5	This place really is "As good as it gets." I moved here in 2005 from California, and have the worst hair imaginable. Most beauticians do a crap job on me because its so thick and unruly, but when I found Ambur at urban hair, I fell in love. (not literally sickos!) She's not only an expert her profession, she's a great listener, and very very friendly!! I attended her open house last month for Honeycomb studio, and really was impressed with her new place. The colors are very vibrant and fun just like her personality! If you're looking for a great cut/color, I suggest you visit Ambur at Honeycomb Studio.
5	Ambur is the best. She has a great sense for what looks good and really listens and communicates well to help you create exactly the haircut you want.  Her prices are fair for the top quality you receive and I like that she uses organic and sustainable products.
5	Ambur has been cutting my hair for many years and when she decided to open her own salon I was thrilled. I've loved every haircut that she has given me. She listens carefully to the client's needs, but I usually ask for her recommendation since she is such a good artist. They always turn out sassy and stylish.The salon is fresh, comfortable, inviting, colorful and unique. She has rotating art shows and fun jewelry for sale. The organic products are a huge bonus in addition to Ambur's sweet and interesting personality.
5	I'm in love with Ambur.  There.  I said it.Her new salon uses all organic products - from the shampoo to the styling aids and hair color.  I've known her for a couple of years and was so excited to see that she was branching off on her own.  She's such a little thing and it's such a big girl move!  The salon is ecclectic.  She has local artists' works adorning the walls and changes the art every couple of months.  You can even sell that or your jewelry there!  The walls are all different, too.  The accent wall is actually paint and LACE.  Who thinks this shit up?  Ambur!Ambur's an artist.  I walked in, told her my future plans for my hair color and let her go at it for the cut and style.  That's what a good hair stylist does.  Everyone there is really friendly.  They even have free wifi!!  FTW!!!!!
5	Nice to have a locally owned and operated place of this caliber. As previously mentioned, the salon uses cruelty-free, organic, natural, sustainable, renewable type stuff. I loved my haircuts when I was going (I'm a lazy hair person... haven't replaced her, just haven't gone at all), and Ambur was very nice--I didn't feel weird or stupid when I went in with my self-bleached mess (I can't say the same for other valley salons--I went for quotes and advice to a couple places closer to home before going to Ambur in the end--should not have wasted my time.).I can't say when I'll be back, but anyone with a salon habit or in need of a pro haircut should come here. The local jewelry and art are nice. The products they sell are the products they use... no weird super-designer stuff, just products the owner believes in, which is nice. Pretty small waiting area last time I was in--that's my only complaint, and it's really not something she could fix easily. Maybe a bench outside in case of overflow? NBD as wait time is usually minimal, just slightly inconvenient if there are more than 2-3 at once. Not sure if they are still doing it, as no one else has mentioned it, but there used to be a discount for first-timers, so ask on that! Enjoy your beautiful new 'do!
5	Love this little place. Alicia has cut my hair three times now, and does a fantastic job. She takes her time and really pays close attention to every hair! I have a super short pixie cut, so it could definitely be done badly, but I have been very satisfied every time I've gotten a trim here. The price is pretty average for  most salons I've been to.
5	Honeycomb is awesome! Love the natural products and the great service! Especially love my stylist Lindsay!! She did amazing work on my hair and used the best approach to dying through store brand colors that I had ruined my hair with! I left with the exact style and color I wanted!. I will def be going back and requesting Lindsay again!
5	This is my absolute favorite place to get my hair done. They are a great local business that exemplifies customer service. Ambur cut my hair this last time and she actually listened to what I said before she started anything. It was really refreshing! The vibe here is really low-key and relaxed; it was a great place to go on a Friday afternoon (felt like I was hanging out with friends...if I had friends that cut my hair while we hung out...which would be weird). The price was certainly worth the effort that was put into my hair.
5	Confession: I mistreat my hair. I don't think about haircuts or trims until it's too late. I am known to have split ends when school gets too hectic. My name is Liz and I need help.Thankfully, I found Honeycomb via Yelp. (Thanks, fellow Yelpers!) I love my haircut and I love how my hair feels, especially after the deep conditioning treatment. I loved my stylist, the wonderful Lindsay Sparling. She was so nice, so sweet, and so great to talk to. We chatted for the entire cut, which was nice for me, since I am a talker. Lindsay also didn't judge me for my lack of hair care. Instead, she gave me useful tips on how to prevent sun damage, how to care for my dry hair, and how to balance my oily roots with my dry ends. The studio is tucked into a small shopping center near 24th Street and Thomas. The sign is bright red and easy to notice (yay!). If you are reading this review trying to decide on a place to go, stop reading and schedule your appointment now. The studio is cute, the staff is friendly, the cuts are great, and the products smell great (as noted in other reviews).
5	Had the pleasure of getting my haircut today by Amber the salon owner. Not only was she attentive to all of my request, but she also seems to really be walking the talk when it comes to being "green." While she was snipping away at my mistreated locks we had a chance to talk backyard chickens, vegetable gardens and the apathy of society when it comes to consuming. It is refreshing to find like minded individuals in any industry, but especially so when it is your hairdresser. Would definitely recommend you go your hair did at this spot. Decor is awesome, with stained  concrete floors and a local artists offering. Plenty of little touches as well! Music was unique but not offensive. I am a happy man. I will be sending people your guys way!Thanks for the awesome haircut!
5	I got my haircut by Amber the owner, really great cut.  I'm very happy with the cut and just overall service.  This is definitely a 5/5 star place, the reviews speak for themselves.  The price is about average for a mens cut, I definitely don't have any complaints.  I will recommend my friends go to her because she is awesome!!
5	One of the things that's essential when you first move to a place is find a good stylist! When I moved to Phoenix, a friend recommended Ambur, the owner, and it was great advice! I love the hair cuts I get, and the best of all is my new Organic Perm!  Everyone thinks it's natural, and I can feel really good about not harming the earth!  The staff is very friendly and makes you feel at home, and there are vegan options on products if you're so inclined!
4	Cute little salon.  The prices seemed average for the area.  My color was great, cut was good but didn't measure up to the color service.  Gals working there are charming.
5	Amra is the best hair stylist- hands down! She colored my hair in a shimmery offset pattern that is just stunning, I get so many compliments!  She gave me an edgy haircut that isn't too hard to style.Amra takes the time to do an amazing job, you will not be disappointed!See her, so you can turn heads!The Honeycomb studio is stylish, fun and has great art on the walls- it's worth a stop in to check out the handmade trinkets for sale in the front.  It's like a boutique! And it's right near the Biltmore, so you can go shopping to show off your locks afterward...
5	Searched this salon on here & the ppl were right, it's great! I usually stress about getting a haircut, but there's nothing to worry about here. I got myself a "short back & sides" haircut from Autumn and she did an amazing job. We had some interesting small talk, Got my hair washed with some refreshing minty shampoo, and topped it off with a delicious smelling pomade. If i'm around the area again, i'll definitely drop in to get my hair done!
2	Called last Friday for a haircut. Since I just moved here was definitely looking for a new place.... unfortunately I am still looking :/One great thing is that they got me in the same day I called for an appt.Saw Alicia. Talked non stop but she was really nice so that made up for it. I explained a had long hair just in November and got it cut into a bob and wasn't really happy with it but was letting it grow out. I also wanted long side swept bangs. She cut the back great but when she got to my bangs this is where it all went downhill. She cut them way too heavy, they are choppy and it looks like she actually took a hatchet to them. The length is all over the place. She also cut them almost to my ear...I mean really?!?I went home and tried styling it for two hours but realized that I'm going to have to wear my hair curly from this point on.  I was at the point of tears. I decided to write Ambur the owner and let her know how bad it was. I explained that I really wanted a refund. $45 for this cut was ridiculous. I honestly felt that for someone to have 7yrs experience and give such a bad cut I should not have to pay for that.  I feel that when you get your hair done when you leave the establishment you should feel beautiful not like you just had the worse experience ever. She emailed me back and said they don't give refunds but I was more than welcome to come in and Alicia would fix my hair. Why would I go back to someone that just screwed up my hair?!?  I emailed her back and said thank you but I'll just let it grow out. I received a second email saying I could come in for a styling lesson...umm I've been styling my hair for 30+ years. I know when I have a crappy cut and I know how it needs to be styled. So while the offer was nice again I'm not taking her up on it.So they get one star for getting me in quick and one for doing half a haircut right but that's about all I can muster up unfortunately.
5	After some searching for the right salon in my new hood, I've definitely found it at Honeycomb. Alicia did a fantastic job cutting my hair, and she pays great attention to detail and listened to what I was looking for. She is also extremely sweet and her fun chit chatting made the time fly! I can honestly say my hair has never felt so soft or healthy and the products they use here are top-notch and environmentally friendly. The atmosphere is really chill and the place is very quaint. I'm definitely sticking to this place and I'm so glad I found it--and I love the fact that I'm supporting a small business nearby.
5	Wonderful Salon!Wonderful Stylists!Wonderful Haircuts!I took my daughter here a week ago to have her haircut. She's 10 going on 16 so she's reaaaaally finicky about how her hair looks. She has super thick hair, and that makes it really hard for her to style. Every other salon we've tried has seriously messed up her hair, so we gave up trying a year ago and let her hair grow out. It's getting really hot out already, and my daughter expressed that she wanted shorter hair with a little bit of an edge. We explained to the stylist that she wanted something fun for her age but that would also be easy for her to style herself. We got just that. We put our trust in her and I'm so glad we did. For $15 she got an amazing cut and she was super happy with the way she looked when we left. The stylist (I'm sorry, I'm forgetting your name because i would really like to recommend you to people!) even gave her a little demo on how she could style her new haircut. My daughter has had no trouble achieving this look each and every morning since then. Thank you, Honeycomb, for restoring our faith in hairstylists. We had just about given up hope that there were still friendly people out there working in your industry who knew what they were doing.We will definitely be back again!
5	After not really having a haircut in 6 years, I went to chop of all of my hair and donate it to locks of love. My stylist was great and helped me pick a style after years of not paying attention at all. Everyone was very nice and I felt comfortable as the only man in sight. I was happy with the cut too and I definitely recommend this place. The pricing ($25 for a men's cut) seems right on point too.
5	If you're looking for a stylist who is brave enough to conquer your crazy tresses, then this is the PERFECT salon for you!After hours upon hours of reading Yelp reviews from other salons and even a trip to the infamous Toni & Guy salon, I have found my new favorite spot in the valley. After a letdown at T&G, I decided to call up Honeycomb and they got me in the same day! They can do all sorts of organic magic on your hair without fear, unlike other salons- cough T&G cough. I wanted to lighten and do a purple dip-dye/ombre on my hair and my stylist, Amra was able to do so without telling me to walk my butt to Hot Topic and buy temporary dye for her to put in for me... (Yeah, that really happened to me at Toni & Guy.. couldn't believe it!) Amra is the BEST for funky awesome color! We were able to achieve the look I wanted without killing my hair or my wallet. I've never been so happy with a hair salon visit in my life!Highly recommend! Thanks Honeycomb!
5	Yesterday, while Alicia was rescuing the disaster I had allowed my hair to become since my last cut too long ago, I had the opportunity to observe Ambur styling her client's hair in the chair next to me. The girl was probably 13-ish and had naturally curly hair, and Ambur had colored it, cut bangs, and blown it out straight. It looked super cute, but the girl was obviously freaked out about the change. Ambur was very sensitive to this and calmly and cheerfully led her back to the sink to wash the curl back into her hair and restyle it. The poor girl was clearly embarassed about making her start over and kept apologizing, but Ambur was just casual and encouraging the whole time. I feel that some stylists would have taken offense at having to redo everything, or would have tried to convince the client that it looked good, but she was more concerned that the girl was comfortable with the look and was giving her little style tips about how to manage her new bangs. The girl looked adorable with both styles, and I'm sure will be the hit of her class at the first day of school, and I think Ambur gave her a nudge of confidence by being so cool the whole time. What a great role model!(And my haircut was great, as usual.)
4	Fantastic! Once again, Yelp pointed me in the right direction. Thanks, Yelp. I needed a new salon after my previous one abruptly closed on me...I had been putting it off and my hair was getting unruly. I called Honeycomb and they got me in an hour from then! I'm super busy and same-day appointments are a huge plus for me. I love the salon inside...feels cozy. Alicia was a little late so my appointment started a little late, but she did a fantastic job. I love my haircut! I definitely plan on sticking with Honeycomb. Thanks, guys!
5	I went in for a simple bang trim, and Ieft feeling like a new person! I've had my bangs styled almost every way imaginable. Usually I go to a salon for a bang trim, then go home to do more trimming and styling on my own, because they never quite get it right. Vanessa cut my bangs absolutely perfectly! I don't even need to put any mousse or hairspray on in the mornings!Besides the perfect cut, the atmosphere was friendly and low-key. I will definitely be going back to Vanessa!
5	So I came here to visit a friend and now will be committed to getting a trendy and professional hair cut here.  Vanessa P. was my stylist and she rocked it!  She did her magic and gave me the professional cut I needed for the office while allowing me to maintain my style!  Good location and there's a taco joint near the this place that's bombtastic to go to after good conversation and a rad snip!  Thank you again Vanessa.  No more crazy hair after the roosters wake me up this time!!!NOTE:  They do all organic hair coloring and alterations.  If you're looking to keep it organic and keep your locks el natural while bringing it some color this is the place to go.  And the decor is pretty stylish as well!
5	Great experience with Alicia yesterday! Love my haircut and cannot wait to go back to have her perm my hair. Extremely friendly and nice to talk to. Will no doubt always come back for all my hairdressing needs.
5	I just moved to Phoenix and I've been looking for a good hair salon for months. Honeycomb was fantastic! I called on a Sunday and I got an appointment 3 days later; the service was great, the stylists were friendly, and my hair turned out beautifully. I am very picky and my stylist, Sarah, was incredibly accommodating! I received highlights, a haircut, and a gloss (not to mention a scalp massage) for $100.  I fully plan on going back in 8 weeks and you should check this place out also!
5	I just moved to Tempe a few months ago, and was feeling "blah" about my entire situation.  So, like any good post-punk kiddo, I decided to do Something Crazy to my hair.  I had lots of unkempt dreadlocks and a used-to-be-shaved, now-it's-just-shaggy thing going on... any hairstylist's dream, right?  After doing a quick Yelp search, I was pleasantly surprised to find Honeycomb- so close! So dread-specific! Such good reviews!- so  I immediately called to make an appointment, figuring I'd have to wait a week or two.  To my gratification, I was booked for bright and early the very next morning with Autumn, who in addition to being an excellent stylist, knows dreading techniques specifically.  (This is VERY IMPORTANT!  I have spent stupid amounts of money in salons for hair that, frankly, blows). Autumn beat me to the salon- impressive, since I was five minutes early and was the first client of the morning- and was kind and welcoming from the get-go.  She didn't even touch my hair until I'd given her all the shameful details of my unkempt locks, and then didn't pass any judgement, just commenced to fixing them.  In addition to a bang-up maintenance job, she re-formed a few of my dreads, tightened everything up, and made them nice and sleek once again.  As if that wasn't awesome enough (again, it is HARD to find a good dreadlock stylist!), she then shaved some truly beautiful geometric designs into my remaining shaggy mess, threw on some rad turquoise dye, and cut the whole thing into a chic, edgy 'do.  I went from "maybe living under a bridge" to "dude, I'd hire me to stand around cool bars for atmosphere" in less than two hours!  Autumn is not only an A-plus stylist, she is kind, friendly, extremely professional and accomodating, cute as a button and talented to boot!  I really can't recommend her services enough.  Finally, the price was considerably less than I'd been expecting.  Just the icing on the cake after such an awesome first experience.
5	this is def a diamond in the rough...would not expect this type of place in the plaza it's in, but the stylists are talented and friendly in a very hip environment. With organic products, what more can you ask for?
5	Exceptional, these ladies are true artists.  Which is clearly the most important bit, but the ambiance is delightful as well. The decor, the local art and the music in the background make the trip a very pleasant experience. I can't say enough about Vanessa. At this point, I just let her do whatever she wants. She's a genius.
5	I traded my Pet Sitting Services for some Salon Services and I cashed them in yesterday. I am SO excited about it. I didn't realize they were an organic salon, and the experience was so much nicer than I've had at other salons. There was none of that icky hair dye smell and no burning scalp. Most importantly, working with animals every day, I do not want to use products tested on animals. They don't carry or use ANY products tested on animals. That can be hard to find at an average salon. Autumn gave me a beautiful cut. I was trying a new color, so I told her to use her discretion regarding the shade, rather than bring in a photo of some celebrity I look nothing like and hope they can turn me into that. I was very happy with the cut, and just wanted a little bit of modification to it, and she was very pleasant and open to that. When she revealed the color, I was THRILLED. It came out so much better than I had hoped for.  She was fun to talk to, and the whole experience was fun, and not awkward, like it sometimes is when you don't know what to talk to your stylist about. We had been talking about why I was going blond instead of my usual red, and she suggested some pink tips, which was PERFECT for what I was going for.I hope I can do more trade with Honeycomb, because they're definitely my salon of choice.
5	I can't speak for all the stylists. I have only seen Vanessa but she's fantastic. I was very hesitant and scared to get my haircut after moving to AZ from Chicago, IL. In fact Im a hair snob so I suffered until I absolutely needed to get it cut. After looking around online and reading bio's and researching the products and prices. I choose honeycomb and thought Vanessa would be the perfect one to try out. I did this mostly because of her bio. (I needed my eyebrows done to and Im even more particular about them than my hair. After going to 3 eyebrow specific places and getting various inconsistent results I wanted to find someone who could do it all) The first time I went I had her just give me a cut and brow both were perfect. I returned recently with pictures of 2-3 haircuts told her what I licked about them and gave her very annoyingly specific instructions to make it happen. She totally got it, I could not imagine a better outcome. I also had my hair colored and its great as well. I will never try a different stylist so long as I live in Arizona.
5	Just wanted to update my review.  I've been seeing Autumn as a stylist for over a year now and I think she's the bee's knees!!  My cut and color are always great, and she works with my crazy schedule to fit me in.  The salon doesn't stink like chemicals because they use organic coloring - which is a plus even if you're not into the organic scene.  Tops!!
