1	Front desk is unprofessional. The black lady knows nothing, even if you ask her what's in front of her when you call from your room. They left the ice machine broken for two days, then finally fixed it, but left the not working sign on the ice machine. It's Vegas, and it's easy to get hydrated. When I walk barefoot in my room, the soles of my feet look as if i've been jogging in dirt. Nasty rooms, unprofessional front desk (that lady I mentioned earlier), and a nonchalant attitude towards people who spend money here. Appreciate that you have customers coming to this shit hole with the shitty employee that knows nothing at all...whatsoever.
2	YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR SO DON'T EXPECT MUCH HERE!i paid $80 total including tax for 2 nights here on a weekend and the only reason why was because how cheap the prices were! its by the in-n-out but basically almost on the strip. it's only a minute drive to the MGM!the cons about this place is the flooring. it's tiles which is pretty weird. the showers are small and somewhat dirty. the toilet seemed old. i felt that i needed to put a seat cover every time i needed to go pee! they had a nice new sink and was nice because they had good lighting for putting on make up! to turn on and turn off the tv you had to pull the plug out which was RIDICULOUS! the WORST part was that the door seemed like it didn't fully lock. it wasn't secured enough. THEY NEED TO FIX THAT!the only pro was the bed. it was HUGE and had clean white sheets. we didn't use the comforter tho...if you need a blow dryer you can give the front desk your I.D. and they will give it to you back. GOOD LUCK TRYING TO GET A TAXI. THEY ARE NOT AROUND HERE. SO I SUGGEST YOU DRIVE. THE TAXI NUMBERS DON'T WORK AND THEY DON'T SEND TAXIS OUT THERE EITHER. SO SAVE YOUR TIME AND JUST DRIVE.
1	Looking to stay in a room where you have Pimps and Prostitutes. Well come to the Stay Suites of America Las Vegas (South) where you can watch a pimp slap his workers upside the head. Nothing but pure entertainment. I had to reschedule my date for my room and this room was in the price range of the room I had so I figured why not its right across from the Mandalay Bay which is a lie. It is across the freeway and  behind the Mandalay Bay down the street from Hustler Gentleman Club. It was a horrible experience.My son and I arrived late that night after a long drive from Dallas TX, we had the privilege to watch a pimp slap his prostitute down to the ground, not only was I disgusted but we left. After letting the staff know she said then maybe you should check out and that is exactly what we did. To top it all off I had the worst experience with expedia.com when I wanted to receiving my money back for the 2 days that I didn't stay in the hotel. The representative said that she would call the hotel to confirm that we left and get back to via email in 2 days. Day 3 is here and now I am being told that you have no idea of me contacting you. Talk about adding insult to injury.
1	Its a long list...are you ready? Summary = No. [There is no 0 Star Rating] Don't do it, unless it is a painful back up plan to you staying with a new found friend in their awesome suite in the High Rollers Club.PROS: Hot water works; A/C works (loudly, but works), key locks & unlocks the door; curtains slide closed for very dark room; free intermittent Wi-Fi; microwave; fridge; bed; pillow; sink (it has one).CONS:Firstly they photocopy your drivers license...AND Credit card...on the same sheet and place them in an accordion file;Light bulbs were/are burned out in bathroom (both of them); Floor was not cleaned, still has bottle rings from cleaner/drinking bottles; furniture layout would not let the front door open all the way, the door would jam on the seat set just behind it (I had to rearrange the furniture); the cheapest soap (understandable, but unfortunate); no hand towels nor washcloths, although it is explicitly defined in an intentionally provided pamphlet that the customer will be charged (and rates provided) for missing units of linen, or even if stained; Bath mat was stained when I checked in already; door does not shut all the way, only the deadbolt keeps it shut; not shut enough to allow fast food pamphlets to be placed into the door jam side into the room while I am away; No cleaning service was provided over the course of the week, the pamphlet for linens specifies it is provided for guests, but weekly/monthly live-in customers it MUST be requested; No hangers, none, even at the front desk; shampoo no conditioner; wood blocks under the bed holding them up in the middle; stained top bedding; sink does not drain (I am not about to investigate why!); tub drain plug is broken and set loosely sideways in the tub; stained ceiling in the bathroom; stained shower curtain; the front desk is not the brightest crayon in the box; finally the property security guard was seen patrolling around the property at night peering into rooms with binoculars, Really!I slept okay, only because I spent my time across the street dancing and enjoying the casino, into the wee hours of the morning, and my body forced me to sleep.It is not worth the money savings, I immediately drove around looking for semi affordable vacancy to stave off the weeks long disappointment I felt when walking into the room for the first time. You should do this BEFORE you check in! -PEZPS: two of the three Yelp photos are helpful to show the lack of detail of this place, red thing in the trashcan...in the pic? and toilet tank cover askew, this place is askew!
1	Well let's see they charge for towel if they are drity. They don't have housekeeping.on the weekends.  They make u wash your towels to get clean towels. Rooms smell like smoke even if it non smoking . swimming pool is hella cold. Ever take a chlorine bath don't jump in the pool.
1	Think about this with me. If you are reading reviews about a hotel then you are the sort of person who cares about what the place is like. Since you care about what it is like, I can tell you from my experience, this place is not for you. It is not a nice place and you will be repulsed by the experience of sleeping there. My advise is to pay more and stay somewhere else. A review reader like you will be glad they did.
1	This is the most disgusting, scary hotel I've ever stayed at! We knew we were getting into a cheap hotel for the week but having a drug dealer literally selling drugs next door to us is not acceptable! We didn't want to spend a lot of money but it was so bad that we just left without staying the full week and they aren't giving us a refund!!!! This does not deserve a star!
