5	My wife and I were in the market for a new bed. I have heard great things about Bedmart, my parents and my wife's parents have both bought beds at Bedmart. One at this location and one at another. This was our first stop on our quest for a new bed. George was the only person working that day and greeted us nicely. We told him what we were looking for in a bed (firm but not too firm). He asked our budget so we look at beds within in our price range. After a few trials and getting more information about what we like in beds, he showed us the iComfort beds by Serta. I was not really into the foam style mattress but after trying all the conventional mattresses and comparing to the iComfort we decided to go with it. George worked with our budget to make the deal happen. I was very impressed with his service and I will be referring anybody I know looking for a bed to him and his location. I just had my mattress delivered and I am excited for sleep in my new bed!
5	I was looking for a full mattress for my kid last weekend. We usually bought from Costco for the combination of high quality and low price. This time, unfortunately, Costco only carries the set while we only needed the mattress. I surveyed another brand-name store and spent over half an hour with the store manager in discussing on the options and haggling on price... Yet, we were not able to reach a deal.So the next day, I decided to go to Costco to buy the whole set which was still a better deal than the final price of the mattress-only sale form the other store. On the way, I wanted to check out this Bed Mart quickly although didn't expect to achieve anything. After discussing with Gabrielle and introduced the background, she quickly pointed us to several options they had with matching quality to Costco's. To my surprise, the price was already $100 lower than the set at Costco. My son even got opportunities to try lying on different beds to choose the one he likes the best. Then, I asked Gabrielle if she was willing to kick off another discount, so we could reach a final deal for purchase. She certainly didn't hesitate, went to check on her computer, and came back to offer us even a better discount than what I asked. After we made the payment, she even checked the inventory of not only the warehouse but also several other stores, and let us pick up the mattress from the nearest store instead of driving a long to the warehouse.Our whole stay in the store took less than 10 minutes, and I could not be happier about this no-hassle experience. They made me forget about Costco :) I'd high recommend this store to my friends and colleagues.
5	MOON...very helpful, polite salesman.Got me what I needed, at a very fair price.I purchased from him at another BEDMART store about a year ago. I went back to that store to only be treated rudely by Marcus...but thats another review!If you want a fair deal and to be treated well, I suggest going to see Moon.
5	We had a great experience and service from Deb and Gabrielle. My husband had already done significant online research on new mattresses when we decided to shop the Bedmart clearance sale. They were out of the exact style/king size mattress that we were interested in, but were able to make multiple other recommendations of comparable products at different price points. The sales team was helpful without being pushy. They even held our baby so we could test out different mattresses! We felt we got a good deal and would recommend them to friends and family.
