5	I have been going to Jeff for almost about 10 years..He is the best around..most auto places rip you off,take forever and bs you..here that won't happen he gives the most fair prices around and does the best job timely and efficent... if u have any vehicle problems dont go anywhere else...
5	JD's Automotive has been my preferred mechanic for several years.  I've went to other shops due to convenience and always end right back at Jeff's shop.  I've referred many friends to him and ALL of them are now regular customers.  Highly recommend - honest mechanic's are hard to find but I assure you, Jeff and crew will take care of you and your vehicle.
5	Both JD &   Jeff are honest straightforward men who stand behind their work.  If you need to hear it from me to believe, feel to give me a call.  Dr. Ira SimonSimon Chiropractic480-860-6890
5	Straight forward and honest. He could've charged me for a new steering box but was able to just adjust it. No need in replacing. Awesome service and quick.
5	I've been taking all of my families 4 vehicles to Jeff for years now.  Great service,  no bs and fair pricing. If you're looking for someone to trust in working on your vehicles,  this is the place to go.
5	Delivered TOP SHELF service to me this morning.  Walked out of my place to drive to work, and my car battery was dead at 8 am.  Phoned these guys who are located down the street.  Within 10 minutes of communicating my problem they had a mechanic at my residence who jump-started the car.I drove my vehicle to their shop.  Another 15 minutes later, a new battery was installed, my alternator was checked and found in good working order, and I was on my way to work.The owner was behind the counter, and offered great personal service.BONUS:  These guys offer Schaeffer lubricant products - engine oil mainly.  Years ago I was a Schaeffer sales rep, and have always used Schaeffer oil products in my vehicles.  Here's why, Schaeffer oil products contain molybdenum (Moly), a mineral, which reduces friction.  Less friction, less heat.  Less heat, less wear and less use of FUEL!  That's right, using Schaeffer engine oil will get your vehicle better fuel mileage.  Get your car's engine OIL changed here, when you can - your car will love you for it.I found them and chose them b/c of their Yelp ratings, and Yelp did not fail.  Highly recommended.
1	I was quoted 520$ for brake booster. I went to car tech next door to Jd. Brake booster was replaced for 365&. Overpriced shop,unprofessional. I don't recommend Jeff.He will rip u off if your female.
