5	There are a few other places in town who specialize in cuts for the kiddos - having tried the others, I can tell you this place is by far the best.  It's strange, but the other places don't even seem "kid-friendly" even though they are in the business of  serving kids!  Here, they seem to really care - service is great, atmosphere is friendly, haircuts are always good.  My kids love it and I've started getting my haircuts here as well.
5	I had my daughter's 5th birthday party here. It was wonderful! The girls had so much fun getting their hair, makeup, and nails done. The staff worked so hard to please all the girls and were so sweet. My daughter said it was her favorite party. It is pricey for a kids parties but totally worth it.
4	My toddler loves coming here. He gets so excited to sit in either a taxi, a firetruck, or the helicopter while our friendly stylist, Michelle, cuts his hair. With entertainment o'plenty via train tables, Wii, or some disney movie playing at each station, this salon gets  it done right. Unfortunately this place does not take appointments, however you can put your name down and the front desk will call when you when you are coming up if you would rather run errands while you wait (great!..as us Mom love to multi-task!)
4	Got a kiddo with a mop top that needs a trim?  This is your place.  Staff is friendly and courteous, and remarkably well suited to cut the hair of a toddler who won't sit still.The decor is great and the shoppe itself is filled with toys, dolls, trains, and TV's playing silly cartoons.  The real impressive piece however are the hair cut chairs, which are all really nicely done planes, cars, and other such things your little one will love to sit in.  The real tip is that they advertise on Yelp - so check in and get yourself an extra $1.00 off your haircut!
5	This is the best kids haircut place that we've found. We've tried three other kids-oriented salons closer to home, and haven't been happy enough to avoid the drive out to South Charlotte to this particular Pigtails & Crewcuts. The staff are great and the cuts are even better. I would highly recommend, and often do. They get crazy busy on Saturday, so there's usually a pretty long wait, but it's well worth it in my opinion.
5	Great haircut experience. My son has a longer style surfer cut and doesn't like the electric razors so he only does scissor cuts. A great kid-themed family atmosphere - no like going to Honeycuts or sports clips where they barely have clothes on. He loved playing while he waited and the women in the salon were very professional and trendy. He got a great cut and no fussing - we will definitely be back!
4	I took my 5 year old daughter here this past week after work.  Just so you know, Tuesday's and Saturdays are the busiest days since they do a rewards program and offer double stamps.  I walked in and the receptionist was honest about a 15 minute wait, and there were tons of people there.  Always a good sign right?  After our wait my daughter was welcomed by the lady who was going to trim her hair to sit in the race car chair which she helped her climb into.  She asked me what I wanted done and followed my (or what my wife told me) wishes to a tee.  It was a great experience and I perceived it as better than going to a Great Clips or something.It was a bit pricey ($18.00 + tip) for a kids cut IMO but hey what isn't expensive for kids these days?  I checked in on the YELP App and got $1.00 off my cut so be sure to take advantage of that.
4	Great place! Everyone was so nice!! My 2 yr old is usually a nightmare in the chair. But after a rough few minutes (and a different movie) he was great. It was like a miracle. And his haircut is adorable. They did a great job. Would definitely recommend it.
5	Called for the three grandkids--2 girls and 1 boy--to get hair washed and a haircut.  Got there and there was a 30 minute wait.  Staff was very friendly.  Walked over to Smoothie King for the wait.  While there the admin called to tell us we had 15 mins, great customer service as they know how kids can be.  Grandson was called first.  He was kind of hesitant because he has a barber that is his go to and he does not be unfaithful.  But his sister and cousin were getting something done so he went along.  Great service!  His stylist was attentive and just treated him like a little man instead of another head to cut.  He tipped her his own $3!  Fantastic because that little boy is a tight wad like his grandpa!  Next were my two girls.  And let me preface this with they have very different ethnic hair.  The oldest has a lot of it and is very tender headed.  The middle has a kink and is not tender headed.  Both had a different stylist who also treated them like they were clients and not children.  It was the middle's first visit to a stylist and she was stoked!  She loved the special treatment and the stylist treated her very special.  We had a blast and this granny spent a mint!  But it was well worth it.  When I am back to have the kiddies we will be sure to get hair washes and cuts here!  They totally rock!
4	Great with my two children 4 and 2.5. Good hair cuts but only 4 stars because I feel like it was a little over priced for the service.
