1	DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE - OVER CHARGING. I'm from California and I got my headlight bulb replaced on a Mercedes Benz for $25.00 w/labor included. Gruelich charged me $97.63 for replacing one headlight. Adam is great in the customer service dept. However, when I asked how much for two new tires in the front of my car he stated that I needed 4 new tires because the ones on the back that I just got a year ago was wore down in the middle. While I was on the phone w/ my last auto repair Ctr in Oakland I told them about how he was trying to sell me 4 new tires and what Adam said and they told me that is how the tire was made and it wasn't worn down. So they over charged me for a headlight and also tried to get me to buy 4 new tires when I only needed 2 tries. Did I mention that I got them off of AAA referred customer list. Oh yeah I got $10.00 off for being a AAA member Oooo but My bill was $97.63 TOO HIGH. On top of all of that I was there for 3 hours waiting on parts to be delivered. After I asked did they have a my bulbs in stock. They stated they did. But they didn't and they couldn't replace my inner light bulb because they couldn't find anyone that had it in stock....my last place in CA did it in less than 10mins I was in this place for 3 hours for one halogen bulb they said they had in stock...AND THEY DID NOT SO PLEASE DO NOT GO THERE!!!!
1	Consider yourself warned, do not take your vehicle here! Had a problem with a vehicle and had it towed to Greulich's. The next morning I got a call from one of the "mechanics" telling me that he could not get into the vehicle because the key wouldn't work. I explained that this was because had had the ignition replaced (by them) a year earlier, and that the door key was different from the ignition, and that we always used the key fob to unlock the doors. He explained that the fob wasn't unlocking the doors, and asked if I could bring down the door keys. I agreed to do so, but suggested that he check the battery first. He agreed to do so, and said he would call if he needed me to come down with the key. Later that day another "mechanic" called me with an estimate of repairs that included a new window actuator (an extra $200+) that needed to be replaced because the window was broken and stuck in the rolled down position. I explained that this was not the case when it was towed in, and that the other mechanic had called because he could not get in to the vehicle, which he would have obviously been able to do if the window was down. To this, the mechanic replied that there must have been a "miscommunication" because the window was down when it had been towed in. I asked him why then had the other mechanic not been able to get into a vehicle with an open window, to which he stammered "uhh, umm, he never actually went out to the vehicle, and umm, never noticed the window was open." I asked him how he knew that the key didn't work if he didn't go out to the vehicle, to which he said that "well....uhh... he did go out, but didn't notice the window was down." I almost fell off my chair, "who do you have working for you?" I asked incredulously. It didn't matter, the mechanic was holding to his story, and I could either pay to fix the window that they OBVIOUSLY broke when trying to get in to the vehicle, or spend a bunch of time arguing and fighting it. I decided to not give them the satisfaction (and extra money)  and had it repaired at another place. I have since complained to AAA and the BBB. Stay away!
1	took my car in for an oil change.  everything seemed fine until 2 days later my skid plate underneath my car fell off.  I took it back to gruelich's and they claimed they did not touch the skid plate during the oil change.  they said i must have knocked it loose by hitting a curb (which i did not do).  took my car immediately to the dealership and was told 1 of 2 things happened;  either gruelich's did not replace the skid plate properly after the oil change so it came loose and fell off or gruelich's did not really even do the oil change at all because they are lying when they say they did not have to remove the skid plate to do the oil change.  i haven't taken my car back since and just go to the dealership for oil changes.
3	Took the Saab in for an oil change, friendly staff, quick service, and reasonable pricing. The only issue is that you have to request the extras (even though they are included) otherwise they will only do what you ask for. Customer service can be improved if they just do the inspection and tire rotation, or at least ask if you want it...
2	I've been a long-time customer of this particular location. This used to be my favorite place to take my car, but they're under  new managment or something. They were always fair and even tried to save me money from time-to-time. The past few times I've taken my car there, though, they've tried to upsell me and told me I needed a service they had done just a few months prior. It looks like I'm on the market for a new mechanic. :-(
1	I was so disappointed with the service at the Ray/Cooper location.  I've been there a couple times before, about two years ago, and have never had a problem.  I called on Monday to schedule an appointment for a new fuel cap and an oil change.  I was told to come in Wednesday at 3.  When I got there, no one greeted me and it took over an hour of me waiting to get the oil change without any one checking in with me.  When I went to pay, I asked the manger to fill out my form from emissions stating that I got a new fuel cap.  He looked puzzled and when I asked if they put the cap on he said that I had to "help him out" by telling him ahead of time.  I stated that I asked for that when I called for my appointment.  He told me that I had an appointment at two that I showed up late for (my appointment was at 3) and then he told me that I never even had an appointment.  That was interesting since he took my call on Monday.  I was fine with them not doing the cap since it's an easy fix, but I'm not okay with someone telling me that it's my fault for something they guys didn't do.  I don't feel that I or any other customer deserve to be treated in that manner.  I'm sorry to say that I can no longer go back to that shop.  I should have trusted the yelp other reviews.
3	Their customer service needs some help...the guy wasn't very friendly but they got the job done quickly and efficiently.
1	I had a problem with a coolant leak on the top of my 2008 Ford Expedition engine.  I had had my AC repaired a year earlier at this shop without concern so I when to Greulich's on Ray Road again to have them provide me with an estimate to repair the coolant leak.I arrived about 4 PM on a Weds and explained the problem.  With little discussion, the Service Writer (Kelly15) took my keys to have a mechanic "take a look".  There was no discussion about any fees to get an estimate.About 45 minutes later, I was presented with an estimate of $1,558.93 to have a couple hoses replace and to remove and replace the engine intake manifold.  I was dumbfounded because it was obvious that the hose was leaking at some of the manufacturing joints and spraying down on the engine.  I challenged the Service Writer and said I didn't think the manifold was the problem.  He assured me that his "Master Certified" mechanic confirmed the need of manifold replacement.In disbelief, I said that I would have to have another garage provide me with an estimate before proceeding at which time, I was asked to pay $58.50 plus tax for the mechanic's time.  Bull S!, I was never advised that an "estimate" came with a $58,50 shop bill.  With a firm (read LOUD) voice, I said "I'm not paying your bill" and my vehicle was returned to me.Long story short, I purchased the replacement hose assembly from a retail automotive store and the necessary antifreeze to replace the hose.  After 200 miles, I observe no additional leakage.  Total repair cost in parts was $139.95 and a couple of hours of my time.  Total SAVINGS to me $1,418.98.  It goes without a second thought that I will not be using Greulich's services and will have reason to tell others why I have reached my decision.
1	We quit going to this place a couple years ago when they blamed my wife's braking skills (lol) for the 2-day failure of their crappy brake pads. They machined the rotors as part of the brake job, but pieces of the new disc pads were crumbling and falling off. I took the vehicle back and I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw how much of the pads had disintegrated and was completely taken aback when the manager claimed it was my wife's driving causing the pads to fail.Maybe they're better now, but my experience was crappy parts and crappy excuses.
5	The guys at this particular shop did me a great service. I needed to get on the road ASAP for a road trip over the holidays and after giving them the parts they needed, they took care of me right away. They treated me especially great and they ordered lunch for all the employees and shared with the customers! They are very friendly, they did everything they needed to get me on the road, and they did it all out of their own generosity. The reason I mention that is because I needed to get out on the road before a certain time and I still needed emissions taken care of. They understood my situation and worked with me to get it out in time to get my car through emissions and to get it registered in the same day! They saved me thank you to all who worked with me! I arrived to my duty station on time with no trouble and the car ran great. I feel so lucky to have called this shop instead of anywhere else. I recommend you pay them a visit! They will put effort into working with you too and making sure your needs are met and that you are satisfied!
5	On Saturday, March 9, we took my 17yr old son's car in to get an oil change. The car was done quickly but we were at the Ostrich Festival. We neglected to check when Gruelich's closed and arrived to pick up the car at 4:05 (they closed at 4:00). Everyone was gone and the car was locked inside. Panicking, as he needed the car for school Monday, I contacted the answering machine and emailed the location. The VP of Gruelich's called us Sunday morning and directed the manager Mike to meet us there to get the car. Mike was so great to leave his family on a Sunday and help us get the car. We will be customers for life as they also do a wonderful job!  Thanks!
5	Ask for Josh Hernandez. I have been going to Josh with my families cars for over 5 years. It's hard to find someone who you can trust as a mechanic and when I found Josh I've stuck with him. I know I can count on him to take care of me, my wife or our 19 year old daughter with honest, friendly service.
1	I have been taking my cars to this Gruelich's location since I bought my house nearby in 2006, but it has gone downhill precipitously in the last couple of years. They used to be good about sitting down with you after an oil change, going through point by point what they inspected on the car and suggesting possible upcoming maintenance in a no-pressure way. Now, every time I go for an oil change, they are saying that $1000+ of work "needs" to be done. Today was the last straw - they did work on my transmission in December (replaced pan gasket and filter) and then today (April) said I needed a transmission flush. Well, if they did the work right in December, they would have replaced a good portion of the transmission fluid with brand new fluid, in which case it shouldn't need to be flushed four months later.If you're going to be a crook, at least be a smart one and check your computer records so you're not recommending the same unnecessary work be done just a few months later. I'm done with them after today.
5	Last weekend we had the oil changed in my Altima, the guys were ftiendly, informative and very professional. Today we didn't pass emission which I knew would be a problem but hoped the oil change would work for me. Not so much...We took the car back here to have diagnostics run, discovered we needed an EGR valve and the carbon blown out. Not sure if we were over charged, but the car us running better and we'll find out about emissions on Tuesday. I have no complaints, well maybe one...Don't give me grief about being a Bears fan!
5	Scott was awesome! I had my 06 Sequoia towed there after I was sure the computer went. Thinking this was going to set me back a few 2k I was surprised to find out that it was only a few fuses that blew. Scott called me several times to see what was and was not working before I drove over and ended up taking care of a few extra blow outs at no charge. I have used this company for years and am never disappointed  with their honesty or service.
1	This companies labor rates are higher then a dealership. For that rate you are better off going to the Original Dealer...Way OVER PRICED.... I DO NOT RECOMMEND..
5	Josh is my guy.Always straight talk about good news and bad news. Has proven himself to be someone I can trust and someone I can count on. Even when I'm traveling I can count on a family member to drop of a vehicle for service without getting hassled for unnecessary maintenance. I have five vehicles that have been serviced at Greulich's over last five years. When Josh moved to the Gilbert store- I started bringing our vehicles over hear.
