5	You're still in denial.Three arrests in the last six months, a family intervention... a failed suicide attempt  and, a short stint in rehab. (hospital, not Hard Rock).There's only one sure way to drop this meth habit for good.Taser.Yes, Taser delivers its own unique brand of intervention with over 50,000 volts of reality, and for free no less.Simply tussle with a few police officers during one of your meth-fueled domestic violence 'incidents', and before you know it, you'll be laying in a heap swearing off meth forever. I haven't tried Taser yet, but have several friends on the Phoenix police department who've helped change many lives.In some cases, for good. Taser totally rocks.
5	** YELP DISCLOSURE **: I am not a client/customer of tasers nor have I rec'd any type of consultation on their products, etc.This review is only based on their 2013 Holiday "Fire and Ice" party. My dear bestie works for Taser. She LOVES working here. Love it. She invited me to be her "plus one" for their party. The party was at the HQs and obviously a lot of work AND money were placed in this grand event. I didn't eat anything, but the cake pops did look divine!We headed up to the rooftop where all of the action was - full dance floor w/live DJ. Ice sculptures w/Taser's logo. FULL and open bar - yes! Entertainment including fire dancers who were VERY amazing. Felt like I was in Vegas. Truly.Unforgetable holiday party. It's very obvious they really do care and have appreciation for their associates.
1	I am specifically reviewing the Taser "Strikeforce Flashlight" as I feel there are serious "Safety" issues with this product.  I have accidentally shocked, (non-leathal) myself on 3 or 4 separate occasions due to the fact that when using the product, (as suggested in the owners manual) as a flashlight there is NO safety to prevent the taser from discharging when gripping the handle. You must have the flashlight turned on in order for the taser to function by slightly pushing the raised button on the opposite side of the handle from the light switch. So as you grip the handle it is VERY easy to activate the taser... (As I have painfully learned...)I own other Taser products and am very happy and pleased with these item, (which by the way,  ALL have some type of safety device on them...) I called Taser customer service to advise of the problems I was experiencing and they advised that "there have been several Other complaints, but there was nothing they could, or would do to resolve the safety issue with my product"...:-(  I did get a call back from their legal department it was reiterated to me that "nothing could be done about MY flashlight safety concerns, but... They are currently in design of their New 2nd generation flashlight that will address this safety issue"... So, I take from that statement; if you currently own the "1st generation" Strikeforce Flashlight, you are stuck with a defective, (defensive weapon) product with a very serious and dangerous safety issue...
5	I have owned a C2 taser since 2008 and a month ago I tested it without the wired which I do periodically it stopped working. I emailed with customer service and called them when I couldn't find my serial number for the form to send in the device. The customer service was so helpful and located my serial number and they assured me I could send it in even though it is not under warranty no problem.  A week or so after sending my taser in FedEx knocked on my door and delivered a brand new replacement taser. I am beyond happy with this company and the way they back up their products. Thank you so much Taser international...  I love my C2 and I am so happy to feel safe again with this new one!!! :)
