5	Yay! It doesn't have the nostalgia the Hollywood location does but the drive to Red Rock Station is a heck of a lot closer! Plus this location is open until 10pm so there is nothing better then a chili dog to chase the beer you have been guzzling!Located next to the race and sports book you will find Pink's. I always have to get a famous chili dog when at Pink's and something new. The something new was Chili Cheese Fries. Y-U-M!  I really like shoe-string fries so these are a real treat.Don't expect to find the names of your favorite hot dog from the Hollywood location. A majority of the hot dogs have a Vegas themed name. So, check what comes on the hot dog because it might be your favorite but with a different name.They have a variety of menu options and toppings. If hot dogs aren't your thing they have other super tasty options.I have to admit, The prices are much cheaper at the Hollywood location so I have a hard time paying almost $5 for just a single chili dog. Since it is my treat and night to not think about calories though it is worth it. Right now with the current promotion during football, on Sundays you can get original chili dogs for just $2! Now that is a great deal. They have a nice *snap* when you first bite into them! They have different sizes of frozen drinks! I love that I can get a margarita! This is going to be a weekly spot for us. The food is good, the service is good and the place is very clean. The view of the big screen while you grub on completely appropriate sports food is awesome!You can follow Pink's Las Vegas website on facebook or twitter for different promotions and deals.
3	food is good, but no where near as good as the Planet Hollywood location. They just opened so maybe they need to work out a few bugs.   I'll try again in a few months and see if it's a) faster and b) better.
5	This is inside Red Rock Casino next to the big screen television where you can watch all the football games!!  Yes!!  It is football galore!...and guess what?  We were lucky enough that we came here on a Sunday...it's Football Sunday Special!!  $2 dollars for a chili dog which is usually about $4 + per dog...yep expensive dog ...but $2 on an NFL Sunday is totally worth it...The service is efficient !!!  Saw the Niners kicked ass too!!!  so it's all good!!
2	Pinks is what I consider an overrated supposed legendary Los Angeles hot dog stand.  I don't like it much nor see what people see in it in Los Angeles, and most certainly wouldn't go ga-ga over it in Las Vegas, be it locals, visiting tourists or nostalgic LA folks.I'd rate Carney's in LA way better, as well as Cantor's Deli (there's one in Treasure Island (TI) in Vegas as having better hot dogs, both char grilled.The hot dog's at Pinks seems to be steamed or boiled, and the casing ends up looking a bit like a condom on a long lean phallic hot dog that lacks girth and is a bit pale and sickly in color.  Not so appetizing, 'tho seeing hot girls eat 'em can make 'em a bit more appealing visually...I had the $2 Chili Dog, a Sunday Football Special they run for the Chili Dog that usually sells for shy of $5.  I'll say this... they should seriously consider selling the chili as a chili bowl separate.  The chili is tasty and good.  The hot dog or Chili Dog didn't do anything for me.  I'll disclaim, I'm not a huge fan to begin with of the "mixed meats" like Hot Dogs, Sausages, Bologna, Spam, etc. - - so, maybe this review is coming from a non-connoisseur of the "tube steak"I think this place does the job for the local sports book crowd 'tho, and I'd probably try their hamburgers, french fries and non-Hot Dog menu items.The service is good, and seating is in the proximity of a half-dozen + giant TV screens with sports.
4	I am a big fan of the original Pink's in Los Angeles. I see it as a sort of hot dog mecca. When I heard about the first Vegas Pink's opening  at Planet Hollywood I was excited. Then came the bad reviews. I just knew that nothing could compare to the original. But recently the newest Pink's opened up at Red Rock Casino and it is getting favorable reviews. And I can see why. The quality is there. The menu is large. There is a lot missing from it when compared to LA but it does have a strong showing. They do have my favorite dog allbeit with a different name.  I like what they call a Red Rock Dog. I know it as a Planet Hollywood Dog. A Polish Sausage with grilled onions, mushrooms, bacon and nacho cheese.  Delicious by any name. Really all this newest member of the Pink's family is missing is the charm and nostalgia of the original.
3	Let me start by stating that I enjoy an occasional hot dog every once in awhile. Maybe it's just me, but never understood all the hype with Pink's.  Whether it's Pinks in LA or PH, when it comes to their dogs they are just okay.  Minus all the toppings and all you really get a skimpy hot dog.  Keep in mind, I don't even think a Dodger Dog is any better.  In my opinion, 7-Eleven has better dogs at the fraction of the price.  There, I said it. All is not lost though.  The Non-Dog Menu is pretty good.  From their breakfast burritos to their burgers, all are priced just about right for what you get.  They even have a decent chicken sandwich.  Ironic, that they're known for their hot dogs, but I think they're overpriced junk.  But the other stuff on the menu is worth it.  By the way, their breakfast burrito is my favorite.  It's a pretty big serving with eggs, bacon, and potato wrapped in tortilla.  As for the restaurant, it's located between the Sports Book and Poker Room. Located conveniently where you will find me when I am at Red Rock.  The restaurant is clean and really only gets crowded when a good game is going on (i.e 49ers playing).  You get a great shot of the big screen.  I will still recommend Pink's if you haven't had it before.  You be the judge.  But if you been here before, try something other than their dogs.
2	The planet ho location isn't as good as LA, and this one at red rock isn't even as good as planet ho. I had a pastrami dog, my friend got the 3 dog night. The dogs had no snap, and to me that's the whole point of a natural casing hot dog. Skimpier than planet ho w the pastrami, but 3 dog night was still ridiculously huge. Good shoe string fries at least. If you like hot dogs loaded w toppings, I'd try Buldogi's a few miles away instead. Ok if you happen to be at Red Rock, but wouldn't make this a destination. Points for overlooking the games at the sports book, weird that they hide the condiments in the corner.
3	I'm glad that Pinks replaced the Bagel Cafe! It's a definite upgrade in my eyes! I've been to the original Pinks in LA and I have also tried the one at Planet Hollywood. I think the hot dogs here taste fine but they are a bit skinny for the price. My dog had basic ketchup, mustard and onions. It was very different from the one I had in LA which had the tomato, sour cream and something else. I just think it's because the toppings were totally different. Don't get me wrong it was good and it will do if you are craving a hot dog and don't want to leave Red Rock Casino. It's a cute little space but maybe I'm bias because I love Pink!
3	I think this place has potential. Right now it is still working out the kinks. The day I was there the Manager was taking down to the cashier which really upset me and made me want to leave. The food itself is good but could be better. Once the place gets rolling and gets its rhythm I think they'll be a 4 star hot dog joint.
2	Ordered chili cheese fries and they ran out of cheese!  Was close to their closing time but i really was craving bad bad food!
1	Not very good, or fresh tasting. It's also really pricey. I wanted to like this place for my occasional chili dog/hot dog craving. The bread was not soft/steamed, that's a problem. The hot dog had a good snap but, wasn't awesome tasting.It just isn't good, which is too bad because it was rare meal eating a hot dog (grew up in Chicago, use to have often, Portillos is the bomb) and I wasted it on this place. About three years ago I tried the Pinks at Planet Hollywood, it was better than this experience but, I just remember how pricey it was.
3	Ordered a Chili and Cheese Hot DogI believed they boil or steam their dogs like Costco, also there were no snap when you bite...It was good but so does 7-11 version.  I think 7-11 wins this because they grill the dogs which taste better also cost way cheaper.The only thing great about pink's is the toppings because they have lots to choose from such as philly steak, ruben, and etc...
3	After getting my ass handed to me on the craps tables ( i'm close to droppng Red Rock from the rotation !) had an urge for a hot dog.  I've yet to try this Pink's location.  Historically, I've been unimpressed with Pink's - I like the topping options but for me, the hot dog itself is average at best so if the dog ain't a star, who cares about the toppings ?I went with a make your own - dog with mustard, grilled onions and relish.  Again, the dog is average at best - it tasted like a soggy farmer john dodger dog.  Also, a slight ding for too much relish.I also ordered a three dog night to share with the gf later - 3 dogs, 3 strips of bacon, chili, cheese and onions.  Wolfed it down a few hours ago and the onion taste lingers !! I liked the chili, sadly - soggy dog x3; not sure i'll return.pic included
4	Red Rock is a great local's casino (probably the best one)  it's a little far from us, but not too bad.  I tried pinks after getting a comp'd room for one night from one of my friends that gambles a lot. haha  I love a good chili cheese dog.  This one had mustard on it so if you don't like it, make sure you ask for it without mustard (I forgot, but it was still ok)  The hotdog had a good snap and I liked it overall.  It's a little pricey for a hot dog, but it's a pretty big size and hey, you're in Vegas!  Everything's expensive... Definitely try it out!
1	DO NOT EAT HERE! I ate a chili dog last Thursday and I have been having the worst diarrhea for days. I'm writing this as I'm sitting on the pot and haven't been able to leave. What a shitty way to spend the days!!!!
4	I've never been to the Pink's mother ship but I tried them a couple of times at Hollywood Park in LA and wasn't impressed.  I was at Red Rock Casino and decided to try their March Madness $2 chili dog special.  You'll find them between the Sports Book and the Poker Room.  It was one of the best dogs I've had in a while.  There was a perfect snap to every bite of the dog.  The chili was tasty, spicy and had the thick BBQ like consistency I expect on a hot dog.
3	Got a chili dog in an effort to address a craving for something savory and/or spicy.  The dog was good, crispy and flavorful, the disappointment was the chili, not much flavor, kinda oily, not impressed overall
3	Nothing can ever compare to the greasy goodness that you get at the original Pink's in Los Angeles, but I'm still psyched that we now have an easy to get to outlet at Red Rock. The prices are too high and the food is just so/so, but nothing compares to a Pink's wiener. We had trouble finding the place since it's not in the food court, it's off by the sports book (where the old deli used to be). Fast service, lots of tables. If you want a hot dog, this will fit the bill.
1	Having just moved here from L.A. I was used to the original Pinks on La Brea.  The food here is dismal.  The hot dogs are boiled to flavorlessness. There crisp/crunch that you get in the LA location is gone here.  Might as well eat some defrosted frozen Oscar Meyer wieners.  The owner had never heard of Gloria Pink, the owner.  Skip this time or drive a mile down the street to Costco and get a dog that is cheaper and probably a lot better.  AVOID this Pink's location!!!
2	I was excited to try this place since I had heard good things about Pink's and I was pretty hungry after a day spent at the pool.  I ordered a bacon chili cheese dog and I would say it was just OK!  The chili was alright and the hot dog was pretty long but just skinny :(.  It didn't wow me since I have been to other places where they serve my fave hot dogs so I had high expectations to meet up to.  The dog was pretty loaded though - had enough chili, cheese, bacon strips, onions, and tomatoes but the taste was just average.  Difficult to eat without using a fork and knife since I couldn't fit my mouth around all the "stuff" loaded in the dog.  Just wondering if the Pink specialties would be better???  The fries were average.  Kinda pricey overall for around $10 for a hot dog and a soda.
4	Had the porto bacon dog burrito. That thing felt like it was 10 pounds haha. Love the atmosphere, very homie. What i love the most were the fries! I can eat those all day!
2	What's with all the hype??2 hot dogs, an order of onion rings, a beer, and an alcoholic pink lemonade for $42. Damn you Vegas.Everything was just really blehhhhh.. And the service sucked. What made it more unappealing was the fact that their freezer they put the onion rings in was right behind the cash register, so when I saw him take the giant, possibly 20 pound bag of onion rings and drop some into the fryer, they were unappetizing from the start.Hot dogs can easily be made at home.. it's just a bunch of toppings on a regular-nothing special- tasting hot dog in a nothing special tasting bun.Do yourselves a favor and go inside 10 steps and have yourself some Earl's! Now that's worth talkin' about!
3	Not the same experience as the Pinks in LA, but same tasty hot dogs! Their creative combinations are mouth watering and at $6 for a 9inch dog, everything is pretty well-priced. Located next to the Red Rock sports book, it's not the best location, but the staff are more than accommodating. The lady working the counter and man at the grill had a great sense of humor. Great place to catch a quick bite before watching a movie or bowling.
3	If you are expecting this place to taste like the original Pink's in LA, do not waste your time going there.  It tastes nothing like it.  However, if you just want a good hot dog, go head. I would rather eat at the food court which is next to the bingo room (this one is next to the sportsbook and poker room). They do have a vegan burger and it was pretty good.
1	Are you friggin' kidding me?Been here a few times, on Friday nights, before 9:00pm, and Pink's is closed.Red Rock Casino is always packed on Friday nights.If your the owner of Pink's and you are reading this review, do us all a favor and permanently close down this location as you clearly do not understand how to operate a restaurant in Las Vegas.
2	So Being a Chicago girl I generally get my dogs in a classic chicago style. For some odd reason I decided to try something out of the box so I ordered the Red Rock Dog and cheese fries.woah lets talk about portions!First off the polish was a nice size and very juicy but the toppings.. the toppings...  too much mushroom, onions and cheese. Waaaay way too much.  It was an interesting combination, but I will never get it again..As for the cheese fries.. they were basic and unsalted. The cheese was gross and spicy. Will never order them again.I will love to try something else but beware the Red Rock dog..
2	What in the heck was this Midwestern guy who's now a Vegas local doing ordering a Chicago dog from a place called Pink's that's out of Los Angeles? He was letting his hungry stomach guide him to making a stupid lunch choice. As I stood there and ordered that overly priced Chicago style combo meal I thought of the Pace salsa commercials. You know the ones where they ask where the other salsa was from and they said New York City. New York City? Yeah, you know the rest of that story. So as I sat down with my Pinks Chicago dog I'm thinking of the real deal I've enjoyed on many a day in downtown Chicago. My mind was recalling something wonderful, but the cheer from someone betting on the horses at the Sportsbook quickly snapped me back to reality and I took a bite of what was in front of me. And I quickly realized that yeah, the daydream of past experiences was so much better than what I had just shelled out $10 for! My combo was the LA version of a classic and it just sucked. Tough, chewy, bland, bleech! The toppings along with some passable fries and knowing if I didn't eat it would be awhile before I could again are the only things that kept me eating so my stomach would shut up. Fortunately I keep a roll of pepto chewables around...two pink chewables served as the end of my first Pink's experience. People like this stuff? I don't get it. Some things from Cali make great exports to other states...but Pinks is not one of those things.
2	Honestly, I feel like Pink's is way overrated. It's not absolutely terrible but I've definitely tried better hot dog places. And if you're visiting Vegas, you should be trying one of the many other amazing restaurants anyway. If you don't want to spend too much money but still want something delicious, I'd recommend going to Earl's Sandwich.
4	After a holiday stay at the Red Rock Hotel & Casino this past week, I finally got to try Pink's.  Nope, this place is not as close to Pink's of CA but I do appreciate them trying to expand their brand.  I'm giving it a 4-star rating because I thoroughly enjoyed their $2 Classic Chili Dog special during ALL football games.  How can it get much better?  Here's how to do it right:1) Sit by a slot machine and get a $1 beer of your choice when the hostess comes around (I don't drink much...but when I do, I prefer Heineken LOL)2) Take yourself to Pink's and get 2 $2 Classic Chili Dogs (I don't eat chili dogs much...but when I do, I prefer mustard and onions)3) Enjoy yourself at a table while watching the game on the screens in the sports book right next door!For just over $5 you've given yourself a meal that will tide you over the entire game.  Then you can drown your sorrows afterward with the money you saved but lost when you did that silly parlay of yours.  Hey, not my fault you chose them for the under.I know a lot of folks give Pink's a 2 or 3-star but for me and for this special, I think a 4 is deserved.  My chili dogs were good:  soft bun, quality hot dog with lots of snap, chili with lots of flavor, and topped with mustard and raw chopped onions like I like it.Pricing was great for $2 each, and service was friendly and fast.  I was in and out back to the game in less than 10 minutes.  Yes, I lost my bet (damn you Philly) but at least I wasn't left hungry!  Just poor.  Damn poor.
1	The sad reviews about Pinks at the Red Rock Casino are correct.  We went to Pinks on Friday night before the posted 9:00pm closing and told they are closed.  We finally tried again the next day for lunch and was disappointed with a weak display of a chili dog I could get anywhere.  NOT like the Pinks in Los Angeles.
1	We went to Red Rock today to experience Pinks and it was CLOSED!!! Not just closed due to operating hours but CLOSED!!! What is going on?!?! Based on the fact that we didn't eat or get service I'd have to say one star gets it for now. Yes, we know there is a location at the PH but being local we don't want to deal with that.
