4	Great park.  I'm surprised no one has reviewed it on Yelp yet.  The park itself is on Park Rd inbetween Archdale and Tyvola/Fairview... right around the corner from Southpark Mall.  They park has a great tennis facility with 12 lighted courts and across the road is the main park with basketball courts, horseshoe pits, concession stand, volleyball, picnic shelters, and walking trails.  There are also baseball fields and playgrounds for the little ones to go crazy on.I mostly go here for the tennis facility, but have been to some functions that are on the other side.  There is ample parking and a lot to do here.
4	Who knew it covered 122 acres?! Huge park with lots to do for any outdoor activity. There's a lake as well and some drainage system or something, but I like to think it's a submarine top. Great looking basketball courts! They have tennis courts across Park Road. The children's play area looks good too. I'm sure they have some great softball games on their 4 fields. I was seriously impressed with all the different areas (you can tell from the road that all of this exists!)!!The one thing that I think others have mentioned, is the upkeep. Perhaps due to funding, it could have more maintenance. Also, there is a recycling drop off in one of the corners off of the softball fields. Cool.Yelp has this location in Ballyntyne, but it's in the South Park area on Park Road, just south of Tyvola/Fairview.
4	Great for sports leagues, dog-walking, kids on the playground, pickup volleyball or basketball, or Sunday afternoon picnicking. Park Road Park is a great combination of well-maintained fields and semi-rustic trails. The duck pond is a nice central feature, and it's 2/3 of a mile around the pond for all you walkers!
3	I have to echo most of what Jeff S. said...My first visit to this park was this past Saturday, for a house music event. I like that there are several shelters, but it was a bit much to have a loud music event at one shelter & directly next door, there was another event, which probably didn't appreciate the music.The park area itself was clean & open; however, like Jeff stated, the pond/lake was VERY dirty looking - there was scum all over the top, even the geese were steering clear of going in.Overall, it's a good park with plenty of amenities.
3	I come here because of proximity, but otherwise, I would choose Freedom Park over this park. Freedom Park is only an extra mile or so north and is much cleaner, safer and better equipped with nicer ambiance. The problem I have with this park is there is always police patrolling pr parked along side the road, not that I don't like this, but they are out to fine you if you have your dog's leash off. And, a large presence of police only means that this park is not as safe. About 6 years ago the ponds in this park was completely drained, now there is water in it again but the water is extremely dirty. I would not even attempt to use the bathrooms in this park because they are repulsive. Overall, it has a nice trail, but the water is so dirty I wouldn't let my dog go in it to swim, well I can't have my dog loose here anyway because I will probably get fined. I think this is something that dog owners who have well trained dogs can sympathize with. Overall, it is an OK park, it does have a nice tennis court and playground area for kids and lots of tall shady trees.
2	My office came here for a park outing and I was not very impressed at all. Where to begin?!?!? My mom always says to start with the good...so here goes: there was ample parking for all of us. Yep. That's as good as it gets. The lake/pond was very dirty, the trails and grass were covered with doggie "fertilizer" and the bathrooms were just bad. Oh, and getting out of the park was a bit of a nightmare...Ugh! This place was just not for me. Not returning anytime soon.
4	no complaints here. I go to Park Road Park for two reasons: softball or basketball.It's the closest park to me so I might be a little biased, but I don't have any complaints.There's plenty of parking and it's quite huge altogether. You can find space to play. It seems pretty well-maintained. There are plenty of rims at the basketball court. I've driven by the tennis courts too. The Kids play area doesn't apply to me, so I can't really comment on it. The bar is pretty low for me. I've been to Revolution Park, Freedom Park and the Hornet's Nest for various softball league games, etc.Park Road Park works for me. Thumbs up!
3	NOT IMPRESSED: we went to walk, the walk way is gravel and covered in duck/geese poo. The pond was smelly and dirty. Didn't go for the sport courts/fields.
3	This is my neighborhood park.  I just wanted to state that it's not in Ballantyne, it's in South Park.
