1	Seriously overpriced barn of a basement bar. Redeeming feature is live music. Filthiest pub I've ever visited, too.
3	4 quid cover, 4 quid beers, live music. we saw a couple local bands on a sat night, and one was a cover band. it's not a bad local joint, but kind of forgettable. there was decent amount of seating but half are standing. there was a hardcore moshpit of 3 people by the stage, which was more entertaining than the music. it wasn't too crowded to move around on a sat night. the age demo varied from 20s through 40+. aside from the covers, i could not understand a lick of scottish singing.
2	Entrance fee is a little ridiculous considering it's not like they have really good bands there (well, the night I was there at least).Beer selection is OK.  Full bar.  Crowded with mostly standing room.  Super loud.  I wouldn't go here to see great live music, or to find a good pub.  If you want a place where the bargoers are a little lively, then maybe you'd like this, if the cover doesn't turn you away.  It is pretty centrally located, but then again so are a bunch of other bars in the area...
4	Live music bar next to Royal Mile in Edinburgh. Drinks are very cheap at certain times of the day and has a good mixture of people not just youngsters. Hard to find a seat but then again who wants to sit when a bands playing anyways. As mentioned before it is open late 7 days a week , we normally go there before we head into town.
3	I have never been too keen on Whistle Binkies. It's quite dark and perhaps rustic and cave like which gives it a bit of character. But the drinks are so expensive that you probably won't spend a lot of time here.The main reason I ever have for going to Whistle Binkies is to see a friend or band play live music. I have yet to see a band play in here and actually sound good. Something about the equipment or acoustics just don't work for me as even the best singer can sound off in here. I saw a Rage Against the Machine cover band in here which was quite entertaining as everyone leaped around, but it quickly got very cramped and very sweaty. I wouldn't go here for a quite drink because as they have live music most nights, it gets very loud and you could end up having to endure something pretty painful.
2	Whistle Binkies is a confusing one. I have had some completely different experiences here- once I came across a great jam session and had a fantastic time and the next time it was just plain awful- the clientele seemed to be mostly sleazy old men pretending to be hot shots and the music was bad. It's a live music bar and you don't really approach here for the over-priced drinks- rather for who is playing. The variety is so random so I can't really classify it as a particular genre of music place. Check their website is my best bet.The location is just off the Royal Mile and seems to be surrounded by drunk and puking in the early hours neds.However, you can easily leave and go to one of the many other establishments in the area- so you aren't exactly stuck in the middle of no where if you decide you don't like it.  It's a bit too hot and cold though to rely your night on, but on a positive note you may get a great night out of it.
4	I'm not sure why this place is getting so slated.Yes, its dark, cramped and dirty.Yes, its expensive.Yes, you get old men sweating away next to twenty-somethings off thier face.Yes, the live music is often terrible.BUT - i still like this place, theres just something about how all these crap things come together that makes Whistle Binkies fun and a good night out. I promise.
4	This is just the kind of establishment that live music should be viewed in of a random evening. Anywhere that is similar to an underground, dimly lit cave, which allows you entry to its alcoholic bellows after 1am, is exactly where I want to be. The crowd in here is a mix of students, classic rock types, live music devotees and individuals like me who stay out far beyond their bed time, when they should be getting their beauty sleep for work the next day. Binkies has long been known for its commitment to live music and local bands, and I've seen some really unexpectedly good acts perform here. I like the random charm of not knowing what to expect from whoever is coming on stage next, which is what makes pitching up here for some impromptu gig viewing really enjoyable.
3	Whistle Binkies is one of the most well known bars in Edinburgh which offers live music every night! From rock, prog, folk and indie, this place will have live bands which match your musical taste! I keep coming back to this place partly due it's range of live bands but also partly due to the lack of live music in the area during the week! Apart from that, the place is always busy at the weekends and has a very cosy atmosphere, apart if your sit near the back door, in which case you will continually get a draft! Apart from the live music and warm atmosphere this place is very pricey for drinks! For a live music venue bar, prices are very steep compared to other venues! For students this is the downside, but for tourists, the prices are not a major concern (This bar is popular with tourists due to its closeness to the Royal Mile). Great live music, shame about the price for drinks!
3	Whistle Binkies is, as Matthew says, one of the best known live music bars in the centre of Edinburgh.  It's also the place where many a local band will start their run to hoped-for musical stardom.  It's not that large on the inside, and so on a busy night there is no hope of getting somewhere to sit, and you will inevitably end up being uncomfortably close to a complete stranger.But this merely adds to the atmosphere.  It's the sort of thing that you'd expect from a small music venue.  I haven't been in a while, but I don't doubt that it retains its charm.  You never really know how the bands are going to turn out - but you could find yourself  with some genuinely good music on display.
2	Whistle Binkies, oh, Whistle Binkies. How you smell so rank! I have never, ever, been to Whistle Binkies except as a last resort. Possibly because I have an incredibly sensitive nose, and Whistle Binkies pushes that nose to despair. Possibly because I've not once seen a good show here. As noted in at least one of the reviews of this place, Whistle Binkies is most definitely full of an array of sleazy men, which I find always reflects on the venue itself, rather than on the sleazy men. Something attracts these people to this place. The one good thing about Whistle Binkies, though, is that it stays open way later than most places in Edinburgh. By places, I mean pubs. Apart from Whistle Binkies, if you want to stay out drinking, then you have to go to a club. But if all you want to do is just sit down, have a pint, and have a chat, Whistle Binkies seems to be the only place you can go.
4	i've never paid a cover to get in here.  maybe this is a new policy or only on certain nights??  maybe i just go too late night for them to bother???  i wouldn't pay a cover to get in.  the drinks cost enough.it's dirty, it's stinky, the crowd is hit or miss.  but i love it.  even when it's bad it's good.  sometimes, the bands are so horribly bad, it seems like they're winding you up.  other times, you can't believe you're in on the discovery.  usually a pretty fun international crowd.   lots of tourists looking for a good time and locals all mixed up in a happy drunken stew.
4	I was in Edinburgh for a week. I went in on the first night. I came back every following night. ~3 bands _each_ night. Decent beer selection, including cask ales, cheap but very good whisky.Most bands were very good, the other ones weren't bad either. If you have only few nights to spend in Edinburgh, don't miss this.
4	Like down to earth pubs?  Love listening to live music?  Then Whistle Binkies is the place for you.  They have live bands playing 7 days a week, loads and loads on the line up each day.  Check out the website to see what's on - http://www.whistlebinkies.com/gigs/  It also describes the music genre so you can plan your night depending on your tastes.  With lots of drink promotions, a spacious bar and room for a boogie this really is a great little spot.  Open until 3am every night this is a great alternative to the Edinburgh club scene.  They also hold open mic nights if you want to show off your talents.
4	Nette Location mit netten Leuten vor und hinter der Bar und super Live Music!!!War ein sehr gelungener Abend!!!Immer wieder gern!!!
1	Popped in one afternoon as I hadnt been in this pub for 7 years or so and fancied a quick pint, and to revisit the place too. I have not left a pint in years because it was so bad till I came here. Complained to the bar staff they didnt care. I noticed that the alcoves that I used to love have had some weird seating added to them rather than than the big tables that were once there. The seating was really odd and uncomfortable. I would avoid unless your mates bad or similair is performing here. Really disappointed such good memories of the firendly staff, good pints and drunken evenings.
3	We went here at the recommendation of some locals. It was the only place they could think of when we asked some random people on the street where we could find some drinks and live music.It was an interesting band. Sort of classic rock style. Decent sized crowd. We were able to sit ourselves down in one of the nooks with a couch. Unfortunately this meant we couldn't see the band, but it was quite loud so we had no trouble hearing it.Honestly, as a college group from America, every single place we went had very nice and helpful locals who were super chill and cool. We made some awesome friends with other people that wanted to party. Not here. Just being foreigners almost got us into a fight. There were quite a few older blokes. Guys pushing 40 or 50 who were trying to impress the ladies. They were not at all happy with us moving in on their turf. A couple of older drunken gents wanted to "step outside" when we danced with some college aged girls they apparently thought they owned the rights to.Things at the bar were like this too. When we went up to the bar and asked what beers and whiskeys they had that were Scottish (I mean we didn't go overseas to drink Bud Light) some guys in line behind us got super mad and grumbled under their breath about "stupid Americans holding up the queue".No cover charge, and drink prices were reasonable by American club standards. The service was pretty quick and the bartenders were friendly. We took off and went elsewhere. Couldn't find live bands anywhere else, but we didn't feel welcome here.
3	Whistle Binkies is a hit and miss kinda place; it's very much defined by the style of music that's on. If it's your scene, it's a great pub. I've had great nights in here listening to classic rock and blues bands; equally I've had awful nights listening to Jazz and Ska.The space in front of the stage is generally a no go as it's populated by drunk folk that are convinced they can dance and have no qualms about battering into any and all.The bar staff are rushed off their feet but maintain at least a forced smile and cheeriness about them at all times, and the bouncers on the door are highly pleasant and good at their job.The beers on tap are usually decent, and the prices... well, they're not bad. I've seen cheaper in Edinburgh, but that's the live music premium, I'd imagine.It's a nice wee place to pop in and spend some time, but check the listings on the website first!
5	This place was reasonably priced with great live music and locals. Was there on a Sunday night, still very lively and funky!
1	Quite possibly the WORST place I have been to.  I didn't mind the trashy interior floors with alcohol spillage and rubbish all over as much as the HORRIBLE staff.  They are rude and need desperate training on how to treat paying guests.  The way they treat foreigners is shocking and uncalled for.  The young guy and blond haired girl are especially rude.  They should stick to cleaning the floors and not making eye contact with other humans, since they stink at it.  To top it off they can not mix drinks (bartending 101?!).  CLEARLY, will not be returning here, nor, will I send friends unless they make the changes behind the bar.  PS. I wish I can give this place NO stars :(
