5	This is one of the best pizza spots in Charlotte. Excellent pizza, I always order it well done, I like mine crispy.  The sauce is great and I think they use a semolina flour, which makes the pizza way better.  Great place to hit with the kids.  Atmosphere is plain old pizza parlor and you have to get your lazy butt out of the chair to get your order, but it's worth it.
5	Classic ny style pizza in Charlotte. Luigi a displaced Italian splits his time between stores but it doesn't affect the quality ... This place is top notch.
4	Le sigh. I miss the Luigi's that used to be in Dilworth, right next to the Teeter on East Blvd. I miss their giant, cheesy slices with just the right amount of grease and crispity crunchity crust. When Luigi's left their spot in Dilworth, I think I shed at least a few tears. But alas, here's how it went down last weekend when we were driving around Steele Creek...Hubs: "So, you're hungry, right - what are you in the mood for?"Me: "Mmm, I don't know. Something quick would probably be best."Hubs: "K, how about Chick-Fil-A?"Me: "Ehhh, no. I'd love a big ole slice of pizza. Let me get out my Yelp app."Me: "Stop the car, I see Luigi's! Done. Pizza. Thanks."I popped right in, grabbed a slice o' cheese to go for $2.25, a cup for water and stuffed my face while we made our way back north. A few things to note about this location:1) There is quite a bit of seating, and naturally, kiddos love pizza. Lots of seats, lots of pizza, lots of kids. Just sayin'. 2) If you want a side of anything with your 'za (ranch, marinara, etc.) expect to pay for it. Literally. A side of ranch (requested by another patron) was $.50. While I understand the need to cover costs, it seems a bit silly (until people start abusing it, I suppose). 3) Don't even think about trying to scam soda into your water cup. You shouldn't be doing it anyway (just buy the damn soda if you want one), but there is a big, bright sign that threatens back payment if the Luigi's staff sees soda in your clear cup. Again - a bit of overkill, but I get it. Luigi's - please come back to Dilworth or South End or somewhere closer to Uptown so I can further stuff my face with your delicious slices!
5	Simply, the best NY-style pizza I have ever found in this area.And this is coming from a NY transplant who's been here since 1997.Finally--good pizza!!!Now all of us Yankees can stop complaining.  :)PS:  Just one "complaint:"  A freshly baked pie is molten liquid hot!!!  I burn myself every single time, but it's worth it.  Don't change a thing.
4	We had the Pizza, Garlic Knots and side salad. The side salad was nothing special, but the garlic knots were great.. lots of flavor, served hot with a side of Marinara. The pizza was excellent. A little overcooked, making it a little more crispy then we would have liked but we will certainly be back again.There is a lot of seating but it is cramped. If you get ANYTHING larger than a 16" Pizza, it FILLS the table. Overall, very good. We will likely go back.
3	Pretty good pizza, if you're down for thin crust. Nothing spectacular, but not disappointing. You'll get a legit pizza. Enough said.
3	OK, I still LOVE the pizza.  Unfortunately, my non-pizza-loving hubby ordered a meatball sub and was really disappointed at the scant amount of meatballs.  "All bread, no balls" was how he described it.  He said it was tasty but that he'd request extra meatballs next time.I ordered a "side salad" with a slice of their DEEE-LISH pizza.  Their idea of a salad consisted of a heaping bed of pale iceberg lettuce, tons of black olive slices (which I don't like, but that's my problem), and one thick slice of tomato.  Really? I will come back again and again, but just for the pizza.
5	The pizza here is magnifico! If you like old pizzeria-style pizza, this is the place to go!I wish they were more on my side of town, but I guess they don't want to compete with Mario's (insert your own Nintendo joke here). A slice of pizza is as big as your thigh. Flavor-wise, it's just simple pizzeria pizza. Good amount of toppings and cheese but I wish it had a tad more sauce.Garlic knots are nice and greasy the way they were meant to be.Avoid the location a few miles north in that Wal Mart shopping center at lunch time. The food and service is fine, just the parking lot is too small. There's a popular Chinese-buffet place a couple of doors' down that hordes the parking lot. The locations are too close together, IMO. Spread a little love, Luigi. Come back to the Dilworth area or spread your goodness to Union County or Matthews.Your pal,Walter
4	I LOVE their Italian sub here.  So good!  On top of that, it's a very clean place with great customer service.  They are quick with getting your meal out to you, and the food is always fresh.
4	Best pizza that we have found in Charlotte. This coming from someone who grew up in New York and a wife from Chicago. However, the WallMart location makes a better pie (pizza that is).
4	Luigi's *other* location, this one is in Steele Creek. "Whatever we can do to get more great pizza in the hands of great Charlotteans," I imagine someone said when they opened this outlet. Because, yes, it's great pizza. Huge New York sized slices, nice and thin crust that's just thin enough that it folds over but won't stay straight and with just the right amount of cheesy drippiness. Yummy!Parking spots are itty bitty (the pizza is bigger!) and the place can fill up during the busier times. Keep in mind that a "large" pie for take out here is really large - it's what other places would call a "jumbo". But hey, it's great pizza.
5	The Best of the Best!  The pizza is definitely NY style. And the chicken parm sub is very good too! Grazie Luigi and Anthony and the staff at Steelecreek!
2	I wanted to like it, but it fell flat. First of all I told the girl who answered the phone what size (a large) and what toppings we wanted on our pizza. She responded by asking me if I wanted an extra large or a Super. I restated that I wanted a large, then she asked what I wanted on it, apparently not catching any of what I said. We ordered 2 toppings, nothing fancy.The crust was undercooked. A big no no when you've got thin crust pizza, It needs to be cooked to stand up to toppings. Also there is a delicate balance when it comes to how much sauce, cheese, additional toppings on a thin crust in particular.  There was just way too much everything. The pizza was heavy and soggy. The flavor itself was alright. I'd give it a C+, but the undercooked crust and too much topping made this pizza an overall disappointment. I've heard people say that it's better if you eat in. Perhaps I would try it again, but the lack of good customer service plus crappy pizza was disappointing.
5	I haven't had New York pizza from New York, but from what I'm led to be believed what New York pizza is, this place has it.
2	Don't get me wrong. I love pizza! thin crust, thick crust, I doesn't matter as long as it has flavor. This pizza does not have flavor. Even the Stromboli was... meh! It's one thing to make a huge pizza (bravo!), but it's quite another to make it taste better than tomato paste on a cracker. (The cheese adds no flavor)So, if you're just looking to fill your stomach, one slice is plenty. If you want to enjoy your pizza and plan for the next time you'll order it, go somewhere else.
5	Real New York Pizza in Charlotte!!  Steele Creek store is excellent, South Tryon by Walmart isn't as good.
3	As far as Charlotte pizza goes this place is prob one of the best.  That being said, they market themselves as NY pizza.  I am from NY and this is def NOT NY pizza.  The pies are big but way over priced.  Their sauce is borderline horrible!  We ordered a chicken parm hero and got a deep fried chicken breast with no seasoning on some soggy bread and tasteless sauce.  I will prob continue to go there for the pizza on occasion but I wouldn't recommend anything else.
4	Very good NY style pizza.  Actually reminds me of a pizza shop near Greenwich Village in NYC. I hear their wings are good thanks to a guest who was from Buffalo that offered to come into the kitchen and show them how to make wings! But, I haven't tried them. The seating isn't very comfortable and difficult for large groups.  But if you are looking for a quick slice, this is the place!
5	Best calzone I have eaten in the Charlotte area.  Lots of ricotta.  They are always pack full and they don't skimp on the meat (I like to get pepperoni and sausage).  Pizza is real good.  I haven't been to NY, so can't compare.  They are huge.  The smallest pizza box won't even fit in my fridge.Philly sub is awesome and of course, loaded up!Oh yeah, garlic bread with cheese is a great...really cheesy with butter and garlic!  Mmm!
5	Both locations produce great pizza and have a friendly staff. The slices are giant! Also the crust is cooked perfectly, so that it it's slightly crispy and complements the pizza..the jumbo is enough for two meals for a family of 4
5	My family has been a fan for years. Pizza is fantastic, as close to "New York Style " as you can get here in Charlotte. Portions are huge, you definitely get a lot of food for the price. There is a reason why they are still in business after all these years, and why they have more than one location. They have a great selection of other items as well, you won't be disappointed.
5	Awesome pizza and almost  like it better heated up at home. Great cheese steaks also Nuff said!
1	I'm really disappointed I had high expectations because of the good reviews on here. First, I had call wanted to place a delivery order, but they inform me that they do not deliver so I decided to pick it up.  The fried ravioli were ok, it has a thin cheese filling. The garlic knots have a good flavor but the texture however was kinda spongy.Now let's talk about the pizza, it is so bland! I can't even taste the sauce nor the cheese. It kinda reminds me of the pizza from my middle school cafeteria,which it also taste a slightly better than this place. I would not return. sorry !
2	Ordered the Lugis special pizza...first time here. Did not taste like NY Pizza at all. Pizza was bland and like watery (not a yummy oily watery, but literally watery). I gave it 2 stars because when the pizza got cold it tasted better  (also had to add enough crushed red pepper and oregano to give it some taste). Anyway, we tried it and won't be going back.
5	Best pizza I ever had. I was worried about moving from New York to north Carolina and not being able to have real NY pizza but man we found this place and man its amazing. Friendly staff, love that the owner is actually involved in cooking and everything. If I could eat one thing forever without getting sick or fat it would be luigis pizza.
5	This was probably one of the best pizzas by the slice I've had in Charlotte.  We stopped in on a whim to square our stomachs before a party.  When our name was called and these giant surfboards of pizza came out we all kind of freaked out a little bit.
4	Great and affordable Italian,  $50 for a family of 4. Good deal.  Had to wait a little because they cook everything from scratch.
3	Good NY style pizza.  Not the best.  Disappointed that they don't make homemade ranch.  The service is fast and always ready when u get there.  They don't deliver contrary to some sites.Their pastrami sub had excellent flavor but was light on the meat...I guess all pastrami sandwiches aren't piled high?Great to support a local pizza place.  Will go back but not my first choice.
