3	I've stopped here for gas a few times, but since Costco is so close, there's really no need to pay their premium.  What I'm normally here for, as I was today, is to get the free papers--the Las Vegas Weekly, CityLife, and Vegas Seven magazines.  I like to read these, and I enjoy the print versions.Staff has always been friendly when they see me come for the free papers.  It looks like a well stocked convenience mart.
4	I love to stop at this location. It is big. The parking and gas area is very roomy too. The staff is always friendly and it is conveniently located near my bank as well yummy food spots. The store is clean.
5	Good option to putting gas.  If you are driving down Charleston, from Hualapai - you will pass by FOUR Terrible Herbst stations before you hit Red Rock.This one is convenient because it's next to a CVS and Albertsons.  It is less busy than the Chevron across of Red Rock Casino, that is for sure!Never had an issue here.  The station property is large so you aren't as crammed and never had any issues with the store, the pump or the air/water station.
3	I stop and get gas here all the time and usually it is fine.  Today.. not so much.  The first pump I pulled up to was out out order but there wasn't a tag.. just the credit card reader electronic message which I didn't see until tank was open, I slid the card and it didn't work.  I moved to another pump and started the gas going while hitting the windshield cleaner.   Either someone had put way to much cleaner in (most stations have the opposite problem.. just water) or some jackass added something sticky because it was like wax smeared on my windshield.  I got half way though the front window and realized it wasn't recoverable... and got in the car and turned on the wipers and spray to get of the sticky smeared stripes from the squeegee Ironically, the window wasn't all that dirty to start with so I left with a dirtier window and a lighter wallet.
4	This store is located on the corner of Towncenter Dr and W Charleston. It has pretty much everything the store down the street has except for a car wash.This gas station is much easier to enter and exit from W Charleston than the other Terrible Herbst down the street in front of Costco. That is what I like about this location. If they had a car wash here I would probably come to this location  more often as opposed to going to the location near Costco, as I do.The staff here is friendly and I don't recall ever having to wait in line too long.
3	A bit more expensive than others in the area, but at the same time a whole lot more convenient and cleanly.
4	Every morning before work I stagger inside for some go go juice, snacks, what have you and no matter who is working, they are kind and friendly. Occasionally I may gas up the family truckster but by modus operandi here is usually snacks and caffeine. They also have a good selection of free mags here so you can keep up to date on events during breaks at work or lunch. Handy to avoid chit chat with coworkers if you're doomed to lunch in a cafeteria and can't leave work.
