3	Guitar Center is contemporaneously one of my favorite and least favorite places on earth. It heaves at you a hearty helping of goodness with some bad mixed in, and it's up to you to take from the experience what you choose to. Here's the deal: The Pros: I play guitar. And I could burn an entire day in here with all of the toys and instruments that they liberally allow customers to tinker with, no problem. They seem to understand that even if you clearly won't buy the $4,000 Taylor hanging high on the wall that you just have to play it, for atleast a few minutes, and they let you. Most independent guitar shops won't let you even touch guitars like that unless you look ready, willing and able to buy the thing.  In addition to that, despite the name, it's not just guitars they're slinging over there. They have drums and all kinds of percussion, as well as any kind of simulator, sampler or pedal you can think of to play around with. It's like a free Disneyland for musicians. The Cons: As I stare at the beautiful, super high-end guitars glowing underneath the harsh lighting, it occasionally occurs to me: I WILL NEVER OWN THAT GUITAR. I WILL NEVER BE ABLE TO DROP $20 G's ON AN INSTRUMENT. That's a bad feeling. On top of that, there is the local shredder. If you have ever been inside a Guitar Center, you know what I'm talking about. At every GC in the United States, I am convinced that they hire someone to play Megadeth solos over and over with the amp blaring just to be sure that a-holes like me won't stay too long playing the instruments they'll never buy. Next time you go in, listen for the obnoxious fingertapped solos coming from the corner. That's him, and he would like you to get going. In Phoenix, we are lacking in the way of independent music shops, and those that do exist have limited selections. When I need something music related, I come here. It's as simple as that. It's convenient and there are things I like about it. I just wish I could stay longer.
2	This store is on a short list of places my fiance refuses to go into.  The list consists of Guitar Center and Ikea.   While I am a fan of the latter I have to agree that going into Guitar Center has become like nails on a chalkboard to me.First of all, it is loud as to be expected with a store that sells musical instruments. But this store is loud in a chaotic, disarming, and jarring way.  As Jake C. pointed out there will always be someone shredding on a guitar with the volume on 11.  There will always be some guy in the drum room showing off his double bass skills.  In addition to the folks that use this store as their own musician's showcase you have the staff who really ruin any chance this store has of keeping me as a customer.  It is inevitable that when I go in here the employee behind the counter is going to be so caught up in some conversation with Pimply Tommy about his punk band he is starting that I wait for at least 15 minutes to be helped. OR I am immediately approached and the employee tries to talk to me using all kinds of lingo to see just how much I know about drums.  Look 'Sticks' or whatever fun nickname you have put on your name tag, I don't play drums, I am just trying to save you from having my fiance come in here and start a riot because it takes 20 minutes to get some  $%^# drum sticks!!  My fiance ordered stand parts from here once and I had to wait for 10 minutes before someone helped me and then another 20 minutes while they searched for the parts that they had just called and told us arrived an hour before.I have to give them 2 stars just because they do stock a huge variety of musical instruments and accessories.  But this store is one of the main reasons I am so glad we can shop on the internet.
2	This GC is the worst in the state, IMO.First of all it's smaller than the other locations I have been to. They also have higher prices. I guess that's what you get being in Scottsdale.The last time I went in I needed a standard bass case. After waiting around for about 15 minutes to get some help, I finally got some assistance from an associate. I asked about the bass cases and he knew very little despite the fact that he worked in the department. I finally said, fine.. I will take that one. The guy disappeared into the back for literally 20 minutes. He came back and no-go. They dint have any, dint know when they will have any in stock again. Customer service is bad. Small store. Overpriced. Go to one of the other locations if you ask me.
2	Growing up in Pasadena, California, it was always a treat to make the trip to Hollywood to visit "THE" Guitar Center, spend the afternoon there, and really see a lot of cool stuff and cool people. Well, now I'm old, married, I live in Scottsdale, and there's NOTHING cool about this place! I'll stop in if I desperately need something for a gig or rehearsal, but I'd rather avoid the place than go in and browse. That's a sad thing to say about GC... I used to work at the store in Covina, and I always loved going to any GC to check things out. Not so much anymore. Now, I buy nearly all my stuff on line, because even with shipping charges, I get it cheaper.
4	Reading the reviews below, I was a bit surprised.  I have gone to this same GC for my latest 2 instruments...an acoustic Yamaha guitar and a Fender bass, and in both instances, the help I was given was tremendous.  Both guys I spoke to were musicians, and both were willing to answer any question this relatively new guitar player had.  They guaranteed that their prices would beat anything out there, including on-line.  In fact, they have a computer hooked up there that you can search on to see if someone offers lower prices.  And as a full-time salesman myself, I really valued 2 parts of my experience: 1) both guys sold me guitars that were LESS expensive than the one I thought I wanted when I walked in and 2) they both called me a week after the purchase to see if I was happy with my purchase.  BOTH guys were enthusiastic when talking to me.  I absolutely love going to GC.  Yes, there are times when someone will be in there testing a guitar out, and they might actually be good! That doesn't scare me off...it inspires me to get better.  Man, it's a music store!  And I wouldn't consider myself a young kid...I'm 50 and I dig this place.  (they aren't asking me to write this review...I just know that it's not often when review sites get anything but negative experiences recapped.  Not saying the people below are wrong to express themselves...I'm just saying that it wasn't my experience and this location rocks.
1	Because of my noobness, the location is wrong, though they are mostly the same, I couldn't figuer out how to change the address..   I want to say the Scottsdale location is better than the Tempe one and the one I mentioned in Oregon. I saw a sweet Johnny Winter signed 67 SG that I did have a stiffy for. But 8grand, please.. Bizaar will get my 8 grand long before GC does.. OK There are no pros for this crappy place except getting to bang out or explore options before I purchase somewhere, anywhere else. First off the reason they have these incredible blowout sales is because the equipment is always inflated or wrecked. The guitar set up is the worse you can get, though no fault of the few good folks that work there. My advice, just go there to beat up crap like everyone else and then purchase online or somewhere else. I saved $1300 on a digital recorder from Yamaha, then went to Guitar Center (in Oregon) for some cables and mics. I was nagged at by a dude there wanting a commision.. I told him $1300 bucks DUDE!!! They never give you a deal on what you need, just what they want to sell...
2	Unimpressed with the lack of attention and follow through of the employee in the guitar accessory area. Wasted over an hour of my time only to find out they didn't have the part in stock. I suggest you try Milano's Music in downtown Mesa instead - better selection and MUCH better service.
2	Pros: tons of equipment of various price points to try out; price matching of any online or brick/mortar authorized distributor (non-bundled items only)Cons: everything else
1	Complete and total lack of customer service.They want you money and that's all ....I won't be back
5	Great used prices. Staff is friendly as well. Lots of high end gear compared to the Phoenix store.
1	Everyone there gets enjoyment out of belittling you....  Nothing frustrates me more than 20 year olds with stupid haircuts and neck tattoos attempting to make me feel like you know nothing about your craft... I have been playing guitar and dealing with equipment longer than most of the associates have been alive....  I went in there for a Line 6 Shortboard, which I called in advance for so it would be ready when I got there, and when I DID get there, the associate I was dealing with tried selling me $100 mogami cables and other junk before he would even SHOW me the damn pedal board... He proceeded to tell me how many cables I would need and wouldn't let it go...   Do you really think I don't own cables? I have a whole gym bag full of good quality cables.... Do you think I didn't research my Item before I called you and gave you the exact name and specs of a product you knew nothing about when I called?  Jog on you clown....
5	LOVE this place!This is the place to go for any music equipment.  They even have weekend guitar lessons for free.  Also, they will price match with any competitor.  I understand it can be kind of intimidating to talk to the staff.  They are like the Genius Bar of the music world.  But they really are just there to help you.  I buy all of my guitars and equipment from here.  I always receive a follow up email about a week after purchase just checking up and making sure I like the product. That's top notch customer service.
5	The personnel make this store exceptional.William in Pro Audio and Keyboards gave me great help in selecting the best equipment for my pro needs. Excellent follow up made me even more happy with my purchase decisions.
5	I really like this place. They make me feel like a human being and as a beginning guitar enthusiast I'm glad that they were able to accommodate my needs. I just started and as a beginner I couldn't be more pleased. Highly recommend! Thanks Guys and Gals! You're help is greatly appreciated!
5	I never thought I'd buy another guitar but I did and a nice one at that after coming in for some cords and a power supply for my distortion pedal. What I really appreciate about these good people is that they don't try and push you into a product you have no budget for or don't need. I really appreciate their honesty and desire to help. I can emphatically say that" I Love This Place!"And now the rest of the story....My mini schnauzers chewed my cords to my amplifier and distortion pedal power supply cable. Needless to say I had to replace them. Ah well. It happens. But I was looking at purchasing an acoustic/electric guitar...maybe a Fender, Gibson or a Martin. All are great brands and I came across a nie Ibanez. It was awesome, and the last one too. It was love at first sight. Next thing I know I've got a case, strap, an awesome guitar and the cables I needed. I can't wait to visit them again. Fantastic place and good people.
5	best service any music lover could ever ask for! i bought my first guitar from this location a while back and i recently just stopped in to buy my first pedal for my guitar. i have to say that Zachary (i believe thats his name.. slightly ginger hair, short scruffy beard) helped me out so much! he spent over an hour and a half with me showing me/ letting me play just about every pedal they had out. he not only took the time to teach me how the pedal worked and what certain settings do and what sounds they make (as I've never used a pedal before in my life) but he also really took an interest as to what sounds i am into as far as playing goes and was also showing me cool sounds with different combinations of pedals that he thought would work well with my sound. he didn't try and push me toward any certain pedal just to get me out of there, he helped me to experiment with each sound to let the right pedal find me. his expertise helped me narrow down the selection and ultimately pick the perfect pedal. i walked out of there feeling extremely confident and happy with the choice of pedal, i was super anxious to get home and start experimenting!!! i from now on will ALWAYS be buying any future pedals/guitars from this guitar center, they know what they are doing. thanks so much zachary!!
4	This is a good guitar center.  It wasn't too noisy or overcrowded as guitar centers are wont to be, and the workers were super friendly and knowledgeable.  Good selection of the common guitar center endorsed brands.  Used gear was available but not a ton of selection there, but enough that I'll be back to take another look.
5	OK Well, what more can I say about this place? It's DANGEROUS!!!! Sorry honey but I just love guitars. The way they look, sound and feel. Now it's no lie that I like collecting things but I love collecting guitars and am blessed with a couple from this place. Wild Bill is a great guy and he is just so down to earth. Go and see him. He's very passionate and knowledgeable. But be careful...you go in for one thing...you'll come out with many things! I would encourage you all to check this place out and when you buy a stock guitar, get the strings changed asap. Buy the extended warranty and keep your investments safe and sound. Always a pleasure and always a joy! Love it!
3	Guitar Center is basically your big box store for music lovers. They have all the things you need to get you started as well as some nicer stuff for the more seasoned musician.This location is convenient and it is on my way home from work. The inventory here is pretty large and you can usually pick up what you need. Normally come in here for some Guitar Strings or maybe some other accessories.Service is friendly and somewhat helpful. Some days are better than others and you can tell when they are out of sync.We bought a mid range priced acoustic guitar here and it both plays very nice and has a great sound. Picked up a cool Guitar Tuner on my last visit and it clips right on to the end. Super easy to read and it makes you sound like a pro.Most of my higher end Guitars and equipment that I've purchased over the years were acquired in smaller shops that had a better selection of custom equipment. My latest Signature Series Strat just happened to come out of Tucson. Nice!Do your homework before buying any type of musical instrument and make sure you play them for a good time before purchasing them. Each one can have a different sound and feel.Good luck on your purchase and remember that when someone screams to turn it down. Just tell them ... MY AMP GOES TO ELEVEN!3 STARS
