1	I injured my ankle on May 15 2009 , I was told that it was a sprain. But after three months I STILL could not walk properly. Because it was a work injury , I had to see Concentra who instead of referring me to physical therapy- assigned me to a Pain Management specialisthree months later. He referred me to go see Dr. Raissi. I was so excited, thinking "FiNALLY" someone will help me with my ankle. I got to the office and they took more x-rays. I waited approximately 2 hours in the office. I was getting frustrated but when his nurse came he was awesome , he looked at the x-ray and said "Wow- no wonder you are having pain you broke the tip of your tibia off.YIKES! I thought but I also thought "YES! I am not crazy no wonder I still can't walk without crutches or a cane"He left the room and the doctor came in. He NEVER looked at the X-Ray - but came in reading the report from Concentra that said that I had an ankle sprain.He immediately said - "It is a sprain there is NOTHING I can do for you" My boyfriend and I both just looked at him in shock ... like "are you serious????"He got indignant when I looked shock and said "Do you not think it is a sprain?" I said "NO I do NOT think it is a sprain" He reasoned that sprains take time to heal and yada yada yada.Me I had a jackhammer going off in my brain because I couldn't listen any more.. Now I am thinking what a jerk! He didn't even bother talking to me or looking at the films of my foot.We started walking out since he ... dismissed us.and the nurse said " Hey guys will we be seeing you next week?"I said "NO" and he did a double take... "What?!" I looked and told him "He says it isn't broken" He looked at me again and shook his head .. yeah he knew he was an a$$hat too.I would have given them a half star but the nurse was like 10 stars by himself. the doctor isn't even worth a star.Take your health into your own hands and Don't see this guy!!!!
5	I have used Dr Raissi for the repair of a torn achilles tendon. His bedside manor has been superb and very polite. When I dirt went in he said right away what I had suspected. I had torn my other one 2 years earlier so I knew what had happened. He scheduled the surgery right away and I am already on the road to recovery. What a great doc.
4	I saw Dr. Raissi for Plantar Fasciitis and Tarsal Tunnel Syndrome. He was VERY knowledgeable but somewhat aloof and disinterested. He knew from talking to me and looking at the x-rays exactly what was wrong and gave me the option to try physical therapy or go straight for surgery. I appreciated that he did not want to operate right away (as many surgeons do). While he was distant and cold in the appointments, he was great on the day of surgery and very comforting. His office staff is amazing and always available by phone. Anytime I had questions, he and his staff would offer to have me come in right away. Overall, great experience with Dr. Raissi
5	He is a very knowledgable and thorough. He takes his time and explains the situation to you. Staff is friendly and complete. You can trust this man with your joints!
1	horrible. did bunionectomy and hammertoe surgery and botched them both. when confronted, he said, "what do you want me to do?". when I said "I'd like you to fix it", he said, I can't do that for free. have to do it again. this time not taking ay chances and doing it at hospital for special surgery in nyc.awful. don't make the mistake I did.
5	I had a total dislocation of my left foot.  Dr Raissi, explained everything and stayed with me until all my questions were answered.  He was honest and straight forward. After my first surgery he asked me if i remembered what i said when i woke up.....he did. It took 2 surgeries and 6 months....but i walk, run whatever without issues.  The hospital emergency room said it was the worst dislocation they had seen.  Dr Raissi did a great job.
