5	Incredible American restaurant, with fantastic food and wine, and some nice American beers too. I had the best tuna steak ever in this place. It's not a burger type restaurant, it's real sit-down food. It's worth noting that the place is tiny, so make sure to book in advance. A favourite for me.
4	This has got to be our "go-to" place in Edinburgh for a relaxed meal out. We always seem to end up here and have brought various people here to share a meal with us. The menu is very reasonable - around 23 i think for 3 courses (and you can also add on an extra course of cheese for a little more!!) The wine list is fabulous and they have a policy of not adding on more than 5 extra charge than you would pay for the bottle in the shops which is very cool. This is certainly where the Californian influence comes in and the guys in charge really know their stuff. The quality throughout the price ranges of the wine list is excellent and you can often pick up a bottle to take home from their Sideways wine shop next door. We now are living in Boston MA for a bit, and we enjoy spotting the wines that we have had at Calistoga. (many are not so readily available in wine shops in the UK)The menu perhaps at times can be a little limited which is why I 'm giving it 4 stars rather than 5 as  fussier eaters than me may struggle to find something as the ingredients and flavours are often a strange (but yummy) fusion of scottish/american/oriental. You always get a complementary bowl of edamame beans which are coated in a lovely spicy pepper thing and are soooo yummy - I am now so addicted to them! Oh - and the pancake cheesecake is certainly worth a try to top off the meal and if you can, split someone with the cheese platter as a 4th course - washed down with a glass of Califorinian dessert wine, naturally
5	This is by far my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh. I've lost count of how many times I've visited (going back tomorrow too!). The food is Californian style, but this doesn't mean burgers. The menu is completely different to any others I've seen. Ingredients are mixed in novel ways, and the presentation is always fabulous. For main courses, you have it just how you want it - you choose your main item (their seared fish is fantastic), the sauce to go with it, and the accompanying sides.All wines and beers are American, and they import a huge selection of wines which you can buy to take home too. It's not expensive for the quality of the food. The menu changes every month, so it's worth getting your name added to their mailing list. They also have a loyalty card. And the staff are absolutely lovely.If you've never been, do yourself a favour ASAP!
5	Finally a place where you feel that the owner cares about you and the restarant.So good food, all carefully thought out, we tried the scallops for example, it was completely fantastic.The meat for main course was tender and delicious with lots of flavors.Dessert was amazing aswell, I took the banana parfait.the wine was fantastic carefully selected by the owner, I guess3 courses for 23.50 and great wine for 4.00 very resonable price.Note. kind of funny is that the restaurant is inspired from California, Napa Valley and they have only American whiskey on the drink list:) dared to be in Scotland:)the only thing I am disappointed with the decor, they could make out a little more cozy, it does not feel so cozy, we eat with all the senses and surroundings are very important
4	I recently subjected Calistoga to my work's Christmas night out, and I can happily say that it's the best meal we've ever had for the celebration.  What impressed me the most was that I usually expect a meal which is churned out for 20 drunkards to be of a lesser quality to the restaurant's standard fare.  Calistoga, however, delivered a wonderful three course meal which I would have been happy to receive on any normal night when the kitchen and staff weren't maxed out.My tortilla soup starter definitely stole the show, but the zin braised beef was fantastic and the zinfandel we ordered to accompany the meal was not only gorgeous, it was very reasonably priced.  The desserts were nice, but really didn't hold a candle to the other two courses.  The only down side for me was the service.  We had two waitresses - one was fantastic and put up with us wonderfully, but the other was rude and snapped at people on a number of occasions.  I realise that a table full of druken revellers is every wait-person's worst nightmare, but if you take it well, you will be tipped accordingly.  Some of my coworkers were so put off by the second waitress that they weren't happy with the fact that service had been added into the bill.  Realizing that the service was likely a bit of a fluke related to the situation, I would be happy to return for some more wine and food from home.
4	Yeah, I had a very lovely meal here. Steak cooked to perfection and generally amazing. I ate on a set menu coupled with a wine tasting event. The gentleman leading the wine tasting was witty, dry and generally lots of fun and he didn't come over as a wine snob at all (although I suspect he is a major wine snob!). Would definitely come back here again. Only downfall for me was that it was quite pricey. If you're watching the pennies then maybe not the place for you.This restaurant is in the weirdest location - from the outside it looks like some kind of warehouse up a back alley in the new town. Really just quite odd for an eating establishment. Must be very difficult to drum up custom off the street and I suspect relies on a lot of word of mouth to get the punters through the door. Incredible wine selection and all from California. A place to come if you're feeling glum and need the Sunshine State to rub off some of its effervescence onto you.
4	Finding a venue for a work Xmas lunch of around 40 folk was always going to be bit of a challenge. I'd never heard of Calistoga when it was suggested and unless you've been or someone recommends it, you probably wouldn't. It's tucked up a lane off a lane, Rose Street North Lane, right round the back. Definitely too tucked away to stumble upon.  A bit of a blessing and a curse.  A blessing because it's a lovely little place with fab food and service, a curse because I'm not sure that I'd manage to find it again, especially in the dark if I've had a few drinks.To start I had the pork belly with chilli coleslaw.  I was a bit apprehensive, I love pork belly when it's done well and it's crispy but done badly, it's awful.  I took a gamble. I'm glad I did. Although it wasn't crispy, it was melt in the mouth. The chilli coleslaw was a lovely accompaniment.For main I had the lamb shank.  Again, melt in the mouth, lovely gravy.  Portion-wise it was a bit small, more veg would've been good. What was there was tasty.  Just not enough of it.Dessert was a lovely chocolate tart. It was perfect.Given our number they did a really great job of the food and the service.  I'd love to see what they do on a regular service and if the portions are better sized.  Maybe then it'd get the coveted five stars...
4	The only true fine dining a la California in Edina! We have used this restaurant on plenty occasions. Mostly for anniversaries and special date nights. They change their menus often and have a massive wine collection to boot. Quality of meals is (mostly) of a high standard. As we have dined here often we experienced the occasional slip-up, but that is only expected due to the frequency of our visits. Their former location contained most of my praises and I have completely overlooked to review their Rose Street restaurant. It is just a fabulous and well worth a visit.
4	Calistoga is one of those restaurants where you will be guaranteed to have a good meal. At least that is my experience, and I have visited it quite a few times.My last visit was with a voucher, unusual for Calistoga to offer vouchers - but it was a good excuse to go there again.Early dining spot, 6.15pm. Geeted warmly upon entering the restaurant and our table was in the back, a secluded spot. The waitress brought a little bowl of spicy nuts for tasters and took the orders.For starters I had pork belly and manchego balls. They were delicious, so full of flavour!Main course was a rib eye steak with a choice of sides and sauce. For me it was sweet potato fries and zinfandel jus. The steak was out of this world - SO tender and a perfect charcoal finish, not too much and not too little - just right. Whilst eating the steak I realised that the steak was probably better than what I have had at Kyloe.Dessert was shared - cheese cake three ways. So it was 3 different kind of flavours. It was delicious.Coffee to finish and the waitress brought a small bowl of chocolate raisins to the table. Calistoga offers wine tasting dinners on a regular basis. So you get to try great food and nice wines to match!
