5	I contacted Doug via Twitter and he showed up with his truck the next day at the school I'm attending. The food was great, quick and very affordable. I tried his special, short rib taco with asian salsa. At $1.50 per taco and an extra dollar for some delicious fries I was a happy camper. Follow curbside on Twitter @curbsidecafelv to find out where he will be stopping by next.Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
5	YES, I attended the @CurbsideCafeLV Grand Opening Celebration 7/24 at 6pm at Hellboys Tattoo on W Sahara Ave/Rainbow Blvd. YES, I was one of the 1st 50 to arrive and get a FREE burger + T-shirt. and YES I am still gonna write a review :)I am really enjoying the NEW #streetfood trend taking place here in #Vegas....I guess after KogiBBQ in LA blew up last year restauranteurs are starting to think mobile foodtruck are a real alternative to traditional sit down restaurants.Being that it was still 100+ at 6pm when I arrived I was content getting my burger,fries and drink and ducking into the first sign of shade I could find.I ordered the Hawaiian Burger & Fries -The girl taking the orders was real friendly and very efficient. The guys making the grub seemed nice as well but seemed focused on making things run as smoothly as possible--not alot of chit-chat:)The food was ready in about 5 minutes and looked GREAT!! The burger was Fresh and handmade with Fresh veggies and the fries hot & crisp!! Delicious!!I wanted to try some tacos but it was damn hot--have to save something for next time right? If you see this guy parked in a shopping center near you--do yourself a favor and stop by!!
4	The food around UNLV, generally, is pretty terrible. Whenever I get the heads up that there's a new spot in the vicinity, I'm usually one of the first to give it a shot. Even the 100+ degree heat couldn't stop me from stumbling in. I wasn't expecting much from a random food truck, but after reading the menu, this place wasn't messing around. It had some legit food; not just some standard run-of-the-mill snack bar food. They had a wide range of wraps, tacos, hot dogs, salads and custom burgers (ranging from Hawaiian burgers, turkey to boca). Prices weren't bad either. For $5, I walked out with two generously sized blackened mahi mahi tacos, which were awesome. I should have added some sweet potato fries for an extra $1, but I guess that'll be for another time.The only downside is walking through the scalding heat to reach this place. There's no AC around, so your best bet is to arrive by car and eat carside with the AC blaring. For the most part, the truck seems to be stationed mainly across the street from UNLV at the car wash lot. Occasionally, there is a special occasion that needs to be catered to, but I see the truck here fairly often. I check up on their Facebook page (http://www.facebook.com/pages/Las-Vegas-NV/Curbside-Cafe/129298443760458) to get a good update on schedules and locations.If you see this place, definitely stop by to try it. Sure, there isn't as much buzz around this truck as there is with the Slider Truck or Fuku Burger, but the food is definitely up there to keep coming back to.
5	You mean I can get a tandoori chicken sandwich with mango chutney from a TRUCK? The tandoori chicken sandwich was delightful. The chicken was juicy and well-marinated and the chutny was pungent yet sweet. The bun was grilled and was somehow old-fashioned in appearance. I also ordered a BBQ cheddar & bacon cheeseburger for my husband. The burger was damn tasty and the bacon was crispy and generous. We shared an order of sweet potato fries, but in hindsight we should have purchased two orders because they were so yummy. I couldn't figure out the flavors, but it seems like the fries may have a light batter or coating on them that make them different from other sweet potato fries.This is the sort of food that makes you raise your eyebrows in surprise after the first bite, then say "mmmm" after your second bite. After your fourth or fifth bite, you may look around and wonder who ate all of your food. Not only was the food awesome, the service was FAST. There were at least three people in front of me, and I was prepared to wait thirty minutes. I waited 5 minutes and I almost fell over from the shock. I made a comment about this to the chef and he responded, "well, this isn't our first rodeo."Indeed! They must spend quite a bit of time prepping everything before they head out for the day. I love that Las Vegas chefs are venturing into the world of street food.
4	I was happy to see this truck next to the slider truck last weekend @ the comic fest. I read about the fries and have been dying to try them. So I only ordered the sweet potato fries & ordered more food from another truck. They were so fresh and crisp. I am excited to try more of the menu next time. They have some good looking food. And they were super fast as well.
5	Terrific food truck!  I especially appreciate the fact it is outside my work everyday.  Because I'm a lazy food truck stalker.  If you are looking for something different, the calamari tacos are excellent.  So is the pulled pork sandwich.  But everything here is solid, burgers, fries, whatever.  Doug, the owner, does a great job and is super friendly to boot!Lately he's always at 3rd and Lewis next to the RJC during the week, except for Fridays he's at the business Costco on MLK.  If you've got jury duty, don't eat in the crappy (and expensive) cafe inside.  Brave the joys of security again and go outside for food from Doug!Follow him on Twitter to confirm locations (@CurbsideCafeLV) or check out his website or call!
4	One of the better trucks in Las Vegas. The thing that really stood out to me was the quality of the ingredients. Restaurant quality burger at the price of fast food place that comes from a truck, you can't get any better than that. Well worth your money because Curbside Cafe is the same price as its fellow competitors, but the burgers here are bigger. Fries are only additional $1. Try this truck out! You will not be let down. The only thing I'm asking for is that the all american burger should have had some type of special sauce, even if there is a condiment bar. Other than that, the food is great!
5	Mark your calenders everybody, CURBSIDE CAFE is parked at Hanshik Tacos home every Second Sunday of the month!  I was excited to hear that Curbside Cafe was gonna collabo with Hanshik and Snow Ono cuz I never had CC before! But  now that I have, it's really good! Prices are really cheap for what you get.  A more than full size burger for around 6 bucks and an extra dollar for a bed of french fries.I ordered the Baja Burger and the Sonoran Dog, both were HUGE!  The Baja Burger had a nice spicy kick AND a punch! Overall a good burger. The Sonoran Dog had a big kosher dog sliced down the middle with fresh, thin, crunchy onion strings on top of it and bacon and pico de gallo.  Flavor was definitely there. We didn't have to wait for our food long at all, food came super speedy fast.  Curbside Cafe has QUANTITY AND QUALITY! Like Arnold says.. "I'll be bock."
5	Hooray for 2nd Sundays @ Hanshiktaco! Not so much because I love Hanshiktaco. But more because it featured Curbside Cafe, a food truck that I've been wanting to try forever, and Snow Ono Shave Ice, a food bus that I've recently fallen in love with. Valentine's/Haterade Day has nothing on Snow Ono!Anyway, this is about Curbside Cafe. I tried their Blackened Mahi Mahi taco and their Calamari taco. It's only $5 for both. What a great deal! They are ridiculously delicious and a great size. In fact, the mahi mahi is dangerously close to not fitting inside that double tortilla. Yum, yum, and YUM!Usually with food trucks, I wait until I try more items before I give a five. I don't see a point with Curbside. It saves me from having to update my review after I try more items. And believe me, after that incredibly positive experience, I will definitely be trying more items. I really can't see a scenario where my rating drops below a five. Their food looks and tastes that amazing. And Doug is a great guy. Five stars all the way.
5	I had a chance to try Curbside Cafe at 2nd Sundays @ Hanshiktaco a couple of weeks ago. I had the Grilled Cheese with fries. It was so good ! The bread was nice and thick and it had 3 gooey cheeses in it. It's a must try for all of you grilled cheese lovers out there!
5	What can I say....Curbside Cafe has been a blessing to the downtown area! On behalf of all the state and federal employees that work in the downtown area I want to say THANK YOU for giving us the option of enjoying DELICIOUS and REASONABLY priced food instead of the bland and overpriced food in the court cafeteria! I love your guys' seafood tacos and sweet potatoes fries, but the Burgers are out of this world ( I highly recommend the Bacon Cheddar Burger). Please keep coming to the downtown area @ Lewis and 3rd!
2	I finally tried some of the food from the Curbside Cafe truck at the Costco Food Truck Fest #2 yesterday.  Overall I thought it was just okay at best.I tried their seafood tacos. The Blackened Mahi Fish Taco and also their Fried Calamari Taco, the prices charged are $3 each.  The size of the tacos were fairly large, but most of it were the fillers (lettuce).  The Mahi Fish Stick was about the length of the taco, and a little salty but otherwise has a decent flavor.  The fried calamari on my taco were cut quite thin and were overcooked.  It did not look anything like the thick juicy fried calamari that Paolo D took a picture of.I will chalk it up to it being an off day and give them a try again when I see them.  Since so many people that i follow have nothing but great things to say about Curbside Cafe.  Until then...
5	WOW. We stepped out of Sapphire gentleman's club at 5ish in the morning, with sunlight sneaking up on us. We're starving, about a $100 lighter and half asleep. Lo and behold, Curbside truck, the only food offering in a triple D breast size radius. I can't believe the truck guys are hustling this late. Kudos and a big thanks. We order the classic, hawaiian & jalapeno. All are fantastic. The fries are whatever but man, the burgers are to die for. My jalapeno burger came with a white salsa, breaded fried jalapenos & a brioche bun. Seriously, must must try. $6 for classic, $6.50-9 for others.
5	I am such a burger fiend that it honestly takes a mighty tasty burger to impress me these days.  Well congrats to Curbside, because they have not only one tasty burger on the menu...they actually have two!The Baja Burger is awesome!  The hamburger patty is super tasty, then topping it off with pico de gallo, pepper jack cheese, lettuce, fried jalapenos, and their salsa blanca makes for something amazing!  It has a little kick to it, but it's a tasty kick.  And the white salsa adds this amazing flavor to the whole ensemble.  A truly delicious burger!Super freaking awesome burger number two is the Hawaiian Burger!  Once again, they take their tasty hamburger patty and top it off with lettuce, tomato, onion strings, a grilled pineapple slice, and teriyaki sauce.  Yet another great combo of ingredients...a little sweet + tasty meat = yum!I always order a side of their sweet potato fries, and I don't know what they do to them, I think it involves brown sugar and a sprinkling of crack.  Whatever it is, it's badass!  I really wanna try their Blackened Mahi Taco's, i keep telling myself I will on my next visit, but their burgers are so awesome I still haven't had them yet.  I will soon thou since they seem to be a hit as well.Everyone on the truck is nice, and we've talked to Doug a few times at the events and he has always been very friendly and chatted with us about this and that.  Follow him on twitter @CurbsideCafeLV and/or check his website weekly to see where the truck will be in order to get in on the tasty deliciousness!
5	Fact: I am predisposed to love anything that comes out of a truck.  I've seen Curbside Cafe parked in front of the courthouse downtown many times.  However, I am usually in a foul mood when I am leaving the courthouse or it is too early for lunch.  I got stuck in court the other day.  Boo!  But that meant I was downtown at 12 and perfectly positioned to try Curbside Cafe. Yay!I ordered 4 Shrimp tacos and 2 mahi mahi tacos (not all for me, I swear!).  The blackened spices were perfect, not too bitter, which can be a problem with blackened anything.  Shrimp was smaller but juicy.  Same for the mahi mahi.  It was on the small side but full of flavor and totally felt like I got my money's worth.  The best part was the crisp cabbage and dressing drizzled over the taco.  Price was very reasonable as well.  Can't wait to try some of their burgers.  Also, I eat like a fat trucker and two tacos were more than enough to fill me up!
4	On my first excursion to Vegas STreats, I decided to try this. Tasty Buns looked really weird, the Cheese Steak Truck was ridiculously overpriced and the lines for Fuku and the Slider Truck were WAY too long, so I decided Curbside Cafe it is. Okay, the burgers and hot dogs looked gross, but Calamari and Tacos? TOGETHER? FUCK YES. Some of you may think that's gross, and I was kind of squicked out by the idea of it at first, but then I decided, well I took a chance with Fuku and Slidin' did I not? So why not try this concoction? A few minutes later, I began pondering this: WHY DON'T MORE PLACES MAKE CALAMARI TACOS? The thing was so amazing. With Cojita cheese as well, a cheese that's rare in Mexican food around these parts. Unfortunately, this truck seems to have a very sporadic schedule, and I don't think ANYONE is ever in the mood to hunt a food truck down, so I guess I'll have to wait until the next STreats to have this thing again. I swear, I could eat that calamari taco for days.
4	Walk away feeling happy and satisfied.  It's a gormet delight on wheels, located in front of the RJC downtown.  Clean, friendly and fresh!  Had two mahi mahi tacos, which took me back to the islands of Hawaii.  Just wish they had a "dedicated" place to sit and eat. But, don't let that stop you --it's truly an exceptional place downtown.
5	The Mahi Tacos were, aside from being super duper spicy, AMAZING.We were at the Vegas Streats event in down town and cannot recommend this truck, ENOUGH. Try it, you won't regret it :)
4	Much less flashier than most Food Trucks- but Damn Good food!
5	I've been to many of the food trucks, in fact, it was my mission for a while to try as many of them as possible, but still, there's always one dish that stands above them all, the blackened mahi mahi tacos from Curbside Cafe.  They're just the perfect combination of spicy and rich thanks to that sauce.  If there's anything the owner of this truck knows it is fish so don't hesitate to get any of his tacos even if calamari strikes you as odd.  You won't be disappointed.  The last time I ate from their truck was at Vegas Streats and luckily for me it was quick, although I definitely wouldn't mind seeing his truck get more business, it's just his truck usually isn't where people would go for them. So here I am, doing my little part to promote those tacos, because man, if they weren't around anymore, I just wouldn't know what to do with myself.
5	I decided to try Curbside Cafe for the first time when I attended my first Vegas Streats at El Cortez last month. Honestly, the only reason why we decided to grab dinner from Curbside Cafe rather than any of the other food trucks was because there was no line for Curbside Cafe. With that in mind, I didn't really have high expectations for my burger. I decided to get the bacon cheddar burger, which comes with sweet barbecue sauce in it and a side of sweet potato fries. The fries were good but nothing special but the burger was delicious and I'm not usually a big fan of burgers. The Angus beef was cooked perfectly and the onion strings in the burger gave it a nice finish. You should definitely check them out if you have the chance to :]
5	Curbside Cafe recently took out a restraining order against me because I was stalking them all over town.  Any time I came across their food truck, I started applauding loudly and repeatedly telling them that I love them.  What inspired this level of obsessiveness?  Spice and seasoning in a food truck.  Hot damn, it's good.  Their Mahi Mahi tacos are brilliant--pan fried fish that's still flaky and coated in rich seasoning.  Here's the best compliment I can give those tacos: I don't like fish and I usually won't touch fish unless it's deep fried, but I order the Mahi Mahi tacos almost every time I hit up this truck.  First, because the fish tastes great in the seasoning they cook it in.  Second, because the salsa blanca that they use as a topping is fired-up and sweat-inducing spicy.  It's just a great taco with wonderful flavors on top of crisp cabbage and a fresh flour tortilla.   And the only thing that steers me away from the tacos is their burgers.  I love a good burger, but the big question is always will the kitchen over cook the ground beef patty.  And that's where Curbside Cafe completely earned me as their official stalker--serving me a perfectly-cooked, medium-rare patty.  I order the Baja burger repeatedly and they pump out my burger order to go with a patty topped in fried jalapenos, their excellent salsa blanca and fresh pico.  So good that I'd put Curbside Cafe on the list of top burgers in Vegas. They're also serving up some excellent sweet potato fries.  While I know sweet potatoes have been the rage for a few years now, Curbside Cafe adds a little something extra to the mix.  I'm pretty sure I tasted bown sugar and salt on my order.  Whatever it is, I'm sold.I just love them soooooo much.  I have an entire wall of my room devoted to Curbside Cafe and I'm pretty sure that if I just keep coming back to the truck, they'll realize they love me.  And one day they might lift that restraining order.
4	It all started for me with this simple, sweet, innocent truck ... It was late one night and craving a good burger. What I found was a gourmet style burger, towered with onion straws and sweet potato fries . I was very satisfied.As days went on, I questioned myself as to, really, I am driving around and speaking so highly of a food truck -  -  -  yes, I was and still am, especially now the the owner Doug is the Chef again.  Yes, I did say Chef, not cook - Doug has a lot of experiences in the culinary world.
5	Dear Curbside Cafe; I LOVE YOU, Thank you for coming to the Sprint call center with your wonderful food. I was very thrilled to have not only a food-truck with a Boca Burger option, but the option to have it replace the meat in any burger. Plus those fried onions on the burger was so delicious the I was licking the paper tray the food came in. The french fries were the best I have ever had from a food truck, oh and back to the Boca burger, please tell me how you made the patty taste better then it usually does, I will give you anything for that secret, ok maybe not my 1st born child, shes to sweet to give up, but you can have the younger one, careful she bites.Thank youP.S. I will be the one throwing people out of the way so I can order, the next time you come!
3	Enjoyed Curbside Cafe food truck today at an event. Sampled salad with grilled chicken, burger and hot dog, along with cake pops and cupcake. They were very accommodating and did the burger protein style.
5	No matter how many vegetables I love to eat, I still CRAVE a great burger.  My family and I had the pleasure of encountering this food truck today at Sunday Funday held at Lee's Liquor hosted by Roamin' Dough.  We cannot stop talking about how  much we love these burgers!  My son had a cheeseburger with bacon and onion straws and I couldn't stop stealing bite after bite!  It was great meat cooked just right, great toppings and the bun complimented it 100% perfect!  If you are a burger fanatic like myself, than you know that Fatburger has the best burger just plain...and this place has the best 'topped' burger!!  Can't wait to have it again!!
4	Went to the food truck event on 2.3.2012. A lot of people showed up to help support local small business owners. I had the Sonoran Dog. I wasn't sure I was going to like it but I was pleasantly surprised. The bacon and the onion strings on top were great. The pico de gallo and pepper jack cheese just enough spice. The wait was a bit long, but in my opinion worth it. I can't wait to try something else.
4	A small group of my colleagues and I were told that this truck makes a weekly stop in the neighborhood of our office and so we scheduled a trip to check it out today.  Our total order included the Mahi Mahi tacos, pulled pork sandwich, Sonoran Hot Dog, normal french fries and sweet potato fries.  Everything was eaten...quickly!Reviews:Mahi Mahi - very flavorful and good proportion of fillings in the flour tortilla, the negative was that the serving of Mahi was really small.  The spices were good.Pulled Pork - ridiculous good was the unanimous review.  The BBQ sauce on the pork was sweet but not overpowering.  The bun itself was delicious and the crispy onions on top added great texture.Sonoran Hot Dog - really good.  We laughed out loud that a Kosher hot dog was wrapped in bacon but he said it tasted great.  The cheese, crispy onions and sauce flavors all combinded nicely.  The bun was tasty and strong enough to hold all of these messy ingredients without falling apart.Sweet Potato Fries - they were not crispy, there were just the right size and cooked through for the cut and season correctly.  One of the tasters that is strictly a crispy-sweet-potato-fry kind of person said that she really like the texture and flavor.French Fries - great!  It was a treat to have something deep fried and salty for my lunch rather than the normal leftovers I'm used to.  Since lunch time, we've all decided that we will try it again next week and have recruited a couple more co-workers to join us.   One thing exciting is that all of the burgers can be substitued with a Vegan Boca burger.  It is great to see more eating facilities, stationary or not that are offering choices for persons that do not consume animal products.
5	Ate here during the Three Angry Wives St. Patrick's Day celebration.i cannot believe how good their burgers are. Seriously. First of all, they are beautiful. So pretty, you almost don't want to eat it. Their classic cheeseburger is topped with cheddar, fried onion straws, romaine lettuce, and a fresh tomato. The buns are a yellowy brioche, and taste freshly baked. Their fries were good too. The service was super friendly and fast. I hope i run into this truck again. This is, so far, my favorite burger in Vegas- and that's saying a lot with all the great burgers we have in this city!
4	I ventured from the Yelp Elite Event at Cathouse to the Sapphire Gentlemen's Club where Curbside's truck was parked.  I had to try a Vegas street truck while I was here and this was one on my radar.  Now, many who may read this will think that I'm full of crap in saying that I went to Sapphire just to get food from the truck there.  Well, I did...I had money to get food and no money to get in the door!  I got the Sonoran hot dog with deep fried jalapeno peppers and bacon along with some select garnish sauces and a single mahi mahi fish taco.  Holy crap...this food was good.  They gave me a pretty large piece of fish and the hot dog bun was crispy which kept all the stuff inside and not falling out.Special thanks to the Sapphire valet who allowed me to park there and get food.  Thanks dude.I'm surprised food trucks don't do similar things at other gentlemen clubs that don't serve food.  Both the club workers and their customers need to eat and this can work out for both parties involved.  And usually the taxi drivers waiting also are potential customers.   Anyways, good late eats meal from some cool operators of this truck.  I'll keep my eye to try one more before I leave town.
4	Curbside Cafe frequents my office building often so whenever they stop by, I always try to order from them. I'm all about supporting small and local businesses! Anyway, on with the food.On my most recent visit, I ordered the special which was the Baja Chicken Sandwich. You can add fries to any order for a $1 but that is way too much food for me during lunch = food coma. The sandwich itself was delicious. The chicken was a little on the small side but still packed a lot of flavor. One of my colleagues had it as well and he loved it. Here's a few tips: you can substitute chicken for any of the burgers at no extra charge. I did not know that until recently. Also, they accept all types of credit cards which makes it very convenient when one does not have cash.
2	Freshly prepared dishes, but POOR VALUE. Ordered $6 blackened mahi-mahi tacos which contained about one ounce of fish filling. I get more filling in $1.50 tacos I get at Mexican taquerias.  Two star rating also given due to lack of flavor and spiciness.
4	Had a vegetarian burger it was very filling
5	Really friendly staff! Out here on first friday had the falafel patty on the classic burger. Really delicious and really fresh food. Good prices as well. :)
4	My first food truck I ate out in Nevada and it did not disappoint. The burgers might not be In-N-Out quality but it certainly has the creativity that In-N-Out lacks. To my surprise, it was good. I enjoyed my double patty burger. On a scale of 1-10, I'd give this place an 8. I ordered the Baja Burger and I was in for a treat. The Baja Burger was juicy and spicy to my delight. Mild, IMO, and flavorful. The fried jalapenos, pico de gallo, pepper jack cheese, everything came together like mosh pit a a KISS concert and fires flare out of the stage. It rocked my world, it was awesome. The fries were a nice plus as well. $1 for what can be considered a Small at McD.Yelp deal doesn't work anymore but this place serve surprisingly good burger. If I'm ever around the Las Vegas outlet again, I better hope to see that truck again cause the food court sucks.
5	Okay, just stumbled upon this fantastic place at the mall. Let's just say amazing! I ordered the classic burger. With sweet potatoe fries. They're fries oh my god I can't even begin to explain how awesome they are. Not you're ordinary sweet potatoe fries. Drizzled with cinnamon, sugar and tad salt. Yummy. My boyfriend had the Baja burger with the regular fries. He loved my sweet poratoe fries so much he ordered an extra  side for himself. Everything they make is made FRESH! No preservatives nothing! We were conversating with the owner while waiting for our food, nice guy great staff. I definitely recommend this place seriously. We will be back! :)
1	The guy who took my order was super rude. According to my co-worker his attitude changes depending on who it is. He was super nice to the females in front of him but rude to others.  He yelled at me asking for my name, but since I was hungry I still went. I don't know why. He was rude to the Asian foreigners after me. The chief was super nice and changed my order last minute when I asked him. (I ordered Buffalo Chicken strips and wanted the sauce on the side.) It was $7 and came with fries. Not a horrible price for 3 chicken strips, but I will never go back because of his attitude. He was on his bluetooth taking care of his personal business and treating customers horribly!
5	I have tried a multitude of food trucks in this city and I gotta say curbside has not only the best burgers but also great prices for the portion size. My go to burger is of course the bacon cheddar burger.
5	Curbside cafe has to be the best food truck in Vegas. I would highly recommend it to anyone I know. I have had the baja burger and seafood tacos, both were unbelievably amazing! The staff was incredibly nice and helpful as well! I love everything about this food truck.
4	Great food (had the classic burger which has lettuce, tomato, onions, and cheese I believe).Reasonable prices.Quick service.Friendly man took our order.Enjoyed the experience of eating from a food truck, and would recommend it.They also accept credit cards!
5	Hawaiian burger is AMAZING!!!! And chili Fries and sweet potato fries are great too!  Great customer service- very personal and genuine, and ya can't find that any more!!
5	If you need to LOCATE THEM: they are on the street on the west side of the food court. Great food. Had the Hawaiian burger. Super filling and a great price.
5	I had a vegetarian burger that was soooo delish! I've only been here once they normally park at the premium outlets downtown! I would highly recommend this place!
4	I go to this place almost every other day during my lunch. The burgers are not that bad I actually love the Baja burger and the Hawaiian burger is pretty close.
2	It was not that good I ordered sea food tacos the only thing I finished was the fries. This is the last time I get food from here. Waste of my $11.50
5	Just had quick lunch today while at the Las Vegas outlets - the truck was parked there today - great tasty lunch. I had the tacos one calamari and one mahi mahi and they were just the right amount of spicy and fresh. My husband had the classic burger and shared a bite with me. It was juicy and fresh. He got fries with his. The fries were ok - the star of the meal is the signature items the burgers and tacos. Super happy we stumbled across this great and tasty truck. Prices were reasonable too
