5	This is a dangerous place for me. I could seriously do my bank account some damage as I love love love this store! The candles are the best anywhere. They burn very clean and the fragrance lasts until they burn out. I just bought the kumquat scented candles and they smell delish. There's so many cool home furnishings here as well, unique non-mainstream stuff that's fairly reasonable in $$. I've actually got my eye on this really cool apothecary cabinet... purchasing it may be in my very near future!
4	After deciding I wanted to re-style my entire house I have maxed out the usefulness of the more obvious chain home accessory stores and started researching for the more unique spots around town, which are not easy to find (sadly).  I've probably driven by this place a thousand times and it never occurred to me to go in until recently.  I'm so glad I did! There is a great mix of old and new accessories and furnishings, lots of lamps, great cabinets, and of course as other reviewers said, the candles are amazing.  I bought two and will be going back for more.  The merchandise definitely hits the high notes of the global aesthetic without being stereotypical and I think there is something here for most everyone's decor to bring a little unique flavor to your home.  The store gave me a lot of ideas for accessories for my home so I measured out my spaces and will be going back to buy some things to put the finishing touches on my rooms! Global Home is definitely a diamond in the rough and I highly recommend it!
5	I've had very good luck finding unique things I need for my house and unique gifts at reasonable prices at this store. The store is a fun place to look around with lots of large furnishings and impressive decorative objects, but is not too packed and is nicely merchandised. The last Saturday I was in, Richard was very helpful and I noticed he did an excellent job taking care of several other customers as well. So great service in a great shop makes this a phoenix gem.
