1	Now I know reviewing Starbucks seems a little pointless because everyone in the Western world has some knowledge of Starbucks. But this one really hacks me off! For some reason I always end up in this particular branch and every time I end up thinking WHY! So you buy your overpriced, lukewarm cup of coffee and you want to sit down and catch up with your long lost friend or read the Telegraph or people watch. But there is no frickin seats! The place always has a queue, then after the queue where do you go? Into some sort of Starbucks limbo, because the shop is so small there isn't enough seats. And then if you are lucky enough to get a seat, some ignorant fool will hover next to you, keeping a close watch on your progress so they can nab your chair. After meeting a friend here today I vowed never to return, it has annoyed me one too many times! And I thought I would get my revenge by yelping. Go find a nice coffee shop so you don't have to feel someone else breathing down your neck or glaring at you until you are finished.
3	This particular Starbucks is slightly small so don't expect a seat at peak times, but any other time the lack of space makes it feel really homely. Prices could be a bit cheaper but dont break the bank.
3	After these two reviews I was moved to write a little note rather than a full-blown review. (Everyone knows what Starbucks serves don't they?) This may be a bit on the small side upstairs (although there must be 40+ seats) but do you guys know there are also seats downstairs? First thing in the morning (and I mean at 6ish!) and also at other times in the day there are quieter periods when you can enjoy the huge windows and just watch the world go by...Or you could go to any of the other Starbucks nearby - Princes Street has two, George Street has another one further along at Hanover Street..... And also Amy G I always ask for my coffee extra hot since I like to stay for a while!
4	The biggest problem with this Starbucks is its popularity.Yes, we all know what Starbucks coffee tastes like (I happen to rather love it), but people attend coffee shops for the atmosphere as much as the coffee; and this is no ordinary Starbucks.Situated on the 1st floor overlooking Princes Street, the view is very relaxing, watching the hustle and bustle of the world as you sip your latte chatting to a friend. However, if you attend during peak times (lunch, 5pm) expect standing room only, or an army of leering onlookers staring you down as they eye your seats.Great for early morning or late evening coffee drinkers, avoid for a luncheon.
4	Popped into here a few days ago after working myself hard and it had actually been the first time id been in, which is unsual for me as I generally like the odd Starbucks and George Street is my ususal habitat!Its Kinda cool if you get a little stool at the window, sip your hot beverage and people watch. Unfortunatley Starbucks being as ever popular as it is , is always busy and it can be a bit of a nightmare getting a seat. Id reccommed it for people on the go, however If time , better to head to coffee shop that is not a chain, I think those guys try a little harder and dare I say the quality is a bit better.
