1	My parents were always loyal Sears customers as a kid I remember playing on the escalator as they shopped for everything from appliances to furniture. It use to be the store with everything and unmatched service.     Unfortunately my last few trips have been less than pleasant. Poorly stocked shelves there are no carts in the store and no way to move many or large items around. This is a poor way to run a business.     I bought a wedding ring that had been discounted from 7500 to 2300. We were told upon our purchase that we would receive 180 dollars in points to spend but we would have to wait twenty four hours. Three weeks later we go back and they said that we were told wrong we had a grand total of 23 dollars in points.      When the ring arrived it had a price of 7000 which was 500 lower than the original price advertised on the ring which means we were charged around 200 dollars more than we should have paid after the discount.      I am very disappointed that the store manager could not do much to make this right she did give us 10 dollars off of our purchase of clothes.      I will go with snap on for my tools from now on and carhart for my clothes. Sears has not kept up with the changing demand of its customers and in my opinion this is what will lead to their eventual end.      So if you believe in their product good for you. I will buy my tools from a company that I believe will be in business to honor their warranties in the future. Very sad to see this, fail as a store.
3	This Sears gets three stars for selection and pricing but it is old and needs to be remodeled. The restroom was not stocked at all. Only one soap dispenser had soap n it. Paper towel container was broken and hanging open. No seat covers and not much toilet paper. Not clean at all. Gross!
3	Dead. It's dead in here, it's creepy. BUT the prices are great. Kardashian collection is available and always in full stock. I came to purchase a mini fridge for my office. I went downstairs and guess what?? Its dead there too. No one was available to help in the appliance department. I had to run after a salesman helping another couple in the vacuum dept. as he walked off to check a price for them. He called someone over but 8 mins later no one came. My hubs got annoyed and wanted to leave. I found 2 employees chatting in the nearby home dept. and asked them for help. The young lady finally found someone who could help. He did his best since it wasn't his dept. I got my mini fridge and paid for it. Then..we went to pick it up in the pick up area located on the North side of the store. Beware there isnt an attendant. You scan in your receipt onto a machine and it rings someone in the back and they bring it out and load it for you. I give them 4 stars because of their prices. I found what i was looking at the price I wanted to pay for. P.s. The downstairs BABY dept is having some tiles on the floor changed. Im assuming they didn't have enough time to finish grouting because the loose tiles were being held down by blue painters tape. Scary. Someone could get hurt.
