5	I strongly recommend taking a trip to visit the Pearl Med Spa. When you go be sure to reserve "Krissy Hays"!! She does facials and other beauty services at a medical grade! They have all of the most advanced equipment used in the spa industry   ( really awesome gadgets and gear) to give any person a list of options for their best beauty preference!  I must also state that Krissy is awesome and completely honest and fair! She will never try to sell you things you don't need! She only offers the best, and most helpful option tailored to each individual.  She is so sweet, kind and honest~ I will never go any where else! I will never trust anyone else with my skin! Whether you are looking for a simple facial or are looking for some help to get your skin in the right direction, Krissy is the gal to go to! I have had melisma (skin discoloration) on my face (forehead, cheeks and upper lip area)  for over 7 years! I have spent literally thousands of dollars of other skin care and treatments before Krissy. For the first time EVER in my 7 years, I can say I am actually seeing a huge difference in not only the skin color but also my fine lines and collagen break down. We only get one face and if you are looking for the help of a professional, you wont need to look any further!
2	I visited Pearl Med Spa because I received a coupon for a free facial. This is located right next to The Herb Box in old town and is beautiful when you walk in. I had a late appointment, since they had to cancel my previous appointment last minute. I don't know if it was the combination of having the last appointment of the day and using a free coupon, but I was highly disappointed with my experience. The coupon said the value was $149 and the facial I received wasn't even worth $30. It was barely 30 minutes, with no steam (which I like), and nothing really special to write about. The overall experience here was awkward and not like facials I've had in the past. The room felt sterile and was more like a doctors office than a "spa" Needless to say, I won't be returning, nor would I recommend to any friends. If they were smart they would've used that free offer to provide an amazing experience so I would return.
5	I LOVE this spa. I had such an amazing experience with I.V. Therapy and the Obagi Facial. It was my first time for I.V. Therapy and I could definitely tell a difference in my body once I had vitamins and nutrients received. I felt so energized and refreshed even a few days after treatment. Also, my facial was by Jolene and it was simply delicious! She had magical hands! I fell asleep during my facial and woke up with beautiful glowing skin. The products used didn't make me breakout (which I have a problem with) and really made me look and feel like I was glowing. I highly recommend this beautiful spa to go get anything done!
5	I love Pearl MedSpa. I have been a customer in Portland but recently visited the location in Scottsdale. The service was amazing, my injections and Botox were great and I picked up some new products that I haven't had before. I will keep coming back to this location - I live in Seattle but an on flying down a few times a year for routine maintenance. Dr. York was a peach - very friendly professional and gave me some great tips. I highly recommend you visit!
4	A little hard to find at first the location is right in the back corner of old town. Other than that.. The staff is super professional and super friendly. The inside is also really nice and held to a very clean standard. This is the place to go to for a spa! Will definitely be coming back again and again.
5	A hidden gem in Old Town!! This is the most comprehensive med spa in or around Old Town Scottsdale and the Waterfront location is so convenient. Jordan and the staff are incredibly helpful and the IV Treatment has been a life saver!!
