3	Came in for a tire rotation and like that they pointed out a bent rim. I have been a customer of Discount Tire for many years, and their service has always been great. The reason I will continue to go back is because they have locations all over the US and we travel all over and it's great to know that if we ever have a problem it's gonna be covered and taken care of at ANY Discount Tire.
4	I have been coming here for about six years for both my cars.  I shop around and still find that the prices here are generally among the lowest for the type of tires I need.  They are professional and quick for the most part.  When it comes time to replace your tires and you bought the previous set from them, they will credit your new purchase for the leftover tread on your old tires.  I'm not really sure how they figure out how much to credit, but it definitely helps.  The only complaint I have is that they don't have the best selection and even some of the items they do carry takes a while to get to their warehouse.
3	Came in today..for what I thought would be a tire rotation...front tires well worn on the outside....Tech pointed out front needed to be replaced  I was happy he didn't try to sell me four...at any rate drove out with two new tires..I do like them..got me in/out in less than 40 minutes.....I was pleased..
2	I wouldn't come back. All they were focused on was selling me 4 new tires when all I needed was one. Sorry guys, I've been around the block a few times and know about tires.
5	Great team of workers. Up to the managers and to the guys out in the shop. I will definatly keep come back for all my tire needs. Recommend to friend and familly.  Thanks guys
5	This Discount Tire store in Las Vegas deserves the "Tire Store of the Year" award for customer service! My ex-wife #1 recently started using my 2013 Chevy Camaro during her extended stay here in Las Vegas. I warned her that the right front tire had been slowly leaking air for the past few months... I had to put air in it every 3 days and was certain that a nail was the culprit.  So I asked her to take the Camaro to a tire store and get the nail removed, the hole plugged to fix the slow leak. She took it to service adviser #713 William J Tuller Jr. at Discount Tire on N. Rancho in Las Vegas. Despite the fact that she had no appointment, and the tires were not from DT, Will treated Maggie like a VIP... Not only did his tech find the nail which was causing the slow air leak in the tire, he removed it and plugged the leak, then he also replaced the valve stem, high speed spin rebalanced the wheel/tire, put air in all 4 tires... THEY DID ALL REPAIRS AT NO CHARGE!!! Maggie was pleasantly surprised when she went to pay the repair invoice and Will handed her the keys and said "There's no charge, all the work is complementary... Thank you for choosing Discount Tire..."  When Maggie came back and told me how much the repairs cost, I asked her a flurry of questions. How can Discount Tire repair punctured tired at no charge? Surely they'll go BK doing stuff like that... Then I thought about it some more and realized that there is a method to their madness. Because any time I need wheels, tires or related items and services, I will go to Discount Tire! THAT IS HOW YOU CREATE CUSTOMERS FOR LIFE!
5	These guys are always so honest and helpful! The only place I come for all my tire needs! Keep up the great work!
