5	I love this place. Good job Avondale! There are so many things to do and areas for the kids to play!
4	I enjoy going to Friendship Park. It's spacious and clean. It has a little something for everyone whether you want to play basketball or bring your kids out to play. They have a great trail for jogging or walking. Me and my boyfriend came here to have a picnic one weekend but there weren't a lot of areas to eat so that was disappointing.  One of the best parks I've been to so far!
4	Cool park! Lots of space to walk around and enjoy the day with family and friends. The only disappointing part is the size of the dog park. It's relatively small compared to how large the park is overall and there's only one bench for seating. Everyone is friendly and we will likely pack a lunch to eat next to the pond with the ducks!
5	We love the dog park.  Ok, my dogs love the dog park.  =)  It is a huge park.  Tons of things to do:  softball, multi-use, basketball courts, tennis courts, etc.....  Look on the website for all the things they offer.
5	A great park! Lots to do and very clean. My kids love the ducks more than anything else.  :)
5	Great park, well maintained and kept up. The dog park isn't one of the biggest in the area but it's a nice feature to an otherwise great park on it's own.
4	Going by new York park standards I would rate this park with one star. But, I have lived in Arizona since 1998 so I am rating this based on the location. This is a nicely kept west side park, very convenient right off McDowell rd and Dysart. Lots of paved sidewalks to push a stroller, and the pond is peaceful with lots of ducks, geese, and turtles. The Asian inspired gazebo at one end of the pond is nice and shaded. Clean. Playground areas are nicely kept.I'd give this park five stars if it had more benches and more shade trees. The benches that are there around the border of the pond are in the sun. Nice playground areas for the kids.
5	Mostly go for the dog park and the farmers market on Saturday.  My dog loves to go play and get all the attention.
1	Many owners at this park are rude and have poorly trained aggressive large dogs.
5	This is a pretty nice park. I take my DD to the playground and she loves it. There's also a pond and lots of grassy greens. Ample parking.
4	Stopped here while driving cross-country...   lots of room for dogs to roam and play!   they have it separated by big active dogs and little sedentary dogs...  they were out of bags which a regular said is a normal thing...  luckily i had plenty of bags to share!   it was convenient to the freeway which was good for the passer-through!
4	The dog park here is awesome. I wish it just wasn't pushed so far back. They have a fun farmers market on Sat. mornings as well as a duck feeding pond and PLENTY of soccer fields and picnic spots. It doesn't top my favorite park in Surprise but it is a place we enjoy going to!
5	well you do not find that many places with grass in the west valley
1	I read the reviews before coming here... I thought this place would be a great new park to take my dog to since we just moved to the area. Prior, we had been going to the surprise dog park. Within 15 minutes of getting there my dog was attacked by 3 pittbulls. The owner could have cared less nor did he try to pull their dogs off mine. I fought these dogs off mine until I could free her. I was so in fear for my dogs life I rushed her off to the ER Vet and didn't get contact info. I had a $900 bill and needless to say I will never return. I know this is an isolated incident but please beware of aggressive dogs at this park.
1	Little ghetto and they never have baggies. Friendship park? Should be called "poop park" lol
5	one of my favorite parts to go to I have celebrated 3 of my sons birthdays here. Love to take my dog to the dog park as well...even been here for my sons Soccer practice.
4	Awwww. What a cute little park! There is even a little pond...and a softball and football field. So quiet.
3	I'm out-of-state, so reserving the ramada was a little interesting. Avondale Parks & Rec require someone to come in, two weeks ahead of time, to make the reservation. That being said, they were willing to figure something out for me. I was able to find another way to do it, having a relative go in and make the reservation. They very nicely took the reservation 16 days in advance.Well, it was VERY HARD to find the ramada we reserved. There don't seem to be directions to the ramadas - at least we didn't see them. Once we FINALLY found it, we had to help other people find theirs. LOL. Fortunately, it was close to the playground. That was very nice. Lots and lots of people out today, enjoying the heat.No electrical outlet at the ramada. That was a bummer because we were having a birthday party and had someone that was singing for the kids to a track. We ended up having to use a power adapter in the car and sing for the kids in the hot sun. All in all, a pretty great place for kids. Just think they should put some kind of guide to the ramadas on the signs.
3	Great soccer fields with enough parking. Easy access to 101 and I10. Bathrooms are small and not good.
2	Went there today but disappointed. Dirty park, and dirty water for the ducks. I read in the paper that the game and fish wants to turn it to a fishing catch and release pond, can only imagine how much worse it will get.
