5	I really appreciated the service I got from Camelback Cab Co on my recent trip to Arizona. I arranged to use a cab to transport me from the airport to my hotel. I When I travel, my time is important, and my driver was prompt and quick to help me load my luggage. Since I had a great experience the first time, I decided to use Camelback Cab's black car service later in the week when I went out for the evening. Once again, the driver was on time and professional. The rates were competitive, and I liked the ease of being able to book online (another time saver). With so many options in the transportation industry these days, Camelback really won me over with their service, their clean vehicles, their car options, and their fast booking. I will definitely be using them when I'm back on business. I would definitely recommend!
5	I travelled to Arizona this past fall to see some elderly family, and it was of the utmost importance to me that I was able to get to places on time. After having a disastrous experience with renting a car from the Phoenix airport, I decided to get a cab...that was an awesome decision! I ended up booking online, which I had never done before. Their website made it easy; and when I walked out of the airport exhausted at 11:45 pm, my cab was waiting for me - what a relief! My luggage was loaded into the car for me by my driver, and the interior of the cab was immaculate. The driver was very professional and courteous, answering a barrage of questions I had about how late different convenience stores were open and which restaurants he would recommend. The drive was about 45 minutes total (airport to Sun City West), which would've been dull if the cars didn't have free WiFi! That's something I've never seen before, and it allowed me to catch up on an episode of Archer on Netflix without burning through my cellular data. The trip back to the airport at the end of my stay was great as well!I wasn't expecting to be wowed by a cab company - but Camelback was a fantastic company to do business with. For how helpful and reliable they are, they could be charging a lot more! If you're traveling to the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, and need reliable transportation, Camelback Cab comes highly recommended.
5	This is an amazing service--it combines all the things you want from a cab company.  Their service is easy to book, they come right on time, and their drivers are always the nicest.  When you go to their site, you can book their cab online, or you can call--this made by trip so easy, especially because I didn't know any of the places I was going to.  I couldn't imagine my trip being the success it was without this company.  I live in New York, where cab companies are unlike any other place--I know a good cab service when I encounter one.  If you're looking for a professional service that will get you exactly where you need to go without making you jump through hoops, then thee are your guys.  Book a ride with them--you won't regret it!
5	I needed to head to the airport IMMEDIATELY, so I called Camelback Cab Company. They saved my life - the driver got to my house within 5 minutes of calling them, and got me to the airport as fast as he could while driving safely. Once we got to the airport he politely told me to have a nice trip and helped me with my bags!The nicest people, and the best service! Great job guys!
