5	Miracles performed daily.  At The Urge.  Now, this isn't so much a review of The urge as it is for one man - Eddie.  Ah Eddie.....Feeling a confession.... Hello.  My name is Kristin C. and I was a Supercut's girl.  Actually, it was so bad, Supercuts was often my "fancy" haircut place.  Fantastic Sam's was fine.  Great Clips.  Who ever had the lowest price, with or without a coupon, and didn't require an appointment.  It was a pretty sad state of affairs.  I always reasoned to myself that since I never wanted a complex cut, why pay complex cut prices.  Anyone can cut a straight line, right?  Oh... {shivering in shame} I was so wrong.  One shop in the mall cut my hair (mid back length) in an angle so bad that there was a good 4 inch difference from one side to the next.  But I digress.....A guy friend referred a guy friend to Eddie.  Both guys had dramatically different hair, and shall we say, different "hair goals".  I ended up being there when Eddie did his hair a few times and it came up that I'd never had my hair done "professionally".  After a year or so, they both encouraged me to take the plunge.  Wow.  So, 10 years later, no one but Eddie has ever touched my hair.  And I'm not the only one.  As good as he is, I'm always scared to share him with too many folks or I'll never get in again.  That said, I have several fancy salon friends who have become devoted Eddie devotees as well.  A couple I introduced to him about 8 years ago now drive in from Queencreek for every cut and color.  Another friend took her mom there and by the end of her cut, she suddenly had curls where straight hair had been before.  She'd never seen her mom with curly hair.  Her mom said, "Oh yea, I used to have curly hair when I was young but it went away".  Eddie will tell you that his specialty is color, not styling.  So don't come to him just for that up-do for prom.  He's not that guy. (Though with his Southern roots he could most likely rock that hair nice and high, but if he says it's not his thing, it's not his thing...)  But if you want an amazing cut, or hair color done so well everyone swears it must be natural - go to Eddie.  Tell him Kristin sent you.  That way when he starts to get WAY too busy, he'll still find time to fit me in.  :)
5	Great salon. Laid-back atmosphere...great prices...not prententious. Highly recommended.Been going to Denise (the owner & hair veteran herself) for over 10 years. I don't trust anyone else with my hair & for good reason; she does amazing work!
5	Denise is awesome! You can tell she is a hair veteran because she effortlessly transformed my mega blond highlights into a fresh, sophisticated brunette look! My hair looked and felt rejuvenated! I would highly recommend utilizing her services...Denise is fantastic! Thanks, Denise :)
5	I love Denise! Her prices are totally fair and she is super good! she has had The Urge Salon for years and years and years....she is awesome!
5	Stacie is awesome!  She's been doing my hair for over ten years, and I'll continue to go to The Urge for Stacie's great work and hair style expertise. Thanks Stacie!
4	This small unassuming salon is a refreshing alternative to the typical bustling, gossip-filled poser salons I used to frequent.  I like that I can get in and out and on with my day.  Zoe has been my stylist for a few years now and she's terrific!  She has an extensive background (including time at one of the most well-known salons in town) and always listens to my thoughts and ideas.  Highly recommended!
5	I just got a cut from Chris, I'm a first time customer.  I was very nervous because I've had a lot of bad haircuts in my past at various places.  I told him what I was looking for and he said he can do exactly what I want, but also made some suggestions based on the current styles, my hairline and hair type, and I ended up with a really nice cut.  He took the time to show me what he was doing as it happened, which in the beginning really put me at ease.  I'm glad to have finally found someone in Scottsdale that I can trust in the future.
4	I went with Chris and he is superb at what he does!! He has been in this field for more than 2 decades and has an eye for what would make one look the best, carry the style comfortably and has good suggestions to offer- I love that about stylists!Chris is great with color, cuts, highlights- I had all of that done and was delighted with the service! he is not just a great stylist, but also great company- we talked about almost everything from mucis, to movies/ Tv soaps and then cool technology, iPhone apps- oh- that is a skill to have and doesn't come easy to everyone.Thank you urge, my hair looks good, I got compliments on the color and I am happy!! :)
4	Denise cut and colored my hair tonight and I couldn't be more pleased with her work. She has owned The Urge for 17 years; her depth of knowledge and enthusiasm for hair attest to her business's longevity. Denise is an incredibly energetic, charismatic and relatable woman. She shares her knowledge with every one of her clients.  She goes above and beyond because she takes the time to learn about the preferences each client has for their hair.I walked in and was warmly greeted by Denise herself. She immediately engaged me in conversation as she was finishing up another client's hair, and suggested I look through her vast magazine collection for inspiration.  She wrapped up everything with her client by demonstrating styling tips--things that are genius!--I knew I was in good hands.  She showed me a color book and went to work, whipping out perfect foils and color in record time!  I was her last client so she sat with me by the dryer (complete with a massage chair!) while my hair processed. We flipped through magazines and chatted as if we had been friends for years.  The shampoo was just as I liked it--the perfect water temperature, a firm scalp massage and a thorough rinse of product.My once-lopsided layers are perfected, my style is polished and volumized, and my color looks rich once more, all for an EXTREMELY reasonable rate!  I received 30% off for mentioning the coupon on The Urge's website but I tipped her on the full amount--she definitely deserves it!I feel refreshed, beautiful and I have a couple new products (and many new styling tips!) to get the most out of my new 'do.  Getting my hair done by Denise is something I will look forward to--I'm already excited to go back!
5	I agree with the other reviews, a nice laid back salon with great prices.  I tried it because of the Yelp reviews and I'm so glad that I did.See my review of Chris here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/chris-calleo-scottsdale#hrid:TXiA1nZ7HGZI9uXpRm6gDA
3	Heard about Urge Salon and its owner Denise through a chat with a woman named Patty I had sat down next to at Hopdaddy's bar last month.  Called soon after our talk and tried to make an appointment, but Denise's calendar was almost booked solid through the new year.  (She had a couple of spots open, but my exercise and work schedules wouldn't allow me to commit.)  I had some free time today and called to see if she could see me.Denise asked me a few questions to see what I was looking to resolve in this visit, and then offered to let me change into a smock when I quickly begged off to look for a shirt in my car to change into, since I was feeling too warm in my light sweater in her warm salon.  (She remarked that it was supposed to reach a high of 81 today.)   Ahh, much better.  Still, I found it too warm for comfort during the 55 minutes I was there.  I'll make sure to plan more carefully on my next visits.I have to admit, I wasn't fawning over my haircut as Denise was doing her finishing touches, but after raking my fingers once or twice, I thought my hairstyle looked fabulous!  Mom immediately loved it, as well, and as some of you may know from reading my reviews of other salons, she is a hard woman to impress!I didn't know that Denise/Urge Salon did not accept credit cards as forms of payment- CASH OR CHECK ONLY.  Strange, I thought, not to accept CCs... I've heard of many small- to mid-sized businesses turning down Amex, because of the fee Amex charges per transaction, but Visa always works, but not here.  Thought I'd give you fair warning.  I had just pared down the cash I'd been carrying, because I don't feel secure walking around with it, but I did have enough to cover what she charges for a woman's cut and style ($55), minus the 20% discount if you, according to Urge's website (and on the Yelp app), "call and book an appointment today."  There's a nice check-in offer of 30% off on your second visit, as well...  Denise was friendly and easy to chat with.  I wasn't a fan of sitting on the "booster chair," even though I offered to sit on it after she mentioned its availability.  (Truth be told, I was expecting a thick chair pad, or two, and not one of those foot stools one keeps in the kitchen to access hard-to-reach shelves, but oh, well...)  I really liked the specialty chairs she has at the washing stations, though!  As you sit down and lean back, you bend your knees and place your feet at the end of the chair pad so that the chair reclines in such as way that your neck sits comfortably on the sink- pretty cool!  No more of my neck feeling stiff while getting my hair washed- yay!  (Although, I guess this only works if the customer isn't wearing a skirt, or other compromising piece of clothing!)Hope to be able to bump up my rating to four stars on my next visit!
4	Professional stylists that do a great job! Have been going here for about 2-3 yrs. I am picky about hair stylists and don't like to take chances with the outcome of hair color. I have tried Denise, Debbie, Mara & Donna. They are all good. Denise is too busy lately but there are others that are equally good.
