3	Since I've moved back to Glendale I've been looking for a non-chain burger joint.  So I was very excited to see a Lenny's Burger shop opening up at the corner of 59th Ave & Peoria.  Just a few miles South of where I live.  After watching it being slowly be redone and painted for about 6 months it finally opened in June.  So last Saturday I drove my car down there and utilized the drive through.  After screaming my order a bunch of times in their drive through speaker I finally drove around to pick up my 2 burgers and onion rings.   I don't like all that veggie stuff on my burger so I just ask for it plain with ketchup and mayo.  Next time maybe I should just go inside.  But it was so small I didn't want to stand in the heat.  Hey, it's 111 out!Now I've been to a couple of other Lenny's Burger places - 35th & t-bird and downtown Glendale.  Maybe they are only connected in name only as this new Lenny's menu was very limiting.  Onion rings and fries were it.  The burgers were quite tasty and fresh.  Onion rings were barely cooked and soft. yuck!  So I think from now on I'll just go back to the Lenny's Burger shop at 35th Ave & T-bird as I know they have more choices and hopefully my onion rings won't be yuck...
5	You will NEVER want another burger(or fries, or milkshake) after trying Lenny's...I usually order a double cheese burger with bacon, onions, mustard, mayo, and ketchup, along with a lg. fry(with 2 fry sauces--very important! the special fry sauce tastes like some kind of chipotle remoulade...so delish!), and I LOVE their cinnamon shakes...so different!...once you've tasted Lenny's food, you won't be able to stomach regular fast food ever again!
4	Great burgers !!! One of the best I have had since I have been here in Phoenix. I love the ranch burger..a regular cheeseburger but they add a mayo/ranch concoction. Its too good. They always have a meal deal for $5.95 that includes fries and a drink.
5	Good Burgers!
5	Tried this location yesterday.  It's great.  We ordered the patty melt and the chili burger combos.  Can't beat the price of the combos and they are so much better than the fast food chains.  Beef patties are nice sized, fries seasoned just right.  In addition to burgers they have chicken sandwiches and dogs.  Haven't tried either yet but I imagine they're just as good.  Also have many flavors of shakes and soft serve ice cream in vanilla, chocolate and swirl.  When you're in the area and your hungry for a burger, this is a must stop.
5	Oh my gosh!  Hot dogs-great; onion rings-great; chili cheese fries-great; 50 cent soft serve cones-awesome.  Just want to add that so far there hasn't been anything that we've tried here that we haven't liked.
4	This place is WONDERFUL!!! ok look no offense to anyone who lives in AZ but they don't know ANYTHING about a good burger. So Cal has a bunch of places like Lennys that I have missed since moving back to Phx. Prices are low, food is awesome, people are friendly and there's a drive thru!!! lol
3	Nothing fancy here,just good burgers
5	We went here last weekend after craving some burgers. The menu looked a little confusing, mainly bc the place is so small and it seems like there are so many options. We each got a build-a-burger where you can choose two toppings for free. I got mushrooms and bacon and my boyfriend got green chiles and bacon. We also got chili fries and a chocolate milk shake. It was soooo good!There's this place in Berkeley back home called Nation's that has awesome burgers as well, and it's bigger. But it's more expensive and you can't get the toppings for the price at Lenny's. My meal with reg fries and  a large drink with a burger and my toppings was only $5.99! It was very tasty and we were stuffed. The chili fries were better than Nation's too bc it had more chunks of meat. I also liked that their fries had this yummy paprika garlic salt on it, it was so good!
4	I haven't tried this location yet but I am familiar with the Lenny's on 35th Ave and Thunderbird as I have lived in the area for years.  Their burgers are very delicious as well as their fries.  The only reason I don't frequent Lenny's too often is because I am so used to the fast food and cheaper prices.However, make no mistake about it the best burger in town is Lenny's so give it a try heck with today's value meal prices at other fast food places your not gonna pay too much more anyway unless you like the dollar menus.
3	This place makes burgers the old fashioned way.  Be prepared to wait while they cook your burger after you order it.  Nothing premade and kept warm here.  The interior is tiny so take away might be better but the food is good and the price very reasonable.  I liked it but it isn't near to my fav burger place, 5 Guys.
4	This place is great.  Their jumbo hotdogs are really good.  The French fries are naturally cut.  They have simple and delicious nachos.  Go and try this place out.  You wont be disappointed.
4	One of the best fast food burger joints.  This place almost makes fast food gourmet.  The burgers are pretty good and you can add almost any topping to your sandwiches: avocado, mushroom, bacon, various cheeses, etc.  And, the burgers are a good price, starting at about $2.30 for a single patty.  I've heard the chicken is also good but a bit higher priced.  Their shakes are GREAT!  They're the real thing, not like a fast food shake.  They're a bit pricier but the quality and taste is worth it.If you're looking for food fast but don't want that factory produced fast food flavor, this is the place to go.
5	I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE these burgers!  When I am craving a good burger, I come here!  The ranch burger is my "go to" order.  Top it off with an order of their fries, and I'm set!
2	Lennys burgers and frys taste awesome. Although I was quite disappointed when i emptied out my soda in my sink and found a dead fly floating in it. So if you want good tasting food but don't care about expired insect carcasses Lennys is the place for you.
4	2 things always come to mind when I think of this place, comfort food & yummy for my tummy :) This is not the place to go to if you're watching your calorie intake or want something on the fancy side BUT they have great burgers & I love the seasoning on the fries ( might be paprika? ). If I don't feel like cheating on my Coke with it's bitter rival, Pepsi, I indulge in a delicious strawberry milkshake ;)
5	This place is even better than the main one on Central and Thomas.  The food is the same but the atmosphere is better and it even has good A/C.This is my wife and I'd go-to place for burgers and fries.  Food is amazing.The place is pretty small, it feels like you're eating in a motor home and that's similiar to what the place looks like from the outside.  Not very much seating and just like the main shop, all the seating is fairly tight.The biggest downside for Lenny's is the fountain is Pepsi products.
5	This is my favorite burger joint near where I live. If there were a 5 Guys near here, that would be a different story. However, things being what they are, I truly enjoy this place. They have great fries, and the ranch mayo is super delicious as well as the fry sauce. Try them! They cost extra, but it's worth it.I really enjoy the burgers too. Nice and juicy, made to order. Yummy!I really don't get to eat here often (I used to eat here several times a week), it's a great place to splurge.
4	Was just driving by when I decided to try this place. I ordered their pastrami dip with spicy mustard and a soda. I am not much of a pastrami person but a pastrami dip just sounded good. It was! So when I have more time, family and I will come back and give this place a better try!! But so far it was great.
5	Our favorite Friday nite burger joint!
3	I'm a big fan of the Lenny's Burger Shop downtown because of their great food and awesome customer service. The food at this location is just as good, but the customer service is slow and usually unfriendly. Just last night I pulled up to the drive-thru speaker and was greeted with "Gimme a minute". Really? That's not how you speak to customers.
5	Delicious. A little expensive for my budget. But I still come here often.
3	I was in the mood for something bad and I mean clogging your arteries bad so I came to Lenny's. I got their chili cheese fries with jalapenos. The fries were ok but I wish they had more seasoning on them. I then got a Pepsi float, they only sell Pepsi products, which was ok too. The ice cream was a regular soft serve. Their onion rings are huge and delicious! Next time I'll get some all to myself1Lenny's is a no frill place so if you're feeling bad then you will leave feeling content with satisfaction.
1	Pro: good onion ringsCons: bland burger          subpar serviceI'm hoping this was an aberration, because I have heard good things about this Lenny's location. As I pulled up to the drive thru and heard "be with you in a moment" followed by 2 minutes of silence, then after I yelled "YO!" at the talk box got a response from another employee and finally 2 more minutes later pulled up to the window. It took me almost ten minutes of waiting to get my drive thru meal. Girl with the drive thru mic boom on seemed more into eating and texting than serving this paying customer. Kinda seemed like a place where they'd spit in your food, honestly.If I am going to wait ten minutes, I'm taking my drive thru bidness to In N Out or I'm going to walk into Smashburger or Five Guys where the food and service are both far superior.
1	The employees are the rudest and most miserable people on the planet. Went through the drive thru and had to repeat my order several times and it was still wrong when I got it. I told the drive thru girl and she told me that next time I needed to place my entire order at the speaker box next time because they dont have time to correct or add things at the window. I then proceeded to tell her that I tried to order it but they got it wrong. She rolled her eyes, slammed the window, talked to some guy, opened the window, literally tossed my missing items at me and then refused to get the manager for me when I asked. Instead, she just slammed the window in my face again. Spend your money anywhere but here.
2	Burger Shop where all i wanted to do was take the burger off and eat the rest. Small, cute, friendly, fast, great fries. I ordered the SW Burger, with pastrami and a green chili on it. The toppings were excellent but the bland flavorless burger was a disappointment. Seriously it sucked away the greatness of the rest of the meal. Fries are great, great Ranch dressing. Onion rings were large and greasy..yum.The kids and wife all agreed we probably will not go back. There are better places closer to home.
4	In a moment of weakness I did something today that I vowed I would never do and that my friends, was to eat at Lenny's. Every time I have been to Lenny's I encountered the rudest, most disgruntled employees one could imagine. It got so bad on my last visit that I posted about my experience on every outlet possible. I wanted everyone to know what a horrific place Lenny's was and encouraged everyone to avoid it at all costs. Even when the owner reached out to me to apologize I couldn't be bothered to respond because I was so irate. He assured me through Yelp that the issues would be resolved and that if I were to return I would leave a satisfied customer. I never thought in a million years that he could turn that place around or that I would return but the thought of that delicious fry sauce got me back there. And let me shout it from the rooftops, that man stayed true to his word. I was greeted promptly at the drive thru and was told they would be right with me. The girl who ended up taking my order was friendly and when there was a question about my order she kindly asked for clarification. When I got the window the girl smiled, said hello and thanked me several times. When I got my food and checked the bag I found that my order was correct. And just as the owner promised, I left Lenny's super happy. I don't know what he did to turn those employees around but whatever it was I am grateful. So for anyone out there who have been put off by the employees in the past, I encourage you to give Lenny's another chance. It's doubtful you're going to find a better tasting burger from a fast food joint.....And to the owner, thank you for your original response and for staying true to your word. My apologies for never responding to you. I'll definitely be back!
4	Very good restaurant style burgers. I always get the burger with BBQ sauce,onion ring, cheese, and bacon it's great. Only draw backs are that they are pretty slow sometimes and soggy buns occasionally wich is disgusting.
5	I like Lenny's but today I had a horrible meal. The fries looked old or had been sitting in grease for a long time. I asked cook if they were fresh and she said yes.  I have never been to this location and I WILL NEVER return to that location. It was very different than the others. This locations was at 57th and Glendale...yuck!  ###Giving 5 stars to the 59th and Peoria location!!
3	Lenny's Burger Shop provided a decent lunch for me although the food was not quite as good as I expected.The restaurant is neat, but feels rather cramped on the inside since it is very small and there are not a lot of tables. It is kind of cool in a way though.The burger is far from the best you have had as are the fries, but kudos to Lenny's for keeping prices reasonable. Compared to places I have been to like this I thought the prices here were great, so if I come back it will be for that reason.
4	My husband is in love with this place & insisted I try it out as soon as I moved here. It's a small diner but I've never seen it too crowded, although we tend to go during non-rush hours. The food is pretty good and service isn't too bad.
4	Great fast food. Love the cheeseburgers and fry's.
4	Good burgers, zucchini and root beer floats.  I hit up the drive thru and grabbed some food and for the place looking like a bit of a dump i was pretty impressed with the food.  I will definitely go back and try some other stuff!
3	It was ok.  Had better
2	A meal here is still 5 bucks more than what it would be at Wendy's or Mcdonalds. Also the fact that they don't allow free refills is interesting. The business probably pays pennies on the dollar for all their supplies , they own the space they're on , where is the high prices coming from? When prices go down I'll be more than happy to be a regular here.
5	Excellent burger and fries!!!! Great place that brings back the 50s style. Friendly service and would recommend it to anyone who wants a excellent burger.
1	this place has teenagers running the place! Customer service is horrible! You are often greeted with attitude and a 15 min way on drive through with no car in front of you
3	NOTE:....this would have been a 5... but Pam took 2 stars off!This Lenny's Burger at 59th Ave and Peoria10635 N. 59th AveGlendale Az 85302FOOD IS AMAZINGCowboy Burger...Pretty Great..!Pastrami Burger - Phenomenal..!#2 is a Double that is Amazing and my sons FavoriteOnion rings -  perfect Beer Batter..!French Fries..(If you love fries you will love these) They use a super fine salt (So Could use a Super Fine Pepper)Our second experience at the location left more to be desired. It seems our order through the drive-thru, it was taken and the woman on the phone was pleasant and everything went well until the order came. It seemed fine until we explained that we took the $0.60 upgrade on all three meals and we double checked the order and found a french fry, we brought it to their attention and it seemed like was not going to be much trouble. BOY THAT WAS THE UNDERSTATEMENT OF THE NIGHT....!!Normally I would have have jumped in the middle of the of "PAM" and my wife about the issue and put the cab-bash on it and keep it civil..!! That never happened and I literally sat back in my chair as Pam would "Literally NOT STOP GETTING INCREASINGLY LOUDER" to over talk my wife over " S-I-X-T-Y-C-E-N-T-S"..So needless to say we never got the fries and in the words of the movie "8Mile"All well that ends O.K. so we say "F" you Pam and have a nice day ...!!So with that Food is awesomeService is great when you don's set Pam off!By the way our Third trip through food was good and Yes Pam waited on us and it was simple and in and out.We will roll through again... Thank God for Limo Tint
2	I got the double combo and would have to say I was not impressed at all in fact I threw half the burger away. The burger itself was not seasoned and tasted like sub par quality meat. The only reason it got a two was because the fries were okay. I won't be going back.
4	Lenny's is a great regional chain you should consider in lieu of places like Five Guys and Smashburger. Fries are thick-cut with seasoned salt, beer-battered onion rings are perfect, and the 50s music in this location might drive you crazy. Every Lenny's seems to be a little bit different, but they all do the same things well. I love the banana shakes, and the BLT sandwiches. Here, it's a ranch BLT with sourdough. It sounds like messing with perfection but is worth a try. You can get a burger on just about every block in this town. Why not show a little love for your home by keeping it local?
4	Lenny's is one of my burger favorites. They always have a nice juicy burger fixed the way you want. This Lenny's is decorated with old signs and the seating is, well lets say tight. I think there is 5 booths and a long narrow table in the center. They have many choices other than burgers and everything I or the people with me have gotten has been very good. I have been to several other Lenny's. Lenny's menu may change from one store to the next but all I have eaten at has been good.
4	This place is awesome! There fry sauce is something to add to the meal when you order and I also recommend the Ruben and orange cream-sickle shake.
5	Lenny's is so good it should be a crime. Always the best when you get great service, product and value and still get to support a local small business.
1	Had a pretty terrible experience with the young man at the drive through.  I typically only comment when I have great experiences and usually Lenny's is excellent.  Stopped by for some Friday evening chili cheese fries and a shake.  My aunt actually just wanted an ice cream sundae.  First off the kid had a major attitude and kept making us repeat the order through the drive through and scowled at us as we pulled up to the window.  Secondly when my aunt asked what comes on the sundae and he said usually nuts but they were all out. Well that is unfortunate but it is what it is.  She then asked if it had whipped cream on the Sundae.  The young man said they used to but they got in trouble for putting whipped cream on the sundaes and they could only put it on the shakes??..  He passed the blame to the manager which I thought was kind of strange.  He also did not even offer to do an up charge on the whipped cream  You would think they least they could do since there was no nuts, is offer free whipped cream but we were not even asking for that.  Overall the experience left us confused and made me think I would avoid this overpriced ****hole in the future.  Clearly the young man was either having a bad day or was just really freaked out that a customer might want a sundae with the traditional ingredients.  Also a smile and a friendly attitude goes a long way when you cannot accommodate a customer.
4	This place is adorable! My husband & I both ordered cheeseburgers, 1 order of fries & onion rings to split. The onion rings & fries were soooo good, the burger was good as well, just nothing to write home about.  Prices were great, they even have $.99 root-beer floats. Servers were very friendly. It's pretty small inside but plenty of seating outside as well as a drive-thru if you're looking to get it to-go.
4	I LOVE this place! I always get the mushroom garlic burger! The wait time is usually slow (I knocked one star off due to that) but thankfully they have a dual drive thru! You have to try their chili cheese fries, they are big enough to share but then again who wants to share a little piece of heaven... right?! My husband always gets their banana shake, he says it's the best banana shake he has ever had.
5	My girlfriends and I always meet up here for Fish and Chips every Christmas. It is a tradition and I must say the tartar sauce is AMAZING. I have not tried the burgers, but the fish and chips are worth the trip. I don't pay much mind to the place itself (Because it is in old town Glendale and all the buildings are very old). The service is very nice in its own dignified sort of way. I can respect that. Never change your fish and chips, it is AMAZING!
4	It was one of those days where was looking for something tasty that would clog your arteries.  Well I ran into Lenny's while running errands around town.  I did enjoy this local chain.  Very standard traditional burger place that offers chili fries, dogs, and all kinds of burgers.  It's designed to be a drive through place, esp on the weekends.  I thought their garlic swiss burger was very tasty and fresh (although a bit too much mayo).  Fries are thick cut and crunchy.  Service was fairly quick.  This is a good burger place to go if you are craving a burger!
5	Went today, and had a well done Cowboy burger. The fries were absolutely excellent, along with a good sized drink and the burger tasted phenomenal. Service was clear and concise. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for some good (slightly salty) food!
5	Cute little fifties type diner with a drive through. Service was fast and food was great!
5	Some of the best burgers around, if not the best. Has a great old school dinner feel. Minimal seating inside with plenty of tables outside making it a great location for a late dinner outside.  After a great burger, desert is also great here. Definitely worth a trip but be warned, the food is addicting
4	I had heard this place made good burgers from a friend and they were right. I like the them a lot more than an most fast food.
3	good food but it can get very pricey for an example the number eight chicken strip combo is good and big just how i like it but comes with one two oz ranch container i don't know one person that can eat that much food with one little 2 ounce container of ranch and enjoy it because if not every other container of ranch is 30 freaking cents oh and if you're trying to pay with your card there's another fee its like good food but your getting nickeled and dimed for everything i shouldn't have to pay extra just to enjoy my food there is something is wrong with that enough is enough the combo is nine freaking dollars and you get a little 2 ounce container of ranch really???On a side note their rootbeer floats are awesome and I think their specialty sandwiches are a thousand times better than any of their burgers!!
3	A decent burger stop with a wonderful old vibe.The service can get a little spotty at times (depending who you get on the register, they might get confused by your order or they might take too long with it), but the food comes to you on time and it's definitely good-tastin'.It's nothing special, but that's not to say it doesn't have any perks...After all, their floats are surprisingly cheap, and not bad tasting at all!I'd certainly come back here for a nice float or two with some fries on the side.
1	They charge for ranch when you order fried zucchini's. Its about the principal not the money.there prices are high enough to give a lil side of ranch seriously. The original lenny on 1-17 and glendale does not charge if you order a special appetizer.
1	Worst experience ever. Ordered a sourdough bacon RANCH no mayo.  Menu Says "sourdough. Bacon, ranch, mayo, onion, pickles, lettuce".  When burger came there was no ranch so I asked for a side of ranch.  Was told it would be .33 told him I ordered a RANCH sand which and he said yes but you ordered it with no mayo so would be .33 I said fine can I just have whatever comes on the sandwich? and after a 3 minute argument in front of 20 customers he gave me my ranch MAYO and said next time there will be a charge.  Should of went to smash burger.
