5	Went in search of a graduation present for myself (courtesy of a family member). Started at the department stores in the mall to no avail. Decided to check out Tumi. The sales person Joy was awesome. She showed me several leather and non leather backpacks. I took her card and kept shopping the rest of the day.The next day I came back. She remembered me and was still so very helpful when I brought reinforcements (my wife) to make sure I was making the right choice, considering the expense. We bought a very nice backpack (professional) and had it monogrammed while we waited.The overall experience made me wish I could afford more items from the store. I'll be back and thanks Joy for the wonderful service!!
5	Very good store with quality goods and friendly staff. I stopped in recently to get my messenger bag and toiletry kit monogrammed. I called the night before and spoke to Justin who told me that they would be glad to monogram my Tumi products free of charge and to come in when I got a chance. The next day I stopped in and spoke to a gal who was more than happy to help me. She even showed me all of the color options and gave an opinion as to what would look good with my products. None of my products were purchased at this location so it was nice of them to treat me well and treat me as if I had purchased there before. The actual monogramming took all but 3 minutes total and it looked great, giving my messenger bag an awesome custom look. I am very pleased with the staff at this location. Justin was great over the phone and the person I dealt with the next day was also nice and even engaged in conversation with me about my upcoming travel to the UK. Tumi products are anything but cheap, but the level of service is unmatched and in my view that makes it worth every dime. The Scottsdale location treated me as if I spent my money there before and that makes me feel good about giving them my business in the future.
5	My Girlfriend bought me a bag for Christmas that she customized with my initials unfortunately it was not the exact bag I was looking for.  I went into the store concerned they would not exchange it because of the initials and I was greeted by Miranda. She was awesome, extremely helpful and helped me find the bag I was looking for and even put my initials on the new bag.  This is the kind of customer service you would expect from a high end company but very rarely receive anymore.  I have many Tumi pieces but you have definitely earned a customer for life.  Great JOB on hiring great employees.Christian
5	High quality products and high quality service to match. I needed a business laptop bag and the stuff in here is awesome. Ill definitely be back!
