5	Consistently adding value to already invaluable services. I am always surprised to see something new and awesome added.
5	My agency NH Strategic Marketing signed on with Reputation Loop about 5 months ago to replace an inferior reputation software we were are using. We have been very happy with our decision.  We are a Google AdWords PPC lead generation focused agency and just by offering Reputation Loop as an upsell to our existing clients we added 24 businesses at $97/month.  This generates us an easy $2,328/month on autopilot. Not bad for offering it as an upsell to our existing clients.  Its super easy to deliver, our clients love the software, and its incredibly profitable for us so we love it and highly recommend it.  I also really like that Jeff and Zach are constantly making the software better and better every month.  Kudos gents.
4	solid platform with good support. still learning how to sell it better, but I see the value in it, I just need my customers too as well.
5	I found that there are less expensive plugins and software that do some of the tasks, but the extra stuff Reputation Loop does, is nowhere to be found. The number of testimonials I get and my clients get and what we can do with the reviews is money in the bank. I love it!Mike
5	I signed up with Reputation Loop a few months ago because I wanted to do a better job of providing the service of Rep Marketing to my clients.  This is the best automated system around where once the system is up, it's automatic.  Reviews are added to the social account's automatically and provide both authority and branding for my clients.The team at Reputation Loop is top notch. Fast support and plenty of training to help me maximize the system.My clients are seeing results, and to quote on of them. "We'll be in business together forever".Highly recommended as a tool for your business or your agency.
5	This is a great tool for businesses. It makes so much sense. They keep adding new services and features and it gets better and better.
5	Without a doubt, the best program I've worked with. The support, when requested, is nothing short of first class!
