5	This Chipotle is my favorite location, which is great because it's super close to my job! The employees are friendly and don't cut corners on your portions! Good food, great service and near by...could I ask for more? Nope :)
1	Boo on you! I think Chipotle has just gone down hill. You know what Chipotle feels like to me? Pop culture...they coax you in with great deals, giving you as much food as you want, no complaints they have a "it's all about the customer" feel...they start to take over in popularity, everyone loves them, raves about them: they're healthy, they use organic ingredients, they are such big burritos!...but then a shift starts to take place...employees start to cut back on the good offers, not all stores, but some started to hesitate when you ask for more meat/beans, they bang the spoon a few more times to get just a little more beans or meat off....and then BAM! You're getting charged close to $2 extra for 4 more pieces of meat!! The extra charge for meat isn't even listed on the menu (but they do list the extra charge for their sucky guacamole). In short, they took a great idea, watered it down, inflated the prices, and made their bottom line more important than customer satisfaction. Piss on you Chipotle and everything like you.
5	Unlike one of the reviewers who had so many negative things to say, I think Chipotle's portions are indeed huge and extremely generous. I love the customer service I receive everytime I come here. The staff is always very sweet, upbeat, and fun!Chipotle is by far my favorite place to eat because they are organic. Food with Integrity indeed. As far as extra servings, I've never been charged extra for anything. Perhaps that's because I treat people with respect while some might bark out demands. Either way, Chipotle is awesome... and their guac kicks major ass!Hooray for yummy chicken salads with pico!!
4	Chipotle is very good...very similar to Qdoba.  Their burritos are huge and flavorful!!  I don't go here frequently but I would definitely recommend visiting if you haven't been before!!
4	Not a bad spot for some quick southwestern food!  I got the carnitas burrito with lime-Cilantro rice, pinto beans and the rest of the fixings and it was very good!  The chips and salsa are good and everything is fresh! I really like that their meats don't have any antibiotics or hormones! You get a lot for your money.
