1	I don't like to complain about anybody. But she was REALLY bad.This is even my THE my  first review @ yelp. It was my 2nd visit to this bar. First time I had a breakfast at there. It was ok. about average.The bartender worked at that night (June 22nd 2010)was the WORST bartender I've ever seen in my life. I'm working for a 5 star hotel on las vegas strip. I know what is the BASIC of customer skill. Taking care of your customers and paying attention to the customers to see if they need anything( once in a while )Whole time I was there only thing she did was getting custome's drink order, served their drinks and the rest of time she was joking around with her coworkers who just got off their shift and drinking and playing slot machine @her bar. I easily noticed all the customers @ the bar was pretty upset. One lady even filled out a comment card about her. THE BARTENDER did not care at all. She gave a comment card to the lady and went back to her coworkers again.I COUD NOT  believe she's getting pays for doing almost nothing. There's so many hard working people in las vegas lost their job recently. SHAME ON HER!!!!!!
2	we stopped in here for breakfast while waiting for my car at Jiffy Lube across the street. It was OK. Nothing great. It was us and another couple in there. There were quite a few patrons at the bar, but it is a separate area for the restaurant. All closed in with doors. The food was nothing special. I had an omelet, it was on the small side, now do not get me wrong it was enough, I think we get so used to some places with their huge portions, when we see a regular portion it looks small. The potatoes were crispy but I wish the peppers were softer. BF had the pancakes and eggs, he said the pancakes were decent. I thought we paid a little too much for what we had, 16.00 for the two of us. The staff was very friendly. Would I go back probably not. I would not make a special trip there.
2	The only word that comes to mind is "meh."I came in here for a quick lunch while getting my brakes done across the street, and it was "just lunch."Not much of a food menu. I had a chicken sandwich with bacon; it was fine. Just fine. The service was fine, the bar had a couple of regulars. Cute little place, but for all the options in this city, it's really not worth another look from me.
2	A co-worker of mine and I went for lunch here last week.  As you step inside you will notice that the decor is warm and inviting, I really dig the lodge motif. I also appreciate that they have a non-smoking dining room. Ah I might as well be honest, I am putting a lot of filler in my review here because I can't remember what I ordered that day. I remember I had a sandwich, but I really am drawing a blank here. (The food really left an impression on me. LOL)Anyway not really too bad of a place, they just need to step up their game if they want to compete in this resturant category.
1	We have been dining at Foothills lodge for years, in addition to bringing friends and family there too...This past weekend we went in for a dinner, and had the worst experience ever. It took the waiter 10 minutes before he approached our table, and he seemed to struggle to remember easy things like silverware, napkins, and our orders without writing them down. (We were the ONLY patrons in the dining area!)  I ordered the Fish n' Chips, which looked cooked on the outside but were frozen on the inside. Sent back the order and asked for the Chicken Fingers instead...as soon as I got that order I checked it, and sure enough they were raw and pink on the inside. At that point we asked for the check for my husband's food . The waiter couldn't even offer a decent apology for the mistakes-raw food is a BIG mistake...especially when you bring it out twice!! Disappointing because we really liked coming to Foothills.
1	The female Jersey shore look alike bartender on Fridays is for sure snorting something, and watch out for her to scratch her crouch before pouring your drink.
2	Pulled up to this place and couldn't figure out why it looked so dead.  I had spent many a great nights enjoying their killer happy hour.  Once I went inside, I realized why no one was there.  They have ended their happy hour all together, now only offering wheel spins for high hands on video poker.  So sad to lose such a great hangout so close to home.  I hope the next bar revives the happy hour after this one goes out of business.
4	I came here for a retirement get-together. The place has a bar and a lots of seating (but watch out for some wobbly tables). Decor is lodge-like, if that makes any sense.It was Happy Hour from 4-7 PM, and while they were slow at first in getting our food orders out, they got quicker. The appetizers were good. I tried the chicken fingers, and the chicken and cheese quesadillas. Plus, they were half off! Woohoo!Employees and servers were nice. There are 2 pool tables here, but 1 is reserved for tournament play only.This is a great place to host a small get-together. We had a lot of fun and there was just enough room for 25+ people. It was great. I would recommend this place.
5	I love this place everyone is so nice and professional. The food is awesome, they have a great vegetarian selection and their drinks are even better.
1	Marginal.  Food wasn't that great, service was nothing special, it... is not on my to do list to do again.  As far as menu prices, I couldn't tell ya because I knew I wouldn't be back long before I got the check!
4	We stopped in for a random "Let's get a drink night".The place was empty, which we don't mind.90's radio hits, decent drinks and a friendly bartender (male, about 30yo)We had a good time, the bartender was cool to talk to and we'll certainly go back soon!
5	My bf works across the street at O'Reilly's and every time I'm there I can smell the food from across the street. (restaurant closes at 11pm)This place has changed since the first review.  The staff here were so friendly and through with our orders.  I asked the bartender if they had Cherry Pepsi and they did not, BUT she was nice enough to offer to pour cherry flavor in the drink. (plus in my book, keeping the customer happy)A casually dressed young guy asked us if we were ready to order, He was the cook. I was shocked.  I tried the Grilled Chicken Breast for $8 and change. My choice of side was the baked potato and I was again shocked how nice and through he was. He was very friendly and asked if I'd like green onion, bacon bits & cheese. I said to skip the onion and load it up please.  He sure did. I hate sour cream but what they used was actually sweeter than what I'm used to. It was really good!They were both great people, the bartender was attentive.  This place was quiet at 5 in the afternoon and I loved the experience here! I haven't experienced this much service in a little bar like this is awhile. I think it is well worth the 5 stars. The women's room was gorgeous compared to other bars. Super clean too!We left full and happy.  I liked the fact it's quiet with other locals.
4	Took a gander at this bar during a late Friday night. Surprised it was so quiet but it's a neighborhood bar so I guess that's expected. They have great late night specials, low-priced drink/food specials. I HAD THE CHICKEN NACHOS- TOPPED W/the works! Yummy!!  The bartender was friendly, the seats were comfortable, music, plenty of seating, and a separate restaurant area. Overall I'd definitely come back again.
