5	I absolutely love this store even though my favorite one is the one  located on centennial , i love the selection of  cute cloths all arrange by color , excellent price , and material , sexy shoes , the cloths run pretty small so if you are in the chubby side don't waste your time coming here . this is not the place for larger woman I love this place .
4	When forever 21 fails - I know, that's hard to believe but it happens sometimes, trust me - I run to Rhapsodielle! Overshadowed by the big walmart superstore along Rainbow and Spring Mountain, this cute little boutique is tucked away on the far left area of Rainbow Springs Shopping Center next to the dollar tree. On the outside, it looks pretty ordinary but it's a whole different story when you step in.There's club music pumped up  - and for all of you who're done with the techno line-up at forever 21, you will be relieved - which gives for a more pleasant shopping experience. One of the biggest pros of Rhapsodielle is the fact that they arrange their clothes by color and not by style. However, a counter-con is that the clothing arrangements change practically every week so that cute blue top you saw by the entrance yesterday might be pushed back the coming week or it just simply disappears. Lesson: When you find something nice, don't wait for too long before you buy it. In addition to a neat line of clothing, there're jewelry & accessories by the cashier and a shoe section too. I got a pair of brown Oxfords for $16 (found a similar pair for about $60 at a Steve Madden at the Fashion Show Mall) as well as my first club shoes. They were peep-toe floral styled in lace, 5 inch up with a 1.5-inch platform. For a pair that elevated, I gotta say, it was comfortable enough for the night and my feet survived without having to resort to my fast flats. Girls who are shy, I must warn you. Rhapsodielle's fitting room isn't your ideal single-cubicle-with-a-mirror. Once you go past its entrance curtains, you will be led to one big room of mirrors with the occasional hooks for your hangers and a platform to sit on. You will see women stripping around you- sorry guys! You aren't allowed in - and they will, in turn, see you too. If you aren't comfortable with the idea, ask the staff about their return policy, try your clothes on at home and return them if you're not satisfied. And for that, Rhapsodielle gets 4 stars!
5	LOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS STORE!!!I can ALWAYS count on finding what Im looking for here, yall need to get a website so I can shop online!!!
4	This place is like a more trendy business clothes and club wear version of Forever 21. Clothes are affordable ($10-$30) and most of the material seems to be fit for the Vegas weather. I love the clothes there because most of the stuff you can wear during the day then transition it for the night. Everything is arranged by colors. Belts and jewelry are more expensive than Forever, can't say about the quality since I didn't buy any. They also have shoes, not a huge fan of them since they didn't seem too comfortable.Dressing room is a huge open area with mirrors, so if you're not comfortable showing your body off to strangers than you better hope the clothes fit you. No shopping carts either, so try not to grab too much at once.Love this place, and I'm sure I'll come back once a month or whenever they get new clothes.
5	Oh Rhapsodielle, moving here from Los Angeles, I'm so glad you have locations here in Las Vegas.This place is a good alternative to your typical Forever21, Wet Seal, Charlotte Russe, and even H&M. Prices here are way better. A white collared short sleeve button up cost $19.99 at H&M and I found a very similar one here for $10. I don't know how some of you girls say after 2 washes, the item falls apart. How do you girls wash your clothes!?! I've washed my items a couple times already and everything is still in tact (buttons, threads, zippers, colors etc). This place is my go-to store for business attire. Many different styles and colors of blazers, different styles and colors on slacks. So far, everything I buy is true to size.And like what other reviews have said, this is a dressing room. Literally. No personal stalls...just one big room with mirrors all across. So if you're wearing some undergarments that cannot be seen in daylight by others, i suggest to come back and shop on a different day. Nothing like being embarrassed of "girl week underwear"....you know what I mean?! ;)
3	My coworker recommended this store to me so I made sure to check it out when I was in Vegas. Overall I feel like it's a cheaper Forever 21, which is good. I like how everything is organized by color. They have a nice selection of clothes and affordable prices. Nice selection of shoes. But I agree with the other reviews that the quality doesn't seem to be the best. Anndd... I was shocked at the dressing room which like everyone else said, is just one big room with mirrors along the wall... errbody getting nekkid everywhere!! Not that I'm a prude, but I just wasn't expecting it and haven't experienced anything like that before... so it was awkward :/Also the sales associates were not very friendly. I was asking for a pair of jeans in a different size and they seemed like they had to hide their annoyance that they had to go and check for me... the girl at the register said they had one of the size I wanted in stock, but the girl that went to check for it said they didn't have any. So maybe she didn't even really check...Overall I guess next time I come to Vegas I would probably go to Rhapsodielle again, but try a different location.
4	This is an awesome store if you are looking for a fresh fashion look on a ramen noodle budget. The average skirt is about $12, shoes are about $22 and dresses are about $20. Everything is arranged by color/shade. The quality of the clothes? Don't expect a steak dinner for a ramen price... If you are happy getting a cute dress that will only last 3 or 4 washes? If so, this is a great place to shop. I have found the items that I try to hold onto longer do not wash well, they often lose their form quickly and look stretched out. I recommend having patience for hand washing and keeping a sewing kit around for quick repairs if you would like to stretch the life out of your clothes here. I have had NO luck shoe shopping here. Although there is a great deal of variety and it is affordable, I ALWAYS regret buying the shoes 40 minutes into wearing them. The cheap Pleather always leaves me with blisters and the quality sucks. The fashion jewelry rack is reasonably priced and a great value. They do not take AMEX, so bring cash or a Visa. Also, they have a horrid return policy and a ground dressing room. Wear a bra/panties so you feel comfortable trying all of your items on before buying them.
2	This store hasn't changed since it was Q-Mode. The great Rhapsodielle to go to is on Centenial Parkway and Tropical. THIS location is dirty. I went through 5 dresses today to find ALL of them with black markings on the bottoms of the dresses, and black markings in line forms up the dresses. It's one thing to see deodarant stains from women trying on clothes but why on earth is a white dress and a pale pink dress touching the floor?! The selection isn't as big as the other location I previously recomended. Also, what is with the dressing room? You would think with a name change and such that the dressing room would've changed. I don't care to see peoples children in a giant mirrored dressing room while I'm changing.
1	I was visiting home last week from New Orleans. Rhapsodielle as always been a place I've enjoyed shopping because as we all know the prices are reasonable and the selection of merchandise is so vast, it's hard to not walk out of there with something. I purchased five pieces from one of the newer locations on Warm Springs. The next day I wore one of the pieces, which was a maxi dress by the end of the day the dress had ripped at the bottom of the dress. I'm 5'1..my stride is small. I don't walk crazily.  There is no reason this should have happen. I went into the store and they brought out the store manager and he would not allow me to exchange the dress. I didn't  want money back. I would have accepted the same dress and reinforced the bottom seams myself. The man was rude and did not tell me his name. I asked for a corporate number and he gave me a card. The card was actually the business card for the Warm Springs location. I managed a boutique in Las Vegas for many years and currently do so in New Orleans. I know that fighting someone over a $21.00 is not good for business. Rhapsodielle is running a cruddy operation and I will not be shopping there in the future.
5	I don't know how to pronounce this place but I always jam in here when I'm in Vegas!I only wear black at work and I seriously get all of my black pants here--I'll buy 5 pairs at a time.  The prices are cheaper than the skeezy Santee Alley in LA, it's amazing.They have a selection of everything--dresses, shoes, working-girl garb, tons of black clothing--and it's all organized into sections by color, which makes it super easy for me.The quality isn't always the best, but hey you get what pay for.And yes they have a group-dressing room, it's just like in ballet class!  So don't forget your panties;)
2	They may have cheap clothes, but their customer service is cheap too. Not a single person said hi to me or asked me if I needed help. All they did was stare at me as if I'm some alien. And once I asked for help, the girl did help me a little, but didn't seem interested in what I had to say. She gave off that "just get out of the store" vibe. Ugh, I can't stand stores with such horrible customer service. I don't know what the other Rhapsodielle stores are like, but I sure do hope it's not like this one.
3	Giving this store 3 stars because they have a serious lack of accessories!  Plenty of necklaces to choose from, but that's it. A few earrings and even less bracelets.  Which was why I came here.As clothes go, prices are comparable to Forever 21. Lots to choose from.  Employees didn't greet me or anyone else. That's disappointing!
1	I live in the Northwest area of town and right down the street from this store. I went in this store today for the 1st time and for the last time! I will NEVER return to this store EVER! By far the worst customer service I have EVER experienced! Walked by 3-4 store associates and not a single "Hello" or "Can I help you find anything?" It was just a big ball of negativity the moment I walked into this store. Clothes was okay quality not very high but then again for the prices what can you expect. Attention management definitely look into your employees lack of customer service skills. Unless that's the type of business you want to manage which I highly doubt your corporate company would agree with. I will not be returning here and I will advise others to also stay away!!!
4	I hate their return policy but if im in a pitch I'll buy a $25.00 club hooker dress to wear once and pitch it!  PERFECT for that dress you only wanna wear once and don't care about or if you're broke!!!  You're shy this fitting room is definitely not for you!
3	Like a Forever 21 but cheaper. Cute clothes that are very affordable. Most of the clothes are of good quality, some better than others.Fitting room in this location is basically like a woman's locker room. No private doors, just one big room with mirrored walls. This girl was taking pics of her in her outfits when I was in there...HELLO GIRL other people are changing in there too, put your damn camera phone away! This location does have better shoes than the nicer one on Tropical. This location is also more ghetto, and not as spacious.
4	Love the clothes!! My fave place to shop. Affordable and trendy.. almost like forever 21 but with cheaper prices....
