4	WOW! These donuts are just delightful!  I took my 7-year old niece there yesterday and was flabbergasted!   The large selection of donuts, the hot, mostly-tasty coffee, and the cleanliness of the store made it a very pleasant experience.Their long-johns are the longest long-johns i've ever seen!  they even have what i think are Texas donuts, not quite as big as my head, but close. The featured 'donut-flavor of the month' is blueberry.  I'm not a fan of blueberry, but I'd be interested in trying a new flavor every month.  My only criticism: it looks like they had an early rush & ran out of the more popular flavors.  Maybe there was a city-wide craving for chocolate sourcream donuts?Can't wait to go back!
4	i love you lamar whoever you are. Discovered these donuts after a co-worker brought a box of a dozen or so into the office.  I couldn't stop myself and am embarassed to admit i ate 3 and probably would've had another if they hadn't disappeared. think the coworkers thought i was eating for two as they laughed in disbelief that all 100lbs of me didn't even bother making excuses. didn't care as i was in heaven. homer simpson wouldve gone mad for these and i'm still kicking myself for not saving 1 for later. If i ate 2 or 3 of the krispy or dunkin i probably would've keeled over.  These donuts look like generic supermarket ones but after you bite into them you realize krispy kreme and dunkin are no match.  There's only 1 location in Arizona but if you love donuts you've got to try these.
4	They are great, great place, great food, great owners.
5	I LOVE me some good donuts.  My husband and I have even ran all over Phoenix in search of donuts only to find that most of the stores were either out of business or closed for the day, at 11 am.  Ugh.  One day I was craving donuts, this is not unusual, and on the way to my mother-in-law's house my husband pulled off the freeway and into the parking lot of Lamar's.  We were greeted by the warm and cozy smell of fresh donuts.  After looking over their rather impressive collection of delectable looking donuts, I narrowed it down to a maple bar, always my favorite, and a fritter of some type of fruit.  My donuts were absolutely delicious.  They were fresh and tasty.  They were super soft and yummy inside.  Lamar's is a fantastic place for donuts.  The cashiers are always nice too.
4	I'm not really the biggest doughnut fan but hey, every so often I want one.  The price of Krispy Kreme scares me away.  The ghettoness of Dunkin Donuts scares me away from there.  Lamars has good deals and great quality.  I really like that their selection is always different.  Went there before the election and they had special McCain and Obama pastries.  There are always plenty of employees so the wait is never bad and it is right off the freeway so it is convenient.  Can't say I'd go anywhere else.
5	Well, I can't review this as Lamars, but this place used to be a little sandwich shop with the cutest little train themes. According to my fiancee, it's the same cook, and he will make anything from the old menu. So maybe this is the review for the cook.. but it is absolutely delicious! Try all of them, but my fave is the pulled pork.. don't remember what it was called.. some sort of train name. Mention it, they'll know what yer sprayin'!
3	It's hard to find a rewarding donut in this city , and by rewarding I mean , that taste that brings back all the memories I associate with donuts. As a child growing up in Orange County, Ca., we had not only Winchells donuts but Mom and  Pop joints that  were usually ran by a sweet Asian family who knew how to make a great donut. You'd find them on almost every corner. From my earliest donut memories of stopping for donuts on the way to church or mom buying donuts for birthday party  , or later when donuts provided me comfort during my parents divorce to the fun of buying a dozen donuts on the way home from a wild college night , donuts have  been there for me , like my own sacred rite of passage thru my life. Okay that might be stretching it a bit.. but donuts are chocked with memories for me .  So the anticipation was high as I decided on my sick day to stop for a comforting donut or two at Lamars. When I walked in I hoped that somehow a little ole lady would come out from behind the counter but no instead I ordered from the local chain  . The first donut was an old fashioned , it tasted like it was right off of  memory lane , sweet but not sickening, great dough , lightly iced. I was taken back to every yummy donut I ever adored... Great!  I made my second  donut an old favorite , pink iced cake donut ..here is where it all went horribly wrong .. the donut tasted dry ,over cooked,with a gaggy sweet non distinguishable icing...the horror...  Well if you love donuts go to La mars maybe it was an off day for the frosted pink donut..and make sure to have a old fashioned donut for me..
5	Lamar's donuts came very highly recommended by a coworker so my boss brought some to the office for everyone to try.  My favorite go-to donut is the Boston Cream so I decided to sample that one first.  It was good but tasted like a Boston Cream donut from just about anywhere else.  It wasn't until after I tried the Boston Cream that I was told about how the chocolate glazed were the real special ones.  So I gave that one a shot and WOW.... it actually was very very good and dare I say outstanding.  Crispy cream and Dunkin can suck it!
5	Donut heaven ... what more can I say? Very fresh donuts, warm and friendly staff, spacious and sunny area for sitting and enjoying your bites of heaven while leisurely sipping your coffee. The earlier you come (preferably before 1 pm!), the greater your choices.
4	A co-worker brought this into work one Friday... I became an instant fan. I am not big on sweet or donuts but this place is sooo good. The donuts are huge and they taste homemade not commercial like Crispy Kreme. I order the manager's dozen for work for Fridays.
5	Lamar Bar - I don't what they put in them Lamar Bars that makes them melt in your mouth...but they are awesome.Devils Food Donut - My wife "suggests" I drive the 10 miles to get her one whenever she has the urge.Apple Fritter - not as good.Coffee - forget about it.
2	Well i hate to be the bearer of bad news...but these doughnuts are average at best. My co-workers bring some in to work about twice a week and each time they taste the same to me. The doughnuts have to much dough so to speak...and quite frankly they are really to big to enjoy as a doughnut. The last time i checked doughnuts should be a joy to eat...not a chore. I think i will stick to my Krispy Cremes if you don't mind my fellow yelpers. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!
1	Ok, im not getting the great reviews on this place. I FINALLY made it Lamar's before they closed for the day and tried a couple donuts. I have a few problems here. The big one, can we please list that "only the donuts with holes" are $5.49 for 6? Its a bit deceptive to just list the price of 6 and ring up the donuts and have them turn out to be well over $7. Makes me want to buy my donuts from someone else.    Second, these donuts are WAY over priced and they are average at best. The maple bar tastes like you are eating spoon fulls of sugar they are so sweet. And the rest of the donuts I tried were pretty stale. This will be the first and last time I will be going to Lamar's. Give me Krispy Kreme or anyone else for that matter. Thank god for Lamar's we dont have Spudnuts in the valley because they would be out of business.
4	One of my coworkers brings Lamar's donuts in every couple of weeks. They are AMAZING. Besides being abnormally large, they are also really delicious. My favorite is their BOSTON CREAM.
5	Fantastic donuts! Great selection! Coffee was definitely above average!
5	This is the only place for donuts in the valley.  A friend of mine who drives by Lamar's on her way to work, picked some up for the office.  I just happened to be in her office that day.  I usually don't eat donuts, but they were so temping . . . large, fresh, fragrant in the box.  I couldn't resist.  The assortment was overwhelming but I managed to pluck out an apple fritter which was the size of a dinner plate.   It was the best I ever had . . . The next week, I asked her to pick me up an assortment on her way to work, and I'd stop by . . . I couldn't wait to try the Bavarian filled Bizmark, and when I bit into it, every bite was filled with the luscious creme.  I ordered a dozen and ended up making a little tour of North Scottsdale, dropping a quarter one of this and a quarter one of that for my friends and family to partake of the calorie-laden but oh so scrumptious delights.
5	Don't get me wrong.  I love Krispy Kreme as much as the next guy who can no longer see his shoes when he looks down thanks to eating dozens of those little glazed beauties.  But Lamar's is simply a different kind of doughnut, and I love them!  Unlike Krispy Kreme, which is like some sort of little halo of flaky deep fried pastry, Lamar's is a giant, bready, soft, chewy ring of ecstasy, coated with all sorts of delicious icings and glazes.  Is icing and glaze the same thing?  Maybe.  But I'm willing to keep experimenting until I find out for sure.  And Lamar's is the place to do it.  Maybe if their name was Le Mars, then you would have a friendly little petite circle of pastry en Francais.  But, this is Lamar's, and he ain't messin' 'round with no pastry.  If you live anywhere near Lamar's Doughnuts, you shouldn't either.
4	Great place, good donuts, I'm not even a donut person. This place is right across the street from us so it is really convenient for us to get a quick breakfast and some coffee. I usually get the Cinnamon roll cause its the size of a Frisbee and dunk it in coffee. They have a pretty good selection of donuts and coffee, really beats the hell out of krispy kreme.
5	I don't give 5 stars very often...but if you are a donut connoisseur like myself, then you must try Lamar's. There is nothing fancy about this place, but their boxes put it in the best way, "Simply a better donut." I even like Krispy Kreme donuts, but Lamar's is more of a good old fashioned donut. Personally I love the Maple Lamars Bar...but that is because I am a sucker for maple donuts!Also, this place has a drive through, so if you wake up in the morning and don't feel like getting out of your pajamas you can just hit up the drive through at Lamar's and pick up some tasty donuts!
1	Donuts are really good, if they have any when you get there!!!  Went in on a Tuesday morning at 1030, and they only had a total of 10 donuts. Drove out of my way to go there and still ended up at Dunkin Donuts. Very disappointed!!
5	You might see from my other reviews that I have long thought BoSa has the best donuts in the valley.  Well, I have tried Lamar's, and I think their donuts might be a little better.The donuts at Lamar's are fresh and light and tasty.  The reviews indicated the selection is limited late morning,  but at 11:00 a.m. on a Wednesday they appeared to have just about everything in stock.  They keep primarily to the standards, for good reason.  They just make really good donuts.Their one location in the NW valley isn't as convenient for me as BoSa's two locations, and they might be just a little more expensive.  But I vote their taste and selection just a little better.So they get a 5-start rating, the same as BoSa.  If you go to either of these donut shops you won't be disappointed.
5	I tried Lamar's Donuts today as part of free donut day. And now I feel quite bad for not paying for the donut. They are huge and delicious! These are hands down my favorite donuts......and donuts are my weakness!
5	Lamar's has just surpassed Rainbow Donuts on Cave Creek Rd. as the best donuts I've had in Phoenix. All the donuts are fresh and there are many varieties. Many are freaking gigantic, but they do have normal sized-donuts, too! Their coffee is pretty good for this kind of restaurant. Reminded me of the standard Starbuck's offering. I'd get it again, but wouldn't go there JUST for the coffee. Clean, cute store and friendly, helpful staff makes this a good bet for brekky sweets!
5	They have the best donuts in the valley, hands-down.  I like the old fashioned donuts best.
5	Went over to a friend's house yesterday and on the counter was a pretty bakery box with the words LaMar's on it.  Just from the box alone I knew there was something special inside. Curiosity was grabbing a hold of me quickly, had to see what was in that box, I asked my friend and he said go ahead and look, and man I was shocked to see that inside that box was donuts and not just donuts I am taking huge beautiful donuts and they were not in a normal pink donut box. He told me to go ahead and have one, but I really think he said that because at this point I was drooling LOL . There was an assortment of donuts, but I am a big maple lover so I went ahead and got the maple iced donut. Let me tell you this was donut bliss!!!! I used to think BoSa was the best donut joint in town, but they have a run for their money, LaMar's just might be the one!  Now I just have to make it over to LaMars myself!
5	What a great place! We were looking for a Dunkin Donuts, but I'm really glad we didn't find it. The two working behind the counter were super nice and welcoming to us. We came in for coffee, but as soon as we tried one of the samples up on the counter, we knew donuts were in our future. We tried the buttermilk stick, which was old school amazing, and the sour cream old fashioned, which we were given a sample of when the woman heard us talking about it. It was really nice of her to do that.Our coffees were delicious as well. I will definitely be back when in Phoenix next time!
5	The best donuts ever!  My only regret is every time I go they don't have much left and we drive about 45 minutes just for the donuts.  They are open til 2 pm but every time I've gone it's been round noon and they have a very limited selection.  Today I was forced to get a blueberry caked donut for that's all that was left and it was so moist inside, nothing like any other cake donut ever but it just verified to me they are the best donuts around.  Tasty and moist and even day old(for the weekend) they are delish.  Worth the drive!
5	By far the BEST cake donut I have ever had. The store manager, Richard, is amazing to work with and runs a great shop. If you are ever in LaMar's neighborhood I would suggest stopping by!
3	I know a lot of people like their donuts but I just haven't had one I thought was better than an average donut like Dunkin.  You can tell they are fresh but it's just not the amazing donut place I hoped for.
5	These are the world's greatest donuts.  They had quite a few locations in the Las Vegas area years ago that all of a sudden closed once I got hooked.  When I was transferred to Scottsdale I could not believe that I had location within a few miles of me.The donuts are just amazing.  They are not overly sweet like Crispy Creme, but are tasty and fresh.  I honestly cannot imagine getting a doughnut from anywhere else.  I stopped by yesterday to pick up a few dozen for my co-workers, who had never heard of you guys, and they are all now huge fans.I seriously hope you continue to expand in the area.  Your donuts should be up there with the likes of Dunkin, Crispy, and all the other chains in terms of name recognition.  They are amazing.
1	Yeah, don't even eat here.I didn't, so why am I reviewing this place? Simply because upon inquiring about whether or not they use the highly unhealthy (and some would say toxic, or even a chronic poison) hydrogenated oils in their donuts, the answer was "yes."Krispy Kreme and Dunkin Donuts do this, as well, but there's no pretense at those places. Lamar's not only charges premium prices for the sub-par trans-fat riddled doughnuts they carry, but they even lie on their website, claiming: "Our recipes have remained unchanged since 1933." Sorry, folks, but I can guarantee there weren't hydrogenated oils in much of anything in the 1930s.Might as well just go to the nearest KK, DD, or QT if you're gonna eat that kind of crap; at least you'll be paying a more appropriate price for it.EDIT: I have been informed, by one courteous fellow Yelpster, that hydrogenated oils originated in the 1900s. With a bit of study, I found that Crisco, which is composed of hydro-oils, was in use in the 20s. So, perhaps they didn't lie about the recipes. However, the points about the dangers of hydrogenated oils and their ridiculous prices still stand, so *you* should "stand" on the outside of their establishment.
5	This donut shop is great. Very clean with friendly staff. The donuts themselves are massive and very tasty! You could pay less at Dunkin Donuts but the size and quality simply doesn't compare to Lamar's.     Some great donuts here are: original glazed, maple bar, devils food chocolate cake, old fashioned glazed just to name a few. In my opinion I have not yet found a better donut than Lamar's. The only downside if any is the price which for donuts is steep at nearly $10 a dozen but for something you enjoy in moderation these donuts are worth the gold plated price.
3	Fine donuts. Nothing to write home about.
5	This place is delicious.  They had these back in Missouri but they closed out of St. Louis. I'm so glad they opened one in Phoenix! I love donut shops that make their donuts in house and have a wide variety to choose from. If I lived closer, I'd be about 50 lbs overweight from eating here all the time. Beats DD and Krispy Kreme any day.
5	Pretty much the best doughnuts I've ever had, on top of that the service is very friendly as well.  Get there early because they tend to run out fairly quickly, the place always has a steady stream of people coming in and out the door so don't be shocked if you get there around 12  and everything is pretty much picked clean.    Great tasting donuts without any pretension, what you see is what you get.   Lamar's blows the other doughnut joints right out of the water.
4	I don't eat a lot of donuts, so I don't have a huge amount of donut "experience" from which to draw. As a side note - I just don't give out 5 stars loosly. In fact I rarly give anyone 5 Stars. 5 Stars to me means everything was above and beyond my expectations. Lamar's is donuts done the way donuts should be. Which is why I didn't give them 5 Stars.There's not much more to say - every flavor they make is delicious - I don't even know if I could pick a favorite.  They are all absolutely delicious (They are not overly sweet like Krispy Kreme ).  I prefer them greatly over Krispy Kreme and of course any grocery store donuts. Let me tell you why we recently stopped here to get some donuts. I was watching a TV called "Shark Tank" .  Shark Tank is an American reality TV series. The show features a panel of "potential investors", called "sharks", who consider offers from "aspiring entrepreneurs" seeking investments for their business or product. The entrepreneur or "contestant" can make a deal on the show if a panel member is interested. I saw a a compay on the show called Tom+Chee. They serve all kinds of grilled cheese sandwiches and old fashioned tomato soup. Anyway the featured a Grilled Cheese Donut ( a glazed donut cooked kije tou would any other grilled cheese sandwich. I was intrigued  by this thus the need to visit Lamar's Donut Shop. Plus I needed a large sized donut and Lamar's are bigger than most other donuts. By the way the donut grilled cheese sandwich we made was a little to sweet for my liking but everyone else who tried it, loved it.FOOD:  Just what you would expect from a fantasic donut shop - delicious.PRICE: reasonable prices. SERVICE: customer service here isreally nice and helpful.  AMBIENCE: Looks pretty much like any other donut shop  CONCLUSION:  Donuts the way they are supposed to be, which actually isn't as easy to come by as you would expect. If you're into dounuts seriously this place!
4	Visited Lamar's for the first time today.  The yeast donuts are fabulous, especially the Bavarian Creme ones. The cake donuts were good too.  We'll be back. Congrats on 80 years. Thanks for sharing with Salvation Army!!
5	The strawberry doughnuts are wonderful. They are simply the best that I have ever had. Ray's double chocolate is equally yummy, and not dry like most chocolate doughnuts. My husband loves the Raspberry bismark. We drove all the way from Buckeye to the Phoenix location and it will well worth the drive.
4	Donuts, donuts, lots of donuts!!My brother in law kept raving about Lamar's, so we ducked in here on a Sunday afternoon.The donuts are HUGE. Now my experience of donuts, is pretty fantastic. I'm a big lover of donuts. My favorite of course, are my east coast tried and true Dunkin Donuts.Not Phoenix dunkin, but NJ DD. These are pretty similar to the size of DD from back home.I had the chocolate frosted which were very very tasty.They had a nice selection, as well as donut holes and espresso drinks.I had the white chocolate mocha iced-it was good.Not much for ambiance, but it was fine for picking up a dozen and going on our merry way.This place is good! Wish they were open later, but it just means I need to crawl out of bed and get there before 2!
4	My world has been turned upside down, at least in terms of donuts.  I cannot believe I'm raving about a donut shop, but Lamar's really is better than anywhere else.  The most delicious morning sweet treats in the valley!  The more traditional "donuts with a hole" are 89 cents.  About the same as any donut shops.  The "specialty donuts" are $1.89, which may seem expensive, except they're the size of at least two donuts.  One is more than enough for anybody.Oh, and for the reviewer who is complaining about hydrogenated oils...  It's a donut.  It's bad for you either way.  Might as well use whatever makes it taste best.
5	Allow me to set the scene...Driving up to Lake Pleasant on a lovely Sunday morning; 5 excited friends chugging along on the 17.  The driver of our vehicle mentions his hunger and we all quickly agree that we too are hungry, because, you know, it's rare for people to be hungry at the same time, let alone on a Sunday morning.  He then goes on to suggest or demand (depending on hunger level) that he wants donuts. Being the tech savvy group that we are, we all bust out our phones like Quick Draw McGraw to search for the nearest donut place, hoping that we haven't passed something up already.  Opening up the Yelp app and furiously typing in "donuts" in the search box, the first result I get is Lamar's Donuts & Coffee.  I quickly clicked on the map and wouldn't you know it, we are barreling towards it at 65 miles an hour & we'd be needing to exit within the next minute.  Shouting out "I found one! Exit on Bell!" our dear driver exits and proceeds to turn onto Bell road.  We are all so excited that we found a donut place that quickly and that close to us that we might as well have just skipped on into the building holding hands and whistling a light-hearted showbiz tune.  As soon as we set foot in this donut aroma-filled heaven, do our jaws do a figurative drop and the drooling commences.  Setting our eyes upon the rows of amazing looking donuts, we started randomly saying "I want that!" "oooh, I want that one too." etc.  Kristi was there to greet us and asked how our morning was.  Without hesitation we all agreed that we wanted a dozen of these delectable donuts.  Kristi goes on to tell us about the Manager's special and which donuts apply to that.  One in our group asks for a clarification on the word "donut" as it pertains to the Manager's special.  Awesome Kristi, quickly said sarcastically "The ones with the holes in the middle are donuts."  We all had a laugh and ribbed the obviously stupid question, but all in good fun.  Kristi offers us samples of donut holes and, my goodness...what amazing little treats those were. After we made our selections; a couple long johns, several butter reams, glazed etc., we then realized we needed beverages to help us wash down these dreamy donuts.  They have a great selection of coffee and lattes alike.  I noticed chai is on the board and, Kristi, being fantabulous, told us that she can make any Starbucks drink there and that she was quite the superstar.  Without a second thought I asked if she could make a iced chai and she said she could!  Within minutes she had dished out our drinks.Now comes to the payment....We all saddle up to the checkout and Kristi rings up our order and it came to about $27 total..  I only had a $10 on me and everyone in our group just awkwardly looked at each other, seemingly thinking "I hope he/she pays this." Two proceed to pull out cash and then, verrrry slowly, a third pulls out his wallet.  Lamar's sure knows how to hire them; Kristy picked on the third member of our group with a quip that he pulled out his wallet way too slow and that he did that on purpose so as not to have to help pay.All of us gave one of those ,"ooooooooh!!! Dude she burned you!!" and the like. She didn't let up either, the jokes kept coming from all angles and needless to say it gave us that extra kick in our step to continue to start the day off on the right foot.We all said our tearful goodbyes to Lamar's and promised that we'd be back soon. Parting is such sweet sorrow.Hopping in the car to start our journey to Lake Pleasant again, the donuts immediately filled the entire car with their scent and again, our drooling began. It was like reliving the first time we walked into Lamar's, that happened a whopping 15 minutes ago; but it felt like a lifetime instead. Whipping open the box, we were all given our donuts of choice and then silence fell upon the car.  No one spoke a word, but instead we let out occasional "mmmmm"'s as we all enjoyed and savored these fabulous treats.  So rich, so creamy, so perfect.Thank you Lamar's and Yelp for bringing us to this temple for donuts.  If you haven't gone before, you must go immediately!!! Kristi was fabulous and I wish more people were like her; it made our morning that much more enjoyable and we will definitely be back! You rock!End.
5	Probably the best donut place in Phoenix! Donuts are huge! Blue berry donut: really good! It has a good sweetness to it!Red Velvet donut: bomb! It does have icing on it and I was hesitate at first because red velvet can be sweet; however, when I tried it, like the blue berry donut, it was perfect! Who isn't a fan of red velvet?I will definitely be going back here again!
4	My coworkers had brought Lamar's in on several different occasions, and I had enjoyed them every time.Today when I went in to work, the coworkers were feeling Donutty, and I was volunteered to be the buyer of today's dozen.Rolled on down, and they had a drive through. I really wasn't feeling the menu and nobody talked to me anyways, so I pulled thru. Glad I did.Parked, went into a nice clean store with a dizzying array of large delicious looking donuts. Yum. The lady that helped me was very nice and she served me up my dozen to go.My only issue from giving the 5 stars would be the price. Just seemed a few bucks too steep, but hey, I guess it's a rough world and you have to stay in business.I will likely keep patronizing BoSa regularly, but if you are like a picky BMW driving blonde white soccer mom who maybe BoSa  is a little too scary for, Lamar's is the choice for you.
5	I thought I had doughnuts before. These things put everything I've ever had to shame. They are big and very tasty.
5	I'm a HUGE donut fan and I have the belly to prove it. I've tried Rainbow, Bosa and Golden Donuts since I recently moved here and none of them come anywhere close to how good this place is. I actually drive 45 min each way sometimes on a Saturday morning just because they're that much better than anything else that I've had in the valley.Lemon Bismark was phenomenal! Best lemon-fill I've ever had in my life! It's huge and fresh and the powdered sugar is layered on well too. Cinnamon twist was also the best I've ever had. You could taste fresh cinnamon in the bread and the glaze was perfect. The cake donuts are big and they put lots of frosting on them. I could go on and on but you get the idea. Make the drive out to Lamars if you like donuts. If you think Krispy Kreme is a good donut then you're beyond help anyways.NOTE TO ARTEMIS-People go to Yelp to hear people's reviews on food that they actually taste. If you want to give your opinion on the dangers of hydrogenated oils then go take a nutrition class and write a book report so everyone can be wowed by your knowledge. I go here to find good food, not get a lecture about what I "should" be eating. One star for a food you never even tried? What a joke.
5	As much as I love Dunkin Donuts for their iced coffee, their donuts are horrible.  These are the real deal.  If you really want to go over the top, get a Lamar Bar.  It's a chocolate or maple bar filled with white, bavarian, or chocolate cream.  It's fantastic, got be be a 1000 calories but so worth it.  They have heavenly cake donuts too, the kind I remember from years ago, sturdy cake, perfect frosting, sprinkles if you dare.  Service is welcoming and genuine.  I ordered a large decaf coffee and they were just brewing a new pot but it was going to take another 60 seconds so they gave me what they had for no charge (it was almost a full cup). I love it when businesses see the value in taking care of their customers for little to no cost and then gain them as customers for life.
5	I went to Lamar's and got a dozen glaze donut holes, an original chocolate Lamar's Bar, and an old fashioned sour cream. It would be difficult to pick a favorite out of the bunch because they were all spectacular! The donut holes were large with the perfect airy texture and the chocolate Lamar's Bar easily followed suit. If you ever pass by or are within a hundred miles of this place and are looking for a donut just go to Lamar's. You can thank me later
4	For a person who rarely eats donuts I've had a Lamar Donut, a Bosa Donut and a Dunkin Donut all this month. I bought a dozen, assorted frosted donuts for my co-workers last weekend. I ordered a apple fritter for myself. I can't comment on the other donuts because I didn't try one.Now on to my apple fritter. What Bosa and Lamar's apple fritter have in common is the lack of apple. It's a good fritter, but I wouldn't call it an apple fritter. Also, Lamar's fritter is giant in size compared to it's competitors. If I'm craving a fritter and i'm in the area I'll stop in otherwise, I won't go out of my way.
4	Well the other day I was watching Travel station and they had a special about Donuts.  Lamar's was featured on the show and there was a statement that Lamar's was the best donut in the country.  Even won a taste test from police officers and fire fighters!Then my cousin told me that Lamar's had a location here in Phoenix!  I never knew.  We visited on a Monday late morning around 11am and they still have a good selection of donuts.  We ordered the bavarian cream long john and a orange cream donut.  Both were awesome!  I really liked the bavarian cream!  I wish I could try more, but both were filling.Overall Lamar's was really good.  The location was nice and spacious.  I would love to come back and next time order a bunch of donuts. We were on our way to a road trip to northern AZ so that's the reason why we didn't get a chance to try more.
5	I'm so glad Yelp brought us together, Lamar's! We complete each other.Soo, I love donuts. Like, LOVE LOVE LOVE them. So much. There's 1 place by my house that is just okay so we decided to go for a little drive to Lamar's.  It was about 10am on a Sunday & the place was packed, but luckily for us, so were the cases! Yay! The line moved crazy fast & I kinda panicked & just quickly threw out some flavors & she boxed them up. We tried a glazed maple, orange glazed, lemon glazed & a chocolate glazed.  I guess I didn't realize how big these babies really are! When we got home, okay, I'm lying...when I got to the car I ate the lemon one & it was pure donut bliss! Mmmmmmm! So fluffy & fresh. I may or may not of also eaten the maple one before I made it home.They were THAT good.
5	This place rocks especially the donuts. The service is excellent,  atmosphere is what a donut shop should be. I will definitely be returning to get donuts in the future.
5	Yummy donuts! Very light and fluffy. My kids and I came for a fun morning out and were treated to a great experience. It was clean and the service was prompt. While we were there the servers came out and sang happy birthday (quite well I might add!) to a little boy along with a lighted candle on his donut! It was perfect!
4	So good to finally find a good donut shop close to my work. Sure does beat Krispy Kreme IMHO. The maple are delicious.
4	Ive been here before but we came on national donut day and the line wasn't too bad but they ran out of donuts really early so we  our free doughnut and only bought a few others because they didn't have that much of a choice at 830-9am. One of the best donuts you can get
3	Read the reviews on Yelp while I was visiting Phoenix.  I am a Doo-Nut fiend, so was looking for a place.  Lamar's was middle of the road.  I am a classic glazed donut kind of guy and I love them even more when they are hot and fresh.  I think had I been there when the donuts were hot and fresh I would've enjoyed them more.  Yet, it wasn't bad.
5	I'm scared of donuts! I'm GF on the weekdays, but when I indulge.... Donuts, however make me afraid that my will power of steel will melt. The way the sour cream blueberry donut melts in your mouth on a Saturday morning. Oh I wish they carried almond milk, but I'll bring some next time. The next time my imprisoned alter ego breaks loose and says "give my some fried flour and butter!" I'll drive the 6.5 miles to this lovely sanctuary and won't feel guilty bc those are the best blueberry donuts I've had in my travels. My well travelled sister also agrees. Sigh...
5	Since moving to phoenix this is the BEST donut shop I've found ! Don't even bother with Krispy Kreme or Dunkin donuts.. The staff is friendly and smiley , Nice and clean on the inside .. Nice display of FRESH donuts ... Lots of choices and flavors .. They even have a double chocolate donut ! The donut it's self it's nice and airy , not OVERLY sweet , just the right amount of sugar and glaze ;) there's plenty of tables to eat in and a  drive through. Yum yum yum !!!
4	It's a good thing I'm really not a morning person because I usually think about going to Lamar's in the afternoon and  Thank God! they are already closed. :) They have the best maple glazed bar with custard filling EVER. The fritters are the size of a plate. One star off for the coffee, though, it's just not as good as DD's.
5	I lived in Phoenix most of my adult life. With that said Lamar's Donuts & Coffee would have to be one of the best places to pick yourself up a dozen donuts. The staff is friendly, the store is clean, and oh yeah the donuts taste amazing.
4	Best coffee and donuts in Phoenix.  Coffee is Very smooth with no bitter after taste.  Great staff.  One girl in particular is really great. .. don't know her name but she is always very helpful.
4	Not everyday is perfect.  I drive a little ways to get here and not usually dressed to go inside.  This morning I had Lamar craving. Drove over and was greeted in drivethrough. Asked to wait.  It's hot so I drove to window where is shady.  I was the only vehicle; i waited a pretty darn long time... honked my horn and tapped on window.  I was just getting ready to call them on my cell. .. and was in process of writing angry review when they came to window and profusely apologized. ... it was truly an oversight and they are busy inside.   I got my order. Everything was good. Things happen sometimes. .. but it's how a business handles them that matters.   Like always the staff was wonderful and i will be back.
5	Super legit donuts!  Someone at work brought these in last week and unfortunately, I did not get to sample one.  I decided to grab some this morning.  I ordered a dozen and brought them into work to show some love for my new coworkers.  The donuts were delicious!  I got all raised varieties and everyone loved them.  I will be back to try out the cake donuts.  These are up there with Bosa Donuts as the best I have had so far in Phoenix.  It's real close to work which is good and bad.  Good when you want a donut, bad when you are on a diet!
5	Easily the best donuts in phoenix.. or anywhere else I've been! Great selection of donuts and the coffee is great as well!
5	So good the glaze, cherry cake and the double chocolate is so good. Better then Dunkin donuts and Krispy Kreme is ok only good when fresh and warm .
5	It's delicious donuts, what's not to like?! My personal favorite is the classic donut with some chocolate frosting on top. I can eat those all day. Their cake donuts are a bit dense for me, but still delicious. I always come in thinking I'll only buy one or two and then walk out with half a dozen. Whoops...
5	I finally tried Lamar's after my friend's regular Facebook posts about this place.  He was right.  The donuts are fabulous.  Much more fresh tasting than Dunkin Donuts and Krispy Kreme.  They have two sizes of donuts.  We tried the larger ones and they were so good!  The double chocolate donut is like a chocolate glazed donut with chocolate topping.  My favorite.  Only downside is the larger donuts were $1.89 a piece so I couldn't buy as many as I like.  We will definitely be back for a yummy weekend treat.5 fabulous stars for this joint!
5	This is the best donut place around!Love it here My family and I go regularly its great!
5	Best doughnuts in town ! Crispy Apple Fritters & Old Fashion Buttermilk. Their Cherry Glaze ROCKS. Every doughnut tastes soooo fresh. Try Lamar's one time and you will never buy doughnuts anywhere else.
