4	The food here isn't so good but the playmates are known to stop by on a regular basis... plus, they have one of the more impressive views of the strip... overall, more than worth a visit.
4	Okay, its not the hippest place in Vegas... but I'm giving it 4 stars just for the view! If you really want a hip place with long lines and really expensive drinks try the Foundation Room (Mandalay Bay), if not, VooDoo lounge is a safe bet.
2	It is truly a depressing thing to have to downgrade a formerly-great place, but if our experience last month is any indication the Voodoo Lounge has taken a definite nosedive.First strike:  You're hit up for $20 a head to get in if you're female, $30 if you're male - so remove $50 from your wallet per couple at the outset just to get in.  I'm not normally one to p*ss and moan about cover charges, but I'm a big fan of the concept of "reasonable."  If you've got a kickin' live band and open dance floors, then yeah, I'd consider $50 steep but "what the hell, it's Vegas and we're here to have fun," and just go for it.  As it was, we forked the money over anyhow, but when we got to the top discovered to our disgust that each of the outside dance decks had roughly 60% of the floor - almost the entire periphery, which means the view - roped off for some "reserved" parties.  There was a circle roughly 20 feet in diameter left in the middle for us Plebes to cram into, whilst a clutch of sleazy, overweight types in poorly-fitting suits and overstuffed dresses enjoyed their mostly-deserted couches and copious floorspace along the railings.  The scene was bookended by a couple of motionless, stone-faced mafia-thug types who stood there staring at everybody else as if there were something important in need of guarding.  I paid money for... this? Second strike.Third strike:  Now I do realize that the gangsta rap phenomenon of the Decade of Ugly has inexplicably been propped up and kept around well into the 21st Century like some moldy, reanimated corpse, but...  I'm wondering if I'm the only one to question whether some amplified loser shouting "I'm gonna slip that hoe the snake" and other choice gems is something that a.) has some kind of aesthetic value to a crowd of people who have presumably emerged from the Beavis & Butthead phase of pre-adolescence and b.) is the kind of thing likely to get anyone in the mood for some serious romance.  'Cause I'm just not clear on that.  A tangential issue, I know, but while I'm a big fan of Voltaire's famous statement on the right to free expression, a couple hours of that is enough to convince anyone that we have indeed become a nation of tasteless pigs.   Damn, what I wouldn't give to hear a solid live band slammin' home some soul-satisfying blues - (the name "Walter Trout" springs immediately to mind, by way of example...) People who can actually play musical instruments - what a concept, huh?   Now *that* would justify the price. But dance floors constricted to postage-stamp size miles from the Voodoo Lounge's rumored city views, gutter-sludge audio, and (oyeah!) - airport-priced drinks... We paid through the nose to get into... *this*?I hate to say it, but another formerly-enjoyable Vegas night spot has dumped itself into the garbage.  Truly lamentable.
3	I have only been for drinks and dancing, so I can't comment on the food.  One of the best selling points of this place is the roof top deck.  Unlike the one at Pure at Caesar's, the deck is on a pretty high floor and a little away from the strip, so you get a great view.  The music is pretty decent as is the crowd, though you shouldn't expect the same caliber that you would find at a Pur or Tao (but the prices at VooDoo are also much better).
4	This is probably my favorite bar/lounge in Las Vegas, though maybe I have only gone there on good nights. Every time I visit Las Vegas I try to make it here just because of the amazing view. It is breath taking to say the least. I have never paid a cover charge either which makes me wonder how I managed that, but maybe I went before 10pm which is when a lot of places start charging a cover. Also I have never eaten here so I can't comment on the food. Drinks are fine and not watered down. So mostly I just recommend this place because you can drink, relax, and be on top of the world looking over a glowing Las Vegas.
5	The best club in Las Vegas.  The Best View in Las Vegas.  Some people bitch about the cover charge, but if you go to the top of the Sears's tower you have to pay, and there is no playmates or drinks.  ORDER THE WITCH DOCTOR!  25 bucks but it is enough to make a 6-3 200 lb drinkin' man woozy.  The thing is huge!  It is a fishbowl with 7 types of rum, dry ice and red juice.  It is foaming and bubbling and delicious!  Outside in warm weather is the place to be the major draw for me.  Good bar outside, great dance floors and a view from 60 stories up that cannot and never will be beat.  The view is worth the cover charge.
4	Sitting on top of the Rio- gives you another stellar view of the city- its a little more spacious giving that REAL outdoorsy feel- I have a little height phobia- and being here did give me a little vertigo...Fear not for  those drinks will help appease the symptoms...dance baby dance!
4	Ok so how cool is the Rio?  It's ok - for the 3121 club, Chippendale's etc... But Voodoo Lounge is a class on it's own. They have the Voodoo Cafe on the 50th floor where they serve Cajon/Creole food. Lets just say the menu is not the most innovative. But right above that on the 51 floor is the Voodoo Lounge. When you get out of the glass elvelator ride like you were on a Willy Wonka Express with a great view of the city...you walk into a black light lit  reception with chalk drawings of Voodoo symbols and music. Voodoo has a unique patio area that overlooks the city. Like Moon, it has two levels of patio. The bartenders are also Flair bartenders. The drinks are average 8 dollars. It is popular for the infamous drink called the "witch doctor." It's kinda a really cool atmosphere. One setback is you can smell the food from downstairs. Sometimes it's just not the best smells of seafood when you're trying to drink :) The house band is pretty cool. Especially if you're Jamming out to "Could this be Love" and it's a white dude singing it. Their go go dancers....Mostly hot....so not bad. Overall it's a good club. You can talk to people without having to overly strain your voice. It's a good crowd because it's a mix of locals and tourists.  Cover....I'm not sure. I hate paying cover ;)
4	The VooDoo Lounge is a good place to get a club vibe without all the club atmosphere.  Of course, as everyone mentions the view for one is spectacular.  Anytime you're on an open level that far above the city, the panorama is just breathtaking.  There are your usual club things: Blacklights and a sunken dance floor and go-go dancers in tiny skirts on platforms.  But there're also places you can find to SIT.  And there are places outside that aren't so freakin' loud.  (When did I get so old??) Drink prices are ri-dic-u-lous, but I guess someone's got to pay for the elevator.
4	come before 10pm and you probably won't have to pay a cover. The patio with the view is breath-taking... especially if it's a windy night.Unfortunately don't expect much from the drinks or the bartenders. Stick to the beer and shots, and you can't go wrong.
2	The witch doctor clenched three small dolls in his gnarled fist. While they looked nothing like me or my friends they had been carefully doused in our favorite liquor, had hairs on top surreptitiously plucked from our heads and were clothed in socks, missing from our last visit to Vegas. The witch doctor cackled with maniacal laughter knowing he would royally kill our buzzes in Vegas.The torture began by throwing all his victims' dolls together, bundled tightly with twine for over an hour and a half. He planned his night of nefariousness while dining on gruel of enemies' bones. At the same time my friends and I were in painful limbo, outside Body English, packed like sardines, begging to be let in. Little did we know we were part of a sadist's sick game. http://www.yelp.com/biz/GCRvrxMSC1nzShyM4Y-guQ?hrid=mYQzT_gkw5feEE4GSNMszgThe witch doctor snorted to announce the end of our wait. He raised us and other dolls high above his head - reciting the most evil of incantations - at the same time we rose in Voodoo's elevator with only dudes. Were there any women at this bar? A perverse thought entered the Witch Doctors mind, "Rather than burning or stabbing these infidels with pins, I will bludgeon them to death! But with what, what do I have in my kitchen? Hmmm... Yes, yes that's it. How twisted... Sausages! I will bludgeon them with sausages!" Who knew a package of Johnsonville Bratwursts could be part of a black magic ritual?We entered Voodoo and felt compelled to move to the rooftop deck. We found ourselves helplessly surrounded by March madness, NCAA fanboys in baseball caps, and white trainers. I was in Vegas hell. The witch doctor spanked the dolls mercilessly with the bratwurst from his fridge. We were knocked back and forth as dudes and their dude's friends pushed to get a better vantage point of a fat girl dancing with a skinny guy. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9kBOvbyoJIEventually the witch doctor grew tired from a busy night tormenting and cast the dolls aside. His pet dog smelled the snausage scented dolls and picked the blond-haired one up. He shook it vigorously before setting it down beside its bowl. Compelled by an unseen force I gyrated my hips uncontrollably in the Casino.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uznkVwb7z4Fortunately for us, we made it through the night, unpinned, unburned, smelling vaguely of sausage.
3	this joint isnt bad. the view is the best ive seen and its surreal to be dancing with the sky above and the city below you as you get your drink on. undescribable. bring your rio key card and you can bypass the line or come by 10pm and you wont have to wait too long. i like dancing inside then getting sweaty then taking it outside to cool off under vegas' warm nights.
3	Voo Doo lounge probably has one of the best views of vegas--great for picture taking with drunk friends.  My review is based on eating dinner there with a group of friends for a bachelorette party.  For some reason, even though we had reservations, they went ahead and pushed our reservation 30 minutes than was originally planned.  Other than that, the service was pretty good.  There isn't tons of food to choose from, but the menu has all the basics, at a reasonable price--between $26-$40 a plate.
3	This place is alright...it does have an amazing view since it sits on the 50th floor of the Rio so I'll bump it up a star.We had a reservation at 8:30, got there at 7:45 hoping we can get in earlier, only to find out that they wouldn't be able to seat us until 9??? I don't understand. What I also found to be a bit silly was that the same table they sat us down at was completely empty when we got there at 7:45. We were able to sit at 8:30. Drinks were a bit watered down. I had a couple and didn't even get warm...not even a slight buzzy tingle.  This is Vegas, come on I NEED TO BE DRUNK or at least on my way to being super faded.
2	I came to VooDoo Lounge for my cousin's wedding reception, with a party of about 30 people. Being that it was my first trip ever to Vegas, the view from the 50th floor roof deck of the Rio was astounding, with great photo ops at night with The Strip all lit up.Aside from the view, my experience here SUCKED. Really. One of the two stars I've rated it is just for the view, because the food was nothing to write home about, and in fact, they seriously fucked up a lot of the event.First off, our reservations were at 6pm, but we weren't seated till 6:30 because they weren't ready for us. It was not a big deal, as we were able to enjoy our cocktails outside on the deck. When we finally were seated, the bride almost had an aneurism because they had spelled her last name wrong on the menu. That is serious bad form, not even getting the bride's name right on a keepsake item. The dinner was a four course meal with several items to choose from for each course. Well, somehow, the wild mushroom ravioli appetizer got replaced with buffalo wings, and they also had a spinach artichoke dip available but they didn't tell us about it. I only found out when I said I wasn't going to order a first course because I don't eat meat, and the waiter mentioned offhand that they had the dip as an option as well. It took probably about 45 minutes for the first course to arrive. Unbelievable. The salad course came not too long after the appetizers, but by this point we were all getting restless. We had four children under the age of four in our party, and the kitchen managed to bring food out for them right away to keep them calm. The portions for the kids were out of control - they received giant dishes of chicken fingers, french fries, and a HUGE bowl of pasta primavera (kids eat vegetables??) that not even a large adult would be able to finish. Oh, and a note on the salad - the menu stated that the "mojo caesar salad" came with molten gruyere croutons...but not a crouton was to be found on any caesar salad plate.By the time the entree course arrived, no one was really even hungry anymore. My cousin the groom had ordered the Ahi tuna entree...and found it so tough that he sent it back and ordered a steak instead. Everyone was underwhelmed by their entrees. By this point, the wait staff seemed to have forgotten we existed and we were all in serious need of water refills. Desserts came, which were fine, but nothing to write home about. Not to mention that the groom's entree arrived just before the dessert, so he was eating his steak while we ate our sweets. We were all pretty pissed at this point. I REALLY, REALLY hope they gave my cousin and his wife a big discount on that meal, because it was horribly botched. Nothing about it was right. It was supposed to be a two-hour affair, but it ended up going at least twice as long. When we left, we saw a long ass line of people waiting to get in. Why??? The view, I suppose. I highly do not recommend going to this place with a big group for a big event. I suppose it COULD be ok for a dinner with your significant other, just don't order the tuna. I wouldn't bother waiting in line to get into this place, either. I hear there are other places in Vegas with great views and better service.
4	our dinner consisted mostly on the seafood platter and their appetizer sampler. OMFG there was too much food! it was tasty, though. i tried fried frog legs for the first time..mmm tastes like chicken. we had oysters, surf and turf, crab legs, lobster tails, calamari, jumbo prawns, crabcakes, etc. damn! it was a feast! the drinks were yummy. since i was the bride to be, my maid of honor ordered the witch doctor in a supersized glass. mmm 6 kinds of rum. oh man, by the end of the night -- i was spinning!!
3	Always great music, although the techno/electronic dj inside was a little slow on varying the beats, became too hypnotic (this is not a rave).  Need to vary to get people going.  The outside hiphop, with all the suburban 'college' crowd TRYING to bop with 'urban flava' and hold on to their beers at the same time.  Went for the first time on a Thursday.  Slow to generate a crowd.  Interesting dynamic.  More people interested in 'hooking up' than dancing.  Mixed age crowd, with a large wedding party celebrating.  Not a bad time, but glad I get in free as a local lady.  Great looking club, amazing view of the strip.  Better on Fri. and Sat. evenings.  Go for the view or with a fun, loud group.
4	Here's a tip.  Make a reservation for the restaurant and you will get to go to the bar upstairs and not have to pay the cover charge.  Got it?  On with the show...The drinks here are AWESOME.  Expensive as shit though.   The drink menu is pretty cool too.  Rumor has it people even steal the drink menus but I can not confirm or deny this.My first dining experience here was so-so (ahi tuna steak a little overcooked).  Second time, much much better (awesome filet).  The view from the top of the Rio is really cool at night, bring a camera if you do that sort of thing.  All in all, its a pretty hip and cool Vegas-y bar and club.  If you don't like "beautiful people", stay far far away and perhaps Sizzler may be more up your alley.
4	Most has already been said about this place:Sweet view at night.  Eat dinner here so you can go to the club up top for free.  When  I was here the DJ played Latin music, not our style but we still got a few good pictures with a view and left.The food is great, well worth the price.  Especially this popcorn style shrimp they have for an appetizer and it comes with this green dipping sauce.  I don't know what it was but my bf and I talked about how good it was all week long.Lastly, the drinks are great.  I had my first fish bowl drink here!  I think it was about $35-40 pretty expensive, but worth it.  And it had dry ice in it, so it fogged over the cup and practically covered our table.Neat experience for sure, make a reservation and go late at night so it is dark outside and request a table by a window over looking the strip.  Best view.
3	I have to admit, you can NOT beat the view!  Dancing on the roof of the 51st floor?  You can see the whole city!  The music was good; mostly hip hop outside, house/techno inside.  We went on a Thursday night so it wasn't too crowded.  Enough people that it kept it interesting, but open enough that you had room to move.  The crowd was totally mixed; young/old, dressy/casual, couples/singles, groups of guys/gals, friends just having fun/couples grinding on the dance floor...The downside is they don't serve water, you must pay for it and it was super expensive!  Also there were no places to sit for us common people, everything was roped off for VIP only.  Overall, a fun time.  If anything, go for the view!
4	Here's another one of my reviews I think you should ignore because I don't know what I'm talking about.  I don't club.  I don't get clubbing.  I don't get standing in line, fashion shows, $6 bottles of water and $13 drinks.  I'd rather go dance at a dive bar with a blues band or a cheesy DJ and drink beer.  But every now and then you have to get together with the girls, dress up and go out.  By every now and then I mean like annually.But I have been to the VooDoo lounge twice (in three years) and had good fun both times.  The crowd is mixed, not all trendy hipsters (not that I'm against trendy hipsters, I just like variety), and fun.  I met fun people at the bar, and met some fun girls in the ladies room line.  The view is of course fabulous.  And the second time we got in the VIP section, which doesn't really seem much different than the rest of the place and not that hard to get into.  My new drink discovery at this bar: Sugar free red bull and peach vodka (thanks, bathroom chick).  It gives you wings.They don't have Jagermeister.  In retrospect, this is probably a good thing.
3	From what I remember, this was a pretty cool spot. Things got real blurry after about 4 Double Jack &Cokes, 4 Coronas, a shot of Patron and a "Witch Doctor". There was about 20 of us here for the Hawaii vs. UNLV pre-game party in September and we had a great time. The view is spectacular, but somehow not as impressive as Ghostbar's...
1	So we were on a "list" to get in here for a work party which means we got to bypass the totally hopeless 5-person line and not pay. Praise jesus, because I wouldn't pay for that crap if a single Brad Pitt were waiting at the top with a marriage proposal. First, you have to ride to the top in a windowless elevator crammed in with a bunch of drunken, clueless, smelly Vegas visitors. Yuck. Doors open and. the. decor. is wack. I'm talking somebody went freakin' crazy with the black walls and neon scribbling that glows weirdly with some blacklight backlighting. Voodoo? I'm confused. Drinks are so expensive we didn't even bother. The flairtenders dick around with them so long you're essentially getting a flavored water anyhow. The view gets half a star and the people watching gets half a star (and a quarter of that people-watching is for the downstairs doorman talking into his sleeve in order to manage that frenzy otherwise known  as the 5-person line). I did feel mighty sorry for the poor practically naked dancer that had to perform on the outside deck in the freezing wind. Somebody stick a $20 in her boyshorts. There are better clubs in Vegas than this.
4	Looking for a place to get some drinks and just enjoy the great vegas view....Voo Doo Lounge will give you all that, without the cover. It's atop Rio so it's off the strip but it's great for avoiding the crowds.It's not trendy like Pure, and Tao, and all the other places but you also won't have problems getting in.4 stars for a great place to have some drinks
3	Don't show up later then 8pm, the cover was $20 for a kinda-small over-rated bar, I mean the place is fun and has an amazing view, but I think I was just maybe to hyped about it and got dissapointed.The signature drink "What the witch Dr ordered" was just TOO sweet for my liking and @ $30 that was dissapointing as well, now don't get me wrong I finished the drink of course!Get there early fo a chance to sit down and enjoy the sunset, they open @ 5pm if I am not mistaking.
4	VooDoo Lounge is a good place to get drunk, chill, and if you find the right people, get your dance on.  It's at the Rio which is far away from everything else.  It has probably one of the best views of Las Vegas and the strip since it's on the 51st floor.  The only caveat is that there's only one elevator but it's a quick ride.  There's two main areas, the lounge area with the live band and the outside patio area with the DJ, bar, and the view.  The band was decent but if you want something current musically go outside and don't forget your jacket!  Heat lamps can only do so much in December.It wasn't too crowded and it was what I expected in the lounge sense.  Lots of places to sit, a huge bar area with flashy bartenders, good drinks (try the witch doctor), an average outside area, and a good mix of people from locals to tourists like me.  It's not entirely Asian which is a prerequisite in my book!I got my party on without having to pay for cover, having 10 girls per 1 guy which is a must in the bigger clubs, and even managed to get a few smooches from a cute white girl.  Score!
4	The drink of choice is the witch doctor.  The drink is like 64onces and has drops of dry ice in it.  The witch dr has side effects.  My best friend ended up dance'n with girls bigger than him and madeout with a ladie who was 50 years old.  Good drinks and nice view, but is a bit off the strip.  Older bar so its not jam packed like lax and rain.
2	My friends and I had dinner at Voodoo Lounge.  I highly recommend reserving a table next to a window, as the view from the 50th floor is breathtaking.  It still warrants the 2 stars: 1 for the restaurant and 1 for the lounge. Star 1:- Service was slow for our group of 11.  We didn't have anything extravagant and it seemed like the surrounding tables got their food in no time.  - Stingy on my seafood plate.  At $26, I got an oyster shooter, one on a half shell, a baby lobster tail, and 2 shrimps.  I was still hungry and looking pathetic, leaving my friends to give me bites of their dishes.  - My friend's pork chop was drier than, oh, I don't know, a Vivid girl?  It needed some kind of moisture.  (If you've read this far into this review, I will give you a $1)- Another friend of mine had the sea bass, which was accompanied by chili.  We both agreed that it was an odd combo- The filet mignon was tender, but my friend said it was cold about halfway through the big chunk o' meat.- Splitting a plate will set you back an additional $10.  How about you split it yourself and throw that $10 on black at the roulette table?The goods at the restaurant - They served yummy bread.  Olive loaf, cranberry walnut, and raisin almond.  I suggest loading up on the bread and just waste your money on libations.Star 2:Awesome view of Sin City.  However, once you go back inside Voodoo, you're serenaded by an annoying Asian Justin Timberlake wannabe.  No, dude, ain't no body love you like I love JT.
4	My experiences (all two of them) at the VooDoo Lounge have been great! The first time I was there was for a large work function so I never saw a price tag on anything (which was great, cause I got to eat whatever I wanted). And there was always someone willing to buy rounds and that's really the part I remember. That and the decor is really fun. Oh wait! And the VIEW! Wow that's spectacular. It's the best view I've seen from Vegas, though I have not been to the top of every hotel and am not really into going to ultra trendy (pricey) bars. My second experience didn't start great. Our reservation was for a certain time and we weren't seated for at least another thirty minutes. But, sh*t happens and I get that. Plus we got drinks at the bar and the interior is really fun to look at. Soooo, check this place out for the view and get some drinks. I don't recommend going late when you have to pay a hefty price to get into the small club.
4	this place was better than I expected..$20 cover for guys wasnt bad for a Saturday night. At first the crowd was a little older but I guess they had slot machines to hit later in the night.Was expecting to blow alot of money here but didn't really have to after ordering 2 witchdoctors and a couple of shotsMusic was kinda wack until later in the night (refer to older crowd above)...cool view of the strip and good atmosphere...had lots of fun
4	Came here after dinner for a drink and to check out the view.  The ride in the elevator is amazing enough, but the view from outside is outstanding, you can literally see everything in Vegas.  Only drawback is that it's at the Rio, and obviously very far from the strip.  Hint: we took the free shuttle from Harrah's, which was near enough our hotel, to get there which took about five minutes and cost us nothing.  Worth checking out, and those witchdoctors sure looked good!
1	fuck a $20 cover. fuck house music. fuck your flair bartending. give me my damn drink.
4	Wow, I guess I had a different experience than most here.......I really enjoyed it, they had a live jazz band.......and I just wanted a place to relax, have a cocktail, and enjoy the view.  Thought it was a nice place for what I was looking for.
2	High prices for food and drinks that got mixed reviews from the party I attended there. The wait staff was busy, granted, but was hard to track down in addition to their negligence.     The club on top has a really nice view and is more fun when a lot of people are out dancing. However, I agree with a lot of the other posts that the music choice is weak. On top of that, the DJ kept trying to mix and scratch and was doing so off rhythm or in a way that demoted dancing as an option.    Go somewhere else unless someone's paying for you. Even then, it's smoky so heads up.
2	I have to rate the bar and restaurant seperately because they're quite different.First, the restaurant.  Pretty darn horrible.  My date and I went there to grab some appetizers and drinks before going out for the night.  Maybe we made a mistake by telling our waiter and his "assistant" that we weren't going to be there long, because we were treated like crap for the rest of our visit.We ordered the VooDoo version of a fruites de mer plate and it was pretty standard stuff.  The lobster portion was large, but a tad overcooked and rubbery.  They had a couple of oyster shooters in vodka on the plate, and the vodka was God awful, really nasty stuff.  The shrimp were shrimp.  Not bad, and it was $48 for two, so my expectations weren't too high.While we were eating my water glass was empty for at least 15 minutes of out meal.  Ouch.  When it was filled our server reached in between me and my date right in the middle of our converstion to refill it.  Besides being rude, the waitstaff was downright unprofessional.  I can take some rudeness if you're good at your job, but these people weren't.  And at the end of it, for appetizers and drinks, I still dropped a bill on it.  Not really worth it.As for the lounge/bar, pretty good.  Get there early (around sunset's good) and avoid the cover charge.  They mix good strong drinks, so I can over look the "flair."  One of the best views in town, hands down.
4	We were lucky in that we reserved a table ahead of time which included entry fee, seats, 2 bottles of Skyy vodka, and unlimited mixers. Quite expensive but worth it! It's on the roof of Rio so the view is spectacular. I'm amazed at how unafraid the go-go dancers are being half-naked and dancing on the roof's ledges! The music was pretty good and the live band I could do without.
3	I love their outdoor scene, I like the interior design, standard well done club in corporate setting, aka, they let anyone in, conventioneers, locals, your mom, etc. Not the hippest or most beautiful crowd. Also, the people I was with just freakin love those cigars, the vibe is laid back enough to talk and have cigars, but it really turns me off. This might be a cigar haven for others. Kinda square vibe, not great music, but a safe place to party with clients if they're staying at the Rio.
2	Personally I love the "local ladies get in free" promo, this place isnt one of them...The Charge to get in? ha...forget that! Expensive drinks? It better be one HELL of a drink! One Star: Lovely View of the StripTwo Star: Goes to my friend for hooking us up.
4	Had so much fun the night I went because we were able to dance with the band! Not a popular destination but it works well if you want to get trashed with a group of fun people. The atmosphere was laid back and if you're nice enough to the bouncers, you'll get in without cover. The patio was also a fun place to hang out. The view was amazing too. The music was not the best but if you're intoxicated, it won't matter!
4	Just spent my first time at a poker table here in Vegas.  $1 small blinds and $3 big blinds.  Seemed harmless enough.  With my buddy Bates who aced MIT in 3yrs but has social issues (most genious types do).  He and I bought in for $200 each and had two hours before our reservations at the Voodoo Steakhouse in the Rio (where we're staying).  Somehow or another, and don't call it beginner luck because I know the rules of poker, I end up $500 on the positive side of things.  At this point I walk away.  $500 is enough on the first night.  Bates on the other hand is up about $1000.  I go to the room to watch some hockey and wait another half hour before our dinner reservations. I come back to the table to find  Bates stacked with the "great wall of $5 chips"... I'm talking about $2500 worth of $5 chips.  I beg him to leave but he's bombed and continues to blurt out loud, "these people suck at poker and I'm gonna take all of their money".  Which he probably would have, but he got so drunk he did not know what he was doing.  I watched him place $100 bets without ever looking at his hand.  Anyway, I could not get him away so I left and spent my first dinner in Vegas alone.  I could care less. Which gets me to the point: I sat down and ordered Kobe carpaccio as a starter, plus a martini with blue cheese olives.  It was served with roasted golden beets and a very fine goat cheese rolled in lavender pollen.  Friggin awesome.  For the main course, I had a kobe ribeye (austrailian) that was brilliantly served with a veal shank bone roasted so the marrow ended up crispy on top.  This was truly a religious experience, topping the kobe ribeye with marrow.  Wine, you ask?  I kept it on the downlow... a 1991 DRC Richeborg did just well.  Just kidding... they had that on the menu for $15,000.  Hahahaha... I went with a 2001 Gaja Brunello for $250.  All in all, I spent $450 of my winnings on an amazing dinner.  BTW - security just dropped off Bates.  They found him passed out on the 5th floor.  He's sound asleep.  I went back to the poker room and the guys at the table said he gave every $ back over time.  Sucks to be him.  I tried at least 5 times to get him to leave.  Oh well. Good times in Vegas!
3	The place is kind of ghetto, and I don't know why.  My friend Ryan had the same opinion of the place when we went there a couple of days ago, so I guess it's not just me.  I don't know... I just think Voodoo doesn't really know what kind of a vibe it's going for, so it never really achieves any particular vibe.  The outside lounge is cool, much in the same way that the Palms Ghostbar or Moon are -- you have a great view from the bottom of the strip to the top.  However, at Palms, the bartenders are actually friendly, and the drinks are ridiculously overpriced.  Voodoo wanted to charge me $6 for one of those mini bottles of water; at Moon, I've gotten a glass of water for free, and without attitude.  Hey, Voodoo, but I'll be at Palms if you need me.Keep bringing the bands for free, though.
2	I was ready to give this place 1 star but the friendly bartender and the stiff drinks bumped it up!Okay, this place is where people, who couldn't get into the nice clubs, go! Like seriously, 95% of the guys that were there were not very good looking! We mostly stayed in the outdoor patio because they blasted hip hop music...but they had no DJ, it was like dancing to a really loud radio! Charged my non-local friends $30 cover...what a freakin rip off! They charge $40 cover at Moon...and that place is 10 times nicer than this place! Take your money and go across street to the Palms! They have better looking people and a live DJ!
2	I have been to the place about 5 times... and i think I finally had enough to never go back.  The bouncers are the biggest douchebags on the planet.  They somehow think they are big shots although nearly everyone who walks into that bar/lounge probably makes double what they do.  It seems like it's their one chance to feel important in life. I got some VIP admission Voodoo Lounge passes from a friend at the hotel, and I had some friends come into town  ( The card must be used before 11:00pm).  We get there at about 10:20 and present the tickets to the bouncer at the front.  He said these do not warrant a line skip, although they have 3 out of the 4 times before.  We patiently wait in the long line while a couple of the girls went down to the restroom and grabbed a few beers for us.  At 11:02pm we finally made it to the front, the bouncer (the one who i presented the tickets to at 10:20pm) says "these tickets are only good until 11:00."  I said "we got here at 10:20, showed you the ticket and waited 40 minutes in line and we cant go in?"  He said, "Nope sorry, bro."The girls met us back  by the elevator on the way up, and did not know we were denied.  The bouncers allowed the girls to use the ticket at 11:05pm or so... I talked to the douchebag bouncers and finally showed them my business card (i'm a front desk manager at a major hotel), and they promptly apologized and rushed us to the through the line and even skipped the register to give them our VIP vouchers.Point to the story, I should not have had to show the scumbag a business card to use my free tickets to a sub-par bar. Pros: Drinks are loaded, plenty of alcohol in them           View is niceCons: Scumbag bouncers            Drink prices            Crowd is usually weak            DJ/live ASIAN justin timberlake wannabe sucks
1	This review is based on the restaurant portion of VooDoo only.  Not only that....I never experienced the food and that was b/c of the poor customer service. I called to inquire about reservations for both dinner for a large group and dessert reservations for a large group.  I was told a hundred different things by many different people.  You get free entry with ANY restaurant reservation, you don't get free entry at all, if your DINNER reservation (see...entrees for ALL) is at 1030pm you CANNOT go into the club portion before to hang out (even though this person was also the same person that told me entry is free with all reservations).  No one was sure of what was going on...I was transferred as though these people were training and the last gal was impatient and didn't understand that I'd just been given 100 random contradicting "facts" that I wanted straightened out before making ANY reservations. In the long run, I hung up without my name on the list and I don't ever plan on making the attempt again. Bee boo.  : (
4	I first found out about VooDoo during a trip for a friend's bday in which we stayed at the Rio and tickets to VooDoo were included in the room.  We almost didn't go but were happy we did.  It's on the 52nd floor, inside and outside...but beware...I was wearing a skirt and the wind howls at those heights...had my skirt been longer I would have been blinded by it up and over my head...luckily it was about knee length so I just blinded everyone else outside with the view of my white ass.  Perfect. That said, VooDoo is now something we girls do EVERY girl's trip cuz it's always a good time!  Unfortunately we all had to pay $30 to get in...WHAT?  All b/c we decided Jet was a better idea for Friday cuz ladies drink free till midnight and altho VooDoo has free entrance with a pass the Witch Doctor (a fishbowl of dry ice spewing goodness) is about $30 with tip.  I'll remember the charge and I'll go back on Friday instead. **DJ AND Live music**xo
3	It's just OKAY as far as a steak house is concern.  They feature a wide variety of selection including a bone in porterhouse to a bone in NY strip.  One of the rare places that serves a yummy bone marrow with each meal.Overall it's good plenty of selection, but nothing really extra ordinary.
3	Who the hell charges $20/person on a Sunday night?!? Apparently you have to pay for the fantastic view of the Strip all the way up on the 51st floor of The Rio. I had never been before and my friend was adamant about coming here to which I now know why. Seriously, you have to step on into the club just to check out the view which is amazing. You can see the Strip from end to end. It was gusty but the breeze was nice given how hot is was that evening.  However, didn't care much for the black light inside the lounge area. Especially since I was wearing a very linty black buttondown. My friend didn't hesitate to point that out once we entered the club from the elevators. Live band playing covers was great and I didn't catch their name. Check them out on Sunday nights. Rock star partying... a can't miss experience.
2	Voodoo Lounge might possibly be the easiest club to get into in Las Vegas.  This is a good thing and easily a bad thing.  The good thing is that the place is a very chill spot, one that doesn't get overwhelmed with hordes of people and the staff is relatively friendly from the door to the bar.  The best thing of course that is undeniably the only reason some folks may come here for is the fantastic view of Las Vegas.The bad is a little more overwhelming than the good.  To start, the place is so dated that the decor is uber cheesy and looks super cheap as a result.  The crowd is closer to a middle age'd generation than anything under 35.  Music will vary depending on the night but its nothing good enough to lounge to or exciting enough to bust a move.  Prices can be suspect depending on the type of drink and bottle service is not recommended here at all.  One should be able to get free passes printed from their website, why chance the risk of purchasing a bottle for the group?
1	Awesome view here, but for $30 per person? And then pay to sit down (VIP)? Seriously? I mean, at least give me the first drink or something. I like cover charges, because it helps weed out a certain type of clientele, but apparently, it doesn't work here. A previous comment on cheesy deco is spot on - needs updating here - looks like a seedy rock club with some paint.And then there were the staff on the lower level that kept going over to under the stairwell to ogle up the skirts of the girls standing up there. If you're a frat boy with mom and dad's full financial support, then this place is for you. If you are looking for loose women this is apparently the place (I got hit on 5 minutes into the place - and I had my wife with me). If you are looking for a classy atmosphere - you'd almost be better off at Hooters. We left shortly after our first drink and went to spend money elsewhere. No, not Hooters.
4	This place gets 4 stars, because the steak is so amazing.  I was here, and I was craving beef, and all I can say is - wow - we weren't disappointed.  The food came out, and it was incredible.  we had a funky dinner reservation time (because we had tickets to Penn and Teller after) so it was a bit slow in the restaurant, which lucky for us, gave us great service.I would totally come back again.I've been to the lounge upstairs for a private party as well, it was also amazing, and the views of the city are incredible too - totally a great spot to come, if you want a romantic dinner.
2	This place is whack. $20 cover charge to heaven of cockfest. What more can I say about this place. Oh, did I mention a awesome view of the strip with 100 cock standing side by side with me dancing the night away. Inside is to small to chill in that hot envrioment. A small stage for a live band which is not bad, but outside is more appealing to enjoy the night with a great view.Overall : pass. save your money unless your a chick, heaven waits for you
2	First time I waited in line and payed to get in at a club. $20 a person on a Thursday night..... ehhh?? But even though there was a huge line... we didn't have to wait that long.You take the Elevator (which by the way smelled and it must have been 110 degrees inside it) to the 51st floor. The place is huge!! You come up to a large sitting area with a small dance floor and a DJ playing House music. Wasn't our thing so we went straight for the outside area.The outside was phenomenal. Two LARGE dance floors, a bar, and a gorgeous view (check out the pictures)! No place to sit unless you reserved a spot with bottle service. The music was ok and the dance floor was packed... till they had some breakdancing contest and started playing some weird shit. 90% of people left the dance floor and the friends I was with didn't feel like dancing to that music. I mean... I didn't pay $20 to wait in line and watch someone else dance (yes... I was dancing... leave me alone).The drinks were kinda weak. Someone got me my first drink, it was $12 and weak as hell. After that one I knew I had to ask for something stronger (if I wanted to keep dancing, that is....) so I got a double vodka and cranberry ($24) which was much better but way too expensive.I'd recommend checking this place out at least once for the view. That's all.....
5	So there we were, in Vegas on a Saturday.  My boy just won over a grand in craps, I won over $350 in poker, we're all feeling good.    He's feeling a little better than everyone else tho, so he decides to take us out for dinner.Last minute we got a reservation for Voodoo, heard about it from a local so we thought we'd give it a whirl.We were staying at the Palms so the Rio wasn't that far, but we walked over and wormed our way through the establishment to the door man who confirmed our reservation and let us through to the elevator waiting room, elevators which have glass fronts that let you see all of Vegas as you ride up 50 floors, which is a kind a cool bonus, especially for a Vegas first timer like myself.Once getting there, we had to wait a few minutes to get seated, so we hit up the bar, and there we saw a drink being made that blew our minds.  (warning: we might be simple minded boozin gamblin fools).  It was a large margarita type drink in a fish bowl type glass that had dry ice added, so a mist poured out of it, and that was more than enough to convince us all we should get one to split.After getting halfway through our first round of drinks we get seated, and at first they put us in a booth, but the whole restaurant, being on top of the Rio tower, had glass all the way around it and you could sit right by it with a ridiculous view, so I requested a table by the window and the staff was quick to oblige.  Once seated, we were greeted by our server, and i wish i could remember his name because he was on point.   He was what every server should be, he knew the whole menu, he was quick on anything and everything, and an overall nice guy to boot.   We got one of those dry ice drinks, which I can't remember the name of, sorry, and it was awesome.   For dinner I went with the Filet Mignon and my friend with the porterhouse, while are two other associates that accompanied us also got steaks of different varieties.   We also got the mac n cheese and yukon gold potato puree sides, which were more than enough for the four of us."How was the food Cliff?" you're probably asking right now, and I'll tell you this, it was so good that with the view and the day's winnings, we all felt like royalty.   It was a surreal moment where you bit into a nice juicy succulent piece of steak and realized, "Rome might be crumbling around us in this day and age, but g********n this is a good steak".I even said out loud after I finished the last bite of my filet "that steak was so good i might just have to rip a phone book in half".After we finished we got our check which my boy took care of and we headed out to the outdoor patio that looked over Vegas and had a dj playing.    Our server, being the nice chap he was, followed us out there and asked if we needed change, which we didn't and then wished us a good time for the rest of our stay in Vegas.Overall, I'd say this experience was glorious and I would recommend going to the Voodoo to anyone and everyone.  and there you have it, apologies about it being long... I don't know what came over me...  oh wait, yeah i do, memories of a GLORIOUS STEAK.
4	I always go to Voodoo lounge on the 1st night of vegas.. its more of a chill place to go...the music is alrite, the view outside is really nice, and the place is never packed(which i like). I would recommend going here for new years since all the other clubs charge $200-$300!!! Voodoo lounge never has a line and was still $20-30 during new years. pro- nice view, good drinks, never packed, no linescon- cover charge
2	The steak was extermely tender, but a little on the salty.  Prices were higher than I expected - expect to pay at least $100 for dinner and a few drinks (other reviews indicated $80).  Service was awful (hostesses were rude, server was disrespectful, and bus boy didn't smile the entire time he waited on us).  I wouldn't go back based on the service - with so many good choices in Vegas, why go somewhere that they treat you poorly.  We enjoyed our time upstairs in the lounge after our meal - spectacular views, great drinks, fun music and good people watching.
3	Okay. 5 stars for the band. They were awesome. And 5 stars for the beautiful view. The good part of Voodoo Lounge was that we got in for free and we didn't have to wait in line. Oh and we got free champagne~! But this champagne didn't make me feel fancy cuz it was in a plastic cup that said Rio on it in really tacky red writing. Boooooo. Now...the bad part. Drinks were anywhere from $12 to $15. That's pretty expensive. But I guess everything is expensive in Vegas. The crowd was a bit ghetto. And the guys a bit douchey. But we just shooed them aside and still had a great time anyway.The band invited us up on stage to dance mainly due to our crazy, attention hoggin' bachelorette who is also my future sister-in-law. Hahaha. It was a blast.
4	I like to drink, and the Witch Doctor is perhaps one of the best drinks ever created. Its potency is meant to be shared, but when in Vegas, greed likes to take over. Gimme gimme gimme.As for food, the menage a trois is a good deal. Filet mignon, lobster tail, and some prawns. Despite the slight over-saltiness of the steak, the meal was satisfying. However I was more impressed by the mac and cheese that my friend ordered. Guess that ol' country boy in me is showing...Exposed and in Vegas, go figure. Better cover up before anyone sees.Oh, and its got best view of Vegas besides Ghostbar at the Palms.
1	Had dinner here with a large party for a friend's Bachelorette weekend extravaganza. I'm glad I was in good company because this place was a joke. I don't think my gf got the memo of how bootsy this place is. There are countless of other places we could've gone to-anywhere that didn't have skulls & neon voodoo crap! Entering this place felt like going into a scary ride @ a theme park. The place was dead. Literally. There was no one there. And mind you, the men in black @ the door wouldn't let some people in-wtf?  After dinner, the smart ones, who drank most of the witch's brew (it was huge!), was lucky enough not to remember the awful dining experience.  I should've known better & got wasted like the rest of them. Was too busy trying to dodge corners thinking the grim reaper was coming after me. No, no, wasn't on hallucinogens either. haha!  Did I mention that the brew had dry ice? The food? umm.. forgettable. I seriously don't remember. And me, not remembering food- must have been that bad. Someone needs to do something witht his place. This is prime realty being wasted. We're talking major overhaul to be up to par with the rest of the city. I get the whole theme but I still say don't do it. Unless, of course, you're into that kind of stuff.  You'd see a better view of the strip from the Ghost Bar @ Palms, across the way. Ironic that it sounds voodoo-ey but it's not, at all. Every other place we went to after that made up for this crappy resto-lounge so i'm not that bitter. I mean- it's Vegas! How mad could you be?Seriously though, If you find yourself stuck @ the Rio, you'll be better off taking your money & partying with the seafood at the buffet downstairs. lmfao.ok. fine. 1.1 & that's my final rating.
2	With only Wagyu beef on the menu one would think this place knows what they're doing and how to prepare this unique breed of cow. wrong WRONGWagyu cows are the same as Kobe cows, they just don't or no longer come from Kobe Japan, (think Hennessy and cognac)Wagyu is special because the cows are bred to have LOTS of marbled fat in the meat and suppose to be very tender and make you never want to eat another cow ever again.Voodoo lounge does an excellent job of making this delicate meat taste like an expensive version of what i can get at a run down casino's buffet. My cut was over salted and tough which i was not expecting from wagyu beefThe entree isnt really an entree, you have to order your sides separate.To those who cant tell the difference between Waygu and standard american beef this place is probably  4 to 5 stars. I can tell the difference and i am greatly disappointed.
3	The first time I slipped on upstairs to the VooDoo Lounge was in search of a friend.  Being a local gal, I was able to whiz on by for a quick peak.  (I couldn't believe they were charging $30 a person and it was so dead up there at 1 am!)The next time I went was with a bachelorette party of about 11 girls.  We asked all around for passes and no such luck.  We were lucky enough to run into one of those big guys in suits giving away passes for ladies.  We headed up there early and it was dead dead dead.  Of course, the view was fabulous and the weather was good, so we stuck around.  There was plenty of room on the dance floor outside and it was entertaining watching the ladies on the stripper pole.  (And boy, is that one nasty stripper pole!)  And guys, don't bother even trying to get on that pole. Security will have you off of it in a second! More people eventually did show up, but it was hardly what I would say as a happening place.  You usually get a bunch of dudes watching from up top staring down at the ladies and down their dresses.  And you even get the ghetto crowd of people throwing stuff down at the lower level people.  Sure, you aren't complaining about it being a sardine can in here, but a few more people would be nice.  Drinks are expensive of course and the floor is sticky as hell in front of the bar.    Overall, the view is what you come for.  It's not as uptight as the clubs on the strip and the line is hardly long.
1	Wound our way through the casino trying to find the elevator up to this place and when we finally get there were are greeted by a very uptight broad who wants to charge us a $20 cover. I understand that a club has to charge cover to make money but still. It was Sunday night, there was no one, I repeat NO ONE in line and we were girls. Whatever.   We left. What a waste of a $15 cab ride from the strip.
2	- 1st club I went to in vegas- Substandard- Broken glass in front of the elevator- Nice view from the rooftop/patio dance floor- Cool band(s) on the inside- Seemed a little dirty
3	Ok, I am not a club person.  This place, when I was there this past weekend, was NOT too cluby.  I think it may have something to do with the weather.  It was pretty cool outside (maybe 40ish) and everyone was standing on the roof huddled under the portable heaters that were on the roof.  The view was amazing.  You can see the entire strip from up here and it does not disappoint.  The waiters were pretty good with their flare they put up - and the crowd was pretty relaxed.Inside wasnt as bad either.  They had a few woman dancing in the club creating the "sexy" mood.. but I think it kind of gets lost when the weather isnt beautiful outside.  Just looking around with people bundled up and huddled in corners kills the effect a bit... but if I am ever in Vegas again, I would give the club a try again!
3	I actually really liked this place.  The view is off the hook.  There wasnt a wait because one of our friends were vip plus we got it hooked up where we went with a group of twenty and only like 5 of us had to pay...pretty sweet.  the elevator up is pretty nasty though it was soooo HOT and it looks like it needs to be replaced.  The band inside was pretty good.  The bar was nice and big so lots of oppurtunitys to get drinks.  We stayed outside for a good part of the nite enjoying the view and the company.  The drinks werent too great but it will do.  Inside we saw a table that wasnt being used our crowd just sat in there hahahaha (shhhhh) We were dancing there and the birthday girl actually cut her foot on a bunch of glass on the ground...plus later I saw a bunch of girls with cuts in there feet bcuz they got shattered glass everywhere...thats pretttty whack.  All in al though it was a gooood nite at the voodoolounge =)
2	I'd come here for the fantastic view, you get to take in the sights of the entire strip from the Rio's 51st floor. I came here on a Monday and Tuesday night, both nights were really lame and they ended up closing up at 1. The staff is really friendly though and I would recommend this as a low-key place to lounge, drink, and eat. Music was nothing to write home about, J LO? 'Nuff said
4	Haven't been here to eat.  Only to the club on a Winter Sunday Night...  It was chilly up there for sure but you have to check out the outdoor part of the nightclub cause that's where it's at.  The view is great and probably the club's main attraction...  I could only imagine how it would be on a nice warm night.  In a word, KICK ASS!!!  Drinkwise, it's all about the Withdoctor...  Complete with a Flair show from the bartender.  And the drink was reasonable for $26.  After all, with the way Vegas is nowadays, a regular Red Bull Vodka would probably already cost like $12 to $15.  It was big and definitely enough to share.  And our bartender was not frugal about the amount of alcohol he put in there.     There was a cover charge of $20 but since we were guests of the hotel, they had a coupon for Buy 1 entrance, get 1 free.  Paying $20 a head to come here would have been a little steep so glad we got the discount....
4	I've been reading some of the other reviews and I honestly don't understand why people don't like this place. Maybe my experience was just different. (I went here for a private event with open bar on a Sat night from 8-10pm) but my whole group had an AMAZING time. (That could also be the multiple free drinks we all had) but in either case, I would definitely recommend this place to others. It's much more mellow than the other clubs and you can actually move around without being elbowed and jostled and groped everywhere you turn. You definitely have to check out the outside lounge because it's phenomenal. The music out there is different than the music they play inside but it's still really good. And the view is wonderful. As the night progresses, they bring a live band into the indoor lounge and the band plays cover songs all night long. The drinks are good and they're made strong and there's a lot of fun flare bartending you can watch while they make your drinks. I had so much fun that we managed to stay at this place for 4-5 hours and didn't even realize it until I started to get tired.
4	First lets review the restaurant.The restaurant was definitely a 4 Star experience. I had a New York Steak 18oz Medium Rare ($38) and it was just right. None of their entrees come with any sides but I highly recommend the Mac & Cheese or the Cajun French Fries. They're $8 each and the steaks are definitely worth it (common you're already paying this much to eat at the buffet, don't be cheap). The first time I was here I tried the 24oz porterhouse as well and it was great ($42).Additional InformationThis place is usually packed during the summer. The outdoor view is amazing. Everyone is dancing and the music is usually "bumpin." Bartenders here are great as well. The ladies usually order a "Witch Doctor," pretty much a giant Mai Tai with more liquor in a giant Goblet. It comes with dry ice and has all the cool effects. If you haven't eaten dinner yet and plan on going to the lounge anyway, eat here to save the cover charge. I've been here 4x and I believe the cover charge ranges from $15-20 (depending how busy it is). I do not recommend coming here during the winter season.
4	Okay, so I'm probably biased because one of the Casino Hosts is a friend of mine, but we always end up at Voodoo Lounge when we hang out.  We've had dinner here and the dinner was quite tasty.  If I recall, I had fish when we dined here. But we always end up outside on the dancefloor or in one of the VIP seating areas outside, drinking and  having a great time.  It isn't one of those clubs that are OBSCURELY packed.  It has a good vibe and a nice place to hang out with your crew if you want to have a good time.  The clientele is probably mid to late 20's, but again you have your 30-somethings (like me).  My friends and I always have a blast here.  And i'm sure I'll be back for drinks again soon...
3	Came here with to party 15 folks (4 gals and 12 guys).  We all got in for free (for the club) and ate dinner at about 9:30 PM.PROS:* Ordered the Menage Et Trois ($46) and VooDoo Cesar Salad ($10).  Salad was a tiny portion and the Menage was tasty.  Too bad I didn't finish it even though I shared it with the BF.    It came with Lobster and Filet Mignon.  Drinking heavly beforehand is not good if you want to enjoy your meal.  * Ordered a Witch Doctor ($28) and shared it with 3 gals.  I still managed to get waisted, so it just goes to show how strong this sucker was.  You can't even taste the alcohol!* The Voodoo lounge opens up for dancing at night,  They had a live band inside and on the patio there was a DJ.  Very chill club with a beautiful view of all of Las Vegas.CONS:* They messed up on our reservation.  So we sat 6 in one table and 9 in the other. Booo!
4	We went here last week on a Tuesday. Some of the girls were given free admission passes from the security guard. I didn't get one and they still made me pay even though my girlfriends passes for themselves. But it was only $10 for girls and guys that night to get in. The place was empty. We were the youngest group. We're in our mid 20's. The crowd was small that night and mostly married men in the 40s to 50s. The view was AWESOME though. The bartender was really nice and they played good dancing music. Nothing hip hop though. Our imported beers like Corona and Heineken were $7 each. Mixed drinks were $12 and up. We had fun here even though it was full of much older men. Since it was empty we were able to sit on the couches and had a fun night. It was a fun and chill kind of night.
3	this lounge was ok. We was in vegas for superbowl weekend, and we stayed at the Rio. And decided to try their lounge.. it was ok. Music was ok.. That's all I really can say about it.. Just ok..
4	We ALWAYS hit up the Voodoo Lounge when in Vegas, simply because it has a 360 degree view of Sin City off the 51st story rooftop. This view is so gorgeous that it makes up for the Voodoo Lounge's MANY SHORTCOMINGS (see below).LOCATION: 2 pointsI'm awarding an extra point for location, since it's just so phenomenal! You take a clear elevator to the 50th floor of the Rio (quite an experience in itself), then walk up a staircase to the rooftop. Stepping out onto that roof never fails to take my breath away and is one of the best natural highs ever!SOUND: 2 pointsAgain, I'm awarding Voodoo an extra point for the music:The sound system is THUMPING, and there's nothing quite like being on a 51storey rooftop and feeling the entire space vibrate! Their music selection may not be super original, but the DJs  are excellent at mixing it up and getting everyone to boogie. This is true for both the inside and outside dance floors.CROWD: Zero points!While this is obviously a favorite place for tourists due to the view, I wonder whether the Voodoo Lounge has given up on enforcing their dress code? Just because you're a tourist, doesn't mean you have to LOOK like one! Why anyone would wear flip-flops or Berks to a rooftop in Vegas is incomprehensible to me...SERVICE: Zero points!The employees here are rude and uncaring to a level beyond the usual Vegas jadedness:A friend of mine works in Vegas and put us on the guest  list, unbeknownto me. We paid the $20 cover, and were told that this entrance fee could be used towards food at the lounge. Except when we got upstairs to the lounge  they were done serving food (at 10:30pm!). My friend contacted me to let me know that we were on the guest list, and advised me to try getting our entrance fee refunded. Of course, the employee at the door couldn't care less. With the amount of people inside and $$$$$ they're making on food and drinks, couldn't they even attempt to have better customer service? Also, the bartenders are surly and drinks are expensive even for Vegas (though generously poured).SUMMARY: Nice place to catch the view and get your groove on prior to clubbing, but definitely not perfect in my book!
2	I went here for the club at night one day. The decor was kinda cheesy although the view really did make up for it. I gave it a 2 Star cause it was just plain average all around (Besides the great view); the music, bar, and service was just plain mediocre, they could've done soo much better with what they had.
4	I first have to mention how grateful I am to the staff at VooDoo for putting up with my group's shenanigans.  It's been a while since I organized a large-scale restaurant outing, and I should have remembered to lower my expectations.  First we had a reservation for seven at 8:15, then a side group got a separate reservation for four.  In the afternoon, two cancelled, so we consolidated the arrangements into a single reservation for nine.  Based on what I knew about the restaurant, I was surprised that they could be so flexible only a few hours before the Saturday night rush.Four of us arrived on time and waited in the bar...and waited, and waited, and waited.  Ultimately, we wrote off one friend entirely, but the two earlier cancellers were back in, so we changed from nine to ten.  All of this was no problem for the staff.  Soon after, they seated the four of us, despite our uncertainty about the arrival time of our friends.Ultimately, they came almost an hour late.  In the meantime, we had ordered some drinks and wine.  In my mind, I was trying to invest just enough in the table to keep them from throwing us out, but at no time were they anything short of gracious and accommodating.  Much later, one severely drunk friend fell asleep in his chair and then had to be literally carried out by two of my other friends.  The VooDoo people never batted an eye.  They even gave us a complimentary Bananas Foster for our 30th-birthday friend.  When it was time to pay, we asked to split the bill across seven credit cards.  I wish that I could remember our waiter's name, but I've discarded the receipt.   I made sure to tip VERY well.Now, the rest of the experience:  We found this place through the magazine in our hotel room, and it seemed like a great option for our one big meal while in town.  The restaurant is on the 50th floor of the Rio, and the view from our table was spectacular.  I was surprised that it was never full in there on a Saturday night.  We did not go upstairs to the lounge, but we saw some interesting characters (and a lot of flesh) coming and going with that purpose.  The restaurant seemed somewhat more touristy and less ultra-hip than the magazine made out.  There is a minor dress code (no sneakers, flip-flops, torn jeans, or t-shirts) to keep things just a little classy.  We had a fine time overall, and the food was very good.I started with a Witch Doctor appetizer sampler.  When it arrived, I was disappointed by its small size, and by the realization that all four items were fried.  Crab cake, coconut shrimp, tasso ham beignets, and rock shrimp hush puppies:  they were all tasty, but at $18 for a small plate of glorified fried seafood, I felt a little bit taken.My entree wiped out any trace of bad feelings.  I really wanted the Australian #8 Wagyu Ribeye, but at $15 per ounce with a 5-ounce minimum...well, let's just say that I wasn't caught up enough in the decadent spirit of Las Vegas to blow $60 on a tiny steak.  Instead, I ordered the 12-ounce ($38) Wagyu Flat Iron steak, with thyme butter and (sigh) applewood smoked bacon.  I usually like my steaks unadorned, but this thing was amazing.  Every bite a sensuous thrill.  Worth every dollar.  For a side, I got the truffle-onion macaroni and cheese, which was interesting but not as good as the other items.  I tried a bite of my friend's Chilean sea bass, and it gets a thumbs-up too.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals.The meal overall was a great success, once everybody showed up.  The food was very good but not spectacular, and the service far exceeded expectations.
3	Welcome to the Mile High Club once you party at the VooDoo Lounge! 50 stories up on top of the roof of The Rio is where the partying begins. The cover charge that night was $20. We did not have to wait in line as we were Diamond status! There was a live band playing inside the lounge which played some good songs.  The outside roof area was simply a dance floor with a bar area. Lots of comfortable booths to sit on from the inside. The outside booths were bottle service only.Great view of Vegas from the roof top at night while drinking and dancing the night away. What more can you want.
4	We got in fairly early, (before 9 on a Saturday), and there was no line at all.  We walked right by the door guy, straight to the cashier & elevator and were inside within 3 minutes.  The inside area was 90% empty and all of the seating along the windows was roped off for bottle service and a good majority of the other spots were either marked reserved or had someone saving them.  We tried to ask the bartender about bottle service but he was a snotty little shit who acted like we were bothering him so we found a host, who was all business but at least took the time to answer our questions.  He told us that yes, all of the perimeter seating was reserved but said that we could order drinks and sit there as long as we closed the rope off and left immediately if someone with a reservation showed up.  So our party of 4 had the entire VIP area to our ourselves for a good half hour.  Thank you awesome host guy who I will not name because I don't want to get you in trouble!!We got the heads up that reservations were starting to come in so we went outside to check out the view and people watch.  Wow!  The view from 51 floors above Vegas is amazing!  The DJ started just as we made our way out and at that moment, it was worth the $20 cover.  I should add that all of the outdoor seating was reserved as well, so it was standing room only.I loved the decor and the lighting inside and out, very sexy and dark.  The club's dancers inside and outside added to the ambiance as well.  I'm not a regular club going person but I would go back the next time we're in Sin City.
3	Ok, my review might not be the BEST one, considering I was hammered BEFORE I got there, so my memory of it is kind of hazy! After flirting with the doorman at Chippendales, he gave us wristbands to get in free at VooDoo. I THINK it was about 11 oclockish when we made our way to Voodoo. I remember I was wearing flip flops that night so they must not be very strict on the dress code. The atmosphere of the place is pretty cool, from what I can remember. There's a nice outdoor area where there was a separate dj. I couldn't tell you what he was spinning though! Inside, there was a live band and they were really cool, my friends got on stage and danced with them.  Of course, being a girl in Vegas has it's perks, we got invited to sit down with a VIP table full of marines. I don't remember ordering any drinks. I think I just mooched grey goose and cranberry juice from the marines.  I THINK the elevator is glass and you get a really cool view of the strip. Well...my friend said that she wants to go again and in all my pictures I look like I'm having a good time so although I don't remember it...it must have been a fun place.
4	As I write this I'm still icing my feet after dancing my pants off here last weekend.This was my first trip over to the Voodoo Lounge and I was not disappointed! After skipping the lines and cover charges (WHOO HOO!) we were escorted over to the club on the 51st Floor.  It was early about 10:30pm so it was still lonely...it soon became crowded with a type of  crowd that Im not used too. We were getting ready to leave when  my friend managed to get us set up with one of their  awsome booths outside FREE,  the hooka was also FREE (they were charging $50 ea). We ended up staying and had a blast!  I guess it helps when you are beautiful. The music was great, the clubs view is one of the best! The bartenders were nice.  We'll be Back there.
4	Damned that bad, no good, shady SOB lover of mine!  Not only do I go to strip clubs, but now I smoke tobacco.  Being bad has never felt so good.  LMAO!We were able to walk in with no cover/line.  It might've been because we were there in the wee hours of the night aka 10 p.m.  We became acquainted with Mister at the Hookah station and smoked Lemon tobacco all night.  Apparently, you need to cough up some $ to smoke, but my poor little lungs survived countless rounds of free hoooookahhh.Don't get me started on the view!  I swore up and down that I could fly when I leaned over the railing.  Luckily, we were able to sweet talk our way into a private VIP booth outside.  When it comes to the view, Voodoo definitely gives Moon a run for its money.  However, Moon provides the upscale environment.  It's sooo gorgeous that I recommend you at LEAST give this place a visit.  I wouldn't suggest partying all night here, since there are many other awesome clubs to visit in Vegas.
3	Seems like there is a lot of good coverage of this place on Yelp, but I can't help adding my two cents, even if it is a bit repetitive. The view *is* great, and if you go for bottle service out on the deck, it can be a very special place to spend an evening with friends for a special occasion. The DJ plays a pretty eclectic mix (I never thought I would hear a techno-remix of Pink Floyd), and the crowd seems to be be pretty nice. If you have a good spot on the deck, you will get some folks hoping to hone in on your action. The staff seem to be really attentive (frequent ice refills!) which is a definite plus.The food and drinks are so-so. The "Witch Doctor" is a fun-drink for a special occasion from a entertainment viewpoint, but I wouldn't really rate it as a decent cocktail. It tasted a little too much like artificial food coloring, and not really enough like anything else.  The food portions are huge, but the there is a little something missing in execution every time, and in a few cases things are quite off. For example, the hush-puppies look like some kind of fritter, and the beignets look like hush-puppies. Don't get me wrong, it was all pretty edible, and in some cases tasty. The seafood served is plentiful, but they could cook and chill the shrimp a little better to avoid that "this might kill you" look, and they could use a little seasoning in the pot for the seafood across the board. I think someone should send the chef back down to New Orleans for a refresher.
5	Don't understand why this place only has three stars. My best friend and I went there tonight to party. This place is great to dance your ass off.We got on the guest list through a promoter on Facebook. Turns out, even if we didn't get on the guest list, there were a couple of attractive girls down at the bottom of the escalator giving out free VIP passes if you arrived before 10:30, so a great tip would be to get to the Rio early (by 9 p.m.) if you want to avoid the $20 cover charge and score these passes.There wasn't much of a line and we were able to go up with no problems. Not only is there an amazing view, but the first DJ who was on played some great old school jams (Solid Gold Sundays). The one after him was still good, but he threw in some mashups and newer songs that I didn't care for (after all, we *were* there to dance to old school music). My friend enjoyed watching the go-go dancers a lot. They were hot, sexy, and knew how to dance!The bartenders are also entertaining and do a lot of fancy tricks by juggling and spinning the bottles around while pouring your drinks. They are pricey, like a lot of the drinks are at these types of clubs, and me and my friend didn't get too much of a buzz from them. However, I heard that the drinks served in the VIP section were so strong you could hardly drink them. Go figure. It turns out no alcohol was needed. We had a fun time without drinking much booze.One night I will have to try the restaurant as well. This place had a fun atmosphere and I would recommend this club for anyone who wants to avoid the hassle of the more higher end clubs on the Strip. Plus, the view of all of Las Vegas from the 51st floor is enough reason alone to party at Voodoo Lounge!
1	GHETTO!!! Went there for my birthday with 13 other females and it was nothing but ghetto music and people!! Stay away and go to XS at Wynn -worth the $40 cover but girls usually don't pay..my friend was even harassed by the men there and the bouncers said it was what happens in a bar! WTF!!! Never again..go elsewhere!! Seriously
4	Located on the 50th floor of the Rio All Suites Hotel, it is a cajun-creole theme restaurant, that doesn't dish up authenticity, but a gorgeous view and great tasting food.The decor is reminiscent of a french quarter nightclub, with strange "voodoo" markings and symbols - courtesy of black light neon paint on black walls, and plush purple drapings.Our party of three ordered the same entree on the varied menu, the "menage a trois." A succulent combination of lobster tail, grilled shrimp, and filet, it was beautifully paired with wasabi mashed potatoes and grilled vegetables.  We felt the $45 price tag was worth the super indulgence to our senses, and bellies.You'll see many familiar items on the menu, catering to the traditional American fare like the "Hellfire Hotwings,"  or the "Mystic Crab and Artichoke Dip."  We thoroughly enjoyed our food, loved the crab and artichoke dip, as well as the assortment of fresh breads served at the table.The only downside to this restaurant, as with most eateries and clubs in Las Vegas, is the price for a cocktail.  We were all a bit chilled that night, so we ordered coffee with irish cream and chambord.  We paid $16 for drinks we would have paid half the amount for in Phoenix.Overall, great food and ambiance, wonderful service, and an added bonus of free admittance to the Voodoo Lounge above...
4	We scored free passes when we checked in so we avoided a cover charge.  I'm glad we did decide to use them as the view is spectacular.  We went on a Sunday night around 8:30-9 and the place was fairly empty.  At the time, the dress code was relaxed as there were people there in shorts and t-shirts.  Their drink list was not extensive at all.  In fact, my boyfriend wanted to see a wine list and the bartender told us "We only have three types of wines: red, pink, or white."  We ignored his ass and went downstairs to the restaurant where we were able to pick up a few yummy glasses of wine."  They weren't cheap by any means but when you consider how much it costs to go up the fake Eiffel Tower at the Paris or to the top of the Stratosphere and get no alcohol then its a good deal.Overall, its a great view.  Just get there early and be on the lookout for free passes.
3	Only reason I am giving this a 4 star instead of 3 is because one can easily get the lounge passes from the Rio casino floor. It's definitely not worth the cover, it's a roof top bar/lounge/club, similar to Palm's Ghostbar... view is awesome, but still chilly on the 52nd floor...  only would come back if I get more free passes.
3	View is great.Drinks are pricey.DJs are pretty good.Had no idea there was a restaurant.Maybe not a good sign if the waitresses are some of the hottest girls in the lounge.
3	Given that I am terrified of heights, I was freaking out walking down the stairs in the outside area of the Voodoo Lounge. Curved staircases do provide a better sense of elegance than straight  ones, but damn, drunk people 51 stories in the air walking down a curved staircase is a lawsuit waiting to happen.  We were able to skip the whole line and were escorted in with no cover, thanks to free admission cards. I was still recovering from a hangover when my friends and I went, so I stuck to beer, but I did see those fishbowl Witchdoctor drinks everyone is talking about. It made me wish that I wasn't so hungover because I love a drinking challenge. haha. Anyway, the music was a good mix and there was a lot of space to dance. The crowd was mixed - 50% 35 and younger, 50% 35 and older. Overall, it was a fun experience, but I probably wouldn't go back again. During this vacation, we visited clubs off the Strip and I highly recommend the ones at The Palms over the Hard Rock and Rio.
3	The food is good, but not great.  The view of the city is amazing.  You are definitely paying for the view.  The lounge is ok.  Once again it is all about the views and little else.  It is worth a try at least once.
2	2 stars for the beautiful view and friendly staff. Awesome late 90's hip hop and R&B music.Other than what I mentioned above... blah.. the drinks were expensive which I felt many things could not warrant such prices... The crowd was... well... let's just say they weren't the most attractive.. And they basically let ANY person in (I understand casual dress.. but if you saw the way some of these folks looked, you'd be pretty disgusted too)... Even the gogo girl was.. yanno.. I really don't wanna be mean.. but you get the picture..I may have come in on the wrong night, but it was a less than stellar experience for me.. I didn't stay very long, maybe an hour.. and then split..  I honestly don't think I'll visit this place again. So far Rio hasn't impressed me one bit with any of the things they have to offer.. I feel like it's just a dying property...
4	Great music! The Witch Doctor was tasty and worth the 28 bux because it's like 2 x 14 dollar drinks in one. It was 5 kinds of flavored rum with ice and dry ice and 7up and a cherry but I added like 5 more cherries. We only went to the lounge. We got free VIP tickets at the entrance of RIO. We were able to have a seat right at the edge of their roof top. Vegas at night is meant to be seen at a distance sometimes, and this was the perfect spot. We are glad PALMS sucked so hard that we had to jet to this place. :]
3	Well, I finally ate at the Voodoo Steakhouse, so this is a review of that rather than my old update of the lounge.  What can I say, the place gets 3 stars just like the nightclub.  The food wasn't bad, but there's so much better out there in Vegas, and the prices are too high for the quality.  Go here if you're stuck at the Rio without a car, or if you have vouchers from the World Series of Poker (like I did).  See you next summer, I guess.
2	I definitely picked the wrong night to come here, not that I had much of a say in the matter. A mutual friend of my group promotes this club, so we didn't have to pay for anything. Thank baby Jesus for that, because there was a Latin concert at the hotel earlier in the day and the entire place was packed with overweight cholas and Mexicans in cowboy hats. I'm not even joking. I stuck out like a whitehead on prom night; it was that uncomfortable. We got a VIP bottle service table on the roof overlooking the city. Normally, you'd have to drop about $1000 for something like that, or so I was told. The view is spectacular enough from up there. I'm not into the club scene per se, so this was a rare occasion for someone like myself. They spun some typical contemporary hip-hop, all of which sounded the same. We sucked down a few Stoli-heavy drinks before calling it. I find most clubs to be full of insufferable tools as it is, but at least there's usually some good tail to keep me from dwelling on the douche quotient. Seeing as how the average tail in here was large enough to crush me, there was little to keep me around.
3	Since the restaurant is on the 50th floor, you ride the elevator all the way to the top (for some reason elevators cant have AC, be prepared for it to be hot ride up with no air. But it's a glass elevator as you ride up to the top. I didn't like the decor because it is a 'voodoo' theme. It's a little strange. The view is amazing at the top. My friend and I got a seafood platter and chicken with mashed potatoes. The food was ok. The wine was good, but I think you pay more for the view than anything.
1	I was woefully disappointed by my dining experience.First off, this is still VEGAS, right? Just checking. I called on a Friday night for a reservation that night at 9:45, was told to be ON TIME! If I was five minutes late they wouldn't hold our table. After hustling over we have to wait 15 minutes for a table in a predominantly emptying dining room.  WTF? I assumed this place would be packed and open late on a Friday. No. They are just interested in getting you out of there and up into the lounge.Plus side - the view is really good.Waiter was very friendly, very engaging. As he brought me my beer, he somehow managed to spill it UP MY SLEEVE of my jacket. Understand, I am wearing a glorious, three-piece, styling red funky suit. I am dressed! What does this napkin monkey do? Nothing. Stands there and says, with a big smile, "OH, I'm sorry." I had to send him off for a damp rag. Idiot.Now, this is VEGAS, right? The town of tipping and comps? What does Napkin Monkey comp me at the time? Nothing. I expected at least a beer. Nothing. So I'll wait for the check ... one should not have to ask ... we'll come back to that.Food. Service. Sucked.1. The place setting was a small square placemat with silverware about ten inches apart. When the 15 inch plate of salad was brough to the table, the server used the salad place to shove the silverware aside! Hell, I've never been a server, but even I know this is WRONG. 2. My Heineken  beer was served with a MIller Lite branded glass. Wow, classy!3. I was still eating my salad and they brought out the entree. Again, serious server error. 4. Server did not come over very soon after food was served. Beer was empty. Hey, I'm a freaking drunk in Vegas, I want continual suds over here, Napkin Monkey!Back to the comp. NOTHING. Not a thing. Not a word. I ate at Denny's one early morning and the turkey was frozen on my sandwich. That waitress comped me a second order of onion rings. The waitress at Denny's was better than the waiter at Voodoo? What the hell has happened to Vegas??Food quality was average, I've had better. Not a good value for the money, my buddy and I dropped $200 on dinner. Frankly, we should have eaten at the Peppermill instead.You do get free entry to the club if you eat dinner, but I could have hit the doorman with a hundy and been granted admission.Overall, don't bother eating here.
1	I went there to celebrate with my girlfriends, and when we arrived the hostess was more concerned about talking to the other hosts then to acknowledge us. So the table was nice we sat next to the window for the view.The lighting was so bright you could not even see outside, second the table is so small you have barely room for your beverages let alone your food.The menu was way over priced and the food  tasted very bland, no flavor not a taste that just melts in your mouth..The server checked back once after our food and then when we were done 20 minutes passed and he never came back.So I called the manager over and she said "Are you sure" "Are you sure" are you kidding me lady I am the guest here!!! She walks away and sends our bill over, not even an apology.So bill comes and dropped $200 on a place where the service, lighting and food was terrible!!!  If you want a great steakhouse, this is NOT the place to go!!!!!
3	I know it's not the trendiest club in Vegas, however the views are great and the staff is extremely friendly. If it's your first time in Vegas- check it out for the view.
3	The view and the club alone would get 4-5 stars... you cant beat it! But the food was far less impressive for the price.My hubby had a wonderful plate, a special with a medallion filet, a small lobster tail, and tiger shrimp. I think it was the only thing worth the money we spent that night, the lobster was amazing! Mine was not so great, I had the roasted chicken and it came with a side of mac n cheese (that not only could I not eat, but was getting nauseous from smelling... too much truffle oil). Chicken was very dry, had two strips of peppered bacon that were shriveled up. Not worth the 30 bucks for the plate, not even close.We didn't even have a cocktail, just water, and our bill was 90 bucks with tip. Not the best way to spend your money in Vegas, but maybe if you love a little surf n turf this could be your joint.
4	This place gets an extra star just because of the amazing view. We went there for dinner before Penn and Teller show. We got 25% off voucher from Half-price ticket booth on the Strip and I am very glad we did because the food is overpriced even for Vegas (the voucher costs $3 per person but it saved us $30 so it was a good deal). While we were waiting for the table we went up to the roof to check out the view which is amazing. I guess that's where the club is, but we didn't go back afterwards (at 7pm they just opened it so it was empty). As for the dinner, I had seafood linguine ($36) which was tasty but nothing to write home about. My husband had some crazy australian Wagyu steak which was $10 per ounce (he got a 6 oz steak which apparently is cut generously so it was probably more). He also got a side of veggies ($8). The steak was "very tender and sumptuous" and veggies were "a nice crunchy addition" (his words). Overall, a nice experience. Three-star food + five-star view = four-star restaurant.
5	My favorite roof top in Vegas .   Kenny made us a great Hurricane and for me a diet coke ....  If you have not ever been on the roof top go and do it before 7 or 8 and there is no cover charge.
4	I keep going back to VooDoo for the great views.  This time though my meal was also great.  Our server remembered us from a previous visit and was quite helpful.  The filet was excellent.  The wine selection is very good.The one down side was the macaroni side.  It was less than impressive.  The mashed potato side made up for it though.
3	I struggle to rate Voodoo because some aspects were great and some were so-so. We decided to check out the place on a Friday night since it was already midnight and we had just arrived in Vegas. The guy at the front asked us if we were locals (apparently it was locals event). I said no, but we could be for one night *wink*. Whether it was my answer that got us in for free, or the fact that we were two young women, we were escorted to the elevators that take you to the 51st floor of Rio.The view, 5 stars hands down. I felt like a baller hanging out on the huge balcony and partying on the outdoor dance floor, and isn't that what Vegas is all about? The music playing outside was ok--decent mix of top 40s and popular old school hip hop jams that I love. The bouncers and bartenders were really friendly-- a major plus since most of the time I just expect nightclub staff to be complete jerks.The crowd is pretty mixed, which I appreciated because I don't know if I would have survived a night in a frat boy meat market environment that many other Vegas clubs tend to be. As for poppin' factor, I'd have to give it 2 stars--not crowded at all, which might be good for those that like having room to dance. Overall, a good place if you're just looking for a chill night of lounging and photo opportunities.
4	I think Voodoo Lounge is a polarizing force in the Las Vegas nightlife arena.  Many people decry its lack of sophistication and its lower socioeconomic demographic.  Others feel that the Voodoo Lounge is a breath of fresh air from the self-important clubs on the Strip that charge $14 for a bottle of domestic beer and where people are too busy posturing and primping to just have fun.Maybe because my wife and I go clubbing so rarely, we enjoy places like the Voodoo Lounge.  Even though we didn't see any knockouts like you do at the megaclubs, there was a great mix of people.  To wit, in the course of 15 minutes I saw:  a late 40's Midwestern housewife throwing hands in air like she just didn't care, two gay Aussies hopping around with 44 oz. magnums in their hands, two cute Japanese girls who spoke 10 words of English between them, an Armenian dude with the craziest perm/baldspot/mullet hairstyle and a black transvestite who proceeded to dance with all the aforementioned.Despite everyone's different backgrounds, there were no putos staring people down, no fighting or jostling for attention.  What was present was a reasonable amount of space to dance, the ratio of women to men was about even and the song selection was fantastique.  Highlight of the night:  watching a slightly overweight, mid 30's hipster dude break out the 1/32 beats while pop locking to Salt-N-Pepa's "Push It".  I (perhaps foolishly) thought that hip hop was best danced at a 4/4 beat, but this amazing man proved that cramming four times the normal amount of moves into a song can produce amazing and not to mention extremely entertaining results.I'm sure that Voodoo is not for everyone, but if you're looking for an unpretentious place to drink, see a bevvy of interesting people and want to dance with no ridiculous dress codes however the fuck you please then I would definitely suggest this establishment.  (2nd favorite highlight of the night: watching Chinese guy throw back his head and howl with unbridled joy when the DJ mixed B.I.G.'s "Hypnotize" with DeadMau5's remix of "Longest Road".)Added bonus:  Drinks are relatively pricey but damn if they're not heavy handed with the pours!  We ordered a round of six shots of Don Julio and the bartender used what had to be at least 3/4 of a full bottle for the order!Additional bonus:  Dancing outside on a rooftop bar in the middle of a desert winter makes for a chilly beginning, but on the flipside, you can go as hard as you want without worrying about those unsightly sweat stains.
4	Expensive restaurant at the top of Rio, but you go the view and "high class" food. Got a voucher for 25% off from Tix4Tonite, and this is definitely worth the $3 charge. Splurged on food and wine (wine flights are a good deal since you can choose 3 for about $20 instead of a single glass for about $14). Quality of food is good - the place is marketed as fancy place, and the prices support the impression. Nevertheless, service is excellent and friendly. There were more than a few people with jeans and "non-upscale" wear, which is required as per the sign at the entrance. After dinner, we went upstairs to the lounge and found that most seating areas inside occupied. Instead, the outside area was uncrowded, and so, we spent time admiring the view of the Strip and the rest of the city.
1	This review goes for the club portion of the VooDoo Lounge.We arrived about 1230am after leaving the Ghost Bar in the Palms.  I had never been here and wanted to check it out (I am a huge fan of the Ghost Bar and it has a similar rooftop set up).Boy what a gross experience.  I do not exaggerate when I say this place smelled like vomit.  We paid our $20 cover charges and stepped into the elevator.  It smelt like puke and it looked like there were puke stains that had been poorly cleaned up (maybe from the night before on New Years eve).  Anyways, no big deal.  Its just the elevator right?  Well when we got off the elevator the smell did not change that much.  Depending on where you were standing in the club the puke smell went from strong to mild.  There was a line around the corner for the mens bathroom but no line for the ladies.  I am not a single guy, but for you single guys out there...this place was a meat market.  While in line for the rest room I found where the smell was comming from.  I found 2 piles of puke on the floor, both different colors.  I found another pile of puke shoved in the cornber near the end of the bar too.  On our way out I told the bouncer and he didn't care (not surprising).  Speaking of the puke problem, don't they serve food here during earlier hours?      Conclusion:  While this place had/has potential it was just disgusting.  Maybe they just did a crappy job cleaning up from NYE.  I heard the Ghost Bar used to be twice as much so a lot of locals frequent this place.  However, we paid the same cover to get into here as the Ghost bar.  If your looking for a rooftop experience GO TO THE GHOST BAR!!!!  I will never come back to this place or the Rio.
2	Another facade joint with an air of exclusivity. We were skulking through the casino when someone pushed a card in our hands for "VIP entry" into the Voodoo Lounge.  They got thrown into the back of my handbag until the last night in Vegas when we considered two things:1. We hadn't yet had a decent cocktail.2. It sounded like there were good views to be had at the top floor.The door people certainly do enforce the dress code, turning away a couple wearing casual sportswear and flip flops. We were hardly dressed at the height of fashion, but we weren't slovenly either, so we were welcomed in.The place was near empty, which wasn't a surprise, being late on a Monday, and the large screen tv was playing Scarface, that was a plus. The outdoor area, while empty, does have great potential. I do loves me a cage to dance in every now and then. And being this high up is naturally euphoric. There is a very expansive view of the strip, it's a great photo opportunity. But you know what else? The expansive view of the strip means you are nowhere near the strip. Talk about feeling left out.Anyway, for all the potential of the outside dance area, the music being played was not impressive. Greenday, twice, in an hour, at a club with a "hip" dress code?We went to the bar and ordered a Manhattan. What we like in a Manhattan is for it to be stirred and served with a cherry that's not one of those chemical neon abominations. What we got was a drink tossed about in the air and shaken with such fervor it had an inch of froth on the top and we couldn't even see the dyed and brined cherry. $13.Apparently, some people like that. But a cocktail that's 90% showmanship isn't our thing. That's Vegas for you, I guess.Good panoramic photos, at least.
5	Take this review with a grain of salt, it's coming from a gal who thinks the steaks at Denny's are great.  This was no Denny's for sure I didn't know steak could be so good.  Thick, juicy, piping hot, dripping in warm blood, melt in your mouth good steak.  This thing was so tender you could eat it even if you didn't have teeth.       I was a little dissapointed that they didn't have any appetizers that a seafood hater could eat, couldn't eat the bread because I hate sourdough.  I sipped my tea while my husband munched down some really stinky coconut shrimp.       I would not recomend this place if your afraid of heights, it's on the 50th floor of the Rio Hotel.  The view was beautiful but the elevator ride up was less than fun.  It runs on the outside of the building, and it's cold cold cold.  I think the draft from it also made the place freezing.  There are also doors to the outside deck in the cafe making it windy in there too.  Maybe in the summer it's probably not so bad but in late January I'd recomend a coat.       Took the servers recomendations for dessert and wish I hadn't.  The chocolate crunch was way too bitter for my taste.  The vanilla creme brulee was only okay but the rasberry on top should have been shoved off to the side and not shoved into my face.  The strawberry tiramisu was very good though.       Service was decent, not overly friendly or in your face.  We recieved 20% off our bill because the Rio was celebrating their 20 year anniversary, which was nice but the place is still a little pricey.  All in all it was nice dinner and the hubby and I are planning a return.
3	It's all about the view. But that's about it.I went to VooDoo Lounge late one Saturday night on a Long Weekend. To my surprise, it was not as crowded as I expected, and the crowd was a lot  older than expected. This to me however, is never a problem. We made the best of the night by having drinks, dancing, and enjoying the view (the view is AMAZING). At some point of the night I realized I'd had one too many martinis and retreated back to our room (thankfully we were staying at the Rio). Thinking back on the night the following morning I realized that this place wasn't excellent (I've now been to better, w/also great views) but it was definitely not bad. Like my rating states, it is A-OK.
4	VooDoo is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas. It's a bit difficult to describe, so bear with me.Here's what I love: awesome view of The Strip, fun signature cocktails, yummy food, voodoo-ish decor and great music. Here's what I must warn you about because they're the kinds of things people complain about: high prices, enforced dress code, older crowd.First, I'll cover the stuff I love. The restaurant and lounge are located at the very top of the Rio, so you get a wonderful view of Las Vegas from inside the restaurant, or you can go to the balcony of the lounge for a stunning outdoor view of The Strip. The view alone is worth the visit to VooDoo.I am a die-hard seafood fan. And being that Las Vegas is in the desert, finding fresh seafood here is very difficult. The lobster at VooDoo is fresh, thick and scrumptious. If you love meat, the filet mignon is also to-die-for, and I'm salivating right now as I write this. I love, love, LOVE VooDoo's signature drinks. I highly recommend the Witch Doctor, which is an oversized cocktail that bubbles and steams like a witch's brew. Share with a friend.In the lounge, you'll find one DJ inside and one outside on the balcony.  Or, you may find live music inside and a DJ outside. Whatever the musical situation is, you'll love it. DJs ordinarily play hip-hop and dance music. If there's a live band, they'll most likely play fun, sing-along tunes to engage the crowd.Yes, there's a dress code. And being that I love fashion, you can imagine that's never been a hindrance for me. You can probably get in wearing jeans. Just stay away from flip flops, shorts and track suits.Yes, VooDoo is pricey by most people's standards, but I think it's worth it. Bartenders pour heavy, the ambiance is great and as I said before, the view is beyond impressive. The crowd isn't your average nightclub crowd. But, I think that's a good thing. As such, VooDoo is very couples-friendly. So if you're in a long-term relationship and you're looking for a new place for date night, but you want to avoid the annoyances of the usual nightclubs, I recommend VooDoo. Great food. Great drinks. Great fun.On a side note, my husband arranged a surprise birthday dinner for me at VooDoo years ago. He worked with the restaurant manager prior to the event, as he covered the entire bill, and they were wonderful about creating an affordable and delicious fixed menu for our dinner guests. We had a very memorable time and it was the best birthday I ever had.
2	The ride up to the top of VooDoo is long. Once you get to the top of the Rio, the view of Vegas is superb. We got there around 11 and we got in for free because we stayed at the Rio. The DJ stunk; he played garbage. Luckily, a new DJ hit the deck at 12 and spun some sick beats. +1 for the go-go dancers and +1 for the view. Vegas has nicer clubs/lounges.
3	It's really hard for serious music lovers to go to clubs here in Vegas. Sorry, but most of whats played is just for drunk bitches to shake their asses to and they don't really care what it is. At the very least I would think they would have a decent sound system but the playback is terrible and the mixing wasnt good- some of it wasnt even beat matched and sound all kinds of warbled for a few seconds til the songs switch. We're forgiving as majority is top 40 like Akon is not our thing, but it's saving grace for us is the quality and it's not that good. To some people it might not matter, or people too drunk to care, but shouldn't music played right sounding right matter?! Is that not a big part of the reason to go to a club?! I was expecting a decent standard from big casinos if places in LA independently owned have amazing sound systems and good DJ's that understand beat matching and mixing in smoothly. I forgive mistakes as it's live, but ALL the mix ins were so noticeable and I doubt anyone can eff up their entire set unless they believe their doing it right. BF can do better and we just are playing at home for fun. *rant* *rant* Mixed bag kind of crowd and I prefer when it's more older/mature/high roller crowd so we went closer to those groups.  I just dont like all the screaming loud ditz college sorority sister drunks running into me and screaming in my ear for no fucking reason. They were rampant that night unfortunately for a birthday. Even in the elevator a few were just screaming and cheering "party" "party"- annoying and very highschool. Embarrassing a bit for me because they're most likely my age- recently legals and feel like if I stand by them I look like I'm with them. Oh hell no. I like the Witch Doctor- that was strong but yummy and not boozy tasting for something so potent. View is nice. I came with family visiting set on coming  because they want the view or else I would have persuaded them elsewhere. Free cover with a card made it worth it but I wouldnt ever pay for this (except if I HAVE to go- I would pay to get some privacy in a VIP section outside). I'm a LA snob who loves ambiance with classy people and this is not it. Not that I have an air of importance, but I just find I'm less annoyed when it's a more beautiful atmosphere where I can actually mingle and relate.  If someone drags me, I'll go but I'll stand in the quietest corner outside on the patio with a drink. I'm just real hesistant to come back but maybe I came on a night that's A-typical and not that many drunk screaming girls are normally there.
4	"i'm ready for my close up... wait the wind blew off my face while i was dancing on the rooftop!"GREAT PLACE to dance, well, maybe not in march when the wind was tearing up the joint - literally, the heat lamps were tore up!inside is a bit cramped, but hey, how else do you get to know strangers, spank their asses, dance on someone's toes, snap photos of unexpected victims while blinding your friends, and think "i'm sure glad i'm not that go-go girl dancing up there in 6" heals... you know her feet are barkin.'"sorry no photos, i sighed an oath!
4	Restaurant. Lounge. Music. Food. Drinks. View. FUNNNNN!I didn't even know VooDoo Lounge was a steak house/restaurant. I've only been to the lounge itself and experienced the nightclub aspect of it.Let me say that if you want to meet guys: this is it! lolNot because it's a club but, because it's a steakhouse. You know, men love their meat!!! No-pun-intended...kinda.Almost every table had men of 5+ and zero to one girl eating with them. It was strange! Although my  table consisted of 4 girls and 1 guy...so, take from that what you will.I already ate and didn't have much of an appetite so, I ate the beef steak tomato salad. It was good but, come on, $10 for a small to medium plate of tomatoes??! COME ON.I had a chance to taste my friends' plates and everything was pretty on point. The lamb was yummy! Although I may be biased since it is my all-time favorite entree..everrrrr. And that mac and cheese of theres --- WOW!!! It reminds me alot of Yardhouse's mac and cheese...probably because of the truffle oil in it. SAMPS THAT!!! Definitely.Other than the view, the best aspect of eating at the restaurant is that you can get into the club without paying. YES, WITHOUT PAYING!!! In Vegas, not paying for entrance to any club is a treasure, pleasure, and all around good time already!!!!!!!!!! Definitely one less thing to pay for. It was packed which is expected on a weekend. Good mix of people. Quite a few more young people than I expected. Music was "ehh" but, fun is always brought about when you're partying with friends. So, it was a good night =)***Ohhh, as a note...my friends who didn't eat with us but, met up with us upstairs told the bouncer at the elevator that they were eating dinner and they didn't have to pay the entrance fee for the club :pDON'T TELL THEM THAT I SENT YOU ;)
4	I've been to the VooDoo Steak & Lounge a few times for dinner in Vegas and it's always a great experience. The key to this experience is to book your reservation around sunset. It's a little earlier, but that means the restaurant is less crowded. The best part is watching the sun set over the strip. It's a beautiful view!I've always found the food there to be delicious - last time I went, I had a filet with a side of vegetables and their horseradish potatoes. Those are definitely an acquired taste!We always go outside to the patio area after eating for another drink. It's 51 or 52 stories up and the views are breathtaking!
5	The view, at 50 stories above the Strip its breathtaking. 8oz filet mignon, comes with Oso Buco and greens. A order of the cajun shoestring fries, and a caesar salad was perfect. The waiter was soooo nice and everything came out quickly and without reservations we were sat at the window for a perfect view. Food was great. Huge portions. Prices were great as well. We left spending under $50, for an amazing meal. The staff, super friendly. I took my 10 year old nephew here after the Penn & Teller show.
4	If you are afraid of heights DO NOT GO TO THIS CLUB. It is on the 50th floor. Riding up the elevator made my stomach a little queasy but once I stepped off and heard the DJ it was all GOOD. So I love the fact that if you are a hotel guest you get in here for FREE. At least I don't remember paying to get in. My friends and myself went in March and it was sooo windy that we just went outside on the patio to take model pictures. You know, where your hair is blowing and you look all sexy and stuff. Sadly our pics didn't look so glamorous, I guess because we didn't have a wind machine which we could control. We had 60mph winds because we were stuck in some sort of wind vortex. I could imagine that if you weighed less than 100 pounds you could possibly have flown off the roof!!!! Good thing that I am not under 100 pounds. I bet the patio is a great place to dance in the summertime with the great views and plenty of space to dance.So the lounge itself is a bit small for my taste because I like a lot of room to dance being that I am a PROFESSIONAL DANCER(hip-hop only). Don't be alarmed if someone grabs you in this place, it happens all the time. It's code for Welcome to the VOODOO LOUNGE, you have a nice.......There is an older crowd here so if you're a 21 year old female/male beware of Dirty Old Men/Cougars!!!!GOOD TIMES!!!!!!!
4	Just ended my fourth trip to Vegas and made a fourth visit to the Voodoo Lounge. This place is a great outing if you are thinking or traveling off the strip for a more mature night of drinks and dancing. Beware though, this place has been a sausage-fest 3 out of 4 times going there and has a much older blend of patrons. If you are looking for a bunch of freshly turned 21 year olds, I would not count on Voodoo. The view is spectacular even though it can get breezy and chilly outside on the dance floor. Still great for some pictures though. This time around we ate at the restaurant too which was definitely tasty. Not the best food I've eaten, but it did the job. My buddy did say the lobster bisque is fantastic. Oh, and a quick pointer: don't stand under the black lights in the hallways if you have spots on your shirt, they will be on display for the world to see. Probably not the best way to impress the ladies. Gentlemen, be wary of the creepy bathroom attendant. He did everything short of shake it for me and I felt obligated to give a tip. I don't know about you guys, but the last place I want to be bothered is when I'm taking a piss. Overall this place is a blast and the view is phenomenal, I would definitely recommend Voodoo to couples or small groups for a more "chill" atmosphere. Great experiences there, bring a jacket unless it's summertime, and find a promoter so you can get in free (they are all over the Rio). 4/5
4	I was staying at the RIo so I tried this Steakhouse/Lounge. I love the 50 floor elevator view since you can see the Strip. Omg the steak was so tender and delicious. This place is expensive even after we had a High Roller discount but well worth it. We had discount for drinks at the lounge but didn't go since we were going to the Penn & Teller show.
5	Great service from Sam.   Great advise on the RIb Eye.   Thanks for the 15 soda refills.   The view is awesome.   I have been comming for years and I love it.  Eat dinner and you pay no cover for bar .The bathroom attendant Manuel  was the coolest dude I have ever met.
2	Great view and a good live bandThat's where it end's It has V.I.P feel of entering the club on an elevator  and it has a  great view of the strip. Dancers at the entrance with glow and the dark paint on there bodies (look like an old Busta Rhymes video), Live band singing current and old hits. The con's to this place is that it  get crowded quick and you really can't dance because there is no space and also the drinks are pricey . If you stay at the Rio make a trip if not it's not a place I would go out of my way for.
4	I consider myself a connoisseur of steakhouses, and I have to say, that this place just put itself right at the top of the list.  We were staying at the Rio over Memorial day, and decided to make reservations for 4.  Easy to do, no hassle, and the gal who did the reservations was very helpful.  The staff was friendly and helpful, our waiter was great and very attentive without hovering.  He suggested we take our drinks out onto the patio after ordering and what a good idea that was!  The view is spectacular!  You can basically see end to end of the strip (although City Center has gone and screwed up the view of MGM).   The steak was fantastic.  I had the NY Strip, and it was one of the best I think I've ever had.   My girlfriend had the skirt steak and also couldn't say enough good things about it.  The sides are not all that special, but they are solid and do compliment the meal nicely.  I guess the lounge upstairs from the restaurant turns into a club at night, but aren't that cool, so we left after dinner.   All in all, it's definitely worth a trip to the top of the Rio!
4	This bar/lounge is impressive! As soon as you get carded at the entrance, you find yourself entering elevators that shoot up dozens of floors (and since the elevators are made of glass, you can see the skyline). Once at the bar, the view is equally impressive. You are situated well above all of the lights of the city and the decor/vibe was excellent. I will definitely return.
3	Wait! There's steak!I was all about the lounge part, but since I missed the steak I'll give it 3 stars until I give that a go.So my friends & I stumble into the Rio last Saturday night and try out their new theater/nightclub: The Crown...the only saving grace from that place is that they hired a pole dancer that actually did more than shake her booty...she did some pole tricks. So after we left that meat market we stumbled onto something more intriguing. The VooDoo lounge...mysterious- checkdark- checkon the roof top overlooking the strip- checknon-meat market vibe- checkgood tunes & good people- checkThis place definitely made my night. There was a good mix of people with a more laid back vibe, which makes for a better experience. The view was killer and the weather was perfect. I'd definitely want to spend another Vegas night here....or at least end it here. You can dance outside on one of their 2 dancefloors and the tunes were just right. The stairs were a bit of a challenge in heels, so next time i'll try and wear something more forgiving on the feet. I'd be even more impressed to find out that the steaks are killer here! Now only if they could include the Steak with each Lounge experience!
4	I went here late on Friday night, June 17th, 2010 with 1 girl and 2 other guys for the nightclub.  That is supposedly not a good guy/girl ratio for Vegas clubs, but the Bouncer & Host had no problems with that.  And one of the guys had a cane from a recent back surgery too.  They also accepted all of our coupons to waive the $20 cover charge without hesitation.  Therefore, I must give a lot of kudos just for instant customer service excellence.After the host desk, you take a glass elevator up to the 51st floor, and there is an inside bar with people dancing and roped off couches.  We got some drinks, including 2 $30 Witch Doctors, which are basically Fishbowls with dry ice.  Then we headed outside where the real action was at.Best view of Las Vegas was on this outside club, yes, even better than Stratosphere and Paris.  You see the backside of every Strip hotel, and it's too good to believe.  You also see the backside of 2 go-go dancers wearing just ugg boots and not much else.  So why not 5 stars?  Well, shots are $12 each, and the air of exclusivity that belongs to places like Pure, Tryst, etc isn't here.  There's no chance of a celeb sighting when there are more guys than girls and the guys are wearing tiger-striped pants.  Seriously, a lot of guys wore this.  Still, this is an excellent club for people who have never gone to a club.  Great music, strong drinks, a view of a lifetime, and no worries about getting rejected at the door.
4	best views in vegas. crowd sucked but might of just been that night.
4	One of my must do stops in Vegas. Hot women. Good music. Live DJ. Outdoor, rooftop patio with a KILLER view of the strip. My favorite hotels in Vegas are all off strip and Vodoo lounge is a prime example of why. Oh...DRAGON BOWL.
4	This review is mainly on the dining experience.2 stars for the view2 stars for the meal-1 star for the wait to get our foodOverall we had a great experience here, we have a table of 13 and most everyone ordered the VooDoo "Menage et Trois" - 6 oz Premium Petite Filet, Half Cold Water Lobster Tail and grilled Mexican White Prawns - They all seemed to love it! I personally ordered the Classic Lobster Thermidor Maine Lobster with Lump Crab Meat with a Lobster Tarragon Sauce - which was absolutely mouthwatering deliciousness! I was full halfway through and couldn't help myself in finishing it because it was so rich and yummy! Huge pieces of lobster and fresh crab meat!A couple of others had the 14 oz Berkshire Pork Porterhouse with Forest mushrooms, Creamed Grits and Pork Jus - This thing was massive and well worth it!We also had the Poached Asparagus and Lemon Aioli - nom nom! and the Crispy Coconut & Sugar Cane Shrimp - even better!!! The wait time was a bit of time to get our food, but well worth it. We went upstairs and got a VIP table which hosted a beautiful view of the strip. I think this is one of the most beautiful views along side the Mandalay View.
3	This is for the night life review, we went here on our last night thinking we would keep it really chill. I was wrong hahaha, we killed a bottle of vodka, walked over to Rio. Got in for free, but we didnt get to ride the elevator that over looked the view since they closed it down for the night. It was pretty dead inside when we got there, but outside was where most of the crowd was. Music outside was mainly hip hop which was pretty cool. Now the shots they were pouring were crazy! I asked for 4 shots and I got double shots in each cup, yes not a shot cup but a plastic cup haha. Two of those bad boys and a couple vodka tonics. I had a crazy hangover the next morning! Even though the crowd wasnt all that our group made the most of it and had a fun time. Yes the view was awesome from what I remember haha
3	* Review for the Lounge *When I first came to VooDoo Lounge 2 years ago, I had an amazing time - fun group of friends, good drinks and decent music. This past trip, the group of friends was still fun, the drink was smaller and now in a plastic goblet and the music was awful. D*ck in a box is funny yes, but the whole song techno remixed...really? Actually the really?! moment came when the theme song to Gilligan's Island was techno remixed. Le sigh...No wonder they took the free guestlist before 10:30pm off their website and have 3 or 4 people handing out free "VIP" admission passes in the hotel lobby. They are now good before midnight which is a perk because up until 11:30pm this place is pretty dead. The one benefit of the lounge is still the view. Best view I've seen of the strip - better than Ghost Bar. I don't think I'll be coming back...unless someone tells me the music is better :P
5	Definitely My Favorite!!!! for cocktails, dancing and Adult fun!
5	Fuck Tao. Fuck Rain. Fuck Prive. Fuck Drais. Fuck Tryst. Ok...maybe not Tryst. I do like that place. But seriously, It's all about VooDoo Lounge. You can't beat a party on a rooftop (51st floor to be exact) in Vegas. Also, drinks were like $10. Awesome. And the people? Easy going and rad. No pretentious douchebags like the Strip. No hoity toity bouncer judging you at the door. You can wear anything and get right on in (thank God people still had some class though and didn't wear Jesus sandals or anything). It's not as sleazy as MGM's Studio 54 but just as classy as the other clubs on the Strip. And get this, they were bumpin' 80's on the inside while the outside rooftop was doing top 40 mash-ups. Nice.Honestly, can you beat the view of Vegas at night and the drunken breeze that blows through your carefully constructed hair? Nope. Didn't think so.
5	Let me preface by saying that my birthday is my favorite day of the year EVER!(this is a late review so don't hate) So when my NOW ex told me that he had a surprise for me I was stoked!He wouldn't give me the details of the plans but just kind of drove me to our destination - When we got there we get on the elevator and start heading UP. MUCH TO MY DISMAY this was a glass elevator and I am terrified of heights... One panic attack later and we were waiting to be seated. We had a gorgeous view of the city, I ordered a witchdoctor - probably one of the most delicious FUN drinks I have ever had. Totally ostentatious!but I had to have it, especially after the elevator.I had the Menage a Trois  (mind out of gutter boys) this was a steak, lobster and shrimp . We also ordered the garlic herbed spinach. and HE had the lambchops.Granted the meal was pretty pricey- but for my birthday... totally worth it!This was probably one of the best meals I have ever eaten. Then to go up on the top of the Rio to over look the city... PRICELESS.
5	My only regret is that my boyfriend and I were not able to stay longer.  We had a show to catch and were only able to go to the lounge after dinner for a very quick peak of the view...AND IT WAS AMAZING!  There's nothing like being on the 51st floor rooftop Las Vegas.  I will definitely try to go there next time I'm in Vegas, and I'll plan on spending more time there.As for the dinner, the food was delicious and the service was excellent.  I believe in tipping, but I find that too many workers in Las Vegas expect a tip after barely doing a deed because that is the culture of Vegas, but it was not the case at this restaurant.  Our server was very friendly and went out of his way to make sure we were enjoying our meal.  This was an awesome change of pace for our Vegas trip.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas, from the ride up in the glass elevader to the quality of the food and drinks. Try the creamy onion soup...I'm still trying to duplicate it at home. Had lots of meals here through the years (and lots of drinks) and never been disappointed. Ask for a window table - the view will take your breath away. And after dinner go out on the patio where they serve drinks. There's a stairway to the Voodoo lounge unstairs. The music is too loud here, but the view is one of the best! This is a do not miss location.
5	I love the VooDoo Lounge. Every time I come to Vegas this is our Saturday night stop. Great service. Good music. Great drinks. The VooDoo also hold a very special place in my heart only because a year ago it was where the love of my life told me he loved me at a very romantic dinner one evening. Thank You VooDoo Lounge for never letting me down....I'll be back soon!!
4	Great food, great view, and if you time it right you can enjoy the music and dancing.
3	Go for the lounge, the steaks are pretty good. The Foundation room is still the best rooftop bar experience.
2	The music is decent. The view is beautiful. The layout is awesome.But what makes a lounge? Its not really the food, service, blah, bleh, whatever....... Its the crowd.If youre a single, bored chick, this is a great place for you. Talk about a sausage fest! Id say it was about 85-90% creepy-lookin men on the evening I went. Creepy and drunk...... Not a good combination, but yeah - go visit for yourself and see... Its not really a 'hip' place, but if you have nothing better to do - why not give it a go? Be sure to grab a free pass, they have someone passing out little cards on the casino floor where the escalators are (near keno)... Trust me, its worth it to get one since paying a cover for this place is just plain stupid.
5	Hone of the best Las Vegas after hours scene...in my opinion of course. There is always a good vibe on the patio lounge that sits 60+ stories above the Las Vegas strip (though I believe Ghost Bar and the new Playboy Club are higher). There is always a good mix of people, both young and old. I have never been for the food, but honestly, I would imagine there are much better places to eat!Yes drinks are pricey, but where is it not in Las Vegas these days? Yes table service is ridiculously expensive, but where is it not in Las Vegas?
1	I went here for dinner with a group of 30 people. We had four tables, each table got four appetizers, we each got a salad, a main dish and a desert. The food was good.. the desert was nothing impressive and the atmosphere was cool. All was good and fine till we left. As soon as we left the place, I realized that I had left mypurse in the bathroom, rushing back to get it , the bouncers would not let me in, the guy who worked at the door, raised his voice on me and we had to bribe him for him to check to see if my purse was in the restroom. Finally they brought down my purse for me and the cash inside was stolen. I was angry and furious about the way I was treated and asked to talk to the Manager and they refused to get the manager, another bouncer came and told me that he is the manager, as he was winking at the other girl in line. I explained to him the situation and explained how rude the other bouncer had been, his response was maam you can either laeve or I  can have security kick you out. I WAS FURIOUS AND STILL AM. I am going to file a report to BBB regarding this bad behavior. Drinks here are super super strong!!!!
2	Paid the $100 for open bar. Ok the booze was worth it, we made sure to get our monies worth other then that not worth it. $30 for the witch doctor because it is served over dry ice. Do you wanna spend that much for a drink. I DON'T. Only get to sit if you pay extra for a vip table. Other then that it was a great view and the music was ok.
4	This review is for the restaurant: service was perfect; food was delectable, considering we are creole food fanatics. The ambiance is fantastic for those that want to see and be seen, so dress to impress.
5	VooDoo was an unexpected surprise on my trip. My boyfriend and I were headed to the Rio for the buffet, but the line was insane. Instead, we decided to try VooDoo and I'm so glad we did.Let me start off by saying that our server John made my night. He was so awesome, funny, attentive and right on point. In fact all the staff we interacted with were top notch, but special kudos to John.As for the food, it was well prepared and delicious. The boyfriend and I both ha the flat iron steak and split a side of truffle Mac & cheese. Serious good eats. The steak wad cooked perfectly and the mac & cheese was creamy with just the right hint of truffle at the finish.I would definitely make a stop here again!
4	So this was our NYE Spot for 2010!! Im glad we picked this place..the view was amazing!! Only thing I thought was kind of akward was the right inside were people dressed up all fancy having a fancy dinner. It was FREEZING this night but it was a clear beautiful night perfect way to spend my last night of 2010 with my two best friends!! We didnt have to wait too long in line we bought our tickets in advance. I loved the 3 levels outside three dance floors and three bars. And let me tell you the $30 Witch Docter was well worth it!! Our motto is drink it really fast before the ice melts!! But it was hard because that drink was FREAKIN so big!! But it was very tasty and got us feeling really good!! However the bartender rolled his eyes and huffed because all 3 of us ordered one...what a punk...just made $100+ off 3 people!! JERK!! Anyway all that aside...as 12 approaches...the fireworks were amazing and the view even better!! I most def want to come back here the next time I come to vegas!! Thank you VooDoo Lounge for makin my 2010 NYE a night to remember!!!
2	This is for the lounge only-  Do not ever pay cover to get in here!!!  Cover should not even exist at this place, but if you can't find the guy in the casino making it rain passes, you deserve to pay.  There is no dress code to speak of- if that's your thing.  Went up, walked outside for a bit-nice view, too cold, went back inside, ordered a witch doctor, listened to music, watched bartender make witch doctors, finished drink, left, no more line to get in.  Uh yeah.
4	Any place in the world for a view of the city I am all for it, and this is on the top most, 51st floor of Rio Resort...exxxhilarating as this is a Vegas must visit lounge, it is to bare yourself out into the elements of higher altitude. Take the glass elevator that's a visual treat of the city as it climbs up to elevator doors that opens up to a dimly lit hallway. Bar and lounge-like setting with purple accents wrapped around in glass with a view. A stupendous concept of a dancefloor outdoors on the terrace that envelopes with Vegas air. Especially able to dance on its crowded concrete dancefloor. Yikes! it's an elbows-to-bodies-to-maybe-getting-stepped-on-the-feet by others uneasiness. My feet on high heel shoes ached as it did its twinkie moves my legs allows it as I execute some real simple dance moves on concrete flooring. Not good for my dancing feet. DJ music is that of club dancing type. Not well-spun mix of music interspersed after another. Awesome to be able to sit and just relax on the VIP table and seating area. A nice privilege with attentive host and servers. (Not awesome without "VIP" reservation which means "standing only"). Also to be able to access down the upper and lower terrace areas via its outdoor curving staircase renewed excitement. Great views of the Vegas "Strip" hotels and casinos which provides excellent photographic background of the glitzy lights of the city! Another good thing, it is a cool place to dine in that's breathtaking over Filet Mignon. Done well as I like it "done". No "black-like carcinogenic edges" to it. Waitstaff is cordial and attentive. The moderate price to the type of dining cuisine and service elements suffice well. The "Witch Doctor" cocktail puts a "dizzying" spell. Bewitching!
4	I loved this place! We partied here on a Friday night, and it was amazing. It's not exactly the "happening" spot these days, and it's on the other side of the freeway from The Strip, so my expectations were fairly low. I was happily impressed, however - this ended up being an awesome experience, and a ton of fun!The DJ was awesome - very chill, played good music, and was not arrogant. I love where he was situated - right on the edge with the Strip view behind him! It made the ambiance seem like you were in the movie "21", the ideal Vegas party setting.Thankfully, walking on the way in through the Rio, a promoter was handing out free pass cards if we went before midnight, so the four of us didn't pay cover. (I love when that happens!)Drinks are Vegas expensive, but at least they had some cool bartenders interacting with us and putting on a show while making drinks!VooDoo will be on my list as a cool place to party... No matter what's trending in Vegas, this view will be the same - absolutely amazing!
5	This is for the restaurant, although the views at the lounge are also equally awesome although I didn't care for the crowd myself.I went here for dinner with my Dad after an afternoon at Las Vegas Speedway for a track-day event a while back.  The Rio is probably my favorite place to stay in Las Vegas for the price, although I had never been to this restaurant.  This is easily in my top 5 dining experiences that I've ever been to - and that's saying something considering I live in San Francisco.  I had the sea bass which was one of the best meals I can ever remember having it was one of the most unique tasting dishes as well.  I've gotten sea bass quite a few places and haven't ever experienced anything close.The price wasn't bad considering other options in Las Vegas and for the quality of food it's unbeatable.  Very professional staff and the ambiance of the place is very comfortable.  The view is absolutely amazing as well!Highly recommend, there are a lot of places to check out in Las Vegas but you'd be passing up a great gem if you never checked this place out.
5	Awesome place!!  Their food and service were PERFECT!  Plus, the voodoo theme was a unique touch that added to the experience.  After dinner, the staff invited us to relax in their lounge on the rooftop of the casino.   Very upscale lounge to have a few drinks and enjoy the view after dinner.
4	Best view of the strip!!! Beautiful panoramic view! Bartenders are very friendly and fun! :)
5	Best place for a Hangover (the movie reference) moment.I ended up here after my cousin's wedding. We walked right in for some reason and paid no cover. How? I have no idea. We had no passes or anything...The vibe is great. I think its because its on a rooftop with an amazing view. I had a blast.
5	We did the bottle service package from vegas.com.  I loved the service and won't do a club any other way.  The VooDoo itself is not that cool inside (although outside is very nice) but we were seated next to a window overlooking the town.  the music was awesome and had us dancing in our seats immediately.  The club never got too crowded and I never felt like the lone geezer in a room full of pre-teens like I did at Tao.
4	A few of my buddies and I had bottle service this past weekend. Has the best view of the strip and the prices are pretty good compared to other locations. By 2 or so it was starting to die down. Still a pretty cool place, espically having the party outside.
3	Anytime I want to take a friend to take in a view of the Vegas Strip, I always keep the VooDoo Lounge in mind.  The lounge isn't as pretentious as the lounges at the Palms.  The VooDoo Lounge is inside The Rio Resort and is pretty simple to get to.  Dress code is enforced and consists of dress shoes and a collared shirt.  Cover can vary from free to $10; however, a limited amount of free passes are distributed at the Help Desk on the casino floor.Once you get through security and the hostess, you taken an elevator ride up fifty floors.  The lounge can vary depending on the night, but expect young to middle aged people and a hip hop soundtrack on Friday and Saturday nights.  The bar is fairly large and drink prices are standard club fare.  You can expect paying $8 for a shot of Skyy Vodka and about $10 for a mixed drink. The major draw of the lounge being the outdoor patio, which houses the incredible view of the Vegas skyline.  Depending on the night, a second DJ performers on the patio and keeps the night going.  Additionally, a bar is located on the patio which facilitates the boozing of the night.  The only reason I give VooDoo Lounge an average of three stars is because the past few times I've been by, the lounge seems pretty dead with not many party goers.  Furthermore, I was denied entrance once for my attire.Nevertheless, the lounge is a cool spot to go an chill an have a few drinks and take in the view, especially with prices being somewhat generous and affordable.  Unfortunately, I've yet to try the steakhouse, but it's on my to do list.
4	With a breathtaking view of the Las Vegas strip, VooDoo Steak and Lounge could probably get away with serving average food, but in true Vegas style, it is over the top delicious. They offer both choice and prime aged cuts of meat with a variety of cuts and sizes from an 8 oz filet mignon to a 28 oz tomahawk chop. Appetizers were also excellent. I had the sake lime cured king salmon which was outstanding. The citrus favor was extremely balanced against the sake and the crispy green onion garish completed the dish. My 12 oz choice flat iron was delivered exactly medium rare and was lean yet wonderfully flavorful. The side dishes of mushrooms, mac n cheese with truffle oil, asparagus, creamed spinach and shoestring potatoes were all very good. VooDoo's cuisine is on par with Morton's, Capital Grill or The Palm. Late night diners be warned, the Lounge above starts pumping out the beats at 10:00. If you want a quiet, candlelight dinner, there are other places in Vegas. If you want to dance, experience the rush of standing on top of the Rio Hotel & Casino, attempting to finish a diabolical Witchdoctor cocktail, head to VooDoo Steak and Lounge.
4	A group of work colleagues got a Magnum of champagne for $250, and in return we got a fabulous comfortable area to ourselves on the roof with a spectacular view.  We went on a Wednesday night, so it was comfortably busy, but not crowded. Our group were mostly 30- and 40-somethings, and we didn't feel "old" and the music outside was loud enough to dance to, but we could have easy conversations.We had a fantastic time, got great service, and it was a great value for the price.
3	The VooDoo Lounge was pretty decent.  We didn't have to wait in line because we had ordered bottle service.  The best part about this club is that there are two parts: an indoor area and an outdoor area.  Each area has it's own DJ.  The outdoor area was amazing because of the view.  The strip is your backdrop while you're dancing and drinking out there.  Both areas also have their own bars so you don't need to go back and forth.  The indoor DJ was a little full of himself.  He would dub in his name into the lyrics of songs and whatnot and just kept screaming into the mic all night long.  There were also different forms of entertainment  such as, a contortionist, a freak who chewed glass and stuck a sword down her throat and a belly dancer who would let a python hang off of her body!  The indoor DJ also had double monitors showing the music videos which was pretty cool.  Oh and supposedly there's a dress code that gets enforced, but honestly you would never believe that from looking around at some of they people they let into this club... hey... I'm just sayin'.....Like I said the main highlight of this place is that the outdoor has an amazing view of the strip.  It's pretty nice.
4	Last night in Vegas with my girls.... gotta do something, right? But we're quite frankly worn out from three nights (and let's face it, days) of hard partying. What's a group of ladies to do?VooDoo Lounge.We ended up not getting there until almost last call (it was a Sunday night, so still early by Vegas standards). We only ended up getting one drink and one shot each, which was fine- we were there to see the view we had heard about. No disappointment here!! It's so exhilirating to be up that high and see all those lights in a way you just can't when directly on the Strip. It is definitely worth the trip to be able to see that.Other than the great view, the lounge itself is small and seemed to attract a mixed crowd- not specifically young or old, just all over the place. I think the music was more slow jams than anything when we were here... in fact, I'm having a flashback of "Time of My Life" being the last song played (and no, not talking about the B.E.P. version). The bartender made a mean chocolate cake shot. :) I think if I were to come here with my S.O., we would have a good time, as it seems more couples-oriented than other places (although, I think "lounges" normally are geared more towards couples... maybe). Regardless, I'll be grabbing a taxi from wherever I end up on the Strip and heading this way next time.
3	Review for the Lounge/Club:Every time I go to Vegas this is always one of my stops- primarily because of the view. I started going years ago before it was super hyped up and packed almost all the time. I also remember the days when the Witch Doctors were twice the size they are now (and weaker than they used to be!). Voodoo hasn't changed much in the past 5 years except going cheap on the drinks and over packing the club with VIP sections that are unused (which is totally annoying if you're trying to see the view without a bunch of drunk asses running into you). The DJs are consistently good and it has a very, very mixed crowd. However, I only keep coming back for the view- it doesn't compare to anything else. Ghost Bar has nothing on this place. Also, over the years the award winning flair bartending has leveled off (I think I saw one bottle throw the whole time we were there) and it's not nearly the show it used to be which is really disappointing. If you ever have a chance to catch the episode of Three Sheets on Spike where Zane goes to Vegas- you'll see what I mean. The show was filmed several years ago and even there you can see the Witch Doctor and the flair are way better than they are now. For newcomers I think this is a great place to at least see once just because the view is so amazing. However, for those who have been going back over and over again- it's turning into a huge disappointment. For the Restaurant:I've dined here several times and price-wise it runs about the same as any other high end steak house you'd find on the strip. Mostly we ate here out of convenience since the selection at Rio isn't the greatest for food. The service has been reasonably decent and the food was good however, if dinner is going to cost around $100 a person I want to be wowed. The whole experience didn't seem like a 5 star dining like when we went to Strip House (wow! by the way). The servers were friendly but only slightly knowledgeable about the wine list and it seemed like there wasn't enough coverage for the tables which made dinner take forever. I don't really remember much more than that which is disappointing because I wish it were more memorable for the price paid. Been there, done that- won't be back to Voodoo Steak when there's so many better options for the same price.
3	I honestly can't say that much about the lounge because I wasn't there that long. My friends and I were able to get in, because we just watched a show at the Rio. It was relatively early still probably around 9:30pm, so there weren't many people there at all. One of the really nice things though is that it's located pretty far up, so you can a spectacular night view of Las Vegas. I think that it's worth it to just come and check out the view alone.
5	We stayed at The Rio last week and finally got to Voodoo Lounge on the last night. Boy were we missing out!! We had a blast! Drinks werent as expensive as some of the other clubs we had gone to about $10 bucks a piece The DJ was great!!! We like the old school stuff hip-hop with a mix of some newer stuff. The DJ not only mixed to music up well but he also had big screens and he would be mixing the music videos up at the same time!! The outside balcony was big with an amazing view it was cold so didnt spend to much time out there. Although there isnt a dance floor in the lounge there is plenty of room out there with a bar aswell. We just danced where ever we would be standing. They did do what seems to be the standard in Vegas which is blocking off all seating for "VIPs" More than half of the VIPs were not being used kinda rude. Again Vegas trying to suck every penny out of tourists.Overall the Rio was a nice fun place and VooDoo was a great way to end the vacation :)
4	We ate at VooDoo Lounge for my sister's 21st birthday dinner, and good thing we did because she will probably always remember the WITCH DOCTOR. This drink is the size of a fish bowl, smokes and bubbles, and is def. bewitching. I didn't have a drink because I had been drinking since I got off the plane a couple days earlier (my one friend started drinking on the plane) and needed a ginger ale and glass of water asap. In retrospect the 'doctor' would have cured my sickliness and would have gotten my night off right. i will know better next time.why a next time?.....the lobster thermidor.....i have been dreaming of it since i've been back. soooo delicious. Then after dinner, we ventured out to the rooftop club that has a breathtakingly spectacular view of the strip. The club was bumpin and was a mix of all different crowds & ages, I would actually say it was more of an older crowd (by which i mean older than my low 20's entourage). It was a great time because my parents were with us that night for the birthday celebration and so the mixed crowd was perfect for our situation. So why 4 stars? I don't think any of the restaurants in Vegas should be ranked on a 5 star scale. Every single restaurant I went to had slow service, slooooooooooooow service. So top of the line, 4 for VooDoo, for that, but I didn't seem to find any speedy service anywhere, though I'm used to the east coast so it could just be me.
4	Real nice lounge/eatery on the top floor of the Rio. Being 51 floors up on the Rio really made for a breathtaking view of the Vegas skyline at twilight. This place is also home to the infamous "witch doctor," a 7 type of liquor concoction served in what appeared to be a 40 oz mug made with dry ice- to keep the drink steaming until the ice melted. It was worth the $30 price tag; although i couldn't image drinking more than one. If you're looking for the typical Vegas party scene - go elsewhere; this place catered to an oldish crowd; my buddy and I felt out of our element. Overall, I would recommend this place to take your date for a romantic tasty dinner while simultaneously taking in the stunning views the from 51 floors above ground.
5	Pricey, yes.  Worth it... ABSOLUTELY.  I don't often eat this well, but these people know what they're doing.  All of the food was ridiculously amazing, and the service was phenomenal! I highly recommend planning a night at the VooDoo!!
4	I liked this lounge a lot. If I danced a lot I probably would have liked it even more. The scenery is great you pretty much see all of Vegas. Did I mention its on top of the Rio you have to take this see thru elevator up to the club. BIG TIP DON'T PAY TO GET INTO THIS CLUB THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO ARE GIVING OUT FREE TICKETS.When you finally get into the club you are indoors once you get outside you are amazed at how beautiful it is. The sad part is that a rum and coke cost $12.00 I wasn't even going to try their famous witchdoctor drink it must have been at least a $30 drink maybe less. I'm from newyork and used to going to places where a jack and coke is $7.00The reason this place is getting the 4 stars is because if I had money I would have enjoyed myself a little bit more. Note to self men don't dance on the pole you will get escorted off because its only for women apparently. Also if you have $1200 laying around you get vip seats.....OH PLEASE!
5	Such an amazing view!!!  Drinks are a bit pricey, but nothing too shocking for a Vegas club.  Great music and great environment!  Everyone was friendly and I had a great time here!
3	Nice lounge. Fortunately my boss paid for the open-bar bracelets, it was cool - BUT it is just good for well drinks only. SO basically if you are okay with Vodka and Beer the bracelet is good, oh and you can drink a lot. Otherwise the whole table service CRAP, is just that CRAP. If I had a choice I would go to the ghost bar first. The music was OK, for a Tuesday night the crowd was decent and it was not at all crowded.
4	I was surprised when I went to get a steak dinner and found a nice nightclub one floor up.I wasn't aware of the restaurant hours and it actually was about to close but they were hospitable enough to seat and serve us at a table next to a window with a great view.  The Porterhouse I had was cooked perfectly and seasoned just right so that you could really taste the flavor of the beef- most important.  The bit of bone marrow as one of the sides was also deeeeeelicious.It was a Thursday evening, so out in the lobby there were promoters handing out free passes to the actual "lounge" part of the two-story piece of awesome.  The inside lounge was okay... nothing special, especially since the DJ was playing really badly mixed 80's songs and it seemed like a complete disservice to the outdoor area where they had go-go dancers, a phenomenal view of the city rivaled only by Ghost, and good Top 40 music.
3	Great view. OK Steak. Nice rooftop bar, albeit more aged-meat on the rooftop than on the menu.
4	Awesome view, beautiful weather. Had a shot called the 'woo woo' Watch out. Good music inside and outside. I didn't mind the crowd since it's really about the people you are hanging out with. And the witch doctor drink... 1 was more than enough for 4 people!  Grab a pass for the entry. $10 before 12.
4	I celebrated my 30th birthday with my friends last Saturday night at the VooDoo Lounge. We reserved a table with bottle service for a very reasonable price. The VIP tables are set up next to the big windows with amazing views. The club got pretty crowed and there is no where to sit, so having our own section to mingle and dance in was a big plus. The views outside were beautiful....you can see all of Vegas on the roof top. The music was great both indoor and outdoors. The only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5 is because of our waitress. She greeted us when we arrived and set us up but didn't return until the end of the night. We had to hunt down the bar staff to get refills on our mixers and ice. We ended up ordering extra drinks straight from the bar, so our waitress missed out on the extra tips she could have earned. Also, there was no security watching our section, we had to kick people out a few times which shouldn't be our job. But all in all we had a great time and I may reserve a table there again because the price was pretty unbeatable compared to the other places in Vegas.
5	This is my favorite place to eat in Vegas.  You cannot beat the view...it is definitely the prettiest in my opinion...yes, even better than Top of the World in the Strat!You are treated like a king/queen the moment you arrived as you travel up a glass elevator that overlooks the strips to the 50th floor of the Rio.  When you enter the Voodoo Cafe, you'll notice it's uniquely decorated with voodoo type drawings on the walls.  Always ask to sit on the strip side of the restaurant...it's where you'll get the best views.The food here is great!  I repeatedly get the Manage a Trois which has lobster, filet, and shrimp with mashed and veggies.  It is phenominal!  I'm not a big eater and I will sit there and clear the plate...I just love it.  They have some great sauces you can try with your filet as well.  My husband has had the chicken once and steak several times.  He is always happy with his meal.  The Witch Doctor is a really cool drink to order if you're there with friends from out of town.  Oh, and remember to order the Mac N Cheese.  It is the BEST gourmet Mac N Cheese in town...and trust me, I try the Mac N Cheeses at every nice place we go to in Vegas looking for one that can top Voodoo...and none have yet.Best thing to do is set your reservation for 20-30 before sunset...you can google for the time since it changes throughout the year.  Head in, order a bottle of wine, and then head out to the roof deck to check out the sunset and the amazing view.  It's just gorgeous!  After your meal, head up to the Voodoo Lounge.  It's intimate and there is no cover when you eat at the restaurant.  You can even leave and come back later when the club gets busy and cut the line as long as you have your bill from dinner.  There is a deck up there as well (which is the 51st floor) and it's simply beautiful at night.  And since the Rio is just a block off of the strip, the view is awesome and unobstructed.Oh, and check before you go...we're not gamblers and were tipped to get a players card.  We were just there again last month for our 10th year anniversary dinner and with the player's card we saved 20% on our bill!!!  Love it!
2	First off, I would like to say that me and my family have been going to the Voodoo for some time now. Be aware that the restaurant has changed, it is a steakhouse now and not the cafe, which was much better than the steakhouse, so when you read the reviews, make sure you are reading the new restaurant. Me and my family recently ate at the steakhouse for a graduation and we were a large party of people. I would like to warn people about this restaurant because two people in my party became violently ill with food poisoning. Both ate the seabass, and both displayed the same symptoms about 2 hours after eating the food. When I filed a complaint, the Rio responded that they provided safe and quality service. I would be careful with choosing this restaruant as I have also put a call in to the Nevada Health department. I understand that these things happen, especially in other restaurants, but they way that they handled this matter was unprofessional. As a side note, for being an expensive steak restaurant, the steaks were average, I have had better steaks at outback. All I can say is that I would not recommend the restaurant, maybe for cocktails and the view, but not for the food, you are better going somewhere else if you are going to spend that kind of money.
4	I don't know if it was the view, the fact that it was in my hotel, or that I was stinkin' drunk, but I surprisingly had a really fun time here. The view is great and a much more affordable alternative to the more pretentious and Vegas-style snobby of Ghost baR. The flair bartenders were a nice touch.
1	Salad-overdressed. Steak-overcooked and over salted. Lobster-overcooked and over salted. Too much money for a crap meal with a cool view. Seriously, anywhere else would be better. DooDoo Steak.
3	Awe this place used to be one of my faves but now is just another one of those clubs with little attention and full of ugly pirate hookers.  The view is still great but that is all that is happening for the team at VoodooNot sure if the food is still good, but definitely am sad to see this place lose it's appeal.
3	The thing about VooDoo is that you need to know what to expect when you go here.  It feels like one of those lounges you may find in the lobby of a hotel tucked away in a corner, decorated to attract an upscale crowd with a mix of slow and dance-inducing music.  It's a chill venue, not overhyped by the media or locals but a nice location to get a drink. It's one of those places.  Certainly not Vegas nightclub standards, but not at all mediocre either. Diamond in the rough.So if you understand that this is what you're looking for, it's a great venue.  Parking was very easy and the line wasn't too long.  I wasn't on the guestlist and I still got inside in less than maybe 20 minutes.  Not bad.The interior is nicely decorated and they have a great balcony view.  Although there was a lot of people, walking around wasn't too bad. The circular interior is built to have traffic move inside and out onto the balcony, and crowds are always moving.The crowd energy is fairly mild.  Not too noisy, no one is overly drunk or causing a scene.  Everyone is pretty considerate, and just trying to have some modest fun.It's a great place to go BEFORE hitting a Vegas nightclub, which is exactly how my group and I treated it.  We got a couple drinks here, got a little buzzed and walked across the street to the Moon at the Palms Hotel.The reason why I'm giving it a three stars is because although it is a nice venue, I don't know what gap this place fills in.  The drinks aren't much cheaper than a real nightclub, and the place feels like a high school junior prom in the first hour where nobody's on the dance floor and just floating around.  If you want a cheap drink, there's tons of lounges everywhere and you don't need to wait a very long line.  I haven't tried the food so I have no comment on that portion.  People may argue that the lounge is upscale and you pay extra for the experience and the view, but in my opinion it's not an absolutely necessity.PRO: Nice pre-club venue to get a little buzzed, chill outCON: If lounges aren't your thing, you may want to pass
3	In the 15 years that I have been going to Las Vegas the VooDoo has been the consistent bar/club for me. It has never let me down. With that said, the Rio is deteriorating and the Voodoo has dropped a notch as well. It is a shame because it has such appeal. It has a great restaurant on the lower level and an excellent patio view of the strip. At one point I stopped hanging out with my friends and just stared at the view for awhile. The go-go dancers didn't hurt either. The Voodoo has three areas: the inside bar, the top patio and the bottom patio. Tables are available in all three areas but I think the best are on the top patio. There are different dj's for the outside and inside areas. The outside DJ played a mix of hip-hop and house. It was a really good mix of music. The drinks are great for the price. Really huge pours. Don't sleep on this fact. Three drinks at the Voodoo will have you on your butt. I really want to give this 5 stars but the rest of the building drags it down. On the night we went the exterior elevators were not working. That was part of the appeal. Long live Voodoo, at least until they decide to sell the Rio.
3	I wanted to enjoy this more.  The service was excellent.  The view was superb.  The name "VooDoo Steak" is awesome.  The food was average.  I had their lobster bisque, which they make with chopped apples - didn't add much to it, except... well, apples.  I had a filet mignon, which was not as good as what we prepare at home and maybe slightly better than Outback Steakhouse - maybe.  The asparagus and mushrooms were disappointing sides.  We were here before the Penn & Teller show, and it was our first day in Vegas, so I was really anticipating this dinner.  I wish I had a better experience.  I wasn't tempted by dessert either. My suggestion:  go here for the view - and to escape the floor of the Rio (yikes, that casino!) - Not a place I'd need to visit again.
4	This place is off hook ! Weve been to Voodoo A few times now and it never dissapoints! Never dined there just hit the club/lounge on the 51st floor. Your all the way at the top of the Rio partying it up ! Although a bit small you have the option of staying in the building or going out to the actual rooftop outside. Bars in and out so dont have to walk back in for drinks.Once outside though you will see one of the most awesome views, THE awesome lit up city of Las Vegas. The view itself is worth the trip here ! Drinks here seem to be a little on the expensive side but as a previous Yelper stated , Gotta get the "Witch Doctor." It is a 30 dollar drink thats huge and has about 3 or more different kinds of Liquor in a bowl shaped cup topped with punch and a piece of dry ice to give it a cool " smoke coming outta the glass" effect. Definately a creeper drink. Did i mention awesome?Music is above average but could be a bit better. 2 Dj's. One inside the premise one out on the rooptop.Overall i like this spot alot. The reason why its not a full 5 stars its because of  the size of the place.. not all that big and the fact that the Witch Doctor ( the drink i always get ) runs me 30 dollars plus a 5 dollar tip. You dont have to tip but i just feel i should. To the average person one Witch Doctor or maybe even 2 would have someone saying " Im getting messed up ." But me i need 3 maybe even 4 to get a good buzz going. Do the math.The Drink is not good on the wallet but Definately taste good going down. thats why i drop the 35 anyway.Im closing this out .... Want an awesome view , a good time , dont mind paying a little more for drinks? Go to Voodoo , youll have a blast!Ps. i know i said i was closing this but i just wanna say that Voodoo is no Marquee @ the Cosmo or XS @ the Encore , thats like comparing a Toyota to a Lamborghini but i think youd still have a good time here.Pss. Seriously this is it ... So you dont pay a 20 dollar cover at the door sometimes you can find both males and females down at the lobby of the Rio passing out free passes to Voodoo as long as your in before midnight.If you dont see anybody passing out passes i recommend going to that bar to the left of the escalators that leads up to Voodoo (forgot the bar name , sorry ) and just ask them if they have any passes you can have. Just be nice about it and theyll hook it up. Passes at the bar can be free passes or just half off tho. Have fun !!
5	VEGAS I MISS YOU!!! VOODOO I MISS YOU TOO!!!!Had a blast my 2nd night in vegas here. me and my girls met some older guy who had the hook up on all the clubs in vegas so we got right into voodoo! the line was super long so we was lucky ;) ok so the rooftop was the sh*t i loved it. you can literally see over all las vegas. the crowd was very decent. they have stairs that you walk down on the rooftop which was  hella scary but it was funny because at the bottom of the stairs i saw a man with drink spilled all over him from walking down the stairs LOL i laughed so hard i almost fell LOL. overall this place is 5 star and a must go to place when going to vegas! cant wait to go back next month!!!!!
4	This place was really fun. I've never partied off the strip before (well, been to other places). We had 17 girls (bachelorette) and so we got in no problem. This place was pretty. It had a outside area and a inside area. AmbianceThere was a pole (spinning pole)... I'm not used to a spinning pole but was able to get one spin... But the rest were hard haha. I have a stationary pole so I'm used to spinning on that. So spinning pole at the outside dance floor.Inside dance area had mini stages for girls to dance on. That was fun. With glowing lights... It was like a stripper joint. But it's not. The music is different inside the club and outside. Outside more hip hop and the inside had more house electronic. DrinksDidn't buy any. Pre partied and I didn't really drink cuz I was sick. LocationAt the Rio. The bachelorette party was staying there so very convenient for the drunk girls - and yes we had some. BathroomExpect lines ladiesCrowdVery mixed crowd - very little Asians... But everything else was there. We were really the only Asians. It wasn't crowded as the other dance places. We actually had room to dance and that's all we wanted to do. So, it was good for us.
4	This review is of the club/lounge, not the restaurant.I've been here a few times now, and it's definitely a hot spot in Vegas (even though it's off the Strip).  The shuttle runs every 30 minutes from the strip to the Rio until 1am for free so getting there is not a problem.  Cover can be anywhere from $10-$30 depending on the night, but there are always promoters handing out free passes in the lobby.  Get your free pass and take the elevator up to the 51st floor and you have arrived.The DJs here play a mix of hip hop, techno, and top 40s. It can take a while for the dancing to get started because most people are taking in the view. They have a couple of go-go girls to watch, but they are kind of boring.Ok so the 'Witch Doctor':Wow! My friend and I found a 2 for 1 coupon, but we had no idea what we were in for!  The bartender set up two HUGE goblets (we thought we were getting a specialty shot or something--try 10).  The drink contained Malibu, Peach Schnapps, Pineapple Rum, Raspberry Rum, Captain Morgan, and Grenadine. If you're into fruity drinks, this is for you! We were actually planning on hitting a different club, but after our drink order there was no way we were leaving.  The club, the drinks, the music, the view....what a night!  I won't go to Vegas without making a stop here.
5	This is the best nightclub and view of Vegas! We arrived a little after sunset (so make sure you time it right to see that view) and as the night went on, it got way more crowded and louder...but it was a great experience! I just got back from my first trip to Vegas, and this was my favorite stop we made over our 5 day trip!
2	Ok, this is just for the steakhouse, not the lounge.  I didn't visit the lounge.I was really hoping for a great experience with VooDoo, but it was quite disappointing.  I'll dispense with the obvious rhymes I could make about the quality of the place: suffice it to say, I do not recommend it.No doubt, the view is great (not as good as the view from the Eiffel Tower Restaurant, but still great).  But the problems with the food and the service (and to some extent, the setting) just can't be made up for by the view.I was a little surprised at the level of "casual" dress in the place.  I was wearing slacks and a sport coat.  There were dudes in there in tank tops and jorts.  I don't want to sound like a snob here, but I thought this was supposed to be a nice place.  Oh well...to each his own.  I'm no Mr. Blackwell.The service was very slow.  I was having wine by the glass because my dining partner wasn't drinking.  Well, I only manged to get one (it was a very good Stag's Leap, by the way); I probably would have had 3 if I ever could have gotten our server's attention.  It took forever to get the food, and once we got it, they just dropped it and hauled ass.  I want to point out that the place wasn't crowded at all.  All the servers were just hanging around talking with one another. I got a bone in filet.  I have no complaint with the quality of the beef.  But they overcooked it.  Bad.  Real bad. Overcooking is something that will kill a filet.  I ended up with a bone-in hockey puck.   I love truffle mac n cheese, so when I saw it on the menu, I was happy to order it.  I've had it at some places that prepare it really well...VooDoo doesn't: the macaroni was this short little stuff like our of a kid's school lunch, and it had very little flavor. The creamed spinach was so salty, I could hardly eat it (and I like a lot of salt). I didn't want to bother with dessert for two main reasons.    First,  I had no idea how long it would take to get it, given how slow the service was.  Second, just about the time I finished my entree, they cranked up the music in the lounge, which is on the next floor up and connected by a staircase.  Ok, ok, so I'm old, but it was so freakin' loud the water in my glass was rippling with every thump of the bad-assed bass accompanying the techno-noise music from upstairs.  Not a nice atmosphere if you'd like a quiet, relaxing dinner.  I decided to haul ass rather than bust a move, get jiggy wit' it, or whatever the correct phrase would be.I don't know:  It may be that I'm too old to enjoy a place like VooDoo Steakhouse.  Maybe they should have "reverse carded" me or something. I suppose I should start practicing: "You darned kids get offa my lawn!!!"
4	Go before 9pm and ask the front entrance employee if you can just go up to look at the patio....by doing this, it will save you the cover charge :).
4	Oh, VooDoo, do that voodoo that you do so well.We were at the Rio for Def*Con, and decided to have a lovely date night. My SO thought 'Hey, there's supposed to be an awesome steak house right here, let's do that!' And let's just say that the meat was a flowin', if you get my drift.  :DThe atmosphere for dinner is business casual to full-on dressy. I think they will let you into the club in less formal attire. I ordered the filet, he ordered... some other meat, with the asparagus as a side. Ordered a bottle of red, and the dessert sampler - which is PERFECT for two people after a big meal. Two miniature creme brulees and a chocolate crunch, all just a few bites... so perfect. Put it in my mouth.I deducted one star because while the service was good, our waiter was very obviously miffed that we didn't want an appetizer. But when you're paying for a $40 steak, you don't want to fill up on anything else!Once you are there for dinner, you get free admission to the club (prior to 9 or 10, I believe). Go up there just for pictures if you don't want to dance; the view is amazing and is totally a romantic spot before the music gets going.
4	I liked this place. It was good, but I dont know if I would go back again because a) its still fairly pricey and b) I dont think you totally get your moneys worth. Our waiter was slow (very nice) but he seemed to just walk around and forget about us. We had two witch doctors, a good drink to get if you go there. The view is great, we sat in a booth facing outside and loved it. The food was pretty good. Not incredible, but pretty good.
2	So recently the boyfriend and I were on vacation. We've stayed at the Rio before, but never got a chance to try the steak house. Needless to say I wasn't too impressed. Service: I was torn on this. The woman who seated us was nice and pleasant. Sat us as quickly as she could. After being seated we were approached by who we thought was our waiter but was just a backup for the other waiters on the floor. He brought us our drinks and bread, then the actual waiter decided to come over and ask if we wanted anything to drink. Uhm, no already taken care of. Needless to say this guy was less than impressive. He treated us like we didn't belong in this "high class" steak house. He asked us three times if we needed the menu explained to us, even after declining the first time he asked. After we ordered he pretty much just ignored us like we had the plague. Food: The food here is so-so. My boyfriend ordered the fillet mignon, and I ordered their specialty Menage a trois. The food took forever to come out, which struck me as odd since it wasn't very busy. When it did finally come out our waiter just threw it in front of us and went to attend other tables. The fillet mignon was not cooked the way my boyfriend asked, it was well done instead of medium well. The menage a trois was a mess. The lobster tail, and shrimp were completely over cooked. I had to cut them with a knife to eat them. The steak was cooked right, but lacked any real flavor. Overall: I would never come back to this place. I would suggest to save your money and time and just go downstairs to the American Bar and Grille. Much better food and staff.
1	This is for the Voodoo lounge -The view is nice, but everyone is rude and treats you like a second-class citizen.No thanks, I didn't come to Vegas to be treated like dirt.
3	walking through the casino and a lady gives us free passes so we decide to try it out and if its wack we just leave right?  We got in and proceeded straight to the bar (as always) and ordered up some shots from this HOT bartender (we purposely waited longer 4 him lol) glad we waited cause he made us about 3 rounds of shots (washington apples. lemon drops, red headed sluts) and we were good to go.  Went outside and the view was amazing!!! Best part about this place was def the view.  Music was decent and crowd was ehhh but when im w/my girls we always have a good time ;)
2	The service was inattentive and slow.  Food took forever to come out.The two other people in my party had some nice steaks, but mine was undercooked and a bit cold.The seafood appetizer we had was pretty basic and a deep fried mess.Nothing exciting to see here.  For these prices, go to BOA in Caesars.
1	Review for the club: It sucks. lol The only thing good about this place is the view. It might be good if you're over 40 because that's all there is there and the music is 90s hits and misses. The drinks are overpriced with a drop of alcohol. Paid $28 for 2 drinks.
4	I thought the food and the service was above average. The view was incredible. My wife and I enjoyed very much
4	Awesome steak house/ lounge with rooftop view. I try to go here whenever I'm in Vegas. Last trip for dinner the waiter "listened" to our requests and made some helpful recommendations. We ended up with an incredible Kobe steak. Afterward we hung out at the lounge and enjoyed the extensive Vegas skyline view outdoor on the massive patio. The crowd isn't the "it" crowd and drink prices are typically steep but it's definitely worth checking out if your into rooftop lounges
4	This is probably my most favorite of all Vegas clubs.  The ride to the club is beautiful if you like that whole, glass elevator, see for miles thing.  Once inside you're greeted by a very dim lit room and the sound of music in the distance.  Walk a few more feet and you're at, most importantly, a huge bar with extremely friendly bartenders.  Once you grad you're drink you have to head outside where the view is breath taking.  Besides getting in for free, the drinks are good and if you're celebrating something special, the bartenders hook it up.I would go back a million times.
5	One of my favorite spots in Vegas. A few years ago we came around 10p & waited in a line for over 30 minutes and never moved. So, last year we decided to eat dinner at Voodoo Steak, which then allows you to go up to walk up to the lounge for free.Since our master plan worked out so well last year, we did it again this year. The food is absolutely incredible! I got the sea bass which was absolutely delicious. The rest of our group got steak which everyone raved about.After dinner, we headed up to the lounge. The DJ was awesome playing great 80's & 90's music. We were outside most of the night since the weather was so nice. The view is 5 stars alone!Definitely recommend eating dinner here & then heading up to the lounge after!
2	So...this was the second time I had come to the VooDoo and had a completely different experience than I had the first time. We had made reservations weeks in advance for a birthday party for 7. We arrived on time, and were seated RIGHT inside the door with a nearly empty dining room. We asked the unfriendly guy at the desk if there was any way the move, to which he replied 'no'. We sat there for the majority of our dinner staring at empty table after table much farther into the dining room. So while the food was good (as always) we were treated like dirt by the hostess staff. Our waiter was good and tried to make it better, but we started with a sour taste for the place and left with the same sour taste. I was disappointed because I'm the one who suggested it...not sure I'll go back.
1	Outside of the view . . . well it is just too contrived.  Given the pricing I would expect more . . . like maybe a table cloth . . . like maybe if you sell me a beefsteak tomato salad how about some beefsteak tomatoes . . . not grape tomatoes, not yellow hot house tomatoes and hey how about some reasonable blue cheese . . . instead of the minimal square of lifeless shit portrayed as blue cheese.  The steak, bone-in ribeye, was decent although dry aged . . . for how long 2 hours . . .  well at least the sauteed mushrooms met my minimum standardCompletely disturbingly unsatisfying . . . In my week of extremes . . . $6.00 lunches versus $90.00 dinners sans drinks . . . well the truth is the lunches crushed the food at VooDoo  . . . poor pretentious bastards.OMG . . . was I that brutal . . . and it was not even a real estate company . . . Well, IT SUCKED . . . but the view was outstanding  but the view is better taking off from the airport and a flight between Vegas and Southern California can be had for less cash.
3	Cool little night club off the strip at the Rio, great views as it was on the roof top of the hotel!
4	Wonderful steak house where I enjoyed one of the best filets of my life. Perfectly seared, juicy and tender and amazing flavor!  Super romantic atmosphere for you and your honey, too. Service was attentive, but not annoying, and cocktails on the deck afterwards was lovely.  Dang, what a view!
4	With a generous tip to our taxi driver, we got four "free" passes to Voo Doo lounge, which we decided to go to out first night in Vegas. You have to get there before 10 in order to get in free with the pass which is extremely early. We drank at the casino before we went up to save some money which was a smart thing to do because the drinks there were crazy expensive! Once we got up there, it was fairly quiet. Then we went outside and found out where everyone was partying. The view is amazing! It started to get a little windy after a while, so we went back inside. The drinks are pricey just as almost all of the clubs in Vegas are.
5	The view is worth every penny! The tip is have dinner there, so you don't have to wait in line! The patio(s) are amazing - the view is of the likes that can only be found in New York- it's absolutely breathtaking!
2	REVIEW IS FOR LOUNGEPlace is old, dirty, and in need of a makeover. Older crowd (40's).  Bought an all you can drink wristband for $75 (Halloween weekend) and was assured Jameson, Goose, ect were on the top shelf list.  After a group of 18 forks over the money and we order our first rounds, we are told Jameson and Goose were not included but Patron and Crown were. Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.But...it does have a great view.
1	Long story short:  Wasted my time, didn't waste my moneyHere's the Tarentino version:I glance at the menu, mmmmmm Wagyu Beef, and only $60 for an 8oz cut with trimmings.  Righton.                                        "No, I'm not ready to order."Nice view too.  Glad I dressed up.  Hope my look fits the place.                              "No thanks, we'll have water while we check out the menu."Wait, is that the Charlie Brown theme song on the radio?  Holy shit, the guy sitting next to us has his asscrack hanging out of his Guildan sweatpants.                              "No, waiter, I don't know what I want to drink with dinner yet, I haven't decided what I want to eat."I can't believe it, that IS the Charlie Brown theme song.                              "No waiter, I don't know what I want to drink with dinner yet.  No, I don't know what I want to order yet.  See how I'm still holding my menu in such a way as to make it easier to read?  That means I'm still reading it.  That means I haven't made a decision."I thought the big sign in front said "Upscale-Hip Dresscode Required"...  Is a gravy stained Broncos jersey hip?  Did I miss that memo?  I gotta start reading GQ again.                              "No waiter, I don't know what I f&%$king want to drink yet."OMG they have to be screwing with me but I swear that's a Muzac revision of David Hasselhoffs "Hooked on a Feeling."                              "Ok, I'll bite, you need to get your date with the whitebitch going, I get it.  Fine Ill order something so you get the f*%&ck out of my face for 3 f**&%cking minutes and hit that snowdrift you got sitting on your locker in back.What was that waiter?  Your French-Creole inspired restaraunt with attached full-bar doesn't do a Sazerac?  Are you effing serious?  No I don't want a damn appletini."Broncos' biggest fan just farted and laughed about it to himself.                              "You know what, fuck this place.Manager?... yeah, sorry man, no effing way.Bye."
1	This was the worst dining experience I've had in a while. I ordered my steak very well no pink - you can't see anything because it is so dark. Luckily I filled up on my soup (a whopping $8 for a cup of soup) and some bread and potatoes. Back in the room I looked at my steak and it was rear.. I thought it tasted a little off.. The doorman downstairs was super rude. Tried to make us wait in line to go to the club, we explained we had a dinner reservation, then he snapped we had to wait and pay, I was like no - for a dinner reservation. Finally he let us go. The noise from the club is so loud you can't hear yourself think. You can't even read the menus our waiter had a flashlight for us to see. On the way up you have to cram in this little elevator with all the people who want to go to the club, so most of them are already drunk and annoying. The food is overpriced and flavorless. My $60 steak wasn't even made right. I emailed the hotel (which we were staying in) and the manager said I should have brought it to their attention at the time. I explained it was dark we couldn't see, we weren't happy with the whole experience and just wanted to get out of there. He said he'd remake me a steak if I came to the restaurant to pick it up. I asked if he could send it to our room - a big fat no. Then I asked if we could get a gift card because we were leaving the next day. Again no. I'll upload a picture of my wonderfully undercooked steak. He did offer next time we're in Vegas I can come get my steak. Seriously? Like he's even going to work there or remember.This was not only the worst dining experience, but it was our anniversary as well. What a way for us to waste $200+ on food I didn't even eat. I suggest going to another steak joint - it's Vegas there are hundreds!
2	This place was as real disappointment.   When you are spending a decent amount of $$ for a good meal there are reasonable expectations to have.  Like nice atmosphere, excellent food and great service.  Well the atmosphere is the only one that fits into that category.   It was warm, romantic, and the view was awesome.  Things go down hill after that.  Our waiter took forever to even come over to us, hands us menus walks away.  Finally after quite awhile comes over to take our drink order.  We did not have a wine list.  Instead of offering us one, he just says well what do you like?  STill would have been nice to see a list.  Next our salads are brought out.  Caesars and they are pretty good.  Next our steaks come out.  Mine is rare (I wanted medium).  So I show it to him and he is like Oh, let me take that back, he knew right away it was wrong.  So my husband is eating while Im sitting there.  The steak comes back and half of it is still too pink...send it back again! We had mashed potatos that needed more seasoning so we added salt/pepper.  Dessert we ordered creme brulee.  I have made better my self.  There was hardly any carmelized sugar on top, and the custard was very bland.   I have to say our waiter was totally consumed with a larger group of 12.  My husband and I felt neglected on a service stand point and a food stand point. The waiter brought me a on the house glass of wine to try to rectify the problem with the steak, but It wasn't enough to fix the dinning experience. I  was really disappointed in the whole experience, especially when you are paying that much $$.  I will never go back here again, there's too many other good options in Vegas to pay alot of money for crappy service and not great food.
5	Dan and I went to Voodoo after having a few drinks at Mix. They both provided stunning views of the strip, but completely different vibes. Voodoo is more of a nightclub with a party feel. It felt more young and fun, rather than having the elegance of Mix. I enjoyed them both for entirely different reasons and it was a good contrast for a great evening out!
5	Came up here for the fantastic views of the strip and was not disappointed.  They have outside bars and lounge areas with heaters.  Im not sure if you have to pay a cover to get up here but we had just came out of a show in the Rio and the lady saw our stamps on our hands and let us right over to the elevators and we were able to go up for free.  Great photo ops at night.....a must check out if you are in the area after dark.  Hint if you are on the strip there is a free shuttle every 30minutes from Bally's over to the Rio.
4	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (10 of 365).1 star = Locals are FREE :)2 stars = This place is on the rooftop of a casino with an awesome view3 stars = Customer service from the bartenders and security guards 4 stars = for the DJ trying to play the music we were requesting.I like the fact that there is a large dancefloor outside because it can get fairly hot inside with all the smoking and heavy drinking going on.  There is also many small stages for girls to climb up and show their dance moves.  Also, drinks are heavily liquored here which is always a good thing because alcohol ain't cheap on the strip.
4	I had an excellent time here.  I had no problem getting into the place at all.  The guy at the door was friendly and funny.  The entire staff treated me well and with respect.  The view is spectacular.  You can see all of Las Vegas.The drinks were stiff and much cheaper than on the strip.
4	I love this place solely for the view and the chocolate martinis. I've only ate here twice and had the chicken which was alright. My boyfriend got sick the last time so I've since avoided eating there. Just go up for the view and the drinks! The elevator rides on the outside of the hotel so it's a little scary and fun to watch Vegas rise below your feet. The overall feel of the club is dark and black light which I think is really sexy. Love this place.
5	I give it a 5 star because I had an awesome time every tine I went there. You get that Witch Doctor drink and you're set for the night. Awesome view of the Sin City.Gotta say i've only stayed on the terasse...
4	I went to VooDoo twice while I was in Vegas, on Tuesday and Wednesday.  I didn't pay either time.  Although once we had to get a card from a promoter to get in free.  The view is awesome!!  Only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because on Tuesday the music was awesome and on Wednesday the music was kind of lame.  The other negative for me was that there appeared to be quite a few escorts there.
4	I am probably the worst person to go to clubs. I can't stand bottle service which I think is a rip off and really dont appreciate many of the other things. This place was great. the people in it wanted to have a good time and the dancing was fun. The views are amazing and about the only thing outside that I thought would have been good is some form of heating. I will come back next time I am in town.
3	Now, I was only here for a private Microsoft event, so I can't review the bar very well, or the restaurant, or any of the night life. But it is a pretty cool place. Located off strip, the view is pretty spectacular. It sounds like if you eat at the restaurant, you can go up one story to the rooftop for free. While I'm not sure how good the food is, I also don't know what the cover for the roof is. So it might be worth it if you just need dinner.I will say that the catered food for us was...lackluster. Not that I expect it to be great, but if it's any indication of the restaurant quality, that's probably not a good sign. Just go for the view.
3	Beautiful views, sexy go go dancers next to our table, and old ugly people on the dance floors... WTH, bottles are not overpriced, drinks are very strong.We had a good time with our friends, and enjoyed the amazing Vegas skyline views as well, other than that... It was alright. :)Hate the restroom. :(
4	We had dinner at the restaurant first and then went upstairs to lounge. What a view!!! We loved this place! We went to dance (80's night) but nobody but us and another couple were dancing.. big bummer.. so we went elsewhere.. I would have given a 5 star rating otherwise. BTW the steaks are cooked perfect so... when you order a rare steak it's coming out rare! Make sure you're not too full and that you want to share a "Witch Doctor" drink they looked awesome! People were raving about it!
5	This review is for Voodoo Steak, not the night club. The wagyu rib-eye was amazing, cooked perfectly and seasoned to perfection. If you want your steak cooked anything more than medium rare, go to Sizzler as no executive chef is going to kill a $60 steak by cooking it for an hour.
4	I almost gave this place five stars - true story. The steakhouse was great - I got a bone-in ribeye and it was fantastic. Peach martini - well worth trying. Sides (truffle mac n' cheese and ragout of potatoes, asparagus and bacon) - generous, shareable and YUMMY!!! Restaurant service was great as well. Pricey, but as we all say, IT'S LAS VEGAS.The club I thought was ah-maze-ing too. Drinks were priced all right and there was a really big mix of different kinds/ages of people and a really good variety of music. Awesome indoor/outdoor seating and as everyone says, the views are spectacular.The only reason I'm taking it down a star is because they closed the first level of the club for (what appeared to be like) no reason. Maybe there was something going on I didn't know about but someone came by and asked people on the first floor to head upstairs. No biggie though - it was still a ton of fun!
4	It's a Thursday, 20 of my British male friends are in town for a wedding. We arrange in advance to go to Voodoo, it's a dead cert to impress out-of-towners with possibly the best view in Vegas. So we had a little scare in the elevator, the 20 of us squeezed in and as the door closed, 2 more couples jumped in. A squash? Oh yes. But when we reach the 51st floor, the door won't open. After what seems like an eternity but was probably 2 or 3 minutes the doors did part and we jumped out making confident male type jokes but I think the majority of us were very relieved.The view? Amazing, a must if you've not been up here, it was the night of the 60 mph winds but all was fine. The crowd seems to be mainly middle aged men but I'm not a regular so I wouldn't like to assume it is always so....Servers are friendly, hot girls dancing, great view, music sounded good even outside..I highly recommend for those not seeking the trendiest coolest club and if you're looking for a good night with friends it's ace.
5	Yes y'all. I damn sprinkled my sparkle here last weekend. And it was a fantassstic time had by all :)
4	Went on a Sunday night. Had a fun time. It was warm outside, but so breezy on the roof top. Loved it. My friend grabbed a beer & we hit the dance floor. We enjoyed the music (DJ was repping Cali "Humpty Dance", "Going Back to Cali", "Function") Was mostly a younger crowd, with a mix of older folks. Everyone seemed to be having a good time & partied with each other.I hope it will be fun again, the next time I go :)
3	Came to feast and thd that we did. Not to crazy about booth by the stairs, but it was early enough that it wan't a nuisance (up and down patrons - other distractions). Service had high and low points, but quality and portions of food were good and plentiful. Drinks were strong, wine list adequate. After dinner, went up to club. Too windy to lounge rooftop. What a shame, great view up there.
4	Fun space, nice and open with different levels of dance floors. I LOVE the view and I like the fact that if the dance floors get too crowded then there's plenty of space to hang out and talk. Drinks were good. Prices were as expected at a night club. We got the Witch Doctor which was a giant drink (good for about 4 people) and had plenty of alcohol and a fun bubbling/smoking affect. It was 30 bucks. Not too bad. Music was good, people watching was better and it was free for local women ($20.00 for men). All in all a good time. I'd go back and I'm not a club person!
3	Worth a visit just for the view.
4	Pretty small compared to other Vegas clubs, but my friend and I still had a really good time. Bartenders are super friendly, and some even stood on the bar to give us free shots. I loved being in the rooftop part, such a great view. Only seating areas are for VIP, which is typical for any club. We went on a Saturday night and even though it wasn't crowded, I learned to appreciate that after visiting several other Vegas cubs. DJ was good, he played different genres including 90's, hip hop and house. We liked it so much we went again our last night there. You have to get the Witch Doctor! It's good for 2 to 3 people, my friend and I each had our own haha. People kept asking us what we had ordered, so we actually got quite a few people to order it as well. Also, if you're in the Total Rewards club you can get a free entrance pass at the front desk.
5	Let me tell you first of all... I HATE NIGHTCLUBS! Absolutely hate them. Pretentious people, high cover charges, blaring techno music, expensive watered down drinks... I'm usually looking at my watch non-stop to see when I can finally escape the madness. Voodoo falls within that category.Well the bachelor in our party wanted to go to at least one of these establishments during our visit to Vegas last weekend. I'm sure glad he chose Voodoo over Pure or someplace else.The Vegas skyline view cannot be beaten there AT ALL (that alone is worth the cover charge itself).They don't play obnoxious constant beat techno here on their speakers, but actually good dance music. For a "nightclub" drink prices surprisingly are not astronomical. The fellow clientele are not annoying douches and Voodoo's staff members (bartenders, bouncers) are ridiculously a cool clan of people. They even let our bachelor dance upon an empty go-go dancer podium for a simple photo op, as the security staff "turned their backs" when we asked permission first... extremely cool!!Yes this place qualifies as a nightclub... but Voodoo's management, staff, design and execution make it impossible for anyone not to love the place.Voodoo, you have a fan in me. Thanks for the fun!PS... as a good tip, tour around the casino floor for a while until you run into a voodoo promoter handing out half off cover charge cards even on weekend nights (score!)
1	Overall: This place is really really nice (the decor, ambiance and outdoor scenery), but I was not happy with the crowd here. I don't know if it's always like that or if we just went on an off night, but how horrible... My friends (in our early & late twenties) went to this club on a Saturday night hoping to try their dry ice fish bowl called the witch doctor. That was the original reason why I picked this place because it looked so cool especially with the nice rooftop view, but when we got inside... the crowd were in their late 40s or 50s.... which was such a turn off. We couldn't find anyone to dance with  and I felt as I walked further into the club, everyone was getting older. I felt bad because I had picked such a horrible place when we could have gone to a newer & cooler club like Marquee :( One of my friend even left the club...Outdoor was AMAZING, there was a beautiful view of Vegas, and there's also an OUTSIDE downstairs dance floor with a pole, which we almost missed out on because you cannot tell that there was a downstairs. Indoor, there are stairs leading downstairs, but I'm not sure if that leads outdoors. I think the indoor downstairs might have been the restaurant. Don't let the pictures fool you...it fooled me. I will not be returning.
4	This nightclub seems a bit small, but worth the time spent. Take the elevator up to the rooftop and are kindly directed to the proper direction. Voodoo has a indoor and outdoor portion along with a bar inside and outside.I like this club because its different and you have a chance to dance your night away to a spectacular view of different color lights and Vegas. Sort of a romantic spot while dancing away. Don't forget to get the witches brew at the main bar! Worth the bucks!
3	Once you get over the roof top, then this becomes a mediocre club with music you can listen to in the comfort of your home. The drinks are $12 which are pretty high. Then people seem to have no manners, they thrown their empty cups on the floor so that when you're dancing, your kicking bottles n stuff all over. $20 to get in is cheap but I would not go back there again. TOOOOOO many other options in VEGAS!
4	$20 or $25 cover for guys on a Friday night.The view is nice of the strip, unlike anything else I've seen in the 10 or so times I have been out to Vegas. Our downfall was definitely ordering the Witches Brew without sharing (I guess there is a reason it comes with 4 straws). Each of these were about $30 but needless to say, you are set for the night if you drink it. Can't say with confidence I would subject myself to the same torture again, this thing isn't tasty at all.There were a couple of dance floor in the place. Can't say I was super fond of the music being played or the crowd, but really, enough alcohol can make any place enjoyable.
1	I haven't been to this club in about two years. I went to Ebay to bid for line pass tickets so I thought, this is gonna be a good night. We got to Rio and there was a man there with free line passes, even better he said u can't get in until 12:00am. So we gambled for a bit then we head to the line which was long as hell. So we go to the VIP line, I just got in line and some girls were saying they r not letting any men in. I just went in and they stopped my bf and told him he needs to go to the back of the other line because this line is for the "list" I tried to slip this ass some cash he was some blackass BIG man, he wasn't tring to hear it mean while I saw lots of money being exchanged. So my bf told me to go ahead. So I did. Then 10 mins later he was in, I was like what happen he said he paid someone else the 20bucks to cut in front of them I said what a way to be innovative. So we had a couple of drinks a couple or dances, the restrooms were packed. They now have the entire outside linned up for VIP u can only see the view from this small corner but back in the day they had one section for VIP it is a waist of space. I do love house music but that is all they played on the inside and out. I needed a variety so we left. By the way it was a Friday night. I won't go back.
5	We came here on a Friday night, after midnight.- VCard granted us VIP admission. 20+ people waiting in line and we get in the club in seconds!- Get a psychic reading b4 you go up! - 51 floors high! Ear popping experience! Clear window elevator- Antiquated. Looks old. almost dusty. haha- 2Djs that night. Both hip-hop. One inside and outside.  - Breathing room. You can actually walk around without having to bump shoulders!- Excellent view! Better than Ghostbar. Not as good as Mix. Is that Ballys? Imperial Palace!? lol. I see it!- Knees not weak. you feel safe at this height. - Thunderstorm weather! fortunately it wasn't raining. Felt like SF, gusty! +Lightning! ZEUS!- Tall FLAG pole. Scary during a storm. -___- - Sit down in booth without having to pay for bottle service!- MUST GO! Grab the witch doctor. Fish bowl drink that will make the night MYSTICAL!- "DANGER, but watch yo-self!" LOL
4	Very cool bar! Rooftop, spectacular views, heat lamps on the patio. Drinks expensive, but tasty. 2 different dj's. One inside, one outside. Never waited in line. Laid back crowd, danced with fly brothas one night and cowboys and girls another. Bartenders give a little flirt. Typical club entry fee for Vegas, so get there early and enjoy the whole night!
1	The Lamb chop tastes like ass, the service stinks, the only thing that saves this place is the filet mignon. Our waiter was kind of a dick. If you get Jacinto, consider yourself warned. Also, this was my first time here. NEVER coming here again.
3	The crowd here is kind of sleazy, even for vegas. Also once a person latches onto you, it's hard to lose them with the way the place is set up. Second time here. We bypassed a crapload of people in line on a Sunday night Labor Day weekend, and walked right to the elevator to the roof. That is the great part of coming with just one other girl to these clubs. I would have been pissed if I had had to wait or pay to get in there. Just saying.I love the view from the rooftop, and that there are two levels. It is much easier to enjoy the place on a breezy summer night, it is unbearable in the colder seasons.  They play some old school hip hop which is always fun. The bartenders are also pretty cool, much more attentive than at the more trendy XS and Marquee. The drinks are almost as expensive though and of course I forgot to use my free drink tickets and almost all the guys in there are either 24 or 48 and super cheap. Hey I'd be cheap too if I were a guy clubbing in vegas. Girls can be vultures.  It was fine, but it wasn't badass and it was really complicated to try to find the exit, of course that was 3 vodka somethings and one witchdoctor later, so that might have been a perception problem ;)
4	Love this place. I'm kind of scared of heights so I almost called it quits when we zoomed up in the glass elevator 51 FRICKING floors. But it was worth it. I normally hate clubs, but the outdoor dancing area was the SPOT. Good music, good mix of people, and not ridiculously watered down/expensive drinks
3	I recommend this place as a must go only because you get great views of the strip take some photos and then leave. Except for the views which are amazing there is nothing else going for it.
4	Went here with a group of people and had a really good time here. The club has three different level with three different kinds of music. My friend was super psyched that there was salsa music. The views are to die for. The drinks were reasonably priced and they had speacial which was nice. There was also top 40 inside and techno on the top of the club. So it was like 3 clubs in 1. Great for pictures and a good time. When we go back we will probably come here. Another plus was that it was not super crowded. The people here seemed to be normal also. I have gone to other clubs where all that happens is weirdo coming up with the "hey baby." Good place to go if you are looking to dance a little and have some clubbin fun.
2	Came here because the group I was with was determined to find a club playing Latin music.  Walked right in behind a huge group as if we were with them.  Got in for free.  That was nice!  The view at this bar is spectacular!  Especially since this was my first time in Las Vegas.  The music was decent.  The age of the crowd was all across the board.  Literally!  It was a little unnerving to glance around the dance floor and see fully grey-haired ladies grooving... but I guess they have to dance too!  Seemed like a good place for guys to go; the ratio of women to men was definitely in their favor.  Would I come back here the next time I'm in Vegas???  Eh, probably not.  But it was a cool experience in the moment.
4	To be fair, I didn't actually drink anything here. Just came outside for the view.But oh, what a view.Open air, 50+ stories up, looking out over the Strip. There are times when being a few blocks off the Strip is a bonus, and this is one of them.The view from here is ridonkulous.
3	Voodoo vs Boodoo?  Plenty of both.The Voodoo -- how you disappointed me!  True, the best part was the amazing 270 degree view on the 51st floor (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/voodoo-rooftop-nightclub-las-vegas-2?select=8KOKKHh-ITOkOUNyTPpuiw#JneCro3pSd90aCsxYVqmDw), but it's also windy and cold.  Second best thing, great music from Lady Gaga to Eddy Grant (still love "Electric Avenue").  Third, no cover.The Boodoo -- people are able to smoke inside; ratio of guys to gals 5:1; $17 for a red bull and Skyy Vodka -- that's just sad.  On a Thursday night at 930pm - it was ages 50+ and I was the spring chicken in the room (cougar alert), seriously, WTH!  At 1030pm, the gogo dancers began...and 25 (or so) gents stood around and finally had something to drool over (okay, 24 + 1 you might know).  I was dressed up a bit, but clearly, the posted dress code was not enforced...guys, especially were very casual. After giving the place a try for 90+ minutes, I don't plan to ever return.  It's a 2-star, but a bonus for the view, the music, the cool bartenders doing tricks like Tom Cruise in Cocktail, and the quite delicious gogo dancers.
4	This place is fun.  Went up just to hang on the rooftop for a couple drinks and came back every night.  Awesome views, great crowd and excellent service.  This bar is the only good thing about The Rio.
3	Food good, view spectacular, decor nice, but our server, 20023 Jacinto (from my credit card reciept) needs help. Couldn't understand him much, was scarce (maybe slammed), just kept trying to sell us sides, desert and things and didn't care about us at all. Barged in our biz conversation repeatedly. At those medium--high prices, I expect more NYC like quality waiters. I hope this is read by Voodoo mngmnt and that you talk with this gent.
4	It is not exactly the hottest place in Vegas but it has good music and the drink called the witch doctor is amazing. It has an incredible view of Vegas as it is on the 51st floor of the Rio.
3	The DJ here was a friend of a friend so I got in for free. I guess it didn't really matter to them that much that night since it was a slow Friday with lots of rain. Who wants to go to a rooftop club in the rain? Well we went since it had cost us $0 and it was cool taking the quick elevator ride up. We checked out the view for a little bit and took some pictures in the rain. It obviously would've been a lot more fun if it weren't raining. We didn't even get any drinks. We hung around for about 20 minutes then headed back to Senor Frogs to hang out with a friend who was DJ'ing. Maybe another day. But maybe not since Rio is not on the strip.
5	Inside the Club was ok. The outside nightclub on the roof was awesome! Cool old school music and the view was amazing. Even though it was 29f outside, it was very nice they had heaters which worked pretty good. I don't think anyone was too cold because they were drunk. We had a great time.
4	An amazing view! But didn't actually come here for drinks or the club.
4	This place never fails to deliver. While the food is a 4 the view is a 5+.  I have yet to have had a bad meal here and recommend the truffle Mac as a must have side.
1	What a dump, I had dinner at the steakhouse after that I was told I couldn't go to the club because I was wearing a velour track suit?  Over priced drinks and they let hookers in.
5	Great music, great view, diverse crowd, excellent flair bartenders!  What more do you want?  By today's standards it is an absolute bargain!
4	Great time on a wonderful Sat night. The rooftop was packed. Good music, strong drinks. Bartender and bouncer were my buds and looked out for me. So awesome!
5	My girlfriend and I planned our trip to Vegas down to the minute.  We left nothing to chance and did extensive research.  It was her first trip to Vegas (I had been before) and besides, she's a planner.  So when looking into nightclubs, we wanted to find 2, one for Friday and one for Saturday, that we HAD to see, and then one or two more to go to after if it turned out the first wasn't all it was cracked up to be or if we just wanted to check out something else.Friday night was XS and we were disappointed.  We left after 90 minutes or so and headed to The Act, which we loved.  Our second night was going to be an "off-strip" night.  Firstly, we wanted to check our as many rooftop lounges and clubs for comparison, and between Rio and Palms, there's like 3 or 4.  And in our research, Voodoo looked like the best, so our first club Sat was Voodoo, and our backup was Ghostbar in Palms.  We never left Voodoo.Firstly, you have to start with the view.  Voodoo has 2 outdoor levels, and both have fantastic views.  We were there in mid April, so the weather was perfect.  The inside of the club was nice - maybe not the fanciest or coolest place, but it was upscale.  Dance floor was a bit small.  Regardless, there was no one inside - why would you be for a place like this.  When you could dance to great music and those views, it makes for a great night.Second, music.  This is the type of music I want to hear.  Top 40, hip hop, dance.  Not house.  Mix some house in if you must to show off your DJ skills, but stick to what people like to listen to.  Admittedly, this was an older crowd and I think we (I'm 35) prefer top 40 over house music.  But you can dance to it, sing to it, and just have fun.  The only strange thing with the music was that the DJ for the lower outdoor level was playing the same songs as the upper level DJ, just maybe an hour or so behind.  I'm not sure if that was intentionally, but my girlfriend and I were on the upper level for a couple of hours, but then had an issue with another patron, so we decided to walk down the outdoor stairs to the lower level (it's only one floor down - still practically rooftop).  We got down there, and heard maybe half a dozen or so songs that we had heard upstairs earlier in the evening.  So that was strange.Our only problem was old people who can't handle their liquor.  There was some woman there, having fun, and dancing like there was no one around her.  Head and arms flailing all over the place.  Voodoo didn't get nearly as crowded as the other clubs - there was a crowd, but there was room to dance and move around - but regardless, club goers, you have to be aware of your surroundings.  Show a little restraint in your spasms.  This drunk 40 some year old was throwing her arms around and knocked my girlfriends drink, hard, right out of her hands.  The drink hit the ground and splashed on at least 2-3 other people.  So while we're apologizing profusely to everyone else, this woman went on like nothing happened.  Thankfully, everyone around us understood and we didn't have a problem, but this idiot didn't even acknowledge what she did, much less replace my girlfriends drink.  So it put a damper on the night, but we still had fun.Therefore, if you're okay with a 30-40 year old crowd that forgot how to party, then you should absolutely go to Voodoo.  Besides XS and Act, my only other club experiences in Vegas were Rain at Palms, which is now closed, and Studio 54 at MGM, also closed, so I don't have many places to compare it to, but I think this has got to be one of the best.
2	View is awesome. Music ok. Dancing next to g-ma and gramps? Not so sexy. Came before and it was decent then. Came back a second time with the wifee and had to defend why I recommended the place. On top of that had to pay a $20 cover for her and  $30 for me. Thx Voodoo Lounge for messing up my street cred.
1	NO. NO. NO. NO.Went there about a month ago to celebrate a friend's birthday. She didn't want to go on the main strip, because it would be crowded for her. I had read reviews on this place, and got excited. It sounded fun enough, without being too sleezy crazy.We went on a Saturday, and on their website, it says that they open at nine.We got there, and their sign said that they opened at 10. The bouncer assured me that they opened at nine.... We boarded the elevator at 915.The elevator ride was...awesome. The elevation of this club is amazing, so sad that is being wasted by this place. They don't even have a full bar up there..... I asked for a mojito, and the bartender...very rudely told me that he couldn't make me one....So, I ordered a very disgusting, and very expensive margarita..The crowd.... is older.... I mean, grandparents older. We got there, and there were maybe ten other people out on the balcony.... smoking. There was NO DJ. They were playing some repetitive beat that was terrible.We stayed for about an hour, hoping things would turn around, but they didn't.No luck here.
4	Voodoo sky deck nightclub was nice. Promoter in Chippendale's area gave me a ladies free pass to get in plus one free drink, but would not hook my fiance up, "ladies only". My fiance paid $30 to get in on a Saturday night. Drinks were expensive. There is an indoor space & 2 outdoor spaces. Both outdoor spaces were nice with awesome views of the Strip. I think this club is waaaay better than Playboy & Moon, both  at the Palms.
3	Not an Asian Buffet so what am I doing here.  Having a pretty good steak, expensive but good.  Waiter, I believe his name was Chris was awesome and chatty.  I actually watched him interact all night with other customers and he was very knowledgable.Had the foigras  as an appetizer,  Nice!!!!
4	The ambiance of this nightclub is quite unique. I mean, rooftop party, in vegas? Seems normal... but VooDoo takes it just a slight step further...The music is surprisingly good and the drinks are top of the line. Some of which are served in glasses that require two-hands, and an IG photo for extra awesome-ness. (Dry ice drinks?! SAY WHAT?!) The prices aren't bad, and the space isn't as limited as I had heard it could be. In fact, it's actually a pleasant backdrop for a not-so-crazy, yet still amazingly fun Vegas experience. The staff is well trained in off-the-wall drinks and of course the traditional poisons... but even their flair is actually quite entertaining. CLEANLINESS: Average. It's dark, and you cold only see so much...but it seemed fine overall.DRINKS: Unique and traditional drinks served, and prices aren't extreme.SERVICE: Give and take. Sometimes good, sometimes not so good... and the average wait time for a drink wasn't unbearable either. LOCATION: A prime off-the-strip location, @ the RIO. I have VIP passes for the next time I visit, allowing me to avoid lines and access certain areas of the club that others cannot.. but even if I didn't have all that, I'd still go back.
4	Rooftop party with Vegas' city view!It was a Sunday night when my group and I went.  There was hardly anyone there, but it was a good thing!  We kind of got the whole enjoyable view all to ourselves!It was a nice, warm weather outing to relax at while pleasantly enjoying the city view and listening to 70s/80s/mainstream background music!
4	What is the best part about bottle service in Vegas? You get to party ALL NIGHT LONG! In Hollywood you are booted from your table at 1:59, but not in Sin City...Love the view, love the bottle service price, love the music. But it should have been called the "bottle un-serviced" area as I don't think anyone ever checked on us without my asking. Boo!!Our group of 14 women arrived at 11 p.m. with free entry bracelets (and 1 free cocktail) I'd gotten through freevegasclubpasses.com Once we were in I asked to negotiate a table. Bottles started at $250 (half of some other clubs on the strip). And they gave us buy 2 get 1 free. I will say the bottles were smaller than some nightclubs give you. But we had a huge space for 14 women after tax total $700. I'll take it!What to skip: The cool witch doctor drink. It's a great photo opp but for $30 you had better like drinking straight malibu, rum and sweet juice.What I liked: Security was so much better than Tao, we had a huge roped off area in Bottle Service where NOBODY could enter without our permission.The scene: A big age range. I wouldn't call the crowd particularly classy, but very mixed.
5	Gorgeous view of the city that can't be beat. Awesome atmosphere and vibe. Staff is super personable and friendly. Will definitely be going back every trip I make back to Vegas!
4	Wow amazing Rooftop open air view....great for pictures. .. However Bouncer rude. .. drinks weak. .. Music Bleh.
5	My favorite place in Vegas when my wife and go.
4	This nightclub is really cool. There is a view of the whole strip. It looks so awesome at night time. The bar mixes drinks at an affordable price. Getting in is usually easy and is free or cost $20. There are tons of people on the weekends. Great place to take friends.
1	The only thing that this club has is the view. Other then that, crap-o-la!!! First off, its so small. Yes you have the outside which has more room, but guess what, in nevada its windy, most people dont know that. So when youre on the 51st floor and theres wind, youre not going to be outside. Then you go inside. There wasnt even a Dj playing when we first got there. Straight up ipod style, which is fine. But the music that was playing, was bad trance music that you hear as ring tones on phones from the early flip phones. I know drinks are expensive in Vegas on the strip and at casinos, but $59 for 4 drinks. And one of those drinks is a beer. The best part about being at this club was my mom telling me how lame the place was. All I know is, there are plenty of cooler clubs to hit up in vegas.  You can keeep voodoo on the back burner..
4	I was on a guestlist courtesy of my fellow Yelpers who steered me to http://www.freevegasclubpasses.com/. Voodoo lounge was what they suggested for the first night in Vegas, so I taxied my way over from the strip (like $10 from the Palazzo).You check in Masquerade Village/Tower second floor and then take an elevator to the 51st floor. There is a small indoor lounge as well as a rooftop lounge. If you can brave the gusty outside (you are on the roof after all!), the view of the strip is simply spectacular. I also got a free drink with my guestlist entry (little did I know, it started at 11 and I got there at 10.30, but the bartender was awesome and talked to his manager for me!)I lucked out because the night I went they had live music (a cover band), but they had a DJ outside. I didn't dance, but it was fun to people watch. I'd probably come back again, this time to try a Witch Doctor!
1	Great view, but you can get that elsewhere in town. The service was good, so I give one star for that. The entire experience as a whole was not so good. The drinks were not a good pour and the food was subpar. It didn't sit well with me afterwards either.
5	This was my first time at Voodoo and had a blast! The best views I have ever seen. The lead singer of the band playing was tuning through the crowd dancing on tables. It was soooo fun to watch. I will be back next time I am in Vegas!
2	If you wear pleated, khaki Dockers, an off-brand Polo shirt and cheap shoes you'll fit in with the "guys who are in sales" crew that rocks out at the VooDoo.
1	We didn't need Chris Hornak's list because there was absolutely no line on a Friday evening.  There were a lot of empty tables, and I didn't feel suffocated as we definitely had room to breath and move.  We had vouchers for free admission as well, and I'm glad we didn't pay the $30 cover charge for gents.  Other than a great view of the Strip, there wasn't much going for it.We saw someone bring their grandmother into the club, and that was our cue to leave.  From the bottom to the top, back to the bottom in about twenty minutes total.
4	View is amazing. I think this is the second best view from a club. With Palms being the first. Good for older people also. Not as packed here. Must see at least once. My wife an I had a good time here. We were put on the guest list by some one on the casino floor, so we got in free.
3	I got to checkout the Voodoo Rooftop Nightclub on the Sunday of my last night of my most recent trip to Vegas.  It was my first time here, and it was a very interesting experience.  The first thing that comes to mind when I think of Voodoo is the view.  It was awesome!  I felt like I could see almost all of Vegas.  Besides the view, what made the experience most interesting was that they were having a celebration for the 238th birthday of the Marines.  At least 90% of the people at Voodoo that night where either Marines in uniform, or the significant others of those Marines.  It seemed like an awesome party for them, but since my friend and I were not Marines, we were two of the few civilians that where just here to have a good time.  Although the Marines seemed like they were having a great time, it felt like we had crashed a private party.  It just wasn't a fun time for me at all.  Voodoo is an okay place with a great view. Hopefully it will be more fun if I ever visit again.  If not for the Marines, this place would have been empty. They had great energy, but I just felt like an uninvited guest.  I hope to come back on another night where it is more packed and feels less like a private party.
4	Fun club, really good drinks,, especially the Witch Doctor drink!!! Great view of Vegas!
5	Great club! Free admission if you go to the Chipendales show beforehand, and ladies get one free drink.  The Witch Doctor drink is also amazine, as are the gorgeous views from the 51st floor.  Music is great as is the crowd!  Great experience!
4	The view was magnificent. Best view in town probably. Front row seat to all the firework action. Spent New Years Eve here. Drinks were expensive, place was jam packed. But it was all worth it. Good fun with a great view. I'd do it again next year.
4	This place has got to have one of the best views of the strip- super romantic! Drinks were nice and strong but over priced (to be expected in Vegas)... I get that all of the hype is about the view, but the inside of the club is not too impressive. Still definitely worth checking out though. On a side note, if you're terrified of heights (like me) beware! You have to take a glass elevator to the 52nd floor, which is terrifying.
3	This is the poor man's rooftop club in Vegas.  It is $10 for ladies and $20 for guys for entry to one fantastic view of the city.  We went on a Wednesday night and it was sort of dead.  A first the music the DJ was playing was a fun mix of new stuff and old school dance.  As the night progressed, the music got more and more bad 90's ghetto.  The cliental was a mix bag of everyday, average folks who can't quite step up their game and hang at one of the more popular clubs on the strip.  The most entertaining part of the evening was an extremely intoxicated girl dry (more like moist) humping/dancing with some Indian tourist guy who was very happy with his luck!  It got to the point of perversion where her short dress kept slipping up and she no longer cared.  If someone's ass or vag is exposed for more than a few seconds, security should have stepped in and fixed this issue.  This place seems to have a layer of grimy film on it but man, those views are great!
1	This place sucked. They charged for water. Didn't want to give free tap water! The bartenders were rude. There were hardly any "bottle service" areas purchased. Very disappointed. Will not return.
1	Be ready for the bait and switch. They'll tell you one price for bottle service, you'll work out all the details, you'll check and double check what was promised, then they'll charge you more at the end of the night. I get it. People from out of town, then you claim the girl you booked it from downstairs has gone home. Stay away, go to the Ghost Bar at The Palms.
4	I came here on a Monday night with the boyfriend and it was so much fun. This is a good place to be if you like to shake your tail feather to some hip hop/r&b music. It wasn't super packed but after one two three drinks, that didn't really matter to me. The bartender said the place gets packed Friday and Saturday nights so I'll definitely want to come back again in the future. Oh yeah fresh air, nice breeze, and great view of Vegas!
4	If you are like me then you dislike this generation of warehouse style mega clubs of hot and sweaty arrogant douches then this is a refreshing change!! I went here with a front of the line pass which was great because there was a really long line to get in. The music that night was cool, the view is awesome, the stripper poles were used by a lot of women and the different levels was nice. I guess its normal now but a few years ago was my first time experiencing no sitting unless buying over priced bottles of alcohol....actually my only complaint was the over priced drinks.3 drinks was about $50.
4	This place is out of this world. I've had the pleasure of going there every time I go to Vegas. The club is on the roof top overlooking the Vegas strip and lights. On weekends sometimes they have girls dancing on these small dance floor stages overhanging the roof. DJ or in the inside part of the club and DJ and bar on the outside rooftop. Roped off section on the roof for reserved parties with nice cushion sofa's and private waiter service. Little expensive for some but must check out once when in Vegas. It's located on the top of the Rio Casino Hotel off the strip.Must try there smoking Voodoo drink with dry ice to create the smoke.On some nights they have Latin salsa nights.Don't leave Vegas without checking this place out.
2	This nightclub has a great view, but that is all. If you're a guy, expect to pay $30 just to take the elevator trip to the top. And I thought gender-based pricing was illegal in America. I didn't have to pay, as it was a free-night and staying at the hotel, and thank God for that. I went around midnight, and many were already wasted on $20 drinks. The dancing was lame, at best. it was exceedingly crampt outside with drunk zombies walking or dancing around. Too many old guys lurking in the corners.Not my type crowd at all. Was gone in under 20mins. Was a horrible waste of time.
4	Just for the location alone. I went...twice I think. It was after the club because we wanted to go somewhere not as crowded and we're like.. hell, why not? Let's check it out. NO ONE WAS THERE, which was....AWESOME!  The music was still playing so we rocked out by ourselves. The view was amazing and beautiful.  We went up so late that entering was free. I would NEVERRRRRR EVERRRRR pay 30 bucks to go in there for SURE. Its a tiny dance floor and a tiny place in general but if you want to go to a place where it's smaller and more intimate and you can get some fresh air OUTSIDE, definitely go.
4	We had a really good time for my birthday. If you go there with a group get a private table. It is worth the money. AMAZING TIME that is all the rest stays in Vegas.
5	Spectacular view of mediocre scene of Vegas, exceptional host n server w delectable fillet n asparagus.
5	Voodo rooftop lounge is amazing. A big ultralounge with a spectacular view over the whole strip. The lounge got some VIP seatings in front of the dancefloor, which have place for about 300 people. We really had the best party of our trip here. The fantastic mood of the crowd, the view and hot tunes from the dj made this night unforgetable. Try the legendary witch doctor drink...tasty and thrilling. Don't miss this place - it' a blast. Even if you are not into party try to get here for overview the strip. We definatly come back to thos place. Very friendly staff as well! Prices are ok, a bit higher then in other places.
4	Went here after the chippendales show.  Which we got in for free cause we went to the chippendales show (scoreee!!!)  Just the elevator ride up was amazing!!! 51 floors!!!It was a Saturday but wasnt as packed as i thought it was going to be.  Got a drink right away and was able to find a dancing/standing spot right against the outside wall and literally just took in all the breath taking views of Vegas.  I have lived in Vegas 8 months now and never seen it from that type of angle! Wow absolutely breathtaking.  It was perfect weather with a soft breeze.  Words cant express how amazing it was.  The music was good a nice mix of today and even some 90's thrown in.  The people were not really my thing, lot of overly drunk grouping and grinding, but you never know how any club your going to go is.  We got one free drink with our chippendale ticket stubs (double score!!!!!!!) All in all I had a blast at VooDoo lounge.  I will never forget that amazing view while dancing my butt off and the fresh air blowing my hair all around.  Will for sure go back !!!!!!!!!!Oh, while thier drinks were super expensive, the actually put a lot of alcohol in them so was worth it.
4	This nightclub is a lot of fun when it's busy. There is a lot of energy and the view is absolutely spectacular. There's nothing like dancing under the stars on the 51st floor of a hotel in Las Vegas!Seriously it doesn't get better than that! I had a lot of fun here. I will be back.
4	Best view in Vegas hands down! Love the location and the cozy environment. A little updating needed but overall great hang out plane for small parties or to just have a cocktail with a view. Definitely recommend checking it out of you are in town.
4	I had to take one star off for the awful hostess who greeted our party. Yes, we were late for our reservation. We apologized. But there was NO reason for her to be rude and hostile with us. She told us she gave our table away and if we wanted to dine with them it would be a 30 minute wait and their entire dining experience lasts 1.5-2 hours. Bullshit! We were seated within 5-10 minutes, there were plenty of tables in the restaurant and our waiter made sure we were out of the restaurant in time to make our show. The food was delicious. Portions were generous and I highly recommend ordering a few appetizers and entrees and sharing. Sea bass melts in your mouth. Short ribs are soft and yummy. Drinks are STRONG! View - gorgeous.
4	My bachelorette party came here directly after a Chippendale's show (around 10 pm) and while it took some time for the crowd to come in, we had a blast! The views on the roof are spectacular, they have a nice area for dancing, a good DJ and reasonably priced drinks (for Vegas). Be careful if it is windy! Also, it never got too crowded, we could still move around and mingle and hear people, which was a nice change for Vegas. Come here if you can!-Fantastic Views-Reasonable drinks-Good crowd-Top 40 music
2	Super nice view, pretty decent music but it smells like seafood from the restaurant and the close off almost all booths for bottle service leaving no where to sit.
3	Music was great. The night that I was there I felt like everyone was mid-40's and up. Wasn't really the type of crowd that I was expecting. Bartenders were nice and the view is amazing.
3	Overall it is pretty good club... just one thing at the end when it was time to pay..if your are drunk they will get you..for some extra charges... they kept saying our card had been declined after sliding multiple times,  just to find out it worked and our card had been charged all does times.. so for everyone pay cash or don't try and slide your card more than once.
3	Came here at about midnight last night. Entry was free since I was staying at the hotel. Guy at the door isn't very friendly, but hardly any doormen in Vegas are so this came as no surprise. Got upstairs, music was ok... Typical dance pop/edm. DJ wasn't that great. Drinks are reasonably priced. View is definitely amazing!! Dance floor is small, but wasn't packed. No seating available outside. Crowd was about 35-50 years old. Great energy and looked like they were having a great time.If you're in your 20's this might not be a very exciting scene for you. Specially if you're used to clubs like Marquee and XS. In comparison to that this club is very lack luster and not very fun. But at least they got that great view...
5	The VooDoo Rooftop Nightclub was the highlight of my Vegas trip. This is by far the coolest nightclub I have ever been to.You enter the VooDoo through the Rio casino, after passing the bouncer you take an elevator up to the 50 something floor. (Entrance was free on a Monday night) From here you can access the inside bar or go outside- and I suggest you go outside. The rooftop view is AMAZING! There are a few sectioned off couches for VIP bottle service, and plenty of room to dance to the DJ. The outside never got super crowded, which made it a great place to socialize. Smoking is allowed on the rooftop. Make sure you order the VooDoo cocktail, there are at least 8 different types of alcohol in it- but you can't taste any of them. Delicious. After 9 PM men are not allowed to wear shorts into the nightclub. No trip to Vegas should be complete without a stop at the VooDoo Rooftop Nightclub.
2	We went on a thursday night it was Free before 10pm. I expected it to be much bigger for some reason. The place has so much more potential. Amazing view. I love the atmosphere. Drinks were expensive of course but big surprise your in vegas there gona be expensive anywhere. The crowd was more older people then young. I didnt like the music it would play a good dance song and then switch over to like old school. It was weird we ended up leavin like an hr into it bcuz there wasnt many people and as i said before the crowd was a bit older. Hopefully ypur experience is better then ours :)
4	I wanted to give this nightclub 5 stars - because we had a fabulous time there. Unfortunately, making reservations seemed like a never ending game of phone tag at first... until we got in touch with Kyra. She was professional and quick at responding to emails and calls. If you plan on getting a table like we did make sure you get in touch with her at  kpalmer@lvrio.harrahs.com. Sadly, we also had a discrepancy between our receipt and what was actually billed and she cleared it up fast AND followed up to make sure all was well with the updated fees.Back to our time while at the VOODOO! We had a great time at this nightclub. We reserved an inside table on Friday 4th of July. We were given a table near the exit to the rooftop. It was perfect since we wanted to have AC while still being close to the outdoor dance floor and AMAZING view. There is nothing like the view and we were pleased with the service over all. The club was spacious and we didn't have to dance inches away from other sweaty people like at other clubs. The music was great and there were various age groups there. There is a restaurant which (I think) closes at 9pm. This was definitely the best part of our trip and we plan on making it a regular stop whenever we are in Las Vegas.
2	View was amazing!  I can say I was there, but for going back, no way!
3	The views, drinks and music are awesome. $10 cover charge on a Monday night!? No thanks, we walked away.
2	I have to say the view is amazing! But the music(?) terrible I've been to plenty of clubs and they at least vary the music, the Voodoo Lounge DJ played about a minute and a half of a song(?) and would fade into another and the volume is set at... well like music at 11 but this place it's at about 32. Small drinks, bartenders that really don't seem interested in serving you which isn't surprising I guess for Vegas but not worth a $20 elevator ride.
5	We arrived to Voodoo on a Friday night expecting long lines and a high entry price. To our surprise the line wasn't bad and entry was only $10. This place has an amazing view and of course the famous Witch Doctor Drink. Drinks are pricey but what do you expect? This is not your local bar that has $2 drink specials. IT"S VEGAS! Bartender was friendly. I am assuming the outside seating is reserved for bottle service but a friend of mine asked if we can sit and they actually allowed us to sit, it was towards the end of the night.
5	: The only nightclub in Vegas that never failed me to have fun each time I go. I love this Place. Not too pricy. Drinks are absolutely made really good by your favorite bar tenders. ;). It's always fun, you'll have the greatest time of your life. This place may not seem to be very interesting when you search for clubs in Vegas, but wait till you get your right foot in. You'll be amazed and most definitely will be extremely satisfied once you tried. The only nightclub in Vegas that plays hiphop, old school hiphop, rap new and old, all the best dance music mixes mostly everyone enjoys. I recommend Voodoo Rooftop Lounge Nightclub 100%. You'll never regret you were here last night...:) ;)
5	to sum things upmusic is okdrinks are oklocation is badasszipline is coolcrowds were a bit on the 40...45's...maybe 50s.... but shocking better than the young disrespectful drunks in the other clubs
1	OMG, what brain dead, Kardashian follower, thinks that this place is a good idea?We went there on at Saturday night (9/6) and thankfully we were admitted because we had ticket stubs to a show at the Rio.If you pay the $20- $30 charge to get into the Voodoo Club, then you truly are the idiot of the night.I would not have paid cover to get in here, but we decided to check it out.All premium spaces in club, including the best views of the strip and any tables, were roped off. I guess you need to pay another $20 or $30 to get a good seat/view.i ordered a mixed drink and a beer from the bar and he charged me $24! What a colossal rip. And everyone there was sloppy, nasty, drunk out of their mind.No one you would want to meet, unless you want them to throw up on you.
2	Let me start by saying I prefer lounges to dance clubs. It was a very nice view for sure but too loud for me! We were asked to leave b/c one person in our group was wearing flip-flops. It was ok, I wasn't that upset we had to leave.
2	Come for the view and then leave to go dancing somewhere else. We visited on a Saturday night. Walking through the Casino we were handed two discount coupons for the club. We arrived about 9:30 and weren't charged the cover which was nice. We went upstairs and as I expected that early it was relatively empty. It was filled up more by the time we left around 11:30. There is NO seating. Every booth inside and outside was reserved for bottle service. There was a couple of benches and stools by the stairway from the steakhouse and one booth right at the front that were not reserved. Outside on the deck, which is supposed the dance floor, they've put more booths for bottle service that take up half the deck. So when everyone crowds out there to see the view there is essentially no where to dance. When we left at 11:30 not one of the bottle service tables had anyone sitting at it. Go check out the view but don't plan on much else. Expect to stand. The crowd is definitely mixed age. I saw mid 20's up to early 50's. Also, the dress code is a joke. Don't bother. I saw people in jeans, t-shirt and tennis shoes and even one guy in shorts.
5	It was a Sunday night that we went so it wasn't TOO crazy but we got free cover and women got free drinks until midnight. Some waitress in the downstairs casino liked us and hooked us up. There were two bartenders that made my night, Kyrick and a bald fellow that I can't remember his name at the moment. They were really funny, had great presence and were very nice to us considering how drunk we were! Definitely had a great time spending my 21st birthday there!Also, the view was freaking AMAZING! Well worth it. The DJ was decent too!
4	With 4 guys from the 808, we took over the voo doo roof top lounge/club.  We had a lot of fun. We were stacking shots of patron and jameson one on top of the other. The bartenders were all super friendly and didn't mind our random outbursts of laughter. We ever got into friendly debates with one another over NFL teams and what not. It was like talking to friends at a bar, one where you might become a regular. The AMF's were flowing like mad and there wasn't a soul not willing to slurp it all up. We were having too much fun. I was mesmerized by all the flair that one of the bar tenders had. He was pretty awesome. I have NO clue what he was making but that didn't matter. It was fun to watch. This spot is on the 51st floor of the hotel. So, I hope you aren't afraid of heights. I liked that there wasn't that tacky acrylic tile on the floor for you to see through, to the street. I loved the view. You could see all of the strip from up there. Awesome. Beautiful!!!! The night was perfect. It wasn't windy and there was a good crowd forming up there. Everyone was having a good time and you didn't have to do bottle service to enjoy huge goblets of drinks, that were actually pretty reasonably priced. 7 drinks at about $80 wasn't bad. I was actually pretty shocked. I'd suggest coming here if you're looking for a real cool, laid back time. The music was right, 90's and 00's hip hop and only a touch of edm. Perfect!! Come up and check it out!!
3	The view is AMAZING! Worth it if only to snap a selfie overlooking the whole strip. Wasn't a fan of the music...average...great for the twenties age range...drinks were pricy but the outside seating overlooking the strip made up for everything!
4	Great place of the strip with an AWESOME view!Drinks were great - one really really akward thing was the bartender carded me.  I have no idea why? They card you downstairs before you go up to the club.  This made me feel a little creeped out.But back to the view - it is fantastic!It costs $10 (on thursday) to go up and it is def worth it!The only downfall is, outside, they have VIP tables taking up over 70% of the rooftop patio, leaving like no room to stand on the rail to enjoy the view.  Overall, we had a great experience and we will def be back.
2	Security here is a pain. They're very aggressive, big headed, and conniving. Nothing like having someone mooch off your bottle service. Oh, and don't think that just because you're buying bottles you'll be treated nicer. You won't. No customer service at all. On the other hand....The view is captivating! The inside bar is a sight too. That's about it.
1	View is great, blah blah blah.Here's the deal: The drinks are expensive (and I'm from New York!).  $28 for a double of Jim Beam is a little more than insane and you know, um, highway robbery?But here's what's even worse than insane drink prices:I ordered a round of drinks (like 6 or 7) for those I was with, and I was given a credit card invoice to sign for $109. I wasn't given a bill, just an invoice.  It sounded expensive but not completely out of the question so I wasn't fazed by that. However, before paying I asked if we could add one more drink.  ONE. MORE. DRINK.  The bartender obliged (the double Jim Beam, above) and came back with yet another credit card invoice for me to sign (with the standard line for a tip, obvs).  The invoice was for $160. Seriously? We add one drink and the price goes up $51?! I asked another bartender to see my actual bill, which, several minutes later, was produced by our original bartender. Well, one look and apparently, he'd very generously already given himself a tip, which the credit card invoice didn't show since it was just a total. He apparently expected me not to notice and to tip on top of that. Slick.If you like a side order of rip-off with your rooftop experience, then go to Voodoo. If you don't, well, there are lots of other options where they have slightly more class than to pull a number like that, even if the drinks are expensive.
5	I have had a few fantastic nights here. The view is spectacular and the crowd is diverse, unpretentious and fun.  Both times I was here we were only supposed to stay for an hour or so.  Each time we shut it down.  I've met some amazing people, like the music and will be back
5	Service was awesome, food was awesome, atmosphere was awesome. They were very quick to greet and seat me. My waiter was so funny and polite. I had the chicken which was expensive $34, but it was delicious. I had a great dinner and would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Vegas.
4	Went there again for a late night meal.  Had Chris as a waiter and once again it was a pleasure.  He is very knowledgeable and seems to be a foodie.  Thats a good characteristic to have in a waiter.  I did not have an entree instead I did two appetizers. I started of with the foie gras and it did not disappoint.  Tasty tasty stuff.  I left nothing for Miss Manners.  I used the bread to sop up the left over sauce and oil.Secondly, I had the pork belly.  It was excellent as well,  I suggest mixing in a salad between the two if one is going to go the foie and pork belly route.  It was rich followed by rich and hindsight suggests that I have a salad with some sort of acid between the two.Still in all it was a great meal.
1	My wife and I went last Saturday  night and found a empty club with 80 percent of the booths roped off for bottle service and very few people getting bottle  service. Booth after empty booth. We finally found a place to sit  and chat with so others at the club.  10 minutes later we where kicked out of the booth, they said they needed to close it for bottle service but they still had tones of empty booths open  for bottle service. The management was pushing out the few paying customer for there  hopes and dreams of booking full of bottle service. Thanks for a pushing is out, we won't  be back
2	Drinks expensive. Music not for anyone over 18 (maybe 16). Compared to similar clubs in NY or LA, well below par. Will NOT return.
