2	I was debating on whether if i found it A-OK? or If i am a fan now? I had received coupons in the mail from money mailer and didn't want to go to jimmy's on Warner and Arizona/Holmes? Never feel completely comfortable there.  majority of the time they talk in Vietnamese and make little small talk. Anyways Fantasy nails the prices are amazing right now and i hope to god they don't go up in price otherwise I would not return. They did my nails the way i like it (pink n glittery white acrylics) for 32 with gel and coupon in hand.So the PROS: Decent prices, they talk to you most of the time or at least the guy doing my nails did, oh and Free bottled water!Let me say one thing before i get into the cons, I had left my debit card on accident at Fed ex Kinko's down the street when i went to print out my money mailer coupon and didn't realize til after my nails were finished drying. :( So the guy thought i was lying about losing my card and stuff so i obviously had to leave my purse when i drove super fast to Wells Fargo to get cash and back. I can understand why any business owner would make me leave something as a collateral but don't treat me as though i am a liar if i have checks and don't look like a total bum or cracked out female don't judge me! It's not like i intentionally left my debit card! geezus! my bf took all my credit cards away from me so Cons: They do NOT accept checks, when doing my acrylics after drying and all i noticed little spots on the sides of where the white is that there are little triangle shaped areas that should be filled by white and not the pink so i try not to pay attention to the little divots on my nails. I notice everything when i get my nails done because i used to get them done for 3-5 years straight and notice also that under one of my nails it wasn't checked to make sure it was smooth. Since this one nail isn't smooth from the acrylic building up under my nail i tend to play with it and it wont come off unless i went back in which i sort of don't want too now since i feel embarrassed because of my incident yesterday.**I got a pedi two weekends ago I think and they saved my poor big toes from the pain they were in from wearing certain flats! OH THANK YOU GOD! The fact my nails do not feel like they are in pain i love them so much more now.*JUST A QUICK NOTE: I LOVE this Establishment & the Customer Service! I was NOT trying to bad mouth them what so ever!!! All I was trying to point out was that YOU should double check (unlike myself) your wallets to make sure you have a debit card or credit card on you when you go (if you don't have cash) because they do NOT take checks! I felt really Embarrassed b/c I forgot my debit card at FEDEX printing out a coupon to go try this place out. GEEZE.  So I would appreciate it if I do not get more offended loyal customers getting all hyped up and pointing their fingers at me like this broad below me who only has 1 single review for one solid location. Which does not make sense because when I go to Pittsburgh Willys YELP always takes down the people who don't have enough reviews So why she isnt getting filtered I do not know. But Like I said if you want a great deal and great customer service this is the place to come :)
5	Great men's pedicure! New massage chairs and great tlc on my feet.
5	I have to say this is by far my favorite nail salon! They are the most friendliest people I have dealt with at a nail salon. They always give you a bottle of water while you are waiting or getting your nails done. They also do a VERY good job on your nails, and use new clean sterile nail clippers. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a good place to get your nails done.
5	I love these place, they have really good prices, they go beyond their way to please you, I love their customer service and the water bottle you get when you walk in. Even though they do an amazing job, if you don t like what you get they re do it and make sure you get exactly what you want. I always leave this place happy with the way my nails turn out, and they don t talk about you in vietnamese like in most nail salons, the owners and the employe that they have are very friendly and professional, and I super recommend this place!
5	Another great yelp find! Greated with smiles & bottles of water. I treated me & my daughter with a manicure & pedicure. I didn't feel rushed even though they had people waiting. I felt like I got my money's worth! They did a wonderful job on my little girls nails. Best way to spend sum daddy daughter time if you ask me. And the bill..... Was about $20 less than what I typically have paid. I will definitely recommend this place as well as be back for some routine maintenance
1	So after reading great reviews on yelp I decided to try this place out. I have tried many different nail salons in the valley but never been satisfied. Whenever I get a chance to go visit So Cal I get my nails done there. Otherwise, I just do my own nails at home. Nail tech that worked on me was a male and he manhandled my hands. He was so rough and over did it with his nail file drill even after I told him my nails are very thin so he needed to be extra careful. I even yelped out few times because he was putting too much pressure on my nails. After I got home my finger tips were throbbing so bad I couldn't even zip or button my pants or touch anything. Took ibuprofen for couple days till the pain subsided. Finished work looked sloppy and acrylic is already lifting off my nails. I will never go back to this place.
4	They are so nice and hospitable! Not the fanciest place but they made us feel welcome and had all the services to get you going. Discounted prices on full sets and pedi's, They also have Gel nails for only $22.00. I had Becky and she was so sweet.
5	I just moved to this area and found this nail salon down the street from me. I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! The service is great and the quality of work is awesome. The prices are amazing! Its been two weeks since I've gotten my full set done and there is no lifting! I highly recommend this place.
1	I usually do my own nails (I'm a nail tech) and thought I'd treat myself. I had the guy do my nails. It was the WORST set ever. He nicked me twice, I had to reshape and file them even in front of him, he did not reenforce the nicks and when I got home two broke off. One is cracked , my hair gets caught in them and I'm seriously thinking about demanding my money back. He started to polish and it was so horrible I told him to take it off and I'd do it myself at home. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE.  Yes they offer water, bfd. They SUCK!!  They do NOT deserve even one star but I couldn't move on without adding one. They are minus zero stars.So I went back to show them the disaster they did on my nails and asked for a refund.  They refused.  BIG surprise.  I was going to call the police, but I did one better.  I called State Board.  I have submitted a formal complaint and me, being a nail tech., know they take this stuff seriously.  I am looking forward to getting my refund.  they refused to even call the manager and the nick I got on my cuticle was apparently 'my fault.'  Karma will be visiting them very soon.
