3	"The 1st warning sign should have been the lack of bbq smell when entering in the parking lot. Someone in the group mentioned that they must smoke the ribs at a different location. The servings are huge, but the food was disappointing. I'm used to great flavor without the bbq sauce and meat that falls off the bone. Here, if you didn't have sauce, you did't have flavor. I think they boil their ribs then grill them. The corn on the cobb was waaayy over cooked and water spewed down my arm after every bite. I've had better!"
4	Yumm-o!  I love this place!  We eat here a lot.  I always get the ribs... and mix it up between the potato salad and the cole slaw.  The only thing I don't really like is sometimes they put too much pepper or something in their potato salad and cole slaw.  I'm not sure what that flavor is, but when there is too much, it ruins it for me. But since I don't go there for potato salad and cole slaw, I'm pretty happy with the place, plus it's within walking distance from my apt.
3	This seems to be a more "authentic" location than some of the Honey Bear's I've been to, but it did not add much to the experience. The aisle that feeds you to the counter is winding, obtrusive and unnecessary. I ordered the large BBQ Beef sandwich, potato salad and a large RC cola to go. After a bit, the guy working the counter called my number and handed me a tray. I politely asked him to make it to go, and got a bit of attitude. Once I got back to the pad, the food was soggy and hard to eat, but that was kinda a good thing. It was actually refreshing to have an RC, it seems like you have to go with either Pepsi or Coke all the time. I would go back. There is something about the sauce that will bring me back in eventually. Not the kind of place I think I'd frequent, but good in a pinch.
3	You want a big wad of sticky drippy animal on a bun? Well, you're in the right place. it sounds like the other location has more selection of sides. Why not here? This place is lacking. Bring me the home fries!! The sauce was too watery for me, but flavorful. I just wish it stuck to the meat better and didn't get soaked up by the bun. The potato salad was yummy (rather peppery), but I've had better.
4	This is by far the best BBQ place in Phoenix IMO.  The only problem that I always ran into is what to get.  All the meats are smoked to perfection and the link are spiced just the way i like it.The BBQ sauce is so good that I keep a gallon of this wonder in my fridge at all times.Oh, and they also have Alcohol!!
2	Meh.  That's about as much enthusiasm as I can muster for this place...
4	I like the sauce here a little better than BBQ Company.  This is a little more vinegar while BBQ Co is sweeter.  The pulled pork sandwich at lunch is one of my favorites.
5	I can't remember how long it has been since I started going to Honey Bear's BBQ.  It has to be at least fifteen years.  I love this place.  I was there today for lunch and had the shredded chicken and a couple of hotlinks.  Delicious!!  Also had some coleslaw too.  I think I've had just about everything on the menu and it is all GREAT!  The service is good and the staff is always friendly.If I have one complaint, it is that I am sticky and smell of BBQ sauce the rest of the day.... it could be worse.Any place that's slogan is " You don't need no teeth to eat our meat"  has my vote.  The truth of the matter is, the slogan is right.
1	They advertise "you don't need no teeth to eat our meat." Well, yes you do! I bought a full rack of baby backs and couldn't wait to get home with them. They were VERY tough... and had very little meat on them.
3	I don't really know why but i expected to not quite enjoy Honey Bear's BBQ. Most of that is because when i think of BBQ anything i don't think of buying it more someone outside cooking it for me. Yet when i went in I can say I enjoyed. I ate the shredded chicken sandwich and was super happy with it. Though not a go to place if i get the craving I will pop back in again.
2	I this is your idea of good BBQ, you obviously don't know anything about what good BBQ should taste like.  I saw one review that suggested you eat the meat with the sides - looking for flavor I guess.  Lame attempt at sauce, ho hum buns.  I think the only reason they've lasted is that this town doesn't seem to have much competition in the BBQ department.
3	Above average BBQ at a resonable price.  Large portions.
4	Honey Bears is an experience.  I don't want to see how clean their kitchen is(n't), use the restroom or walk to my car in the dark alone, but I CAN'T GET ENOUGH!!!  It is the best BBQ around hands down!  I LOVE the pulled pork sandwich and would eat anything drenched in their bbq sauce.  Its sweet and spicy with the perfect touch of vinegar-i-ness.  You definitely need quite a few of the paper napkins to clean up with afterwards.  Actually, just take a shower.  Their beans, coleslaw and peach cobbler are delicious too.  They also cater.  Its a dive, but TOTALLY worth the trip!
4	"You don't need no teeth to eat our meat!" the slogan for Honey Bear's Bar-B-Q proudly proclaims and they are telling you the truth! Wonderfully tender and tasty pork, chicken and brisket that fall apart as you eat them in to an amborisa of meat and spicy sauce!Honey Bear's has been a valley gem for decades, their original location a run building in Phoenix near Papago Park that you would never expect would house some of the finest barbecue this side of the Mississippi river. But the aroma would draw you in anyway.That's how I first found them 20 some years ago, by smell while bicycling near Papago Park the wind brought the smells of the promise of smoked pork at it's finest. I was not disappointed then and never have been since.Home of the hottest Hot Links around, Cowbro beans, Fried Catfish, Beef Brisket, Pulled Pork and Sweet Potato Pie.Now Honey Bears has 4 valley locations, but success has not affected the wonderful quality of their food and their prices are the lowest anywhere for genuine slow smoked barbecue!
2	I still don't get the hype over this place. I try it once or twice a year, but as another poster said, their meat has no taste. It is apparently simply a vehicle for smoke flavor. Their potato salad could have been purchased from Wal-Mart, corn is often overdone, and their tossed salad is just okay. On the upside, their beans are great, and their sweet potato pie is very good.
4	Honey Bear BBQ is wet, messy, forget-yer-in-Arizona, hose yourself down with gallons of ice-tea when you're done, fun. The meat is so tender they must be getting it from animals who can't even stand up. The flavor of the sauce is a nice balance but leans a bit heavy on the sweet. But if this surprises you, you've simply forgotten the name of the place.Try any of the meat, and don't miss the beans. They taste like something went horribly wrong in the pot and someone tried to cover it up with ladle-fulls of honey, and just before throwing the whole mess out, realized "This is pretty damn GOOD!!!I'll go there every chance I get, but if you don't like sweet messy BBQ stay away.
4	I could see driving over from downtown for this.  Great, simple, tasty.  BBQ was best I've had outside of Oklahoma, and the cole slaw was very fresh (I'd go a bit less sweet, but it was nice and crunchy).
4	Oooohh the good food we find in the ghettooooo!! So yeah, when I moved to Az I didn't really know anyone, so of course I had no idea which areas were near 'bad', and which were closer to 'good'. I moved about 3 blocks away from Honey Bear's, and truthfully this place saved me a few times. Sure, it's on a street famous for hookers and activity deemed less than savory by most, but the bbq is solid. Parking is ample and the staff is as down home as the bbq they dish out. Enjoy!
4	My dad used to have this saying.  "If you put it on top of your head your tongue would beat your brains out trying to get to it".  That sums up how i feel about honey bears.After living in St Louis for a while i feared i would never find BBQ that met my standards ever again.  But this place is probably the best in the valley.  Many places try, but none can match this place for the portions or the price.Only reason they didnt get 5 stars is the lack of cornbread.  What is with BBQ places here and no freakin cornbread?  Blasphemy. But other than that, perfection.
3	This was a pretty decent place for good BBQ.  There isn't that much variety - mostly focused on BBQ meat sandwiches.  The good thing is that despite the small menu, what they do have is pretty good - I had the BBQ beef, which was tasty and had a ton of flavor.
4	The Real DealI'm from East Tennessee and our BBQ is North Carolina style.After moving out to Tempe in '95 I thought I'd never see good BBQ but Honey Bear's changed that, they could hold their own in the South.Honey Bears is N Carolina -style BBQ and the real deal., not cooked with spice/sauce until you put it on the meat.Go for the Pork! this is what they do, skip the beef and chicken, it's for the BBQ illiterate.Same with the folks who complained about having to put the sauce to the meat or not having fries, you do not know Southern BBQ.For those who do, enjoy!
2	I used to love Honey Bears, but in the past 24 months, for some reason, they've lost their soul. And that's bad because this was the only reliable selection of BBQ in Arizona.Whatever they changed, and I'm not sure it's quantifiable, but it needs to change back.Whenever I'd fly into the PHX airport around dinnertime, I'd bring home some Honeybear's for me and the wife.  The last few times, it's just been kind of "meh".  I'm not quite sure what it is, but I need to find a new guilty pleasure, smothered in BBQ sauce.
2	Honey Bear's is a place that was at one point a celebrated BBQ establishment, but it is now only a shell of its supposed former greatness.  The setup and quality are fast food, but the prices are a notch higher.  The meat tastes alright, but nothing special.  The restaurant itself is a bit of a dive (although the Central Ave. location is nicer, it is considerably more crowded).  The portions are meager.  All of this leaves you with the feeling that it would be a good $5 lunch.  Unfortunately, it's not just $5.
1	Honey Bears is a place I'd heard fantastic things about for quite some time and so when I finally made it over there one weeknight with some friends and office-mates, I was surprised to find it so incredibly lackluster. More than that, it was simply not good. I'm not sure if the food was just old and done for the day, as we were there about an hour before closing time, or what, but the meat was basically sprayed with some sauce and they called it a day. The meat was devoid of flavor and overcooked. I had chicken but the ribs were absolutely nothing to sneeze at either. The corn on the cob was simply some frozen piece nuked up or boiled or what-have-you, with some chips thrown in for good measure and that was about it.The insides aren't impressive in the slightest, either. I've been to plenty of dive places and had a great dining experience and considered it more the fun for it (Lolo's original location in Phoenix comes to mind, as it has a certain fun and well-managed charm inside) but this was dark, dingy, and unpleasant.The sauce was perhaps a saving grace if the food wasn't served nearly lukewarm and was able to bring something to the table on its own. Sadly, no amount of sauce-drowning could save my meal. I left unhappy and unfulfilled. I've heard so many great things from people I trust, so I may have to try it once more, during the day, but for now, the one star stands, as there was simply nothing even a little redeeming about this food.
3	Now I hold all my BBQ reviews up to my favorite standard and that is Rudy's (a TX based chain with stores in ABQ).  Now I have only been here (Honey Bear's) once on a suggestion from a friend who said it was as good as Rudy's.  Well now I can't say that just yet.   I stopped in on a whim for lunch.  I decided on the pulled pork sandwich and a side of mac n cheese.  I added a few jalapenos, but I could have used some fresh onions (I guess I should have asked).   The mac n cheese was good and creamy (velveta like in texture)  and the bbq sauce thin but very tasty (not to sweet, not too ketsupy or vinegary and a nice kick).  The sandwich was that type that required some fork and knife work, especially if you are like me and add more sauce.   As for the restaurant itself, when I was there it was clean, no frills cafe style.  You go up to the counter to order and pick-up and find a spot to sit.  I enjoyed my meal and plan on going back to try more items off the menu.
4	Very good BBQ joint.  Cheap and no frills, just like it should be.  Maybe I'm just lucky, but I have yet to be disappointed by Scottsdale cuisine!
4	Great place for pulled pork BBQ sandwiches! Awesome beans and coleslaw to go with your meal. Just enough to fill you up and make you happy at lunch time. They also have Big Red! If you're in the area, also look for Hap's Pit Barbecue and you can compare both places, see which one you like better!
3	No frills. Great food. I'd eat there again.
3	"Put some south in yo mouth" Boooyaaa~Pretty darn good BBQ. I had the pulled pork sandwich, the meat was tender and I could really taste the hickory smoke. The sauce was thick and tangy (yes I went a little overboard with it). I got corn on the cob for the side and it was a little bland, as if it had been boiled too long. My friend opted for the catfish and I snuck a few bites, it was not over-breaded, just a thin light dusting and super juicy inside, next time I am going to order it. I had an ice tea and it was so strong I had to add water to it (which I love). Overall this was a great lunch and although I ate so much I almost put myself in a food coma I will definitely be back.
3	Great pulled pork sandwiches and it's a quick 5 min. drive from my house.  If you like BBQ this is one of the better places here in AZ.  I don't think their sides are really that good more just there to have something on the side other than the sandwich.  Anyways as I said great for a quick bite.
3	This is pretty good BBQ.  Not the best I have had but not the worst.  The sauce is yummy but the meat couldn't stand alone.  They seem to rely heavily on their sauce to carry the food.  The Mac and Cheese was average...better than Kraft but I have had better out of a grocery store deli.  I almost had to give them an extra star for their catchy slogan ("You don't need no teeth to eat our meat") but didn't because that would just be a silly thing for me to do.
4	ahhh, honey bear's.  i'm not sure where the name comes from, but i am sure the food is DARN GOOD.  the meat is ridiculously tender.  the sauce is good, runny, but good.  somehow i end up consuming a couple tubs of it without realizing.the proportions aren't very big, for the sandwiches or the sides, but i guess you can argue that it helps you to not over-eat.  prices are pretty fair though. and again, the taste...mmm...they cater too, which is pretty amazing when you show up somewhere and it's buffet honey bear's time!
4	Okay, totally ecstatic about the Big Red! And the pulled pork, was juicy, tender and just down right good.The mac and cheese wasn't too cheesy but it had a nice pepper season to it... it was delicious. Because we got our order to go they put the sauce on the side so we can pour it on to our liking. I use the whole of sauce. It's sweet but with a spicy lil kick/aftertaste. I know of very few BBQ spots that have left a positive taste in my mouth and this is one for future reference to hit up if I'm looking for a good hole in the wall BBQ spot.
5	Best BBQ I've had this side of the Mississippi river. They also cater sporting events and concerts. They had a big tent set up at the Mesa amphitheater for a blues concert and they didn't gouge you for a sandwich and drink like most venues will.
2	I dined here last week and had a half platter of ribs.  Some ribs had minimal meat and were dry.  Some ribs were great.  The BBQ sauce is a tangy red sauce.Food I would rate a "3", I've had better, but it's not bad.Location - this place was dirty and there was spilled BBQ on the floor near the cash register.  The cashier was aware of the spill but didn't clean it up promptly as she had to warn me to watch my step.  Another customer was complaining to them in Spanish on how they messed up his order.Service/Cleanliness: 1. Overall - this place deserves a 2.Who would like this place?  Someone who's gotta have BBQ and nothing else serving BBQ nearby - it will do.
3	Had the 1/2 rack pork rib dinner.Ribs, cowbrow beans and coleslaw.  All good to very good but not make a special trip for.  Tables, settings were minimalist but ok.Rest room was probably less than miniamilst.Will try other places if I am in the mood for barbecue.
4	Delicious Ribs and they have Big Red soda on fountain? what's not to love?!
4	That's what I'm talkin' 'bout! This place is not fully hood, but it is close. They have a large selection to chose from, and I wasn't sure what to chose until I saw a nice value menu. I finally chose the three slider option - a pork, a chicken and a beef. A large pot of sauce on the table provided the right amount of sauce to be added to the sandwiches. I was surprised at how quickly the order was ready. My friend ordered and as she was getting her soda, her number was called. The soda selection was another interesting feature. No Coke or Pepsi here - RC, Diet Rite, Big Red, Country Time, and Sunkist mark a few of the selections that do not appear on most restaurant menus. There is plenty of seating in the dining room.  A good selection of sides to chose from (I went with the potato salad).The flavor of the meat was excellent and each slider was overstuffed. When you see the sandwich, you know you are going to wear it - which is another sign of a great BBQ establishment. You will need plenty of napkins with this one! My first experience here will not be my last. This place has jumped near the top of my list of BBQ pursuits.
4	A coworker of mine RAVES about this place so when they came up on Groupon I jumped on it. It timed out perfectly to be the place where I had my goodbye lunch for my last week at work. I have to say, I was not dissappointed. I had the pulled pork and the beans and it was delicious. The portions were perfect for me, I left completely full but not uncomfortable. It was a great lunch but I can't say it was the best barbeque I ever had which is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.
1	Last Friday we tempted fate and headed over to Honey Bear's BBQ restaurant in Phoenix. We equipped ourselves with full kevlar body suits complete with knee cap armor.During lunch hours it can be hard to find a parking slot at Honey Bear's Bar-B-Q restaurant. There are probably 20 spots and most of them fill up pretty quickly. From the outside, Honey Bear's looks as if it has had it's share of violence and has survived through it all. Fortunately enough, the inside makes up for the outside, but only in part. The restaurant is clean and the food appears to be prepared in a clean environment. But the whole building and the front part sure could do with a fresh coat of paint. That whole part of Phoenix is pretty runned down anyways. Honey Bear's is probably the best kept of its neighbors. Even so, don't attempt to gamble with your life and walk from work to the restaurant, you might get stabbed or shot at or both -- you've been warned.Many people in our office love Honey Bear's and if they had the chance would go and eat there every day. Out of the three times I've been to Honey Bear's during two of them I've gotten a BBQ sandwich and the other time I got a salad. The salad was nothing to write home about and honestly I didn't expect it to be. The place specializes in Tennessee style BBQ and not in salads. So if BBQ doesn't turn you on, then neither will Honey Bear's. The BBQ sandwiches at Honey Bear's never seem to impress me though. It just reminds me of sloppy joe and honestly I'd rather have a sandwich made with Manwich than with their BBQ chicken. Manwich is at the very least "managable". The meat on the sandwichs at Honey Bear's seem to be all over the place. It is uncontrollable almost. Their is no picking your sandwich up and eating it. If you try, it is just a mess. You end up having to eat your sandwich with a fork. Com'on now, is that how the people in Tennesee eat their sandwiches? With a fork? Yea, it's true what their moto says, "You don't need no teeth to eat our meat!", but I can guarantee you, you'll need a fork.As for food presentation, Honey Bear's doesn't do so well. Their sandwiches come wrapped in tin foil and the first impression you get is that there was no care put into it when they made it. They just plopted the meat on and moved on to the next customer.I have heard through various channels that Honey Bears tastes like cafateria food. Atleast I'm not the only hater.The price for food at Honey Bear's is about $5 just for the sandwich alone. With a drink and a side order of something it will usually run you about $8. The whole menu is pretty much a-la-carte.We will probably visit Honey Bear's agian because my co-workers have a thing for BBQ. But honestly, I think that Honey Bear's reputation is far better than their food and food presentation.
5	Don't let the neighborhood turn you off - this is the BEST BBQ in Phoenix! Totally back to basics BBQ - no fancy fusion food here!Try: Everything
2	OK, I am a Certified BBQ Judge, and was very disappoint with my visit Sunday night.  Cold food, ribs had no meat on them, even my 6 year old said 'wow they don't have a good cook here daddy'Out of forks, out of salad?  Waited 40 min for cold food?  Please explain....And one of the dirtiest bathrooms I have every seen.
5	Finally! An amazing place to get fantastic BBQ sandwiches in Phoenix! I went here for the first time a few weeks back (totally blanked out on the Yelp reviewing).  Some co-workers suggested we go there, saying it was one of the best places in The Valley for pork BBQ. They were right!It's a tiny restaurant, and chances are you've driven by it a couple times but just have never noticed it. It's nothing fancy inside, just great service, great food and happy customers. I had one of the massive pork BBQ sandwiches on the menu and had flashbacks of the days when I lived in the Carolinas. MmmMmm deee-licious!I could go on all day writing about how good Honey Bear's is, but I'll just let you go try it for yourself. Go on! Go!
5	Amazing pulled pork sandwiches, great bbq sauce, best pork n beans ive ever had
5	One of the best BBQ beef sandwiches I've ever had. No fuss barbecue and quite the experience. Oh, and the cowboy beans are amazing too.
2	I ordered the Chicken BBQ sandwich...was not that great. The chicken meat lacked any flavor. And the bread of the sandwich was extremely mushy. Plus, no sides and no kid options!! Just FYI...
5	The first time I went here, I was living at some apartments just down the road at Papago park.  I had only lived in Phoenix a couple years and where I come from there wasnt much in the way of BBQ so I didnt know anything about it other than I've had ribs before.  I walked up to the counter and a very large black man hears me say "Uhh, I'd like to get a rack of beef ribs please".  He barks back "Boy, you dont want no beef ribs.  What you want is pork ribs"Being the skinny half Korean kid I was, all I could say was "Yes sir"I'll tell ya, that changed my life.  Pork ribs, especially the ones from Honey Bear, make beef ribs taste like a McDonalds McRib sandwich.
4	Yet another great hole in the wall joint. They have awesome pulled pork sandwiches. This place is a local classic.
5	I've been to the renowned "Memphis in May BBQ Festival," but Honey Bear's pulled pork and BBQ sauce is as good as any I've ever tasted. Since the owners of this place come from TN, I guess that shouldn't come as a surprise. The pulled pork sandwich is out of this world. Honey Bear's motto is, "you don't need no teeth to eat our meat." And that's really true. It's slow-cooked, moist, and packed with flavor. The BBQ sauce is amazing. It's tangy and spicy, I'm thinking it might have a tomato and vinegar base, but I don't really know. My husband loves their hot links and spicy sausage. He's a rib guy too and says they're great. Honey Bear's on Van Buren is a bit of a dive and it's located in a slightly dicey, but safe, location. I think the dumpy atmosphere adds to the down home feel of the place.
3	Slogan: "you don't need no teeth to eat our meat"...  Actually, yeah, you really do. I gotta respect honey bears for becoming somewhat of an icon in the valley, but the pulled pork leaves a little room for improvement. My opinion is that it's cooked at too high of a temp. (note to honeybear: aim for 225 degrees - get staff in earlier if necessary)  Too high temp results in not enough time in it's early cooking stages to absorb that smoke flavor, which is also evidenced by an absence of color.   Slower cook time will also take some of the bite out of the meat.  But hey, it seems to be selling, so why change?  Maybe they should change the slogan though.  It is tasty, but all of the pork sandwich's flavor comes from the sauce, which is pretty unique - give me 100 sauces and i guarantee i can pick out honeybears.
5	Some of the best around. I hadn't been to Honey Bears in years but stoped in for chicken and ribs.They are still awsome and the slaw is spot on. The chicken was moist and flavofull. Dont be put off by the location or looks it is good food! And has been for years.
2	I feel bad giving them 2 stars, the first time I went I LOVED the bbq, so good, so tender.  Second time I went, same thing, BUT I got food poisoning!  A busy, well known place like that shouldn't have that happen.  I'm never eating there again.
3	quality in the food is inconsistent. i'm sure it depends on the cook of the day.the only thing that consistently not dry and full of gristle is their pulled pork.i have 2 groupons for this place and i'm hoping to try their catfish.
3	Must have been an off day but still pretty good. Better luck next time!
5	Living in Phoenix, there are very few really good bbq spots, Honey Bears is an exception. Honey Bears is one of the best bbq restaurants that you will find in Arizona.Honey Bears cooks Tennessee style bbq which is a sweet/tangy flavor. I'd say that the highlights of the menu are the ribs and pulled pork sandwich. Their meat choices are pork, beef, chicken, and hot links. They also have a couple side dishes that are worth trying, the "cowbro beans" and potato salad.Honey Bear's gets five stars for cooking up some of the best bbq in Arizona at a reasonable price.
4	Their sandwiches are excellent! I like to get the slider trio with bbq chicken, brisket, and pulled pork. Their potato salad is pretty decent but not as good as grandma's ;). Also, their coleslaw is quite nice but just a touch of too much mayo. Now comes the bad part: the ribs. I absolutely love bbq ribs and unfortunately their's were dry with very little meat on the bone. I would not recommend the ribs here to anyone. Stick with the sammy's and you'll be all good.
4	I was taken to Honey Bears BBQ by a co-worker for lunch and oh am I glad I learned about this place! We went this location by the airport, but I imagine they are all just as tasty. I got the 3 slider plate with a side of macaroni and cheese. We got it to go and the sauce (a very large portion) comes on the side. YUM! I'm a smaller girl but I can eat and this lasted me lunch and dinner - the leftovers were just as amazing. Can't wait to go back! :)
5	Cannot believe I have lived next to this place for years and never tried it! Went for lunch today and the sliders (one pork, one beef and one chicken) were AMAZING! Their mac n cheese was bomb too, not to mention the Big Red. Will definitely start eating here regularly.
5	Food here was great, I had a bad experience in tempe but this place was great!
4	"You don't need no teeth to eat our meat"Haha, what else needs to be said.This place is a solid BBQ joint.  I'm from the southeast and I love pork BBQ.  I was raised on NC style (from southern VA) but I appreciate all BBQ's.  This place is pretty great.It's inexpensive.  Decent customer service.  Cheap beer.  Very little fat/gristle in the pulled pork which is something I pay very close attention to.  If you're looking for something quick, easy, inexpensive and delicious give this place a try.
4	I have been coming to this place and Haps for my bbq fixes for years. Since Haps moved to a building near Honeybears the flavors of their food have seem to drop to bland but Honeybears pork drowned with bbq sauce is really hard to beat. I have been to both the Central location and this one and even though people may say it is a dive they are fast and the food is always great. Their slider special is a good way to test the waters but make sure you drown it in sauce for extra goodness. The central location does fries and the Van Buren one does chips so a win for Central on that one.  Both have the tasty "Cowbro" beans which are quite good. The Central local also has vanilla pudding that is quite good but both may have and I never noticed. The downside to the central location is that they do get alot of business from all the offices near by so 12 noon there is a line. Last time I went I seen they were now selling their BBQ sauce so I grabbed a bottle of that also but have yet to try it.I would recommend this place if you plan on a tasty quick meal with quick service.
1	ribs were dry, hardly any meat on them, and chewy/tough. seems that management may have changed since I last visited many years ago. man at counter lacked appreciation for my business, made crude comments about women who had just left,  and was very impersonal, did not thank me for my business or even look at me when he handed my to go order to me. I doubt I'll ever return to this location. the one on central I may try once more.
1	Went here Saturday after a long absence and was reminded why there has been such a long absence.  The food was mediocre and the facility is pretty run down. I had the BBQ Pork, coleslaw and peach cobbler while my wife had the BBQ Pork and potato salad. We both thought the BBQ pork was a 3 or 4 on a scale of 1 to 10 and the coleslaw and potato salad were no better.  I was so looking forward to the peach cobbler but even it wasn't very good.   If you're in the area and want good BBQ go two minutes away to Hap's BBQ on Washington and 48th.  Of course Joe's BBQ in Gilbert is great too and even Famous Dave's kicks this place.
5	Right next door to where we just moved in to and even while we were moving we could smell the pit. :) When I saw the building I already knew it had potential. I was told this location was the oldest and had better BBQ than others so with a Groupon Now I figured "why not". We were not disappointed whatsoever. This coming from a person who only eats his own BBQ and my family from Mississippi!Had the 3 meat sampler to give all a whirl. Best were the ribs. Second, the beef. Third place tie goes to the pork and chicken but the sauce was great. Actually used it on my own slow cooked pulled pork for Super Bowl Sunday. Overall. I loved it.
4	Looking for good BBQ? Got a hankering for some tasty meats, slow roasted to perfection?Hop a flight to Austin Texas and head straight for 'The County Line' BBQ. If you can't do that, the next best thing in Phoenix is Honey Bears. A long time establishment dedicated to satiating the appetites of carnivores everywhere. Their motto is quaint and to the point;  "You don't need no teeths to eat our meat."Isn't that just precious?And so it goes, their motto has managed to attract the dentifrice-challenged from all over the valley, their smiles resembling jack-'o-lanterns.Well I have all my 'teeths', which is precisely why I come here. Being older, looks beginning to wane, I still have a nice set of choppers which excludes me from the dentifrice challenged category. It also makes me revered by other diners my age as a demi-god of sorts.  So whenever i'm feeling down, a little blue over how I never get the once-over from hot babes anymore, I come here,  where I'm worshipped by  toothless fucks from all over Phoenix, and all for little more than a lifetime of dental care! Go figure.Their brisket. pork shoulder and chicken, all tasty, better than most BBQ joints in Phoenix. Beans and coleslaw, nothing spectacular. Service, friendly.Truly a good BBQ joint. Sauce is decent.It's like eating at a homeless shelter, except the bbq is really good, and some half-assed preacher isn't in the dining area requiring you say a bunch of prayers in order to get a free meal.
5	We really liked this place. Tried them on a Groupon and will definitely be back when we come in town. The outside of the place looked a bit scary, but don't let that fool you. It was excellent food! We had the ribs, wonderful, fall of the bone delish! The chicken was just as juicy! The pulled BBQ beef was good too. Potato salad was great too! This is definitely in the top 5 BBQ places we've ever eaten at. Enjoy!
2	i'm confused.  i tried this place without looking at a review and i give it a 2 star.  but honey bears has a 4 star rating.  that's why i'm confused.  not sure if it was a bad day or what is going on.the food was average to below average.  i did finish my food but that was about it.  my family was not to impressed either.the inside experience was okay too.  after we left this restaurant we decided to never come back again.  but after reading so many positive reviews i'm may give it a second chance.
4	A valley staple. I am not the biggest BBQ or smoked meat fan but the food is good and the portions are huge. If you like BBQ and Soul food check it out. Their Sweet Potato Pie (and surprisingly potato salad) is extremely delish!
1	Ew. Each bite was pure fatty nastiness.
4	So I will be the first to admit that I am not usually a big barbeque fan.  A few years ago I was in Kansas City and even then I was "Meh" about the whole thing.  Maybe my palate has expanded since then- who knows.  Either way, when I had a hankering for barbeque today it was a little unexpected to say the least.  To be fair, I had been meaning to try Honey Bears since I moved close to it.  I had heard how amazing it was, but just had never really been in the mood.  Today I gave in and went and I am so glad I did!The service was nice and super fast.  I was really surprised by how quickly my food came out.  I ordered the 3 sliders, figuring I would have an assortment of tastes in case I picked the wrong thing.  All three were really good, but the pork slider was absolutely my favorite.  I don't normally like barbeque sauce, because it usually seems too sweet to me.  It seemed to me like there might be a little bit of a kick thrown in that kept it from being overly sweet.  The sauce paired with the tender juiciness of the pork was completely delectable.  Now I know what I will get when I get a barbeque craving (and this time it won't be a surprise!)
5	So good. One of the best tasting BBQ I have had in a long, long time. Must try!!!!
2	Hot links were very average. Terrible texture.
5	I am EXTREMELY happy they serve rib tips every day now. The sauce is amazing. Get buns to soak it all up. If you run out of buns, go to the store and buy more buns. Or you can mail me the sauce so I can dispose of it properly. Or not. Just don't waste the sauce.
5	Delicious! Ribs, chicken, mac and cheese! It's all so good!
4	I've been going to this particular one since 1987.  It was a ritual to go there right after the Copper World race, Indy car race and  the races at Manzanita.  Great food, great portions and great atmosphere.
2	I've gone to Honey Bears now twice. First time was when I was a teenager with my grandparents. Was not impressed. Since it had been st least 15 years, I figured is give out another go. Honestly, I've made better bbq at home. For the price they charge you, of rather go to Famous Daves. Pork was dry. Ribs were fatty. Cobbler was gluey and tasted like it was Comstock pie filling. Thank goodness we ate using a Deal Chicken offer.
3	Went there on a Sunday... not busy... only 2-3 other tables. The place was clean and very BBQ-esque feeling (which is good!); HOWEVER, it may have been a bad day or personal issues or ?  ... The big bald guy at the counter (I can say that because I'm a big bald guy), had a very unfriendly attitude.  Like I said... he may have just been having a bad day, BUT... we almost left before trying the BBQ. At then end of placing our order, we decided to add a piece of their sweet patato pie, listed on the wall menu... His response was only "No Pie Today".  No please... No Thank you... barely a grunt in reply to a question.Definitely the the BEST RIBS I have ever had.  Tender, but not fall apart... slight crisp to the outside... plenty of meat on the bone and a great sauce with a little kick.The food was so good I'll probably give it another try but I hope the big bald guy will be having a better day!
4	I'm a long time fan of this Tennessee style 'que. In all fairness I'm fiercely loyal to the pulled pork and almost never have anything different. On the rare occasion I tried something else I enjoyed it, but I usually just do the half pound of meat w/ beans & slaw. It's honestly one of my favorite meals of all time. The Van Buren location is preferable. This place is the real deal.
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE catfish taste like crunchy cardboard. HORRIBLE customer service in the van buran location. If you want some really good catfish papa joes is AWESOME!!! It's actually worst than one star, and they BOIL there ribs. SMH!!
5	Best place to eat
5	Anyone giving this BBQ less than 5 stars doesn't know a thing about BBQ.  Anyone giving any BBQ place less than 5 stars based on the building or outside appearances again doesn't understand the whole "BBQ joint" concept.This is a barbecue joint.  It's not Applebee's, it's not Ruth's Chris steakhouse.  This is all about the meat, sauce, and the sides.  If you don't like the place, then get carry out and enjoy some of the finest BBQ I've ever tasted....and I lived in Texas up until last year.Their "cowbro beans" is the side to try if you are into spicy!  I tried the chicken, pork, and shredded beef and they are all outstanding - and they have two types of barbecue sauce...the spicy one is available upon request.I highly recommend this place for an outstanding lunch, carry out, or barbecue dinner experience.  Again, never walk into any reputable barbecue joint expecting white table cloths.  It is just not meant to be that way!FIVE STARS from from a former Fort Worth resident!  This is as good as it gets!
5	This is some good stuff.  Ordered the slider meal - which allowed me to sample the chicken, pork and beef BBQ for roughly 10 bucks.  I asked for some hot BBQ sauce on the side (they did not have it out on the tables) and went to town on this meal.  The meal was enough to make me satisfied without feeling like I ate too much.  The BBQ sauce on the sliders was more than sufficient but I am one of those guys that likes to douse their meat in BBQ sauce (otherwise it just does not feel right) .   Honey Bears was bare bones in decor but for a BBQ place, I am not judging on the quality of their pictures on the wall but rather the tastiness of the meat.  I would come back to this place in a heartbeat!  Highly recommend.
4	Ok, so I haven't actually been to this location. I just had the BBQ from their tent at the Tempe Art Festival. When I got there the BBQ rib tips weren't ready yet. Mark Smith actually delivered them a couple blocks away to my office when they were ready, and he included extras. Such wonderful service, so nice! The BBQ sauce was amazing and I want to head to one of the full-menu locations to try their ribs. mmm
4	This place seems to be a Valley staple, so I had to try it despite some poor reviews. My experience was pretty good. Ordered two sandwich combos at $9.89 each. Usually don't comment on beverages, but the rare presence of Big Red in the soda machine was one I took advantage of right off the bat. Moving on to the side dishes, the macaroni and cheese was just average, a bit gummy, but the potato salad had large chunks of potatoes and a nice relishy taste. Ok, now onto the main courses. The chopped chicken is just that - 95% white meat chopped onto a bun. So, in this case the BBQ sauce better be good or else it will be one dry sandwich and luckily this sauce was tasty, kind of a thicker red vinegar style, but still a good taste and it gets soaked up fast. The Brisket was another huge sandwich, almost needing a knife and fork as meat spills everywhere (a good thing). This was shredded or chopped style brisket and I even found a few burnt ends buried amongst the meat. Hardly any fat and once again and that sauce made an appearance and "completed" the brisket very nicely. Place was pretty empty at 6:30pm on a weekday, just the way I like it.
2	Not too impressed. The baked beans were way too sweet as is the BBQ sauce. So-so cole slaw and dry meat.
3	Sad I didn't try the ribs they looked really good. Instead I went with the pulled pork sandwich which was good but not worth the price. Not too impressed and left feeling like I had paid too much for an alright lunch.
5	Been going to Honey Bear's for around seven years and it is the BOMB! It is my favorite bbq place. I suggest you try it, especially if you like wet and saucy bbq. When Jesus comes back, I expect to see Honey Bear's Sauce ascend home :DIf you want good BBQ and a no glits and glammour dinning room, you've found it.
4	Great food, always consistent. Prices fair, service spotty but acceptable. I visit about every 8 weeks and look forward to getting my q on
4	I had Chicken and Ribs with beans and mac & cheese and it was finger licken good. If you like saucey BBQ this place is pretty good. Both the Rib and Chicken were falling off the bone and the beans were really good. I'm not usually in to the BBQ that is saucey I found myself stuffing my face. By the way... the serving size was huge.
5	Honey Bear's provided catering for our wedding last month and the food was unbelievably good! We had the barbeque chicken and pulled pork--both were out of this world. They delivered the food right on time as well, so that was one wedding detail we didn't have to stress over!  I would highly, highly recommend this joint to any and everyone! Thank you so much for making our backyard barbeque wedding dreams come true!
3	This is the second time I have been here and I feels it's average for BBQ. The potato salad was very cold, almost frozen and did not have any flavor. I was not full from my sandwich and since I didn't eat the potato salad was going to get peach cobbler but they didn't have any that day :-( Pretty "basic" place.
2	I really wanted to like this place since I really dig family owned businesses I guess I will start my review by saying I ordered via phone but when I called I got an automated system that was horrible and didn't route you to anyone instead it said to call another number. After placing a huge order they said it would be done in 30 minutes. I went to pick up my order an hour later and it was still not ready and ended up waiting another 30 minutes when I looked around it seemed that everyone there was waiting for food and no food was being served in a timely matter. After finally getting my food I really wasn't impressed. Pulled Pork-DryBrisket-DrySauce-Weak and needed spiceBaked Beans-Very good especially with the sausage Hot Links- Not bad but not spicyColeslaw- Very good Corn Bread- bland and tasted old
1	I don't understand what all the hoopla is about. The food was lousy. The ribs tasted like the cow had mad cow disease. The sauce was weak. Overall, the food is overpriced. I've gone to this place twice and all I can say is I loved the beer!
4	CLASSIC BBQ JOINT !!!!!!What a great place to get REAL BBQ !! The family owned and run aspect always appeals to me, and the casualness is pure downhome. This place reminds me of the authentic bbq joints in MPLS and St Paul MN, my hometown.The pulled pork sand was as good as any as I have ever had, and the sides were unique. Just eating something called "CowBro Beans" is an experience. It maybe could be a little cleaner, but so could Famous Dave's.Worth the time and money. Don't miss out.
4	This place was expensive, but you also get what you pay for, and it was worth every cent.
1	I'm from Chicago and dying for some fantastic tasting ribs, other than those that I BBQ myself. Everyone pointed me to Honey Bear's BBQ.The place is clean and casual, and the service is OK. But the ribs were horrible. The beer was fantastic though and I first thought maybe the alcohol had dulled my taste buds. I remember screaming, "Either this is a poor cut of beef/pork or both animals had mad cow/pig disease!"I decided to return and give them another chance, and not order alcohol. I ordered the ribs and again, "Mad Cow Disease!"I won't ever return. How does that go: "First time shame on you, second time shame on me..."
4	Wow, simply unbelievably good barbecue this far west!  The beans are the best this Texan ever tasted, meat and sauce both outstanding!
4	I had a $20 Groupon for this place, so I decided to try it out on Friday. The food was awesome! The portions were huge too! I had 4 meals for a little over $20. I ordered the half rack ribs with two sides.  I also ordered the beef brisket. The ribs were meaty tender and had good smoky flavor. I typically don't like my ribs swimming in BBQ sauce and was kind of disappointed to see sauce slathered all over the ribs but It worked. I was pleasantly surprised at how tasty they were and the sauce was not overwhelming at all. I ordered a half rack but it seemed that there was a racks worth of ribs (they must be some huge racks)! I will definitely be trying this place again!
3	* I brought the Groupon deal "$10 for $20 worth of barbecue, sides, and drinks" might as well while I travel on budget. I got here on Wednesday at 1ish, there are 3-4 customer eating at the table, no customer in line.  I ordered the ribs and chicken bbq. The sides are alright, the chicken is realy good. The ribs are so dry. But the bbq sauces are soooooo good. I love the bbq sauces. I won't not come back unless I have another Groupon deal. I will only get the chicken next time.
2	Something is up at the Tempe Honey Bears, and it's not good.  I've eaten here for years, and at their Phoenix location, and previously at their South Tempe location (now closed). Food and service have always been excellent.  On my last visit, the place does not appear to be run by the family who has delivered excellent food and service for the past several decades. I ordered my usual Rib & Chicken combo with 2 sides.  The chicken was OK, but the ribs were seriously undercooked and underseasoned.  This was a huge disappointment!  As with most BBQ places, the ribs are supposed to be, juicy, flavorful and fall-off-the-bone tender.  It's something I look forward to when indulging at a place like this.  The hispanic staff (including a very young kid) who were running the place were unfriendly and slow.  There are lots of BBQ joints in town now, several closer to home, but I've been a loyal fan of Honey Bears for a long time.  I hope they can get their act back together.
3	Cute little BBQ joint!  I mean who doesn't love bears and an adorable catering van parked outside?  Reminds of smokey the bear actually and I'd almost  imagine smokey bear looking at honey bear warning not to start forest fires when bbqing.  Anyways, on to the review!  Fast food style BBQ- I ordered the 3 slider combo which is great so you can try all theme meats.  I liked the pulled pork the best although it's a little on the dry side.  The sauce is awesome and does a great job masking any noticeable dryness if you spread it out.  You also get a side (can't go wrong with Mac n cheese) that comes in a to go container which is great if you can't finish all your food.  I love the fact that the place is family owned and it's a great atmosphere in the establishment with several historically meaningful pictures of it.  The garbage system needs an update as the hole to actually dump garbage is tiny and causes sauce to spill all over the sides and for customers to actually put effort in aiming their disposal of goods.
3	The guy at the cashier was very chill and friendly. We ordered the value meal with 3 pieces of ribs, pulled pork sandwich plus a side of mac  & cheese. The BBQ sauce was goood. The ribs were good too but I just hiked Squaw Peak for the first time when I went there so I was really really exhausted and hungry that I'd pretty much eat anything. So, I'm not sure. It's worth a try though!By the way, thanks to Yelp we got $2 off! We also ordered peach cobbler and sweet potato pie for dessert, and they were delicious!Will we visit again? For sure!
1	HORRIBLE experience. Got a couple of the Groupons thinking it was a good deal and bc my dad grew up in Phoenix and we used to come here a while ago for their formerly good food and service. However, we will never be back again and opted not to even use our balance because of how poorly we were treated. The Groupon actually expired yesterday and I was really tired but was going to make the 40 minute drive anyways but I thought I'd call and just check to see if they would extend the offer til today as some company's are courteous in that way. I spoke to a gentleman on the phone and explained that I knew my Groupon was expiring that night but would they let me come today for the deal and he said yes that would be fine. So today I make the drive and was told "no" by the girl behind the counter. I explain the whole situation about calling last night and that I spoke to a guy and she just said "I know who you spoke to but that's not our policy so you can't get the deal."  No apology or attempt to rectify the situation.  I should probably add that there was NO ONE there and she could have easily extended our offer and established return customers but she had no custom service skills. When I asked her name she said it is Courtney but it looks like she has replied to reviews on here as "Anna S." so who knows. And after reading more reviews about ppl who have gotten food poisoning after eating here recently maybe it's for the better!
1	Very disappointed. I have been using Honey Bears BBQ for several years and always had a reasonable experience up until about a year ago. I used them a lot for catering orders (30+ people) and also used them on regular office orders (10+ people). They recently started cutting their portion sizes way back so much so that I would have to order for 20 when I needed it for 10. The huge disappointment was when I ordered Honey Bears for a retirement party in the office (I made the order a week in advance). The day before they were supposed to deliver I called to confirm the order, the woman on the phone stated that they wouldn't make the delivery time that was quoted on the invoice - not acceptable when you have an office full of people waiting on their lunch. So I offered to pick it up, when I arrived at the Van Buren location, I had to wait 30 minutes for the order which was still way beyond the quoted time. I was also told at the cash register that they "were out of peach cobbler that day" so none of my guests received dessert - which may have not been a big deal except for the fact that it was a retirement party. The people assisting at the front counter and the helpers were all rude and unfriendly and did not care that the order was late or that they didn't have the complete order prepared...they have been around a long time but their customer service is AWFUL as in - they don't have any.
2	New ownership maybe but it's not the same here. Cashier wasn't friendly. The high chairs were so messy with caked in food. It took me many wipes to get it suitable for my son to sit in and eat in. Wires hanging down from window lights.  Napkin dispensers empty during dinner time. Come on!
4	Came here after finding a voucher on Restaurant.com.  Very happy with our meal.  Friendly, quick service.  I had the ribs and sandwich (chicken) combo with two sides (corn on the cob and mac n' cheese) and my husband had the three slider combo with a side of mac n' cheese.  All very tasty.  The gentleman behind the counter brought us some of their baked beans on the house and they were amazing.  We'll definitely have to come back as we didn't have room for dessert!
5	The best BBQ in Phoenix, hands down.
2	Food is just okay, but it is to expensive for what you get.
3	Got the pulled pork sandwich. The pork was good and so was the BBQ sauce. The bread was sub par. Macaroni was slightly undercooked and the cheese was a bit runny. The size of the pork sandwich was nice for the price. Next time, I'll just get meat by the lb.
2	Not real impressed.  Sauce wasn't all that and sliced beef was tough. Trash can was full, restaurant wasn't real clean. Two small sandwiches and two sides came to $20.   Won't be back.
2	Been there a couple times in the past...Dont know what all the hype is...Went there yesterday 1/23/14..Cashier unpleasant to work with..She wasnt paying attention..I find the menu a little over priced for the end result... I had the pork sandwich..it was very small..  The sauce was way way watered down (thin)... The mac and cheese was weak at best...ive had better Craft from the box...Im not a big fan of RC fountain drinks...(wtf is up with that ?)   When i went to put my tray away the garbage can was over filled with trash on the floor next to it..I balanced my tray on top and quietly left..Not a "goodbye" from the counter or a "yall come back"    nothing....   What happend to this place ?  Did they change owners ?  I just dont get it...                                                                                                          I dont think ill be back /
2	Lunch at Honey Bears BBQ today. Arrived at 11:15 with four parties seated and three in line in front of me - good sign. I ordered the BBQ pork, hot link, a side of slaw and a drink. He changed it to the # 1 value meal to save me money but it still came to $10.28. Meal arrived in about 4 minutes and everything was hot but I was disappointed in most of it. Come slaw first: slaw was tangy, perfect spice and mayo level. Definitely would order again. The pork and link came together in a HB bun. I got 2-3 ounces of pork and a three-inch link. Decent flavor but for $10, I should get more than 2-3 oz.The link was good. It had good snap, excellent spice but just not much of it. The meal came with a pint of BBQ sauce which was unexpected. The sauce had a slight amount of spice but was so sweet I couldn't put much on the Sammie. I suppose when you're called Honey BBQ, you make sweet sauce. Around the corner is Hap's BBQ which I thought was better but Famous Dave's blows them both out with flavor and value.
3	This place is average. I had the vm1 with bbq chicken sandwich and potato salad. The meal was out quick and it was relatively cheap. The chicken was a touch dry for my liking, the bun was a little soggy and the bbq sauce had a watery consistency and lacked flavor. The potato salad was pretty good and a large portion.
4	Manager (Owner?) is very chill... Some people might not be used to it. It's a southern thing though! Lol... Anyways! The food is good, I always get either the pulled pork sandwich or the hot link sandwich. The BBQ is the ish!!!!!! I love it, can't get enough. I was reading some other reviews & all I can say is Love it or hate it, I happen to love it. PS: it's really not as bad as people make it seem... Give it a try.
2	While at the recent Chandler Beer and BBQ festival, I decided to give Honey Bears a try.  I had never been there before and have heard them mentioned as one of the great BBQ joints in the Phoenix area. What a disappointment. The ribs we ordered were tough and gristly and tasted like they had been "quick-cooked". I've made and eaten enough ribs to know when a piece of meat has been rushed. My guess is they were scrambling to meet the high demand of the event and took some shortcuts. (It was later in the day) If thats the case I would say its a shame to sacrifice quality to make a buck. With all the new BBQ places popping up in the Phoenix area, there's no room for the ones that compromise. Just my luck with 20+ BBQ booths to choose from at the festival I picked the one that obviously does.
4	Stopped here after a Group-On promo. The person at the register, like many of the reviews below, was not the friendliest in the world but then I came here for BBQ and not to make a new friend. Ordered the 1/2 rack of ribs, hot link on the side and cole slaw and potato salad. The ribs truthfully were very good, some of the best I have had in a long time. The BBQ sauce was also excellent but more of a mid-west style and tasty. I cannot say how the hot link was because they shorted me on this! Sorry but ordering something then paying for it and finding it missing once you get home just is not right. Really gave me a bad taste in my mouth over the place... I have one more Group-On voucher and am using it this week. This time eating inside so lets see if they short me on anything else this time...~~~~~~~~UPDATE! Returned to Honey Bears on Friday and first off the person working the register was a lot nicer to work with. Also mentioned that I had been shorted a hot link and she took care of it, giving me an extra one today. Had the ribs again and once again they were excellent. Also got a BBQ Beef sandwich to go for lunch the next day and it was very good as well. Course when I was at the restaurant this time the soda fountain stopped working and as usual it was AFTER several of us had paid for drinks. Oh well...
1	The food wasn't very tasty. The bathrooms will make you leave and not even ask for your money back.
1	Was not a fan. The service was horrible, pork was chewy and they were out of mac n cheese. The only good thing was they had Big Red on the fountain. I will not return.
1	I tried to place a catering order on a Friday morning and I called the number listed on the website.  No one returned my phone call.  I called one of the locations 3 days later and the women who answered the phone was extremely unprofessional and rude.  She informed me that I needed to call the phone number that was listed on the website, and when I tried to explain that I had not received a call back she cut me off and raised her voice.  No problem... I contacted Haps Pit BBQ and they had no problem taking my catering order for 20 people.
1	Have been going to this place/location for YEARS!! Needless to say, I wont be back to this establishment ever again, after I discovered a CLUMP of hair (view in photos at own risk) in my pulled pork. Highly disappointed.
4	Great BBQ.  The coleslaw was fantastic, and the pulled pork was quite tasty.  The sauce was also super good.   I would have gave 5 starts, but I did deduct one as the people who talk about the nasty bathroom here are totally right.  Bring your Purell if you wanna use the bathroom first.
3	Had bbq pork sandwich.  It was good, but over priced. No lids for your soda? Wth? Wish they served fries instead of potato chips.
3	Honey Bears BBQ is definitely worth checking out. What they lack in variety and options is made up in quality. The ribs were nice and the pork sandwich was tender. Unfortunately I will chose elsewhere next time for more options and a little more meat on the bones. Overall the food was good but nothing wow'd me.
1	Let's be honest, when it comes to BBQ places that are decent, the valley is sorely lacking.  So, when I brought up the fact that I was having a serious itch for some Q, a coworker brought Honey Bear's up. Having not heard of it, I was in for it.The establishment is a hole in the wall, butsome of the best BBQ I have ever had was in holes in the wall (i.e. Aurthur Bryant's in Kansas City). We got out of the car and were greeted by the pleasant smell of wood smoking meat, and it smelled awesome. I was super excited...until we stepped into the door.The aroma went from pecan wood chips to backed up sewage. I kid you not it smelled like someone emptied their bowels in the middle of the lobby. People would come in and turn right back around and leave. But, my friend assured me this was the place to be so darn it, I was going to stick it out.I got the BBQ chicken sandwich. The sauce had very little flavor to it but the meat was tender (there is your one star, the ability to not dry out chicken). I asked about what side the cashier would prefer and she just shrugged and said "I guess the potato salad." As expected from the response, it was mediocre.But that smell went back with me to the office where a coworker asked if I had been sitting in an alley with a drunk during lunch. I had to change my shirt but the smell was burned into my nostrils.Never again...NEVER...AGAIN.
2	There's not much to say about Honey Bears BBQ...  The food is not as tasty as the smell I sense every early Saturday morning, & it lacks seasoning.  The location is a little sketchy, but is very clean inside the premises and the family staff are very polite.  Personally, the chicken is better than the ribs... But I only went there once & doubt it I will go back...
3	Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed with the flavor of the meat here.  Side dishes were pretty good. If you want a good smoke ring and flavorful meat I prefer Rudy's. However, if you're in downtown phx and don't want to travel to the 'burbs this place will do
4	Everything here is good. I love the barbeque sauce and the peach cobbler is to die for!
2	Went in today with my friend. I must say for a joint which specializes in bbqs, the food was below standards. I took the half pork ribs. Not only the sauce was bad but the meat was hard and not tasty at all. My friend who took the chicken sandwich with hotlinks was equally disappointed with the food.I'm done with this place and not visiting this again.
4	Been craving Honey Bears for a while now, finally drove up from Tucson and got my fix. My signature order is a pulled pork sandwich for any BBQ place I go. Honey Bear's did not disappoint, the pork was seasoned very well and was juicy. The sauce is more on the sweet side and not too thick. The mac n' cheese was very creamy and seasoned with pepper. I am a pepper person so I do not mind the little kick. Tried a rib and the small amount of meat that was on there came right off. Seasoned and cooked very well. I am not one to order ribs so I don't want to be too critical of them because they were very good, just thought they were a bit slim. If you happen to catch a Cardinal's game in Glendale, Honey Bear's has a quick service stand INSIDE the stadium. Definitely a good game choice meal.
2	I think it has started to go downhill a bit...then again phoenix is gaining more decent bbq places so I think that is part of why I just can't go any more.  Their is no smoke and not much flavor and the quality of the meat is not great. They get two stars due to a pretty decent bbq sauce and affordable pricing.
