4	I buy both dog food/treat/toys and get my fat mutt groomed here. He's a Akita/Border Collie mix, and has extremely thick, plush fur that sheds like crazy every change of season.Gooming: They take about 4 hours here on my dog, when I send him to get handsome. Some of the groomers shave his butt really REALLY close, and he gets irritated for a few days afterwards. They seem to always do a good to great job on washing him and getting all layers of his coat clean. Only about 60% of the time do they remember to spray him with a nice-smelling dog cologne, and I have to remind them to do it. (a tad annoying) The bandanna seems to be hit and miss, but that's alright, as the dog's got a really thick and furry neck and tends to really dislike them on.Dog food: Glad to see them lower the price on Science Diet dog food. 95% of the time, they have the type I need in stock. I get the pups Pork Chomps treats, and they carry a good variety of them.Goodies: I've bought reflective and fleece-lined doggy raincoats at great prices off-season. (normally $25-30, down to $12) They always stock little clothes/costumes for the ankle-biter dogs, but lack in bigger dog stuff in that vein.Weekends are always crazy-busy here, and they do pet adoptions here then as well.
2	Okay I want to preface this with every other time I have gone in there I have had decent service.  One lame worker will not prevent me from going to PetSmart in the future.  However, this is what happened the last time I went in to buy dog food.  I have a Chihuahua and a French Bulldog.  As many dogs do, they love to go on car rides, walks and anything else that gets them out of the house.  Since PetSmart is pet friendly, I took my boys with.  I have them on a leash with a coupler.  I went straight back to the dog food.  Two employees were having a conversation and saw me walking over with my dogs.  They looked right at me, walked away from me, continued having their conversation and avoided helping me.  Neither asked if I needed help or acknowledged me.  I was told I needed to buy a specific type of dog food...I couldn't find it on the shelf so I walked to the end of the aisle.  I asked if they were busy and could they help me.  One of the workers walked the other direction and the second worker said "I guess".  Thanks for taking time out of your busy day at work as a CUSTOMER SERVICE representative to help me!  LOL!  He is there to help people shop for what they need!  Come on!  So he was nice enough to carry a 50 pound bag of dog food to the front where he then threw it up on the register and walked away.  The woman at the register offered to have the man help me out to my car with the food.  Since simply carrying the food to the register had been such a hassle for him in the first place, I opted to carry the bag of food out by myself. In the future, I would like to be able to bring my dogs.  However, if there is going to be such poor customer service I guess I'll have to leave them at home.
1	do not go to petsmart in las vegas (silverado & eastern) to get your pet groomed! uneven mess and choppy cuts! i am embarrised to bring my dog out :o( and to top it off the day cost me $60 plus. never will go there again!!!!! the groomer knew of my dissapointment and did nothing. it's just hair, it will grow back attitude!
1	I walked in to get my cats groomed. The groomers all looked and acted like they were right out of a trailer park. Screwing around, attitude problems, and no one wanted to help me. The manger comes over to the counter and I tell her I want the cats groomed. I didn't have an appointment. She calls one of the groomers over and asks if she has time to groom my cats. The groomer rolls her eyes and walks away "i'm busy".I couldn't believe it. I walked right out. Went across the street to Petco and will never go back to this dump. How can people act this way when you want to give them your money!?!?
4	I came here to take my friend's dog to see the vet. Banfield is the company that does exams and pet care. We came in a little early to fill out all the paper work and it did not take too long before the nurse came in to do the initial check up. When she finished, the doctor came in to administer the shots. Before we knew it, the work was done and we were out the door. The staff were helpful and quick to assist.
1	I had both of my dogs groomed and they shaved one of my kids belly so close it is now infected. NOT Happy!!!
5	My pup and I love this PetSmart location. We have done some extensive training with Ashleigh, and she is hands down THE BEST!!! Honestly, she is the main reason we keep coming back. Take a minute and introduce yourself, you'll be anxious to start taking classes with her too. We also go to the Banfield pet hospital inside that location. I would have to give them 4/5 stars though. They have been behind schedule almost every time I go, but that is typical of a doctors office I suppose. I have also had to take my pup in to follow up on routine procedures. Other than that, they are very nice and seem to take good care of my little guy. I have used the grooming services once or twice, and I wasn't blown over the top impressed, but I think I need to give them another shot. Definitely see Ashleigh if you're at all interested in training, there are tons of different classes to choose from, obedience to tricks.
3	We like going here to get out pet supplies. The people are friendly and we can usually find a deal or two. (last month I got 2 16lb bags of cat food for $15... pricing error?) They also have a cat adoption center that is open on the weekends. The ladies are pretty nice and they have a lot of great cats to choose from. If you are looking for a pet this is the place to go!
4	Great deals here from time to time... Jenn keeps finding super deals on cat food! The ladies that run the cat adoption area are super nice and there are plenty of great cats to adopt.
5	Love this place. My english bulldog Stella gets groomed & does training classes  every Thursday. ASHLEY is the best trainer any one could ask for. ALWAYS helpful & very knowledgable. Definitely bring your dog in & talk to Ashley, we're very lucky we did :)
1	The last time I went here it was because my usual groomer's closed down and I needed my dog groomed soon. I usually pay at most $50 for hair, nails and teeth for my dog. Here I paid $80 simply because it took more than one person to calm my dog down. First, maybe you shouldn't hold him down so fiercely and yell. That was a fee I wasn't told about and I refused to pay. The cut was terrible anyway and I now know not to trust a bunch of teens to groom.On the other hand, their staff at the little hospital unit they have their is better and kinder to my dog's needs. He got his shots there and they recommended products for his dental.
3	Pretty standard for a PetSmart.  Clean space, pleasant staff, and it's easy to find what I need for the furball.
4	I love coming here, close to hm, always clean, friendly helpful staff & they always have everything you will ever need for your beloved canine
1	I took my dog here a few times and honestly, I get eerie in taking him here. There was a few times when I watched one of the groomers cut a dogs nails and the dog squealed and that groomer didn't seem to care.  When I looked at the cashier, she said "oh ya they do that all the time." Ummmm ya, dogs don't squeal that loud unless they hurt and I've never seen a dog squeal while having their nails cut by other groomers except by her. I also had to tell the cashier whenever I went there that I did not want that lady who hurt that other dog near mines.  I don't go there anymore because my dog is scared every time I took him there, but I can say that there was ONE time when I felt comfortable leaving my dog there, because there was one groomer that saw how scared my dog was and before cutting his nails n bathing him, she massaged my dog until he was okay.  I tried getting her again to work on my dog but she was always booked or she was off.  My advice is that if you want to take your pet here, be careful of who you leave your dog to. Observe the groomers who take care of your dog.
1	Went into Petsmart this last weekend with my daughter who was interested in getting two frogs. We didn't know much about what was needed and how to care for them. I asked a gentleman to get the frog aquarium down from up top, he did, and I explained we were going to be getting two frogs. He left...didn't come back. Everything down-spiraled from there. People who didn't know anything and were generally rude. If it wasn't for it being her birthday and her excitment I would have never spent $200 here. At least I know better now.
5	Ashleigh is the most amazing trainer! We were so lucky to have our two dogs go through the puppy training! They learned so much.  We looked forward to going to training every Wednesday night.  She is a knowledgeable trainer with a lot of patience and experience!  She was able to give guidance for every issue any of the dogs were having! Every dog in our class improved so much over the six weeks! I'm excited to start our intermediate course! It was worth every cent!  Talk to a trainer and they can get you a $10 off coupon for the training course!
4	We always come here for our Cat Food and Litter. But we leave with that and toys, treats and sometimes another animal :) The staff is always nice and helpful. The store is always clean and does not smell like animal business.They are opened 7 days a week and your welcome to bring your animal shopping with you
5	I recently moved to this side of town. I had heard great things about Blue dog food. My mastiff mix is currently on a Science Diet. An employee named Dave saw me looking at Blue, since I was thinking of switching my dog's food. He gave me the history of Blue and details about the food which confirmed what I had heard. He even got me a cart to put the bags of food in, since I had to get a small bag of hers to transition. Multiple employees also helped. Very friendly place. This will be my new store. Thank you for your great customer service!
5	Ashleigh is the best trainer! I came in to have a puppy orientation with her to go over potty training and other puppy behavior problems and loved her so much I ended up taking the Beginner and Intermediate classes with my dog. He learned all his commands and got to socialize with other dogs and people. Ashleigh is really cool and knowledgeable. On days that I didn't have classes with her and went to the store I would ask her about different issues with my dog and she took time to answer my questions. She has great suggestions on everything from behavior to grooming to health and food. Take a class with her if you can!I have also been taking my dog to Kat at the grooming salon. I absolutely love her. My dog is a brat about his paws and face being touched and she takes the time to work with him and give him a great haircut. Every time I pick him up, he looks and smells great.This location isn't the closest one to me but I go here for Ashleigh and Kat so its worth the drive.
5	Always a great experience. Grooming is on point! Had a nice mohawk done on the small dog- plenty of toys for big power chewers! The cat adoption groups are friendly too :P
5	Everyone is very friendly and helpful in petsmart. Ashleigh is the best pet trainer I have ever experienced. In just two short 6 week periods my boxer was the most well behaved dog ever. She teaches everything from potty training to sitting all the way to loud noise training which really helped for my scaredy-cat boxer. I would defiantly recommend her to all friends and family.
5	People are so damn stupid when it comes to dog grooming. They assume their dogs are perfect and could never do no wrong. I personally know 5 groomers who work and don't work for petsmart and each one has to explain how shitty it is to get a bad dog. Maybe if you folks trained your dogs they would know how to act while getting groomed. I love the review that says the people who work in the grooming department look like trailer trash, how ignorant of you. Shame shame. Anywho! I love this petsmart. They groomed my friends great Pyrenees for me. ( all white dog) he came out looking beautiful. Friendly staff and decent prices.
4	The staff is always very friendly and knowledgable. I have to buy prescription dog food, this store normally has it in stock.When I take Bob, we get to weigh in. So it's like his own little weight watchers meeting.Unfortunately there are dog owners bringing their pets, and don't have control over them. Making it a dangerous situation for both me and my dogs.And I don't know why the employees feel uncomfortable about approaching them and telling them to get their dogs under control.Nothing like a schnauzer having a panic attack because of a poodle with Bonaparte Syndrome. Apple didn't fall far from the tree.
1	I bought a guinea pig from here a couple of months ago. I was so excited because it was my first pet that actually belonged to me. I spent about close to 90 in total for all supplies and the guinea pig. However three days after purchasing the little guy I noticed his ear was peeling with dry skin. IT WAS RINGWORM! I went back to exchange or return him and the sales woman told me that yes he probably had ringworm and that I shouldn't exchange him. She then let me take him home. I returned him a week later because ringworm is highly contagious and I didn't want my two dogs to catch it. This time the cashier told me that the sales woman shouldn't have even let me take him home and that it is petsmarts fault and responsibility to treat. He told me that he would call me when the guinea pig was fully cured. Blow in behold a week later I had ringworm on my arm and while I was treating my ringworm the guinea pig was fully cured an ready to pick up. I didn't want to get him though because I didn't want him to catch it again from me this time! I don't recommend buying guinea pigs from here because the cage was still not clean after I returned my guinea pig. It still had a lot of poop and this was about a 2 week frame. And RINGWORM IS CONTAGIOUS so probably all of the guinea pigs there have it.
1	Wow! This place is horrible. First, it's virtually impossible to get any help from anyone here. When the employees see you walking towards them, they turn and avoid eye contact, hoping you won't bother them. If, by chance, you make contact with them, it is like they are totally bothered for having to help you. I tried to buy a fish tonight. Once we had the fish in a bag, my 9-year old changed her mind and wanted a different fish. When I asked to exchange it, the employee rolled her eyes, smacked her lips and let out a big sigh. It was ridiculous. There is way too many places that want your business-both here in town and online. This kind of crappy customer service will be the death of this company. They are the Circuit City of pet stores.
1	It almost feels like employees run and hide whenever they see a customer walk in the store, this location especially. The customer service is absolutely terrible and it feels as if its a burden to ask anyone for help. Anyways, I went in to buy some fish and tank decor, as soon as I approached the fish section, I already felt unwanted. The older blond lady attending the area didnt even bother to say hello or ask if I needed help.  It was only untill my dad said "hello" that she was obliged to( and when I say obliged, I mean it, this lady just looked miserable to help anyone). So since this was my first time getting fish on my own, I spent 15 min looking around to see what they had, finnally I decided to ask some questions. So I walked up to the lady asking if two certian fish would be compatible, and she just gave the most condescending look and angrily explained why I couldn't mix those types of fish, which she then proceeded to add "Are you sure you have owned fish before?". So from there I asked what kinds of fish she would reccomend being together, and she just looked annoyed and really didn't give an answer. So, still not really sure what to get I spend 5 min trying to find compatible fish and when I finnally do, the lady is no where to be found, "She must have gone somewhere, I'll jusy wait till she gets back." I thought. 8 min passed as im looking through the aisles with NO EMPLOYEES to be found, finally I find one and ask for help, so he paged someone for me. After a long time of waiting someone came to help, (she was more pleasant than that other lady). As shes helping me guess who I see? Yeah...that lady. Completely avoiding eye contact with me, it's cool you know, leaving so you don't need to help me. That's okay, I would rather eat nails for breakfast than to deal with you, or anyone at Petsmart ever again....oh wait, you would actually need employees on the sales floor to even have someone to deal with. :-)
1	Absolute HORRIBLE service! I asked for assistance in getting a ferret and no one helped me. My boyfriend wanted new fish and the woman was very rude. She seemed to have shaken the bag of the 3 fish he got and gave a rude two cents on the tank he was going to put them in. Never come to this location. There is no help and rude service. The only one who did their job and gave EXCELLENT customer service was Justin. He asked us how we were and if we needed help. We had already been helped but he striked up conversation and made our experience WAY better. If you need help and you have the unfortunate event that you're near this location, ask Justin for help. He's awesome!
