2	As we were making the long trek from the end of the E terminal to B, we saw the Fox Sports Bar and Grill with the basketball (college tournament that is) games on the many televisions.  So since it was the beginning of a long lay-off, we shared an appetizer of fried calamari.   The waiter brought out our dish and what we saw was calamari on a bed of lettuce.   It was ok.  Service was disappointing.  He didn't come to check on us -- I had wave him down to ask for more sauce and salad dressing.
2	This restaurant is the only "real" one at the E Concourse in the Charlotte Airport. So I ate there, although I detest the Fox TV Channel which apparently supports this place.  I had the Turkey Applewood Bacon Ciobatta for $10.29. It's shown in the picture - the smoked turkey & cheese are hiding under the lettuce. The service was pleasant, but slow. Fortunately, I had plenty of time between flights. The meal was fine and not too large. Vacillating between 2 & 3 stars, I gave it 2, because it's Fox. Sorry!
1	bad service, bad food.it took aaaages after i sat down to have the waitress come by and take my order. after that, something told me this place wouldn't be good; so i went with an easy standard: a cheeseburger. i asked for extra tomatoes, no bbq sauce, and a bit of mayonnaise on the side. my burger came with a sole slice of tomato, no mayonnaise on the side, and in a puddle of bbq sauce. the fries seemed as though they were boiled instead of fried. i sincerely hope this wasn't the normal experience here, but all i can go on is what happened to me. it would be worth your while to find another place to eat if you're in clt.eric b
3	Yum steak salad!!Boo bad service :(
4	Definitely not as bad as some of the reviews suggest.The best part of this airport restaurant is the location. It's right there and has a great crowd and the seating is spread out, with many large screen tvs. And the food wasn't too shabby either. I'd go back. The mac n cheese was good - missing some breadcrumbs, but whatev. And the salad was yummy. The sandwiches were ordered were good too.But the highlight and memorable item.... all sandwiches come with fries, onion rings, or..... FRIED ZUCCHINI STICKS. yum! perfect and crispy, with a great dipping sauce. Perfect sports bar item.Service wasn't bad for us - slow perhaps - but the workload our server had was incredible. One man for the entire outer area seating, way too much for him, but he managed it well and was nice too.
3	had dinner here and ordered the bbq burger and a beer.Don't feel bad if they id you--they id everyone....i mean EVERYONE.... the food wasn't anything special. The service was a bit neglectful, but I wasn't necessarily in a hurry, so it didn't matter. Quite simply, it's a place to have a quick bite, maybe a beer before heading out to your terminal.
5	This is a perfectly fine stop when you've got some time on a layover. Portions are good, they know how to handle busy travelers, and I find the service friendly and helpful. Menu is decent too. You can do a lot worse as far as airport food goes.
4	This restaurant is located in the Charlotte/Douglas International Airport.  I decided to get a quick bite between connections and was pleasantly surprised. The restaurant was very crowded and I was fortunate to get a table without a wait.  I ordered the crab cakes with potato wedges.  They have a pretty nice menu, comfortable atmosphere with several televisions to keep you entertained.  Service was good and the food was good as well.  Overall, good place to spend time between connections.
4	Waitress was great! Knew how to greet! Fries cold and not seasoned as stated but she fixed it!
4	As far as airport restaurants go, this place is on-point!  I liked the location, in the middle of three major terminals.  The menu was full of great selections and the service was quick to take my order.  The seafood bisque was dynamite!  If ever back in Charlotte (hopefully for a race...) I will be hitting-up the Fox Sports Bar and Grill, who knows- maybe Terry Bradshaw might be there!!
1	My family and I just ate at the Fox sports bar and experienced the most awful meal of our entire vacation. Everything was like it was out of a can or frozen bag. In fact, I've had better from cans and bags. Definitely eat anywhere else. Walk little further and you'll have many more (and much better) choices).
2	At the airport they give you the extra service taking pictures of your peas and carrots, molesting your kids with magnetic wands and you get to pay hundreds of dollars for the pleasure. The least they could do to make up for all the "free" groping is give you some food that makes you forget about your PTSD not add to it.I decided to slum at Fox and drink a Bud Lite, it tastes like frog piss, but the food matches at least.  What the hell is a hamburger; bread, meat, cheese. How can an airport restaurant mess up something like a hamburger; well they could serve it cold and make sure that the meat tastes like ground cow testicles. They could add fries that tastes like four day old grease left in a deep fat fryer not bother to season them. We all know what a pain it must be for the "chefs" here to use a little wrist action and season the fries with the shot with salt and pepper. I know when I'm jet lagged I always love 90's music and shit beer.
2	Good for a drink. Food was horrible but the waiter was fast so I was able to get in and out fast.
4	A layover in Charlotte means that I occasionally get thirsty. Especially when I fly with US Airways. This called for a beer, not a five course meal or a snack that would be hit or miss, I did not want to take a chance. All I wanted was a beer. Nothing more, nothing less..."The Good"- The staff was polite, both the server and the bartender were in great moods and it passed along to the travelers.- The beer arrived very fast and was cold... All was well with the world. :)"The Meh"- Nothing meh to comment on."The Bad"- Nothing bad to comment on either.
2	The best part of this place is you can catch the game on one of their half dozen flat screens. The beers are your basic beers you'll find in all airports, from Sam Adams to Heineken. I ordered the nachos with chili on it. I should have just ordered some nachos, and then ordered a bowl of chili and dumped it all over the nachos, drowning out all flavoring and toppings of the rest of the nachos, because that's what happened. I really want to rate this place 2 stars, but I think the servers here were very, very nice and ya know what? That counts for something. Oh, and the prices are outrageous. Yeah, I'm changing the rating back down to a 2.
2	Busy airport eatery.  Nuff said.
1	I'm scared. There just was a spider crawling on my table, and I witnessed a server use a USED customers napkin to wipe the table. Thank God I'm just having a glass of wine... Which took me 15 minutes to order, by the way.  Waiter clearly hates his job. Unless you have ZERO options at this airport, don't come here.  Actually...just don't come here.  Wish I could give zero stars.
2	During a very long layover here at Charlotte's Douglass Airport, I decided to check this place out because I did not want to leave the property.Top 40 on the speakers as you walk in, (one would expect to hear a feed of ANY sports station here) and a number of tv's tuned to all sorts of sports. pulled up seat at the bar, greeted with a smile and ordered a Stella... It came cold and quick.The atmosphere is not impressive. The bar smells like a dorm room and the walls are noticeably dirty.I ordered a mushroom Swiss burger, I came before I could put the menu down... Scary... The burger was good, the onion rings ok, the pickle sad at best.Bill was $32 bucks with burger and two stellas... In summary if you are looking for a quick bite and a beer this is informal here you go... On an airport food scale 5 out of 10.Guess that shows where our standards are at...
3	I travel through Charlotte frequently on business when flying US Airways.  During my last trip home on May 3rd and had a 2 hour layover at dinnertime, so decided to have a bite to eat.  I have eaten at the Fox Sports Bar more than once before and have always had a good experience.  This visit the food was good, as usual, but I have never had such poor service.  I don't know why, but my waiter (Matthew) never once checked back with me to see how my food was or if I wanted anything else.  If he had, I would have ordered another drink.  I had to chase him down to get my check.  After I asked for my check, making it a point to say that I needed to get to my gate to board, he swept under the table right next to me before bringing me my check. I wouldn't go as far as to say don't eat there.  The food is good.  But, if your waiter's name is Matthew ask for someone else.
3	Yes it's overpriced and understaffed. IT'S THE AIRPORT
4	I thought it was weird that they were out of draft beer when I was there, and yes, the prices were not the best - something I can't stand about airport places.  But for me this gets four stars because it has basically everything I want from an airport bar - multiple large TVs, some with subtitles, NFL Network, massive bar area, decentish choice of beers, and a menu featuring many of my favorites including loaded potato skins, pulled pork and onion rings.When I was here, I actually got the seafood bisque soup, a Guiness and a bottle of some craft Hefeweizen.  The beers were pretty good and I was really surprised at how tasty the soup was!  It came with a nice big lump of sour cream and featured small scallops and shrimp and was creamy and piping hot.  I devoured it.  It was quite unexpected to find such a delicious soup in an airport pub bar.Anyway, I found myself wishing they had something like this at Dulles or DCA because I am not in Charlotte airport very much.  This might be up there as one of my favorite airport bars ever?  Anyway, if you are in the "E" terminal in Charlotte or closeby, I definitely suggest spending your waiting time here.  I was pretty pleased.
1	This is the worst bar in the airport, and possibly the worst in the state.  I've twice now sat at the bar for more than 5 minutes without being offered a drink, so I just get up and leave.  The service isn't that bad (it's not good either) when you get a table, but the food is awful, and the prices for the awful food are horrendous even for an airport.  My advice?  Avoid this place...
1	Don't come if you're in a hurry, food is sub par & messed up our orders a few times!
1	There is no seasoning on the "seasoned fries". They did not give me a pickle spear as promised. The bacon is pre-cooked. Not impressed
3	Just had the fish&chips.  The fish was fine - crispy and not at all greasy.  It IS the only full service bar / restaurant in Concourse E, so it definitely could benefit from a little competition.
