2	I only went here for live jazz, although the music was great, the place isn't really setup with the best acoustic.  The food was average, the neighborhood a little dicey.
5	Loved this place! Went last night...a Thursday night. The house was full with an ethnic mix of people mainly 40 and up. The crowd was relaxed. The food was great & well priced. I had Cajun fish with greens & black eyed peas($10.95)...YUMMY! The greens were just like I am used to at home in Alabama! My Beau got the steak with 2 sides as well for $13.95. We each had 2 drinks & the bill totaled about $50.00.The jazz was amazing. Full live band. A lady performed Nina Simone...my favorite!
2	This review is based on two visits to CJ's:I gave this place two stars exclusively for their support of jazz; I appreciate that they're helping to keep Pittsburgh's legendary jazz scene alive.   Based on first visit to CJ's, I found the food to be average, nothing spectacular, but solid and well priced.  The interior was uninteresting but comfortable enough, and the service was average.  The second time I went, however, I found out the hard way that they have a strictly enforced dress code that is pretentious and ridiculous.  I wore dark jeans, shirt, sweater, new converses and a leather jacket, but due to my "tennis shoes" the greeter refused to seat me and told me that I (and by default my friend) had to leave.  Specifically, I was told that I could wear - for example - sweatpants, but that tennis shoes or sneakers were strictly forbidden.  (Perhaps next time I should pair baggy sweatpants with dress shoes; I would certainly be a stylish addition to their clientele!)  They also have a sign saying that one must be thirty or older to enter, which is simply absurd (especially since an important part of keeping jazz alive is engaging younger players and fans).   Management seriously needs to lighten up; CJ's is not the type of place where such arbitrary rules should be enforced so strictly.Bottom line: go for the Thursday night jam session, but plan your outfit accordingly.
4	Checked this place at night a few years ago... an original & authentic scene for live jazz.  A classy low light ambiance to this as well. This is a local's spot, so don't be touristy.
2	This is a bit of a social club, in that most people here all know each other. They have a "30 and over" age limit to keep boozing youths out (note, I am 26 at the writing of this; our friend got us in) and a "no jeans, no sneakers" dress code that is loosely enforced (I saw people in jeans and shorts).The venue isn't particularly interesting. They have some interesting art pieces on the walls but other than that, it's plain white walls all round and cheap furniture.The waitresses aren't particularly informed but they are friendly. The drinks are mixed light on the alcohol so your best bet is to get a shot of something (which is REALLY CHEAP, btw).
5	If you are a jazz addict like myself (youtube.com/drfbm) you'll discover that the best Jazz in the World (mostly homegrown) is at CJ's every Saturday w\Tony Campbell's Jazz Surgery from 6:00 to 8:30PM and then followed often by international Jazz stars 9:00 to 12:30 AM!  The food is great and reasonably priced, great parking lot and the help and the crowd is super friendly. I've been going there for years and it just seems to keep getting better!! sincerely, Dr Francis Bruce Marion, BS, DCPS There is also a good variety of music there other days of the week!
4	Nice jazz and atmosphere., not sure about other reviews.  nicer then preservation hall (though you can't beat the history there.) Service was great. highly recommend.
