5	I had two hours of deep tissue with Melissa yesterday.  She is FANTASTIC!   It's so hard to find a massage therapist that does good, deep, thorough work.  She did a fabulous job and will have a regular customer out of me!
4	Massage packages: 5 1-hr massages for $200 or 3 for $135Located in quiet business park just south of the Kierland shopping center, this business can be difficult to find.  I was happy with the availability of appointments and the ease of getting an appointment.  My therapist was professional and thorough.  I plan on purchasing a package of 3 during my next visit to take advantage of the package discount
4	I've now had 2 massages at the Kierland Massage Club, both great and relaxing. I prefer a relaxing and soothing massage, that is what I wanted and that is what I got. If you need a more intense deep tissue massage then let the receptionist know when you book your appt. They have several masseuses at this location that do the full range of massage depending upon what you need - just communicate. The staff is very nice as well and have accommodated my requests to have 2 simultaneous appts. booked so my husband and I can go at the same time. A couple tips...1. A 30 minute massage just isn't enough - splurge for the hour long at minimum.2. If you have an eye mask bring it along... just helps to increase the relaxation by blocking out more light during your massage.3. Bring a big bottle of water with you - you'll need it after the massage.4. If you have long hair and some oil gets into it... let it say there overnight if you can. I couldn't believe how soft my hair was the next day after doing this.5. Parking may seem like an issue when you arrive but they actually have underground parking here so keep that in mind if you can't find a spot at first.
5	One of the best places in the valley to get a massage. I highly recommend Kierland Massage club! Justyina is one of the best massage therapists I have ever had in my life. The Staff is helpful and friendly and Dr Scott is wonderful, If you are looking for a great Chrio.
4	I went to kmc for a 90 min groupon massage. I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 based on the lack of greeting at reception. The receptionist only said "name?" when I walked in. No "hi! How are you doing?" I found it pretty off putting and rude. My massage was 5 stars, however. Tiffany was amazing and my deep tissue massage was perfect. Will definitely be back and hope for a better greeting next time.
4	Andrea gave me a great massage and my back soreness was eliminated the next day. Great job and relaxing experience.  Thank you!
3	I've gone to the Kierland Massage Club three times, with mixed experiences.First VisitThought I'd give this place a chance with their Groupon deal. Massage: One word - blissful. Jasmine, my therapist, is highly recommended.Receptionist: Unpleasant demeanor, and a hard sell for their club membership.Overall experience: 4/5. I was excited to return with a "special one time offer" they sold me as I was leaving. Second VisitMassage: Disappointing. The therapist did not convey relaxation - it seemed like she was in a rush, and her tone of voice was abrupt. She had Pandora playing on a new age/relaxation station, and the frequent "Hi this is Kelly Clarkson, you're listening to Pandora" interludes were quite jarring. It also seemed like my therapist fell asleep at one point?! She was massaging my feet and suddenly stopped for a period of time, then started up again. I don't recall the therapist's name, but I probably wouldn't post it if I did. Receptionist: Unpleasant demeanor, but did not try to sell me a membership.Overall experience: 1/5. Wish I had requested Jasmine. I don't plan to return.Third VisitI was convinced to try again from a great email offer they sent me. I made an appointment a month in advance, specifically requesting Jasmine.Massage: I arrived to discover I had been re-booked with a different therapist. Given my last experience, I was hesitant to try someone new, but decided to give it a chance. My therapist Kara was sweet and gave a good massage, so that turned out OK, but I found it very unprofessional to re-book me without any prior notice. I'm also fairly certain the sheets on the massage table hadn't been changed - there was lint and hairs all over them (short hairs and long hairs). The sheet over the face pad was especially nasty looking, causing me to turn it over; I tried not to breathe into it during the massage.Receptionist: Apologetic for the scheduling mix up. Soft sell for a membership.Overall experience: 2.5/5 (the massage itself is a 4/5, but the rest of the experience was disappointing)So now the question is - will I give them yet another chance? Perhaps.....if they give me a really REALLY good offer. I just figure there's too many other massage places to go that could offer a better experience.
4	I am writing this review specifically because my therapist Kara was so awesome.  I've had a lot of massage and this was one of the best ever.   I tried this place from their Groupon.  The receptionist was pretty "meh" but the massage was great.
5	First time here. My experience was amazing. I used to be a member at Massage Envy for 3 years and cancelled my membership because it was extremely hard to get in at times that worked to me. I had Eddie and he was GREAT! Probably one of the better massages I've ever had. My massage was therapeutic and relaxing. Their member program is AMAZING. Way better than massage envy and you can share your massages with friends. I HIGHLY recommend going here. I will definitely be returning to Eddie.
5	I am a member here, which is totally worth the money.  Every time I go here, I have had a different massage therapist. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM IS FANTASTIC!  I have never had less than a wonderful massage there.  They also occasionally run specials, which makes it even more affordable.  They also have appointments pretty much all day Saturdays and Sundays, which makes it really convenient.  I love this place and will continue to go on a regular basis.
5	This is the BEST Massage and Chiropractic place I have ever been to and I have had many Chiropractors and Massage Therapists.  All of the therapists are really amazing and in the last 7 months of going almost every week, I have never had a massage that didn't either relax or work those muscles.  I am so impressed.  My place for a lifetime!
1	If you are  pregnant and looking to relax  with a massage, go somewhere else!! They are not equipped with a prenatal table. You get to lie on your side which isn't relaxing.   My therapist was so all over the place she had me switching sides 4 times in 50 min. Even if it was a good massage there would have been no time to relax.
5	They are amazing here! Such great massages for a great price!! I would highly recommend them they are great!!!
