4	Total dive bar.  Tiny.  Shock Top on tap, however...an unexpected surprise!  Will be going back to play some pool or shuffleboard.
4	Karaoke Friday is hilarious! Drinks are really reasonable; $3.25 for Shock Top on draft, and $5 for a premium drink is awesome! Clientele is friendly, as is the staff. Love it here.
4	Ahhhh the Rum Runner! I have to say from the minute my brother and I walked in a few months back, we were greeted by Cindy the bartender and Deb, one of the owners. Since then it has become " our" local hangout. Great owners, great patrons, great bartenders, and great prices, plus the added bonus is the happy hour food everyday!If you read between the lines on this place, tons of everyday locals hang here, and on any given evening just check out the cars in the parking lot, that will tell you all you need to know about the patrons and their place in the social setting of life!Love you all,Todd and Erik
2	Putting a young inexperienced barfly like Ashley on Sat night karaoke is a waste of time and resources.
4	Fun little dive bar, one pool table, one shuffleboard table, and many regulars.  We went on karaoke night (Saturday) and played pool.  I was a bit weirded out by a regular who couldn't keep his eyes off me. I was told they have goldfish races, hence the tank full of them!  It apparently is a great time. Fun night, everyone was friendly and welcoming. It was also an unusually eventful night. Fire truck, ambulance and a car  backing into the fire truck!  Whew!
5	Cool little neighborhood bar. Lots of friendly people and the staff is great. The karaoke host, Sharon, is awesome. The drinks are reasonably priced and you can actuality taste the alcohol. The bartenders are very Friendly and attentive. Check it out.
5	After a fabulous dinner at Timo Wine Bar, we've had enough delicious wine and wood-fired fare and we always know that Rum Runner's is the obvious next stop! Not only is it affordable and always a great time, but the staff is friendly and the patrons are amusing. You always feel welcome and at home here.  We love to come for karaoke on Wednesday and Saturday. This the best failsafe nightcap spot in Sunnyslope.  See you here soon! Wear a wig!
