5	I have had mixed thoughts about my experience at Xavier ever since attending and graduating. I can definitely see how it is not for everyone. Girls can be mean and gossipy, the work is tough, commuting from North Scottsdale was both tiresome and exciting. All Catholic school girl rumors aside the education that you receive from Xavier is priceless, it took me going to college to really value and appreciate my education from there. The best thing to take away from here is the ability to study and critical thinking skills, all of which made college a breeze.Even after college I continue to value Xavier. Flipping through the alumni magazine and reading up on old classmates keeps me inspired to keep learning and bettering myself. So many girls have gone to grad school and/or have great careers ahead of them. Or they living all over the world either working or volunteering. Nowhere else can you find so many people having such great experiences. If not starting a great career, then they are starting great families.Xavier is timeless. If I were ever to relocate back to AZ my children would be attending either Xavier or Brophy. Xavier made me who I am today, and probably saved me from slipping through the cracks in a public school setting. P.S. Mr. Diana & Miss Grimes were my favorites...but there were many others!
5	I totally agree with L.C.'s review.  Going to XCP made college seem like a breeze.  Yes, there were the typical high school dramatics, but I feel like the teachers were able to take a harder line on discipline, since they weren't in fear of getting in hot water with the public school district.  I had an overall great experience here, and I love meeting people all over the country that have gone to Xavier.  My last flight home, the person in the seat next to me went there, and we had tons of people/things to chat about.  It's fun to see where everyone has ended up, and it is fun to get together with fellow alums for drinks here in Chicago, and when I am back home in AZ.  I think it is so sad that the girls don't get to do freshman swimming, sophomore dances, or go to dockers anymore - those were some defining moments of my XCP career.  I don't know much about other private schools cropping up in the growing valley, but if I had kids, they would be headed to Xavier and Brophy!
5	Another "here I am, thanking you for this later" review that would make my mom absolutely pleased as punch to see.The education is unmatched, the teachers are passionate, and I am so very proud of my vocabulary.I didn't make any "lasting friendships" and I'm not really one to take advantage of nepotism, so I don't foresee any incredible networking opportunities stemming from my high school education, but I really got to experience some wonderful things at an appropriate age.The most important factor of my education here was the integrated empowerment. This comes innately with most same-sex educations, but Xavier really encourages the girls to become strong women.If I do have kids in the Phoenix area, they will go either here or to Brophy.
