2	With the more recent economic downturn and the price of gas sky high, my days of Whole Foods Market are over. So for the last month or so Ive been shopping at *gulp* Fry's. They offer some organic foods as well as really low prices but, when I leave I just don't feel good about it. Maybe its just the perception of shopping greener at Whole Foods. Knowing that if they can, WF will source as local as possible. That's always a feel good! When I leave Fry's I just feel dirty, the kind of dirty a shower can't wash off of you. This particular store is about 2 miles from where I live but looks like it was built when my condo was built in 1972. At least my place has been updated recently.. however of the few Fry's Ive shopped at, this one has the most in store specials Ive seen and is never crowded.So whether I like it or not, Fry's will be in my foreseeable future. Unless of course gas comes back down to 2.50 a gallon.. oh those were the days. Now please excuse me so I can curl up fetal style in the shower.
2	If you're into freaks and geeks and toothless people with gnarly effing B.O., this Fry's is your place.No joke.Go to Sunflower instead. Or at least Safeway. It's probably . . . safer. Really. After moving to Arizona I learned (at Fry's) why all the Costcos have big signs in the front that read, "NO GUNS".  One night at Fry's some dirty, creepy, smelly kook started talking to us in line.  When he turned around to walk out, we noticed a huge fuc&ing .45 on his waist!  WTF is up with AZ gun laws?! And WTF is up with Fry's? Are they trying to win an award for biggest dump of a grocery store?I think you can become addicted to crystal meth by default just by walking through this store!
3	I have been shopping at this Fry's as well as another  one off of Shea and 92nd St for over 10 years now. I have to say the Fry's on Indian School is way over due for an internal remodel  of the  whole store. The bathrooms are not ones to use unless you do not mind using a dirty, very lightly cleaned bathroom. The produce is  overpriced compared to Sunflower's that is right up the road and less than 1/2 mile. The customer service desk staff has always been a bit grouchy or rude but I go to purchase money orders and they are 50 cents a piece so I go to  Fry's rather than my bank for these. They have some staff that has worked there for years and is friendly to customers. You can run into weirdo's there like one other poster I noticed exclaimed but you will run into some crazy people just about anywhere nowadays.
2	Attention South Scottsdale:Fry's Grocery store looking for customers.  Must meet at least one of the following criteria, preferably more than one:1)  Willard Scott must have wished you a Happy Birthday at least once.2)  You must prefer to ride around on a motorized cart not because you are disabled, but because you are at a comfortable weight of 350 lbs.3)  Must be willing to hold up the pharmacy line for an eternity discussing every ailment you and your cousin Ethel have ever had, and have no knowledge of insurance whatsoever.4)  You must steer your cart as bad as you do your Buick in the parking lot.5)  Must consider the middle of a shopping aisle a suitable place for social interaction and bingo.6)  You must be a cheap ass and appreciate Fry's prices are lower than nearby markets.Sadly, I fall into the latter category.  See you next week Fry's.
3	i can walk/ride my bike to this fry's. i like it because i can use my old Kroger card from back in GA. they have good prices, usually cheaper than safeway, but the produce is more expensive than the sunflower just up the road. it's just....well, this fry's needs some serious updating. ABSOLUTELY NO ONE puts their shopping carts away (but that goes for every store in Arizona). they can't even bother to walk 8 seconds back to the front of the store to put them away. but my biggest gripe about here is the clientele. this is old folks central. don't ever try going on a tuesday (or any mid-week day, between 8am and 4pm). they clutter the aisles, aimlessly staring at labels at products, unable to hear you approach or shout out "excuse me" for 5 minutes. and checks...it takes an elderly person at least 25 minutes to write a check. and forget using debit or credit....it's way too "new-fangled". they must have the highest rental of motorized carts here because they are everywhere during the mid-day/mid-week. but what i love best about this fry's is it has character. i don't know where they find the cashiers, baggers, shopping cart collectors, or cleaners, but they are terrific. always friendly and they actually remember you and god forbid....talk to you...in scottsdale. how about that.
2	This place is G-H-E-T-T-O.  Ug,  I hate when my wife needs something late at night and this Fry's is my only resort.  Not to speculate, but I once saw a police van confiscating boxes of meat on a Saturday afternoon.  Maybe they were having a function, maybe the meat was bad.  I am not sure. I do know however, their meat sucks!  No butcher here so I am not sure where it's packaged.  Also alot of their prepared food looks horrible and terribly un fresh.  I have nothing against Fry's but this one needs to shut down and soon.
2	I wish they'd invest some money and make this a Fry's Marketplace. They don't have a great selection of items so I usually end of going to Safeway's, Albertson's or Basha's to pick up other items. But as usual in Fry's, they have super friendly employees! So five starts for them for that!
3	I think maybe it is because this is an older store but I'm not super impressed with this Frys's compared to others. Having said that, I still frequent this store and I will go here over Basha' any day of the week. The store seems to be stocked adequetly and the customer service is good. Not great, not horrible either.
3	Definitely not the nicest Fry's I have been to but they always have the best prices on alcohol and a Redbox. I only come here for those two things. :)
5	Good prices and deals. Also good location..
1	Don't ever use the pharmacy here unless and want your prescription to never be ready when you need it.  They are all in a shitty mood and always tell me that they need more staff and are over their heads in work.  The deli counter makes me nervous that they never clean the slicer or the tub of meat that they use to cut the plastic off the boars head packaging for every meat.... Nasty. I do go here for TP and soda only because it 1/2 mile from my place.
3	It's not one of the fancy new sparkly clean Frys, but it'll do for a few items like cereal, dairy, and coffee. They recently renovated the produce section so it does look  a lot nicer, although I still find their produce prices higher than the Sprouts down the street. Their organic section is pretty small too. I do find their wine selection to be pretty good. They seem to always get new labels in and if you buy 6 bottles or more they offer an additional savings. Can't beat that!
2	I don't normally review grocery stores but if your looking for a good flower department go elsewhere (Shea & 92nd St.). The flower lady is a miserable human being to deal wiith. Just miserable. One of those people that can easily ruin your day.
3	I've passed this store many times and strangely only recently dropped in for the first time.  I was on my way to meet a client for a meeting and noticed I left my eye drops at home, so I needed to buy some before my meeting.I dropped in here to pick up eyedrops and ended up doing some shopping.  The store is organized well and the products that were strategically positioned on the end caps and main aisles caught my attention.  I ended up buying some snacks for the office....doh, they got me again!Fry's - 1, Me - 0Return Factor - 75%
3	It's a grocery store.  I usually do not crow or boo them either way unless they really go above and beyond or they really screw up. Fry's generally has a good selection of most basic items and it is one of the better priced supermarkets (generally speaking.)
5	Not much to say, I absolutely love this Fry's. The associates are always kind and professional. They always remind you to use your Fry's card. Produce is always fresh. Prices compared to Albertson's are obvious savings.
3	This is one of the older Fry's in the Valley and I understand its going to be completely renovated in the near future. There's nothing really wrong with this store except it feels a bit dated, so I will be looking forward to the renovation.As it currently stands, parking is convenient, the store has an excellent selection of merchandise, and the customer service is friendly and plentiful. Once they renovate this store I have no doubt it will become another five-start Fry's location.
2	I don't have any need to really use this store too often being that I live right by the Fry's on McDowell.  Although sometimes if it's on my way home it's a bit more convenient.  With that being said...I think this place is like a historical landmark at this point.  It's super tiny and quite outdated.  If you're looking for anything out of the norm that you couldn't find at a 1950's piggly wiggly, odds are it's also not here.  Everyone is friendly.  And to be quite honest, I kind of like that it's small.  It tends to make trips much shorter than they normally are. I have never been here and felt like it was overly crowded.  Which that's either because I go at strange times or people tend to avoid it.  Either way, with it's size you'd think it would always feel packed.  I'm sure that I will continue to use it out of convenience.  I have never felt that it was dirty or unkempt.  As I said, the staff is friendly and it's a bit nice that it's easy to find things due to it's size. :)
1	They get one star only because I can't give them zero....poor layout, dirty floors and shelves. The deli is scantily stocked, but that's OK because you really don't want to eat the carb-and-fat ladened processed "food" they sell here. The manager is a total jerk. Why shop here and have your hard earned bucks sent to cincinnasty (home of Krogers evil empire corporate HQ??). Bashas down Indian School is a far better option.
2	Whoooo... needs a remodel and some better fresh food options.  Felt like I was trapped in the 1980s.Oddly, at 3pm, I was the only person not buying massive quantities of alcohol.  Must be a good deal at this Fry's.
2	I ran into this store for a couple of things this morning, but first I needed to use the restroom. I went in and as I was using the toilet to pee, an employee came in to use the urinal. After he was done he splashed water on his hands and and turned to exit. I asked him"are'nt you going to use soap?" He replied " why! my dick aint dirty, is yours you should wash your hands. that kind of treatment to a customer is completely out of line , especially since it is posted right by the sink. ALL EMPLOYEES MUST WAS THEIR HANDS BEFORE RETURNING TO WORK.   I reported this to the store manager (Chris Berryman). and this was his response. "ya so, he's a truck driver, he's not my employee, and its none of your business what he did in the bathroom.If he thinks its ok to talk to a customer that way, then he needs to be fired. there is plenty of people looking for work that would not act like that. FYI, the urinal is mounted so high on the wall, when you use it  the urine splatters back on you. a good reason why you should wash your hands.
2	Good place to get whatever you want, fast in and out.  Good thing they have a bank inside, but I've heard rumors that the bank is closing soon.  So they really need to do some remodeling before this place die like a Bashas' stores in Arizona.
3	I've had a few experiences in fry's. Never have I been blown away. It's a grocery store, they have the things I need but I've never been wowed. I've really never been anything but completely neutral about Fry's. It is nothing more than an errand. Just once I'd love to see an employee that seems to be having a great day, someone who seems to truly love what they do. I know it sounds weird to expect an employee at fry's to love what they do but why not? But honestly, for produce I'd rather go here than any Safeway. The prices at right and everything seems to be pretty fresh. The floors are swept and there are employees around if I ever got terribly lost and really needed someone to help me find my way. The only thing that would really make this place somewhere I'd look forward to going to is superior customer service. I want to feel like it matters to them if I (or anyone) shop there at all.
4	I have friends nearby. Fry's has chips and beer. Match made in Heaven. The staff here rocks, they even help me empty my cart. This store was redone a year or two ago, now has sushi bar in there, if you call it that. You can eat at the cafe in the corner, if that's your thing. You won't find me there.
3	Pretty average Fry's and why do they not make every Fry's a signature store? It really strikes of an economic and financial situation of the neighborhood apparently. The signature stores are ten times better than the normal stores, so unless you live in a high earning zipcode, expect to travel to get the better items. I do like the fresh pulled chicken breast here, but otherwise, nothing to see here really.
1	The condition of the women's bathroom was so bad that I left the store rather than continue my shopping.  I know the store is older and in need of renovation, but there's no excuse for a really dirty bathroom in a place where food is handled and sold.  I'm not returning to this store until it has a makeover - or at least until that bathroom is sparkling.
