5	BEST COMBO OF SERVICE AND SELECTION IN CENTRAL IL.  BROWNE'S FINE JEWELRY WILL MAKE YOUR DIAMOND BUYING EXPERIENCE A POSITIVE ONE!  HERE IS WHY I THINK THAT:Although I now live in Chicago (I used to live in Champaign), a friend of mine recommended I check out Browne's Fine Jewelry.  I am so grateful for that tip as Browne's was the best customer service experience I had out of the 12+ jewelers I went to looking for an engagement ring.  Right away upon entering Browne's I was greeted by one Browne's sales staff, Andrea Laird.  Her sales style was HELPFUL AND FRIENDLY VS the cocky and aggressive style of most other jeweler's sales staff. Andrea addressed all of my questions (I had ALOT of them) on the 4 Cs of diamonds, post purchase benefits, ring settings, trade in value of diamonds I had from other places, financing options, etc in a very INFORMATIVE and BELIEVABLE way.  At OTHER JEWELERS I had visited, their sales staff would talk down to me when I asked these type of questions or give me answers that did not seem believeable.Browne's great customer service extended to email inquiries which were ALWAYS answered in less than 24 hours.  While shopping at Browne's, I noticed how many customers  knew the entire sales staff by name and appeared VERY HAPPY with their diamond purchases! I was very IMPRESSED with Browne's diamond selection as it rivaled the Chicago jewelry stores I had visited.  The sparkle factor on their diamonds I looked at was high quality!   As a guy, if you are looking to impress your significant other with a diamond that she can proudly show off to her friends, BROWNE'S IS THE PLACE TO GO!  Their competitive prices and financing options make Browne's diamonds VERY AFFORDABLE for the HIGH QUALITY you are receiving.  As mentioned before, each and every one of Browne's sales staff was very helpful with customers coming in the door.  This type of service was UNIQUE to Browne's vs other jewelers I had visited.  Since I worked with Andrea the most, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND ANDREA for anyone looking for a knowledgeable, friendly, and thorough salesperson!  BIG CITY DIAMOND QUALITY AND SELECTION WITH GREAT LOCAL FAMILY OWNED SERVICE!
5	Browne's gets 5 stars from me for going above and beyond.. Plus, they'll continue to have our business in the future. So.. I got married! Yay! .. Last minute! Yay! :)We planned our wedding for somewhere between six weeks (when we first thought, hey! let's get married in the backyard!) and three weeks (when we actually started calling around for catering, ordering favors, etc.). In that short, frantic time, we kept thinking, "Hmm. We should get rings." We shopped a bit here and there, looking at places like amazon.com, Kohl's, Macy's, etc, trying to find something simple. I love not spending money on jewelry, but both of us like shopping locally. So we ended up going to Browne's the Tuesday before the Sunday wedding. Lisa at Browne's helped us choose rings, find the right sizes, etc. She told us she'd have them in by Friday.Friday comes. My ring is in, but his isn't. So instead of leaving us out to dry, as rightfully they should've done, since we were SO last minute on the whole thing, Lisa stepped up to the plate. She called the company for us, and they overnighted a similar ring in my boyfriend's (husband's!) size for us to use at the ceremony on Sunday. Which we did, and it was beautiful. Monday, she called us as promised as soon as his actual ring was in. We swapped the overnighted ring for his actual ring, and it's perfect.We're exceptionally pleased with both rings. The prices were good, considering the current market for gold. I am so, so grateful to Browne's, Lisa especially, for their outstanding customer service and problem solving skillz. Like I said, we'll be back!
5	Skip the chain stores! Browne's is the best.  Andrea Laird is the most relaxed, informative and helpful sales associate. She was amazing at helping us choose a setting for our 100 year old diamond, and I have the most unique and beautiful ring I ever could have imagined. She even had pictures taken of the mountings I liked so I could send them to my sister three states away!They only stock one or two of each setting, so you can be sure no one else has the same ring!Their goldsmith is in house, so i was wearing my ring within days of picking everything out! Within about three months of buying the ring, I caught it on something and damaged one of the prongs. I brought it in, and Andrea was again amazingly helpful. Instead of sending it out for a lazer weld that could take weeks, she overnighted a new mounting, and I had the ring back in two days. I've never been to any other jewelry store with such a knowledgeable and helpful staff, and such a unique and high quality inventory. I will definitely be a customer of theirs for anything I ever need in the future.
5	I cannot say enough good things about Browne's. I've been married for 4 years now, engaged for over 5. Every year on our wedding anniversary I take my ring in and they clean it and inspect it. Well today, I went in to have them inspect the settings on my wedding band and engagement ring. They found a loose diamond! I left my rings with them. They are going to fix the loose diamond, IN HOUSE of course, and have it back to me in a day or two. Oh, and they are replating it! How much does it cost? Nothing. And I have to wait up to two days? I'll take it! They felt bad that it'd take even that long but they have a lot of jobs lined up. If I had gone to a big chain, I know I would have to wait a lot longer to get my rings back. They take care of their jewelry and their customers. They are friendly, SUPER knowledgeable and all jewelry work is done right there at the store. Their selection and quality would be hard to find anywhere else in town. I can promise you that I will not be shopping for jewelry anywhere else.*Edit* Since I wrote this, I picked up my rings. The setting was fixed and the metal was replated on both rings. It looks amazing. Absolutely perfect! My rings look brand new again. The replating and the fixed setting didn't cost me a dime. They really take care of their jewelry and their customers. Great job, Browne's! Thank you so much!
5	Friendly and fast customer service. I went in to have the clasp on my necklace fixed and an employee fixed it for free and in less than five minutes. I highly recommend Browne's!
4	I decided to give Browne's a try after reading the positive reviews on Yelp.  I was looking for an engagement ring and had some very good options online, but I am willing to pay a little more for good costumer service and to shop locally. The first time I went to Browne's I received very good costumer care, the attendant took her time to explain the different grades of diamonds and all the different options available.  I felt so comfortable that I felt convinced that I should buy a ring from Browne's.  The second time I visited Browne's I was attended by a different person, and my experience was the total opposite from the previous one.  The attendant's demeanor was condescending and snobbish, I felt like I was wasting this person's time, so I took my money elsewhere.  I conclusion, Browne's could be a store depending on who is working that day.
1	Went in there with high expectations, Neil Brown "Who wants to be your jeweler!" never even came out of his hole in the back.  This place is over priced and will rip you off, also if you want to sell jewelry.  Don't go here!!!
1	The staff was very impolite. Everythin is over priced. I would try the places in Marketplace before ever coming here.
4	I went here to have a battery changed in my watch. It was not cheap, however the freindly service and the quickness of it more than made up for it.
3	Went to sell my jewelry and they gave a fair price. I guess i could have been tricked but i will never know.
