4	Dropped off some old 8mm film from like 1955, some college projects, and of course a couple graduations, & recitals from high school to be transferred to DVD's.  Most of the footage was on VHS, some on 8mm. Patchin pictures turned around my projects in a timely fashion, and the quality was great. It was so amazing watching everything after my boyfriend made me junk my VHS before I was ready to part with it all those years ago!The staff was nice and the prices were very affordable compared to some other places in town. I suggest using Patchin Pictures before some random online company that requires you to send away your footage. For me nothing could be scarier than losing my family treasures forever.
5	I took several reels of 16mm movie film to Patchin to have them put the files onto a DVD.  Understand, most of the film is 60 years or more old.  The film was very brittle and the last time I tried to view them on a movie projector, the lead of the film would break off and it just wouldn't work.  When I first moved to Las Vegas, I called a few companies and asked about doing this.  They responded with, "Sorry, we can't handle 16mm film."I had gotten a recommendation from a guy who hikes with our group.  He was very pleased with the slide to DVD transfer they did for him.  I called Pathcin to see if they did 16mm films and the answer was yes.  I was off to their place with high hopes.I was told that it might take a month before the transfer was done because they do 16mm when they have a couple to do because of the set up required.  He also said it might be only a week--it depended on their business.I got a call today, less than two weeks after I dropped off the reels, and I now have a DVD with movies from when I was 5 or 6 years old and behaved like a hyperactive, little terror.  I have 55 minutes of priceless memories thanks to their fine work!I will be able to share these memories with my brother--something we both had hoped to do years ago. Patchin was great!  Very personable and very professional product!
