4	Great to have a Jersey Mike's at Northlake! This location is great as it keeps you away from most of the mall chaos. It is on the Best Buy side of Northlake, right next to the Trek store. Everything is nice and new as this location just opened a couple weeks ago. I am impressed how busy this location already is, especially during the lunch hour. You would never know they have only been open a couple weeks; staff is quick and friendly. I ordered the chipotle cheesesteak (delicious) and it was ready by the time I reached the checkout. Big plus, since I am accustom to waiting a few minutes for hot subs at other locations. Looking forward to many more subs here!
4	Just had my very first Jersey Mike's sub.  This is a new location near Northlake mall which is right around the corner from my office.  So after a colleague who is originally from New Jersey insisted I try them out, I had lunch there today.I was coached to place my order in advance on the website for speed and convenience.  Great advice as the place was already packed at 11:50 AM.  Long line to order was nearly out the door.  BUT I walked up to the checkout, my order was ready, and I was out the door and sitting to eat in about 90 seconds.GREAT sub!  I had the original Italian "Mike's Way".  Simply delish.  Freshly sliced meats and tomatoes, just the right amount of everything else, all on a perfect sub roll.  Yum.  I will be back often.
4	Had another sub at this location today.  Although the crowd has thinned a bit since they opened a couple months ago, it is still fairly busy.  However I again pre-ordered via their easy online order system and my sub was waiting right on time.Still a great sandwich but whoever made it this time was a little heavy handed with the vinegar and oil so it was a bit messy and dripping all over the place.  But still delish.
1	I love the subs here but the customer service is HORRIBLE. Pay close attention to the men that work there. They don't have any customer service at all!! Love the subs, so much! This is my 5th time going to this particular location and they did not greet me when I walked in. HORRIBLE Staff!
5	Love jersey mikes! Location is great, service is great, food is great... They have a great little area to sit outside...
4	Still enjoying this location at least once week.  Best sub around in my opinion.  Nice people there too.   Prompt service even when they are slammed for the lunch rush.  They have a pretty efficient assembly line thing going and you move right along.My fav is the Original Italian and the Super Sub is pretty great as well.
