5	Second location I've been to, still my favorite and best breakfast choice.Our server was most helpful, she described how they did things around there: fresh and quality ingredients, super large portions served on platters, and the trick to avoiding the "share charge." The food is too much for one person, so if you share without the other person ordering at least a side, they charge an extra $2.50. Still worth it despite that stipulation.The flapjcks can be split between a family of four and cut like a pizza, its ridiculous. The smoked salmon hash is the way to go, its an overwhelming first bite. Their house made strawberry jam is delicious on their biscuits.Its larger than the San Diego location, so luckily on a Friday morning my party of five did not have to wait at all.They also serve lunch and dinner, check out the website for the menu.
5	Five stars for a brunch place? Hell yeah!  (I haven't had their dinner menu, but for a weekend brunch, it hits the spot!) After driving by numerous times and being intrigued by the name of the restaurant alone, it was about time I got a chance to experience what the Hash House was really all about.  After about a 20 minute wait, we were starving.  It didn't help that we could see (stare) at what the diners were chowing on as they sat on the patio.  Gigantic portions of anything and everything, that's for sure!I had their special Mimosa with Pom Tangerine.  Can I say yum?  If my boyfriend will make me a pitcher of that, I promise to get drunk real fast!  My other dining companions had their HH Bloody Mary with all the fixings.  Those darn fixings were fabuloso!  They came with these vinegared Blue Lake string beans and stuffed green olives.  I heard two exclamations of "I think this the BEST Bloody Mary I have ever had!"  Hot damn!  That was 2 for 2!For food, I ordered their special Farmer's Daughter House Hash that came with two eggs your way, biscuit, watermelon, and portabello mushrooms, cheddar cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, etc. on potatoes.  It was damn good!  My BF had the HH Famous Meatloaf Hash House with spinach, meatloaf chunks, cheese and some other stuff on potatoes, along with two eggs his way, watermelon and a biscuit.  These house hashes arrived on a big ole' skillet and were hearty portions, which could easily be shared by two.  My other dining companion had a omelet with salmon and brie.  The brie was such a nice and smooth taste to the omelet. Yummy!  And our 4th diner chose Two Eggs with Bacon and Toast.  Both orders arrived with a gigantic mound of mashed potatoes that were tasty too.  The best part...thank goodness the waitress told us about the homemade strawberry jam!  We were slathering that all over our biscuits and were just about to slather it all over ourselves. It was that good!  Hot damn!Looking around at other diners, they had massive salads, gigantic pancakes and waffles that were falling over the edge of the plate, and huge sandwiches.  It all looked so good!  Portions were plenty and you definitely feel like you get a big bang for your buck!  I was definitely curious to see if the dessert menu was so generous.  Unfortunately, we were told the desserts were of average size.  They only had a Strawberry Cobbler, Cheesecake, and some Snickers thing.  But then again, with all this food...who makes it to dessert anyway?    Service was fabulous!  Our waitress was super friendly, being patient with our delay in ordering and even bringing over more Bloody Mary fixings so we could devour.  With a name like this, I am confident that you can have a feast after a little 'hash' of your own!  I'm even putting this restaurant into my "Top Restaurants" and "Nice date restaurants in Vegas" because if a boy brought me here 'the morning after', he would get a gold star in my book for sure!  That's right boys...if you're letting the girl stay over into brunch time and you bring her here, she'll be more than happy to go back to your place again (assuming you give her a chance to digest!).  And ladies, if you bring the guy here the morning after, he'll be sure to stick around for a few more mornings after for sure!  Anyone who wants a hearty brunch in Vegas away from the strip, Hash House a Go Go is your place to go!  Their numerous awards for breakfast and brunch are well deserved!Update: 01/04/07 - I recently went back for their special Blue Lump Crab Cake with chili mayo and mashed potatoes ($15.95).  The mayo had a nice zing for the crab cake and the deep fried angel hair pasta garnishment had a nice crunch.  It was a yummy dish and big enough to share.  It's a $2.50 split charge if you do share it.  Their homemade jam was a mixed berry concoction this time.  I also tried their Banana Pancake with Cinnamon.  The BF loved it, I'm more of a waffle kind of girl myself.(Check out the photos above of my good eats!)
5	ive been hearing that this is the breakfast joint to hit up in vegas.  we went to this b/c i was so hungry after completing the first las vegas half marathon.  this place is away from the hustle and bustle of the strip on the west side of town.  it was a very good sign to see how busy this place was and how long the wait was.  just waiting outside and peaking into the heated outdoor eating area, you could see how enormous the plates were.  i should correct myself...they were enormous platters, not plates.  we were told that a party of 4 would be unable to sit in the bar area b/c the platters were huge.  i was impressed with the wide selection of breakfast items.  first off, going against the rules of post workout re hydration, i couldnt resist trying a libation from the mixed drink selection, why?  why not?  check this out...hash house bloody mary...premium vodka, bloody mary mix, fresh lemon juice, celery salt, Worcestershire and hot sauce, spicy pickled green beans (with extras ordered), 2 jalapeno stuffed olives, and a mt olive kosher petite dill pickle, with fresh cracked pepper sprinkled on top...f@ckin hella savory ...that won me there at that point.i ended up choosing the HH Famous Meatloaf with roasted red peppers, fresh spinach, and smoked mozzarella all on big chunks of fried potatoes.  my favorite and lovely dining companion ordered the Farmer's Daughter House Hash that came with two eggs your way, biscuit, watermelon, and portabello mushrooms, cheddar cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, etc. on also...big chunks of fried potatoes.  Both came on a huge skillet (which they called their "smaller" dishes...lies...they were huge...i just finished the leftovers 2 days later)  My other dining companion had a decadent omelet filled with smoked salmon and melted brie.  also, all our orders arrived with flaky biscuits, so you get to top it with some their own homemade strawberry jam (we ended up packaging some of the jam up for home...too bad it doesn't last long enough, not from me eating it all, but b/c it has no preservatives!!!this ranks high in my favorite breakfast places to eat.  i will definitely return here with my lovely dining companion to enjoy the other things on the menu, such as the sundried tomato, basil & goat cheese scrambled eggs, or the mushroom, artichoke hearts, sundried tomato and fresh spinach hash, or even the roasted pork tenderloin, charred tomato, corn, baby green beans and mozzarella hash, and definitely for that damn bloody mary.
3	Ew.I mean, ew.It's adorable, in a prefab sort of way. And the servers are cute, sassy, and sharp. And the stuff on the menu sounds good. But damn, the ugly pile of slop they served me was nauseating. I mean, the individual parts tasted good enough, but it was so unappetizing and enormous, it really did put me off my food. (And trust me, I have no problem with over the top food... but this was just gross.) Supposedly a "benedict", my brunch included a giant pile of mashed potatoes, two enormous biscuits, 4 slices of bacon, at least 3 scrambled eggs, a melted-crisp slice of mozzerella, and chipotle hollandaise. Oh, and a couple pieces of fruit, so you could eat healthy. When the waiter saw the look on my face, he said "Isn't it great?" Uh, no. No, actually. And, no.My mom's brunch was a little less jumbo: meatloaf hash, fried eggs, and a biscuit, served in a full-size cast-iron skillet. It could have fed us both, amply, with leftovers. It was huge, but not disgustingly so.Great concept, heartland food in a hip setting. But a truly nauseating execution.
5	so good.  it was a $20 cab ride from the strip but hash house a go go had a good menu and everything we ordered was really tasty so it was absolutely worth the effort.  we had to wait 15 minutes for a table but when we left around 1, there were a whole bunch of people waiting so i'm glad we were able to get there by noon.i got the fried chicken benedict since if fried chicken is on the menu, i am almost sure to get it.  it was a biscuit sitting on a mound of mash potatoes with egg, a well spiced fried chicken breast, bacon, tomato, spinach and a red pepper cream sauce.  it was a ridiculous amount of food and i'm suprised i didn't go into cardiac arrest just looking at it. i understand what another reviewer said about their food looking too messy because when my benedict came out, i was overwhelmed thinking about how i was going to eat it.  usually, when i get a giant plate of something, it makes me kind of sick but because it was so delicious, i got over it.  i couldn't even finish half. my beverage of choice was the bloody mary.  it was tangy and spicy with a lot of stuff in it, just how i like it.  i didn't think it had much alcohol but as i got progressively more giggly during the meal, i realized i was wrong.my friends got the  blueberry pancake (it seriously is the size of a big pizza), the meatloaf hash and the veggie hash and they all really liked their food but the best thing we had may have been the strawberry jam.  none of us are into big chunks of bread and had not touched our biscuits but once we decided to try some of the jam, we basically empied the container onto them and had to have them for later.   it was not too sweet and had a really good consistency. now, i'm sad i didn't end up eating the leftovers because we were too busy drinking and gambling.  i would definitely recommend it if you want good, non-buffet food.
4	When God appointed Gluttony as a sin. He was eating at Hash House. Plan on not dieting when you eat here. The biscuits can feed an etheopian kid for a week. Their farm food with a twist is more like farm food is twisted. Ever go to a pancake house and order a stack or even a short stack. Uncle buck would be impressed by their one pancake. Mmmm I had the Pineapple and coconut one. Yum....I've had the corned beef hash there, the chicken and waffles. Ok it's not Roscoe's, but when waffles have bacon sticking out of them....FUN.  I defnitely like the presentation. It's the size of a sushi boat.  I've also had the the Chicken pot pie. Technically I like chicken pot pie as a pie. Not as an upside down pie crust hat with ladles of chicken pot pie innards and a mound of mashed potatoes. I definitely liked the Flattened piece of fried pork goodness. Hmmm I wish they had rice....You can't give a filipino pork without rice....Overall the food is good. Just insultingly large. It makes buffets look like 1 trip. Cocktails inventive.....Bloody Mary with pickled green beans?  NICE!Coffee drinks....just order the coffee with the smore's goodness on there.....Budgetwise - it's reasonable for the amount of food you get. Ok does Idaho have potato shortages from this place.Yea too many little fried spaghetti thingies and those damn leeks. SAVE THE FRIED LEEKS!
3	This is my first 3 star review.  I feel all dirty inside.  So, let  me toss the pro and cons right at ya!!!I've dined at Hash House many time's.  Mostly because I have lot's of friends who come to town for short visits and don't wanna go to a casino. It does have a nice atmosphere. ( for being a converted Chevy's....yes, it's a converted Chevy's)  One of the most consistent things is the cocktail's. I love me the gin and tonic!!! WHOOO!!!  Especially Bombay Sapphire and Tonic.  Every time I order one at the Hash House, it's perfect. So, Pro 1 is that they have a great bartender.Pro 2 it's got ATMOS.Now for the crap fest.....at first appearance their giant plate with a branch of Rosemary ( I'm pretty sure it's Rosemary ) sticking right out of the top is AWESOME, however, for the most part a plate of bland potatoes.  Any restaurant that has a beautiful steak on the menu, then covers it in tasteless gravy and buries it in mushed potatoes....needs to go back to the drawing board.   I'm not sure where i read it, but a true test of an great restaurant is how they serve a steak.  Sad part is the beef was fantastic, cooked just the way i wanted it....but, covered in crap and under seasoned.  Booo!In closing....they got personality.  And most people say a great breakfast menu too.  (GIANT PANCAKES, cute)  I've had breakfast there.....packed with people, had a salmon scramble....dry and way fishy, ick!  It was accompanied by a swell mimosa.....so they got the liquor part in spades.  Take a chance and feel their vibe, but when you choose what to eat, be really friggin picky!!!!
5	This place is great!!! Was in vegas w/ girlfriend for weekend and some business, and needed a good breakfast joint.... Found it on Yelp!!Please has some interesting dishes on the menu and they come in HUGE portions.  I had the Chipotle quesadilla... Very spicy.  They are famous for "farm" fresh food and I'll have to say the food was very fresh.  Service was good, our waiter made sure we were happy and kept my iced tea glass full.   What more can you ask for.
2	Wait staff is nice and atmosphere is great but the food was not as good as everyone raves about.  We went with very large party  of 14 people who all ordered something different.  No one was raving about their food.  Yes, they do serve large portions and if you split with someone they get you with a split charge and they don't even split the meal for you.  I had my 94 year old grandmother with me as well as 2 children and they would not give her a childs meal.  One of the kids ordered off of the adult menu too.  Breakfast is the cheapest meal to prepare but this place charges $12-$18 for breakfast.  I have to say I will not return to this place again.
5	Finally breakfast is something fun again.  Hash House A Go-Go has made breakfast hip and fun again.  The food is terrific.  Giant portions of flavorful, unique and delicious food.  It is a expensive...for breakfast, but not for the original food.  This place is much more than eggs and hash browns.  It is an experience.
5	My first yelp 5 star.  My sister lives in vegas and I go there about once a month.  This is definitely on the itinerary every time I go.  I've never had the same thing twice, and it's all been fantastic.  A word to the wise, the portions are HUGE!  For example, I ordered the banana french toast...my meal could have easily been eaten by four people, each of us getting our fill.  If you come on a Saturday morning, allow plenty of time for the wait!
3	Great food is the only reason this place gets 3 stars.  After waiting almost an hour for a table and settling to sit in the bar area was a bit annoying. The staff is very rude/arrogant and it seemed like we were bothering the staff whenever we needed something.  As I said, the food is great but unless you are a regular and they know you.....be prepared for lackluster service.
4	One of my friends just moved to San Diego and he knows I'm huge on breakfast so he said he found a new place and told me about it. I later realized that we had one of them in Las Vegas so I decided to go. Ordered two appetizers, and two dishes for main course and got a few of their specialty drinks.  Wow, the food came out all together and let me tell you the PORTIONS ARE HUGE. Split dishes, don't bother doing it all by yourself or plan on taking home food with you. You can feed small countries with the food on these plates. The dishes are unique to themselves, tastes are different. Don't expect the normal eggs Benedict  these are special versions and will be sure to keep you full!I have been back four times. If your going in a group restaurants website has coupons to save some cash. This is a must go :)
4	When visiting my parents In Las Vegas, my husband likes to try all the different buffets.  This weekend I wanted to try something different, and I'm glad we did.  Their slogan "Twisted Farm Food" encapsulates the menu pretty well.We went to HH for breakfast around 10:30 on Sunday morning and sat down immediately.  Lucky timing -- because when we left about an hour later the line was huge.  Much like the huge portions of food we were served.  My husband had one of the Sunday Specials -- a giant skillet with pork tenderloin, home fried potatoes, green beans, corn, sun dried tomatoes, mozzarella, 2 fried eggs and a huge biscuit.  I had a scramble that consisted of salmon, pesto and brie that was also served with home fries and huge biscuit.  We switched plates half way through and still brought home a (you guessed it) HUGE box of leftovers.My husband liked the very strong coffee that was refilled often.  I liked the homemade blackberry jam atop the biscuits.  The food was good, but needed a bit more salt then we're used to adding.  The service was top notch, especially considering how busy the place was the entire time.  And the music was all 80s alternative which made my meal that much more enjoyable :)
4	WOW...The servings here are huge, enormous, vast, gigantic, massive, mammoth, colossal, titanic!!  A bit of advice, look to split everything on the menu.  I had the sausage gravy pot pie and it was more than enough for two people.  When our server brought it out, my first words were "holy shit" that's huge (please refrain from any cheap jokes)!  Rosemarie ordered some eggs and a mango coconut pancake.  The pancake was so big that it came out on a pizza platter. This place is American gluttony in a nutshell.  I almost felt guilty that there was so much food. Bottom line, even though the portions are huge...the food is good.  We will definitely be coming back and definitely be sharing....
4	Breakfast.  As in Break Fast.  If I ever fast this is where I'm breaking it at.  Those 6000 calories I will have missed over 3 days of nothing will be made up in 1 sitting here.For all the criticisms, some deserved, others, well I guess we all have our bad days that we take out on undeserving others:  The corned beef hash doesn't come from a dog food can.  It's real corned beef shredded with potatoes.  My one complaint is they could dice up everything a little finer, it's hardly bite size like hash should be.  I mean with the portions and plate size you get a real Land of the Giants feel.  This place is a great start for a 10 mile (acid head) hike in Red Rocks.  Get off the strip, man.
5	Best breakfast in the world. I first tried this place in San Diego and when I accidentally passed by it in Vegas, I made my friends stop. They all loved it and so will you. Huge portions of excellent food. Everything I've had so far has been outstanding. Enough said!
1	Yes the portions are big.  Yes it is fresh.  Yes the building is new, nice and shiny with all of that chrome, but I just don't get this place.  For the price (most every item was around $12) you can definitely get better food and coffee anywhere else in the city (try Blueberry Hill for example).  The biscuits (a specialty) were big but they were served cold and without any butter or honey (is that a non-Southerner thing???).  Worst of all, the morning I was there (after 9am), there were 2 servers who couldn't handle a nearly empty room of 6 tables.  My idiot waiter (Jose or something like that) forgot about us and then when I tried to use a $10 gift certificate, ended up taking off only 10%!  Save your money and appetite and go for someplace that knows breakfast!
5	Why is it that every single time I come here, I see AT LEAST 5 people pushing 400 pounds?  Maybe they come here everyday cuz I would if I did.  If I were going to bring a person that had never been to the US to see how ridiculous portions can be...I'd take them here.  I usually split something with the wife when we go.  Breakfast is the best here and the drinks are great too!!
4	Huge portions and long waits are the name of the game here.  It was about 30 minute wait for us - not too bad, I suppose.  They don't use plates here - think PLATTERS, obesity and the answer to why Europeans are more healthy than us!I ordered the delicious bacon avocado swiss and onion scramble with their crispy potatoes and a biscuit w/freshly made strawberry jam. I recommend forgoing those and trying the griddled mashed potatoes.  I found the crispy potatoes flavorless and boring.  The biscuit and strawberry jam were divine, however.They have a full bar and feature some Midwestern kitsch - such as Milwaukees Best in a brown bag as one of the menu items.  Love the attitude on the menu.The server almost messed up the order and gave my scramble to a couple who had just arrived.  It was corrected quickly. Definitely worth the drive from the Strip, but if you're looking for a good breakfast and looking to get away from the casinos, save your money and try Blueberry Hill.   I think that's a better value.
5	So you want breakfast do you? This contemporary southern cuisine is, hoe do you say, IN-CRED-IBLE.  It's mostly a breakfast spot but the lunch is worth it as well. Whenever I have people in town this place is on the to-do list. Be ready to share or for leftovers because the portions are Gi-normous. It's comfort food at it's best. They serve my absolute fav dish in this town, Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. Not your typical breakfast selection I know.  It's a piece of fried chicken on top of scrambled eggs and spinach on top of mashed potatoes and bacon on top of a huge biscuit cover with a chipotle cream sauce that is nothing short of heaven. The flapjack is the next on my list. Yeah that's singular. That's because it's pretty much the size of a medium pizza. The coffee is very strong which I like but I know I'm in the minority on that one.  The staff is very nice but you have to remember that great food takes time so if you are in a hurry you might want to try somewhere else. Expect about a 10 - 30 minute wait here on the weekends but you golden on the weekdays. For the weekend warriors why not try the Beer-In-a-Bag special they have while you wait. It's a Bud tall can in a brown paper bag. A Nevada Classic!
5	Bloody Marys great and the portions HUGE!!!!!! Staff are friendly and fun. Costumes are great, atmosphere fun. Love this place can't wait to go back. Better to split a meal, since one plate is the size of four meals. Comfort food at it's best. Try the bread pudding, sweet and Delicious.
5	WARNING!!!The portions here are gi-freaking-normous! You think your hungry and so when your friends says "Hey! We should split something? Wanna split something?" And then because you haven't eaten alllll day you say "No, I think I want my own..." Don't say I didn't warn you.4 of us went and each got something different. Someone got the pancakes which was the size of a large hubcap. I got the chicken and waffles which featured two chicken breast on top of FOUR bacon stuffed waffles (I know, crazy!). We also had a skillet dish that used a real skillet not a mini or skinny skillet. And finally meatloaf which could have a fed a family of four for days.As far as taste this place had quality to go with the quantity. The drinks were equally good and generous.Service was great and very friendly.The only downside is the location. It's quite a trek from the strip, you definitely have to go there as a destination. It's not something that you can stumble upon.I'll definitely go there if I ever am in the area.
5	Its a train wreck of food coming at my face and I can't look away!!Anyplace that serves fried chicken for breakfast really gets me!!If you're looking for a more manageable meal try the corned beef or any of the other hashes. They're still big portions, but look reasonable compared to everything else!
4	Okay, I know that all the other reviewers have mentioned the "huge" portions that they serve here. I cannot over-emphasize and re-echo this point enough. They are gigantic. And this is coming from someone who is known to have a notoriously large appetite. You know your friend who finishes his plate instead of taking home leftovers? Or your friend who insists he is full after finishing what he ordered and then proceeds to pick everything off your plate plus eat all the remaining bread on the table? Put those two guys together and you get me.Did I mention the portions are astronomically huge? I ordered the "appetizer" beef tenderloin over crispy polenta and explicitly asked the waitress if it was especially large. She replied that it was "appetizer size." Was it an appetizer for a giant?!? This thing was a full-on steak on a hearty slice-of-cake size piece of crispy polenta. And it was covered in cheese! I was so full! But dumbly, I had ordered a sandwich on top of that! The sandwich was a "griddled" cheese sandwich which was described as cheddar cheese, avocado, tomato and prosciutto. Each slice of bread was an inch thick! I ate a quarter of it and thought I was going to pass out. The extreme positive out of all this was that the food was actually good. I marvel at the ability to prepare food that good in such massive quantities. The tenderloin was especially tender and the flavors matched well. I simply could not get past the fact that everything was so big though!
4	Most of the reviews are mention the few things I've noticed with this place.  1) It's not cheap for a breakfast joint.  2) You do get what you pay for.  3) The plates you get will find a family of 4 - off of just one plate.These have to be some of the largest servings I've ever had for a regular menu item.  Taking a lunch here the other day, I ended up with a 3-5 doggy bag of Chicken Pot Pie.  I could literally wear the rosemary-bread bowl that the pie was in as a hat.It's a classy joint, ya know, when you can order a beer in the can with a paper bag to cover it up.  I love eating here and like I've mentioned in other reviews, use Restaurant.com when eating here to save a few bucks.
4	The hash is really good here. Expect big portions. I also had a pistachio mocha drink, which was very good too. Great breakfast place, but I hear that they are also great for dinner.Bring your appetite there!
4	Hash House A Go Go: Twisted Farm FoodHow can you pass up a place with a name like that?!My friends and I wanted to go to a fun brunch place off the Strip so I asked a fellow yelper for a recommendation. Thanks, Teri C.! We all loved Hash House!What's not to love?! There's:The Tractor Driver Combo: Two Eggs w/ bacon sausage or potatoes with flapjacks, waffle or griddled french toast Indiana's favorites: Andy's Sage Fried Chicken w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit House  Hashes tossed with crispy potatoes & topped w/  2 eggs, served with fruit and biscuit Decadent hot chocolate with huge marshmallows in 'emFun and innovative coffee drinksNeedless to say, the portions are HUGE. We were all so full from brunch, most of us didn't need to eat for the rest of the day...well, until 2am anyway, after a night out...Definitely worth a trip away from the Strip.
4	Huge freakin' portions! Damn... it's one of the few places that I was challenged to finish all of my plate! I usually have no trouble knocking off "large" plates, but this one was definitely a challenge... The steak I had was a good 24 oz. and all the side dishes were enough to feed the starving children in Africa, and then some. I saw so many people sitting around our table, just in awe of the portions that were being served at their (and others') tables... Aside from the huge portions, the variety of dishes here were surprisingly nice. They even offer breakfast dishes during dinner hours, so that's a plus for anyone that craves pancakes at 10pm... Beware of the pancakes though... they are about the size of a pizza, and enough to definitely make the hungriest of people full. So, if you enjoy large portions, and a challenge... or an opportunity to impress your friends by finishing off a freakin' cow-sized steak.... this is the place! The service was also quite nice here the few times I've eaten here... and parking has been no trouble as well... I'm not sure it's all that family-friendly though... the place is set up more like a trendy, late-night place for adults...
3	Ridiculously gigantic portion sizes. I could get at least 3 and possibly 4 hearty meals out of anything I've ever had here. If 3 people could agree on one entree, no one would go hungry. Great burgers. Some great salads. But for some reason, it's just not my favorite place. I think the portions freak me out.
3	Who says size doesn't matter?  Well for this traditional farm food with a twist establishment, size totally matters! The portions are huge and fairly priced! I have been here a couple of times and mostly had breakfast items that were good.  The wife ordered a waffle with a side of sage fried chicken.  The fried chicken was tender and very good.  The sage was very complimentary. If you are in Vegas for the weekend skip the breakfast buffet and make your way here for a pleasant experience.
5	If you feel like leaving the strip and "venture" a little around Las Vegas, definitely check out the Hash House a Go Go. Not a cheap cab ride from the strip, but it's totally worth it. I love this place!Portions are huge, but you can always take your leftovers, so stop crying about how big they are! They have a DJ so, if you want a quiet breakfast this is not your place, otherwise, you would love it, fun environment. Food is very tasty and fresh.
4	Great food. HUGE portions. I mean, ridiculous. There was quite a line on the Sunday that we arrived, but not to worry because they served bloody marys in glasses the size of my water pitcher. The biscuits and gravy were insane. My husband and I aren't huge eater so we shared the original hash ... or something... and a side of biscuits and gravy and still couldn't come close to finishing. great hangover food!
4	OMG, this place has the most gigantic portions I've ever seen! I've only been once and there's only so much one can eat... but between the 4 of us that were there, we tasted the house special - house hash, humongous flap jacks, eggs, bacon, and the farm scramble... the best was the Brown Sugar Banana flap jacks. Sooo yummy! It didn't even need syrup! Can't wait till my next trip...See my pics for a sneak peak at the flap jacks. Yikes!
2	Quant little place for brunch!  I've always driven by, but never stopped in.  Food was decent and atmosphere was good.  Prices were also reasonable to the portion sizes, but I find that to be a draw-back, as I really don't want THAT much food, especially for breakfast/brunch!  Also, now that I am thinking of it, the food was actually somewhat bland  - most notably, the gravy and the potatoes.  I had a scramble which was pretty good though, its just that all the sides went to a waste.Drinks were good - I had the champagne supernova, which is like a mojito made with prosecco rather than rum, which was good!  Service was friendly when it was there, but the server wasn't at our table very often and we couldn't really figure out WHO was our server - perhaps this is because we were seating in the bar area (about a 20 min F/A wait), I'm not sure.We were also charged the wrong price for an entree, and decided to speak with the manager - who, sadly, argued with us rather than just talking care of the problem.  Disappointing.Overall it was decent, but nothing special to make me want to return.
3	Portions were huge. I ordered some sort of omelet, and I remembered it was lacking flavor. It was crazy busy and service was OK (we were seated outside in the patio).
4	OMG . . . too much food.  There.  I've said it.  Thought I'd never say it, but there you go.I recently went to Hash House for breakfast.  I've always wanted to try the one in San Diego, but could never find parking.  As I passed the Vegas location, I saw it had its own parking lot and decided to give it a try.  The food was great  - - we had the Corned Beef Hash and the basic breakfast.  To back my opening statement, whats known as the "basic" breakfast was huge!  I don't know how many eggs were used but suffice to say it was a lot, the ham steak was a very thick cut and of great quality, the mashed potatoes and roasted potatoes were plentiful.  All I can say is you won't be disappointed.I've said the mantra "I don't mind paying for quality, just don't skimp on the food" many times.  That said, you'll find the prices "a bit up there"  compared to average breakfast, but Hash House is anything but average.  The quality and quantity is great.Finally, be warned . . . you'll either leave stuffed to brim, or have a hefty take home bag.  Good eating at the Hash House.
2	The only thing I can say is that the portions are huge..but a bit bland in taste. Came here for dinner and it wasn't too busy. You'll get full but not satisfied due to the lack of taste. It just a fancier diner setting. I rather go to Denny's and get similar dishes for less which probably taste better too.
2	I guess for what you pay, the portions are reasonable. Bf would say this is the Claim Jumper of breakfast joints. Since the items are mediocre, just make them bigger and upcharge. I got the Smoked Salmon Hash (~$14?) with a side of bacon (~$3) and shared it with bf. We comfortably finished it. The salmon was just meh. I always think salmon is over-cooked. Its like the canned stuff. When am I gonna learn my lesson and just stop ordering salmon at diners? I didn't think there was anything special about this place. Its just basic breakfast foods, in larger portions. Very American. I was looking at their dinner menu ... looks better than breakfast. * off the strip, non-casino
2	I want to love this place, I really do, but something is always not quite right.  First of all the amount of food that you get is almost scary.  It's enough for a few meals...there's no need to consume that much.  My second complaint is the wait.  Every time I come here for lunch, it seems like I spend my whole lunch hour waiting for the food...Which is never really that great.I guess they're known for their breakfasts, maybe I'll fast for a week and then go there for breakfast and gorge myself on those ridiculous portions!
2	This is the place for the volume feed. As others have said, the portions are large if not downright scary. Moving beyond portion size, however, HH is not as big on flavor. I ordered the chicken and waffles-- the chicken (with the requisite sprig of rosemary) was crisp and moist, but rather bland. The belgian waffles had large pieces of bacon mixed into the batter and thus cooked into the waffle. Sadly, all I could taste was bacon. The 'maple reduction' drizzled around the waffle reminded me of a balsamic reduction and didn't really help. A side of syrup perked it up, but overall, hard to say it is worth ~$14. My cousin had the corned beef hash- big pieces of corned beef but otherwise just as bland as my food. He say the (pizza-sized) flapjacks are better, so I may give it a try.  Overall, I think HH would be great if they can improve upon their flavors. Once over the novelty of big food, they need flavors to back them up.
3	I went here for breakfast. I'd ordered the basic. I thought the eggs were a bit oily. Their homemade strawberry jam and biscuit were pretty good. Mashed potato were a bit oily. Overall, I thoght it was ok. I plan on going back there to try their lunch menu. Their plates are huge. Waitress was very friendly.
3	This is a high 3 stars, not quite enough to hit 4.  If I happened to be in LV again and someone suggested going here, I'd happily say yes, but I'm not going to be dreaming of it or talking reverently about it like some of my friends.I was very pleased at being able to get a table immediately on a Sunday at lunch time.  The menu, while not huge, had a lot of interesting possibilities (especially if you eat meat and/or eggs).  I decided on the apple cinnamon pancake - that's right, singular.  One pancake was the size of a serving platter.  It did have a good amount of cinnamon, and thin green apple slices cooked in all over it, which I liked better than the pie filling apples you sometimes get on top of apple pancakes.  My friend had the vegetarian hash; I only tried some of the potatoes and tomatoes, it was okay but not stunning.  Service was fine, price was reasonable.  The restroom was kinda cute in a way I can't explain.
4	I've been to the San Diego Hash House, so I was happy to finally try the Vegas one.  The food was definitely good, and the portions were huge.  It's pricey, though, which is why I haven't found myself at this restaurant prior to my recent visit.  You can definitely get leftovers out of your meal, so if you're going home after, it's not a bad food option.
5	this place is nothing less than spectacular... they have to use bubble tea straws in their bloody marys because they are so thick with delicious horse radish and such... they are garnished with two olives on either side of a baby gerkin... which was funny. the food was amazing... they have waffles with bacon BAKED IN! i thought that was cool (and i don't even eat bacon). the salmon bene was so good...the presentation is impressive as well. the only thing i didn't like is the same thing i didn't like about all the restaurants in vegas - the portions are so ridiculously large that it's inevitably wasteful and THAT ANNOYS THE CRAP OUT OF ME! we could have easily eaten 1.5 of those dishes between the four of us.
3	the best breakfast place i've been to in my 27 years of life so far.... let me just add that my favorite food of all time, is breakfast food.anyway, they have monster pan-cakes.. and big huge portions.it's a little pricey, but for good reason.  you get a lot of good food.the snicker pancakes are bomb.. the sage chicken is good too... and the pecan waffles taste like ice cream.good good great.PS!  dinner is stupid expensive.... and idk, but it makes it not taste any better.  weird.
4	The portions are so huge that they are borderline ridiculous! Our local friends from Vegas took me & my boyfriend here for brunch. My eyes widened and my jaw dropped when our server delivered these HUGE plates that covered almost every inch of space that we had on the table. I would be amazed if I saw someone that could finish all that food. My boyfriend is an eater and it looked like he didn't even touch his food! The food portions aren't the only things that are ginormous, their coffee cups look like bowls. I felt like the waitress should have said "your bowl of coffee will be right out." No complaints here! That just added a cherry on top of this whole eating experience for me. The food & the coffee were delicious! Next time, I would play it smart and share a meal & just order a side of pancakes (which you should know are the size of a PLATE).
4	I took my parents to Vegas for the weekend on the condition that they eat wherever I take them because we were going to be yelping.  They agreed and said they'd be up for the adventure and assist on the reviews.  Our first stop was the Hash House.  It's a little ways down Sahara to the normal part of Vegas.  Ambience is cool with the stainless steel tables and very casual and clean environment.  As we were getting seated, we couldnt' help but notice the portions.  They're gargatuan...almost in the same class as Belisle's in Anaheim for you old timers.  We sat down and ordered our drinks.  The wife had the plain old lemonade which she claims was one of the best she's ever had.  She didn't try the kiwi watermelon which is award winning.  We decided to order 2 meals for 4 peeps and split.  The waitress mentioned a 2.50 charge for the extra plate so she suggested getting a couple of sides so we opted for breakfast sausage.The first platter was their signature corned beef hash.  Made with their corned beef cut into strips and tossed with red onions, brown onions, and green onions, this corned beef hash was excellent.The 2nd platter was a bacon avocado scramble and this was delicious.  These 2 platters and the sides of sausage were more than enough to satiate our morning hunger.  Service was great and this is definitely a local place.  Highly recommend if you're a breakfast lover.
4	Like the previous reviews have mentioned, this place has HUGE portions of "comfort food"! I mean big as your head and hopefully not as big as your ass! With that being said, every time I am in Vegas for work, I meet here with a good friend. Not always because it's cheap and fast, not because it's new to me, but just for the pure satisfaction and masochism. Yes, it's satisfying to order something huge and usually very good, but also very disturbing (because of the gigantic size). And for me, it works as a great diet plan because you don't want to look like the 5 400lbs plus people in the booth next to you. Anyway, short story long, go here. Try it. If you really don't like it, which probably won't be the case, give it to a homeless person of your choice, they are on every street corner in Vegas and would very much appreciate it.
5	I LOVE this place!!! After hearing some hype from a friend and having encountered pricy, mediocre food on the LV strip, I really had my doubts... BUT this place is awesome and clearly proved me wrong!The portions were HUGE.  GREAT presentation.  HIGH QUALITY comfort food! ... And did I mention cheap, also?!?  The menu had a lot to offer.  Omelettes, hash, fried chicken & waffles, burgers, benedicts, pancakes...  They also had good drinks... mimosas, watermelon- kiwi, fresh squeezed juices.   I had the "hash special of the day".  This was extremely good and had big chunks of pork.  The pork was tender, not dry at all.  The potatoes were also really good and it was mixed with a great assortment of other vegetables.  My friend had the fried chicken and waffles.  The fried chicken and waffles were piled high on his plate, enough to serve two! Someone else had flapjacks, which is their version of pancakes.  I couldn't believe the size of that thing! And it was extremely tasty too!I wish there was a Hash House in the Bay Area!! This is a must-go!! You won't regret it!! .. And you'll come home with leftovers for your next meal too! ;)
3	I went for lunch, not breakfast so my viewpoint is a little different than most others.I had the brie and chicken sandwich. I love brie so I was excited about how the sandwich would turn out. It had very little brie on it (enough to cover 1/3 of the sandwich), and there was no sauce/flavor/nada. The sandwich was just dry chicken and bread. Add some aioli, or pesto or something.. I dunno. Fiance had the chicken pot pie. It was huge and deconstructed. The pie crust wasn't yummy at all.. it broke off funny and tasted prefab/frozen.. Overall not a bad dish, but not an exciting dish either!I would like to try breakfast (damn them for being like 30 minutes from Henderson.. !), but lunch is just OK.
3	If you love breakasts and big portions, then this is the place for you! Personally, the portions are too big for me. My friends were scared of some of the things they brought to the table because they were so big! Fortunately, I got a scramble which wasn't that big. French toast is HUGE and so are the pancakes! Food is pretty good, but I finish it. I don't think I'll go back because I'll feel bad for wasting so much food.
3	i was looking at my breakfast list and noticed that Hash House a Go Go was not there .  I've been to the place 4-5 times, thought for sure i did a review.  better late then never.most recent trip was last week with the ex.  my favs here are the bennies and the "hash" selections.  The pancakes and french toast are decent too but i think the creativity, a difficult thing to do in breakfast, is in the bennies.  i probably would've given this place 4 stars after my first few visits, but a definite drop due to slow service and the prices are creeping upwards and this place ain't cheap to begin with !Had the sage fried chicken bennie ( $15) a huge biscuit cut in half, mashed potatoes then a huge pounded out chicken breast, crispy coating, with sage,  a couple scrambled eggs, then a cream sauce with a little bite ( chipotle ) don't come to this place if you are not sharing your breakfast or no plans to take home leftovers - otherwise, you are wasting alot of food !i suggest if you have a group of 4 More more, just order three breakfasts and share as a group.sat on the patio near the front entrance.  one plus to this place,  decent people watching. The pretty people definitely like this place !
5	The portions are big so split with someone, I had the Corned Beef Hash, the corned beef was so delicious.  Would go there again..
2	The food is not bad, and reasonably priced.  Wish the service weren't so bad.  Another party of two, who arrived after us, was seated before us.  Once we pointed out that fact, the hostess acted like we were putting her out.  Then she seated us right by the kitchen, despite the fact that there were about six other open tables.  The waitress, who was pretty competent, told me that I could not substitute fruit for potatoes, something I feel is pretty common.  The busboy asked me three times if he could clear my plate, while I was obviously still eating.  The volume on the music was so uneven that, for some songs, I could hardly hear my companion.  I got the feeling that a lot of the employees were on coke or meth.  The strawberry jam was really good, though.  I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.
4	If you want a humongo breakfast..C'mon down to Hash House a Go Go! The portions are VERY generious! I had the Tractor Driver combo: Two eggs w/ bacon and a ginormous flippin flapjack that was overlapping my plate and a side of mash potatoes. Loved it! The hubby had the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken w/ maple, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & waffle. That thing was like a sculpture of food...too nice to eat. I dont think the hubby expected that, but he said it was just ok, their version of chicken and waffles.If they have it, you have to try the watermelon lemonade...its pretty and delicious!! YUM! I'll be back to try out the other goodies on the menu.
4	This place is pretty darn good.  Me and a friend had breakfast one morning after we had just finished a 12 hour shift in the UMC Trauma ED.  I asked the hostess if we could sit at an open booth, she said it was closed in a flat tone.  Then I asked the waitress also, never being one to take no for an answer.  She looked at me as if I had asked to suck on her toes, and said "NO, that section is CLOSED."   Otherwise she was very cheery.  Other than that bit of amusing oddity, the food and the service was great.  We had bloody marys and a big ass plate of eggs benedict.  My friend said I'd have leftovers, but I managed to wolf most of it down.  The bloody mary could've been stronger, but was still quite good, what with the veritable salad of fresh veggies hanging out of the big glass.  I also stopped by there my last weekend in Vegas when a friend came to visit.  We sat outside on the patio and had just the breakfast we needed to decide to stay another day in Vegas -- see my Red Rocks Casino review  ;^)
3	The portions are way too big.  I don't think a single person can eat the whole plate and it's absolutely ridiculous.  What a waste!!!!  I would rather have half the portion for half the price (very expensive).  I don't think I'll be going back.
4	my pancake was the side of my head! Lol. I ordered pancakes for breakfast. What i got was the biggest pancake. The waiter joked with me that i had to eat the whole thing! Well....i tried! My boyfriend ordered an omelet and oh it was sooo good. The decor is different and kinda old vintage with pictures of celebrities who have visited. I love this place. The food The atmosphere. And the waiters were cool.
5	Yep, the portions are as big as your head but that should not be something that's bad. Ever heard of a doggie bag? Anyhow, in a town full of corporate fast food chains, HHaGo Go is a breath of fresh air. They have a nice coffee bar and nice breakfast drinks as well as thoughtful dishes. I had an omelette with sun dried tomatoes, goat cheese, and herbs. The dish was light, fluffy, flavorful and not greasy. They also offer a thoughtful children's' menu with some non-typical and traditional dishes for variety. If the portions are too big go to McDonald's! I'll give it five stars because it is different and thank goodness in a town of Carl Jr's.
4	The food here was great but I was a bit disappointed with my eggs benedict! =(I got the HH original benedict which came with potatoes, biscuit, bacon, eggs and a sauce.  This was the closest I could get to regular eggs benedict!  The eggs were not even poached eggs! Totally cooked.  The sauce was a bit spicy which I was hoping it would have been hollandaise sauce.  All in all, this dish was alright.  Nothing I would get again.Also go to try to biscuit and gravy which was pretty good.The chicken and waffles here was big and good!  The pancakes here were also really good!  It wasn't super fluffy but they had a nice crunch to them!  Mmmmm! I could go for those pancakes right now!
5	Ok, this was kinda hard to find because the GPS on my computer was broke. But yeah, once I found it, I cannot say I was disappointed. Especially since I'd already been eating damn good food the entire time there and was about to leave.The #1 Scramble was exactly what I needed. Can't mess with the egg/bacon/avocado/onion combo. The portions were huge as well.The staff was courteous and it was reasonably priced for any restaurant, especially Vegas. Will definitely be back.
5	This is my FAVORITE place to eat breakfast.  I found this place a few months ago and I still find myself craving the food.  Everything I have eaten there was fantastic.  I would recommend this place to anyone.  Make sure you go hungry because the serving sizes are huge!!
4	As I was waiting for friends, I decided to order their award-winning watermelon-kiwi-lemonade drink at the bar.  I can see why it's a reputable drink.  Not too sweet and the fruity flavors go well with each other.  Just wish I had a bigger glass.    I wasn't sure what to expect at this simple restaurant and bar.  "Twisted farm food" is a good way to put it.  As if they have large creatures at this farm because portions here are gigantic.  I've had 12-14 inch pancakes before, but never were they filled and tasted just right.  I had their blueberry pecan famous flapjack as part of my Tractor Driver combo.  This combo included 2 eggs with strips of bacon.  Thick cuts of bacon and scrambled eggs already made me happy.  It was the flapjack draping over the large plate that scared me the most.  I don't even think 2 people can finish it.  This enormous pancake made everyone look at me.  They were probably wondering why I also ordered a side of hash browns.  Looks like to-go containers are popular here.  Even with large appetites, people still leave home with a doggy bag.  The next time I visit I will have to try their one pound stuffed burgers.  A humongous burger that includes 2 patties, with apple-smoked bacon and mashed potatoes in between, and all the fix-ins and steak fries....sound like breakfast lunch and dinner combined.  Who needs a buffet?  Parking is easy and traffic around is not bad at all.  I would definitely take people visiting from out of town to this friendly establishment.  It sure beats the long lines and loud crowds on the strip.  Besides, food here is way better...and bigger, which makes the prices reasonable.  Thanks to Tish and Cynthia for introducing me to this place.  Can't wait to go back!
4	Any place with servers in Pajamas must be a great place to go. A breakfast place with a Hostess counter handing out Buzzers (I don't know what else to call them) must be a popular place too. The service was ok. Must've been pretty hectic for the servers indeed. The food HUGE...as I walked to the restroom I saw folks with places bigger than my head and thought "my gf and I are going to split this meal". We did. The breakfast was good. Great portions. Ecletic Menu. With Mimosas. Lounge and Bar area you name it. The ambience is very Nascar, manly, "lets see how much Diamond Metal plate we can put in this place"-style.
4	Come really, really hungry.That's the best advice I can give to anyone that wants to visit Hash House a Go Go.  You will have more food on your plate than you can comprehend in a glance.  Galaxies have been known to be smaller.  The gravitational pull of the chicken and waffles may trap you in its orbit, forcing you to consume the chicken just to have a chance to escape intact... not that you'll mind doing so.We've been to HHaGG multiple times for both breakfast, brunch, and lunch, and have never run into a meal we didn't like.  Their reliance on potatoes as a filler sometimes borders on the crazy however.  I'm tempted to ask for my next meal without any potatoes, if it's listed as an ingredient.The meals we've experienced are the stuffed burgers, fried green tomatoes, chicken and waffles (with strips of bacon through the waffles), the chicken pot pie, the home-made corn beef hash, and some of the specials.  The chicken soup was also very flavorful.I can't think of anything I'd improve on when it comes to the food.  Just remember that your eyes are larger than your stomach.  No one's going to think less of you if you suggest splitting an entree here!
3	As soon as we arrived in Vegas we headed for the Bacon Waffles.  This is a very chill but popular place.  The servings are huge, and the pancake (yes you get 1) is bigger than your head.  Its not the worlds best breakfast food, but its better than your local IHOP.  The menu choices can sound a little "out there" so have an open mind once you get there.  To me, most of the choices were too eclectic, but the Bacon Waffle was good. If you are in Vegas for breakfast or brunch, its worth taking a visit.  I know I would give it another go around.
5	OMG ate there on 1/4/09 had the SNICKER Pancake. It was the BOMB! Also had the potatoes that were to die for. I will be back for sure. Really a cool place. Don't tell anyone else, keep this to yourself. You'll be glad you did!!!! BIG PORTIONS-share what you order.
4	Wow. This place was better than expected!!!Since I consider myself more of a connoisseur of "weird" foods as well as ethnic cuisines, I am not often excited by American concept foods. I do like uniqueness and thus upon buying a gift certificate to this place wanted to give "Twisted Farm Food" a try....and I'm VERY glad I did!!!First, I am a big atmosphere junkie and Hash House Delivered 5 stars in this category. I liked the contemporary, slightly country decor. I dined here around holiday time, so there was Xmas tree decorated and placed smack in the middle--which added more to the whimsical atmosphere and the modern touches to the place. I liked the huge, modern and slightly utility-like looking tables/chairs and silver metal touches. A++ for decor!Our appetizers were also rather delicious. Polenta and sirloin dish was extremely appetizing and flavorful! I'm craving it right now! Salad, however, was a bit overpriced and was the only item that was not large in size. I felt that lettuce was a bit wilted and flavors were not as full as they should have been. Very average at best for the salad.Of course we tried waffles and chicken for dinner!!! This dish was more fun then super delicious, however with the humongous portion sizes and many stalks of sage, I got to love this dish' homey flavors and how can you not like the "baked in bacon" in the huge waffle? Aroma around the place was delicious! Think bacon mixed with sage. Yum. (I liked how all dishes had a similar sage decoration, it was very weird, but in a good, unique way).Service was superb! Probably the best I've ever had. Not hovering over the table and interrupting, but being sweet and always quick with refills, recommendations and plate service.I will definitely be back to this place! I do suggest sharing meals, and even with the extra plate fee (often waived), you will leave filled and even have left overs!
5	ALL breakfasts should be this rock-n-roll!Jude and my eyes were definitely bigger than our stomachs, but do we care?  Hells no.  Bring on the carbs!We shared their griddled French toast *and* bacon waffle.In ADDITION, J had sausage gravy with biscuits.  I tackled their HH meatloaf hash - with roasted red peppers, fresh spinach, and smoked mozzarella.  It was a brekkie explosion in our booth.When all is said and done, we end up with massive leftovers.  The bacon waffle was good, but not great.  The French toast won out.  This menu has to be one of the best I've seen in a very long time.Note:  I've been to the San Diego outpost, and it was nice to have a decent waiting area and spacious dining room.  Made the experience that much better.
2	Came here w/ a large family group and were seated in a HUGE booth; ample room for everyone. We were given breakfast and lunch menus; it was around 10:45 when we came in. After 15 minutes of discussing drinks back and forth. When ordering, 3 of the juices we wanted were not available - that knocks down a star. Then we realized some of us had different menus BUT most of us made our food choices. We asked the waiter who seemed to be annoyed by our presence, and he hastily snagged the menus from our hands... minus one star. Lunch started at 11:30 - I was willing to wait but again he seemed annoyed and having to ask if that was OK - minus one star. Food came out in HUGE portions. Chicken house hash was yummy! I got the stuffed burger w/ bacon and mashed potatoes - yummy less the spicy funky sauce that was drizzled all over it... I had to ask what the spices were 3 times bc I'm allergic to certain ones and the waiter kept coming back but w/ no answer. minus another star. My food was cool by the time i dove into it. The chicken and waffles was HUGE - like 4 ppl couldn't finish. waffles were dense w/ slices of bacon laid across the middle... eh, nothing special. all in all cool restaurant, good music, hearty portions, but you get a low rating bc your waiter was a jerk, and didn't care about food allergies at the table... not cool.
3	The Hash House a Go Go is in an interesting place, located near car dealerships and your typical businesses. I was expecting it to be somewhere on the strip, but luckily it was easy to find right off of Sahara. It's a stand alone building with it's own lot. As I was told, the restaurants specializes in breakfast, although you can order lunch or dinner food as well. Breakfast is served all day. Portions are gigantic! I mean, huge, so come hungry. Unfortunately, I didn't come starving. I ordered a some drink called Watermelon-Lemonade, I may have the name wrong, but if you mention it to your server, they'll know what your talking about. It was sooooo good. For my meal, I was plain Jane and ordered a flap jack. It's so big, it hangs over the plate. I literally ate half of the inside of the flap jack. For the service and overall food experience, I'd rate them 3 stars. I would definitely return again and probably order something completely different though. I wasn't too impressed with the flap jack.
4	Definitely a place to go for breakfast in Vegas!This place fills up, so go early or be prepared to wait for a seat.The pancakes are delicious!  Highly recommend.  I would return just to have a pancake.  Yup, like everyone else .. the pancake (1) is HUGE.  But, they are also good.  I got to try the banana pancake.  It was cooked well, with a slight crispyness.  The coffee is better than the reviews here.  Our waiter was good, making sure that my coffee cup was full, answering our questions and making it a fun breakfast.I split the "tractor driver" with my wife.  It wasn't as big as I was expecting from the reviews on yelp. "Farm food with a twist"!
2	Sad.  You charge $20 for an omelette, but you're too cheap to buy real Tabasco.  The "gunk" in the bottle didn't even LOOK like Tabasco. And here's a real hot newsflash:  an empty water glass is there for a reason. Man, what a waste.
5	Just got back from Vegas, Baby! OK. I'll stop that in a few more minutes, but it's really fun to say.  On Sunday, my BF and I went to Hash House a Go Go for brunch. We arrived a little after 10 AM and were told that there was a 15 minute wait. The wait ended up being more like 25 minutes and BF does not wait well. Our server was great. Our coffee and water arrived within a couple minutes. I ordered the Corned Beef Hash. I figure that if this is a hash house they should be able to do this right. This was without a doubt the best corned beef hash I've ever eaten.  It came out on a platter. When people say that the portions are generous, that's an understatement. The corned beef was shredded, mixed with swiss cheese and put it over these amazing potatoes. It was served with a real biscuit and eggs. I like my eggs over hard. I hate runny yolks. I've sent eggs back at many a fine establishment. THIS PLACE GOT MY EGGS RIGHT!!!BF got a pumpkin cranberry waffle. It was huge. Served with butter and whipped cream. Yummy! There was so much food that we ended up switching place, he finished my hash and I finished his waffle.  The next time I go to Vegas, this is going to be a regular stop. Even BF admitted that the food was worth the wait. This place knows how to make a fat girl happy!
4	Nothing can be said that hasn't already been said.Very reasonalby priced,,Enormous,gourmet farm fresh with great atmosphere & service.I enjoyed the fried green tomatoes,pork tenderloin,chicken sandwich and my son had a medium pizza sized pancake breakfast for $5.Check out restaurant.com for a $25 Gift Certificate-get additional 50% off CODE: Vegas.A must try!
5	Twisted Farm Food.Wow, on our last trip to Vegas, a friends had a car and we took a trek off the strip to the Hash House Ago Go in Vegas. Wow what a treat.  They are know for there big food and awesome hashes.  The restaurant's one-pound stuffed burger is a prime example of the gut-busting gourmet comfort food menu. The dinning room is very comfortable with booths and tables with stainless steel tabletops fill the warm and inviting space. Very Urban Farm is the best way to describe the setting. Music was very interesting, was not what I expected. A mix of down tempo beats, chill-out tunes and a mix of sing-a- long hip hop favorites. Totally loved it. (Jamming Out to OPP with Lunch rocked my world)The Chicken and Waffles was a rock star item on the menu. Also very good where the Meatloaf sandwich and the Hammered porkloin sandwich. Service was good and friendly.*** UPDATE******Hash House now has a location located on the strip in the Imperial Palace Hotel.So if you are in the area stop by.
4	I've been to the Hash House several times and always enjoy it. Large portions and some interesting takes on the usual breakfast favorites. I've really liked everything I've ever ordered here. It's reasonably priced for the massive portions. The best part is watching first timers react to the plate size. The hashes and benedicts are quite good. I'd stick to something a little more interesting on the menu... A friend ordered the vanilla waffle and as expected it was rather large but there wasn't enough butter or syrup in the world to make that thing not come off as super dry due to it's rather large size. So get waffle or pancakes that comes with something on it to break up the massive breadiness.
2	3-18-09 around noon, my wife's birthday, she loves corned beef hash, I found your restaurant on restaurant.com and thought this would be perfect.We went to the Las Vegas restaurant, and needless to say we were very  disappointed.My food was coldMy mother asked for coffee, she was delivered coffee and creamer, no spoonI asked for butter for my wife and I, as the ran by she  waitress dropped a cup of butter that was almost empty, barely enough for a  1/2  of a biscuit.Then to top it off I had bought a coupon from Resraurant.com,  I failed to notice that that coupon said "Dinner" on it, the waitress said that she could not accept it.  She said that there was a different coupon for Breakfast and that I should have used that one.  I asked to talk to the manager, I explained the situation to the manager, she said sorry she could not honor the coupon that "we lose money on those anyway"  I found her response to be disturbing, you do not issue coupons to make money, you do it to draw new customers to your establishment.  Although the coupon error was my fault, I thought that maybe she would see fit to offer me some sort of discount, offer me the discount of the "Breakfast" coupon or something, you know the old "the customer is always right" adage, I have been to dozens of restaurants where they have taken expired coupons, etc, because they want to make the customer happy.  Apparently this manager did not see the need to make the customer feel better, just to make a buck.    I know that this customer will not be back and I will not recommend this place to anyone else either.
2	This is a Dinner review - used a restaurant.com coupon I admit, i'm a HHGG breakfast fan though the last couple trips were slight letdowns. As to Dinner - definitely not a fan. Took my daughter and 3 of her friends. Entrees included a couple salads - caesar and some, sort of chicken. Chicken n biscuits and i had the chicken n waffles. Service was painfully slow. I was ticked about putting us at a table at the bathroom entrance when the restaurant was less than 1/2 full. The food - about the only highlight - the pre-meal biscuits 'n honey. my waffles had the texture of being pre-cooked and then over-warmed in the microwave ! Sad to say, HHGG is stricken from the rotation !
4	My man and I decided to check this place out after hearing about the fun menu items, and the HUGE portions. I also heard they had a giant pancake there - and we all know that I love a good pancake.HOLY COW the pancake was the size of a pizza pie! And so good, I might add. My man ordered a steak sandwich. It was so big, it came to the table with a steak knife through it, instead of a toothpick. We had a great time laughing at ourselves for attempting to eat the over-sized food. The portions may have been enormous, but the prices were surprisingly moderate. Definitely a fun place to check out!
4	Open-ceiling interior with exposed black-painted utility ductwork, shiny Diamond Plate adorn the walls... with the head of one inch nuts around the edges to fasten the Plate to the wall; tables plated with shiny steel; old black-and-white photographs adorn the walls reminding everyone of this restaurant's Indiana farming heritage; remnants of farm equipment are strategically placed on some of the walls... parts of a windmill fan... turnbuckles; and Brown Grocery Bags are provided for guaranteed Take-Home leftovers. These are some of the sights you will see and experience when dining at Hash House a Go Go.Wait till you see the food when brought to other patrons... you WILL be intimidated.... I guarantee it! The farm people from Indiana must be related to Paul Bunyan in some respects.... serving sizes are double, no... triple that of other restaurants. I exaggerate NOT!On the menu today....Buttermilk Biscuits (*** 1/2) with a shiny Honey-Glaze on the outside are a complimentary precursor to your meal. Do not, I repeat DO NOT consume these Biscuits! The restaurant will try to tempt you with small Stainless Steel cups of Butter and Honey... but don't do it! The second problem is that you can't take 'em home... they'll be hard as a rock the next day. They're about three inches across by another three inches high. They'll just ruin your dinner. I've warned you...Boston Hash (*** $14.95) Crispy Potatoes in two inch chunks, mixed onions, fresh tomatoes crowned with Hash House a Go Go's famous all blue Crab Cake drizzled with Horseradish Cream and served with probably a four-egg mixture of Scrambled Eggs with stalks of Asparagus and strings of Fried Pasta as Garnish. And all served on a three inch deep by eight inch square Iron Skillet. Opinion - I like the humongous serving sizes... but did anyone from the restaurant perform taste testing? The Crab would have been better served within the Egg Scramble mixture. The Country Potato concoction was barely surviving bland in flavor.... Add some Green or Red Peppers, FGS. Despite the presence of Horseradish... could not provide enough flavor contrast to save the entree.Chicken & Waffles (****-Kathy's rating... she's pretty easy. $12.95) On Friday Nights - the Chicken and Waffles are ONLY $12.95! This is an unbelievable BARGAIN! Huge, and I mean HUGE pieces of Chicken... white Chicken pieces resting on top of four Bacon-infused Waffle Squares topped with some fancy-schmancy Onion Rings with some fried Green Onions thrown in which gave it an Oriental flavor. I'm not kidding... the Waffles are embedded with BACON! Looked like Mt Everest when brought to the table. Kathy, my daughter, let me try some of the Sage rubbed herb Chicken... super, super tender pieces of meat. My own opinion... dump the Sage herbs when frying the pieces of Chicken. Maybe I'm just used to plain ol' Fried Chicken with just Salt & Pepper when consuming with Waffles.Lemonade (****) Iced TeaTotal: $35.99Service (****) Server was on top of everything, always topped our drinks on time. Very talkative.... despite not knowing very much about the restaurant management. In fact, she admitted, before working at Hash House, she NEVER heard of or tasted Chicken & Waffles or even had Meat Loaf. Now, that's a different kind of virgin that I've heard of!Dessert - You've got to be kidding! If you finish the Biscuits and whatever you ordered for Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner.... there will be NO room for Dessert!Virtually everyone, and I mean EVERYONE, had their leftovers bagged in plain brown Grocery Bags to be taken home. Does the presence of leftovers translate into a 5-star rating? No, I don't think so.
4	The only thing I want to say is you got to be prepared for the portions of the food. COME HUNGRY!!! The prices are definitely steep but they match the size of the servings.I love the quality of the food. It is fresh and tasty. My favorite part of my meal was the mashed potatoes. YUM!!!!!!I would classify this place as a special occasion restaurant. I see myself coming back to celebrate something or when I have a visitor in town. It really has a nice ambiance.
4	Hash House to me is more of a novelty restaurant than anything else...of course the yummy food is always a big plus!I love taking friends from out of town to Hash House for couple of reasons: its a cool local restaurant, the food is good, the price is fair, and the wow factor of the size of the dishes and they way they present them!I've been there many times, and most items on the menu taste good except for a couple things that I won't be ordering again knowing something else on the menu taste way better:mango & coconut flapjack - its's kinda weird and flavorlessbutternut squash risotto - it's kinda greasy and tastelessFor dessert, do try their strawberry cobbler....mmmm soooo gooood!
4	This place is great after a night of drinking and gambling. My coffee with bailey's was perfectly matched with my breakfast, Andy's sage fried chicken - Indiana favorite. The menu is full of yummy stuff. Don't go if you expect a healthy meal - this is strictly meant for the meat and potatoes crowd.They have unique menu items like OHare of the dog(a tall can beer served with an order of bacon) and a special called the Boston Melt(large crab cakes on top of a homemade biscuit covered in cheese served with French fries). Portions are generous (I mean dishes are served on platters, you know the platters you see at Thanksgiving dinner?). You definitely get your money's worth. The place is always packed and the service could be a little slow, depending on the crowd, but a definite must in Vegas.
4	My wife and I have eaten here several times. It has always been very good. The best time to go is around 11 AM, when they will usually let you order from both the breakfast and lunch menus - (breakfast menu is better).For breakfast, I like their scrambles better than the hash. But my favorite for breakfast is the sage fried chicken benedict. It's a huge piece of boneless chicken on top of a buttermilk biscuit, topped with scrambled eggs, tomatoes, bacon and mozzarella cheese. It comes with a side of griddled (mashed) potatoes. It is all drizzled in a chipotle cream sauce, which is a little spicy. IT IS HUGE!! You will be eating leftovers! For lunch I like the one pound stuffed hamburgers with a side of au gratin potatoes. The ham and egg stuffed hamburger is very good. Is any of this stuff good FOR you? Probably not. They do have some salads with vinaigrette dressings for the more healthy diets, but most of the menu is heavy meals and outrageous portions.  It's a great place to go for the "wow" factor.  The prices are moderate, the quality very good and the staff has been friendly.  We will keep going back and trying new menu items.
4	This is just like the one in Hillcrest in San Diego with the modern, industrial decor. We arrived here around 10 something in the morning on a Wednesday.The style of food is "farm fresh food with a twist". Definitely do not come here alone to eat, since the portions are perhaps the biggest I've come across that literally one flapjack can feed at least 4 kids. We had breakfast,  1 person had a pork sandwich (which was had the meat size of 3 sandwiches!), 1 person had the salad. Unless you're starving for the whole day, I recommend that you share the entrees or order the simple breakfast entree for yourself.Everyone enjoyed their food whether it be the flapjacks, eggs benedict, scrambles or salad. The hot drinks whether it be their banana lattes or cappuccino or mocha were all good.Service was good as well.
5	I got the Chicken and Waffles (Andy's Sage Fried Chicken w/ maple reduction with Bacon Waffle!) Yup, you heard me... BACON!! Bacon in the waffles.  The portion is huge. 5 waffles and two chicken pieces. Well worth it. The maple reduction sauce on the chicken was very tasty. I didn't want to use any ketchup for the chicken.
3	Here's the thing, the breakfast here is really good!!!! Good down home breakfast food and huge portions! The service was... not so much, but..... We were a large group of 14 about 11-11:30 on a Sunday with no reservation. LOL Yeah.... just happened that way. (if my mom organized it, it wouldn't have!) Well our server totally couldn't handle it! Now we are not the complaining type and we certainly knew that we had thrown them off on an already busy Sunday Morning and we were having a good time with our Bloody Mary's and Mimosa's and I am sure there were some other drinks in there but anyway.... My feeling on this is If they made room to accommodate us then they probably should have known to give us a server or two that could manage it and have the other servers pick up additional tables. (I have worked in restaurants and this should be a no brainer) especially with the amount of staff that was present! She was so frazzled that when several of us had requested tortillas instead of muffins or toast and our breakfasts came out with rolls; we reminded her that we had requested tortillas she asked for all of our rolls back! Really?!?!?!? For What?!??! Is she gonna drop them off at another table????? Not that we wanted the rolls but really, you want it back?!?!?!? She did either rethink this or was told no because when she came back to the table she didn't want it anymore. THANK GOODNESS! Of course we have and will continue to go back. But never as a large party on a Sunday Morning without a reservation! Unless of course we have a few Bloody Marys or Mimosa's before hand! LOL
5	We went to HHGG last week - mainly because I had a coupon for it from Restuarant.com and the Yelp reviews were so good.  This place DEFINITELY lives up to the hype.  We had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken with bacon mashed potatoes and the brown sugar and banana flapjacks.  Best breakfast I've ever had!  I can't wait to go back!
2	We were very disappointed in our dining experience, looking forward to a nice dinner on Friday night. I've been to Hash House a Go Go previously for a business dinner, but it was my husband's first time(and last, unfortunately).  I had the Blue Crab Cakes(which were very good) and my husband ordered the swordfish.  His swordfish was horribly undercooked, it was so rubbery it could not be cut with a knife, so he sent it back.  The second  piece was still undercooked in the center, but by this point, we really just wanted to get our check and go.  Our server let us know the chef would be buying our dessert for the problem with the swordfish.  My husband ordered the cheesecake.  Ten minutes later, we were told they were out of cheesecake.  I don't know if it was an off night in the kitchen or what, so we ordered the cobbler and then 10 minutes later, told it was going to be another 10 minutes while it was heated in the oven. The cobbler was fine, but we felt our dinner out was a huge let down.  We were extremely disappointed, my husband certainly will not give them another try and it's going to be a long time before I will go back.
3	I want to love this place, but in the end I ended up just liking it. My husband and I went here to try something different from our normal breakfast/brunch haunts like The Coffee Cup in Boulder City or one of the champagne brunches at the Bellagio or Mandalay Bay. With that said, the place was ok. There was a bit of a wait and for some reason the chef either really likes rosemary or his supplier gave him an excess that was unreasonable that he had to get rid of it somehow. I ordered the chicken and waffles and my husband ordered the meatloaf hash. For drinks I had the bloody mary and he had the orange juice since he had to go into work in a few hours. You can't really complain about orange juice and the bloody mary was just ok, the whole time I was drinking it I just kept thinking about the bloody mary I had at Rosemary's, which was AWESOME!, and I guess nothing could really compare to that so I can't really complain. As for the food, the meatloaf hash....well I think they got the order wrong because it actually looked like it was a sausage hash or something like that. My husband gave me a bite and I just couldn't believe that that bite contained anything that would resemble meatloaf. One it was pale, and it was somewhat rounded like it was a chicken sausage. He said that it was meatloaf but honestly, unless it was a chicken or turkey meatloaf I just couldn't understand why the "meat" was pale like that. As for my chicken and waffles, it was ok. Maybe i'm used to Roscoe's in LA, but the chicken was dry and the waffles was just too soft for me. The only saving grace was the fried leeks. The long piece of rosemary running through it was just ridiculous! With every bite all I smelled and tasted was the rosemary, I thought it was supposed to be "sage" fried chicken? Why not have fresh sage on the dish? The dish was bearable after my husband took that branch of rosemary off my dish and onto his side of the table. I felt bad cause he also had a branch of rosemary on his plate however it would have been considered a "mini" compared to the HUGE branch I got on my plate. New York Times Favorite or whatever they claim on their menu?!?...Either I got screwed on the chicken and the extra rosemary order the day before or maybe the New York Times critic was high when he/she decided to make it a favorite. Sorry I'm just not a fan of inedible garnishes that just don't make any sense on a plate. The ambiance and building itself was pretty cool, the staff was dressed as greasers, you could see their "real" hair under thier wigs. haha. For the same price of breakfast for the both of us we could have gotten champagne brunch at either Mandalay Bay or Bellagio and that is with just one of us getting a drink, just one drink!  We want to love this place so we will try it again and order different things, hopefully it won't be as bad as it was our first time.
5	Hash House a YES YES!!!I saw the Hash House a Go-Go featured on one of the Vegas morning shows during a recent business trip and decided we would check it out on our next trip to Vegas... boy we certainly weren't disappointed. This is probably one of my top three places to go for breakfast now.They describe the menu as 'twisted farm food', which is a good way of describing it. Everything is made fresh and it is all good. You can get a traditional bacon & eggs if you like, but if you want to be more adventurous, you can try something like the Salmon & Brie Scramble with a side of grilled mashed potatoes (yes... MASHED POTATOES FOR BREAKFAST!!! How can you not love that?!) The various hashes are a specialty. I particularly was taken with the french toast with pecans and grilled banana. YUM! Also, the don't pass up one of their biscuits with homemade jam (they come with most meals). All the portions were HUGEMONGUS so make sure you're hungry and don't plan on eating for the rest of the day! We barely made a dent in our breakfasts when we went there. This would be a good place to go as a group and get a bunch of different things and eat it all family style. The service was friendly and attentive which made the experience all the more enjoyable. This place is quite a bit off the strip on W. SAHARA, so a cab ride would probably cost a bit. Its best if you have your own transportation. I do believe the Deuce Bus goes out there also. If you're looking for a great place where the locals go, check this place out.We enjoyed it so much we decided to go back one more time before we left town and I'm sure we'll be back again.If you leave here hungry, you just ain't tryin'.
5	This modern upscale breakfast joint really knows how to tantalize my taste buds. Started with a tangerine mimosa to drink, which was highly recommended on Yelp. Thumbs up! Freshly sqeezed juice is always a plus for me. I enjoyed the tangy sweetness and I'll admit it one got me a little tipsy. The bf and I wanted to split two plates, so our adventure began. I had to try the Roasted Chicken House Hash, Eggs, and Sausage. They didn't have Canadian bacon, what a bummer. Then the second order was The Tractor Driver Combo. The combo included Brown Sugar Banana Flapjack, Eggs, and Potatoes. The waitress Ky told me it was the #1 seller. You get to choose your Flapjack flavor out of: Traditional Buttermilk, Blueberry Pecan, Blackberry Granola, Snickers, Butterscotch Almond, Apple Cinnamon, Mango Coconut, and Strawberry Frosted Flake. The food comes out quick, the place was busy for a Monday afternoon. I really like the set up, service was amazing, and the food is killer even warmed up in the microwave later on. Portions are huge! So you might wanna split an order or have breakfast the next day like I'll be having. That's when you know you have found a jem.
4	I thought Cheesecake Factory is the only restaurant that serves oversize portions, boy was I wrong! Hash House a Go Go serves gigantic portions with its unique menu items, from Chicken and Waffles to elegant prepared Mahi Mahi with blue crab cake.Hubby and others ordered the special for the night, which was the Chicken and Waffles for $12.95 compared to $18 something on other nights. When it came out, it was taller than me (sitting down, of course). I was very surprised that the chicken were 2 thick pieces of huge breast meat. The chicken was crispy and a little sweet from the glaze. I thought the batter may need a little bit more seasoning but still decent.I ordered the Mahi Mahi with blue crab cake ($27). The presentation looked like I was at a fancy 5 stars restaurant; it was gorgeous. The taste was different but good enough for me to almost finished the entire entree. The dish started out with a bed of two mounds of mashed potatoes, then layered with with two pieces of Mahi Mahi and then the blue crab cake which was covered with the pesto sauce. It also came with a side of carrots.Over all the experience was enjoyable because the entree were fun to look at and atmosphere was nice.The service was great. We arrived here 30 minutes before closing, and still sat all seven us down with a friendly smile. They didn't rush or anything even though we felt bad.
5	After going to bed around 6am and getting up at noon, and before hitting the road for the long drive back to LA Sunday afternoon, we decided to come here for brunch since our friend that lives there raved about it.  We had to speed there from our friend's house since they stop serving on Sundays at 2:30pm, but thankfully we made it in time.  They serve "twisted farm food" and plenty of it.  Their menu is filled with plenty of heavy meat, eggs and potato dishes.  The kind of food you want to eat a lot of and then take a nap.  They have various brunch food including hash dishes, scrambles, flapjacks, French toast, waffles, stuffed burgers, sandwiches, salads and benedicts, as well as a section titled "Indiana Favorites".  Being from Indiana, I knew I'd love this place once I saw that.I decided on the "Tractors Driver Combo", which includes 2 eggs with bacon, sausage or potatoes and flapjacks, waffle or griddled French toast.  Since half the items on the menu feature bacon, I decided to get that as the side.  I had to get the griddled French toast dipped in banana cinnamon cream with pecan maple syrup.  The eggs and bacon were good, but the star of the dish was definitely the French toast.  2 pieces of fluffy French toast with pecan maple syrup, whole pecans and a cooked banana sliced in half lengthwise.  Amazing.  Possibly the best French toast I've had.  Maybe not the best thing to eat before having to drive 5 hours since I just wanted to sleep afterwards, but worth it nonetheless.  A couple of interesting dishes on the brunch menu are the "O'Hare of the dog", which is a 24 ounce Budweiser with a side of bacon and the chicken and waffles, which unfortunately didn't look as good as chicken and waffles from Roscoe's in LA, but did include a full piece of bacon cooked into each waffle.The atmosphere was very cool, kind of hip and kind of country, and the service was adequate.  The prices were reasonable, given that you get big plates of food.  I think our bill for 4 people came out to around $80 or so.  In addition to the great food, they were playing a very interesting mix of music.  From REM to Notorious B.I.G. to Sting to the Beatles to Gwen Stefani to Justin Timberlake to Elvis Costello.  Something for everyone I guess, but thankfully no country music.
5	Everyone has got to try this place at least once in their lives. It is a random find on my brother and his gf's part, but dang it's good, on a sunday morning after waking up from a long night of partying in vegas, you want something good to eat. I went there with my family on a sunday morning and it was a bit crowded but worth the wait. I had their breakfast special and I think it was fried chicken on top of mashed potatoes, onion straws and toast, and bacon and it was just unique but hella good! Check out their website too theres some great stuff there, i wish they had one in LA area...
5	One platter can fill the needs of two hungry people. Three not so hungry people. A group of 5 for a snack. Get liquor in your coffee starting at 7:30 am. I would suggest the Mexican coffee. Loved the house smoked salmon w/ basil pesto, fresh tomato and melted brie cheese. Must get the french toast.
5	Best Fried Chicken I ever had! I had the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict with chipotle cream sauce.  Not only was the portion huge.  It was very very tasteful...so good that it is my profile picture.I also had the organic tangerine juice. On my second visit, I had the blueberry pecan pancake...good, but way too big.  Unless you can eat an XL pizza sized pancake, I would not recommend this order for yourself.  I would say this serves about 3-4 people. Tip: Come starving or share because you will not be able to finish the portions.
4	CHICKEN + WAFFLES + THE KING OF POP?!? I had no idea when I walked into Hash House a Go Go for the first time that all the servers would be dressed as Michael Jackson! Moonwalker Michael was there, Black or White Michael, Jackson 5 afro Michael was there...you get the point. They played all of MJ's hits during brunch and it was a totally fun atmosphere. On to the food... When I see the words 'chicken' and 'waffles' on a menu I really don't need to look any further. What arrived was a jaw-dropping, head-turning architectural digest-worthy tower of juicy fried chicken and waffles. Also stunning was the corned beef hash which they served on a massive cast iron skillet and the mouth-stretching double cheese burger. The food was all very good although the standouts for me were the fries (dipped in the maple glaze!), corned beef, and their bloody marys.
5	The Hash House is totally twisted! Huge portions and delicious plates for breakfest, lunch, and dinner. You definitely get what you pay for
5	I love going to Hash House A Go Go. So much fun to go there for Breakfast and get the massive pancake (notice that is not plural). It's huge and they have some crazy types to try. Last time I went, I had a Brown Sugar Banana pancake and it was so good. I would also recommend going on Friday nights to have the Chicken and Waffles! Why Friday? Well, it has a special reduced price only on Friday, which runs about 12.95 and you could definitely share this with someone else. Two chicken breasts and 2 waffles (with bacon inside). So if you want some good food for a medium price, don't hesitate and get down there and try it out.
3	My hubby and I went there on date night on a Saturday around 5 or 6 p.m. The portions are notoriously massive and I've heard breakfast is their specialty so we may try it again. My honey loved the chicken and waffles and literally feasted on it for an entire week. I had the pork sandwich which I didn't care for but I did love the rib appetizer and biscuits. We didn't care much for the garnishings which looked like they fell from a pine tree but it was nice to see someone try something truly creative in this town. Just have an open mind and palate.
4	I haven't been here in about a year and I missed it alot! My younger sister introduced me to Hash House and I fell in-love at first bite.  Ambiance is upbeat yet comfy, staff is friendly, price is reasonable, food is excellent.  Best all-day breakfast restaurant on my list!
4	I went here with my GF for some breakfast on a slow monday morning. Interior: Clean, quaint, country/diner like feel.Service: Our waitress was awesome. She was attentive, down to earth, and gave us great suggestions. Food: HUGE portions. I ordered the HH meatloaf House Hash. I was a great mix of meatloaf, potatoes, eggs, spinach, cheese, etc. I really enjoyed this dish. The meatloaf was well prepared and seasoned perfectly. The biscuits were creamy and fluffy. I couldn't finish the damn thing, so i spent the rest of the day and parts of the next morning eating it. The GF got the sage chicken, which was awesome as well. Juicy and moist. We also tried to share a blue berry walnut pancake, but failed miserably. We finished about 1/3 and gave up. It was very good though. Overall, it was a great dining experience. The prices were very reasonable, the service was great, and the food was good. I'll be back, but probably only once every 3 months. I don't think my body can handle all the stomach stretching calories. LOL.
4	Ah, the famous hash house a go go.  I was dying to try this place for months and was very pleased with the food.  Between 3 of us, we ordered:Meatloaf Hash - very good, moist, tasty and full of flavor...potatoes that it came with were a bit bland and nothing special, biscuit was good once you added some butter and jam, but dry by itselfBrown Sugar Banana Pancake - the best thing we ordered...brown sugar carmelizes the outside for a nice sweet and crispy textureBlueberry Pecan Pancake - nothing special, just a giant blueberry pancakeBanana French Toast - another excellent item...just like the pancakes, the brown sugar coating makes it nice and crisp...you dont even really need syrup for it...Quesadilla - humungous!...probably about an inch and a half thick and full of eggs and potatoes...could have used some meat in it to make it better...this is something the table should share, rather than one person eating it for sure...And surprisingly, with 2 girls and me, we ate it ALL.  The waitress said, she "had never seen anything like it before."  haha  My friends and I can eat and when you see us, you would never expect it. Overall, this place is excellent and I would return.  Next try, the fried chicken benedict, which was gigantic and looked delicious.
4	Hash House A Go Go!  And no....it's not a strip club with go-go dancers that serve you breakfast! (Even though I know it's Vegas and all).So I've been to the San Diego location and really enjoyed the place.  When I found out there was one out in Vegas, I figured we must check it out. I was not disappointed!As usual, the portions were humongo-licious! Pictures just can't describe the astonishment you feel when that plate arrives at your table.  I still feel this place is more about "quantity" than "quality" though.  But even so, HH is really good and a must place to visit. You do get your money's worth with the amount of food you get!We had a large party and ordered a number of different dishes. There were lots of food, so we shared to try everything. The Andy's Fried Chicken Benedict was awesome and the blueberry pancake was so big it almost fell off the plate. I had the Andy's Chicken and Waffles which I totally enjoyed but what I really liked (and will probably order next time) is the French Toast.  It was topped with banana cinnamon cream and pecan maple syrup.  Aww man, that was bomb-diggy-diggy.It's not just the size of the food, but the presentation was great too.  Some of the dishes looked so good, you weren't sure if you should eat it or just admire it for a bit. We ended up taking a few pics with our grub.Props to our server who was awesome and very attentive. Took care of us well and was quick to refill our drinks.  Only thing I found weird was that there's no hash browns on the menu.  With a name like "Hash" House you'd think they'd have it.  My bro ordered the crispy potatoes thinking that was the same, but unfortunately it's not. Just crispified blocks of potatoes, which were still good anyway.  I may have the ask our server about the hash brown thing next time(and there will be a next time!)Overall, I totally recommend coming here if you are in Vegas.  Prices are affordable and its so much better than many of the breakfast buffets in town.Prepare to move your belt a few notches over when you're done.
4	What can I say about a place that serves breakfast or anyone of there meals on platters. Not plates. Platters. We couldn't believe the size of everything they served. But being the little pigs that we are, we still managed to order three full meals for the two of us. We started off with the banana brown sugar pancake(enormous) with caramelized sugar on top. What a pancake , it was the size of a throw pillow filled with banana's. Delicious to look at and taste. Next meal for a family of four was the fried chicken benedict. This dish was layered with the following: potatoes home fried, buttermilk biscuits(two),raw spinach and tomatoes,four slices of bacon, giant boneless fried chicken breast (what a breast),three scrambled eggs, deep fried spears of spaghetti, fried cheese, chipolte sauce smothering it all. The plate of food was stacked so high it was a tower. The third dish was the chicken and waffles, six waffles with the bacon cooked inside the waffle, then two enormous fried and boneless chicken breasts, topped with maple syrup, another towering inferno of calories. Everything was really delicious. Service was actually pretty good since there were customers all over the place. It took 45 minutes to get a seat, then we ordered and the waitress said the food would be out in another 45 minutes. Surprisingly It didn't effect my mood, I was just giddy with anticipation of the GIANT meal we  would be partaking in. I can't wait to try the one in San Diego.
4	They weren't kidding with this "Twisted Farm Food" stuff. Definitely twisted and definitely humongous!!!I ordered the Pork Benedict $14.95 (Crispy hand hammered pork tenderloin w/ market yellow tomato, spinach, bar b' que cream, topped w/ scrambled eggs) oh and I forgot, it was also piled high on biscuits and mashed potatoes - definitely not your traditional Benedict, but I loved every bit of it. I seriously had food coma after four bites so I recommend sharing if you're not a fat-ass. I also got the Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade $4.50, a very cute and tasty multi-colored drink with a huge piece of watermelon off to the side of the glass. It was nice to have something refreshing after consuming all those carbs. (And BTW, I had the intentions of visiting this place way before Adam from Man Vs. Food did. LOL, I felt like I had to put that in there).
5	Huge Huge Huge portions! A bit of advice, if u go there in a group, have everyone order a different plate and then share it family style! I got what was featured on the Man V. Food show, the sage fried chicken benedict?Best part...Bud in a bag. They give you a tall can of Budweiser that you drink in a brown bag...damn...When in Rome right?
5	I saw Rachael Ray go and visit this place on her best of Vegas show and not the $40 a day show.  I was intrigued with how cool the place seemed overall but a bit apprehensive since she has steered me down the wrong path once.  At this place, they offered a bunch of typical breakfast fare with a sort of a modern fusion twist.  That is the best that I can describe it.  Be prepared, the portions are HUGE!  I like to think that I have a hearty appetite, but this is enough to share for two--at least for breakfast.  Dinner or lunch might be a bit different.SERVICEWe showed up on a Monday morning and the place was hopping at 10:30.  We didn't have to wait too long before our table became readily available.  Overall, the service was great and friendly.  We were checked upon often and coffee cups were always refilled.FOODThe food was really good and impressed with how fresh things tasted.  No Krusteaz Costco pancake mix here!  Here is a breakdown of what we ordered.- Banana Brown Sugar Pancake: Holy moly!  They serve up a whopping huge pancake that is almost served up on a serving platter.  I would say that the pancake is about 1.5 feet in diameter.  My husband could only tear through about half of it.  The brown sugar was a nice touch as it was added to the top of the pancake and then browned to almost caramel.  OH!  They also have different flavors of pancakes, different fruits, coconut mango, snickers and more!- Bacon Waffle: If you are a fan of the salty sweet.  This is a must try.  When I ordered it, I thought that there would be sprinkles of bacon throughout the waffle.  Instead, there were actual strips which crisscrossed throughout the waffle.  Fancy.TIP #1: Come hungry.  Do not order any sides since all portions are literally super sized.TIP #2: If you can, come on a weekday vs. a weekend.  This place gets ridiculously crazy busy.
5	There is no restaurant better than Hash House! I went to the one in here and then to the one in San Diego. The food is consistently excellent. It never lacks for flavor, quality or presentation. So much to choose from that its easy to go back and try various items. I like to bring people who have never been just to see their expressions when the food comes out because their portions are ridiculous. Its almost as if it regenerates as you eat it!!!! Highly recommended. I wish they would multiply to out here in AZ!!!
4	i'm shocked no one has uploaded a photo of the bloody mary.  it's what will bring me back here for sure.  i mean c'mon......they serve it with a boba straw!!!  no, this is not a chunky bloody mary.  apparently they're just trying to help you drink fast.  at $8, it's well worth it.  by far the best bloody mary i've had.  (comes with 2 olives stuffed w/jalepenos, a pickle and a green bean.)not sure if it's because they just aired the man vs food episode of this place or not, but it was hella crowded.  an hour wait on a sunday at 11am (but not to worry....have a bloody mary at the bar while you wait).  then another 30-45mins wait for the food.  at least the waitress warned us after taking our order, so that's good.the menu scared me, so i ordered a simple scramble.  typical eggs scrambled with ham, spinach and cheese.  nothing special.  the banana french toast though.....fantastic!  about all the other food, check out the pics by the other yelpers.massive portions at not-massive prices.  brunch for 6 was only $110 after tax+tip.
4	Definitely a must go back type of joint. I found out about this place through watching Man vs Food on the Travel Channel. I left the Las Vegas strip in search for this place and it didn't disappoint. Looking over the menu i couldn't decide what to get, eveything looked and sounded good. I ended up with the Sage Fried Chicken which included bacon waffles. As I waited for my meal, I saw other people's orders and was surprised at the huge portions and how the presentation was amazing. As my plate arrived, i knew i was in a little over my head. The two pieces of savory fried chicken and the 4 pieces of bacon waffles all looked tasty. As i started the meal, i knew i made the right choice. The service was friendly and prompt also. I'll be back there when i visit LV again.Note: I went during a weekday so there was no wait. Apparently, the wait on the weekends have been around an hour for seating. So plan ahead.
4	Great place to eat. Portions are huge. The scrambled eggs, omelettes with bacon and fried chicken are a must try. The service is good and they always refill your drinks. You can't go wrong eating here. Can't wait to go back.
3	Dear Hash House a Go Go,Sure we had a rocky start, we had a big group and had to wait 40 minutes for a table. When we were ready, we got a booth while we wanted a table, I take the blame for not being more clear but that was an extra 15 minute wait. We ended up being seated outside.It's Vegas, its friggen hot. With that in mind, I don't know why you had to go back and forth with us with the Misters and Fan when we were the only group outside. When you told us the manager asked you to turn the misters off and we asked to talk to the manager, he never showed up and we ended up leaving the misters on.There was a very tense and awkward moment with your establishment and us, but once the GIGANTIC (I love you for that) portions came out everyone was gleeful and happy. When my friend ordered a entree and a flapjack (he didn't believe me they were big) he was totally overwhelmed by the food and we had the flapjack served like pizza to the whole table.Your food is DELICIOUS, I know that for sure. I could eat your fresh made Jelly all day (strawberry peach was what we had that day) on top of the thick moist biscuits we get with our meals.Suffice to say, we all had take home food which we enjoyed thoroughly. I'll definitely come back to either of your locations, and realistically you're a 4/5 star in my mind, just the sour experience ruined it a bit but not enough for me to stop eating your food.Also sorry for stealing all the jelly on the table...-Ed
4	We joined our out-of-town guests for breakfast this morning, and we figure Hash House A Go Go would be the perfect place.  There was absolutely no wait on a Thursday morning at 8:30 am, but two hours later, there is definitely a wait!* Mushroom, artichoke hearts, sundried tomato & fresh spinach Hash ($11.25) - The hashes "are tossed with crispy potatoes and topped with 2 eggs, served with fresh fruit and biscuit." Two sunny side up eggs sat in the corner of my skillet along with a large biscuit and a generous portion of potatoes and other good stuff.  I ate it all up, sadly enough, minus the biscuit.  And yes, I am still full from my breakfast.  It's a hearty portion alright! I even managed a couple of nibbles of the biscuit with the jam provided on the table.* Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict "w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream & scrambled eggs" ($14.95) - The Husband was looking for the item that was featured on the Travel Channel's Man v. Food, and the waitress said it was this one.  All of their benedicts are "served on a fresh split biscuit with griddled mashed potatoes."  It was a huge pile of something with creamy sauce dripping all over it.  I took a bite, and in retrospect, I don't think I tasted anything beyond the fried chicken and cream sauce!  I did see the generous scrambled egg resting on top of the chicken though!  The Husband did box up the other half since it is such a generous order though.  * Andy's famous Bread pudding topped w/ ice cream and served w/ a cup of coffee ($7.95) - The waitress said the only bread pudding they offered was the Snickers one.  I don't recall a Snickers bread pudding on the menu, and this one didn't taste like there was any Snickers in it.  No cup of coffee arrived with it either.  It was good though.Service was okay, water glasses were refilled in a timely manner. We thought she forgot about our dessert since it was taking longer than usual.  But I think that's when it was busy in the kitchen, so that could explain the lag time.  Overall, Hash House A Go Go is the place to be at for big breakfasts.  (Looking back at my other review, I had a much better experience before!)3.5 stars
4	quintessential breakfast Americana in portions so large that you'll need to be rolled out of there and you'll be knocked into a food coma for a good hour or two...mmmmm....food coma :-)had the blueberry pancake (even though there's only one in the order, it was enough for 4 people)  and meatloaf hash.  also had the smoked salmon hash before at the san diego location.  the hash is what you go for!  served in a skillet, meat and veggies tossed with potatoes (potatoes were perfectly seasoned crispy golden on the outside and soft starchy goodness on the inside), two eggs anyway you like (love the over medium), fruit, and a homemade biscuit, which you MUST eat with the homemade strawberry jam...drool...sorry, lemme wipe nowthere were so many other interesting menu items, like the bloody mary with chicharones and of course fried chicken and waffles.  too bad there isn't one in LA...hint hintthe only draw back for me personally is one of its trademarks, the ginormous portions.  i'm more of a small bites with mucho variety type of girl rather than a portion size that could have me eating the same thing for three meals...but that's just me :-)
2	After seeing this place on Man vs Food, I've decided to give it a shot. Being a local, I found it a bit strange that I haven't visited this place like this until now.I went with a group of friends. I ordered the "signature" chicken and waffles. My other friends ordered fried chicken salad and one of the stuffed burgers.All in all, we were all disappointed in our dishes. The food had little to no flavor to them. They looked amazing, but tasted terrible for what you paid for. The salad was pretty much a simple salad with a piece of bland fried chicken thrown on top of it. The burger had no flavor to it at all. The fried chicken on my waffles were also flavorless. The waffles were a bit dry too.We had a table of people across from us walk out after complaining to the waiter about how bad the food was. I didn't think the food was THAT bad, but I don't think I ever want to come back here.I'd think that this place would be more busy on a Saturday night, but it was pretty empty. Now I can see why. It's not a place worth coming back to.A+ for the presentation of the foodD- for serving this as food
4	My friend told me about this place and when I saw the pictures of the food, sold!!The wait for our table was 45 minutes, which is pretty typical for Vegas I've noticed. Then it got extended to a hour because the people at our supposed booth wouldn't leave. The thing that kept us from leaving? The huge platters of food being brought out.Shared the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken with Maple Reduction. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g8OnV26ywJlZpezdBnOWUQ?select=dbftVwJt5k64QnewOJUXLA) It comes with 2 eggs, bacon, tomatoes, mashed potato, biscuit and fruit. So much food that I couldn't even finish my share! The chicken was soo tender. And the mashed potato...mmm delicious! My friends got the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g8OnV26ywJlZpezdBnOWUQ?select=lBpd6yqIk3pYFrZ7n9z7cw) and Kiwi Lemonade (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g8OnV26ywJlZpezdBnOWUQ?select=tUJzW857Q9RmIInyPlu12Q). The benedict was massive and looked really really good. The lemonade was very cool looking also, although it tasted more like watermelon juice than lemonade.Overall, great brunch. Definitely worth the ride and wait! =D
5	Hash House is a great restaurant to go to for massive portions and delicious food! We had a group of 6 and couldn't finish all of our food for dinner. It was a shame to see the food wasted. We could have ordered 2 dishes and finished everything.We started off with humongous biscuits. They were the size of my fist! The biscuit was pretty good; it wasn't dry. The honey and butter gave it some better flavor. We also asked if there were any fruit jams available from breakfast. There was strawberry jam in the fridge and it was very fresh tasting. Yum!Everyone practically ordered from the breakfast menu. Who wouldn't want breakfast for dinner? We had the following dishes:+ Pacers Hash ($12.95) - The potatoes were crispy and the pork as moist. Fresh corn, green beans, asparagus, scrambled eggs, and fruit also came with the dish. One small gripe was the cheese that covered the dish was a bit too heavy for me. Otherwise, great flavors!+ Boston Hash ($14.95) - The crab cake was pretty good, and the horseradish cream was not overpowering. The tomatoes in the hash made the potatoes a little soggy though. Dish came with asparagus, fruit, and scrambled eggs. + Hammered Pork Tenderloin Benedict ($14.95) - Wow! This dish was awesome! The pork was so moist. I couldn't believe the size of the pork. The creamy sauce was yummy too. Also comes with a biscuit at the bottom.+ Grilled Portabello Mushroom Sandwich ($12.95) - I didn't get to try the sandwich, but I heard that it wasn't bad. Split charge is $2.50 per person. I would definitely come back again and try breakfast during the morning/lunch time. The food is very fresh since the restaurant doesn't own any freezers. You can also visit the Hash House in San Diego. Our waiter told us that there would be another Hash House on the strip in the near future. Yay!Separate men and women bathrooms are in the back of the restaurant.
4	Definitely a place to go if you are uber hungry, and with quantity ALSO comes quality at this establishment.  I have gone to the Hash House in San Diego many times, mostly for breakfast and once for lunch, but I gotta say although this one is so distant, it still has the same standard of quality.  It may SEEM pricy, but for the portions you get (enough for maybe 1-2 other meals), it's worth it.For Dinner our first night on a week long road-trip, we stopped by Vegas to try this place out.  I had the Boston Hash- the crab cakes were pretty tasty- the only other kind I have to compare it to is the one from Rainforest Cafe (EWWWW!!) and Fisherman's wharf in San Francisco (specifically Sabella and Torre- deLish!)  But the breakfast that takes the cake here is the Crispy Hand hammered pork tenderloin benedict.  The pork is just bursting with flavor and the creamy benedict sauce really complements it really well :)  I requested Jam for the huge biscuits that usually come with the entrees, and although they don't have any in the evening, the server was able to find some that was saved from the morning (Thank you!!).  It was strawberry preserves, and although it was really good, the BEST is the fresh fruit one made with blueberry/strawberry/peaches.  I commend them for their excellent service, and hope they perhaps open one in Nor Cal ;)
4	"Hello, stomach? Did you mention that you were hungry? Oh, you did...? Alright, you asked for it.  Get ready to stretch those muscles because we're gonna test your endurance today..."Like many of my fellow Yelpers, I ventured towards Hash House a Go Go after seeing a Man v. Food episode.  This place does not disappoint!  3 people + 2 meals = full stomachs AND leftovers!!  We came in at 8:30 on a Friday morning .  We were promptly seated and attended to.  The menu is extensive, but we finally settled on two dishes and ordered.  We mentioned to the waitress that we had a tight schedule (a 10:00 spa appointment... I know, you're jealous...), and she noted that the service was quick!  Food came to the table and all of our eyes went big.  Yowzah.  Corned Beef House Hash - Corned Beef, red onions and swiss cheese tossed with crispy potatoes & topped w/ 2 eggs, served with fruit and biscuit :: The corned beef itself was just okay; I appreciated that they used strips of real corned beef, but the flavor and texture didn't really wow me.  On its own, nothing special, but combined with the other items on the dish and it was a winner.  The potatoes were perfectly cooked, and the biscuit was flaky and moist.  There was fresh jam on the table (score!); the flavor of the day was peach-mango.  Peach-mango jam on a biscuit... mmm... YUM.  The Tractor Driver Combo -  Two Eggs w/ bacon, sausage or potatoes with griddled french toast, which is dipped in banana cinnamon cream and served w/ pecan maple syrup :: Texas-style toast, moist and packed with flavor.  The syrup just brings the whole dish over the top!  The portions were HUGE.  We all ended up sharing our leftovers for breakfast the next morning and it was still more than enough. I'm interested in seeing the atmosphere in the evening and trying other dishes.  I already know that I want to try: Andy's Sage Fried Chicken w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit, Flapjacks (flavors include Blueberry Pecan, Blackberry Granola, Snickers, Mango Coconut, Strawberry Frosted Flake, to name a few!), and the Chicken and Waffles.  The service was okay; refills of coffee and water at the ready.  I'm sure it'll take me quite a few visits - and regular trips to my cardiologist! - to get the full Hash House experience. But, hey, go big or go home, right?!
4	I have never heard of this place before and this was definitely an unexpected, but pleasant, surprise during our Vegas trip.  One of my cousins had talked us into trying out Hash House because she saw a feature of it on one of Rachel Ray's shows on Food Network.  Never ones to pass up an opportunity to try something new, my husband and I went with our group of 9.  Right off the bat, I knew we were going to experience something special when I saw the huge portions the servers were carrying out.  Think of the silver trays at Chipotle and imagine that it was turned into an oval shape and made of china instead of aluminum.  That's how big these were.  Our lunch companions were smart and decided to share betweens the couples but wanting to try different things, my husband and I decided to order separately.  I had the sage fried chicken eggs benedict which was the size of my entire head and my husband ordered their famous chicken and waffles.  Although the portions were huge, my eggs were cooked perfectly so I was assured that quality was not overlooked for quantity.  My husband's bacon waffles were amazing.  And when I say bacon waffles, I mean bacon that is inside the waffles which has got to win some sort of award for just existing!I'm allergic to watermelon so I wasn't able to try the watermelon lemonades but everyone raved about theirs!  If I had remembered to bring along my EpiPen I would sipped some but I instead enjoyed a wonderful  pineapple champagne spritzer that was sweetly refreshing after our morning hiking around Hoover Dam in the desert heat.Hash House is just the place to go when you're in the mood for a good and satisfying meal.  Just be ready for the cravings to set in once you leave Las Vegas like I've been having!
5	This is one of those 6 or 8 star reviews . . . I seriously think this is the best breakfast/brunch dining experience I've ever had.  The wait on a Saturday AM for two was supposed to be about 45 minutes according to the server, but it was more like 25, as we arrived just after the breakfast rush.  We had time to have a champagne mint cocktail - the Champagne Supernova - for him, and a bloody mary for her.  I've got to mention the music here - this was better club music than Tao nightclub the night before, I'm not even joking.  What better way to wake up in Vegas than to get some coffee then head on out here and let the generous portions and great dance music give you energy for the day.And generous portions they were, although I had the sundried tomato, feta, spinach, and basil scramble with crispy fried potatoes, buttermilk biscuit, and watermelon, which was one of their smallest dishes.  The scramble was done just right, just an amazing blend of flavors.  Potatoes were done just right, and the rosemary sprig in the biscuit gave it just the right hint of rosemary without it being overwhelming in every bite.They have a mister and a fan for the outdoor seating so you can either cool off or have your own wet t-shirt contest outside, depending on your particular level of inhibition at the time . . . .I could go on about this place, but it's made it to the top of my breakfast pantheon.  A MUST visit if you're in Vegas.  THANK YOU, fellow Yelpers, and the Man v. Food episode on them, for inspiring us to go there.  Did I mention the prices are very reasonable, especially for the quantity of food?  I might never eat breakfast out in the Bay Area again, save my $ for a trip to Vegas, and spend it on airfare and brunch here.  It's that good.  Bay Area breakfast places, visit and take note of the food, the vibe, everything.
4	It was nice to get away from the bustle of the Vegas strip to come try Hash House a Go Go for brunch. The wait took around an hour for the 5 of us since it was pretty darn busy on a Saturday afternoon. We just sat around and admired all the autographed menus lining the entry way. Their menu had an incredible selection too! I think I would have had trouble deciding if my friend Marti L. hadn't already suggested a dish that sounded delish.Andy's sage fried chicken meal ($13.95 and $2.50 extra to split the dish) - OMG!! The portions were humongous! No wonder HH was featured on Man vs. Food before. haha The prices are totally worth it if you share the dish with one or 2 other people. My faves were the bacon mashed potatoes and fresh baked biscuit. The chicken didn't taste of sage at all to me and a was a little dry...there wasn't enough maple reduction but was fried to perfection! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g8OnV26ywJlZpezdBnOWUQ?select=rOcMiMAsg_K3yC-aOPggPA)I sampled the kiwi/watermelon lemonade (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g8OnV26ywJlZpezdBnOWUQ?select=AvvDoT4CdKsnfcCSUuy5vg) which looked pretty and was really tart just the way I like it. I also tried the bacon waffles which were to die for! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g8OnV26ywJlZpezdBnOWUQ?select=AvvDoT4CdKsnfcCSUuy5vg) The batter was soft/chewy and the bacon complimented it very well. The food took around 20 min to come out but it was well worth the wait! Our waitress was dressed like the Chiquita banana lady too. lolFun meal and great, affordable food!
4	Loud and rambunctious. Fun and funky. Las Vegas needs more places like Hash House. It's a more corporate take on a fun place like Jacque-imo's in New Orleans.... in that... it's a local joint with lots of leeway for the waitstaff to be themselves. Good music and a great vibe. It was so refreshing to see men and women of unconventional beauty having fun with their clothes for work. One server looked just like Frieda Kahlo (on purpose) and our server looked straight out of a 50s car hop. The restaurant as a whole, is a feast for the eyes.And a feast for the stomach too. The portions here are HUGE. I mean... it's like circus freak show huge. I think it's a gimmick and I'm horrified at how much waste must be created each day here.... but the WOW factor when the dish arrives at your table is undeniable.Quality of the food is very good. It's a cut above your average breakfast restaurant and the menu items are creative and fun. A little hung over from last night's party? No problem. Order the menu item that is basically a very large beer and a side of bacon.My first breakfast here was bread pudding (Snicker flavor) with ice cream and a cup of coffee. I'll post a pic on Yelp.
4	I love eating here, I just wish they were closer to the strip.Breakfast served late, and the breakfast here is good!  Very large portions, so bring your appetite or someone to share with.  They have so many good things there, I don't really know what to recommend.  The bacon waffles are probably the best thing.  Fresh pressed apple juice is great!
5	First let me say I am very critical of Breakfast spots. The staff here is great they are all in some form of Osh Kosh or Dickeys(one girl in Plus Four's, vest and pig tails). They were all shapes and sizes with ink and piercings. That alone made me happy! The wait was about 20min(If you have a large group be ready to wait a while, or be willing to break up into smaller partys) full bar makes the wait easy. The food is Huge, but tasty as hell. I wished there were more people at my table so there were more things to try. Oh well I'll be going back on a regular basis. I won't even get into the food I would just butcher the menu anyway. These guys have set the bar really high and have no competiton outside the casinos. If you are local try going on weekdays for shorter wait and less crowd. I wish there were more spots like this in Vegas! (!!!Don't be fooled into going to Hash House it is not the one!!!)
5	The wait was long but understandable cause it was Sunday and crowded!  The food was huge, great and delicious.  Service was fast and easy, we ordered, ate and went home with a leftover that we re-baked the next day, it tasted so good and very fulfilling!  I wish it would be a little bit more cheaper.  We ordered 2 breakfast, orange juice and coffee, total plus tip was $55 bucks.
4	I am a fan of the Hash House a Go Go in San Diego thanks to my friend Tomi who turned me on to it a few years back during the Comicon... This past weekend we were in Vegas for a friend's wedding and were pleasantly surprised to find out the owners opened location in the City of Sin. After taking a Zantac 75 pill, we headed over to the area to settle in and wait a good 45 minutes for a table for 2. Patience is key here friends; this location apparently has been on Man Vs Food (which I'm not familiar with) and some other food network shows. I had the Watermelon Kiwi Cooler which was beautiful to behold and deliciously refreshing to drink! I have a sensitive stomach so I decided to go easy and order the Blueberry Pecan Flapjacks with two bacon strips and eggs over easy. The pancake, as M put it, was bigger than his head! hehe... Damn was that pancake good although I only finished about 20% of it. M had the Basic or Original Breakfast which consisted of eggs, bacon or ham and potatoes. Still GIGANTIC for a mere $8.95 price tag. Our server was great if not a bit harried due to the overwhelming crowds due to a biker convention in town! I took my dear Flapjack to go and tore a few pieces off later to munch on before sending the remaining bits into the ye olde hotel room trashcan. I would recommend going at least ONCE to check this place out. The decor is fun, the servers wearing great outfits and the food spot on. Yes, it is crowded and a bit crazy inside but the experience is worth it to see GIANT food. This place also reminds me of a now defunct restaurant in New York called Royal Canadian Pancake House that I used to go to in the early early 90's... anyone remember or been there? Anyways, go check it out!
5	I love going to Hash House for breakfast!  The service is always friendly.  The food is always great and the enormous portions just means I get to enjoy it later at home.  Best Bloody Mary I've had in a while!
4	First off--yes, I went because I saw it on Man vs Food. Now that is out of the way... There were three of us. I ordered what I saw on TV, the fried chicken benedict. Friend #1 had the french toast. Friend #2 had the chicken salad sandwich. Fried Chicken Benedict: It was big as my head, without exaggeration. This will server 3 people. I barely ate 1/3rd.. but I am not a huge portion eater anyways. I saw a biker kind of guy next to us eat 3/4 of it, which I though was super impressive. Flavours? A little too much on the plate. You get a mixture of spicy, creamy, zesty, etc.. it's really hard to describe. If you don't know it by now, I'll call it out from bottom up; mashed potatoes, biscuit, tomato slice, spinach, bacon, griddled cheese, fried chicken breast.. and all drizzled with chipole cream sauce. It is definitely a brunch item, not breakfast. I have to say, I saw a someone else order it, but with the sauce on the side. Smart! French Toast: More like, french loaf. Again, massive insane portions. Only half was eaten. But I sampled this, and it was quite delicious. Probably one of the best french toast that I had. Chicken Salad Sandwich: By far the best chicken salad sandwich I have ever tried. Nice dill flavour, and moist chicken meat. The multigrain bread was excellent too. Fries were super hot and fresh. They had a bit of coating on them (very very lightly), and helped stay crispy until the end. You must try the waltermelon-kiwi lemonade. Very delicious, and thirst quenching. Price-wise, it can be considered as a good value, just because of the portions. I would say, SHARE dish. Do not attempt at it alone. Service was prompt and friendly, despite the hectic atmosphere.
4	You don't need me or Miss E.V.O.O. or Mister Eatseverything to tell you this place is awesome -- because it does that with its giant Captain Crunch-infused pancakes, super delicious bacon and all other kinds of brunch foods!  I mean, you could wear those pancakes as hats.  You won't go hungry here -- if only it were closer to my house!
1	Go to Hash House a Go Go if you crave enormous piles of low quality, deep-fried  ingredients served on huge plates.  The presentation of the food is ridiculous.  I believe the goal is to stack the food as high as possible and add a very large rosemary tree (not sprig, but tree) to the top for maximum height.  I saw many dishes being served to others.  If the entree didn't have a rosemary tree sticking out of the top, then it had a steak knife standing straight up from whatever it was stabbing.  Each entree measures about 8"-11" high.  I can't even begin to imagine what the calorie count is per dish.  Restaurants like this help me understand why we have an obesity problem in this country.We ordered the salmon and chicken penne entrees.  The food was completely flavorless.  My salmon was served over a massive glob of potatoes (and adorned with a rosemary tree).  My husband's chicken was stacked on a skewer sticking into a half apple (and topped with a rosemary tree).  Our sodas had no bubbles.  They were like watery syrup.  We switched to water, which we have never done before.  The sodas were really that bad.The music selection was odd and quite annoying - a slow, sad song, followed by a few head-banger tunes, back to slow, sad, then punk, and then a latin rhythm.  Just weird.Service was fast but unfriendly.$66 for two disgusting dinners. We picked this place because of all the great reviews on yelp.  What a disappointment!  We ate there last night and both my husband and myself still feel sick this morning from the load of garbage still sitting in our stomachs.  I can't wait to take a shit.
5	Whoahhh.....what else can I say but....whoahhhhh...this place is probably the best breakfast place I have ever been to!  I also went here with my group on this weekend trip to Vegas.  We came here for brunch, was around noon and the place was hopping.  Fortunately my friend's friend had arrived earlier to put our name on the wait list for a party of 8. I definitely recommend getting here early, or making a plan to wait for a table.  They close at 2:30 on Sundays and the place was still full when we left here close to 2.Had been told the portions here were ginormous and that you should share..but when it comes to breakfast, I get serious.  When it comes to anything eggs benedict?  I get even seriouser...lol.  I had every intention of finishing this.  When the plate arrived, I was scared.  If you just look at the pictures you will see what I mean.  I ordered the original HH Benedict which was served on their homemade biscuit with spinach, bacon, griddled mashed potatoes (I opted for the crispy thinking I was going to get something more along the lines of hash browns,  but they were just red potatoes.  Were still good though) and covered in this chili cream sauce.  The presentation was beautiful.  And did I mention huge?  Oh yeah, I did.  Their specialty here seems to be the fried chicken benedict, which, by the way, comes with scrambled eggs also.  I just couldn't fathom eating all that but my tablemates who ordered it definitely enjoyed!  I also tasted someone's pancake.  So fluffy and yummy.  And huge.  The guy at the table behind us ordered some kind of burger and as soon as I saw it I knew...I have GOT to bring my husband here when we come to Vegas next time..not to mention anyone else I may be travelling with.They had a large variety on their menu, was very hard to choose.  Lots of different fun coffee drinks and oh..the tangerine juice is so sweet and delicious.  This is a locals type place, but it is worth getting too for every inch off the beaten path that is located.
4	What a pleasant surprise!I didn't know what Hash House was or anything like that, but I was so glad I got to go here! Not only do they offer hashes, but there's a load of other stuff on the menu here too that I wish I would have been able to sample. But what I did end up tasting was the sage fried chicken and bacon waffle... that was pretty tasty, although I think the waffle would have been better if it was chopped up instead of just put in whole (of all the things I could think was weird, I thought that was weird). I had the roasted chicken house hash with rosemary, garlic, onions, and asparagus. This was all very good along with a fried green tea (I still don't know why it's "fried"), due to my previous night of drinking. Which leads me to my next statement: if there's a hangover cure, it's at Hash House.
4	My sister told us about this place, and we were curious so we made the trek and we were NOT disappointed!It was pretty busy, so they sat us at the bar.  I'd have rather sat in the main dining room so we can see exactly what we were in for.  We asked the bartender what they were famous for, and she pointed out the Fried Chicken Benedict.  My wife got that, and I got the Tractor Driver Combo with French Toast.Our food came out on plates as big as my upper torso!  The Benedict was like a mountain!  It had a knife stuck in it and you couldn't even see the blade!  As far as flavor and texture, it was a little overwhelming.  Salty, sweet, spicy, oooey, gooey, thick and dry... you name it, it was on there!The French Toast was good.  I would have appreciated a little syrup on the side.I finished my french toast and I look over at Maple's dish and she didn't even put a dent in it!  We ended up taking it to go and eating it for lunch on the way home!Skip the breakfast buffets and come here!
3	First off, I have to say that the food, for the most part tastes really good. The eggs benedict is really good, as is the corned beef hash. But after staring at the gigantic portions for long enough, it just become downright nauseating.. BUT there aren't that many good breakfast spots in Vegas, so the fact that the food is solid sort of makes up for anything else..another downside, though- the music is so loud! it's not really good music either, but it plays loudly enough to burst an ear drum.Overall, this place is definitely worth a visit, if only for the novelty of it. But save yourself from a very uncomfortable stomach by not going too too often.
5	TO-DIE.I would eat here every day if I could just so I can samps everything before I die =) Then again, eating here every day would kill me cuz the portions are HUGEMANGOUS and the calorie intake is RIDICULOUS!!!At least, I'd die a HAPPY woman =)=)=)
5	Not that far off the strip rests one of the greatest breakfasts you've ever had. We went at about 10:30 and had to wait for about 45 minutes, but it was worth it. Ordered the Andy's sage fried chicken. It was amazing. Starts off with mashed potatoes, then two great biscuits on top of that. Then comes the delicious crispy fried chicken with tons of scrambled eggs on top, a grilled piece of cheese, and then the chipotle hollandaise sauce. I left the place being one of the most food-drunks I've ever been.
4	huge portions, great presentation, interesting atmosphere (modern industrial look with black and white photos from the farmland in indiana, clubbing music in the background, and servers wearing punk rock outfits), LONNNG wait!forrest y and i were in vegas for less than 24 hours so we were bummed when we had to wait for 30 minutes to get a table and another 30-45 minutes for our order to arrive. advice for you: prime time is noon so arrive early to beat the crowds or swing by around 1:30PM or thereafter.as recommended, we ordered the fried chicken with 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes, biscuit, and fruit. food was overall tasty and the portions were big (plates are larger than steering wheels!) but i thought the fried chicken wasn't terribly exciting - you get mostly white meat that isn't well-marinated and tastes more shake-and-bake chicken than fried chicken southern style. next time i think i'll try one of the benedicts or sample the burgers. a great tip from our waitress: it costs $2.50 to split an order but orders are way too big to reasonably polish it off by yourself... so go with a friend and order one dish on the menu and a side dish (ex - crunchy potatoes).
3	It's ok for the prices you pay.  There's a ton of food, but some of it is hit or miss.  Service is spotty, iced tea was very weak for the first round, better the second round.  French toast was a bit soggy, sage chicken a little bland, eggs were eggs (can't really mess that up).  Don't know if I'd go out of my way to go back and it's not like I'm 'in the area' of Sahara and Rainbow purposely to just 'swing by'.
4	If you like your food good and big, then this is the place to go!A friend took me to the Hash House a Go Go in Vegas on a trip a couple years ago and I have been adicted ever since. The portions are huge and are served on plates so large the waiters and waitresses can only carry one at a time. The cooks actually put a lot of effort in the presentation as well and when you get this huge plate of food sat in front or you it actually looks like the food you would get in a gourmet restaurant, only bigger, MUCH BIGGER.Then you taste the food and it is just as good as it looks! I have recommended HHAGG to 3 different friends when they were visiting Vegas, and all of them came back full and raving about how much they loved it.The only negative to this place is everytime I have gone we have had to wait a long time for a table. That one inconvenience aside, this is my favorite place to eat in Vegas. It's is pretty far off the strip, so if you are visiting Vegas and don't have a car, just know that a cab ride will cost you a quite a bit. I can't say how much cause I always have a car in Vegas, but considering the distance, it will be a lot.If you have your own transportation you owe it to yourself to go here. Just make sure you are hungry!
1	I was really excited to come here when my friend described it. Unfortunately, my experience was less than satisfactory. The food was decent, but not great. The portions were amazing, I'll give them that. Apparently they have really rigid policies on their cooking because the friend I was with wanted to make a VERY simple substitution (grilled chicken instead of fried chicken on a salad, how difficult is that?) and they wouldn't allow it. The waiter was especially unhelpful. Honestly an all-around shitty meal. I hope I just caught them on a bad night, but regardless it's enough for me never to return.
5	HASH HOUSE rocks my socks... huge plates of perfectly seasoned deliciousness! Today I munched on the bacon mashed potato burger, with their homemade mac-n-cheese on the side. My boyfriend got the tractor driver combo with the SMORES latte. OMG worthy of an updated review on it's own. It was heaven, 2 inches of marsh mellow with chocolate overload. I licked my lips the entire time we waited for our food. Once my burger arrived my mouth dropped, I felt very woman vs. food. LOLThen the waiter told me, Adam the star of Man vs. Food stopped by Hash House when he was in Vegas. He ordered the fried chicken benedict damnit I almost ordered that. NEXT TIME!Everything was amazing, including the server and the hostess. I love this place soooooooo much. GO HERE NOW!!!
3	You have got to be one hungry heffer/cow to give this place 5 stars!?!If you're dumbfounded why the average cud chewing American women weighs 160lb (men probably put this number to shame), you can thank Hash House a Go Go because this place is all about SIZE. So if you're a size queen, then you'll want to get your big ole' booty down to the Hash House.... oh, and don't expect a Vegas style lounge with "go go dancers". It's just a breakfast joint with feed sack sized portions.I prematurely ordered the chicken and eggs, and I should have read "Karen Y's" freak'n review cuz she got it right about the chicken being dry which brought out my "O" face! "Ooooh, wtf! Why did I order the chicken because I can't stand dry overcooked chicken! The chicken was so dry I would have gladly taken some supermarket fried chicken over it any day. Even the side of chipotle sauce couldn't save this overcooked bird.My other biggest pet peeve is to plate food with huge chunks of herbs if it's not intended to be eaten. Hash House is one of these perverse offenders because they serve up their dishes with a big ole' sprig of sage. Isn't that classy.This place isn't just a total hog farm cuz even though the interior is awkwardly designed with angled steel/diamond plated elements blended with antique looking wood pieces, they do have some decent mashed potatoes and the bacon was decent. I just highly doubt I'll be going back for seconds..... I'm sure there's some heffers up for thirds.I didn't see the Man vs. Food episode with Adam Richmond, but I'd just like him to know how it went down for me:Cows 1 vs Greg 0
4	Went for dinner and had the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken along with the HH Bloody Mary.....incredible!  What an awesome combination of classic comfort food with good service as always.... Love for the Hash House.
5	Walter and I went down to Sin City for Halloween Weekend. It was a blast. The next morning, we were in need of some ono grindz for breakfast. I'd mentioned Hash House A Go Go to him plenty of times and said, "We have to check it out and see what everyone is yelping about!"  First, it is a long @$$ drive to this place from the strip if you're trying to avoid the traffic on the freeway. Anyways, there wasn't any parking because this place is so darn popular. So, I jumped out of the car and put our names in. The wait was going to be 20-40 minutes. I guess I was OK with that. It's not like I had anywhere else to be anytime soon.  We checked out the menu and noticed some platters NOT PLATES but PLATTERS walking across the room. Seeing the portions and taking in the wafted smells, we decided to stay. Even better, they had all kinds of fun specials. One of their specials for the weekend that we were there was their Captain Crunch French Toast. A table next to us ended up ordering that, it looked awesome.  Walter and I couldn't wait to be seated. There was so much to eat and not enough stomach space and no fridge in our hotel room. So, we were confined to our two dishes. We were very happy with our server, Cara. She was awesome. The kitchen made a mistake with my order, one that could have left me very sick, but she was sure to take care of it. One thing that I love and wish I could order and have it sent to me is their biscuit with fresh mango preserves on top. That sucker was to die for. I hadn't had a biscuit like that in forever. It was just so tasty. And yeah, you'd better be hungry to eat here. If you are only thinking of having a lil something to drink and to nibble on something small, this isn't the place for you.  Although, their fresh watermelon juice with kiwi syrup and all that is just too good to be true. I loved it. Walter and I gave each other the evil eye as one took a sip and the other waited for the cup to return to the table top. Why we didn't just order a 2nd one, we're not sure. Whatever. I think it made it that much more tasty. I loved it. The wait time wasn't bad. The parking stunk but that's a good thing when there's no parking and a line outside.  There was a YELP sticker outside the door and tons of happy people leaving. There were no crying children or obnoxiously loud and hung over/drunk dudes making scenes. This is a serious family establishment!  I really enjoyed my time here. The food was fresh and took a lil while to receive but that's because nothing is kept on a warmer back there. Everything is made fresh. I can respect that and the time that it takes to make all these dishes. It made it that much more tasty!  The potatoes are awesome. THey are lil crunchy and not real salty. The eggs were cooked to perfection and the pork chop that walter had was amazing!! It was pounded, breaded, fried and swimming in this crazy bbq cream sauce. That sauce was SOOOOOOOOO *drool* good!  I wish we could go back there again sometime sooner than February. Who knows. This place is for sure about size. I am so glad I came here. Now I know why so many YELP about this spot!
5	We love our Las Vegas friends who were so kind to introduce us to HHAGG.  We will eat here anytime we're in Vegas and introduce others to this place as well.  Fair warning though, bring your appetite!  The portions here are huge, feel free to share but you may not want to as this food ROCKS!  We love stopping in here for breakfast.  I highly recommend the Tractor Driver Combo with either the banana and brown sugar pancake or the French toast.  Simply to die for.  A friend of ours ordered the fried chicken and waffles and was in heaven saying it was better than Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles.  Her bf ordered the double cheeseburger and loved every bite he could handle.  It's massive and fed 3 people.This place does get packed so the earlier you eat the easier it is to get in.  A definite must if you're a foodie.
2	Well I thought I would try it and see what all the hype was about, well I didn't see it or eat it. The food was OK ,too many foods mixed and no hash browns . I have had better, the service was bad , waiter took the order and that was the last we seen of him. Its just a place to go to and say you been there. The.food I give a 5 service a 4 . Won't go again
5	This was the second time that my wife and i had eaten there. The word AMAZING sums it up. We arrived right when the doors opened for dinner and where seated right away. The food was amazing and not horribly priced, especially when you look at the fact that you basically get 2 meals out of one meal. Really good food and great wait staff. One of our favorites and it is worth the trek off the strip if you are a visitor
1	Sorry...but this restaurant is absolutely disgusting.  I went with 4 friends and every single person left the restaurant without eating more than a few bites.  I don't know how they make their gravy but it tasted old and maybe spoiled.  The Chicken and Waffles sounded great...but the chicken was dry and the bacon in the waffle was flavorless.  Yeah the portions are huge...but there are literally a hundred places in Vegas that serve a better breakfast.  Even Denny's is far superior.
4	The worst part about this place is the wait.  Breakfast/brunch you could be waiting for an 1 hour and some people will be frustrated and want to leave.  The food is great.  Large portions and a unique way of presenting it.  I have been there for Breakfast, brunch, and dinner.  I would recommend this place for people who do no want to eat boring food on the strip.
2	I feel bad only giving this place two stars, but I don't know.. The portions were huge, but the food was kind of.. Bad. The service was average.I had a Salmon Scramble and the girlfriend had Roast Chicken Hash. There was a lot of it, including giant sprigs of sage. Like, novelty giant sprigs of sage. I found a couple small bones in the salmon which didn't totally put me off, just a little bit. I think it was the lack of flavor that did it, really. Everything tasted bland. The GF wasn't a big fan of her hash. I've seen it mentioned on here a few times, and she agrees, the chicken was very dry. All in all, we're not fans and I doubt we'll be going back. I know it's supposed to be an institution of Las Vegas, but I can't see how.
5	after wanting to come here for the past couple years i finally came and i'm glad i did! i had the chicken and waffles and it was great. the service was awesome and we didn't wait at all (i'm assuming because we came on saturday around 9 am and everyone is still knocked out and/or hung over). the only thing i would recommend is TAKE YOUR CAR!!! we realized we forgot our valet ticket and were too lazy and hungover/drunk to go back upstairs so we taxied it....round trip $45!!!! next time i will definitely drive there and enjoy their delish food again :)
4	Had the Sage Fried Chicken with waffles and the Ham, spinach, cheese scramble with grilled mashed potatoes.  Both were very tasty!  Portions can feed 2 people and their prices are affordable.  The wait was short given we were there at 12 pm on a Saturday.
5	I had the Maple Chicken with Bacon Mashed Potatoes...can I saw..OMG! it was awesome. My friend had the blueberry pancake and he couldn't eat it all. However, I wiped my plate clean!!!
3	The food portions are way oversized, but a great value for the price charged. The average person will be able to get two meals out of the order if they want to take a box home with them. In my opinion, the food quality does not deserve a ranking higher than 3 stars. It is good solid and well made, but it is not knock your socks off outstanding. The thing that makes it stand out is the portions - that WILL knock your socks off.
5	We love Hash House... we came here two days in a row!First Day Order:- Salmon Hash- Spinach, Mushroom, Artichoke... Hash- Momosa'sAll incredibly good!  My husband even took some of the Salmon Hash home and ate the rest for dinner!Second Day's Order:-Andy's Sage Fried Chicken & WafflesAMAZING!!!!  Chicken was juicy and delicious!-Blueberry & Pecan FlapjackVery good!  -Griddled French Toast (dipped in banana creme)LOVED!!!!The servings are HUGE... so be ready to take some home.  Would recommend to anyone that is looking for a unique breakfast place.
2	I don't know what other people are eating here, but this is definitely not a 4* establishment...it was a borderline 2.5* for me and my group...especially after it made us waste 45 mins of our time, which made us sit in horrendous post-Thsnkgiving traffic and we ended us missing our flight. YIKESOur group of 8 decided to stop by for an early b'fast before hitting the road and driving back to LA where we were to catch an evening flight. I mean, really, we left an 8 hour buffer for a typically 4 hour drive...but alas, it took us 8.5 hours to get to LAX and we missed our flight. And to top that off, the Food @ Hash House was NOT worth missing the flight for.Because we got there at 8.50a, there was barely a line. In fact, the restaurant was only half filled. Phew. I was excited to be here since Hash House  has been ALL Over Food Network and my foodie friend liked the Fried Chicken and Waffles (which was kinda a theme for me this weekend)So i ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles- Fried Chicken- Breast meat only. I was 'assured' by my friend that it was brined and so it should be juicy. NOT. The chicken was dry and the skin was tasteless and soggy. It was hard to compare it with Roscoe's, which I happened to have just tasted the day before. - Waffles- The waffle was WAY too cakey and doughy. It Looked like a waffle but tasted like a fruitcake stuffed with bacon and drenched with some sweet nastiness and bits of fruits. Seriously. Each Large  'quarter' of waffle was stuffed with a strip of bacon, which i normally would have loved...but it didn't add anything to the waffle/ fruitcake. The presentation was certainly impressive and HUGE. But i don't need a huge serving. I need a TASTY serving. Our server was very nice though and attentive. The 2 stars were for her...not the food. I will definitely not be back...the overly huge portions were also a turn-off. That's really saying something for someone like me who actually likes to eat. But a huge portion of nastiness is just a waste of ingredients.
5	Just went to this place. It was awesome! The portions are huge. I had bacon and beer! What could be better? I am making this place a repeat eat spot for me.
2	I have to agree with some other folks here.  I went to the place because of a lot of hype about the place.  Don't believe it.  The portions are large, but what's the point of getting a LOT of something that's mediocre?  It wasn't horrible, but it certainly wasn't worth going off-strip and I would not return.
3	HUGE portions does not equal great food.  I had the chicken & waffles. The presentation was CRAZY - a huge pile of bacon stuffed waffles with a few breaded chicken breasts topped with & surrounded by fried leaks, and held together with a stick and a spring of fresh rosemary....fun to look at....but I have to be honest, the food was just OK.  They were VERY busy, so that's I won't be too hard on them for the lack luster service.  Overall it was OK, I can say I went there, but I won't be back any time soon.  Actually, it made me crave Roscoe's for some GREAT chicken & waffles.
2	Don't sit at the bar.  We were at a table in the far corner, as the place was packed on a Friday morning.  It took a long time to get drink refills, orders taken, and you know somebody f'd up when the manager brings out your breakfast, which has been sitting on the counter for 30 to 45 minutes.  I think the fried sage chicken and waffles would have been delicious, rather than average, if it had been warm, or if we could find somebody to get more maple syrup from.  The waffles, by the time they reached us, were dry and brittle, and the chicken was room temperature and soggy.  We couldn't find anybody to ask if we could somehow get our meal fixed, so we ate it glumly.  It's a huge portion, two of us couldn't finish it.  And it had such potential to be good, there are good flavors and creativity, but the crappy service made it just another lukewarm meal at a crowded place.  However, the coffee is good, I asked what kind it was, and the waitress said she would find out and get back to me.  Given the service issues, is it surprising she never came back?  I may give this place another go-go, but only if I can sit where the real diners are allowed.
3	A solid 3 but I'm glad I got to experience it. Maybe the food was just ok because we were their last table before they closed before dinner service. The way Adam on Man vs Food made this place definitely a need to go in my book. There were not enough oh my's or yums coming out of my mouth as I watched the episode. So a few weeks before my trip to Vegas, I bookmarked it on Yelp because it was a must go. I told everyone about it and showed pics from my bro in laws experience. I felt like it was going to be a magical moment. Michelle L. and I got there at 2:25P.. and we had to wait for our other 2 friends. We were told we couldn't be seated until they arrived AND they were closing the door in 5 minutes. My friends got a few calls asking where they were and I felt like I was going to miss out on my magical eating moment. But luckily they showed up with a minute to spare. As we scanned the menu, there were many things that made me go oooh. But this is what I went with...Smores Mocha - Not usually a warm mocha person but it was just ok. If they crumbled up some graham crackers on top it might have made it more memorable. Andy's Sage Fried Chicken w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit - Tasty but the fried Chicken was a bit dry. I drizzled some of my friends maple syrup on it to give it a little more character. We didn't wait long for our food as many others said. We were told that their food prep area is as big as their tables that are in the restaurant and after the Man vs Food episode, the restaurant became extremly popular.  Hence the reason for the slow service at the peak hours. I'm just saying what our waiter told us (he was really friendly).A few tips: - Don't over hype your expectations before coming - Our waiter told us that they are opening a location at the Imperial Palace - Come a little closer to 2:30 in the afternoon - Hey your in Vegas, the town that never sleeps :)Other than that I have no complaints, just happy that I got to experience it. I really cant be mad with that much food on my plate.  End of story.
5	BEST meal in Vegas!! the dishes are shockingly cheap considering one could feed 2-3 people. the corned beef hash had actual shredded corned beef in it.  the best were the chicken and waffles. the rosemary, the sauce, the everything. if i die without eating here again, i'll be very disappointed.
4	Just visited Hash House for the fourth time this past Tuesday. Has become one of my favorite restaurants to visit on a regular basis. However, this is my first review. Right away you would think, wow 4 visits must mean that I am going to give it 5 stars. Nope. Sorry to let you down there. So here it goes.1. Food - Love, love, love the menu! They have a great selection of "twisted" farm foods that will have your mouth watering. The presentation of the food, although sometimes a bit over the top, is crazy and interesting and has not heard anything short of "Wow" from the people I have gone with. I have tried a few different items from the menu, my favorite so far being the Hash House Meatlof with Pasta. On this most recent visit I had their version of Chicken Pot Pie and it was big on the WOW factor but a bit short on the flavor and taste. The first meal from here I can honestly say I was a bit disappointed in. The veggies needed some seasoning and the weird hat pie crust thing (don't know how else to describe it) was almost a bit stale and really difficult to eat.2. Service - have had no problems here. Nothing to rave about or complain about.3. Atmosphere - pretty relaxed and calm nothing too exciting. I did enjoy eating outside on the patio when the weather was nice.4. Drinks - had to use this just to mention how amazing the Strawberry Lemonade is. I haven't tried anything else because I can't stop drinking this stuff. MMMmmm... I might have to stop in and get a to-go cup now.To be quite honest, I'm not sure why I keep going back so much. There are places cheaper with just as good quality food. But the portions are HUGE, the prices are fair for a good restaurant and I always am finding coupons to go.
4	OMG... Saw this place featured on Man V. Food on the Travel channel and had to check it out. The portions are HUGE...and the food is pretty awesome. I had the chicken and waffles and yowza it was a tower of food. I have to say the waffles were good but you can tell that it was a bit on the heavy side making the waffles thick and slightly dry instead of light and airy. The chicken was delicious and crispy and not at all dry. Combined with the hot syrup it was yummy! The bf had the fried chicken benedict which was also huge. The chipotle sauce drizzled on top gave it a nice little kick. We thought we were going to some hole in the wall breakfast joint but turned out to be pretty nice. They had a whole menu specifically for their unique drinks in addition to their regular menu and a separate menu for specials of the day. My chicken and waffles were $18.95 but it's great bang for your buck if you wanna try it on a Friday when it's a special price of $12.95. Good price for lots of food.
4	Great food! Great service! The bacon waffles are amazing.
4	Damn! No shortage of food here, that's for sure. All manner of delicious dishes to choose from on the menu, and the specials all sounded tempting. The prices look high until you see the portions. Seriously, my plate was at least two feet across! If you can eat so much that you can't make two good meals out of your leftovers, I'm impressed. So realistically, as long as you aren't too haughty to hungrily dive into yesterday's remainders, you're getting a good value.  The service was good though the atmosphere was mediocre. I admit, it felt a little Cheesecake Factory to me, but I'm willing to overlook it. I'll eat there again, and would definitely recommend it for anyone in the area. Maybe not worth driving off the strip for, but close, so if you're nearby you should be sure to hit it up.
4	came in to the place during a girls weekend in vegas after seeing it on the food network...and it totally didn't disappoint..the place gets a little packed so we had to wait and ended up splitting our party into 2 groups which worked out well for us since all our food came out hot and fast...the food was really really good! even after we took leftovers back to our room and ate it cold it was still good! and the portions are huge so i recommend sharing the only reason i'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is the waitress we had was a little socially awkward and freaked me out....seriously she talked to herself...and made jokes to her self and spent time actually laughing at them...then had these long pause moments of not saying anything or doing anything just standing at our table...but otally worth trekking off the strip to get there i can't wait to go back!
4	Thanks Man vs Food for filling me in on this place!  Made my first visit the day after Christmas & boy was it packed!  There was a 45 min wait, so we sat at the bar which is first come first serve, perfect!  The food is huge & tasty!!!  They have all different types of mimosas if you want to stray away from the norm.  There are various coffee drinks that looked amazing!  I had the HH special (I think thats what it was called) & my other half tried the fried Chicken benedict, both were great.  Can't wait to go back & try something new.
5	My wife and I shared the sage fried chicken benedict and it was still too much for us!  Sadly we gorged ourselves because the flavors were so fresh.  My wife also had the smores mocha which was awesome, while I had the fresh squeezed oj.  Our server so so knowledgeable and friendly it was unbelievable, especially on a sat morning when they were packed.  We will eat here again every time we go to Vegas.
1	Absolutely horrible service.  They lost our name on the waiting list, and didn't seat us until out party of 4 had waited 40 minutes and asked the hostess. Our waitress was sarcastic, rude and horribly slow.  Food was ok, my eggs were cold, and the portions are too big. They should be donating their extras to a homeless shelter or something...  What should have been a meal that lasted about an hour ended up lasting 2.5 hours because service was so poor
3	We went there this morning at 8am.  No wait.  The atmosphere is nice.  The music is a little loud and clubbish.  It seriously sounded like house music.  My 3 year old nephew kept "fist-pumping" to it.  It didn't bother me, but it did bother others in our group.Waitress was okay.  I ordered a basic breakfast and wanted my scrambled eggs "country scramble".  Most waitresses/waitors know what this means- she didn't.  I told her I wanted fresh eggs cracked then scrambled.  None of that egg from the carton stuff for me.  She said "oh, we can't do that".  Fine, but I just kept wondering why?  They don't have fresh eggs?  They'd have to if you wanted a fried egg, right?Food came- eggs were good, while they were luke-warm(they got cold very fast so I don't think they were too hot to begin with).  They were also runny, which I do not like, so I only ate a few bites.  They were a little runny for all of us.   Pancakes were yummy and so were the potatoes.  Everyone liked their food.  It was good.  Was it worth $100 for 5 people.......not so sure about that.  I'm pretty sure we will not return for breakfast.  My husband would like to try their dinner though, so maybe we'd go back for that.The waitress also go quite snooty when we asked her to split the bill.  Prior to being seated I asked if it was okay to split the bill and we were told yes, so I didn't think it would be a problem.  I guess it was for the waitress.Overall I was not as pleased as I thought I'd be.  We eat at Egg Works a lot on Sunset and Eastern.  They have pretty big portions and they are cheaper, and very good.
3	Yea, we basically only knew about this place, and came here because it was on Man vs. Food, and it looked good... so one Wednesday morning, me and my boyfriend decided to try it. I got the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, and it was freakin HUGE. I mean it looked big on the show, but it also looked GOOD... and it was. Definitely no disappointment, but bring your appetite. It was a little overwhelming, and maybe a tad bit too much chipotle cream sauce, My boyfriend got their pancake breakfast, and that was huge was well. The thing that knocked off their star was that it was raw in the middle. Don't get me wrong, there was still PLENTY to eat even after he picked around the raw part, and they were really nice about it, asking if he wanted another one (like I said, still plenty to eat), so they just took off $7 from the bill. The thing that gets me is that if your going to make gigantic pancakes, make them right, or make them smaller.I don't think we would go back together, but I'd probably bring my family or friends here when they come into town, cause the service was great, and friendly, and it is kind of a novelty since it's been on national TV.
5	If your desperately hungry for great food, hungover, thirsty for booze and don't care about waiting a little for a table then this the place!!  Excellent drinks that match the size of their food - BIG.  Came here for brunch and it was fantastico!  I had the sage fried chicken and waffles with maple syrup reduction. My tastebuds were in overload my foodie friends. Imagine bacon strips cooked iNSIDE the waffles- yummy.  The the fried chicken was moist, flavorful and out of this world- and I'm not a fried chicken fan. Nevermind that I could not finish even half of it. My husband had the biscuits and sausage with gravy. That was heavenly with the sausage so tender and delish that you can't resist it. The biscuits did get a little hard after a bit but all is forgiven because of the gravy and eggs sitting in a beautiful cloudy fluff!  The drive off the strip for this place is worth while and the waiter/ bartender Randy is absolutly awesome!!  Place was packed but he made sure to check on us to see if we needed more drinks, update us on the wait for the food and if we needed anything else. Best bargain in town for what you get on your plate. Who needs the buffets in Vegas when you have hash house a go go!!! You must go my friends for a hip foodie experience that will leave your tastebuds in overdrive......
1	Well, this is a very sad thing for me. I have been going to Hash House for about 3 years now. The first time I went was with my mother and brother when we were in Vegas for a few days. It was fantastic food and a really fun experience. Since then we make sure to go every time we are in town.    Well, things have changed at Hash House. The last few times we went the food was actually pretty poor. I have two favorites that I switch between. The Andy's sage fried chicken benedict and the salmon benedict. The chicken has always been cooked perfectly and was incredibly Delicious. The food now tastes like it is pre-made and synthetic. They refuse to take special orders. The have told me they wont compromise the food by changing it. Well, pre-making your food and letting it sit there until someone orders it certainly compromises the food. I will not be going back
2	food was okay, huge portions. however, last time we went it was an hour wait...so we went down the street to OPH. it's ok if there is no wait, but an hour is way too much for what it is.
3	This place has got some delicious, original food and creative drinks, but our experience was really altered by the hour-and-a-half wait with nowhere to stand except a crowded bar where our party was divided and getting trampled, or the cold, desert winter air.  We arrived on a Sunday after a few friends had run in the Las Vegas marathon.  I didn't run, but had been up early to cheer on friends after a long night at the clubs, therefore, arriving tired and hung over.  We were all hungry, and it was getting too cold to wait outside, but as the place is filled with people waiting for food, they put tables throughout the bar, making almost no indoor waiting area, which is odd as Las Vegas weather is too hot in the summer and too cold in the winter to comfortably wait outside.  But, since we were there we waited....and waited.  Managing to finally maneuver to the bar, my friend got herself a Bloody Mary, which was impressive and looked more like a meal. When we did actually get a table, three different staff members asked if our whole party was there....kind of annoying to have to tell them three times that they were taking care of the bar tab and would be right over.  I really did enjoy the food...but such a long wait does work up an appetite.  I had the Salmon Benedict.  The portion was huge and it was colorful.  Really, I would have like a bit smaller portions, as I'm not sure whoever could finish these, as those who ran the marathon could not.  My friend had hot cocoa with marshmallows which was really cute.Now that they are opening a Hash House on the Strip at the Imperial Palace, I may go back....on a week day when the wait is shorter and so that we can wait in a comfortable hotel, drink in hand.
5	This place is unbelievably delicious! I had the smoked salmon benedict, which was to die for....OMG, it was beyond yummy! Other folks in my party had the scrambles, french toast, and the bf had chicken and waffles.Anytime I'll be in Vegas or SD, I'll be sure to pay Hash House a visit.Be prepared to wait about an hour or so for a table because patrons will sit forever, and service is slow (due mainly to the preparation of the huge/massive size of food).
4	usually at a place when u get quantity u have to give up some quality...but that is not the case here for Hash House a Go Go, at least not for the fried chicken eggs Benedict, the same one show cased on the the travel channel...u get generous portions without giving up quality... the only reason why I give this place 4 stars out of 5 is because the service was slow...and there wasn't as much customers at the time  when I was trying to order, but people started to pack in towards the end of my meal... I had to ask twice just for someone to finally get our order, c'mon "twice?"...I hope it was not cuzz we were Asians, cuzz most of the customers were white Anglo's...and I honestly did notice some white customers that came after us getting service before we got ours, and all the workers were white... no matter what race or color u are...U.S dollars comes in the color green, treat all customers the same ...
4	Having heard about Hash House A Go Go from the show "Man vs Food" we gave it a try on our last trip to Vegas.  We went to the branch that just recently opened in the Imperial Palace rather than the original one on Sahara Blvd.They call it "Twisted Farm Food."  I call it "Mutant Meals."  Everything is so out of proportion that you would swear it was injected with steroids.  My son ordered the fried chicken and waffle combo.  My wife and I had the Banana-Cinnamon waffle with grilled mash potatoes (our ten year old daughter opted for a bowl of Frosted Flakes--oh well). We really enjoyed our fare.  The pancake was outstanding and the grilled mashed very good.  Needless to say, we couldn't finish it (just barely half).  My son ate most of his chicken and waffle duo but said the chicken was dry.The service is very friendly but not very swift (they make everything to order and it is quite likely that the size of the portions restricts what they can cook at one time.)  We liked the atmosphere and would definitely go back.Enjoy but don't expect any diet plates.  In summary, when in Vegas, I i recommend that you "go go" to this place.
4	Seen this place on tv, had to come herei ordered something called Andy Sage Fried Chicke, (Man VS Food Favorites)and it my favorite also.Its a Fried Chicken "Benedict"this thing is Huge, I mean they serve you it, with a knife sticking in to it.the fried chicken, that is plain by it self, but this special sauce that is poured all over the chicken, makes it fantaastics, under the chicken, is fresh spinage, tomatoes, and a huge biscuit, they have this special jam of there that you eat with the biscuit, its very good.the sauce they poor over the chicken goes good with everything on the plate, the mash potatoes, biscuit, the veggies.
4	I wish I'd come here when I first moved out to Vegas! I first saw it on Man v. Food and dragged the bf here to try it because I had a list of places I wanted to eat at before I move back to Cali.We split the Chorizo Hash and the Snickers pancake. No joke, the pancake was bigger than my head. We seriously had 2 days worth of leftovers. The food was great, but left us wanting a tiny bit more. We liked the atmosphere and the funny thing is, the day we went, there were tons of celeb impersonators from Imperial Palace because they were announcing their new location at the Imperial Palace that day in a sort-of press conference. So it was extremely loud and the entertainers were performing the whole time we ate. That was a fun bonus for me :)To drink, we had a mint mocha and a Smores mocha...both extremely yummy. I'll miss it when I move but I know it'll be successful enough to still be open anytime I visit :)
4	If you want to start off the day right, your first meal should be at Hash House a Go Go. The establishment is just about serving breakfast; it is about serving breakfast right. With their giant portions, patrons are served favorite morning dishes with flair and style. When your plate comes, it is not just a plate. It is a canvas of color and texture with mountains of food. The chicken and waffles is not just chicken and waffles. It is a masterpiece of three or four bacon infused waffles interwoven in  between savory and crisp chicken breasts topped with fried leaks for presentation and encircle with a maple reduction syrup. The dish might almost be too pretty to  enjoy. Almost. As it turns out it looks exquisite, it taste beyond belief. But it is a masterpiece you cannot seem to finish in one sitting.
4	Had to come here after seeing this joint on one of them shows on TV. Unique menu items and massive portions.  Hey, even a guy like me can get overwhelmed!  Went during the week so it wasn't crowded at all, however our waiter seemed less than enthusiastic.But the food is fantastic for the price.  I had the classic chicken and waffles, but felt that the waffles were somewhat dry.  The chicken was on point.  Definitely a place to go to get away from the pricey buffets and signature restaurants on the strip and still have a wonderful meal.Just wish this was a local so I could take leftovers home.
2	This restaurant would be better if it worked out its kinks.  For example, if they had a menu that represented what they actually had, that would be great.  The server didn't seem to know what beer they had and they didn't have anything on tap.  And then he tried to convince me that the Sierra Nevada was a Hefeweizen while it was actually a Pale Ale.  And I wouldn't have minded normally, but I really dislike Sierra Nevada... :( We ordered the tiger prawns with chili mayo appetizer. The presentation was pretty creative.  They skewered 3 deep fried prawns and stuck it on a large watermelon wedge.  The flavour was actually just okay... I've had better.. and only 3 prawns???? :-SThe Chicken and Waffles though were quite filling and tasty.  I prefer more maple syrup, but they were happy to bring it. And the portions are huge.  Definitely share a dish! When the bill came, there were several discrepancies between the menu prices for the beers and the bill prices.  So what could have and should have been a 3 or 4 star, is now actually 2 stars. I may give it another chance though next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Want to clear a hang over from partying on the strip from the other night? Need to eat something huge and not pay Bellagio prices? Ever been to Has House? This was the old UNLV hangout. After football games, basketball games, nights out etc. this was hte place to meet up. It has a sports feel to it. I'll be the hundreth person to tell you how HUGE their portions are. I know everyone raves about their chicken and waffles but have you ever tried their french toast?! savor that. along with their smores hot chocolate. mmm UNLV FAVE.
3	Pretty good food here. I had the salmon scramble and a bloody mary and that kept me full all day. I was burping up the brunch late into the afternoon. Nice trendy modern atmosphere. Pictures of celebs like man v. food dude, dr phil, etc line the walls. The place appeared to be clean.Be prepared to wait a while as it was crowded on the Sat morning. Wait staff was ok. Our main waitress looked like she had a hangover but our trainee was perky but after hooking me with an $8.00 bloody mary, never made eye contact again after that. you know what I'm saying yo?
5	5 stars automatically for great food, and staying open past the closing time! My group barely made it at their closing time, but the place was still hustling and bustling like it will be open for awhile. Great!We were promptly seated with menus. The restaurant was really interesting and the atmosphere was great. My boyfriend and I ordered their famous Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade and our friend ordered the Strawberry Lemonade Margarita.Since it says on the menu that the food might take a bit of time, we were anticipating the wait of our food. My boyfriend and I shared the Chicken & Waffles and Biscuit & Gravy side with our friend getting the Tractor Driver combo with french toast. Servers kept coming back to inform us of the wait times without us asking, which was good.As our food arrived, we looked in awe at the presentation of the food. They were plated nicely for such humble food. As I took the first bite into the chicken, I knew that it was probably one of the best things I have eaten... IN MY LIFE! Yes a bold statement, but I believe this is true.So overall, we were incredibly satisfied and my boyfriend and I will be coming back again next time we're in Vegas (probably every month or so). Our friend who went with us lives in Vegas and has already gone back!
3	really wanted to try this place after seeing it on Man vs Food.  came on a Saturday morning and of course had to wait about an hour.  Food was good and portions were incredibly large.  I ended up sharing my plate with my friend which they charge an additional $2.50 just for an extra plate.  pretty shady but they got extra money out of me so i guess it's a smart business move on their part.  customer service was pretty good.  overall i'd have to say that this place was pretty good but i wouldn't want to wait in line to eat here.  the food is above average and the portions are really big but it's relevant in terms of price because most dishes are about $15 or more.  if i eat breakfast at denny's or ihop i would expect to spend about $8 and you get a ton of food.  so spending over $15 you can only imagine how much food you get.
2	Presentation is great. However the ribs were gross, tough, and nasty. I did try my wife's monster pancake, not bad. However for the price I expect great ribs, not this crap.
4	What happens when you have 3 girls ordering with their eyes?You get 3 ridiculously huge plates of food and 5 pounds of leftovers.I barely poked a dent in my food.We didn't have to wait in line and the waitress was extremely nice and bubbly. The low down on the food:-Chicken and Waffles: at some point, it started to taste like asian-fusion chicken and waffles (maybe it had to do with the fried leeks or the sauce).-The meatloaf hash: it tasted more like sausages then meatloaf but the hash was good.-The eggs benedict: the mashed potatoes were good and a surprise finding under that large slap of pork. I wanna come back and try their flapjacks!
3	i had high hopes for this place, and with a premise like that you know how this review will go.  I wanted their chicken & waffles to shine, and my husband looked forward to corn beef hash. It arrived in a timely fashion, pretty and huge. My plate was stacked high with a knife stabbing the chicken K fried leeks all over. The leeks made it look like bushcut grass flew on my plate. The chicken was moist, but the breading had absolutely no taste. Salt & pepper was missing. The waffle was creative, but very chewy. The dried grass (leeks) didn't belong.  As for the hash, they hid literally black potatoes underneath the meat. The eggs arrived slightly cold, and bland.Unfortunately it is all hype. Don't waste your  money. Our 2 meals were 45 dollars.Cooked right, and seasoned this review would be different.
4	Not that this place needs any more glowing reviews, but what an experience!  I admit, the hype is why I came, but Hash House did not disappoint.  Party of 4 on a Saturday (late) morning.  We waited less than 30 minutes for a seat.  The patio area was refreshing and sunny.  Our waitress was helpful with recommendations and any questions that we had.  Our drinks came first.  I had the mint latte, which had a splash of mint.  It tasted really good with the actual mint leaf. When the actual food came out, our table went absolutely silent.  GIGANTIC PORTIONS.  And so pretty (I'll post pictures).  I tried to put a fork or knife in the pictures for porportion, but the flatware is on the large-side, too!  I had the smoked salmon benedict.  The dish was a little overwhelmingly salmon-y, but I liked the combination of the other ingredients.  My bf had the Banana Walnut French Toast.  The toast was a least an inch thick and surprisingly filling for how fluffy the texture was.  The other couple with us had the quesadilla and the bacon burger.  I had a bite of the burger and it was one of the tastiest burgers I've ever had.  The quesadilla was mild.The prices are on the high side for a breakfast place, but I don't think you can even compare, since the servings are so big.  I did try to use a restaurant.com coupon, but I didn't read that the stupid thing said "dinner only".  Waitress wouldn't take it, but it sounds like if it wasn't a weekend morning, she might have.  Either way, I enjoyed myself and I will be back.
3	The Place: Clean, CasualThe Service: Quick, Friendly The Food: Variety, Creative Menu, Great Food & Over-sized Portions!!!This place gets SLAMMED during Brunch Time on Sundays!Some members of the staff are NOT the nicest! ;-)
5	I LOVED LOVED LOVED THE BREAKFAST HERE!  It was extreme farm food meaning the portions are huge.  The pancakes were delicious.  My friend had the banana pecan flap jack and it was delicious.  My other friend had the breakfast quesadilla and it was AMAZING!  The red bell pepper cream sauce really pulled the dish together.  I had the eggs benedict hash with bacon and spinach.  It also had the red bell pepper cream sauce.  That sauce is just wonderful.  It's a new restaurant so it has a few kinks to work out.  The first time I was there the service was fast and efficient.  The second time I went it was slow and no one took our order or gave us water for 20 mins.  It was affordable and very filling.  I will be back the next time I'm in Vegas!
2	Are You Obese? Do you want to be obese? Do you like getting monstrous portions of slop to eat while looking at other obese people gorge themselves with giant portions of unhealthy food?Well then Slop House a GoGo is for you. I read the reviews.I got personal recommendations. I have driven by numerous times and have seen all the cars in the parking lot. And now, I have experienced it first hand.This place is not for anyone who cares about their health.We went there today as I had a hangover and heard this was a place to go to sooth my aching body.Well,we got there and were greeted with LOUD music blaring and some not too friendly barstaff that seemed to behave as thought they were doing me a favor getting me a drink.(to bite the dog that bit me)We were told the wait would be thirty minutes (which the hostess said was not too bad, often you had to wait for an hour or more for a table), so we sat down after I got my drink. My husband was surfing all of the reviews on Yelp. He asked me two or three times if this is what I wanted because most of the reviews mention the huge portions and the "Man Vs. Food" show that this was on. By the way, the wait was not that long.Well, for those of you who are not acquainted with the show, it is a scourge on America, IMHO. The idea it seems, and I have watched it more than once, is for the host of the show to eat enormous portions of challenging food. I wonder why his liver has not enlarged the way Morgan Spurlock's (of the movie "SuperSize Me") did. Probably because he must wait and detoxify between shows. I recommend watching it sometime, it is truly disgusting and an example of Gluttony in the worst way.Well, my husband kept giving me hints that the experience may not be what I wanted, since I am interested in quality not quantity, but I was hungover and needed to eat.We sat down at a table and noticed that almost every fourth person eating at the tables around us was HUGE. Not just a bit overweight, but hearattack just around the corner fat. I mean people approaching or in fact morbidly obese.And what were they eating? GIANT PILES of DEEP FRIED saucy slop.My husband stated once again, that this resturant was on the show "Man Versus Food". That is it's claim to fame folks. The show that is suggesting that people should try and eat this HUGE portion of food, when really your stomach is only about the size of your fist.Well, onto the meal. First, I have to say the waitperson was very nice, and that is about all I liked about this place.The food came. We ordered the fried chicken breast benedict and a spinach salad. The spinach salad must have had a half a pound of well cooked, rather tasty bacon on it, but wow, toooo much bacon. And I LOVE bacon. I must say that the salad was tasty.The other order was also tasty, but it was ENORMOUS and a giant pile of sadness.Mashed Potatoes, with bacon on top, covered by three deep fried breaded chicken breasts with scrambled eggs and fried cheese on top covered in what must have been a pint of, once again, tasty sauce. Oh, and there were some biscuits strewn about the plate that were the size of two stacked hockey pucks. They were also good.But what they have done, is taken this to an extreme that is just awful. Tone it down a bit, smaller portions, like maybe 10-20% of the size would be fine.The experience was very disheartening, and pretty disgusting. I will only go there as a goof, if I ever go again.Lose weight America. We have an OBESITY and DIABETES EPIDEMIC.You want QUANTITY. Eat here with all the other Fatties.Oh and if you want to just order one thing and share it, they charge you $2.50 for the plate. Sheesh.Yuck.
4	This place is great. Huge portions. HUUUGE  You might have to split food but beware there is a split charge.  The chicken and waffles are delicous. Delicious combinations and the hamburgers are amazing. Oh I tried the bread pudding annd it is crazy good.
5	Being a midwesterner, I am used to the idea of generous portions, but OMG this place is ridiculous! It's not quantity of quality with this place, but both hand in hand!This is what we had:Andy's sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs. I took a picture of this sexy beast so look at it! This is shown as a Man V Food recommendation and Adam Richmond was spot on with this one! Really good fried chicken just covered with egg, cheese, bacon, and chipotle cream. On the side of the plate they have like a chipotle puree as decoration and garnish. OMG! Really subtle, smoky chipotle cream just made the dish for me. It was really good. The chicken itself was a nice big piece of fried chicken that I really liked. There was a split biscuit underneath all of this and honestly, that by itself was really good. I ended up removing one of the halves of the biscuit and putting the house jelly on it.. Such a good milky and fluffy biscuit.. A really hearty/delicious dish!Can't find it on the online menu , but also had a chorizo hash with fresh jalapenos, house potatos, and eggs. I think there was more to it than that, but I can't remember. Really fresh chorizo with a nice kick to it. Unlike other chorizos, this wasn't too salty which was greatly appreciated! The potatoes were really good being nice and brown. No complaints about that dish either!Of course had coffee and juice as well. Fresh juice and always refilled coffee. Can't beat it. As far as service goes, it was good. I could of used more water when I wasn't sipping my coffee, but other than that not bad at all.Pricing is fair for the amount you get!Overall this is a 5 star place. Really good food and good service at a fair price. It is more than what one usually pays for breakfast, but it is a special treat and we were in Vegas so no biggie!
4	Come for breakfast items, but stay away from potato dishes (bland). Stick with the pancakes, waffles, french toast or try the pork tenderloin benedict. The pork is also tasty at dinner.Bring your appetite!
5	Wow. Since when are large portions a bad thing? I was super hungry and kind of grumpy about the long wait to get a table (at least 45 min), and another 40 minutes to actually get our food, but the wait is so worth it. While we were waiting and looking at the menu, I saw the prices weren't exactly cheap and thought to myself, the food better be really good for at least $12 a plate... and it definitely was. I ate as much as I could of my Rosemary Chicken Hash (the chicken was juicy and delicious, and the potatoes as well), and still had enough to take home for a second meal. Everyone else in my party of 6 was equally pleased and had leftovers to take. Hash House is a rare find, and I can't wait to go back!
4	After seeing the place on MvF I had to give it a whirl.  I ordered the chicken and waffles (stuffed with bacon strips).  The wife order the mahole cover sized blueberry/pecan pancake, with eggs and potatoes.  omg the portion size is so far beyond ridiculoous.  I think, we'll split a meal next time (and will pprobably still leave food nehind).  My one regret was that my chicken and wafles were a little too...pretty?  I was ready for a heart attack specia (like going to Roscoe's)l.  And it felt more like a gourmet experience. But make no mistake, we're going back.  Look for discounts online.
3	I love HHAGG, I have ate a few times at the Sahara location and I had family in town this weekend so I thought we'd give the IP location a try.The food was really good, the place was empty, but it was amazing fare. I had the Chicken and Waffles, my aunt had the portobello sandwich, and my uncle had the Risotto stuffed Squash, all 3 were great...niether of them are vegitarians, but they both ordered non meat options, and both were good, the Risotto Stuffed Squash was probably my favorite of the 2, but hands down the Chicken and Waffles took the cake!!!2 big chicken breasts fried up and served on a bacon studded waffle, I've had better, but it was really really good, if this review was just based on the food it would be 5 stars no questions asked, but it's not all food.I have always had a great time at the Sahara location, good service, and a fun crowd, but the IP Location is totally different.I really liked the industrial decor, but that was about it...The location is hard to find, there is a ton of sinage outside of the building but there isn't very much once you get inside.I don't know who hired the staff but it's the exact opposite of the Sahara Location, no smiles, everyone seemed a bit crabby and the place was EMPTY.It did take quite a while for the food to be delivered, we even joked that they must be out finding a pig for the bacon in the waffles, but everything came out at pretty much the same time, and was as good as I expected.One other complaint, you can get enough food to feed a family of 4, but if you drink just water they bring it out in a small glass, the other drinks come out in a big pint glass, but if you only have the water you are stuck with the shot glass, I asked 2 different servers for a bigger glass and they both just brought the pitcher and refilled my tiny cup.The food is amazing, but the staff and location hurt, I won't go out of my way to eat here again but if family is in town, and we're hungry it will work
4	Saw this on Man vs. Food so I knew I had to visit this place. The original is in San Diego, which I will visit soon. Man they were not joking about the portion size. The Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles was 4x the size at other places and has BACON BAKED DIRECTLY INTO THE WAFFLES! That is amazing. 4 stars for sure and would have been 5 stars if not for the crazy long waits. While you are there try their huge Bloody Mary's - only $8.50 and 2x the normal size.
4	Go hungry.  Like Claim-Jumper-Level hungry.  The food was fantastic, but they give you enough to feed at least two people in every entree.  Went for lunch and had the warm spinach salad.  It was good, but I was definitely the odd man out, as all my companions had things like Pot Pie, Corn Beef, Meatloaf, etc.  Down home cooking at its finest.The only thing that kept me from giving it a 5 was that the service was a bit off.  All of our entrees arrived sporadically (there was about a five minute gap between the first and last served) and one of the people in my party didn't get the soup they ordered.  Nevertheless, I will definitely go back, and am eager to try something off the breakfast menu.
5	My first visit here was an hour wait. I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Salad and the banana mocha..I did not think I'd be able to finish that salad but it was soooooooooooooo good with that crispy fried chicken that I finished just about the whole plate. I kid you not, but the portions at this restaurant are meant for giants! That banana mocha was the best mocha I had in my life. My second visit was Hash House in San Diego with my bf. We drove from Irvine to SD JUST for Hash House! The wait was only 15 minutes long and it was his first time there. He ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken and I ordered the Corned Beef. We also had the Blood Orange Soda, which got us so addicted to it that he searched and found it at a store in Orange County. The food was just as good and we picked our bellys up and walked out of the restaurant proudly with a huge grin on our face. We stopped by the SD Wilderness Park after and burnt off our lunch walking and skipping (not really because we were so full we could barely skip) around like little kids. It was one of the best date ever!
2	eh...is it just me? or is this place just all hype?First of all, waiting for over an hour for breakfast was NOT so fun...but hey...if it's good, then I'll wait.So was it worth the wait? NOPE!  This place serves so-so breakfast with facade-ly big portions on the pricey side.  I was just glad to get some food in my tummy.  I ordered the salmon hash plate, which was ok.  I tried my friend's chorizo hash plate with was much better.  The chorizo was spicy and delicious.  The sage fried chicken was forgettable.One thing, don't think you can go there and not order and just share.  You have to order something.  I forgot what the minimum was.  My mom ordered Latte and still had to order something else.  SO BEWARE!
2	I really wanted to like this place. I've seen it on Food TV, I heard about the "twisted farm food," I was alll read to fall in love with it and tell all my friends "I found this great place!"Didn't happen. I went there for breakfast with a colleague. We were seated side-by-side facing a giant TV set playing Food TV scenes I had seen already. I ordered a ham-spinach-and-cheese scramble with crispy fried potatoes.The scramble was mediocre, the "crispy" potatoes had a hard shell, and the biscuit was dry and had some kind of herb sprig incongruously shoved in it.It wasn't bad, really, it just wasn't very good. The biggest disappointment was the next day, when I was short on time and grabbed myself a McDonald's biscuit sandwich. The McDonald's biscuit was moist, fluffy and tasty -- more so than the one I had had for a higher price the day before.Disappointing.
4	WOW - I visit Hash House a GO GO for breakfast every time I stay in Vegas. It never disappoints. Get there before 930AM on the weekend if you don't want to wait for a seat. (plus weekend brunch specials are paired with domestic beer choices.)This time the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict is awesome and was recommended on "Man vs. Food." I ended up taking more than half of it home for breakfast the next day.My wife had the bacon and avocado scramble. It was good - get it with the grilled mashed potatoes instead of the fried potatoes. My children had the kids French toast. It comes with a fried banana and is sprinkled with pecans and cinnamon. It is a large portion and can be split between two kids.Coffee is good and hot. Service is prompt. Portions are large. Hash House is a definite Vegas favorite.
3	Thoroughly enjoyed this place with some local peeps. Had the chicken and biscuits which were great, but a TON of food. My friends had the chicken and waffles and the pork tenderloin dishes and both were not bad as well. The service was spot on and very attentive. When back in Vegas I'll be sure to hit up this place for breakfast at least
1	This place really does make you feel like you're in Vegas. Your food is either awesome or it sucks. I go to the casinos to gamble. I don't go to restaurants to gamble on taste. Sadly this is the reality of this place.Food:I had the Chicken Sage with waffles. All style, no substance. Chicken was dry and flavorless. Waffles was mushy. I rather get the 99cents Popeyes Tuesday special and slap it on a double Waffle Cafe waffle and it would taste much better and be cheaper. Crabcake, salmon, swordfish, burger seems to be satisfactory. Both my chicken and salmon had maple syrup on it. Maple syrup has a really strong taste, so it absolutely overshadows other food. I guess its suppose to help season the chicken. But maple syrup on salmon? WTF. Maple syrup on the side next time please. Another person in our group had swordfish which was good, but it was cold. He had to mix it with the mash potatoes to warm it up. This is supposed to be twisted farm food, not twisted sushi bar. Despite all of this, 2 people in our group seem to really enjoy the meal. Looks like the dice rolled in the favor.Service:This is probably unnecessary ripping, but since I'm on a roll anyways, might as well. Two things the waiter said stuck to me, we make everything "home made" so it'll take longer and because of this everything won't come out at once. Like really? I came to a restaurant to get "home made" dinner and expect it to take longer, otherwise I would have just went to my local Walmart and get a frozen dinner and blast it in the microwave and enjoy my meal in about 3 minutes. Secondly, just because it takes longer to make, does not excuse not timing the kitchen to get EVERYONE'S food out at the SAME time. It sucks being the last person waiting for food, watching everyone else eat. Food did come out separately as expected, but timing wasn't too bad. Maybe 1 or 2 minutes between each person. It's amazing they filled up everyone drinks in a timely manner, but couldn't get the 2 people in our group their placemats in a timely manner. Price:Food ranges around $10-$12 for your burgers, $15-$20 for their gluttony creation. $25+ for some other meats. Price seems to be about right for what you're SUPPOSE to be getting. Don't forget this place takes Restaurant.com GC for dinner, so bring a friend or two to help you, it's a lot of food after all.Summary: HashHouseAGo somewhere elseGo somewhere else
4	I got Andy's sage fried chicken benedict to go since I was hung over and needed to drive back to Phoenix.  The place was packed, so I stood at the bar and the bar keep took my order.  I didn't know this place was on Man-vs-Food until I got there.  A friend of mine told me to stop by before leaving Vegas.  Being a fan of the show, I ordered what Adam ate.  I was not disappointed.  In fact, I was quite astounded with the portion and quality.  Chicken was juicy and tender, every thing else was good as well.  The combo of ingredients was a bit odd, but it worked!   I picked at it for most of the drive home, ate it for dinner, and still had plenty left over for the next day.  That made the price a value.   After reading through the reviews, It sounds like they may be getting overwhelmed, but yesterday....they were on-point!
5	This time I came back during real breakfast hours (as opposed to fake hours).  I knew what to expect with the food, but not with the wait.  It wasn't bad at all...considering how many people were waiting.  Service was better than my last visit, which was excellent back then.  And cleanliness was obvious!    As usual lots of staring at unbelievable portions of food.  This time I had the Tractor Driver combo with a Brown Sugar Banana flapjack.  The "large pizza" looking flapjack tasted great, not too sweet.  Although I did like the Blueberry Pecan flapjack better.  I also ordered a side of crispy potatoes, which was addicting.The griddled french toast dipped in banana cinnamon cream tasted better than it sounds.  And the Sage Fried Chicken with Bacon Waffles didn't only look breathtaking, but was outstanding in taste.  There was actual bacon strips inside the waffle!  I'm working my way up to the one-pound stuffed burgers.  Give me a month...
2	I guess I must have gone to a different place than all of the other reviewers. This place was horrible and the only reason it got 2 stars is because my coworkers dinner was OK. The portions are RIDICULOUS! This is way too much food for any human being. The thing that seems to be sacrificed the most with the gigantic portions is the taste. My food matched the interior, bland and nondescript. So thank you Hash House I now have a low mark to measure everything else against.
4	Adam Richman.... I blame you for the long wait I had to endure for my breakFEAST! Okay maybe I only had to wait 45 minutes but who the heck ever waits that long for breakfast? Sage fried chicken and bacon waffles with maple reduction... 2 stars. Roscoe's serves WAAAAAY better chicken and waffles. The chicken was dry and the waffles were too doughy. Where's the sage? The maple reduction was the best part about the plate but it stuck like hot glue so I couldn't get much from it. You absolutely need to ask for more syrup. The fried leeks were bitter.Fried chicken eggs benedict... 4 stars. Sooo heavy but sinfully good. Very filling. The chipotle cream sauce really makes it. Good thing for the tomato bc it really cuts through the heaviness a bit.Meatloaf hash... 5 stars! The meatloaf was sooo moist and tender. The biscuit is delicious with the homemade strawberry jam. Even though this place is known for their fried chicken benedict... I HIGHLY recommend the meatloaf hash.The best thing about our meal? KIWI WATERMELON LEMONADE. It's beautiful and refreshing but too bad there are no refills. The nice waitress gave us refills of regular or strawberry lemonade so that was nice. You can take your lemonade to go!
4	Portions are made for giants here. Ordered the meatloaf hash, thought it could have been seasoned better, only ate about 1/10th of the 10" x10" 3 inch high skillet filled to the brim and then I couldn't even stand to look at it anymore. I highly recommend the Chicken and Waffles! The chicken was so moist and infused with rosemary, best fry chicken I've ever had. And the waffles are heavenly with a thick cut of bacon right inside! The waffles were substantial but yet fluffy, perfect texture. Everything comes together with a scallion glaze that's both savory and a little sweet, it goes perfectly with the waffle, bacon and fried chicken. No wonder it's the NYTimes favorite.
4	I love this place!  The food is good and the portions are huge.  I always get the brown sugar banana pancake  and it is so sweet, you don't even need syrup.  There is a wait on weekends, but I think it is worth it.
5	Chicken and waffles. Go Hungry. Go NOW!!!
4	Finally made my way to the hash house and was just hungover enough to wait the amazingly long time! (this way my second visit and the first was to long for the level of hangover I was experiencing) after catching up on my las Vegas dish with a weekly. The group of five of us was sat... Loved the concept of the menu. Service was a tad slow but we were there in the midst of Sunday brunch. Found myself wavering between multiple items to finally deside on the "Man vs food" favorite involving fried chicken, scrambled eggs, spinach, cheese, mashed potatos, biskets  and chipoltle cream sauces... Yes, all on one plate! After enjoying what I  thought would be an exotic tangerine juice (tastes just like orange) the  train of food began to arrive.. After a look at a pancake the size of a  spare tire I realized I might be in over my head... My brunch that would  have fed myself along with a small country was laid in front of me large knife handle poking out like it was challenging me. The dish was not easy to eat but very tasty after finishing a tenth of the plate my belly was completely full! I would definately go back to this establishment. Maybe for a burger that can feed a family of 4....
3	I came here three times to splurge on breakfast-brunch.You'll notice the portions here are very generous whether you're getting the fried chicken over mash potatoes or a country style scramble.The presentation is a bit deceiving...you take a bite it's ok, but it progressively becomes a big fat disappointment. If you're really hungry and finish you're entire meal than get ready to feel too fat to do anything.The best thing here was the biscuit and jam.The place has some hope if they revamp the flavors of he dishes, use less oil/butter, and offer a lighter portion option.
4	Thanks Adam Richmond for bringing this place to my attention! If it weren't for Man vs. Food, I might never have known this place existed (though that's not entirely true, friends that live in the 'burbs of Vegas knew about it and have never even watched MvF).Yup, the portions are large and in charge and waits are lengthy, give or take an HOUR. The staff is super friendly and never acts overwhelmed, rushed or inconvenienced ++Super tasty watermelon-kiwi lemondade, big fat delectable french toast and meaty hashy chorizo hash all went in my gullet and I swear I didn't eat for another 12+ hours afterward.Come hungry, come patient - leave full, happy and nearly comatose.
4	Saw  this place after stopping by the BMW parts center.  Decided to try it after seeing reviews on Yelp.OMG....bacon inside waffle plus sage fried chicken were delicious.  Will definitely come vhen I'm in Vegas.  This place is about 5 miles the strip but it's totally worth it.  The smores mocha is to die for.  All I can say is come hungry and leave happy.
4	4.5 stars.Warning... this is not healthy food. It is unhealthy, heavy, fattening farm food... whatever farm food is.I got the fried chicken breast benedict. It includes griddled mozzarella cheese (literally.. just melted and browned on the griddle), scrambled eggs, sauce, bacon, biscuit, mashed potatos, and the juicy fried chicken. Now normally I'm not a big fan of chicken breast, but this one is JUICY JUICY and YUMMY YUMMY GET IN MY BELLY.I don't know what it was that made me love this so much. Presentation was excellent, flavors were all there, portion size was very good.  I ate this for lunch, brought it back home for the next day's lunch AND dinner. And it was just as good the next day.Hubby ordered chicken and waffles. BACON COOKED INSIDE THE WAFFLE. Genius.Don't forget your restaurant.com coupon.
5	This place is insane.Not only are the portions huge and good, it's a fun experience just looking at your food.I mean, they put bacon in my waffles... wowand their fried chicken is just tastier.  My favorite place for chicken and waffles now.A must stop for anyone visiting Las Vegas.
4	We stopped by this place one Saturday morning and it was packed to the gills, which should have warned us that we too, would be packed to the gills!  The wait for a table was about 30 minutes, which wasn't too bad.  Our waitress was very attentive and took good care of us.  I started with a blood mary (YUM!) and my hubby had the mocha latte - both drinks were very good! The bloody mary was spicy and adorned with jalapeno stuffed green olives.  I ordered the sage fried chicken benedict and my hubby ordered the pork tenderloin sandwich.  To say the portions were obscene is an understatement.  The portions were ridunculous!!!!  Mine was less ridunculous than my hubby's - the pork tenderloin was three times the size of the bun!  Why add the bun?  Seriously.  There was no way in hell that anyone could have picked that thing up and ate it.  At any rate, the chicken breast on mine was delicious, tender and juicy.  It was a mountain of food, to put it mildly.  I ate the chicken breast, cheese, eggs and bacon - I had no room at all for the biscuits, spinach and mashed potatoes underneath it all.  I believe mine came with a side of shame and guilt because I felt like crap the rest of the day.While our food was very tasty and worth the wait (they do make everything to order, so be patient), it was too much food for 4 people, let alone 2.  For the love of God, if you go, order one meal and share it!! Yes, they charge you $2.50 for a split plate, but who cares?!  It's a small price to pay to be able to enjoy the rest of your day and not be in a vegetative state!!
5	The service was great! Our server was really helpful and on top of things. I ordered the Quesadilla, it was huge! The quesadilla is loaded with cheese, eggs, mashed potatoes, jalapenos and other yummy stuff. They have an amazing creamy-chili cheese sauce to dip your quesadilla in. It was sooooo good. So good that I honestly didnt even want to try anyone elses dishes... but, I couldn't resist, and Im so glad I didnt resist!My husband ordered the Griddle French Toast. It was to die for...to die for. Definitely will order this again!My girlfriend ordered the Andy's sage fried chicken salad. She really liked it. I tried a piece of her chicken and it was crispy and flavorful on the outside, and the inside was juicy and delicious.Her husband had the grilled portobello mushroom sandwich. It was also really good. We ordered all kinds of alcoholic beverages which were really good, but unfortunately I can't remember what I ordered. I was really pleased with everything we ordered here. The portions are so huge that its probably a good thing that its located in Vegas, although there is one here in San Diego...hmm.
4	Come with a big appetite! It is probably the biggest breakfast I ever ate. waited for about 40 min. for party of two, but it was all well worth it. I love the food presentation. Not only it is eye catching it taste delicious.  had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken. It was amazing and huge! it can probably feed up to two people easily. The fried chicken is layered with tomatoes, mozzarella, chiptole creaam, bacon, and some sort of leaves. also came with mash potatoes. It was so delicious.My boyfriend had some meat loaf plate mix with eggs and bunch of other igredients. This was good too but i prefer the fried chicken =)
4	Very interesting food (twisted farm food), huge portions, good quality.  Particularly like their chicken and waffles, egg scrambles (i.e. brie, smoked salmon and spinach), biscuits, homemade strawberry preserves and other items.Good and unique food, service was pretty good - an option if you are looking for something different, yet falls into comfort food.
5	Damn.  All I can say is just, damn!  You think you can eat?!  Take your ass here and challenge yourself.  6 dudes, hungry as hell thought we would destroy anything they had.  So we decided to get the biggest plates they had, waitress was laughing the whole time.  Ultimate fail!  If you go to Vegas, you have to experience this place.  Food tasted great, the service was superb, so it was a very fun experience.
4	"So, have you guys been to Hash House A Go Go yet?" asked the young woman at the front desk of the Marriott Grand Chateau timeshare where we were staying in Las Vegas.  (Good place, that Marriott property, but that's a different review.) We told her that we'd heard of "Hash House" and the claim to fame for big portions which was not our thing - we'd rather have a little of something really good than a lot of something mediocre.  "Ah", she said, "the food there IS really good.  But be SURE you split an order.."Since she, like my husband, was from Brooklyn and even grew up in the same neighborhood, he was inclined to take her advice.  ("A girl from the neighborhood can't be wrong" he said.)  We're' so glad we did because she was right on all counts.   Hash House a Go Go is a great place, the food is really good, and it's wise to split an order!We stopped for breakfast at about 10:30 on a Wednesday morning.  The place was jumping and  we  had to wait ten minutes for a table. (A good sign at mid week in down economy, we think.)  A few minutes of wait gave us time to look around and we noted how inviting and sparkling clean everything was.  Also from "meet and seat" through "order and eat" the service was friendly and top notch.  The breakfast menu had lots of options, both more familiar and highly unique.  We opted for more familiar and split a bacon, avocado, cheese and egg scramble that came with delectable pan fried mashed potatoes, there's a novelty for breakfast, and a perfect buttermilk biscuit. Honest to goodness homemade strawberry jam was on the table...none of that "individual serving container" corn syrup laden stuff here!. Breakfast was only about $12.00 and fed us both with more than we could eat.  (Well, OK, I probably could have finished off those great mashed potatoes but...)If Hash House a Go Go were in our town we'd be regular customers for breakfast and lunch and dinner!  In our opinion, although very different experiences for sure, Hash House is tied with Bouchon at the Ventian for the best breakfast in Las Vegas!
4	Okay, so this place has a wait.  So be prepared to fight through a crowd to be put on the list and then wait for a 30-45 minutes.  But if you're willing and have the time then you're in for a treat!"Hash House" has huge portions... I mean HUGE.  Like, I can fit my baby comfortably on a plate huge.  I suggest you share.  Food here is very tasty.  The first bite is definitely one of those "omg, this is so good" moments.  The sauces are rich and heavy (cream based) so you get full quickly.  Coffee is very good too... Enjoy!
5	Since my first review I've been back twice- once for breakfast and once for dinner. For breakfast my bf and I had a local coupon that was $10 a $25 purchase for breakfast, so first off that was a really good deal. We showed up on an early Monday afternoon and there were some people but it wasn't packed (thank God). Our server was great, checking up on us often and in a friendly manner. I ordered the Rosemary Chicken Hash (again) which was wonderful (again), and my bf ordered the Chicken and Waffles. The entire time he was eating he had the greatest look of pleasure on his face, very much a foodgasm.For dinner our group of 4 showed up on a Monday night and the place was almost empty, perfect for us. I was very excited to try dinner at Hash House and was not disappointed. My bf had the Chicken and Waffles again as well as his sister, her bf had some sort of bowtie pasta (I can't remember the name but it looked good), and I had the Farmer's Pasta. HH certainly knows how to make innovative and delicious dishes. My dish had chicken over angel hair pasta with corn on the cob, potatoes, barley, and spinach, with all of this sitting in vegetable stock, and griddled parmesan cheese on top. The stock really made everything stay moist and it was delicious. I got full and had some leftovers.Only negative about our dinner experience is that our server was in training and it showed. I asked for a Root Beer and got Dr. Pepper instead... kind of hard to fudge something like that up, isn't it? He also poured a can of Guinness into a glass as if he were pouring water, so it was all fizz for quite a while. IMO, all food servers should be required to know how to pour beers properly. Third strike was how inattentive he was; he did not check up on us and we had to flag him down to replace the incorrect soda as well as take a simple request for some pepper. I am glad these were minor infractions and did not ruin our meal nor experience. We did leave him a tip though that implied "you need to work on some things."Everyone loved their food and had leftovers to take. We also had a coupon that was $25 off a $50 dinner order. Not only is the food delicious and at reasonable prices, but they also offer great coupons in the mail. This is just the cherry on top for Hash House and we are certain to keep coming back.
4	We took a cab from the airport to "Hash House a Go Go".  The cab ride was a bit pricey because the restaurant was far from the airport but a friend wanted to try this place so we gave it a Go Go... Hehe ok that wasn't funny.  It probably sounded more funny when I was typing it out.We came to Hash House at about 11:00AM on a Saturday and had to wait for about 30 minutes.  The place was busy and did not take reservations on weekends.  I'm not sure if they take it on weekdays.I ordered the chicken and waffles.  The portions were huge and the chicken was decent.  The dish included four waffles, each with a strip of bacon inside the waffle.  When my dish came out, I looked at it and said, "Hell no I'm eating this thing..." but to my surprise, it was actually pretty good.  I never thought  fried chicken, bacon, waffles, and syrup would taste good together.  Service is average so expect to wait a little.All in all, a good place to have breakfast.  One portion is more than enough for two people.  The price is really good at about 13 bucks for the chicken and waffle, which could feed a family of four without a big appetite.  I finished all of my chicken but only ate one of the waffles.  I did pick out all of the bacon from the other three pieces of waffle though.
4	Wanted to go somewhere off strip when I was in Vegas -- thanks Yelp for helping me find this place.  Hash House has the potential to be a rock star place for brunch.  It is definitely attracting loads of people (waited about an hour).  I loved the fun drinks and all the menu choices.  It was hard for me to decide what to order as I saw the waiters delivering all the food around me.  I decided to order the vegetarian hash and couldn't wait for it to be delivered.  However, I was disappointed when the food showed up lukewarm.  The biscuit was cold (biscuits aren't good cold - they should be served HOT).  When I tasted some of my brother's pancake, it was also cold (although he said it was hot when it arrived -- I have a hard time believing that it cooled off that quickly).  I would definitely try Hash House again.  The portions are huge and the is something for everyone to eat here.  But I hope the management will fix the operational issues -- make sure that food is being served HOT, please, (at the very least, heat up the plates/skillets in the oven so food doesn't cool off so quickly).
5	The place was packed! Waited 15 min not bad on a Saturday @ 1200. My hubby and I split the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit. Thank goodness we did. The is a must eat meal. The chicken is moist and flavorful! My coffee was always filled. Great service despite the madness going on. Well worth the wait!! Will definitely come again!! =)
5	Sooooooo amazing. Have heard about this place for years, but never lived close enough for convenience. Now that I live 3 minutes away have been twice this week. Menu can seem pricey at first, but after seeing the size of the portions and the quality of the food is actually a great value. The fried chicken benedict is their signature dish and is absolutely epic. It is $15, but more than enough food for 2. Also their flapjacks are $7.50, the size of a large pizza and can fill up 3 hungry roommates. This place is always packed and it is easy to see why.
5	I love this place!!! Portions are HUGE! The atmosphere was very unique, loud music, a fun little bar and bar seating area. Was a perfect recovery location since we had a little too much to drink the night before. I had a bloody mary (Spicy!) and the Fresh Mushroom, artichoke hearts, sundried tomato and fresh spinach House Hash- talk about amazing!!!
5	YUM!!! My husband and I went our first night in Vegas and were so impressed we went again before we left and took some friends with us. The food was great (blueberry pancakes, chicken pot pie, waffles) and the service was very good. The portion sizes are ridiculously huge. They could easily serve half and it would still be plenty. We would recommend sharing. Both trips we brought food back to the hotel room and it made a great midnight snack after drinking the night away.
2	I had heard so much about this place and was extremely excited to go here.  I went on my birthday for brunch and was sadly disappointed.  Now I will admit that this place is probably as amazing as everyone says, but my experience was awful.  First off the waiter gave us a song and dance about the food being fresh and the wait might be longer.  I expect fresh food and don't try and give me an excuse why you are slow.  We waited 50 minutes for our food.  The waiter mixed up all our drinks giving my wife pepsi when she asked for diet three seperate times.  If I wasn't looking so forward to this meal I would have walked out.  My wife ordered the chicken and brie sandwich which was bland and had hardly any brie on it.  Don't bill your sandwich as a chicken and brie and then hold the brie.  I got a meatloaf sandwich and the meatloaf was delicious but the amount of fried cheese on it was absolutely disgusting.  The best choice was my friend who got the Sage chicken and waffles.  Obviously this place has one or two tricks up it's sleeve and it is wise to stick with them.  I should have got the chicken and waffles too.  To top it all off we used a $50 coupon from halfoff.com and it seem like they had never seen one before.  It took them 15 mintues to figure out our check.  Ridiculous and did not meet all the hype.
1	This was absolutely the worst meal I've had since I can remember.  What an ill-conceived and poorly executed restaurant.We were seated pretty quickly.  It was busy.  I looked around at the plates on the tables that people had in front of them and I couldn't believe it.  Big mountains of food all of them, crowned with foot long branches of rosemary and handfuls of dried pasta.  Blechhhhhh!So we sat down and the server was very nice.  It took almost an hour for us to get our food, however.  "We don't use heat lamps or microwaves!" was her explanation for the wait.  What does that mean?    You don't cook your pancakes and eggs in the microwave?  I should hope not.  Judging by the wait, they were cooking with a magnifying glass and a sunbeam.Anyways, I ordered a "Benedict".  What came out was cold and awful and not anything close to a benedict.  A pound of gluey, cold mashed potatoes (why?), 2 cold and unappetizing bricks of biscuits topped with cold, unseasoned scrambled eggs!  I thought I got the wrong dish.  Nope, said young waitron.  That's our benedict!  I don't care what you call it, if it's supposed to be eggs benedict it's got to at least have poached eggs or even fried, not scrambled.The worst part of it (besides the prices) was the mashed potato monstrosity!  Literally 2 pounds of cold, congealed potatoes that had already set up like a concrete foundation underneath all of the awful food.I was angry leaving this restaurant I was so upset.  Waited an hour for a $15 plate of something I didn't order.  It tasted awful and made me sick to look at it it was so gross.  The pancake was just as bad, like 2 feet wide on top of a huge plate.  Disgusting.  And almost 50 bucks for breakfast? Wow the portions are huge!  But the food sucks and it's super expensive.  You're really paying for two meals and who wants to bring eggs and pancake leftovers home?We barely touched the food once it finally arrived and were obviously perturbed, but the waitress didn't notice or was used to it.  I couldn't wait to purge on yelp when I got home still starving in spite of the mound of mash.  I'm surprised this place gets such good yelps.  I really hated every inch of this strange place.
3	Interesting!  I get what they are trying to do, be a funky take on the ocuntry breakfast diner.  It still has a Vegas feel to it; is it possible to do anything in Vegas and not feel that you are being hustled a little bit?  The food was good, not outstanding. Portions are huge.  I had the Friend Chicken with maple syrup reduction.  The chicken was good, mashed potatoes were very good.  My son had the waffles and fried chicken and his chicken was a bit greasier.  Vegas, huge portions, loud happy waiter, interesting decor, funny stuff on the menu, but the substance was just a bit lacking.  Given the breakfast alternatives on the strip, I would go back. Not bad.
4	The waffles with fried chicken is amazing. The portions are huge so use extreme caution when ordering.
5	Ok... Wow... Seriously, wow. Best show in vegas. As soon as you walk in and see the burgers you'll realize you're in some crazy version of Bedrock. I'm sure there are a lot of reviews on breakfast so I'll get into the LUNCH menu.Bacon infused waffles and Fried Chicken... was interesting. Glad I didn't order it though because I HAD THE DISH OF THE NIGHT!!!!!Hammered pork loin and mash potatoes with pan seared leeks. DUDE... If you're in vegas, you must eat exactly that. SO AMAZING. People were eating off my plate due to the magnetic attraction they had with the amazing dish. I didn't mind because there was no way we 4 were going to finish anything that was on the table. Literally ate a burger in several slices.Final note... Whilst in vegas you may party like you are 19 again and have the worst hangover in the world from your night of cuervo, vodka, and jack daniels. the only solution is to have the $17 dollar bloody mary. Don't ask for anything extra. Get it stock, I guarantee it will be the best bloody mary and ultimately the best hangover cure you have ever tried. Be my guest- I did 8 4horseman shots the night before (Jim, Jack, Jose, and Johnny) and the next day after 3 hashouse bloody marys I was completely cured.Best in class, wish I could add an extra star. OH... and although it was super busy, the service was very attentive. AWESOME JOB HAS HOUSE A GO GO. oh yea... YABADABA DOOO!!!!!
4	i had big eyes here. and... if you have big eyes here, PLEASE ONLY GET ONE PLATE. one plate is enough to feed 4 people comfortably.I got the sage fried chicken benedict. and the bacon waffle. (i shared the bacon waffle with 3 others). but we didn't even finish our dishes. everyone took something home. sage fried chicken benedict. i was eyeing so many items on the menu, but this was my final decision since it said man v food favorite next to it. it was delicious, and i definitely took at least half of it home. the chicken was crispy and delicious. the sauce on top is really good. i don't know what it was. the mashed potatoes are really good, and the biscuit is very fluffy. as soon as the waitress plopped it in front of me, i knew i couldn't possibly finish it. i had the leftovers later, and it was still good!bacon waffles. i actually really really really enjoyed this. maybe more than the sage fried chicken benedict. only because it's simple: savory and sweet. BTW, the bacon at this place is amazing. thick and crispy. i'll definitely want to get this again, but i'm going to have to give a chance to other items on the menu.when we arrived, it was a sunday around noon i'd say. they told us it was an hour and 15 minute wait. we decided to wait it out. we ended up getting seated 30-40 minutes in. so it wasn't bad. but we were extremely hungry, and that explains why we all got the bacon waffle as an "appetizer" to share. we definitely did not need it. this location is off the strip.. quite the ways.. there's another one at imperial palace so i've heard.
4	I went here with my friends during our Vegas weekend and I was not disappointed. The meals seem pricey but you get portions made for Amazon people, no joke! I had the sage fried chicken and waffles. The chicken was perfect and the waffle was slightly above average and that is because it had bacon in it. Why didn't I think of that? Bacon in waffles.... genius! The sage in the chicken tasted great, some bites had more sage than others but that's how it goes. I also had a Smores mocha or latte and it was good. A little too big for one person to drink, I had to share it. So I really liked this drink because the marshmallows were toasted to perfection and the bitterness of the espresso mixed with the sweetness of the marsh mellows and chocolate syrup made my palate happy. I can't wait to go to the Hash House in San Diego, yummy. If you are in Vegas or San Diego, check this place out. FYI- GO THERE HUNGRY, K
3	can you say... "no, i did not order a sack of potatoes, nor a whole chicken, or even a side order platter of waffles..."that is what you will find here... gluteny!portion sizes are crazy! seriously think about ordering up family style and share with your friends... that is what these 6 girlies did on our recent visit to vegas.service was good, environment clean, wait time average, food cold = average review.fried chicken sage was EXCELLENThash with asperagus was EXCELLENTwaffels, "i've had better"mint mocha "good by seattle standards"portions "CRAZY"
4	This place has ridiculously HUGE portions!  My advice is if you cannot eat a huge plate, share, share, share or just bring it home so you can leftovers for days.  It is, gluttony at its best.  Anna L. and I split Andy's Sage Fried Chicken with fresh spinach, tomatoes, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream, and scrambled eggs.  Apparently, this dish is a fave of Adam from Man vs. Food.  The dish was really good especially the chipotle cream.  It gave a nice spiciness to the dish.  The only downside...the chicken was lukewarm and not hot.  Other dishes that we ordered were the chicken and waffles, banana french toast (if I were craving sweets, that is probably what I would order), and corned beef and hash.  The drinks are delish esp. the watermelon lemonade cooler and mint mocha.  Good prices, clean restaurant, good food, and great service makes Jen a happy chica!
4	Breakfast heaven! The portions are large enough to share or for two meals (at least). I ordered the fried chicken breast with egg, mashed potatoes, bacon and a biscuit. The fried chicken has cereal and rosemary coating making it really flavorful and crispy. The chicken breast is thick and moist. Mashed potato is full of flavor and really good. The menu states that there is a maple reduction but it really was a small decorative thing on the plate. I really wish they had a chicken and waffles dish that wasn't with the leeks. My friend ordered their meatloaf hash. It was pretty normal meatloaf but definitely huge. They have homemade marmalade on every table and is different each time. This is great when you're in vegas, hung over and need to really eat.
4	For large groups (10 in ours), expect to wait at least 45-60 mins to be seated for brunch/lunch on a Sunday walk-in. Make reservations! It might have saved us a bit more time.  After we ordered their popular dishes (chicken and waffles, sage fried chicken), the waitress told us that it'll take another 30-40 mins for our food to arrive, since everything is made from scratch. Not really sure if this applies to all guests or just larger groups. We were getting hungrier by the minute waiting and watching all the dishes pass by. The service was spot on, our waitress was delightful, and the food we ordered surpassed my taste buds/appetites expectations. The dishes are big enough to be shared, but they'll charge a small fee for sharing, unless you order a side with that meal. It's been a few months since I ate there, so double check the menu or ask about that. I thought this place was a lot tastier than Bouchon at Palazzo.Mix up your Vegas plans and eat here the next time you're out there. If it's good enough for Adam from Man v Food, it should be more than enough for you.
3	Great creativity and fresh ingredients. Execution? Good, but not stellar. Most of us had luke warm food, but I was too lazy (since it felt like forever to get our food), to cry about it and send it back. More like a 3-4 range, but the flavor and temperature were lacking. They do have an awesome smores mocha that you should probably share. Actually, share anything you order because the portion will be monster. We came for Brunch on a Friday and had a short wait. Best thing was probably my friend's banana french toast. That was tasty and the broiled (?) bananas were the perfect addition. Would I go again for that price? Probably not. Maybe the San Diego sister location would be better....
4	The food is amazing!!!!! I had the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken so good!!! I crave it daily. Everything i've tried i love but the one down fall is the wait. Every time I've been here I've waited about a hour.
5	I was SO excited to both go here and subsequently post about this on Yelp!  I remember seeing the episode of Man VS. Food when he went here about 7-8 months ago and I told myself that the next time I'm in Vegas, I'm going here!  Well, I did, and it didn't disappoint in the slightest!My wife and I ordered one pancake, which is basically the size of a manhole cover.  I really wish we hadn't ordered it because there was no way we were going to finish the dish that came next, the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  When the waitress brought the dish, we had people looking and even asking what the heck this thing was.  It was HUGE!  Fortunately, the actual size matched the size of its taste!  I can't say I've ever had fried chicken or chipotle sauce in the morning, but it was very good.It was a great experience and will most likely become a long-standing tradition every time we visit Vegas!
3	"A decent restaurant in Imperial Palace?! Get outta here! Since IP's rooms are considered a heath hazard violation (imo), shouldn't their food?!" -meWent in there after a ~30 minute wait with a group of 6. Our waitress took our order and yeah. We didn't see her for another 40+ minutes until when she came out with our food. I'm sure the kitchen was really backed up. I understand...So I ordered the stuffed roasted red pepper and griddled smoked mozzarella burger. The portion was big. My eyes were bulging out as if a semi-stuck was coming straight at me. "Time to dig in!!! We're starving!!!!" Mannn...you would expect a burger that just came out of the kitchen to be hot and the cheese to be oozing out, right?! Nah man...my burger was barely lukewarm (my big ass plate was hotter than the burger itself), but the toasted bread was hot. The fries that came with it....burned the roof of my mouth hot! So what happened?!?!?? =(Anyway...I was starving so it was good. I know for sure that it would be way better if it came out hot. I'm gonna have to give this another shot in the summer because I believe in second chances and the price is just right for the amount of food you get. Until then...
5	My husband and I wanted to go here after we saw Man vs Food do their Las Vegas episode here. So we were planning a trip to the Hoover Dam and Grand Canyon and decide to stop here for a big breakfast. Make sure you split with someone because the portions are unbelieveable huge. They charge a split plate fee. We got around that by ordering an extra biscuit. Anyway we ordered The Tracker Driver combo. We got scrambled eggs, bacon, and the HH signature snicker flapjack. WoW!!! Pure heaven on a plate. I will add that service did suck here so if you are in hurry this place doesn't work for you!! We ended up eating at the bar area since it was a line for the resteraunt area.
3	One night of pure Vegas partying and you will be screaming for a Grade A brunch that will cure you of any sinful activities you've endured the night before. This place is IT and will provide you the absolute best brunch in town. Their proportions are ginormous no matter what you order so if you come with a friend, plan to split the plate or you'll be walking around the casinos with a handful of doggy bags.I ordered the HH Original Benedict which was one of MANY styles of benedict they offered on their menu. The red pepper cream sauce was a sensational twist to a brunch time classic while underneath was a heavenly pile of country style biscuits, fresh spinach, tomato, and crispy bacon. They definitely did not skimp out on anything. The service was friendly and attentive and overall a great experience. And though I mainly rate restaurants based on service and quality of food,  if you are going for the environment, you will most certainly be puzzled. This place is definitely confused on whether it wants to be a diner or a mod/urban themed restaurant. The music was laughable, jumping from 80's synth pop to 90's rock ballads to early techno and somewhat distracting.I truly would have given this place 4 stars but there was one minor detail about the menu that left me a little bit disappointed... While they had an extensive brunch menu that was served through lunch, if you do not make it to sit down before they change their breakfast menu, all of their breakfast items are served with scrambled eggs only and the chefs WILL NOT cater to your preference of any other style eggs. That's right, if you are drooling over all those eggs benedict specialties, you will be served your biscuits with SCRAMBLED instead of poached how it's supposed to be. Bad move, HH, but great creativity with the other items on your menu.
4	We heard about this place from friends and they were right: This place is awesome!When you order here, keep in mind most dishes can feed two people. On the other hand, our dish came "served with fresh fruit", which turned out to be only two pieces of fruit. The rest of our food was plentiful, though. And all of it was so fresh and so delicious! I loved that my side of fresh fruit ( I ordered extra because I wanted more than the two pieces) wasn't the ordinary grapes, etc. you'll find at most places. No, here you get fresh pineapple, huge orange slices, strawberries and such that have all been ripened to perfection. :DThe staff was friendly, too. Sometimes the music got a little too loud, but otherwise the atmosphere was great.
5	Midwest size portions meets Las Vegas excess.  Or maybe brunch on steroids?  This place came highly recommended and it did not disappoint.  Located away from the hordes of the visitors milling about the strip, this place is so popular that there is usually a 45 minute to 60 minute wait just to get seated.   Thankfully there were several of us so many dishes were sampled.  I ended up with the chicken and waffles which were excellent.   The chicken was perfectly fried up, not soggy or greasy.  The waffles were stuffed with bacon of all things!  Genius!  I also got to sample the hand hammered pork cutlet covered in some type of sage cream gravy which was pretty fantastic.  The portions are ludicrous.  I felt like we were in an episode of the Flintstones.  Huge portions and reasonable prices.  Most entrees ran about $15 but the quality and portion size made it pretty reasonable.  Not to mention that most buffets on the strip are much pricier with hit or miss quality.  Seriously, those of you with normal sized appetites might consider splitting some of the larger entrees they are so huge.
5	Ok so if you are ever in Vegas and want some killer food off the strip, you need to go here!  The portions are huge and everything I have ever order has been great! I always end up taking left overs back to my room.  This is a must everytime I go to Las Vegas.
4	the food here is pretty good.. i got the chicken and waffles and i must say that the portions are freaking huge at this place. when they bring out the food it  is pretty intimidating. the plates are just overflowing with massive amount of food! just a heads up: we took a cab to this location from the venetian, only to find out that they have one on the strip now!
5	Randomly ended up here while in Vegas over Christmas.  Did not expect it to be particularly special, but their fried green tomatoes changed my world!  The service was fantastic, both prompt and witty.  The portions were quite decent (some meals i saw walking past me were over the top).  They take the time to create a work of art out of the most simple meals, which is unexpected and fun.  but, back to those fried green tomatoes...  I fear I may never find their equal..  Please Hash House... Open your next branch in Seattle...  SOON!!  We need you here!
5	I have to start by saying WOW! Make sure you go with someone to this place, since you won't be able to eat one portion of anything alone. You need to share with someone. Had a salad, delicious! Had the chicken and waffles, pretty good (the chicken could have had more marinating and spices, a bit bland); burger, delicious (especially the bun!); You need to try different dishes and you will see that as a whole, the place is VERY GOOD!
3	I have mixed emotions about this place. First of all, good grief the lines! I must have passed by the restaurant several times during my vacation before I found the place without a line out the door. (Mid-week, 6pm-ish).The look of the place is cool. I like the rustic, shabby-chic thing they have going on. The staff were great. The hostess was busy seating someone when I came in, but the very nice lady at the bar informed me she'd be right back. I was seated within 5-minutes of walking in the door. A fantastic start.My server was Tiffany, same woman from the bar when I entered. She was so nice and friendly and has a great sense of humor (as I asked her if she was stalking me). She took my drink order and let me look at the biiig menu. I had gone in to the restaurant craving BBQ, but saw the Chicken and Waffles on the menu and had to have them. As I waited for my meal to arrive, someone brought me the HHAGG (horrible acronym) version of pre-meal bread. A Big-Ass-Biscuit (no, they didn't call it that). Buttermilk biscuit with honey glaze on it served with whipped honey butter and honey on the side. I only took a couple of bites because I saw the dishes coming out for other diners and I knew I'd better not eat the whole thing. Flavor of the biscuit was good. It was, however, a bit on the dry side.My meal showed up and I had to bust out laughing. Seriously? That is one giant tower of food. All held together with a giant skewer and a knife stabbed through it. Tiffany said they 'don't mess around'. clearly!And here's where the mixed emotions come in. The chicken was definitely missing something. I wish I knew what, but it was just so bland. I thought perhaps I was missing some nuance of flavor, so I took a moment to drink some water and pulled a piece of just chicken. The meat was just slightly dry and completely void of flavor. Huh? I tore off some of the fried skin/coating and tired that, which was also bordering on flavorless. How could this be? I can see flecks of .. well .. something in the coating. I don't get it. Bummer.The Waffles, however, were heaven. Waffles with bacon cooked right inside, covered in syrup. Mmmmm. Sweet and salty heaven. If I could have had just a plate of those waffles, I'd have been a happy soul. Tiffany mentioned that they sometimes have a pancake with bacon AND chocolate chips in it. Holy Cow! I'd love to try that.I would definitely come here again, preferably with several hungry friends that all order something different and are willing to share tastes. And I'd probably ask to sit in Tiffany's area because she was a real superstar, fun and friendly.
3	Let down. Not nearly as good as we expected and they charged us for sharing a plate. Screw that....and our waitress was almost a beotch.
1	This place is like the white guy in "The Great White Hope" all hype but it can't deliver.The girl who seated us was friendly and the tables were a good size, but it pretty much went downhill from there.Our waitress was abrupt and they have a lot of hidden policies.  When I asked if I could make substitute the side on the dish I wanted from one potato product to another I was told "no substitutions."  This is crazy.  I know what the kitchen looks like, it has a bunch of containers full of potato products next to each other.  I was just asking them to scoop the potato from the container next to it, not rework the main part of the dish.  If no substitutions are allowed, you should put that on your  menu.So, instead of the mix grill, I ordered the Chicken and Waffles.  One friend ordered their signature dish, the Fried Chicken Benedict, and another also got the Chicken and Waffles to split with his wife.  Then we were told that there is a $2.50 extra plate charge, unless we wanted to order another side for a few bucks, which just so happens to come with an extra plate.  Which would be fine, except they don't have this policy listed anywhere on the menu.  So we wait and she plops some biscuits on the table, which were pretty good, but still just biscuits.  Then our main dishes arrive.Disgusting is the only word I can use to describe this meal.  Everything is coated in syrup, but not enough to taste any syrup, just enough to make everything sticky and they don't give you more syrup so you can add more if you wish.  The breading on the chicken is thick and completely flavourless (it took me quite a while to find even a hint of sage in the breading).  The waffles were alright, but tasted like they come from a box mix.  The worst part is not a single one of us got a dish that had any seasoning.  Out of three dishes and a side, not a single one had a speck of salt or pepper on it that we did not add ourselves with the shakers.  Not the chicken, not the potatoes, not the egg on the benedict.  Food NEEDS seasoning.  To completely leave it out of everything you make is an insult not only to your customers but the food itself.Word of advice, save your money and go to any one of the other, cheaper, breakfast places.  You'll be much happier.
3	I was excited to try this resturant after seeing it on man vs food and the rave reviews it received from some friends. Yes the portions are HUGE! But the blu cheese burger I ordered was bland and Luke warm at best. Maybe I caught it at bad day. The wait sucked too.  However the watermelon lemonade I had was pretty darn good.
2	Ok...I was so excited to try this place, seeing that I'm a fan of Man v. Food...so when I went to Las Vegas for my brother's bachelor party, we had to stop in and give it a try.  So...upon arriving, the host said it would take about 35 min...but it took over an hour for them to seat us, even after asking him 4 times what was taking so long.  Not good.Finally we got to our seats, and I already knew what to order, since I did some research before going.  I ordered the Andy's Sage Chicken Benedict.  I think almost all of our group ordered it too.  The waiter even said that was his favorite thing, and that we all made a great choice.It took a long time for the food to arrive, but when it did, it looked amazing.  Almost like a piece of art.  We've all seen the pics.  The only problem is IT HAD NO FLAVOR!!!!!!  Everything tasted the same...the chicken tasted like the eggs, the biscuit tasted like the chipotle sauce...there was no flavor at all...I'm a big guy who loves his food, but I probably had 4 bites before I just gave up hoping that the next bite was going to make it all better...it just wasn't gonna happen.So...maybe I was just overhyping it in my own mind...or it just really wasn't that good...or maybe I just went on a bad day...but it really wasn't good...I wouldn't waste my time if I were you...
3	I'll admit it... we only came here because Adam Richman from Man vs. Food recommended it, and apparently everyone and their mama saw that episode and was there too.  We came for Saturday brunch and waited about 40 minutes for a table. They took our order, then forgot about us because the 2 tables that were seated next to us about 20 minutes later were served their food before us.  If it wasn't for that- this review would be 4 stars. At least the Andy's Sage Chicken Benedict made up for the wait- it is amazingly delicious.  The flavor combination is perfect. I am a big fan of eggs benedict and this is now my new favorite.  My husband, who is not a fan of eggs benedict, has now changed his ways.  We shared this dish (and it serves 2, maybe even 4) and the plate was spotless when were done. We also ordered the bacon waffles because everyone else on Yelp raved about it, and I was sadly disappointed.  The waffles were blah, and the bacon wasn't anything special. Overall, we are glad we went.  The Andy's Sage Chicken Benedict, alone, is worth the visit.
3	Big Portions, decent price, interesting decor, but....kinda bland, very long wait to be seated, and hard to get drinks.
3	huge portions...average food...go for the fun atmosphere, big portions, and huge fun menu...but don't come looking for great food. chicken ok..waffles ok...pancake ok..burrito ok....nothing extraordinary
4	Solid 4 just like the one in my hometown of san diego.Ordered the man vs food fried chicken concoction. Had to split it with the loves because it was so huge.This place is crowded just like the one in sd so expect to wait for a seat especially if rolling with bigger parties.
4	This place just makes me laugh - we had such a ridiculous time here.  The portions are so completely over-the-top, it's great fun and we definitely don't have anything like this up North.  Fried chicken.. with bacon waffles.. drenched with syrup.  I get the same look from everyone when I describe this to them.  It's a cross between absolute revulsion and incredulity - that I LIKED it?!  Yeah, we don't have fried chicken and waffles up here - that's a new combo.  But damn, it was good. It's I'm-on-vacation-and-what-happens-in-Vegas-stays-in-Vegas good.The green fried tomato is stacked up in a tower, layered with goat cheese.  I have no idea what this is supposed to taste like, but it was just like very firm warm tomatoes, with goat cheese & balsamic.  Not bad, but nothing exciting beyond its portion size.The crab cakes are more like crab patties.  They are burger sized, the biggest crab cakes I've ever seen.  Taste-wise, nothing to write home about, but not bad in the traditional sense either.  There were decent amounts of real crab meat in there, not just filler.The hammered pork tenderloin comes served in a plate that is the size of the table-width.  No joke.  It made for a great late night snack.I really enjoyed the complimentary biscuits - big, buff and buttered with honey.  Just the way I (now) like them.  I had to exercise considerable restrain in eating just one.  Arriving early enough on a Friday night at 6:30, we were able to get  a table right away.  The place was pretty packed by the time we left at 8:30.
4	Is the food good?  Yes, it is good!  However, the portion sizes are a bit extreme!  Nobody needs to have that much food placed in front of them for any meal!  Almost disgusting when you think about it.  We were on vacation so we had no way to save any of it so more than half of everyone's meals was wasted.  The prices are high, but then again, for the portion size, how can you complain?  I'd rather have a cheaper price and half of the amount of food to really enjoy it.  The kids portion would have been enough for an adult.
5	They got fresh squeezed tangerine juice for breakfast and the eggs benedict are huge!   And it's all worth the wait.    I would have never tried Sweet Basil Bistro,BigBear,Calif and Hash House A Go Go,Las Vegas, if it wasn't for my good friends Don & Sonia. Thanks you two I hope we have many more adventures and travels.
4	The wait sucks....so i recommend you go as early as possible.  Portions are HUGE.  No better place for breakfast and brunch than here.  Had the Andy Sage Fried Chicken Mahthingy, and the meatloaf and eggs.  Freakin sooooo goood.  Service is good considering how busy they are.  Food is fairly fast.  You will leave happy.Cant wait to go back this month.  Vegas baby....
5	Love this place!!! Everything in the menu is soooo huge! you can easily split into two people and still struggle to finish it! Yummy food!!! Can't go wrong in here!
1	So, I've eaten at this place off and on for years and in the past they have been good, even with the long waits:  engaging service and good food.  They get rave reviews and tons of publicity on TV, newspapers and weeklies.  I don't have a probelm with a place that tries hard and sucks.  What I do have is a problem with places who act entitled and that long waits for seating, ambivalent service, longer waits for food, and bland meals are ok, because HEY, we're on Man vs. Food.  We were picked best of Las Vegas.  Well, news flash.  You guys have gone down hill.  Your food has become Meh, your customer service (remember us?  your customers?  The reason you have a restaurant?)  sucks.  I went in on Sunday to take my mom and girlfriend to brunch.  We were told an hour wait.  No biggie.  We'll go elsewhere.  Went back Mon at noon with my girl and an old friend.  Our waiter could have given two craps, which is fine, it'll just reflect in the tip.  We then sat and sat and sat waiting on our food.  My girlfriend asked the waiter what the deal was and he lamely stated my pancake was the problem.  As in it took an hour to cook a pancake.  I asked him what the deal was and he meekly stated it will be out soon.  Awesome.  I got the hostess to get a manager who came out and although very nice told me he had a shortage in the kitchen and was doing all he could including helping prep the food himself.  I sympathize bud, but when you've made people wait 1 hour and 17 minutes (no lie ) for lunch, the least you can do is take drinks off the tab or apologize.  This place is now part of Vegas.  In the bad way.  It has picked up the pretentious attitude of so many counterparts and almost says, "hey you need us more than we need you."  I for one will resume going to the Original Pancake House and the ever awesome Bagel Cafe, who have not let success get to their head.  Oh, and I almost forgot about the food, you know why WE went there.  My girlfriend would rather have gone to Capriottis and my buddy In N Out.  Save yourself the wait and the attitude and hit up the Bagel instead.
2	Over 30 minutes to get food and the place was not busy while other people around us got there food within 10 minutes of ordering. Waffles were too dense and difficult to chew. Not impressed with service nor overpriced food items.
2	Ill make this quick and it sucks that I have to give such a bad review because the food here is very good.I come still after 4 years of the same thing, bad "we don't get it service".The hostess are the snobbiest girls ever and are ridiculous. They are rude and kind of single people out to sit first and they make up policy as they go.I came with my friend we both come a lot this is just one example (the most recent), so she put in the name and when it was time to sit the girl said no because I wasn't here, said you can't sit until your entire party is present, so this is a party of 1 versus a party of 2, it's the same table.  That rule is so that one person cannot reserve a huge table for like 7 people when other people are waiting it is irrelevant in this situation.My friend complained while I was on my way and they sat her, but why did that have to be so hard?I've had hostess answer the phone and refuse to take carry out but they take phone carry out orders regularly.  I've called to ask what time can I come in on Sunday before they close and they said by 2:30 and get there at 2:15 and they are at the door saying they aren't letting anyone else in, and I say I just called a half hour ago to ask, it doesn't make sense? The hostess make policy as they go.And the music sucks always.This place is 5 capable though.Funny thing is I told the manager again about the problem and she was sorry, didn't do anything but said they are aware that they have bad hostesses and continue to tell them to give better service but that they are hard to find, she actually said this.  I was shocked that there wasn't a solution apparent to her, but okay.  Hence my review.
4	I have wanted to try this place since seeing it on Man Vs. Food and was a little apprehensive about it's location.  But this is a surprising gem in what would otherwise be the oh so depressing Imperial Palace Casino (then again gambling anywhere at 9 in the morning seems depressing to me).The wait did take a little bit and for that I assumed it was only because they did not have enough servers but I cannot confirm that.  Like everyone said the portions are huge but my sister and I shared a hash and even got a side of the fried sage chicken which was awesome.   The coffee was very good and didn't require my usual amount of cream and sugar for taste.  I thoroughly enjoyed this meal.
4	Yummmmmmmmmmmyyyyy... all i have to say is COME EAT HERE
3	Sleepy and having to refule on the first day of my Las Vegas trip with Gal Pal Kim D. We came here right after we got off of our 6:30AM and 7:00AM flight from the Bay Area. First stop was Haah House A Go GO. It took me forever to pick something out. I went with the sage fried chicken and waffels. Kim D went with the Bisccots and Gritts.  When our odereds came out it was took up half of the table. I could not believe my eyes!  I could only take a few bites. I was eating the waffel and the inside are stuffed with bacon. Bacon!  It was a bit overwhelming with all of the food. This is a manly place!  Make sure you are supper hungry when you get there are the rest of you plate will got to waste.
4	I had the warshaw hash which was good bit not great. My friend had the fried chicken and it was the bet fried chicken taste I've ever tasted. And I'm not even exaggerating. It's a very unique taste and it's damn good
4	I wanted to write that the food is just as good as the amazing, unbelievable portion sizes.  Unfortunately I cannot write that.  I found my Hamburger, while good, to be less than stellar.  But the portion size was nearly mind bending.The other major potential disadvantage is the wait.  Since all the food is prepared fresh, don't expect to wait less than 30 minutes for it.  I witnessed one couple grow very unhappy with the waitress over this fact.At the very least I can recommend it because of how amazing the overall experience is. Where else can you find a four waffles separated by two chickens on a skewer? or a Pancake so large that it has to be rolled up to fit in the go box?
4	This restaurant is a lot of fun! It's known for it's ginormous portions, and it definitely delivers in that area. There was not enough room on our table for our orders. I have only had their breakfast, and I think it's fantastic. There were so many options on the menu, it took us quite some time to finally decide what to order! They also serve beer in a brown paper bag early in the morning, which is something only Vegas could get away with. I'm pretty sure that this will forever be a staple of my Vegas trips from now on. The only bad thing is that it didn't seem like they had a working a/c..so it was extremely stuffy, not to mention all the cigarette smoke from the casino was traveling up into the restaurant as well. There is a really long wait too, so you'll have to mentally prepare yourself to wait it out and practically suffocate before you are seated. I'd say that this restaurant is probably the best thing Imperial Palace has going for them.
4	Ok the food was creative and delicious.  The portions are out of control.  The Hash Hash slogan is "farm food with a twist".  I think they should consider changing it to 'obesetuality'.  Seriously the plates are about 22" in diameter.  Another reviewer mentioned sharing a meal.  I second that! My wife had the avacado burger. She asked for it without a bun - all that to say the beef patty was 8-9" wide!  My rib eye special ( came with a stuffed crab cake) was delicious and cooked to perfection as was her burger.  Great staff and a warm apmosphere.
4	While we were disappointed we trekked all the way out here ($15 cab from strip) and it wasn't a strip joint meets Amsterdam coffee house, the brunch was memorable.We ordered a fried chicken eggs benedict and a banana cinnamon french toast.  My friend had seen a Man vs. Food episode here so we were expecting the dishes to be on the large side.  We revised those portion estimates upward when we saw a flap jack the size of a small pizza go by our table.The fried chicken eggs benedict was massive and interesting to say the least.  They've taken a lot of liberties in calling this an eggs benedict.  The eggs are scrambled instead of poached.  The hollandaise sauce is replaced with a delicious chipotle cream sauce.  The English muffin is replaced with a massive (and fairly tasteless) biscuit.  The fried chicken (perhaps 2-3 pieces worth) under this heap of toppings was delicious.  Also loved the garlic potatoes and apple-smoked bacon that was in there.  The eggs were just so-so but at least they made it feel like brunch instead of some gluttonous hangover binge.The french toast was just so-so.  It's huge but size doesn't help when you order something that sweet.  I wouldn't recommend it.The wait on a Saturday morning was 45 minutes.  Pretty impressive (and annoying) given that it's not on the strip.Not sure I'd make the trek out here again but it was worth a one-time visit.
5	Loooooooooooove this restaurant.  The food was excellent, the portions were out of control. Biggest plates I had ever seen.  Aside from the good food, the staff was impressively friendly, interactive, and entertaining.  They were more than willing to change anything on the order to accomodate us, and any food allergy our table had.  Our order took a bit longer than expected, and although we never complained, the waitress told the manager that the wait was too long, and the manager came and talked to us and gave us a discount due to the wait.I'd go there again and again and again.  And I'd recommend it to anyone!
4	I have been twice to enjoy their food at Hash House and I must say the portions are AMAZING and the food is great as well! I have had the Chicken Pot Pie and the Sage Chicken Penne pasta. I enjoyed the pasta dish more than the pot pie, there was just something missing from the pot pie. My wife has had the meatloaf sandwich and a Ceasar salad and those were both great!
5	Always great food, huge portions, service a little slow. Great for a special brunch with friends
5	I wrote one on the location at Imperial Palace last week and this week I experienced this one....  overall, overly impressed with service, of course PORTION SIZE (i believe portion size should always be cap locked when speaking of HH) this place is awesome... super delicious and great service.... hit it up!!!!
4	Came here because I saw it on Man V. Food. Be warned, the place is packed, the wait is long and food portions are huge. I ordered the chicken fried steak benedict. Let's just say, I couldn't finish it. The chicken, mashed potatoes, egg, fried cheese, biscuit and chipotle sauce is an awesome mixture. It's just too damn big to finish. The other guys I came with ordered waffles and pancakes the size of my ass. These things were just huge.I tried what one of the other guys ordered.  It's their highly recommended chicken and waffles. The waffles come with bacon cooked inside! C'mon... how much better can it get! It's definitely yummy.
5	This is what I imagine they serve for breakfast in Heaven.
5	I love this place.  Pros:  Great food.  Huge, huge portions.  I have never gotten anything here that I haven't liked.  Their chicken and waffles and stuffed meatloaf are to die for.  Tasty, tasty biscuits served with honey before your dinner.  Also, they have a constantly changing specials menu.  Sometimes they have great soups and some great dishes.-Their breakfast is also great.  Again, huge portions.  They also have fresh jam, which I personally appreciate.  -Their dessert is also to die for (try the Snickers bread pudding, the impending diabetic coma will be worth it, I promise).  Cons:-Sometimes, the wait can be a little long.  Beware if you attempt to have breakfast on Sunday.  If you choose to do so, either arrive early or be prepared to wait.  -The service can be a bit inattentive sometimes due to the size of the restaurant.  Our servers have always been friendly, but it can sometimes be hard to get their attention.  I overlook this because the food is so damned good.If you are visiting, try it!  I always take my friends here that are visiting, and everyone has loved it so far.
5	I love how this place is so different. The food was very delicious and creative. no wonder it was on Food network. The wait sucks though. U should not come here on Sat or Sun.
4	I can not believe the size of these portions. My boyfriend and I shared the chicken and biscuits and there was more then enough food. It was good but the chicken was very dry. We will return to try some of the other menu items which all sound delicious.
4	Sometimes we try out places we've seen on TV and are disappointed.  We saw Hash House A Go Go on Man V. Food AND Rachel Ray's Vacations and were really pleased with the results when we stopped for a late breakfast.They actually have a "late breakfast" menu.  Eggs are only served scrambled for late breakfast, but that was fine with us.  They're served a little soft -- "custard style" I've heard it called before -- so if you want them firmer, you should probably order them that way.  But they're great as they serve 'em.Portions are just as huge as you've heard they are.  And the prices are so reasonable it doesn't matter if you don't eat it all and have no refrigerator in your hotel room.  You won't feel like you've spent tons of money on food you couldn't finish.  They charge a split charge ($2.50) and if you're eating with someone who wants the same thing, it's probably worth splitting it.We ordered a corned beef hash (served on halved potatoes with a biscuit the size of a large orange) and french toast combo (served with eggs, 2 pieces of bacon and a banana sliced in half and roasted, served in the skin), and both were great.  And the service was so friendly and quick!We went on an off day (Wednesday) and waited just five minutes, but I can imagine a longer wait during busier times.  Still, it's worth a wait and I'm sure we'll be back next time we're in Las Vegas!
3	I made reservations, so I didn't need to wait for a table, even though the place was busy. The service was perfunctory. The waiter appeared just three times: to take my order, bring the food, and bring the check. I had  the Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower. The chicken was moist with a crunchy coating. The waffles stuffed with bacon was a good idea, but weak on the execution - they were rather dry with no extra syrup on the side. I really liked the unusual  garnishes. Fresh lemonade was perfect - not too sweet.On a previous visit a year or so ago, I enjoyed the pork tenderloin sandwich. I remember the service being much better at that time.
5	Oh man, I was so pumped this Saturday when I called the hash house and the wait was only 25 minutes. Once we arrived there was a mob scene of about 30 people waiting outside and the wait was an hour. No biggie, I'm a patient person and I'll wait for food if it really good. Luckily, the wait went by fast so we got a table and ordered away. I went with their infamous chicken and waffles while my brother and dad went with the french toast and brown sugar banana flapjacks. It's safe to say we all Loved our food. The chicken and waffles were very different, a lot different then what I'm used to(Roscoes) but it was equally as delicious. The dish came with two giant pieces of juicy fried chicken and four waffles with bacon baked inside???The waffles were good, but when combined with the chicken it was perfect. I also really really liked the french toast. If you like bananas, I suggest that dish because it is amazing. The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that. Luckily I am a big eater so I was able to finish my dish and sample everyone else's to get the full experience. Now Hash House a GO GO will be a definite stop everytime I come to vegas.
5	Once again, Hash House A Go Go is a must! I hit Hash House A Go Go on Friday for lunch. I got there a bit before noon and only had a 15 minute wait for lunch. My previous two visits were about the hash so this visit had to be about the Chicken and Waffles. Wow, the plate, like all of their others, was huge! Two breasts with drummies and about two full waffles with the bacon cooked into the waffle. Making this to order took about 20+ minutes for it to get to the table and it was worth it. Gotta say the chicken was good, the waffle was good but as another review said - a little more syrup (okay, "Maple Syrup Reduction") would have made it a bit better. I ate about 2/3 of the plate and gave up. I was so full I did not need to eat for the rest of the day.This restaurant stays on my must-visit list for every time I go to Vegas.
4	Some of the best breakfast I've ever eaten great portions I wish we had one in California can't wait to get back to las Vegas
5	Wooooo, this place literally almost kicked my a**. Saw it on the hotel channel (702 something) & saw pancakes the size of rims & burgers as big as a basketball & I had to try this place. Went there on a Saturday AM for brunch I guess. 12:30 arrived and the place was packed. Bar was hopping with a ton of people getting blood mary's & mojitos. Friend got a bloody mary, it was huge & only 7 bucks. Wait was 30 minutes, but since we made the effort to venture off the strip we were committed. Looking @ the menu literally 80% of it caught my interest. I settled on the "crispy hand hammered pork tenderloin w/ market yellow tomato, spinach, barb'que cream and topped w/ scrambled eggs" copy & pasted straight from their website. But my goodness it was amazing and I was breathing heavy in between bites to finish the thing off.A must now for me & my buddies that can eat when we're in Vegas. Didn't know there was 1 in San Diego so looking forward to trying that 1 as well.
3	Hash House A Go Go...Famous cuz it was on Man vs Food.I've only gone to this location but apparently the original one is in San Diego and they recently opened one in Imperial Palace.Imperial Palace of all places!?!!?  GROSS!!!!If you are hungry this is the place to go.Portions are just HUMONGOUS, GIGANTIC, OUT OF THE ORDINARY!If you want to get a coronary after eating this is the place to go as well.Don't get me wrong though...The dishes are Damn good...But if you feel like eating what is normally an appetizer as a meal (The Crab Cake made dish)...ugh...I personally got the Sage Chicken Benedict....Now that was good stuff!  I got it with Egg Whites only...like that would really help me remove some fat and calories.Definitely a place to try but I think a bit expensive...
5	It was a good day at the Hash House for me and my hubs. For years I had been wanting to go to their location in San Diego but always decided against it because of the wait. So on a windy Friday morning in Vegas, we finally got our chance to visit the famous Hash House a Go Go. The wait? W/ no reservations it was only 10 min. at most. I had the sage chicken biscuit eggs chipotle sauce ensemble and it was phenomenal!! Decadent and Delicious. HUGE of course, but that worked out rather nicely when I ate my leftovers as a late lunch.  If you're a foodie like me this place is a MUST. Twisted Farm Food Ya'll!!
5	Portions were great!, environment was great, taste = bomb.com, and presentation was wonderful! 3 friends and I went here when we went on a trip to vegas. We seen man vs food and KNEW we had to try this. We did get the chicken fried eggs benedict and it was BOMB (well my boyfriend did and i totally ate off his plate). I got the hash with the mushrooms, artichoke, sun dried tomatoes (not really as great after i had a bite of my boyfriends food) but we will DEF go again when we visit vegas....love it!!!!
4	Went here with some friends for lunch on a Saturday after a long night of.. umm.. socializing? Yeah. So that's beside the point. Not only is the food very tasty, but the portions are absolutely huge! We had our leftovers for a late night snack and lunch the next day too, if I remember correctly!I usually try and keep my expectations down for places that get hyped a lot, but this place pretty much lived up to the hype. We got our food to go because the wait was a bit over an hour, and my pancake came in a flippin PIZZA BOX! And yes, it was that big. I ordered the apple cinnamon pancake and I was expecting a pancake that tasted like my favorite Cheerios as a kid (mind you, that's not a bad thing!). What I got was a cinnamon pancake with full on apple slices inside and on top of it. Needless to say, I wasn't expecting this (mostly due to my having no clue about how big the pancake was going to be). It had a great flavor (although it's hard to mess up a pancake), and the eggs weren't over-cooked and dry like so many places have them either.All in all a very good experience and I would go back if not for anything else but to get another pancake that only fits in a pizza box. Actually, on second thought, I'd try something else, but I'll be back none-the-less. In all honesty, I'm torn between 4 and 5 stars. I could give it 5 stars for being unique, but then I think that it would be just for hype and I don't feel that this restaurant is the best at what it does (breakfast/brunch/lunch). So go here for a unique experience, but not for the best food of your life (still not disappointing by any means either though).
5	Saw this restaurant reviewed on the Food Network and decided to give this place a shot when I was in Vegas.  I like how it is located away from the Vegas strip and separated from all the madness.  I came here for lunch on a Sunday.  There was a wait time of around 15-20 minutes, but well worth the wait.  I wanted to order everything off the menu because it all looked good on paper. I ordered the fried chicken served on top of bacon waffles, fried leeks to dress the dish, and maple syrup drizzled on top of this giant tower of goodness.  The tower of food was held together with a large steak knife stuck right in the middle of the piled up food.  I felt like I was pulling out the Excalibur sword from the stone when I took out that steak knife and was ready for action!  I demolished the dish with no mercy.  Was a fair fight, but I think the dish won because I was knocked out when I got back to my hotel room.The food was great.  Chicken was tender.  Perfect amount of seasoning.  Crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  The bacon waffles was good too.  Didn't know putting bacon in waffles would go so well together.  Also the watermelon lemonade is a refreshing drink.  The servers were very nice and friendly.  Lively atmosphere environment. Staff outfits were pretty cool too because they were dressed in team sports apparel. If you are in the Vegas neighborhood, Hash House A Go Go is an absolutely must visit destination for all food lovers.Bon Appetit!
2	We seen this place on Man vs. Food and we knew we had to try it while in Vegas.Andy's Sage Fried Chicken was what we had in mind so we ordered one to spilt and thank goodness we shared it because the portions are HUGE!!!  Even with the two of us sharing the plate, we couldn't finish it.  It was just waay to much but it was very good.The reason for the 2 stars was our server, he straight ignored us 3 times so for every time he ignored us I took off a star.  I was the first one who tried to call him over after we ordered 10 minutes ago and I was still waiting for my ice tea, I looked him dead in the eyes and waved him over and he turned around and walked into the back.  Then he repeated that twice with my boyfriend.  How f***ing rude!Good food, I would love to come back and try some more of the dishes but our server ruined our experience.
4	There's something to be said about creativity, and this place has it in huge thousand-gallon vats in the back. No joke; I've seen 'em. And yes, they do need that much because their portions are enough to give Kobayashi-San nightmares. Ok, maybe not that big, but if I have one tip for any of you out there that eat more conventional sized portions, it is this: SHARE. So, the fare is unique and served up in heaping helpings. What about quality? While I wasn't wowed by the taste, I won't turn my nose up at it. It definitely did not leave me wanting. The service was some of the best I've experienced.  Thanks Kelli B!I'll definitely be coming back next time I'm in the area.
4	Took my family here for my brother's birthday. I had somewhat high expectations, but I know from experience that I should always temper them. Fortunately, the place was as good as I hoped. I couldn't resist ordering the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. I've never had chicken and waffles before, so I wanted to know what the big deal is. Well, the chicken was absolutely amazing - juicy and tender. The waffles part of the equation was also good. It was an interesting dynamic to have bacon inside the waffles. I just wish I had more maple sauce (I suppose I should have asked).Other people at the table had different variations of a hash dish. From what I tried, those were also good. For me though, it's all about the chicken and waffles.
5	partying in vegas, woke up.... wait didnt wake up, hungover at 7am looking for a place to eat went on the internet and foudn this place, hash house a go go... took a 23$ cab ride from MGM and let me tell you... Hash house a gogo was the place to go.. had the Zepateca hash plate with not one but 2 tecates, the palte came just  as i needed it, lots of cheese full of grease with jalapeno peppers, some fresh fruit a HUGE biscuit and some potatoe wedges. For 12.95 well worth the cab ride here and back..definately will be back for more hangover recoveries.
2	Meh...big portions doesn't equal good food.  It was ok.  I would go back and try it once more, but I've had WAY better.I ordered the Meatloaf Hash...meatloaf with cheese and peppers and eggs and potatoes.  It was cold.  Nuff said.
3	Rickilane's thread has reminded me that I have in fact been back for breakfast and I'd say it's just "A-OK". It's not worth the wait. It doesn't live up the hype (ok portion sizes do!). Service blows, but overall the food is decent and if you're a quantity over quality type person this should be right up your alley (sadly I'm not!)Let's start with what they do right - the DRINKS! The coffee drinks. The mimosas, the bloody mary's, OMG. Divine. We had a sickenly sweet smores coffee drink with flipping marshmallows melted on the cup.. bonus points for creativity. I have yet to try a drink here that isn't scrumptious!!We ordered one of the egg platters. It was decent. Nothing memorable, but nothing wrong with it. The chicken and waffles is where this place goes incredibly downhill. For those that say the chicken is flavorful, I think you don't have tastebuds. The chicken is so bland, dry, and awful. The waffle was somehow also bad. I love bacon waffles, it's not like this place is the first place to have them (get them all the time at Original Pancake House), but the execution here was WAY off. The bacon wasn't small enough so you have major texture issues giong on. The waffle overall lacked that yummy sweetness you get from most waffles. It wasn't soft, it wasn't sweet, it basically tasted like dry white bread with huge pieces of extremely thick flavorless bacon in it. HUGE disappointment. We kept covering the plate with more and more syrup but there was no rescuing this pitiful excuse for chicken and waffles. My hubbie is from Georgia, I'm from TX. We eat chicken and waffles in the south all the time. We're familiar with how they should taste. Roscoe's in LA does an excellent freaking job. This my friends was the worst chicken and waffle execution I've ever encountered.. Crappy chicken and a crappy waffle?? WTF Hash House.
5	Hash House a Go Go was my first time venturing off the Strip to eat.  And when I arrived there I already knew what I was getting without even looking at the menu...Sage Fried Chicken Benedict!In the words of Man v. Food host Adam Richman, "Oh my goodness....OH...MY...GOODNESS!"Yeah, words cannot comprehend the sheer size of this thing and it was serious YUM! Sadly, in my battle with food, food won, or rather, starch won.  I somehow managed to kill off the chicken, bacon, eggs, and biscuits.  But those damn potatoes did me in!  I actually impressed my waiter for going that far into finishing it.I had a great first 'off the Strip' dining experience there and toss in a $10 coupon from http://restaurant.com and it made it even better!  It was totally worth the bus ride going there.4.5 stars from me!
1	Hash House A No Go!!!Giving this restaurant anything more than a two is insane!Had the fried chicken waffle thing. Fried chicken was juicy and crispy but it tasted like NOTHING. It was bizarre how it had no flavor. The bacon in the waffles is an interesting idea but the doughy, undercooked, flavorless waffles didn't seal the deal.The portion was HUGE but who cares if the food is garbage? It has been a long time since I felt this disgusting after eating. The rather large couple next to us were boxing their leftovers... LEFTOVERS... and it was still enough to feed someone for three days. Looked so gross.Also got the filet appetizer that is served on polenta with some sort of pesto on it. Again - FLAVORLESS... Unreal!Unlike some of other reviews, our service was pretty good. The waiter was friendly, our drinks well looked out for. The place is clean and looks nice on the inside. If I didn't have a restaurant.com coupon for it I would've been doubly pissed but as it were, even at half price I will never go there again. I don't even know if I'd go again if you paid me.
5	Serious amazing deliciousness going on at this place. I will never, ever again contemplate a buffet for breakfast. I tried the Sage Chicken, holy moly super yummy, yet I was also tempted by the ginormous brunch Quesadilla.  The look of sheer delight on each patron's face when their food arrived is enough to have me convinced that I must consume each and every menu item from HashHouseAGoGo before I die. I'm not kidding when I say that the plates were big enough to serve your Thanksgiving turkey on.  We still have a $10 off cert to use on weekdays and although I'm stuffed and beyond content, I'm already dreaming of that day.
5	The menu here is really unique... This is not an IHOP! The first time I went was for breakfast and I had the corned beef hash. It was pretty really good because it was "real" corned beef hash. (You will see what I mean.) There was so much of it that I had to take it home. It was a complete meal though because it also included eggs and fruit. I did not like the lemonade they served. It tasted gross, but oddly, I think it was supposed to taste that way...My most recent visit was for dinner. I had the sage chicken with the penne pasta. I did not like the pasta, but the chicken was pretty good. My boyfriend got the sage fried chicken and waffles. He thought it was amazing and so did I! As far as food presentation goes, they do that very well. The food (during breakfast) is served on these large, heavy skillets. Dinner is served on large (and I mean large) plates.I adore Hash House. They not only make food good, they make it fun. I love this "twisted" farm food.
4	I had brunch here after a night out on the strip because my friend had gone to one in SD and loved it. I have to say that it was everything I dreamed it might be. The portions are ridiculously large so come hungry. The food is original (waffles with bacon baked in? yum!) and cooked up perfectly. Service was fast and attentive, nothing to complain about there. It's the kind of breakfast that makes the world seem right again. If you're in Vegas you need to try this place.The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because it's SO hard to find. It might have been partly our fault since we decided to park in the Caesar's Palace parking lot...which is a completely different story...but the restaurant is inside the Imperial Palace casino so you have to find your way through the maze that is a Vegas casino in order to get there.
3	A friend recommended this place, wonder if I went to the right one? Since there are two of them no to far from each other. Since there were a lot of people waiting in line, and a half hour wait. I figured I was at the right one. I ordered the chicken and waffles, chicken was tender and juicy but no taste. Waffle was thick and with the slab of bacon cooked inside of the waffle I thought I was in for a treat. But I was wrong. everything was soft no crunch in the food. not much taste either. Daughter had here usual burger and fries, which she did enjoy. Wife had bacon and eggs, which she also enjoyed. We also ordered a snicker pancake, the girls really enjoyed it. But overall, very much overrated. Huge portions, but I just didn't think their food had a lot of taste?
3	Their dishes are HUGE, and I mean freakin' huge! Probably enough to feed half of your family! Try their Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade, it's to die for. Went their for breakfast and dinner and they didn't disappoint.
4	So it was my niece's b-Day this last week and i invited her, my sis and my other local niece to Caesar's for some swimming, then brunch followed by a visit to Popcorn Girl and Rocket Fizz. My sis was worried about the high winds at the pool might make her girls sick - not sure how exactly ; but the bottom line, first on the list is immediately checked off. I know my niece, Lizzie, Loves a good pancake or a good waffle - so ok, back to HHAGG ... please no wait...please good service ... please hot food ... well i'll be damned - 3 for 3 . Since we've seen a million reviews - i'll keep it short - the highlights: Bacon Waffles ( pic added ) - i kept staring at Lizzie's plate - 4 large waffles ... please don't eat them all - 1st went down fast , 2nd one almost as quick ...oh-oh ...3rd ...she's starting to slow down ...she's gotta be full after that huge hot chocolate with all those marshmallow's ...whew ...she's done . But wait, my sis had her eyes on them too ( she had a so-so stuffed burger, i had a so-so hash special - but the biscuit was awesome ! ) we agree to share the last of the bacon waffles - fluffy, nice pieces of bacon in the mix, some whipped butter and syrup - exceptional !! Highlight #2 - Hamms Beer ( pic added ) - with my special i saw at the bottom of the description - add a Hamm's beer for $1.25 - really ? Hamm's, my beloved college beer of choice ?!? Oh yeah - i'll take that ! Overall, decent service, got seated quickly, and the food - above average - when they say twisted farm food, for me , this place gets me twisted - it's really getting to be a love-hate relationship, today, it was love.
4	Came in on a Sunday for brunch and the wait was about 30 minutes. The place was pretty packed. I'm assuming that both locals and tourists frequent here. It's a nice drive off the strip.$5 for a kiwi watermelon lemonade. Pricey but it was well worth it. You get a nice wedge of watermelon with it. Perfect if you're a little parched from the previous crazy night.Warning! The portions here are massive. It's funny because when I first got seated, I walked by this huge table that were waiting for their tab. Two things I noticed was that everyone had a togo box in front of them. Second, everyone looked like they were sitting in that post-food coma stage mode (waiting to knock the f out!).I had the fried chicken and waffles of course. I barely put a dent in this plate. Had to box up at least half of it. I don't know if it beats Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles but the amount of food sure was over whelming. Actually, everyone on my table did not finish their food, not even close. I felt like we were wasting so much food and that some poor kid in Mogadishu could've been feasting on our leftovers.Unless you can chow down like no other, you might want to share a plate with someone rather than all order something individually. BTW, the flapjacks here are a size of an oldskool 99' Acura Integra GS-R stock rim.It's a little pricey but you do get a lot. I say, try it out one time so you can at least say you have dined at this infamous spot. It doesn't seem like a diet friendly joint.
3	The food was good, nothing too surprising. Portions are big, worth the money.
4	Had brunch last Monday.  Had the Kokomo scramble special.  When asked what kind of potato I wanted with it, I asked Monica, our very nice server, which she would recommend.  She suggested the mashed potatoes, as a forkful of eggs and potatoes together is delicious.  She was right!  Wife had one of big stuffed burgers.  Not as good as the scramble.  The menu said they cook the patties medium to medium well.  Ours were pretty well-cooked, almost dry.  And huge, so a lot of chewing was required.  Inside stuffing of avocado, peppers, and some other stuff was good.  But just huge.
1	Rewriting this, since someone asked me why I didn't like it. We went for my friend's birthday because he claims he's enjoyed this place before.First off, I can't understand how this place has high ratings at all. The food is shitty, and the service is horrendous. When we walked in, the first place we were seated was right near the entrance where people can walk past you on two sides. I politely told the hostess that the table was unacceptable, and that we wanted to sit in a booth. She tries moving us two tables over so that we're right next to the busing station, and all the servers would be walking past us and guests on their way to the toilet. Apparently "please seat us in a booth, we don't want people walking behind us while we're eating" is something that's not understandable. We had to then wait 10 minutes for them to clean an empty booth.We sat down and hadn't even had a chance to look at the menus, when our obnoxious waiter came up and asked if we were ready to order. We told him we'd like some time to look at the menu, and would let him know when we were ready. Less than two minutes passed, and he returned and asked again for our order. We had to repeat this three times.We were served cold biscuits with honey and butter. The biscuits were not light and fluffy, nor were they very tasty. We also had an ant in our bowl, which we found after we had been eating. When we told a passing server about it, she responded with "Did you find it before or after you ate the biscuits?" ... What? We found a LIVE INSECT IN OUR FOOD. What does it matter if it was "before or after"? Everyone's plates came on obnoxiously sized serving dishes. My husband and I had ordered a kokomo sandwich, which came on dry assed texas toast, despite being called "milk bread". There were no sauces or anything to add flavor to it. The meatloaf, while tasty, is nothing I couldn't make better at home, and the sandwich was definitely NOT worth $13. My mashed potatoes came with, what looked like a sheet of cheese colored plastic on top of them. I couldn't even puncture it with a fork... The bacon was kinda glued to the cheese as well. My sandwich also came with a steak knife jammed into the middle of it, and a tree of rosemary. Not good presentation at all.I ordered an arnold palmer to drink. I told a passing waitress (the ant woman) that it tasted off and was watered down. I honestly think the fresh brewed tea they had, was just a cup of water that had sat next to a teabag at some point. Very poor quality.Our original server had gone from being hovering to neglectful. We didn't see him until after it was time to drop the check. We had told him at least four times that it was our friend's birthday, without any acknowledgment at all. Finally I said "What kind of restaurant is this? Even fancy restaurants in vegas offer to do something for a guest's birthday.". He told me that HHAGG doesn't, and offered to "bring us a dessert" but assured us that it would not be complimentary. We decided to just cut our losses and leave. I will not ever return to this horrible restaurant. Seriously. Train your damned chefs. Teach them how to make proper food, and not just slop whatever they think is edible on a plate. Train your waitstaff and teach them to walk the fine line between being a hovering nuisance and neglectful... And do something for your damned guest's birthdays.Oh, and hire some damned pest control, please.
5	Every time I am in Vegas, I hit the Hash House.  All the reviews you read about how good the food is are absolutely true.  Not only is the food excellent, but HHAGG is tops in service.  Water and coffee are refilled before they are empty, and the food is delivered quickly and HOT! Be forewarned, the servings are gigantic.  Also, they twitter, so check them out!
4	BIG, FAT FOOD. I couldn't wait to try it. It was tough trying to decide on what to order for breakfast since I don't eat pancakes or pork, but I found a veggie breakfast hash. It was a delicious combination of artichoke hearts, spinach, sun-dried tomatoes, and mushrooms sitting on a mountain of country (fried) potatoes with a side of eggs and a biscuit. Damn that's alotta food! The best though, was their homemade strawberry jam. OMG, I would have stuck the container in my purse if I thought I could get away with it. Delicious!
1	on 6/2/2010 I went to hash house a go go . i go their quite offten and i guess i never notice do to the large amount of drinking the night before . This place has great food and service isnt bad . but they want to give you a small water not a large one .  because they expect the staff to refill all the time now anybody in the f and b knows you cant keep small glasses full when people are thursty. The MOST IMPORTTANT THING I WOULD LIKE TO MENTION IS THAT EVERY PLATE ON ARE TABLE WAS BROKEN AND CRACKS CHIPS SHOULD NEVER BEEN ON A PLATE I WOULD NEVER TAKE MY KIDS THEIR AGAIN DO TO THE LACK OF CONSURN FOR GUEST SAFTY .  side note i told the manager that the first plate i got was broken I dont know if he was being a smart ass by sending my food right after i talked to him about it . SO IF GOING TPO HASH HOUSE A GO GO BRING GLOVES JUST IN CASE
5	Yay for breakfast!!! The menu was loaded with tons of breakfast choices. What should you order?! Definitely go with the chicken and waffles. The chicken is moist and crispy and  what about the waffles??? Well, the waffles have bacon in them!  Another plus on the menu, was the breakfast sausage. I love savory breakfasts and definitely recommend getting that.  The plates are huge so come with empty stomachs. We ordered 3 dishes for 4 people and ended up taking a lot of food to go. I would definitely recommend sharing plates. I don't know how people gave low ratings on food and customer service. Our waitress was awesome and the food was definitely great. FYI: There may be a long wait.
4	I had never heard of this place until this past weekend. I went with a group of friends after a very fun weekend in Vegas. Customer service was pretty good, but not the best. Okay so I order something that was a Man vs Food favorite. This meal was so huge.... no pun intended. The food was very flavorful. There was SO much food that I had to bring food back home.Only issue I had was how long the wait for the food was but I guess I was just irritated because had to sit in triple digit heat.
5	I love Hash House and so does my whole family!The food is special and different and yummy!  My first meal I ever had there was a lunch and I ordered the albacore tuna sandwich which was really more like a salad.  It was an incredible salad though!The only thing I would say for someone trying it out is to stay away from the burgers.  They're HUGE and not that tasty.  My son loved the child's burger, but the adult burgers were a big disappointment.  (not nearly as good as IN n Out).Everything else I've had there has been AWESOME!!!
5	Who's house? HASH HOUSE! I have not had as satisfying a breakfast as the one I had here in a long, long time. You can't get a breakfast experience like this in LA, period. Ginormous portions, doting service, and a price tag that doesn't leave you wondering why you didn't just make eggs for yourself. Hash House eats places like Square One Diner for snackies. The fried chicken dish here is BETTER than Bouchon's. There I said it! *dodges tomatoes* It has obviously been brined and dredged twice for a super crispy  crust and  moist and juicy interior. It's stacked on top of 3 waffles that are stuffed with bacon. I love that they drive a knife and stick of rosemary right through this tower of power... it says screw daintiness, I am some SERIOUS breakfast up in your grill. And the maple reduction and caramelized leeks on the side added more complexity of flavor that made this dish a journey for the taste buds. The single flapjack was like the size of my entire torso. Jam packed with blueberries and bits of pecan and more than enough to share for 4. Also for good measure, I ordered a classic breakfast plate - 2 eggs over easy, toast, fruit, and potatoes. Thought I was disappointed by the size of the 2 eggs, this can be overlooked by the awesome crispiness of the potatoes. We also got a scrambled egg dish (with lox, brie, and green onion) that I did not like at all... but I tend to hate everyone else's scrambled eggs besides my mumsies'. Great value and wonderful flavor in a relaxed environment.
5	Best and Biggest Breakfast I've Ever Had! This is definitely THE breakfast place to visit when you are in Vegas...The portions are HUGE so go in with a big appetite ....Everything looked great, but I would recommend the MAN vs. FOOD Favorite = Andy's sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs! the best part is...it is all layered on top of eachother...yumm! Great Mimosas too!
4	This place is solid. The portions are perfect for feeding your malnourished, hungover, Vegas beaten body. I have been here a couple of times and I can honestly say that every meal has been good and BIG. The only reason that it gets 4 stars is because the IP parking structure sucks and the overall atmosphere of the casino stinks. Besides those 2 things, the restaurant is excellent for filling my belly.
5	O.M.G. the portions in this place are huge!! And if they run out of room on the sides they go upward. I've heard so much about this place from T.V. and family. And it really lives up to it's name. Even the drinks are amazing. The watermelon kiwi lemonade (just the name alone makes my mouth water) was so good I had to have two of them. The food is not only huge it's actually good. I had the sage fried chicken and waffles and could only eat half. The table where we sat I could see all the dishes that came from the kitchen and they all looked and smelled so good. My next trip to Vegas I will definately be headin back and bringin the whole clan with me.
4	OH MY GOODNESS! OH MY GOODNESS!Just like on Man vs. Food, that was my reaction once I saw/tasted my order of Andy's Sage Fried Chicken. The portions are just insanely huge, and could even be intimidating for some people. It has a biscuit, eggs, cheese, chicken, all topped with their hollandaise sauce. Overall it was pretty good, though the chicken was a bit dry. I failed in finishing my order but according to our server, he's only seen one person finish the whole order in one sitting.I actually thought the staff was pretty friendly. Our server was fairly quick and wasn't being a douche. He was helpful in answering our questions and whatnot. Overall, I think I would've enjoyed this place even more after a long night of drinking, but I still enjoyed it nonetheless.p.s.: They serve beer in a paper bag. How cool is that?!?!?
4	What can you say about a place that has 388 reviews. I love it, I hate it, the food is big, the beer is served in a bag, etc. etc.But the food is good. I had the HH Original. It comes out of the kitchen looking like a Michael Phelps breakfast (complete with joint). The gravy is mixed with a roasted pepper cream sauce and it makes the whole thing taste like tomato soup. The hardest part is getting started (it's literally a tower of food) and knowing when to stop.One thing I didn't expect, the coffee is real good. Dark and bold, like a Folgers commercial.I was there on a Tuesday at 12:30p and it was packed. Lucky for me, I dine alone and was able to belly-up to the bar.
3	Some people will be upset with this review, but when we are asked to write a review, Yelp wants us to be honest right? Finally tried out Hash House a go go for lunch yesterday. Had read great reviews and many a celebrity have endorsed it. The interior is great and the service is pretty good too. That is why I gave Hash 3 stars, but the food did not appeal that much to me and I consider it forgetable.I tried the mushroom and goat cheese sandwich and have no complaints about my dish, The potatoes au gratin looked very cheesy, but tasted good as the cheese wasn't not all overpowering as I had expected. My wife tried the chicken and waffles and we both agreed: nothing special! The all white meat chicken and waffles were both too dry and bland and we prefer Roscoe's for sure.  For the average 'white' person, this food probably tastes great, the presentation looked above par, but for those among us who consider themselves foodies, the wide gamut of Asian food offered in this city is soo much more appealing. And finally their lunch prices are a little high at $38 for two. Again, this is just my honest opinion.
3	Huge huge huge portions. I had the mushroom swiss burger with fries. The burger was delicious and so were the super crispy fries. My hubby had the fried chicken with bacon waffles. Hubby was happy with his meal but it was just too big. Our server was incredibly nice and helpful. We came here for an early dinner and there was no wait. I know I shouldn't complain but after awhile your food isn't as appealing when it's such a big portion.
4	Busy yes , Pricey for breakfast , However there B and G with the Mash taters sooo good ...
2	Been eating at the San Diego location since they opened nearly 10 years ago. The Vegas location on Sahara, unfortunately doesn't live up to what made HH famous. The three times I've been at the Vegas location, I've had spotty service at best. The last time, our server neglected to bring out biscuits. Our Ahi was way overcooked, and the piece of fish was tiny. I suppose the best deal is at the bar between 5-7pm where any burger and a beer will run you $10. That said, if you have any interest in HH, take the extra 20 minute drive to their M Resort location, by far the best they have (and one of the best in the city).
4	Oh man...how do you describe this place that is pure heaven until you leave and it becomes hell (in a nice way).  The menu is out of this world and the presentation just blows your mind...it's the quantity that makes one miserable because you feel that you must clean your plate (and because you don't want to waste anything).  I grabbed the crispy salmon with BBQ drizzle on a bed or garlic mashed...it wad incredible.Good thing the entire table shared a single dessert of banana, peanut butter cheese cake!  Remnants would also end up in the trash bin once we left....LARGE portions!Come hungry and don't bother with selecting an appetizer.... By the time you finish one home-made biscuit and maybe half of your appetizer, there is no room for a main course....seriously.
5	**Sorry I'm posting my review late I went May 31st lol**First off...Geez I know mom said it's not polite to stare, but gosh I couldn't help look at everyone's food.I tried to eat the most "basic" breakfast they had but they brought out 4 HUGE waffles, eggs & bacon ugh, I felt like someone told me it was time to play Russian Roulette lol.If you do not have a big stomach like myself, feel free to share with others. The prices are great, service was cool & music was nice & loud.These meals can feed poverished families lol. For once a restaurant who wants to feed you & make you undo your belt and button on your pants & chow down like a fat pig lol. My boyfriend came for his bday and this made his day! We'll be back again; I can't wait until I can bring my mom; the family's bottomless pit lol.
4	When people write of the downfall of America, Hash House A Go Go must be included.  I say that because if we all go here, it will makes us fat, happy and complacent.  I ate there five days ago and I think Im still full.  Giant portions are but a small (Large?) measure of Hash's greatness.  Working under the moniker "Twisted Farm Food," Hash has the decor of an industrial style barn.  While being seated, you notice every table gawking at other tables in sheer awe of what is being delivered to other tables.  Imagine being at a Hospital nursery and all the babies are 25 lbs, and the fathers are just looking at each other and smiling.  That's whats going on here.  First thing I noticed was the prices...they're really cheap for the amount of food I saw coming out.  I dont think anything was more than $15.  The waitress explained that the restaurant makes everything from scratch and that there are no heat lamps meaning food can be brought out at different times.  Working under that guise, I contemplated what would I like to try in giant form and made of scratch that Ive probably never had before.  I settled on the Pounded Pork Tenderloin sandwich with crispy french fries.When my sandwich came out, I desperately asked my waitress for tactical help on how to eat it.  The sandwich was so large I had no idea where to begin.  She laughed no doubt having heard that 100's of times before.  I finally dove in and found the pork cutlet to be tender and tasty.  Not the absolute best I ever had, but for the price and the portions I felt it was more than acceptable.  The fries were excellent and actually crispy...rare is it when a restaurant advertises crispy these days and actually delivers a crispy product.  My party also really enjoyed their oversized sandwiches of various ilk.  As we descended into dreams of wearing elastic pants for our expanded waistlines, we became part of the peanut gallery looking at other peoples tables and what they had ordered.  The burgers are ginormous and the breakfasts really steal the show.  Pancakes the size of pizzas, hash brown servings that must be made of two full potatoes and toast truly of the "Texas" variety.  There are so many things I need to go back and try but these trips must be rationed for health's sake.Service was very friendly and accommodating and there was relatively little wait to be seated although I do know on weekends at brunch time you will wait awhile (I see it whenever I drive by).  Another great added benefit was that with my $13 sandwich I was able to get a full 3 meals out of it.  Three!!!   This restaurant truly embodies the ethos: "Only in America.....:
5	If you're going to Vegas on a budget, go to Hash House A Go Go and split a dish with a friend. The food portions are HUGE - I ordered a pancake and it was 14 inches in diameter and 1 inch thick. Also, it was delicious (blueberry and walnut!).I like to eat, so I also got the bacon, avacado, onion, & swiss scramble. The scramble was made out of, at least 3 or 4 eggs, and came with a large portion of potato chuncks & a huge (and heavy) biscuit.Note, I was unable to finish all the food I ordered. I think I probably could have eaten it for at least 2 other meals. Everything was tasty, and I love food in big portions; each waiter/waitress could only carry one plate as the plates are huge to accomodate the huge portions. Overall, it is just a fun, great experience to go here.
3	Seems like I should give this place another chance from reading everyone else's review.Ive visited here once and opted for the Chicken and Waffles but it didnt meet my expectations compared to the Original Chicken and Waffles we all know at Roscoe's.It was good, but too much show and not enough go. Ive got to wrap my head around the fusion part because I kept asking myself it is fused with Art? Because I sure didnt care for how cool they stacked up the chicken when I was just gonna tear this sh*t down anyway.Maybe it was just the Chicken and Waffles. 3 stars on the Chicken and Waffles, get something else...
4	Great foods.  A bit pricey.
5	A new all time favorite. Too bad it's 300 miles from where I live.
3	I went to this place during a weekend trip to Vegas and after watching that Las Vegas special of Man Vs. Food, where Adam ordered the Fried Chicken Benedict.  And exactly like what I saw on TV, the portions were huge!!!  The place does not have "portion control" in their vocabulary! Everything was the size of my head or possibly larger!  Hash House A Go Go serves a lot of breakfast and comfort foods that can definitely satisfy a big appetite.  In fact, I tend to eat huge portions and had met my match that day.  I ordered the Meatloaf Hash, while my bf attempted the Fried Chicken Benedict that Adam had taken on.  It was good and very satisfying on the tummy, but after eating 1/3-1/2 into our dishes, we were couldn't eat anymore!  I highly recommend sharing food with a friend because me and my bf were left with about a pound or two of leftovers.
4	Good food in LARGE portions. Just happened to pass by while in Vegas with my wife. She mentioned it looked like a good choice for breakfast the next day. Man was she right. I had the corned beef hash. It was first rate. Tasty and not fatty. The biscuits were huge and the strawberry jam fantastic. My wife had the sage chicken and I couldn't complain about the taste of it I got, nor could she. When I go back to LV I'll go back to the Hash House A Go Go
4	I won't go into detail, as this place has been documented in the prior 400 reviews.  I had one of the breakfast hashes.  Very good flavor, nice fresh tasting ingredients, and helpful servers.  If you have access to a car and want to take a side trip off the strip, definitely stop by.
4	Great place. Huge portions and very interesting food! Saw this on Man v. Food so I knew that I had to try it. What I got I didn't really like but what everybody else was eating looked amazing!
4	Well, well, well. I haven't reviewed dear old Hash House yet. I can't believe it. Well, here's a quickie of what I've got to say:-Great biscuits-FANTASTIC burgers-Nummy meatloaf sandwich-Cobb salad, uhm...not so much.I was so disappointed. It was a HUGE salad, with mostly pale-greens. Oh well, you win some you lose some.I can't wait to go back though!! Gotta try some breakfast items ;).
1	Enormous Portions!!!!!!!!!!!The reason for giving one star is simple, i felt guilty eating here because i thought of all the waste this restaurant produces and it made me sad. Enough food in one dish to feed three people. It really is terrible how much food is thrown away. For this reason alone i will not support a business that wastes as much as this one. On the other hand the food was delicious, and our waiter was great.
5	Yum yum! Huge beautiful portions and good service.  We went here to end my sister's bachelorette party.  We waited about 45 minutes on Sunday for a party of 14 which was well worth the wait.  It is also about 20 minutes from the strip but more than worth the side trip. My sister got griddled french toast with bananas and pecans, delicious! And I got a snickers pancake that was the size of a large platter! it was yummy though and I only ate half.  The potatoes are crunchy and good too.  Everyone loved their food and agreed they would be back. Randy was our server and sweet!
5	After hearing about this restaurant on Facebook, and looking at the large portions, I decided to give this place a try...and I am glad that I did!!The location does not serve it justice since it is outside of the hustle and bustle of the strip; but it was great overall. The Peach Italian soda was to die for and I was savoring every drop. Hash House's decor was industrial, but quaint at the same time. The portions are huge!! I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Hardwood Smoked Bacon Waffles, and its not the plain meal you may expect. Three pieces of juicy chicken breasts sitting on top of two Bacon Belgian waffles. All of it is anchored with a steak knife and drizzled with a spicy maple syrup. It was too much for me, but it was delicious overall. The only turnoff where the green onions on top, but they can easily be taken off. If you are in Las Vegas, you have to come there!! Its the first pit stop to make when you are hungry!!!
4	I have mixed feelings about this place. On one side - nice interior, friendly staff.On the other side... it was the first and the last time I went here by myself. I ordered breakfast roasted chicken has and it was giant... enough for 2 (hungry) people. This place probably produces more food waste than a casino buffet :)
2	man do you get a ridiculous portion of food at hash house a go go. as if our portions aren't already huge in the us. haha i had ordered one pancake because i was feeling like breakfast. the server came with about an 18' in diameter hot cake and i was instantly full.  i knew before hand that hash house is known for their generous portions, but they sure did exceed my expectations. this place is great for large groups of people who like to do the family style thing, for anyone with a large appetite, or someone looking to have a weeks worth of left overs. the prices are super affordable for the large portion sizes.i don't see myself coming back anytime soon or recommending this place, only because i wasted 80% of my hot cake, don't believe in HUGE portions being healthy in any way, and over all the quality of food isn't 'all that'.aside from the food, the service was great!
2	Come here if you prefer quantity over quality and style over substance.Bonus star for Bjork autographed menu on display.
3	Get away from the strip and hit up this spot for breakfast. This place is better than 99% of the buffets for breakfast on or near the strip and you'll get just as full, I promise. I had the chicken and waffles and the chicken was good, but dried out a little as it took me forever to get anywhere with these portions, and the waffles were very nice and had entire strips of bacon ironed into them. My friends all enjoyed their orders as well. The staff was friendly and the place was packed.Not the bomb diggity, but it hit the spot after a night of heavy partying.
5	Delicious, off the wall breakfasts in HUGE portions, make this a place to check out.To give you an idea of what I mean by "off the wall", how about a 24oz. can of Budweiser served in a brown paper bag? Yep, it's on the menu. The Bloody Mary's are huge & tasty.Just a fun place to take people for breakfast. But be ready to wait, this place is ALWAYS poppin'!
1	Don't be a victim of Yelp and TV Hype.  This is a MASS QUANTITIES establishment, with no flavor, and questionable quality.  Front staff good, kitchen staff bad.  I ordered the "famous" chicken and waffles.  Good grief, man.  The chicken (boneless breast) was dry and flavorless = cotton.  The waffle was far too dense, and tasted like cardboard.  I'm serious.  If you like Roscoe's, please heed my advice.  Wait staff was good, and apologetic when our food took over 30 minutes to get to us.  This was on a Sat. morning.  People that were seated after us were even done eating before we started.  Booooo.
4	I had dinner here this past week. Be prepared for jaw-dropping plate arrangements, and gigantic portion sizes! I uploaded a few pics on FB and got many positive comments on the plating alone! I had my usual: chicken and waffles. It was definitely not your "Roscoe's" variety, but very tasty. Hickory smoked bacon was baked right into waffle, with breaded chicken piled high, stabbed with a steak knife to hold the mountain together,  topped and their signature rosemary leaf. My husband had the chicken pot-pie; talk about another awe-inspired creation on a plate. It tasted as good as it looked! My brother had their burger. He ate about 1/2 of it, before giving up - it was gigantic! We all took leftovers home and had them for dinner the next night! And for you bargain hunters, save yourself $25 with a restaurant.com coupon ($25 off of $50 meal) For more info - check out Travel Channel's 'Man v Food" (aired 8/12/09) that features the restaurant.
5	Thank you Adam Richman and Guy Fiere for featuring this gem on your show so out of town foodies - like me - know where to go for some fabulous grub! This was one of a few restaurants that I would see featured on food shows and bookmark on Yelp to try whenever I'm in the area. I wish I heeded fellow yelpers advice about the ginormous portions at Hash House. My bf and I were hungry so we decided to get the sage infused chicken & waffles AND the hot granola with fruit to share. Our jaws dropped at the enormity of the dishes when it came to the table. It was enough to fees 2 more people.The sage infused chicken and waffles was amazing. The chicken is so crisp, light and tasty. The waffles were a plenty and had strips of bacon baked inside them. My fave part of the dish was the deep fried green onion shavings. Ingenious touch - complimenting taste and excellent texture. My only (minor) issue with the dish is that I prefer my waffles a darker golden brown and crispy but it was still damn good.The hot granola with fruit was nothing close to what I had expected. I ordered it thinking it would be a nice healthy compliment to the chicken and waffle dish but i was wrong. I can best describe it as sweet, gooey goodness with berries and sliced peaches mixed into it. It was also topped with big sliced of bananas, strawberries, watermelon, etc. It was really good but so bad for you. I felt like eating the whole bowl would give me enough energy to run a full marathon. I LOVED it but it's definitely something that needs to be shared with 2-3 people. I'm definitely coming back here the next time I'm in the Vegas area. There were other items on the menu that I'd love to try.
4	Warning: If you can't handle the portions, go to Jenny Craig A Go Go.Hash House is the place for people who just can't seem to get enough for breakfast, lunch, or any meal for that matter.  Monstrous portions is the name of the game.  The watermelon-kiwi drink seems to be the most popular, but I prefer the iced coffee drinks.  Prices at this joint are a little steep, but the portions more than make up for that!You might want to try to come earlier in the morning, as to beat the mid morning crowd that seems to fill the lobby with an endless line for tables.  If you're not in the mood to pig out, bring a friend and split the plate.  All in all, you can't really go wrong at this place.  I'll be coming back for more.
4	Vegas gets a lot of international visitors, many of whom are in the U.S. for the first time.  So as a public service, let me explain a vital aspect of American culture: we like things to be big (note the casino-resorts on the Strip, the Grand Canyon and monster trucks).This goes for food as well--we want it tasty and in massive portions (if it tastes great on the first bite, it'll be excellent on the 2,456th bite).  So, foreign tourists, if you haven't fed at the American food trough, you should, but make sure it's a tasty place.  Enter Hash House A Go Go ("HHAGG").  The pancakes come bigger than your head (and in a stack of three).  Prefer eggs?  The omelettes coming out of the kitchen are the size of a chicken.  And, unlike the generic buffets being offered at the casino-resorts, the food at HHAGG has flair.  The plating is creative and the food is simple, but imaginative--picture the classic steak and eggs just back from a European vacation and testing out French fashion on American soil.   So why only four stars?  Well, for all the food's glitz and gigantic size, the taste is relatively straightforward.  HHAGG advertises that it serves "farm food" and while they do a good job with the classic tastes, there just isn't anything unique or amazing.  That said, after a rough night on the town, there are few dishes that satisfy as well as the O'Hare of the Dog (24 oz beer in a paper bag and 7 strips of bacon).  Final take: the food is solid and the place offers a great experience.  One of the better breakfast places in Vegas.
5	Huge Portions.  Nobody can finish it.  I had the Chicken Waffles.  Take a close look at the photos.  Look for the plate with chicken on waffles with a steak knife protruding out the top.  That steak knife is huge. There are 4 waffles that are about 3" x 3" x 1" and I'm guessing conservatively.  Two fried chicken breasts on top.  Deep fried Leeks on top of that.  A maple reduction sauce on the waffles and plate for presentation.  I only ate 1 piece of chicken and 1.3 waffles.  I couldn't finish half of this.  The chicken has a sage batter and is juicy.  They must low temp fry this because the batter isn't burned and the chicken is cook perfectly.  They leave the wing drumstick attached for presentation of a bone in the chicken.  A good presentation trick.  The waffles have slices of grilled bacon in the middle.  Full slices. Not pieces.  The bacon sticks out of the side of a waffle.  The fried leeks with the sage in the batter and the maple sauce just is all kinds of flavors going on in the mouth.  Don't go to Roscoe's.  For the same price, Hash House puts Roscoe's to shame.
2	I had the chicken and biscuit with eggs. The chicken was dry, service was without a smile and the prices were high.  You basically pay for large portions without a lot flavor. I also felt guilty eating here because of the all that waste this restaurant produces.
4	Kickin Hash, Towering Dishes, and good service.  Get there before 10 on Sundays!I've actually been avoiding this place just because I am not a fan of the places that sell the large portion gimmic (Claim Jumper, Big Salad, Macho Sized Fries).  If you know me you're probably saying to yourself "Are you kidding me, your the Big Daddy of going big with food".  If I'm cooking I go big because I want left overs, If I'm paying for it I'd like to feel satisfied without gorging myself.But this place gets it, I couldn't imagine you doing a Fried Chicken Hash with a wing and tenderloin, it wouldn't work.  I love how there were layers to my breakfast and everything worked together, there wasn't something out of place.  I love the presentation, shows the commitment to quality.For an off strip location this place just became one of my favorite breakfast spots, can't wait to try it for dinner--Chix and Waffles I hear you calling my name...
4	Hubby took me here for my mother's brunch (and yes im just NOW making a review) ...the wait was an hour just to be called...and then it was another hour for our food. Hubby had been there before with a buddy and said the wait wasn't as bad when they were there...However, it was worth the wait. The portions were huuuuge and oh so yummie! You definitely get your money's worth. The hardest part was trying to decide which delicious menu item i was going to order. We'll definitely go back there!
4	I was in Vegas over the July 4th holiday and my boyfriend really wanted to try this place out after seeing it on the Travel Channel (He LOVES that channel haha) He wanted to try the fried chicken eggs Benedict concoction that they had. They had really big portions and he couldn't even finish the whole thing. I will attach a picture to show the size of this monstrous thing. I ordered the burger but with one patty, since I hate wasting meat, with the bacon and mash potatoes. I didn't even attempt to eat the thing by hand so I simply cut it up with a knife and ate it with a fork. It's a $20 taxi cab ride from the strip and the decor is great. Service was awesome also.
4	Definitely a yummy and unique experience. Ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles plate to share with my wife. Two plump, juicy, flavorful chicken breast fried golden brown were served over 4 Belgian waffles and topped with fried leeks with a maple reduction and spicy chili oil with diced bell peppers. Simply amazing. All of the flavors worked really well together and the portion was more than enough for 2 adults (we could have actually shared the waffles with our 3 year old. We got him a kids lil tractor breakfast: One giant pancake, scrambled eggs, and a slice of bacon. He ate 1/2 of the pancake and the bacon. So the only thing that we didn't love was the price. They kind of gauge you on the drinks and the kids meal prices -- which aren't exactly comparable to  other restaurants. I totally understand, "you get what you pay for," and don't get me wrong, the food was great. But a $40+ bill after tip for one adult meal, one kid meal, and 2 coffees is kind of a bit much. It cheapened the experience. Oh, and even though it doesn't state it on the menu, the waitress said there was a $3 split charge. She  tells us if we order something else that they can count it as a meal and waive the split -- I know, it didn't make sense to me either. So we order a side of scrambled eggs al a carte -- which we didn't eat -- and never got the plate split. I kind of felt tricked into spending a whole $3 more. Again, 3 bucks not a big deal, but it cheapened the experience.
5	Liked eating at the one in Imperial Palace so much, I had to try this one.  The service was much better here and my food came out quickly.  I didn't like chicken and biscuits as much as I did fried chicken benedict, but still very good.  Actually biting into honey and biscuit this time, I found it rich and fluffy, the honey glazed over it at exactly the right amount.  Definitely at the top of my places to eat around town and take out guests.  Only trouble is the location of this one, all the heck up near Summerlin.
4	The more I got to HHAGG the More I love it.I mainly hit up the IP location now when I have friends in town, and my only major complaint is that the water is served in the smallest glass imaginable, everything else comes in a 20oz glass, but the water comes in an 8oz rocks glass (weak).I try to have something new each time-So far I've hadChicken and Waffles (Amazing)Pork Loin (OK)Meatloaf Sadnwich (Really Good)Bacon, Cheddar, and Mashed Potato Stuffed Burger (Really Good)As for Sides the Griddled Bacon and Cheddar Mashed Potatoes are amazing, the Mac and Cheese is a little bit of a disappointment.I would strongly recommend HHAGG, and they are opening a 3rd location in the M this October!!!
5	my girlfriends and i came here for brunch during a bachelorette weekend.  the wait for the 12 of us was about 45 minutes but the food was worth every minute!the dishes are ginormous so sharing is recommended, unless you can put away about two plates of food!  i ordered the french toast which was delicious.  my friend ordered the andy's sage chicken and it was so good.  the meat was very tender, juicy, and flavorful!  our server was great and often checked on us.  all in all, a must go-to when in vegas!
5	I seriously love this place.A recommendation from a friend and I am so glad I went there. From the eclectic decor to the ginormous plates of food. I love it all.Went with a party of 4, waited about 15 minutes for our table. The portions were huge! I got the burger stuffed with grilled red peppers and monterey jack cheese? Can't quite remember right now. The bread and the burger was glazed with a delicious sauce. I'm drooling over about it as I'm typing about it. I definitely recommend the stuffed burgers.No one else was able to even come close to finishing their plates, and I'm talking about full grown men who can eat a lot.
4	Very good food and service, long waits.
4	We decided to try out HHAGG from the small excerpt from the 702 show. The portions looked huge and appetizing. My guy ordered a 2 pattied burger that had roasted red peppers & mozzarella stuffed between with a side of fries. I on the other hand ordered the biscuits & gravy.  Though we were expecting the portions to be big it still took us by surprise when the food was brought out.  Each item was very tasty; I couldn't help but take a few bites here and there from the burger then go back tot he biscuits & gravy. ( I know I sound like a pig here) Needless to say I got full pretty fast.I was surprised that the check for the meals accompanied with the cocktails we had was cheaper compared to some of the other meals we had while in Vegas. I would definitely go back once I have the chance.
2	I've been here a number of times now, largely because my friend likes it so much, but this in not his review, it is mine.As mentioned by almost everyone else, Hash House has HUGE portions.  I can't say that this is pro in my book but at the same time it isn't con.  I've had some very good meals there which would be worthy of 4 stars, but I've also had more than a few 2 star meals and it isn't always consistent with each dish.A big part of why my friend likes it is likely because he orders the Cobb Salad every time, which is in fact very good.  For those who crave variety, the rest of the menu can be a real shot in the dark on quality and I've had some of almost everything.The inconsistency makes it tough to form an opinion on specific dishes, and were I allowed I'd give this a 3.5 star rating, but 4 seems too forgiving.Worth a try in my book, especially if you like Cobb Salads.
1	Probably the worst service I've ever has.  The food might be good, but we've already been seated for 45 min and haven't seen plate one.It took more than 15 minutes to get drinks and another 10 before we could order.  The waitress didn't know the kid's menu, so when we asked her a question about it, she said "ummm" and then guessed.  Our two year old finally got so hungry we asked for the "emergency snickers" that was advertised on the kids menu and was met by blank stairs from three different staff members.  One finally went to see if they could find one.  After 10 minutes I asked if we could just get some crackers or something.  They said they had none, but we could order fruit or a biscuit.As I am writing this, the manager came over.  When we complained she snickered and asked us if this was our first time here.  She claimed that the food is fresh, so that's why it is taking so long.Basically, food may be good, but if you never get it, what's the point.Also, the music was so loud, our twoyear old spent the entire time covering his ears!
3	There should have been a door to separate this modern-styled restaurant from the 1970's smoke-filled casino. Some of my appetite was lost due to cigarette stench. Service was spotty; we felt forgotten the first 10 minutes, then it picks up when we ordered and received food, then drops again when empty glasses stayed empty for 30 plus minutes.When food arrived, I was in a different world. I felt like Gulliver visiting Brobdingnag. I felt like I was at Paul Bunyan's favorite diner. Portions are gigantic! Just one order of each appetizer and main course feeds two.The Baby Back Ribs was slathered with BBQ sauce and tasted like it was slow-roasted the entire day. The delicate meat fell of the bone when disturbed. It's very lovely. Garlic Mashed Potatoes has a chunky texture and is garlicky, and that's not a bad thing. It's a shame, we didn't have stomachs like Bunyan to have room for dessert.Despite flawed first impressions, there was genuine satisfaction the hearty homemade culinary had delivered. And I would come back.
4	Was on another Vegas adventure and wanted to meet up with some friends for lunch.  They said, "Let's go to Hash House." Of course, I am not one to say no to a place I've never heard of, so we went. :] When we arrived during the lunch hours on that hot July Saturday, they said it would take up to 45 minutes for four people to be seated. RIDICULOUS! But, I was told it was worth the wait.  About a half hour later, we were seated and the menu was... insane.  I honestly had no idea what to select because everything sounded so...heavy.  I decided to go with one of their Saturday lunch specials - the Fisherman's Lunch.  It was a calamari steak sandwich and seafood sounded much lighter than double patties or chicken wrapped in eggs wrapped in only they know what!When the food arrived, I was in shock.  The servings are HUGEEEE.  I would recommend that people who are faint of heart to try and split something with another person.  Not a single person at my table cleaned off their entire plate; there was just too much!The calamari steak was DELICIOUS.  I've never had anything like it before and it tasted WONDERFUL! The only problem was that the sandwich was so huge I had to take it apart just to eat it...which ended up being messy and leaving me with a calamari steak salad with very fresh croutons. :] As good as it tasted, I could not finish the entire plate! I even came in quite hungry! Additionally, I had a taste of Andy N.'s chicken and I must admit... that was some pretty damn good chicken.Our server was a bit...eh. Nothing too exciting there.  He wasn't terrible, but he wasn't spectacular either.Overall, GREAT FOOD with HUGE PORTIONS! They have so many twists to classic favorites, and it's an adventure for you mouth! (Who wouldn't love that?) It's definitely a place to try out, and I'll definitely be heading back another time to tackle (try to tackle) something else! :]*side note: I found out later that this place was also one that was featured on Man v. Food.*
5	Best place in Vegas (maybe anywhere) for breakfast foods.  On our last trip, we went here all 3 days.  Given between hubby and I, we usually order only one dish per trip.  At the bar counter, they didn't charge a splitting fee ($2), but when we were seated there was either a fee, or it was waived if we ordered a side item (we got the $2 biscuit). The waiters were all friendly and tried to be attentive.Sage Chicken Benedict - awesome presentation!  maybe cuz i love biscuits and gravy... it was one yummy mess.Blueberry Pecan Pancake - huge, flavorful.  Thing is that the blueberries are only on top of the batter when they cooked it, instead of integrated throughout the pancake.  They didn't skimp on the pecans.Chicken Pot Pie - once again amazing.  By open-faced, they creatively form this bowl from usual pie crust, and have the chicken & sauce overflowing out.  And it's huge!One pound burger - Don't waste your $$ on this one.  They do 2 of these thin 1/2 pound patties that are dry and tasteless.  I barely touched this dish and helped eat my husband's pot pie.Chicken & waffles - good quantity... comes with 3 waffles and huge piece of chicken.Smores mocha - huge and really sweet.  It's creative, but share w/ one or two other ppl.Watermelon/kiwi/lemonade - really pretty but a little pricey for what it is.
4	I was in town and since everyone on yelp screams about this place i wanted to check it out.  I got there early afternoon around 12 30pm and noticed that it was packed already with people waiting to be seated and some were even baking outside waiting to be seated.  The cute girls up front stated it would take an hour to an hour 15 minutes to be seated so i was like maybe i shouldnt wait but decided to stick around since there isnt much to do in vegas in the morning.  it took about 40 minutes and we were seated.  Ok i am getting to the important part the FOOD.  I ordered hamburgers for kids from the kid's menu and boy i was wrong to get each one their own burgers.  The burgers were so big that kids couldnt even manage to eat half of it.  So my advice get one burger per two children :).. Flapjack i ordered was huge as well i would say 3-4 people could easily eat this and i am a big guy with apetite.  Verdict fun to see such huge portions atmosphere was nice definitely worth going and checking it out.  I cant say the taste of breakfast was the best i have had though, but i enjoyed the experience.
3	Gigantic portions are the name of the game at this spot way off the strip. We arrived early and were seated right away. As the morning wore on, I could see we really beat the rush. I had the corned beef hash over crispy potatoes, with 2 poached eggs. I had never had corned beef hash like this before! Rather than the ground and canned corned beef we're all used to, it was stringy pieces of actual corned beef! A shocking yet welcome sight after driving this far from the strip for breakfast. Flabbergasted, I tried a complete bite with some egg, beef, and potato. All the textures and flavors came together like some sort of breakfast Voltron in my mouth! No seasoning was necessary, and yes, mom, I cleaned my plate. A+ dish, without a doubt.My only complaint are the prices. Breakfast for 2 ran me almost $50 here with tip, a little more that I care to spend, but at least portions are big. I recommend sharing your dishes. Who cares if you get charged $2.50, it'll save you about 10 bucks and you'll both be full.
3	Hash House definitely didn't disappoint me with the amount of food they served on each plate. Unfortunately, HH wowed me with quantity and not with quality. Don't get me wrong, everything was edible, but I felt the combination of the Sage Fried Chicken w/ Waffles could have been executed better.I think the Maple flavored bacon inside the Waffle was a great idea. Trying to achieve that Sweet and Salty flavor some people crave, but this could have been accomplished with smaller bits of bacon within the Waffle. Instead you have large pieces of bacon stuck in between each waffle, I ended up avoiding the bacon all together.The caramel for this dish actually ruined my Fried Chicken. I prefer my Fried Chicken, untouched with any condiments, this is just a personal preference, but it may apply to those who are considering this dish.  The Fried Chicken itself was crispy, tender, but lacked some unique flavors. I didn't taste any spice or herbs that may have been used in this dish.FYI: Because their portions are fairly large, there is ~$2.50 surcharge for splitting a dish. The server recommended I order french fries on the side, instead of paying for the surcharge.
5	Ok, short & sweet update: Anyone that knows me, knows I love Strawberry Rhubarb pie.  WELLLLLL... at all the tables, they have homemade jam.  When I went here in March? they had STRAWBERRY RHUBARB jam.  I think I peed a little thinking about it.  It was glorious.
4	This is the place to be to eat a lot of food for breakfast.  They do not skimp on portions.  Pancakes are larger than your face.  Tasty too!  Their plates are all covered in hollandaise sauce and layers with potatoes, eggs, cheese, chicken .  Amazing food, good price.  I need to go again and try some other stuff.
5	Hash House is hands down the best place for breakfast in Vegas. Their portions are too big for on the spot consumption which is an issue and almost gets them four stars from me. Not too many people know this, but Hash House also serves up great lunch. This is a must visit whether you are a resident or tourist.
4	portions are huge! just as big as the city of las vegas, i'm not kidding either. service was great and food came out quickly. the HH bloody mary, tastes fantastic in the morning. pick any of the hash house farm benedicts and your taste buds will be dancing and singing, they'll thank you for your selection. so the serving size is i wanna say something like "family style", but for one individual. i ordered andy's sage fried chicken, mouth watering good. scrambled eggs inside the fried chicken just underneath the skin!!! unfortunately, i couldnt finish it all and had to wave the white flag.
5	I don't even know where to begin!!!  My friend had told me about this place because she went to the one in San Diego.  I had never heard of it, so I decided to do some research and check out their website online prior to going.  My mouth was watering even before ever going there!We got there right as soon as the place opened.  We opted to not go to the one on the strip because we figured it would be much busier.  There were people waiting outside, and soon after we were seated, the rush began and didn't stop when we left.Our waitress was cute and dorky.  Actually, most of the staff seemed to be right up that alley, but it all had a very smooth way of working out in the best interest of the business and created a nice atmosphere.I decided to try the corned beef hash (obviously I am a huge fan) and my fiance had the sage fried chicken benedict.  HOLY CRAP.  I knew the pictures online made the food look big, but I never imagined that the portions would be like this.  YOU CAN EASILY SPLIT A MEAL WITH SOMEONE IF YOU WANTED TO AND STILL BE STUFFED.  My hash came out with CHUNKS of corned beef, not the crap from the can.  It seemed fresh like they just got it out of the crock pot and was piled with a mound of crispy potatoes and swiss cheese.  My fiance's food was AMAZING too!  I cannot even begin to describe the abundance of flavor in the sage chicken!I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone and everyone who likes good food and a lot of it.  I would have taken my leftovers with us, but we were in a hotel that didn't have a mini-fridge or microwave for reheating.  They need to bring this out to the desert heat in AZ because I am sure there would be quite the crowd and appetite for it.
5	Last Sunday was the first time I have ever been here. I have lived here for 5 years and I do not understand how I could have ever missed this place. We had the Rosemary Chicken and Waffles and all I can say is that it gave us " the itis " proper and right.
4	Not many places have lived up to the hype. Hash house A Go Go did no wrong though. The Eggs Benedict was good. i really liked the pancake. Sometimes something of that size lacks in the flavor department but  not in this situation. I had the apple Cinnamon. It was Great.I usually don't comment about the decor but the futurist farm look to it was pretty cool.
4	my boyfriend ordered some bbq ribs and everyone at the table were drooling over it. unfortunately he didnt share it with anyone else cuz he felt that if he did let someone try it then he'll have to let everyone else try it. there were about 4 ribs and some cole slaw. the ribs was literally falling off the bones when you eat it. it was pretty damn good! and we each ordered the pancake tractor combo i think. its literally a big ass pancake that covers the whole plate (btw the plate is really really really big) and it comes with maybe 2 eggs and your choice of sausage, bacon, or potatoes. i could barely finish the pancake. i only had maybe 1/6 of it. i should've just shared with my boyfriend. haha
4	My mom and I came here when we passed through Vegas and it was awesome. We both ordered the fried chicken: she had the salad and I had the eggs benedict. They really aren't kidding around about portions-- I could only finish half! We definitely could have ordered one and shared, because we both packed huge leftovers to go. It was really good but sooo filling! We both loved Hash House and can't wait to come back. Excellent service, excellent food!
4	When you first walk in, the ambiance was nice..........high open ceilings painted black with lotsa ceiling fans going. The hostess didn't come off as very friendly when they greeted us.  I didn't get a sense of friendly welcome.  We were told it would be about 10 minutes, and the entire front section were all empty tables (10 tables).  I figured out after we were sitted that that section just opened up during the time we were dining, so that's why we had to wait.and their waiters were very nice, friendly and they were always filling our water up.  It was one of the best ice cold water we had.  The coffee was very good too, and they were always refilling that too.Everything is made to order and served when it's done.  I ordered the corn beef with crispy potates and sunny side up eggs.  It was a large portion and served with fresh slice cantaloup and pineapple which was very good.  The corn beef were shreded and mixed with cheese over crispy potatoes.  It was A+, the only thing I would have liked was that the potatoes could be cut a little smaller, otherwise it would be perfect for me.  The biscuit was large and flaky and I spread their fresh homemade strawberry jam on it.  My dining partner ordered the vanilla waffle...................it was about 12" x 12" and was very good.  I make waffles at home and I thought mine were the best, but this is right there too.The portions are large and everything is freshly made to order and it's one of the best breakfasts to go to.     We went on a weekday around 9am, so it was too crowded, but the place was full by 10am.I would recommend this restaurant.
4	When you are in Vegas, you want to do things BIG.  Drink hard.  Play hard.  and of course, eat hard... but who really wants to eat hard 'everytime' that they need to spend $40+ on a Vegas buffet?  Fear not- the locals know the best, and thank goodness for my awesome Vegas friends for taking Jaymie Lynn S. and I out for some good eats, because Hash House A Go Go is definitely a spot to remember.First of, this place was packed when we arrived during lunch hours on a Saturday.  Our wait was about half an hour, which is honestly not that bad if there is a delicious meal at the end of the rainbow.  So be prepared to wait a little.  In the meantime, I highly recommend looking over their menu because it is LONG and full of many options that are going to tease your every cravings.  From breakfast foods to a calamari steak, use your time wisely to choose.Ambience?  This joint was blasting remixes of Top 40 hits- I LIKE!  It made me wish I had that iPhone application that helps identify tunes you may be unfamiliar with.  We were seated on the right side of the restaurant which made for more room, but less air conditioning because the fans weren't blowing our way.Onto the menu!  I had a really hard time deciding what I actually wanted to eat here because there were so many.  I was looking favorably at the Chicken & Waffles options, when my friends recommended I try the "Andy's Sage Fried Chicken" because it had my name on it.  I figured- why not, and selected that for my lunch date.  I also ordered a lemonade, and was pleased to hear that drinks were bottomless here.  However, the lemonade proved to be a bit too sour, so maybe an iced tea would have been more appropriate.After waiting for what seemed forever (around thirty minutes... quite a bit of a wait IMO), our food came out.  Mine came out last, but what I saw on my friends' plates was shocking.PORTIONS DO NOT LIE.  THEY ARE HUGE.My Fried Chicken meal came with mashed potatoes, scrambled eggs, bacon, medley of tomatoes and a side of fresh fruit.  It was big eats here.  The presentation of it was wonderful as well, and upon first glance, I knew I was going to have trouble finishing all of this food.  The chicken breast piece was juicy, and did not feel overwhelming being fried.  Everything on my plate was honestly very tasty... but to nobody's surprise, I could not finish this giant meal.  Check out the size of this plate: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g8OnV26ywJlZpezdBnOWUQ?action_user_photos=1If you are a light eater, sharing one dish can be your life saver!Jaymie Lynn S. let me have a taste of her calamari steak, and it was hella good!  It was an interesting take on the traditional calamari style meats, but I very much enjoyed it along with the condiments that came with it.This was such a great eating experience, and I highly recommend it for any Vegas local or traveler wanting a great meal that is guaranteed to get you full.  Parking is available in a small lot outside of the restaurant, with more on the street once it gets packed.With that... I've completed the Las Vegas episode of Man v Food!
5	Lives up to the hype. Probably one of the best breakfast places ever. Come hungry and still share!
5	OMG! omg, omg, omg. Did I say OMG?!  I have to tell you that I am NOT a fan a breakfast. I do eat it though and it's ok. I have never been wowed by breakfast. Let me just tell you that since visiting the Hash House, I have eaten those words. I have never been to a breakfast place where EVERYTHING (and I do mean everything) was delicious.First let start off with the decor. This is a very nice place. Got a kinda old country/modern type feel. They have an outside patio in the front and also in the rear. The bathrooms are clean and quaint. Enough of that, on to the grub. I ordered the pancake tractor breakfast with a rudy red mimosa. My hubby ordered the corned beef hask skillet with coffee. I have pictures of the food but the mimosa was so damn good, I finished it before remembering to take pics. (sorry)My breakfast came with 2 eggs, potatoes and a pancake. Like I mentioned, I'm not a big breakfast eater, so I didn't want any meat. When my platter came (that's right, I said PLATTER), I couldn't do anything but buck my eyes. How big is this pancake, I asked the waitress. And I quote" 18 inches". When I tasted the food all I could say was ummm. They eggs tasted like they plucked them from up under a chicken they had out back. (don't know if they have a chicken house out back, but they were just that fresh!) The potatoes were awesome and the pancake tasted like buttermilk.My hubby food came but before that he couldn't stop talking about the coffee. Now let me tell you, my husband drinks coffee, I don't. All he could talk about before his food came was how good the coffee was. I'm serious, he would not shut up about this coffee. He made me try the coffee. It was ok but like I said, I'm not a coffee drinker.To quote my hubby, "This is some damn good hash. The best I ever had". My plate had so  much food on it 3 people could have ate with me. Even my husband had food left on his plate (and that's a surprise cause he usually don't leave anything!) The bill came out to $40 but it was well worth it. You will not be sorry. I say go to Hash House on Sahara.
5	Adam Richman I have to thank u for telling us about this spot it was the best breakfast I've had in my life. Like u said on Ur show the food is mmm my goodness mmm my goodness. A group of us came here to try this place cause we heard great things about it. It was pack on Saturday and we waited for about 45 Min's and we were starving so we couldn't wait to eat. The drinks are good My OJ was fresh u can taste that they just made it and my cousin had the watermelon kiwi it was sweet but good. The food took about 25 Min's but they tell u that on the menu because they cook everything fresh so a Lil wait won't hurt. I got the MVF special which is the Andy sage chicken and omg that bad boy was da bomb. I thought the chipotle sauce may ruined it but no it made it better and the griddle mash on the bottom so freaking delicious they kept picking at it. It is a big portion but if u love to eat then get it. My cousin got the Chicken and waffles and since I live in L.A we have Roscoe's and they known for the waffles and chicken. My cousin said wtf is that bacon inside my waffle F***ing hell ya. The plate looks like a freaking sky scrapper when it comes out he said it was the best chicken and waffles he ever had but I still like Roscoe's but the best fried chicken is at HHGG IMO. My cousin In law got the tractor farm with the banana Cinnamon french toast and holy cow that toast had to be 3 inches thick it was ridiculously but I had a bite and it sent me to the moon it was that good. Overall we paid 63 bucks for 3 people which is cheaper then the buffet and I was the only one to finish my meal. Place is kool portions are big the staff is friendly but the wait sucks but 5 stars all the way.
5	Only heard of this location because of Man vs Food.  This place is great.  All their portions are ginormous.  Wasn't a big fan of breakfast until now.  Never really gotten full off eggs, toast and sausage, but this place is guaranteed to make you leave happy.  We had the sage fried chicken which tasted really good, the burger here wasn't that great.  The meatloaf hash was good but a lot of potatoes. The spinach, ham and cheese scramble had a lot of flavor and light. Waffle was fluffy and huge, they also have a bacon waffle for all you bacon lovers out there.
4	This place is awesome.  Gigantic portion, friendly service, just plain old good food.  You just can't beat chicken & waffle when there is strip of bacon strategically placed inside the waffle.  Genius.  Definitely a good change of pace from the typical Vegas buffet and the overpriced celebrity chef restaurants.
4	Good food & drinks, huge portions... Hash house a gogo is a must go place when in Vegas. The chicken and waffles were delish (although I wouldn't mind a little more of the maple syrup reduction). Hubby enjoyed his sage fried chicken benedict as well. The kiwi watermelon drink was very refreshing and not too sweet.We will be back again when we head to Vegas!
2	Yuck! This place was a complete let down, we queued for about an hour to get a table here. By the time we were seated we were starving, but it was hard to get someone to take order as they were so busy. I had the farmhouse Benedict with pork tenderloin with fruit instead of potatoes, which was awful beyond words! It was a fried pork tenderloin still swimming in oil, with a sickly sweet creamy sauce on top, the only edible bit of the meal was the fruit. The portions are massive, enough to feed about 30 people, so if you care for quantity over quality then this is the place for you.
4	WARNING! The portions here are stupid large! So unless you are a very big eater (or a sumo wrestler in training) share a plate or make sure you have some place to put the leftovers.This place is located in Imperial Palace which in itself is a pretty fun kitchy kind of joint.  You have to take the escalator behind the bar up to get to it and you will wait no matter what time of day or night you go.  The servers are nice and very fast and they have to be fast.  This place is always packing.  We went for lunch but we did see some breakfast items go past us.Pancake I swear was size of hubcap; chicken and waffles had to be about a foot high on the plate.  Hubby had the BBBLT sandwich which had almost half a head of lettuce, almost a whole tomato, about 8 slices of bacon, and milk bread that was about 2 inches thick. It came with a steak knife stabbed in the middle holding it together.  I had the cob salad platter - errrrr I mean plate.  Big chunks of everything in it including a whole avocado and a biscuit about the size of a softball.A lot of people were gawking at other tables food orders cause they were all huge.  One guy at a table behind us just stared at his plate for awhile before he figured out how to attack it.  The prices aren't too bad, but you get food enough and then some for what you pay.  Come hungry - leave happy and waddling off.  Good times!!!
3	3.75 stars This restaurant belongs to a more hip casino, not the Imperial Palace! Its contemporary decor is no match for the Imperial Palace's notorious 60s "Enter the Dragon" appeal. I think we've passed Bruce Lee's era on Mr. Han's island. It was a maze trying to find this place. Had to ask around, walk up and down the casino floor to find the escalator to take you to the restaurant. *whew* A workout it was. We were greeted by a friendly host and then given the menu. A neighboring guests overheard us wanting to order two entrees, but she showed us her platter of food (a steak and potato entree) that was HUGE and strongly suggested us to share an entree. So, we took her advice and ordered ONE platter of BBQ Ribs, which came with steamed vegetables and mashed potaotes. For an appetizer, we tried the House Hash Salad. Good stuff. The ribs were deeelish and somewhat messy. But pretty flavorful. Satifying meal and we had to wheel ourselves outta there!  I would come back. The Negs: 1) service is SLOW here; 2) no for-warning from the wait staff that the portions were HUGE. Thanks to the guest who told us. 3) Hard to find restaurant.
4	went to HH in san diego and i wanted to take my bf here on our trip to vegas. we landed at 7am, and got to the place at 7:35am after renting the car (they open at 7:30!) timed it perfectly. the waitstaff was soooo nice, even though we presented our restaurant.com certificate (since i saw others do this as well). i ordered their signature bloody mary and it was good, but i forgot to tell them extra spicy (hey! i am from the south). it came with a pickled green bean. nice touch. knowing HH, they should have added a bacon strip to it. but i was yummy none the less. i ordered the sage chicken and waffles, and my bf was like, "fried chicken for breakfast?" and i was like, "hell yeah!". i used to live in houston, and we would get this all the time. dipping your chicken in maple syrup is sooo good. this dish did not disappoint. the bacon was INSIDE the waffle! the presentation of the dish was beautiful, but fred flinstone-like at the same time. the waffles were stacked and the two chicken breasts were stacked on top of the waffled with a wooden skewer. it was HUGE! my favorite part of the dish was the fried leeks. it completed the dish. my bf got boring waffles, even though i told him he could have my waffles, and to order the french toast instead. guess he didnt think i would share, so he ordered his own, and i think he think he was underwhelmed. pros: free refills. my bf is a big diet coke fan, and we like that they kept bringing out dc refills; big portions. you can share; unique. cons: big portions! i feel bad when i cant finish the food, and i cant take it home.
1	trendy, over rated, crowded, forgettable food, HORRIBLE service.  they have big portions garnished with a sprig of rosemary-woop de friggin do......perfect for Vegas social climbers who have no palate or culture. yes, I said it.
4	I would say 4.5 stars ... the only thing keeping me from giving them 5 stars would be their service.  We went on a Monday afternoon, around 2:00ish, so it wasn't during the lunch rush or anything.  Unfortunately, our service was horrible.  They kept bringing the wrong orders to the tables all around us.  I guess the upside to it was that we got to see what all the other food on the menu looked like.They definitely don't kid around when it comes to portions .. they're HUGE!  The beautiful thing is that once our food did arrive, the explosion of flavor was well worth the madness.It is a ways from the strip, but it's a must do!  We're for sure going back :)
4	I thought that this place would have a homemade from the kitchen feel but it's very modern inside. I wish it would feel more homey.. Aside from that, the food is excellent. Have been here a few times and  have come for breakfast and dinner. No long lines, comfortable seating. OKAY service. The people in the front aren't that friendly and neither are the servers. I generally just come here for their amazing food. I've had what Adam ordered on Man vs. Food and it's excellent. Except for this one time when I ordered it for dinner and the mashed potatoes were hard and tasted like paste. So lesson learned don't order breakfast for dinner. So, atmosphere, service is ok but come here for the food. It's good!
4	Hash House A GoGo is a must go to when coming to Vegas for food.  It is a refreshing alternative to the glut of cheap buffets and overly priced epicurean restaurants.  The portion sizes are humongous as well as having a different twist on homestyle foods.  The sage fried chicken with waffles is always a sure winner.  Fried chkn is always fresh and crisp and the waffles have bacon right int them.  Pour syrup over the whole thing and you come out a winner, unlike the casinos.Their meatloaf is your standard classic meatloaf, but without any of the cheap meat taste.  The only thing that I didn't care for much in their meatloaf sandwich was the use of canned tomatoes on top.  It gave a very unrefined feel to the whole thing and clashed with the butter toasted milk bread and smoky cheese.The banana brown sugar pancakes are worth waking up for even if it means you are still hung over.  The pancakes have nice amount of banana in it and are cooked with brown sugar so you get the marvelous crunchy texture with the well-rounded sweetness.  The eggs benedict dishes and hash dishes are piled on high and probably enough for two to share or have another meal out of later.  The kiwi-watermelon lemonade is also a feast for the eyes as it layers into 3 different colors and was the star attraction of our table.  Of course, no one is perfect and we had experienced what many of the other Yelpers had brought up.  Service was really mediocre, and they really did not seem to care.  Our food took over 45 min from the time we ordered and our server said she would get us refills, but would charge us for them.  Great way to comp your customers!  When the food did finally come out, it was one dish at a time at 5 min intervals.  They also messed up our orders.I think that if you anticipate mediocre service, you should be ok.  Go for the food!
5	This was our top find exploring off-strip. I insist you go here for breakfast or lunch at least once. The portions are massive, the quality of the ingredients is spectacular, and the menu is truly creative. I hear the Bloody Mary here is to die for... Oh, and nice decor too.
4	You really must go go and try the Hash House A Go Go. It is like a hopped up uberdiner where the food is gourmet and the portions are humongous.I ordered the smallest breakfast I could find on the menu, eggs, potatoes and toast.  That's it. No bacon, no ham, no sausage...I could only eat about half of it.  Eggs were great, toast was great, potatoes were great.My only criticism is that the coffee was only ok.I think I figured out the issue.  There is a portal to Idaho in the kitchen.  They have not been able to stop the flow of potatoes from this portal.  The only choice they have to keep the potatoes in check is to send out every order with 2 pounds of chunk potatoes.
5	OMG - This place rocks!Even on a Monday for lunch, there was a wait to be seated. We ate at the bar and this was one of the best meals we had in Vegas.Yes, the portions are enormous. You can easily share and not go hungry for the rest of the day. At the same time, our eyes were bigger than our stomachs and were ordered the Corn Beef Hash Scramble and Meatloaf  sandwich.  Both were awesome. Highly recommend this place.  You will have a great time.
2	was excited from all the hype my friends had given this place.  but...a ridiculous line 'n bad service definitely wasn't fun.chicken 'n waffles were HUGE but i wasn't impressed.  the chicken was dry, and the waffles were only ok - had bacon cooked into'em.  but the bed of green onions tossed in a syrup-like reduction was a good accompaniment.  most of my cousins got some sort of hash, and they all seemed to like'em.  but no one finished their food cuz of the massive portions.  one thing my cousin J raved about was the kiwi watermelon lemonade - see pic.
4	There's so much over-priced bad food to be had in Vegas.  I discovered Hash House a couple years ago, and make it a point to stop in when I'm in Vegas.  4 stars instead of 5 because the staff isn't super friendly...semi-friendly I'll say.Coffee is good not great. Bloody Mary was good not great.Scrambles are good, and so are the Benedicts.  I tend to over-order here because everything sounds so fantastic.  I encourage sharing an egg dish and a pancake. It's plenty.
1	My friends chicken was brought to him raw!!  He couldn't even eat anything else because he lost his appetite after that. Couple other people in our group felt the same way because we were about to try it when we realized it.Other than that the food was generally ok, nothing great. Big portions!!Will not be returning.
4	Great execution is the first thing that can be said. Each item ordered is a conversational piece with friends and neighboring tables. Awesome drink list and my favorite was the bud heavy in a bag. Get the sage chicken even though you might think it's too heavy (it's not). My personal tip is do not order the bloody mary with stone ale. My girlfriend made the mistake of thinking it was topped with stone ale and it's exactly how the bartender explained it to her just in case, beer with non alcoholic bmary mix and she still ordered it and he still offered to get her another drink! Other big tip is that this is not on the strip and it's about 20 bucks just one way on the cab. If you want to stay on the strip go to the Imperial Palace for their other location.
5	The negative here is the wait around lunch time.  I heard it is much less during dinner.  The food is big comfort food with great flavor.  An absolute place to visit if you are in vegas.  It's inexpensive.
3	came here on a Sunday afternoon, the last day of our Vegas trip. heard a lot of good things about this place, so i was very excited to dine here. it was peak hours for Hash House and we had a decent sized group (8). the hostess gave us an est time of 1hr-1.5hr wait, we were able to get seated in an hour and we were starving. everyone at the table ordered a grab bag of dishes so everyone can share. portions were HUGE! pizza-sized pancakes, towering chicken n waffles, boulder-sized benedicts. i ordered the smoked salmon benedict... mehhhh. i guess i was expecting a traditional eggs benedict with hollandaise sauce, with some salmon. instead, i got a mashed potato-biscuit-salmon-eggs concoction served with a sriracha-esque sauce. i enjoyied my friends chicken n waffles much more. i will be willing to try this place again and order something different.
4	So I was in Vegas this past weekend and my friend wanted to try out this place before heading out to OC. He saw this place from the show man vs food. I guess for what it's worth, I love american food and I love brunch.The place is quiet far from the freeway (about 15 min local drive) and can be easily found from the street. The place has a rustic/barn feel from the outside. It was a bad idea to come during lunch time without any reservation (we had a party of 8) because the wait was about 1 hour.The portion is ginormous!!! I ordered the Crispy hand hammered pork tenderloin w/ market yellow tomato, spinach, bar b' que cream and topped w/ scrambled eggs. The pork came out crispy and delicious. It's really a comfort food and it's highly recommended if you come with a big group. Don't try to eat everything alone because sharing is caring .... ^_^This place redefine the word gluttony and I'd love to come back again to try out other food.
4	We saw this in Man vs Food and decided to try out and see what its all about.  It was crowded and tucked in Imperial Palace.  I would of never thought it'll be here. My first time having chicken and waffles.  The waffles was yummy, however I thought the chicken could of been more crispier.  I will definitely come back and try other things on the menu.
4	I don't even know where to start. This place is absolutely ridiculous. Yes we came here because we saw it on man vs. food. and yes our stomachs got royally owned by the size of everything. I ordered the HH Benedict and it was gigantic! The components were interesting... definitely not your traditional eggs Benedict. biscuit and mashed potatoes on the bottom a little to much for me. and i NEED Hollandaise. The sage fried chicken and waffles were pretty bomb dot com. (yes, i just used that, don't judge) It was delish. A definite must try! If I come back here this is what i would get. soooo good. my 2 friends shared the fried chicken Benedict but again same complaint... biscuits and mash potatoes a whole mouth of starch=hard to breath. the other 2 friends got a scramble and a hash which is how you wanna go if you want something light...er (ha) Both were very satisfied. They have pretty stellar drinks. I got the kiwi watermelon lemonade. OMG so good. It comes out pretty at first but then you mix it and it looks like sewer water. SOOO good though... I'm pretty sure there's ALWAYS a wait so be ready. This location is really far from the strip but I'm assuming less people that the one on the strip. Would i come here again?? yes but i would definitely order something different.
4	I came here thinking I would get their Grilled Cheese which has Cheddar cheese, tomato, prosciutto & avocado on griddled milk bread. I already planned on getting one of their huge Hot Chocolates to go with it. That combo is a guilty pleasure of mine especially close to the holidays. Well I changed my mind because it's not close to the holidays and I should try something that I can't whip up at home by myself. I decided to try the Roasted Butternut Squash I wasn't disappointed ! The squash was stuffed with Risotto and was coupled with some shrimp, roasted asparagus, carrots, Roasted onions and sun dried tomatoes. The risotto had a very fresh flavor bursting from it ....I was scared it would be salty but this place knows about good seasoning ! Everything is huge except of the portion of the shrimps it only comes with about five. Hot Chocolate would not have went well with this so I got the Mango Iced Tea instead. Just by sipping this tea you would know instantly that the flavor is Mango. It's not like some places where you have to keep sipping the tea to try to place the flavors. This would be a perfect place for a big group. Everyone can order something different... it would make it easier to sample the different entrees because these portions are for sharing!
4	I can sum this dining experience in just a few words...SO FREAKING GOOD!My friend SusanL and I decided we would hit up Hash House a Go Go. I have never been but have seen all the hype on the food network, so ... we went.We already know that the portions are ridiculously huge... so what else can I tell you?The food is amazing !I got the pork loin- It came with mashed potatoes- spinach- carmelized onions- roasted pepper- and some kind of cheese and a horseradishy sauce. I was a little worried that I would not like it... I was wrong . Now mind you I could only eat about a 1/4 of it. But what I ate was delicious. Perfectly mixed flavors to create a unique but amazing dining experience. My friend got the roasted butternut squash stuffed with risotto.  We shared a little with each other.  I couldn't decide which one I liked better, but I was not sorry with what I got. I got an ice tea to drink, but was not impressed as it had a smokey flavor and I really would like my tea to taste like tea.I also was NOT impressed with our server, It could be that she was having a bad day? Or she does not like being a server- she was kind of non existant.  I told her I needed to place an order to go, and she looked surprised that I needed a menu...  um ok? Then she waited til the end of our meal to put in the order - which we had to wait longer to leave. That was the only bad part.  Our bus-boy was great and it was fun to watch him lift our heavy plates. I will definitely go again... it is just a matter of time...
3	Just not as impressed with the twisted farm food at the Sahara location as I'd like to be. Things are great when the twists are not too wicked (like the fairly straightforward chicken and waffles). However, some of their dishes are just a sin (salmon fried with a cornmeal crust was just a gross way to treat a fish). Service can be spotty - sometimes you feel they just fawn over you, other times it can like pulling teeth to get a glass of water. And is no one else annoyed by the odd fried vermicelli and sprigs of rosemary? As far as portions go, you'd be hard pressed to find larger portions in Vegas. But, I'd rather have a normal amount of great food over a huge amount of passable fare. There are so many other great places to eat in Vegas, I don't think I'll be venturing here again anytime soon.
5	This place was to put it simply, AWESOME. The very large portions, and unique twists on traditional fares. I loved it. I have not tried the other locations, San Diego definately will be next though. I might go for my upcoming birthday. You can't go wrong with this place. Be prepared to wait a while though during peak times. Thank you Beth, for introducing me to yet another great restaurant.
4	Located inside the Imperial Palace... we arrived here with a party of 5 and was asked to wait about 30 minutes. It looked pretty full in the waiting area so we just went back downstairs for 20 minutes to mess around on slots and craps (came up $100 because of the wait!). Just keep in mind the buzzer they give you doesn't reach the casino floor so go down there at your own risk. I got the fried chicken eggs benedict and it came out in a heaping portion (with a very very decent price). It came with bacon, swiss cheese, spinach, tomatoes, these most perfect mashed/hashed potatoes and a sauce to marry them altogether. I definitely would suggest splitting this place. I'm a pretty heavy eater but even this one was a hard one to take down. I ate about 80% of it and was full for most of Saturday.I noticed that the actual wait time between ordering and getting the food seems to be quite awhile-a surprise for ordering breakfast food, but of course, I got over that quickly. I also noticed that there were tables empty for awhile yet people were still waiting outside to be seated... not sure if there was a reason they weren't seating people immediately...
1	if you love paying $15+ per breakfast entree and extremely poor service, then this is the place for you! How about $6 for a large OJ? Wow! I'm not sure if it is the huge portions of food that people take pictures of, or the trendy industrial art-deco motif that makes some yelpers think this place is worth it, but I wasn't impressed at all. In fact, I was really disappointed,First of all, if I am paying $15 a pop for breakfast, you better wow me.Second,  the food better be pretty freakin' great. It wasn't - not for $15.(Don't confuse large portions with good cuisine, folks.)Third, when the service is one bad dropped ball after another, I think i stopped counting at six - no refills, no response to requests, no checking back on if you need anything, no seeing how the food is, no pulling of plates, get the picture yet...?If you read my other Yelps, I sometimes think I may over-rate some restaurants. This experienced convinced me otherwise.Sorry - NEVER AGAIN!
4	AMAZING!!!Thank you Man Vs. Food 4 recommending this place.The service is wonderful and the food was amazing!I came here with 2 other people, one is a Las Vegas local and one not :PEverytime Im in Vegas I have 2 c him, since he's one of my best friends.  Instead of eating on the strip, my friend that I arrived to Vegas with, told me about this place.  Since he is a Man Vs. Food fanatic!It was perfect, something new and hanging out with my best friend frm vegas.   The serving portions r GI normous! Though they charge an xtra 2 dollars 4 sharing a meal.
4	I really like this place. I've been to the San Diego location as well. They both have friendly staff and great food. Large portions, of course, so please do your homework and don't over-order, otherwise it'll seem too pricey. Las vegas location has more seating area than SD's.
2	While staying at the Imperial Palace, we decided to check out the Hash House A Go Go.  We had heard about it from several places and thought it might be fun.  I wasn't impressed.  Service was slooooow, food was so-so (but very large portions).  We split the chicken and waffles.  Waffles were very dry and couldn'tget the waiter's attention for extra syrup.  The chicken was not the best fried chicken I have eaten, not even close.  The place is a glorified diner, but too much money for diner food.
3	After hearing about this place for months, I was finally able to eat here on my last Vegas trip.The portions were huge and the food was delicious!  I ordered the famous sage fried chicken and bacon waffles, surprisingly my favorite item on the dish was the fried leeks! wow, who knew leeks could taste so good.
5	Adam Richman, you lead me to the promised land once again!We were in Vegas for the weekend and on our last day there, we came to the pig out palace known as Hash House A Go Go. The Sage Fried Chicken was more than overwhelming, the Fried Chicken and Waffles had bacon inside of the damn waffle -- that is freakin genius -- and the Blueberry Pecan Flapjack  looked like a giant bed that I wanted to just jump onto and fall asleep on. Oh yeah... and it tasted soooo awesome.There's no way I'm not coming back here again the next time we come back to Vegas. I don't give a damn if it's about 7-10 mins away from the strip. I would walk all the way from my hotel, barefoot, in 120 degree weather just for another taste of the flapjacks, sage fried chicken, and chicken and waffles with the bacon cooked inside of the waffle. And if you're thinking to yourself, "Wow, this guy is on something..." I would like to inform you that yes, I am on something. I'm high. I'm high off muthaeffin Hash House A Go Go.
5	I really enjoyed this place and I'm really happy that I chose the Hash House A Go Go over the buffet in Harrah's. They give huge portions and I'm honestly surprised that I regretted ordering the side of potatoes halfway through my meal. The pancakes are huge, so if you feel put off by the fact that you only get one with your meal-don't. My girlfriend took a slice of mine- when I say slice I am comparing it to that of a pizza- and I still couldn't finish the damn thing. But I tried, oh lord tried, because their homemade strawberry jam made every bite as good as the last.The service was top notch and our waitress made it her duty to make sure we were pleased. At one point she was pissed as she looked for the busboy but stopped what she was doing when I asked for another cup of coffee.There's a buffet everywhere you turn in Vegas and you're on vacation so don't waste your money on a Denny's breakfast you can get at home. Check out Hash House A Go Go and you will not be sorry.
5	Seriously, this has to be one of the best places i have eaten in Vegas.Im not one for straying off the strip, but honestly this place was amazing. Less than 5 minutes off the strip, I found Hash House A Go Go. Dipped in for lunch with a restaurant.com gift certificate and the food was AMAZING.I have been dreaming of their biscuits since I had them. Fresh made with a from scratch strawberry jam that is to die for!The portions are ridiculously huge for such a small price, you really cant beat it. You get Farm Fresh Organic Food and don't have to blow a budget like most vegas eateries.I got the chorizzo scramble and the jalapenos and tomato in it were so fresh. Eggs were cooked perfectly and it was served in a big black skillet with a biscuit and two pieces of very fresh fruit including a juicy slice of watermelon. My boyfriend ordered the basic, and although he would have liked a little more bacon he was very happy with his meal.We ordered the blueberry pecan pancake to share and it was HUGE and sooooo good that I didn't want to stop eating it. The pancake was super large but not heavy...still light and fluffy.I could go on for days about this place, but all you have to know is that its not that far off the strip, with a restaurant.com gift certificate you will pay so little for the amount of food you get and the quality of food.So come with an appetite and enjoy!
3	Great place to have brunch after a crazy weekend in Vegas.  But I can't quite give it 5 stars like some of my friends have.My wife and I shared the chicken and waffles.  It wasn't bad, but definitely not as good as it's hyped to be.  Doesn't even compare to Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles.Fortunately, we were able to try some of the other dishes that our tablemates ordered.  Those were definitely better.But the $2.50 surcharge for sharing a plate is pretty bullshit if you ask me.  Although, the fact there was not much of a wait was a huge plus.  We went on a Sunday around noon.
5	I'm writing another review begrudgingly because Yelp thought my last review was too racy. Bruce at HQ, this one's for you.Hash House 'O Hash House,How I love thee?I'll write a short little jingleThat isn't racy.No, this review won't be lewdThis review won't mention dongs,I'll only talk about foodSo my review won't be gone.'O Bacon, 'O Waffles, 'O Hash House, Rejoice!Fried chicken? Huge portions?'O What a great choice!I think the whole staff is tattooedHash House, 'O so hip.All the waiters and bussersLookin' so punk on their shift.Make sure to come earlyIf you go on SundayOtherwise you might waitYour whole morning away!This place is a gem.This is my hash house songI recommend that you eat hereAll us Yelpers can't be wrong!
5	I've got three girls with me, one of which is my cousin from Australia, so it's important we eat good so she can brag to the rest of the family about how awesome the food is in America, and how her American cousin (me) is so hip and cool and knows where it's at and what it is and what it do when it comes to food and fun. I back track on the 15 fwy. to Sahara Ave. make a left and begin a long drive down towards the parts of town that did not exist to me since I never really leave the strip. The girls are getting weary of where we're going and keep their eyes peeled for Torrey Pines st. I see the tin looking architecture and pull into the parking lot at 11: 10. The parking lot's full. Don't people in Vegas work on Tuesday's? We walk in and look at the wall of famous people who ate there and the girls call me over and say, "Hey, Bjork's eaten here, look."  I run over and to my pleasant surprise is a menu signed by Bjork and I instantly knew, this place was going to be great. The food was awesome, big, and one of a kind. Our waiter was cute, knowledgeable, and friendly...and MALE! Hey now! I can't even get that combination in the clubs. He recommended the brown sugar banana pancakes which were delicious, but my Australian cousin ordered the Chicken Benedict because it was on Man vs Food and I got a hit of that and was addicted. The sauce on that is heaven! The only thing that could've made it better was Bjork serving it to me in that ridiculous swan outfit and then singing "It's Oh So Quiet....shhhh! shhh!" LOL!  Go there if you're in Vegas. Take your children and tell them this is what they serve in Heaven and if they don't behave they can go to Hells kitchen where everyone yells at them with Brit accents and makes them feel unworthy. Cheers!
4	Wow.  That's all I can say.  It gets very crowded here, so I can only give 4 stars.  But you will know why it is so crowded once you eat the food.
5	Very well worth the price for what you get! We ordered the specials and I thought maybe the portions would be smaller than the regular orders but they were still filling, fit for 2-3 people! Omelettes are ultra tasty and so are the potatoes! Mmm. Orange juice does taste really fresh. Sure exceeded my expectations here. I definitely want to try out their signature watermelon kiwi lemonade next time. It looked SO good when someone else ordered it. Definitely will come back very soon!
4	I ate at the establishment inside the Imperial Palace. Thank gawd they replaced that awful Teahouse cafe with this restaurant. It rocks! Now as you probably already know..the food portions are not for the weak or sorta hungry people...you better be friggin starving cause you have no business being in a place like this! If you share a meal they will charge you about $3 or $4 to split. A tip..if you're gonna order a side salad (btw anything "side" here is a full order of fatness) or a side of mashed potatoes or even just the biscuits, then they won't charge you the split fee. When we had breakfast, the nice waitress recommended I get the biscuits which were only $2.95 so that I didn't get charged that dumb fee. By the way, the biscuits are yummy and the fresh made jam of the day (we had peach but I got to try strawberry at dinner) just complimented that goodness. Ok on to breakfast...my boo ordered a spicy bloody maria to start..their version of a bloody mary but with an extra kick and I had a mojito...both were liquid delights and both gave us that nice buzz to prepare us for the Behemoth of Behemoths Chicken and Waffles!! It's a monster RRAAAAAHHHH!!...2 pieces of a breaded then fried chicken along side a stack of not 1, not 2, but 4 bacon stuffed (yep bacon stuffed) waffles. A steak knife is stabbed literally thru the middle of this Mount Fiji of wonder. The syrup is a sweet and yummy and the waffles are dee-lish. The chicken could be a tad less dry and they were a little bland but everything else on the plate was fatty already so I overlooked this. I guess we felt like we didn't get enough cholesterol running thru our arteries, so we headed back for dinner! Yay!  This time we shared the pork tenderloin with mashed potatoes. No need for sides so we just took the split charge fee. My daughter ordered the "kids" burger. Ok...the plate that held this Shamu of  a pork tenderloin  was literally about 2 feet wide! No jokes..this plate probably weighed almost 10 pounds!  The pork tenderloin was pounded thin, breaded and fried to a crispy goodness and laid atop a mound of bacon cheese mashed potatoes. There was some cool fried thin spaghetti pasta decorating on top of this that was actually edible......yeah go big or go home I say! My daughter's burger was definitely not kid size..no surprise here..and it was juicy and lovely. AHHHHHHHHHHH.....Hash house...my food memories of you will always haunt my dreams..I don't know if I consider you a good dream or a great nightmare. My hats off to you Imperial Palace..you just found yourself a "Winner winner chicken dinner!" kind of place :)
2	This place has pretty good food, but the service was horrible for big parties and people with kids.  I have previously been here before with just my husband and it was better.  Our experience this time with a party of eight including two kids sucked. They sat us at a booth that was too small for us.  The server took forever to take our orders and did not come back to our table until he brought the bill towards the end of our meal.  I had to ask different waiters for things that we needed such as napkins.  When we asked for a refill for the kids milk, he charged us $4 more and did not even fill up the kids cup, I was just so pissed off by that point I just wanted to leave.  I asked for a comment card and they wanted me to write on scrap paper, which is bull*#@.  They said that I can call a manager for me to talk to but he was taking forever and I did not want to wait, so I'll just let yelpers know that the service is horrible.
3	If size mattered, Hash House A Go Go would score stars off the charts.  If service mattered, it would get three stars.  If flavor mattered... well, there would be a slight dilemma. Let's start with first impressions.  Forget "line was out the door," it was more like MOB surrounding the front patio.  Once inside, you're greeted with such a busy atmosphere (on a weekend, at least) - all the tables were seated, families and friends getting together for a breakfast-version of Thanksgiving.  If you haven't worked out those forearm muscles, not sure if this place would be for you.  Their plates are ginormous (yes, this word has been officially quantified due to the portion sizes at Hash House).  I would like to invest in whatever machinery they use to squeeze the orange juice.  "Fresh" is an understatement.  That cup of orange juice is so amazing - it's as if someone took an orange, magically stirred up the juices inside an orange (without disturbing the peel), gave me a straw and offered me heavenly orange juice.  I was mesmerized by the juice, as I watched the pulp inside the glass, sway back and forth, taunting me with its citrusy-goodness, waiting for me to finish the entire cup, and ask for seconds or thirds.  I resisted - for I waited patiently for the food.  It's hard to not turn heads every time a server came by with a plate.  Every plate looked like a mountain of food, with a twiggy-herb sticking up, followed by "Holy gamoly, that plate is HUGE!"  Pancakes looked like they were used as blankets to keep the plates from getting cold.  If it's true that you eat with your eyes first, you better close your eyes before the plates arrive at your table - you'd be full just by watching the plates make their way to the tables! When the sage fried chicken and waffles showed up, I was amazed the table didn't tip over to one side.  The waffles piled against one another like mattresses, lending support the pieceS of fried chicken that sat so gallantly on top.  Once you cut into the waffles, bits of bacon are nestled inside the waffles, playing peek-a-boo, and tickles you with savory flavors to off-set the maple syrup, while making you yearn for the juicy fried chicken.  I'm telling you, it was all very well thought out.  Four out of five stars is fair. Second attempt - featured menu item: Nappanee Hash.  Potatoes, tomatoes, strips of beef, eggs, (and other ingredients that I cannot remember) all glued together by Smoked Mozarella.  The potatoes were nicely crisped around the edges, eggs were made to order, and tomatoes danced around the combination, teasing with freshness.  Among the different flavor combinations came the strips of beef.  Problem - they were just that: BEEF.  If we did role call, the character "flavor" would be followed by silence, because it was completely absent.  "Tenderness?"  -- nice try.  That too, was absent.  Two out of five.  As busy as I've seen this place, I would think that they would want more servers/waiters to make sure that the tables are flipped as quickly as possible.  Service is a little bit on the slow side - and this is not just applied to the busy days.  On a day where there were no more than 6-tables, it took two or three attempts before we could get the waiter's attention to place an order.  Three out of five.  If you don't have much patience for long lines (on the weekends) or slower service, steer clear.  If you've got a big group of (hung-over) people looking for some not-so-fancy foods at big quantities and little price, you're in good hands at the Hash House.  If you're just tired of really watered down orange juices from the Poker tables at the Rio, just follow that holy-looking-glowing light to the Hash House A Go Go.
4	After watching Man vs Food, I really, really wanted to love this place. Like Adam, I got the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and on the first bite, I thought I was "in love". The benedict had chicken, bacon, tomatoes, mash potatoes, biscuits, and eggs topped with chipotle cream. The chipotle cream was AMAZING! The cream was  so good, I ate it all and realized I still have to eat the chicken, eggs, and biscuits (I guess I ate all the cream with the mash potatoes?). And after that, it was just dry from there. I thought it was just me, but my friends also experienced the same scenario. Delicious at first, but a bit bland at the end. Maybe if there was just a little bit more delicious chipotle cream, I'd be good. With that aside, the wait can be a bit long so be prepared for that. The portions are HUGE. I suggest sharing. If you do share, I guess you pay a fee, but they waived that fee if you get side orders.
5	I was in Vegas recently and we were watching that Vegas channel that tells you the hot spots to eat and party at, right when I was the snippet for this place my mouth started watering. Little did I know Man v. Food ventured here, so I took the waiter's advice and ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. It had a huge piece of chicken, with mash potatoes, bacon, this amazing chipotle sauce and eggs it was on a a biscuit, no lie, the size of my head. This place was delicious. It took me breakfast, dinner and breakfast again to eat the greater of it, I didn't finish it at all, but close enough. Their banana pancake was prob 15" around. It was so yummy!
4	biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiig portions, good food, best to share a plate. delicious but heavy duty
3	Hmm, I think the reason they are so high in rating is cuz of the GIGANTIC portion! Chicken and waffles consisted of 4 waffles and 2 huge fried chicken breast! Corned beef is special cuz they hand pulled the beef and it's tender. The reason I said it was over rated is bec I was dissapointed with the taste. Although presentation is 'WOW', the taste is kinda bland. Chicken was tasteless and waffles are not that great either, too much flour and not as fluffy as I like it to be. Another hassle is that every person needs to order soething - even my 1 year old?? Are you kidding me?! Good thing we can order sides for additional person..... Kiwi Lemonade is just so so. The reason many people likes it was bec of the nice color it was presented - green/ yellow/ pink color! Again, I would rather go to other place for breakfast next time.
3	After 8 hours on the road to drop off family in Pahrump and since I've never been to Vegas, we decided to stop by before heading back home and plus we were starving.The first stop on my list was Hash House. There was so many people outside waiting to be seated so was afraid we'll be waiting a long time for a table, but it wasn't that bad only waited 30mins. While waiting we notice the huge portions that were coming out of the kitchen. We got Andy's Fried Chicken, Blueberry Pecan flapjacks which was HUGE, and the Basic. Everything was so good I kept asking myself, why don't we have one next to us. We will come back for more...
3	This is a review for breakfast.The Skinny: extreme portion sizes but hit-or-miss execution (3) service: not bad however we usually get there when it opens to beat the rush (3) value: pricing is a little pricy however you will for sure have leftovers unless you order 1 entree/2 people (3).We come here for breakfast whenever we feel like a) we can get here early enough to beat the rush, b) we have to take the car in for service, c) we feel like pigging out in the morning.By far, the best dish here is Andy's Fried Chicken Eggs Benny. It sounds kinda gross - fried chicken, bacon, mashed potatoes, biscuit and gravy - but it's kind of a guilty pleasure. It's a total heart attack on a plate but very flavourful - sweet, crunchy, buttery goodness.Their biscuits are great with their homemade strawberry jam. Delish.Now for the bad news.The pancakes here aren't bad either however their batter lacks the mild crispiness likely due to their size. Blueberry pecan is better than Blackberry granola in IMHO. French toast is okay but a little too sweet.Their chicken 'n waffles were not that good - the waffles were too saturated in syrup and were soggy. The chicken was fine though.You need to bring a crew with you when you come here to eat because of the large portion sizes. I would suggest ordering maybe 1 entree per 2 people and then order the minimum amount for the second (such as a biscuit with butter). Seriously - one entree will keep you nibbling for at least 2 days.Overall, some good stuff, some not so good stuff. 3 star review.
4	This was my first time eating here, i was amazed how huge the portions are...it's a little more than i like to pay for breakfast but when you see how much you get, even though you can't eat it all, it is worth the price you pay. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone but be prepared to wait.
5	10 out of 10 Jews approve of heaping portions that require doggy bags, $25 off coupons sent straight to your house once a month, and reasonable prices. Did I mention that the food basically forced me to change my pants immediately afterward?  And I mean that in a positive way, not in a rushing to the bathroom way.I've still never been for breakfast but I did order a couple breakfast dishes for dinner and was not disappointed. The crispy salmon dish is not only delicious it's also healthy which I'm not sure you can say for the rest of the menu. I did feel a bit like half the menu might kill me with how much food and richness they provide but what the fuck do I care. Eat up and worry about your health later.
2	As a Las Vegas local, I was very excited to finally go to breakfast here after hearing so much about it from various sources (Man vs. Food, other locals, etc.).  Went with friends who are also locals and was their first experience eating here as well.Wait time:  Great...10 minsDecor/Atmosphere:  hip/fun/greatFood:  "HH Original Farm Benedict was visually pleasing presentation-wise, portion size was large, but tasted very plain and average.  Roasted Red Pepper cream sauce wasn't a plus to this dish.  Unimpressive (according to my friend who ordered this dish)."Tractor Driver Combo" (2 eggs w/ bacon and vanilla waffle version ordered) was nothing special/plain and over-priced for what you get ($12.95).  No garnish on the plate whatsoever with the exception of one strawberry on top of the waffle.  Two of us ordered this dish (we each had our own) and felt exactly the same way about it.Small orange juice ordered tasted like the kind that comes out of a machine and was way over-priced ($3.75).We all ordered coffee. One person in our group took the first sip and immediately noticed a glob of old caked-on red lipstick on the rim of her cup.  Disgusting!  She asked for a new cup of coffee.  Server did not apologize nor seem to care...just brought a replacement cup. In my opinion, one cup of coffee should have been comped on our bill at the end of the meal, no questions asked, but that was not the case.Service:  Very poor.  Server was not friendly whatsoever.  This was so unexpected, especially given the "notoriety" of the restaurant.  t's not like you work at Denny's!  I asked if it was possible to get fruit/strawberries to go with my waffle when I ordered, and the server's response was "there's one strawberry that comes on top of the waffle".  Any other communication out of the server's mouth consisted of what seemed like "grunts" with an attitude of "I really could care less whether any of you enjoy your breakfast". Took at least 20 mins before our food arrived at the table after having placed our order.All in all, the experience was a let down, and I so wish it had been otherwise.
5	CHICKEN AND WAFFLES! you will need to split this unless you are a gluttonous horde (which I can relate :-) ) FANTASTIC!
4	We came here early around 8 am on a sat. morning right before the huge rush crowd that got there shortly after. (and its off the strip!) We went with the chicken and waffles and decided to share b/c we'd heard how huge the portions were and we were glad we did. It was perfect to share with even some to spare. It was very tasty and it was my 1st exp. with chicken and waffles which i missed out on when I was in LA b/c i stood for 3 hrs in line for Pink's. argh. Anyway everything on the menu sounded so good. i havent been back b/c i'm trying to trim down and let's face it going to hash house is kinda counterproductive to that goal! but oh so good!. One thing i thought was the strangest thing. they have the smallest shortest water glasses I've ever seen, but they consistently came by to refill them so it was ok. I just thought to myself...why not invest in taller glasses?
5	Omg!!!! This place is the best!!!! I love the portions and the food comes out so quick!!! I love it when people around your table see what you ordered and are in awww over it lol!!!!
4	OMG the portions are HUGE. I ate the Man vs. Food special. Only thing I didn't like was that they charge 2.95 splitting fee. Come on do they really expect their plate as a "one" portion??
4	It was really hard and frustrating to find the place but once we got there and got our food everything tasted really good. My waffles were a bit cold but they made up for it with the hot syrup. Great atmosphere and great portions for price.
5	THE FLAPJACKS ARE SO FLUFFY, I COULD DIE!Prices are so reasonable, and with a restaurant.com coupon it was just dirt cheap. Portions are humongous, plan on making it two meals.Everything we had on our table was ridiculously amazing. I can't believe I'd never been here before.Blueberry flapjacks, meatloaf sandwich Komodo, and mushroom/spinach hash - all tasty, all mouthwateringly good.My parents eyes got big and excited when they walked in here and saw the portion sizes... and my parents rarely get excited for western food.
3	Went for the 5yr anniversary. Came an hour late past happy hour so missed out on seeing other yelpers but we were informed that the burger specials were still available.Buddy and I both ordered Stellas at the bar. Took a good 15+ min to deliver the order because something was a bit weird with the machine. The bartender told us drinks were on him for the inconvenience. So that was cool. I ordered the Mashed Potatoes & Bacon Burger. First impression was....eh it isnt that big. After eating half the burger i determined that the size itself wasnt the issue it was the lack of depth. The beef patties arent seasoned so they have a very generic taste. The mashed potatoes were too light in flavor and contributed very little to the overall burger cept for filler and the bacon was just bacon. There was no stable meat to condiment ratio. Each bite was like getting punched in the face with flavorless beef.The fries were good and the meal was good for how much we paid for them. If i ever go back i'm going to order something other then the burgers.
4	I'm a fan every time I come in town...the wait was a little long but it is always well worth it!!! Try the watermelon lemonade its so yummy and the chicken and waffles mouth watering ;)
5	"Beast Warrior Proportions".That's the best way to describe the amount of food that you get at Hash House.  A comparable visual would be that scene in the "Flintstones" intro where Fred orders the bronto ribs, gets said food, and the car tips over.  That's the experience here.  For that reason, I'm convinced they have steel reinforced tables.Yesterday was the five year anniversary of this branch.  5 cent beers and free appetizers for their happy hour.  Not thinking, I failed to carry cash with me, and upon realizing this, there was no way I could have purchased a dollar's worth of beer via credit card.  My liver would have exploded.So in going back to my car, I managed to scrounge about 30 cents out, which either makes me resourceful or a desperate drinker.  Between the five cent beers and tasty appetizers (their fried green tomatoes are wonderful), I was "good" for the my visit.Normal, non-anniversary dining has always been excellent.  The food is good, the portions are stupidly huge, and the atmosphere is fun.  This is more than a "you get what you pay for" sort of place.  Their burgers are the size of small throw pillows, and their breakfast fare is tasty (and again, stupidly huge).Get here early, as the place fills up fast, and they're only open for a few hours at a pop.  Who knows what will happen in "Year 10", but I imaging I'll have five years of various dining experiences throughout to figure out what they'll do by then.
3	More than made up for past experiences on their 5th Birthday Party over at the Sahara location. Nothing bad about 5 cent Stellas (okay they were 6 ounce cups but still) and $5 stuffed burgers (these were the same pound burgers that normally go for $12.95).Staff seemed to handle the pressure of MANY people swarming in all at once to be part of the celebration. And owner Jim was there to light the candles on the celebratory cake. Good vibes all around.
4	My first visit to Hash House A Go Go was for a CMYE event, so I couldn't officially review it.  My second visit was a simple breakfast with The Better Half (TBH).I ordered the Chorizo Hash (Chorizo, Jalapeno, Cheddar Cheese, Potatoes, Eggs, Biscuit, Peppers & Onions).  TBH ordered the Salmon Benedict.  To wash it down, I had the Mango/Peach Iced Tea.After a short wait, the food came out.  Since we have been here before, we knew what was in store for us....a massive plate of food.  Adam Richman from Man vs Food picked a great spot to host his show.....portions are LARGE!  You have to bring your A-Game to finish your plate.My strategy was simple....I will save the Biscuit for the end.  Biscuits are stomach busters.  I added some Tabasco and dove into the Chorizo Hash & Eggs.  It was very good!  The combination of ingredients had a good flavor to it.  The saltiness of the Chorizo combined with the gooey Cheddar Cheese and hot Potatoes made for a huge plate of Awesome!  I wish there were more Jalapenos on it though....it didn't seem to have enough of them.....kind of light.  The Eggs were prepared Over Easy just the way I like it....with the runny Egg Yolk covering the Hash when I broke the seal.  As I said, the Biscuit was last and I ate most of it with the final third of my dish....it was puffy & buttery....delicious and filling.TBH enjoyed her Salmon Benedict, but could only manage to finish 1/2 the plate.  I packed up the other half for later.Overall, it was a great experience, just like the first time.Will I return?  Soon....very soon!
2	Maybe my expectations were too high but Hash House A Go Go kind of disappointed me on every level. After months of lusting over the Chicken Benedict after seeing it on Food Network I could hardly wait, Too bad I had to. We got there around 11am on a Thursday and the place was pretty packed inside. The hostess was friendly and quoted the wait around 30 minutes unless we wanted to sit outside. Being hung-over and starved we chose the patio and thats where the experience became unpleasant. Our waitress was cool but it took her 10-15 minutes to bring us our drinks and being that we hit the sheets around 5 that morning we needed that coffee and water badly. I ended up ordering the Boston Hash because at the time it sounded amazing, and my bro got the Fried Chicken Benedict so I was just gonna steal bites from him. Our friend just got some scrambled eggs and we ordered one of those giant pancakes to split.After we ordered we got to talking about the night before and kind of lost track of time before I realized our food was taking wayyy too long. I was able to estimate exactly how long from a text my bro sent as we were ordering and it was going on 36 minutes and we still hadn't seen a plate. After I caught up to the waitress she assured me the food was coming and after another 5 minutes it did.The plates looked delicious! Everything was piled high, too bad the quality didn't match the quantity! My crab cakes just weren't good at all, they had a good amount of crab but just weren't that tasty, and the horseradish cream that came with it didn't help. Plus my potatoes were soggy and burnt tasting! I tasted my bros Benedict and while it was better than my breakfast it wasn't stellar, the pancake was kinda dry and seemed like it was cooked way before it was brought out. The best thing about the meal was the watermelon kiwi lemonade I ordered and to add insult to injury it took us another 20 minutes to catch a cab out of there. I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon.
1	Apparently the "all day lunch menu" doesn't apply to the hours 2:30-5:00 pm when they're closed for business.
4	Thank you, Adam from Man v. Food for telling me about this place!I always come here when I go to Vegas. I have never been disappointed! The wait for a table is ridiculous sometimes, but the food and experience are always worth it. How hilarious is it to order "Bud in a Bag?" C'mon, you know it's great. I'm on a mission to eat something different every time.Definitely not someplace to visit if you're leaving town and trying to beat the traffic, but if you come to Vegas in the early AM hours, come here as a reward. You won't be disappointed.
5	Awesome. We saw it on MVF and had to check it out. Definitely MVF worthy. Our plates were piled comically high. The initial sticker shock was quickly eased ( about 15 bucks a plate) with the mountain of food that the waiters brought us. I had the sausage gravy pot pie which had many golf ball size sausage balls in a delicious country gravy, a pile of scrambled eggs, and not one, but 2 giant scoops of roughly mashed potatoes. This was so big that I ate my left overs the next day and STILL have another meal. My only complaint on that was that the pot pie crust was pretty hard and cooked separate so not really a compliment to the meal. The wife got a stuffed quesadilla that hung over the giant plate. it was covered in a delicious queso sauce with just the right amount of kick. My favorite part was that they put fresh jalapeno chunks in the quesadilla. My mother in law got the salmon scramble which was more salmon than eggs I think. But really delicious.  We all had left overs which were still awesome the next day. Definitely a must do in Vegas.The only bad part was that they don't have sweet n low for my iced tea.. but I'll live without it.
4	Wow, when people say that Hash House A Go Go has huge portions, they are not kidding!  You know those huge plates people use for their dishes to serve family style?  Well, those are the kinds of plates they use here for just one person's order.I ordered Andy's Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower drizzled with a hot maple reduction and fried leeks.  Wow.  Visually and taste-wise, this dish had it all.  Upon first sight of this tower, I was reminded of Richard Dreyfus in Close Encounters of the Third Kind when he built that mountain out of mashed potatoes.  The base was four huge waffles with bacon cooked into them.  Then came the fried chicken with a knife and spruce of something on top to hold the mountain together.  The maple reduction was drizzled all over the plate, and the fried leeks were surrounding the mountain.This dish was really tasty.  It was a perfect balance between the sweet and savory.  The waffles were well prepared, and the bacon was tasty.  The chicken was crisp yet lightly fried and juicy.  And, as if the sweetness of the maple reduction and waffles and the savoriness of the fried chicken weren't enough, the crunchy leeks added another layer of texture and taste that caught me by surprise.Take heed:  this was a LOT of food...but I ate it all!And my friends and my server was great!
5	yup, like most people who reviewed this place, we also came here because of man vs. food.  we enjoyed this place so much, we came 2 mornings in a row last week.morning 1 - got here a little before 8am. didnt have to wait, got seated right away.  our waitress was cindy, super pleasant and nice.  i ordered one of the house favorite scrambles with roasted chicken, corn, roasted peppers, and mozzarella cheese. it also came with a biscuit, fruit (which was melon and pineapple), and your choice of griddled mashed potatoes or crispy potatoes (i got the griddled mashed potatoes).  my wife ordered the tractor driver combo with 2 eggs, bacon (extra crispy), and the vanilla waffle.  we both enjoyed our meals and really wanted to try other dishes which is why we came back for.........morning 2 - got here a little later today. around 830.  and boy what a difference that made. it was a lot more crowded and we had to wait 10 minutes to get seated.  altho nothing compared to the hours that some other yelpers had to wait!  today i ordered the sage fried chicken and waffles.  this thing was HUGE.  my wife ordered 2 breakfasts today because she could not make up her mind and it was our last day in vegas so we were not gonna be back here for a while.  she got the farm scramble with hardwood smoked bacon, avocado, and onions (it came with swiss cheese but she ordered it without).  AND she also ordered the granola waffle.  that did not stop her from eating part of my breakfast.  she was gonna order the bacon waffle but since she saw my breakfast came with it, she decided to do the granola waffle and just help herself to my bacon waffle.  fed wife = happy wife.everything we had at hashouse was good. the portions were huge tho so you gotta come hungry.  we ended up taking home part of her granola waffle which she did eat later on in the day.  yes, according to her, it still tastes good hours later.
3	What a hideous experience... our server was almost never to be found, and after we ordered, we noticed other tables sit down, place orders, receive their food... and yet our food (and server) was nowhere to be found.  Once he figured out that he did not enter the order he was verbally apologetic, but then handed me the full check.  Maybe I'm old school but normally the good places will comp an entree or offer dessert.  Not here.  Won't be back.Food came in large portions, almost comical (pancakes were quite filling).
5	I LOOOOOVVEEE hash house... especially after long night out... they have an amazing bloody mary. Perfect spice and they put celery, pickle, olives,etc. i love my bloodies with a salad on top!! they staff is super friendly and the scrambles...oh wow.. i make love to the breakfast menu! I always take out of towners there cause its been on the food channel and they get all excited. Its got a super cool vibe and some days are themed!!. They have a beatles brunch and since im a HUGE fan of those four ...yeay...yeay hash house... i love you ....
2	Meh.I'm not sure what all the hubbub is about this place. Yes the portion's are huge, but personally it doesn't make the food taste any better.I mean the food isn't bad! But, it's not great....Idk it' sort of just trying too hard, in my opinion. I feel like they're trying to stuff too many flavors into one dish.  Iv'e been there about three times and every time I leave super stuffed but kind of disappointed... but that's just me Sometimes less is more
1	Went to the new Hash House A GO GO restaurant and it was quite simply the worst dining experience of my life. Service was glacial and the cold awful food was so slow to arrive I thought I may die of starvation before it arrived. After it arrived I just wanted the meal to end but instead I was raped for the $60 bill. My ass is still bleeding.
3	Gave this place another try when I returned to Vegas 3 weeks after my first review.Much better experience this time. They were open (definitely a plus). Portions were huge (as expected), and food was great and reasonably priced. Server was friendly and fun and we received a free Italian Soda for mentioning them on twitter.
3	good food, HUUUGE portions. i had the fried chicken & waffles and could barely finish 1/3 of it, and i was REALLY hungry that morning. it was really good, though- my only complaint was that there wasn't enough of the maple reduction to flavor and moisten the waffles, but it was ok because the waitress brought me more. though it is off strip and we ate here on a weekend morning, it was still packed; we waited a while for both our table and our food. still, worth a trip.
5	After seeing this on an episode of Man Vs Food, and as part of my new goal to actually visit the places I see on that show when I travel, I visited this place about a month ago.Delicious! We had the apple cinnamon french toast, and the avocado scramble. Service was prompt and attentive. Delicious!
3	I've been here on 2 occasions. The first time I got the fried chicken benedict and it was not that great to me. I thought the smothering of the whole plate with the chipotle cream sauce ruined it for me. My second trip yielded much better results. I had the salmon scramble with brie cheese. It was delicious! Of course the portions are outrageous, but not a bad meal. Three people for breakfast was $76 with Mimosas of course.
3	Visited this place a couple of months ago during a trip to Vegas.  After seeing pictures and viewing it on Man vs Food, I was intrigued to see if it could live up to the hype.We arrived around 11:30 (peak lunch time).  There were 5 of us and the wait was approximately 45 mins to get seated.  The place is pretty big and the decor is nothing special.  The hubby and I shared a meal since I knew that this place was famous for ginormous proportions.  We ordered the Sage Fried Chicken stacked with bacon waffle, hot maple caramel reduction and crowned with fried leeks ($16.95).  Now I've been to Roscoe's and I guess it wasn't fair that I was comparing Hash House's chicken to Roscoe's.  The chicken just did not meet my standards...not enough flavor.  The bacon waffles, however, were somethin' else!  They were seriously out of this world!  I'm typically not a waffle fan, but the fact that the bacon was fried within the waffle was simply amazing!  :)  The presentation of the dish was pretty cool too (waffles and chicken stacked on top of each other with a knife sticking right in the middle).I would definitely go back to try some of their breakfast items next time we're in town.
2	Like a lot of the other yelpers on here, I visited because I saw it on Man Vs Food. We arrived about 11am, and although it didn't look busy we had to wait 10 minutes to be seated.I can't fault our server, she was attentive, knowledgeable, and very friendly. We both ordered French Toast, and just had coffee to drink.Yes the portions were huge, and they had loads of pecan nuts on top, but the toast itself wasn't anything amazing, and costs a lot more than Denny's!I wasn't that impressed - if I did go again I think I'd try one of the Hash dishes.
5	So Hash House A Go Go...  Most people have heard of this place because of Man vs. Food, but I've been a fan of this place for a long time.  Its one of the few places I can say that almost every meal I've had here is a hit.  The prices are decent when you discover that the portions are HUGE.  Beware, you might not finish a meal here.  I've been here countless times, and I've yet to manage to avoid having to take out.My 2 favorites would have to be either the Chicken Pot Pie or the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict.  Both of which are ridiculously awesome, and both are one hell of a twist on a classic dish.  The Chicken Pot Pie is essentially a deep fried sombrero on some mash potatoes with the "filling" poured on top.... Its just magical.  The wait usually is pretty long if you go during the peak hours, ie brunch, lunch, dinner, but its totally worth it.  One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas, if not my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  A must go.
5	Hungry  - craving large portions of food. Adam Richman recommends this place - "Let's go!" I say. This place was perfect for our for brunch and it's off the strip. I knew I wanted pancakes but with a pancake this size - I could only finish half. I had the blueberry pecan pancake - light and fluffy. The maple syrup was warm and it was a dream until I couldn't eat anymore. Then it became torture. I finished half the pancake along with the 2 scrambled eggs on the side and 2 sausages. I'm not having pancakes for a long while. My hubby had the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit. Let's just say it started out fast with the chicken going first. But by the end half the plate was still there - the biscuits sat there sad. Most of the eggs and potatoes were gone. It's just too much food for 1 person. I recommend sharing when ordering or maybe 1 appetizer and 1 entree. A fun place to be to see what everyone else orders. My eyes are bigger than my stomach.
3	How many of you like to eat portions that are bigger than yo head? Me me me meeeeeee! Well ladies and gents gather here and get the biggest bang for your buck at Vegas! Take it from me order one dish and share it with a pal. Food was good but not awesome.  The spectacle of the portions really overshadows the taste.
5	The food is great and the daily specials are always worth it! This place offers high quality food for reasonable prices with huge portion sizes unlike any other restaurant in Vegas. It's Zagat rated and has been featured on the food network.I always end up leaving this place with leftovers and it taste just as good the next day. You definitely get your money's worth on the food alone and the attentive service makes the Dine in experience even that much better.
4	One of my favorite places to eat breakfast in the LV area.  I got the Tractor Driver Combo with French Toast.  It was very very good.  My Fiance got the Mushroom and Artichoke hash which was ok, I like meat in my hash and this was meatless.  Waitress was very attentive and friendly, coffee cup never empty and normal wait time for food.  Cant ask for much more.  Would give it a 4.5/5 but that is not an option!
5	A. Maze. Ing.I am a MVF regular, and somehow I missed this episode.  I found this gem with my fabulous Yelp app.  We love to hit up a delicious place on the drive back to Phoenix and the Hash House did not disappoint.Before we pulled up, I was expecting to see a hole-in-the-wall type of dive-y place (with a name like "hash house" that is what I pictured),  man was I off!  Nice prominent outside and an inside atmosphere that feels modern/industrial and yet cozy/family environment at the same time.  The walk from the door to the hostess stand was a little icy . . . the two girls didn't smile at all, however they did quickly seat us, which was nice.  Our server was great, I forget her name (sorry). She explained that they don't use microwaves or heat lamps; as soon as your food is ready, you get it.  Very cool! She had a nice positive energy, like someone who enjoyed her job.  Like all of the other reviews say, the food is phenomenal!  And the portions are HUGE!!!  Some of the most unique and creative menu items, yet all sound like the most delicious dish ever.  My BF got the fried chicken with mashed potatoes, eggs, and bacon.  I am not a huge fan of fried chicken, but this might have turned me.  Melt in your mouth, moist chicken and a perfect, well-seasoned, light, crispy breading. Yum!And my breakfast was one of my favorite breakfasts of all time.  A vegetable hash with artichokes, mushrooms, spinach, sun-dried tomatoes . . . you know all the good stuff . . . not the silly filler veggies of normal breakfast places.  Served with potatoes and two eggs (over-medium) so I can spread the runny yolk all over my vegetable goodness.  My mouth is drooling just thinking about you.  Your's will too . . . just check out my pics of this stuff!Oh, and how could I forget the homemade biscuits and homemade jam ("strawberry today" the server told us).  Again, I've never been a huge biscuit fan, but these were by far the best I've ever had.  Huge, softball size, light, flaky, buttery.  And that jam . . . oh, my goodness, I HAVE to go back!!I almost shed a tear when I couldn't take home my leftovers, there was no where to stash them for the 5 hour drive home.  Whaw, whaw, whaaaaawn.Next time . . . I will not wait until the last morning of my trip to go back!  As a matter of fact, we may just have to hit Hash House a Go Go on the way into Vegas next time!!
4	They bake the bacon INTO the waffles.INTO. THE. WAFFLES.Like cooked bacon, in the center of a waffle.I'm not kidding.Then they take FRIED CHICKEN and put it ON TOP of the waffles.Yeah. That's right.Bacon IN the waffles AND fried chicken ON TOP of the waffles.It's like heaven. But more like heaven wrapped in bacon, and everything is better when wrapped in bacon.The yummy Bloody Mary's really made my mid-morning! And I can genuinely say that the Bloody Mary's were quality, since I tried like 3 or 4 of them out.I hate to do it, but I have to ding this place one star, bacon chicken waffles or not, for the horribly lazy table service. Boo bad service. Everybody else had to help us since we saw our waitress exactly twice: she took our order and dropped off our food.But, damn...those chicken and waffles were fantastic!
5	BACON IN THE WAFFLE!!genius. its our new tradition now, every time we come to vegas we gotta eat here for breakfast. dont mind the 45 min wait, its well worth it : )
3	I liked my meal here and there were so many awesome-sounding things on the menu that I am definitely going to go back. I wanted to preface this review by giving an overall positive comment despite my somewhat low rating.Today was my first trip. I ordered Andy's Sage Fried Chicken with bacon mashed potatoes, eggs, and a biscuit. The biscuit was decent, the eggs were pretty standard, the potatoes were ok, and the chicken was absolutely mind-blowing. If you like fried chicken, your only complaint might be that it was a boneless breast, but otherwise it was amazing. There was also a lot of fluff on the plate - a big watermelon wedge, an unripe strawberry, and some thin crunchy straw-like things that really did nothing but get in the way.Epic portions, lots of dishes I want to try, and apparently since I didn't get the bacon waffles, I missed out. I'm going back, but if this place didn't get so many other positive reviews, I wouldn't go back to give it another try.
4	Went for breakfast our first morning in Vegas. It wasn't at all what I expected: way more upscale and funky looking (I was expecting dive). either way the menu had all sorts of interesting options, and the portion sizes coming out of the kitchen were enough to feed a large invading army on a single order. Good lord!Based on recommendations here I had the BACON IN THE WAFFLES!!!!OMG!!!!11111111one.Honestly though, it was just ok. The waffle was very dense and they didn't provide enough butter or maple syrup to start. Kudos on serving real maple syrup though!
5	I went here on a recent Las Vegas vacation, because I had seen it on Man Vs Food. Portions are HUGE...go here HUNGRY! Quality is NOT sacrificed in the quantity. Every bite is delicious. Funky farm food and new twists on old favorites is the best way to describe the food. Their location at the M resort is also very nice.
4	I have eaten here more than a few times and most of the times it's real good. There is already alot of info about this place on yelp so I'll give you my favorites. The chicken and waffles are awesome as you probably have read and the meatloaf sandwich is fantastic too. It's two big slices of great meatloaf with roasted tomatoes and smoked mozzarella on this great sliced and toasted up milk bread. The crab cake dinner is good too. I like crap cakes but they are always small so I thought I would get it here because I was sure the portion would be generous, boy was I right. Don't quotes me on this but I think they give you TWO six ounce crab cakes with mashers and all other kinds of stuff, I was stuffed and it was delicious.
5	I just want to come back to vegas for this place.Dang.Just order the chicken and waffles.  You won't finish but man it tastes so good going down...Juicy chicken, great tasting bacon in the waffles...
4	Sooo yummy!  The portion sizes were huge.  Definitely consider sharing.  Not too impressed with the $2.50 sharing fee though.  Overall, food was excellent quality everything was delicious.
4	A friend was visiting so we took him here.  This time, there was a 30 minute wait, and it took a while for our orders to come again (but since  I expected that on a Saturday, I wasn't so upset this time). Besides, just order a delicious Blood Mary and you'll be perfectly satiated until the food comes.  We ordered a couple dishes to share, and our friend was skeptical that it would be enough food.  I wish I took a picture of his expression when the Andy's Sage Chicken Benedict was set on the table. I had been raving about this dish, and once again, it did not disappoint.  Three of us polished off this plate easily.  You just can't go wrong with this item. We also shared the Brown Sugar Banana Flap Jacks which bigger than the actual plate is was served on.  And upon first bite- I was in heaven.  It is sooo delicious.  The crispy brown sugar pieces combined with the ripe banana is a flavor explosion.
5	(Also located in Imperial Palace and M-Resort)Unreal probably in my top 5-10 places I have ever eaten. The fried chicken benedict is devilish and so perfect. The Chicken and Waffles is also really good except I prefer the benedict because the chicken has no bones in that. The portion are just unreal. No human can finish these portions regularly and really just plan on sharing it. I wish they had half size portions because I hate wasting food and I stop by usually for work luchches. So, good and can't wait to check out the one at the M resort.
5	After a long night of taking part in the night life of las vegas, my roommate and i were about as hungry as two young men could be. That morning i could have ate a horse and then still had room for dessert. My roommate said "it's a bit of a drive from north las vegas, but lets go to Hash House a Go Go". i told him most breakfast places are the same but i'll try it out. after a 30 minute drive down to Sahara i saw the crowd at 1pm on a saturday....packed to the gills with college students, business people enjoying their day off, and everyone in between trying to recover from the night before. The wait for a larger party would have taken 30-45 minutes but my party was for two so our wait was about 5-10 minutes. Our waitress came promptly and we were checked on just frequently enough to get any refills or to-go boxes (trust me, you'll need them). Looking at the prices on the menu, it looks like a trendy breakfast/brunch was about to cost me a pretty penny (12-17 dollars was the range for a meal.)  so i placed my order and started a conversation with my friend. not more than a minute or two later i had to stop and gaze in amazement at the portions coming out of this kitchen! burgers the size of whole melons, stacks of waffles 8 inches high, just an incredible bang for your buck. and if the food tasted anything like it looked i was in for a real experience. the food took a good amount of time to get there. but with how busy it was i really wasn't about to complain as they are only human.  I can safely say that my chorizo hash with biscuit was THE BEST BREAKFAST i've ever had in my life. i've been all over the world and this blows any breakfast out of the water. i finished just over half my portion before i had to tap out. and the quality of everything was amazing. the rolls are massive and to die for.
4	For the money, the food portions vs. cost it is a simple reason to make Hash house a stop on the to do list. Go-to the one off the strip it's rated a lot higher.The food is just as awesome as the drinks. Coffee choices here are amazing. The smores coffee is insane. House pressed apple and orange juices, and a lot more. Food on the other hand is amazing. Came in for a brunch and didn't really need to eat until 9pm , and yeah we came in around 11a. The eggs were prefect and so was the bacon but those are the easy things. I got french toast toped with a  grilled banana walnuts smothered in syrup, after recommendation by the server.The only thing i really didn't like was the banana on my toast. It was split and left with the peel on. I really was unsure about eating it. I tired a little of the whole banana peel and all, not too bad. With out it was the same, but i finished without the peel. But that didn't matter  the meal was awesome. The coffee left me buzzed for a hour which doesn't really happened too much.Though second best to Egg and I. And has nothing on my favorite place at home The Blue Moon cafe. But just be prepared to eat a lot, it was the first thing you notice about the place. Hell it was even the first thing our waiter told us.
4	GIANORMOUS portions!  I had the SageFried Chicken Eggs Benedict and hubby had the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles.  The layers of flavor explode in your mouth.  The syrup was fabulous, too.  I wonder if I could buy a vat of it!  There was a bit of a wait, but I guess the word is out that this place is phenomenal!  If you are in Vegas, make it a point to eat here at least once. You will not be disappointed!
5	Very delicious food...If you get a chance try the roasted chicken benedict.  Its not always on the menu according to the staff.  Good stuff.
5	I came here expecting gigantic portions of delicious food and Hash house did not disappoint. My recommendation: Share your entree with a friend and order one side dish to waive the dish splitting fee. My friend and I shared the chicken and waffles and got a side of fruit (just to be a little healthy). The Chicken and waffles were SO GOOD! The waffles were very dense and thick and they had strips of bacon baked INSIDE. Wow!! That's a genius idea!! The chicken was so crispy and tender; just perfect. They drizzled syrup over the entire plate which I thought was weird at first since I never thought that syrup and fried chicken would go together, but the pairing of the sweetness of the syprup and the salty chicken was just HEAVEN! Give this place a try! You'll see me back here trying all their other skillet delights!
2	With all of their hype from their appearance on "Man vs. Food", Hash House A Go Go is always busy during peak dining hours, especially breakfast. Because of that I've always tried to avoid eating there. I finally gave in the other day and stopped by for dinner, even though they're not know for their post-breakfast foods.We got there early and were seated right away, unfortunately at the crappiest table they had -- the table closest to the entrance and in a high-traffic area. We even asked the hostess if we could have a booth but she said she had to seat us at a table. Continuing with the bad service, our waiter decided not to show up at our table for a good ten minutes. Another fifteen minutes later we finally got some water, which prompted my wife to pull the hostess aside and politely ask her to move us or give us better service.After that, the service wasn't bad. Too bad we couldn't say the same about the food. Sure, the huge biscuits coated in honey were good, but the other two items we tried needed a lot of work. The crab cake chowder had a decent crab cake placed in the soup bowl -- not jumbo lump crab, just the shredded meat parts. The chowder was devoid of potatoes, had very little corn and was so thick that it was more pudding than soup.The roasted butternut squash with mushroom risotto was some of the most bland, unappealing risotto I've ever had and the flavor of the dish was completely over-powered by a heaping mound of sundried tomatoes. The lightly battered shrimp that was in the dish was decent and the asparagus may have been the best tasting thing on the plate.The presentation of the food is much more impressive than the taste. Clearly, in the case of the items I tried, it was quantity over quality. The amount of food is absurd and one appetizer and one entree could have been enough to feed four.Despite mediocre service and subpar food, the worst thing about HHAGG was the bathroom. It was about as dirty as a frat house on a Sunday morning -- trash and toilet paper all over the floor, floors that looked flooded from a backed-uped toilet, and the parts of the floor that weren't flooded were sticky like a movie theater floor.Hash House might be worth the wait for breakfast, but I would pass on dinner.
3	One of the rare spots I've experienced here in Vegas that totally reminded me of Hollywood/Los Angeles. Came here ona Sunday afternoon/Brunch and this place was Stuffed to the Rim! There was no line out the door but once I opened it, it was like New Year's Eve on the Vegas Strip! Well, it was nothing new to me as this is a common occurence in my  home town. The hostess tells us that the wait was gonna be around 45min - 1hr. So, I squeezed my  way to the bar and ordered the infamous brunch beverage - Mimosa. About 10 minutes later, I was still thirsty, so I ordered a Tangerine Mimosa. I never tried this combination before and I must say it was Awesome! Finally, get seated, about 40 minutes later, and by  this time I practically  memorized half the menu. Andy's Sage Fried Chicken..: Served on a Big plate, Stacked architecturally sound and I couldn't wait to have a bite! The chicken, bacon mashed potaotes, eggs, biscuit.. Everything just worked and was more than filling!French Toast: Another Enormous dish! Extra Thick bread with galloping amounts of pecan maple syrup and pieces of banana. It wasn't Great but not Bad either.Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade: Awesome combination and  came with a Fat slice of Watermelon as its garnish.Considering the long wait, the Alright tasting food, the Claim Jumper sized portions and the Great drinks.. I can't say I'd be back for a second round. I can only vouch for the generosity of food and the beverages at most..
5	Uniquely amazing!  Oakland needs one of these!
3	Decided to yelp for a good breakfast place while I was chilling at vegas and came across this place. It was a sunday morning about 10am and it was already super pack. It was about a 30 min wait. Which i thought for good food, should be worth the wait. Finally got in and everything look really good. All portions are huge! I end up ordering a original Benedict.I thought the food was good on presentation but the food was just okay for me. My order was kind of cold which I thought was a buzz kill. It wasn't even a little bit warm. I would think if it was nice and hot everything would have tastes great but I guess i would never know.
5	Wow, dragged my friends off the strip to come here as we retreated from Vegas with our tails tucked between our legs. Come to find out that they are indeed closed for Lunch!!! BEWARE CLOSED FOR lunch from 2:30-5PM!!!!Still the most delicious spot on or off the strip!
5	LOVE. LOVE this place! The serving sizes are huge and the food is awesome. The fried chicken and waffles exceed expectations. And Andy's sage fried chicken eggs benedict is a must try. It's always super packed in the mornings but worth the wait!
2	One of my favorite places to breakfast on the weekends in my hometown of San Diego is Hash House a Go-Go (or just plain Hash House to locals). Being in Las Vegas and knowing that Sin City has its very own Hash House (three in fact), there was no way I was going to miss a taste of home.Arriving at a time that would cause a 45 to 90 minute wait at the San Diego location, I was surprised to be told that I would be seated in between 15 and 20 minutes. Happily taking my pager, I shuffled off to wait and in due course was buzzed.Setting my sights on a "Campfire s'mores" mocha ($7) which arrived in an over-sized cup (visibly cracked as seen in the picture) topped with gooey, charred marshmallows, chocolate syrup and Graham crackers.The first spoonful was thick with marshmallowy goodness and its smokey, crunchy crust brought me immediately back to childhood outings in the woods by the campfire, roasting s'mores with family and friends. If the coffee itself had been better, this mocha would have been perfect but it falls just short of the mark.Having had many of the offerings on the standard menu over the years, I decided I'd order one of the brunch specials. The Nappanee hash ($14.95) with fresh tomatoes, green beans, marinated steak, smoked mozzarella and crispy potatoes was ordered and anticipated.Things began going pear shaped when I asked my server If I could add fresh roasted corn (available in the other brunch offering), to my hash and was told "the Chef can't guarantee the flavor profile if changes are made so we don't allow substitutions or additions." FAIL!In due course my server arrived clutching a medium sized cast iron skillet in a heavy oven mitt. What a great idea, the cast iron would keep my food hot and steamy while I enjoyed it...WRONG! The skillet seems to have been used solely for presentation and not preparation, it was stone cold and after a bite, I realized temperature of my meal was not far off. FAIL!The "marinated steak" was a perfectly cooked medium but lacked flavor. The green beans, which I felt were a strange choice for a breakfast dish, were a bit too al dente and the whole skillet lacked seasoning. Curiously, the server pointed out the days freshly made strawberry citrus jam and asked if I would like butter to go with it and my buttermilk biscuit to which I replied "yes," but somehow said butter never materialized. FAIL!In all the meal was mediocre, there were several opportunities to meet or exceed expectations but none were taken advantage of.   The server could have noticed the large, clearly visible crack in my coffee mug,  If cast iron was to be used for presentation only, there's no reason it couldn't have been warmed so as to keep its contents at the desired temperature and  finally, when asked to add roasted corn to the dish, the server could have suggested i have it on the side instead of basically telling me the Chef understands my palate better than I do.I have a warm place in my heart for Hash House a Go Go and have recommended breakfast/brunch there to many friends and acquaintances alike, I can only hope that this particular meal was an aberration.
3	Our local friends brought us here for a group breakfast and it was definitely worth the wait - terrific menu with unique foods, huge portions as  mentioned in so many other posts. Definitely a great place to come with a group, especially since there were so many items worth sharing.The wait can be a long one, so come prepared for that. The service was "ok", not bad considering how incredibly busy it was.
4	Hash House gets my 4 star rating, but just barely.  The food and service was okay, but extraordinary only in serving sizes.  While there I ate too much of a bacon, cheddar, and mashed potato (yes, mashed potatoes) 1/2 lb. burger.  It tasted good, but the experience was more a "I can't believe I am doing this" moment than anything else.  The fourth star from this review comes from one item alone, whose taste matched its size.  That item is the brown sugar and banana flapjack.  It was the biggest pancake I have ever seen in person, and it turns out also the best tasting.  The brown sugar crystallizes on one side to form a slightly crispy and sweet compliment to the banana.  Give it a try, but make sure someone in your party sticks to a breakfast item.  You can always bum a few bites off them if your dish isn't what you were hoping for.
4	Been here a few times now and all I can say is WOW! Everything is HUGE and extremely tasty. Ive tried the Fried Chicken and Waffles and the Fried Chicken Benedict. I LOVED the Benedict. it was an amazing blend of flavors. The staff is always very attentive and full of information. Definitely recommend this spot for anyone with a big appetite.
3	Came for breakfast and had to wait about 20 minutes for a table. It was definitely busy, with long lines of people waiting. I had the Brown Sugar Banana Pancakes, which were quite good. My companion had the Roasted Chicken Hash- it was huge! But it was also very dry. The portions were gigantic, but the food could have been better.The service was quick and efficient despite the crowds. The decor was a little lacking, and it was kind of loud inside. You could also smell some of the smoke that had drifted up from the casino.
5	A---MAZING!!!!  We stopped by this new place on the way back to LA from Vegas and holy crap are we happy we did.  The food is freaking ridiculously good.  The portions are insane!   Cannot recommend this place higher.  We loved it and will definitely be going back the next time we go to vegas.  We were super Impressed by the M Resort and this place.  LOVE IT
4	Oh man.  Andy's sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs.Eek!  How can you NOT fall in love?  They call this "twisted farm food."  And with menu items as interesting as this, you really can't help but get excited.  The fried chicken benefit was yummy and HUGE.  I had it for lunch and leftovers for lunch.  I also got to try some of hubby's "griddled french toast dipped in banana cinnamon cream w/ pecan maple syrup."  Like dessert!I hope I get to go back to try some more "twisted farm food!"
4	Food Like Woah, lines like Oh No!I bring out of town guests here who have seen the Las Vegas episode of Man V. Food, and they all LOVE it.  The JOHN GOODMAN-pre-weight loss-sized portions here are insane.  I always order the southern fried-chicken eggs benedict (the dish featured on Man V. Food).  It is rich, heavy, and comforting, just like Oprah.  Typically, be ready to wait when you come here. This place is no secret anymore.  The service has always been good, which is important for a restaurant that generally functions at capacity.  A good way to enjoy this spot is to sit in or at the bar where seats are first come/first served, and split an entree with a friend.  A better way though, is to just go nuts, order everything you're appetite desires, and schedule some time for a nap afterwards.
4	MY GOODNESS, this place is UBER busy. My friends and I went on a weekend around 12 PM. That was probably a HUGE mistake. There were so many people and they said the wait was well over an hour. I felt a bit sardined in there and the bar area was totally full. We decided to just order our food to go and to eat it in our hotel room. I really wanted to try this place after it was featured on Man vs. Food, but I did not have high expectations because of the fact that I have been disappointed by many places I have seen on food network/travel channel. To my surprise, I was not disappointed in the food, but I didn't care for the wait. Even though we ordered our food to go, it took a while to get it out, but I guess it is better than waiting for a table, ordering and waiting again for the food. So, there were 4 of us and we decided to get 2 dishes and split it. Thank goodness we did because those plates were GINORMOUS! We got the Griddled french toast dipped in banana cinnamon cream w/ pecan maple syrup ($12.95) and Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit ($15.95). Both were really good. The french toast was surprisingly light and not too sweet, which I liked. it was topped a banana what was sliced in half and grilled. It looked really pretty when we opened up the box. The sage chicken was amazing too. Fried well and really flavorful. It was a very heavy breakfast, but it didn't feel that heavy. I would totally go there again to try other things on the menu.
5	Breakfast is my favorite meal, so I expect alot.  Asked where the best place was to get breakfast and everyone steered us to the Hash House.  Too bad we did not know there was one down on the strip as well.  But turned out for the best as this location was close to Red Rock Mountains.  Food was unique, very tasty, and priced right.  Hot chocolate and the bannana french toast were great.  Very nice atmosphere, great waiter.   Definitely go back again.
5	First and last place to eat during our Vegas stay. All i have to say is bring an appetite and maybe some friends to help you finish off some plates with you.First time there I ate the Andy's sage fried chicken-chicken was tender and delicious and again the portion...HUGE!The second time going there i tried the smoked salmon benedict -lightly smoked salmon over house mashed potatoes, homemade biscuits and a creamy sauce, again delicious and HUGE.Couple of my friends also tried the pork tenderloin benedict and Andy's fried chicken and waffles; i was a able to try both and they were great.I will be going to Hash House during my next stay in Vegas for sure.
3	Like most folks, I saw the Man vs. Food special and had to go for the fried chicken benedict. Was smart enough to share it with my Mama Bear...Fried chicken was delicious. I wasn't a big fan of the chipotle cream and was eying my cousin's country gravy. Wait can be long especially on the weekends. But, for our party of 4 and baby, we waited less than 30 minutes.
4	One of the best things about Las Vegas!  Do yourself a favor...get away from the terrible strip buffets and go here!
4	I'm definitely a fan of the food, but not a fan of the wait! That being said, unless you're an early riser, be prepared to sit OR stand because their waiting area fills up quick.On to the food, breakfast specifically.....It's your typical favs.... (the " * " denotes mine!)~Benny's *~Hash *~Bacon/sausage & eggs~Chicken & waffles (bacon waffles) **~Pancakes (LARGER than your face) ***  =)~French Toast ***  =)~Giant BISCUITS~Specialty coffee drinks **~Yummy OJ~The service is great......and my favorite place to sit is in the bar!I'm a fan, no question about that,  but unfortunately I'm not able to get there often enough.  Usually when the thought crosses my mind, it's far too late in the day to go because I know the wait  will be the death of my blood sugar!  =(
2	Well, 5 stars if quantity is all you care about.  But, for me, it makes me feel queasy.  But, maybe this is what America is all about - stuff your face so your bottom can't even fit into the booths anymore.The plates are massive here.  But, it'd be more appropriate to serve it in troughs and have the tables raised up so you don't have to move your arms or head as much.  Is it impressive to slop on a massive amount of food and call that your specialty?  Maybe, if you're the kind of person that is disappointed by an all you can eat because they don't have enough food for you.I had the tractor breakfast.  2 eggs?  Maybe ostrich eggs.  And "a" flapjack, which was the size of a pizza.  I have 2 stars simply because I was impressed that they managed to cook the whole thing, and because it did actually taste alright.I threw up a little bit in my mouth while having to recount this episode of my life, but I hope it was worth it, so that you could avoid going here, so that you don't have to live through having more slop placed in front of you and that that 70% won't be thrown into the compost.
4	I recently saw a cable show where a limousine company turned a Ferrari into a limo.  It had never been done before. Frankly, it was preposterous. One of the guys interviewed said their biggest challenge was finding a way to make the supercar a stretch limo while maintaining the driving characteristics of a Ferrari. And somehow, they did it.  Although a bit less of an engineering challenge, the folks at Hash House A-Go-Go construct entrees that ride this fine line between quality and mega size.Featured on the Travel Channel's Man v. Food, Hash House specializes in their self-proclaimed "twisted farm food," basically jumbo-sized offerings and off-beat interpretations of traditional American favorites.  While their "twisted" fare is available at breakfast, lunch, and dinner, they're probably best known for their breakfast.  We visited the day after Thanksgiving around 10:30a and had a predictably long wait (45-50 mins). Consistent with the rebel streak they're going for, walls at their Sahara Ave. location are adorned with diamond plate textured metal and large nuts and bolts. The industrial look suggests that guys into bikes and hot rods would feel right at home.We ordered their signature Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and Tractor Driver Special with Mango Coconut Pancakes (and for the record, it was my petite wife who chose to order the benedict). There's no denying the benedict was a monstrosity: a layer of biscuits, mashed potatoes, scrambled eggs, smoked bacon, tomato, mozzarella, and spinach TOPPED with fried chicken and generous amounts of their chipotle cream (gravy). And because anything this big merits a tree-topper, they plant a long sprig of fresh sage right on top.  Good grief.  I have to say my initial impression was genuine awe with undertones of mild disgust. This was clearly a dream for anyone who derives regular enjoyment from KFC's "famous bowls." Pushing past our bizarre feelings of hunger laced with nausea, Dorothy and I started picking at the gravy-laden structure. And to our surprise, there were some nice flavor combinations depending on where you chose to bury your fork. The fried chicken itself was done well--crispy with nice chunks of moist white meat. Combined with a bite of potato and gravy, the chicken evoked a holiday meal more than it did breakfast. The chipotle cream had a nice hint of smokiness, but as it cooled down, the self-hatred to taste ratio definitely increased.  Only lacking tomato sauce and the fact it wasn't tossed into the air at any point during its life cycle, my pancake was basically a medium to large-sized pizza. Once again, I was pleasantly surprised, particularly by the lack of any "doughiness," or uncooked batter. The pancake itself wasn't the best I've had, but it was adequately fluffy and a solid effort, bolstered by generous chunks of fresh juicy mango and shredded coconut. Not bland, but not too sweet, some pieces of cake could be eaten without syrup. My eggs were soft scrambled just right, and the sausage links plump and tasty (I've found that a decent test of a cook's competency with eggs is to order them soft scrambled; not having them overcooked or gushing of yolk requires just a bit of care and timing). The Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade was a nice way to top things off--tasty and refreshing, but lacking any heavily-syruped sweetness.               It goes without saying that visits to these kinds of restaurants require a pre-meal regimen of a week-long fast, meditation, and a check-up with your doctor.  I think a regular visit would risk a gross-out burn-out.  Although, glancing at the scrambles and other egg dishes of our fellow patrons, it seems that slightly more modest meals are possible.  I've noticed a number of folks complaining about the price, which is perplexing. While the benedict cost $15.95 and the pancacke combo $14.95 (both at the top of their breakfast price scale), I'd point out that you're actually getting about $15.95 and $14.95 worth of food when ordering these dishes.  Each dish could easily feed two hungry human beings.  Sure, maybe they could drop a buck or so off the price, but if you're ever in L.A., go somewhere other than Denny's for breakfast. Double-digit fru-fru breakfasts are everywhere here, some with decent quality, but typically with a quarter of Hash House's portion size.  We have ample experience being ripped off at breakfast places, and Hash House isn't one of them.    A lunch at Hash House is probably in store for our next visit to Vegas.  I'll probably try the "Kokomo," the benign moniker for what looks to be another guilt-ridden meal in the form of a meatloaf sandwich. It's probably a good thing we don't get out to Vegas too often these days. Like the city itself, Hash House is a spectacle incompatible with daily living.
5	Craving breakfast, well you've come to  the right place. Here, it has become a landmark for all to must try. The hot drinks are delicious (s'more mocha) and the portions are big (BIG)
5	There's a reason why Hash House has so many reviews....first awesome thing is that they're off the strip.  Although a taxi drive is necessary to get here...its so worth it.  The photos really say it all.  Massive massive portions.  Honestly, you can split an order between 3 people.  The benedict was fantastic and the chicken and waffles were awesome.  The bacon was actually cooked inside the waffle...sweet!!  No complaints here....the food was massive and flavorful and the decor is very eclectic.  I'll definitely be hitting this place up every time i'm making a ruckus in Vegas.
4	We were starving after a long trip and a time change.... at 2:00 in the afternoon we stubbled into this place. Split one of the amazing burgers! It was awesome. Probably the best burger Ive eaten next to the one up in Keene NH (which was made from local beef and pannani pressed). We got the cheddar, smoked bacon and avacado burger. HUGE! split it and couldn't finish it! Very friendly service, fun beer selections. Cool decor. Didn't try the hash but looks like everything is freshly made. Stop by, I bet you'll be happy.
3	We showed up around noon and there was a one hour wait. I had high expectations and it was a bit of a let down. I had the sage fried chicken with biscuit and scrambled eggs. My eggs were drowning in maple syrup and the biscuit was hard and dry, but the chicken was juicy and flavorful. I don't think I would go back again.
2	Hash House is probably the most overrated joint in town. It's similar to Claim Jumper in the fact they have HUGE portions. The food is hit or miss. I only enjoy this place for breakfast. I've never over thrilled with dinner options.  The chicken and waffles is the best breakfast item, but you fell like a fatty eating it. And you will spend the next two days finishing it. I had high hopes for this place, but it just feel flat. The hostesses were rude and impatient. Service has always been impeccable.The few things I like are their drink options. Their mimosas are out of this world, the s'mores mocha is genius (how has no major coffee house thought of this concoction?), and in the Summer time a watermelon lemonade hits the spot.I often wish they had a little walk-up window (ala Serendipity 3) and I could just order a beverage and get food elsewhere.Note that the breakfast wait is long and you cannot be sat until your until your entire party is there.
5	Food was as good as it gets! We ate at the bar bc we came in during Sunday brunch.  Food came at a decent time and they even refilled our drinks after we wer done eating. This is as good as it gets with large tasty portions and efficient service!
4	If you love big portions then your in the right place. The wait for a 2 person table did suck though. My wife had the huge BLT, it the best BLT i have ever eaten. I had the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict. Man Vs. Food really hyped this dish up. It was good but i thought the chicken was not seasoned enough. Next time I am in Vegas I will probably go back and try out the chicken and bacon waffles.
5	Granted the timing of my visit could not have been more ideal - the day after running a marathon (read: Monday) at 8am.  No line, super service, and enough awesome food to replenish the previous day's ridiculous caloric expenditure.We had specialty drinks all around, including the Oreo mocha (so good my non-coffee fan husband sucked the whole thing down), banana latte (delish!), and a blueberry lemonade that my dad loved.The food portions are epic.  The selections are creative and oh-so-tasty that it'll kill you to not be able to finish.  Most of the breakfast items strike me as superb hangover/post mass alcohol consumption delights (fitting for any LV breakfast haunt), but are still well-suited for a non-inebriated experience as well.The scramble with the salmon and brie was amazing.  The crispy potatoes are quite good, but the griddled mash puts up a darn good fight.  The chicken and waffles are more of a visual novelty, but are still pretty good.  They had an awesome special scramble that included a delicious lump crab cake on top - total yum!
3	I was so hyped up about this place. So we decided to take a 15 minute drive off the strip to try this mo fo. We get there and we have to wait over an hour. Finally, we get seated, server was rude. Food took another 30 minutes for the food to come out. I order the sage fried chicken and waffles.. chicken was dry... waffles had barely enough syrup. But it was tasty, but not worth the wait or price. For those of you that have been to Roscoes.... that's the place for chicken and waffles.
3	When people say that you get generous portions, they are not lying.  You get serving trays for your personal orders.  So, we definitely had too much food, since there were six of us eating there.  I ended up ordering the HH Original Benedict.  And it was pretty darn good...though the sauce covered up most things in its taste.  I could barely taste the bacon, and forget even tasting the green fix-ins.  However, I could overshadow that with the fact that it was yummy sauce.  Our server was awesome, and a real friendly guy.  He didn't even bat an eyelash when we all used twitter to get a free drink (Mango Iced Tea, that day).  He also encouraged a friend in his Man v. Food challenge.For the most part, it was darn good.  Even though it did feel like you ingested an entire loaf of meat and potatoes afterward. I didn't see any of the long lines, but we went on a Tuesday at 11am.  I just wish I had enough room to try out their bread pudding!
3	EVERYONE strokes this place, being from san diego and living here now and knowing they have locations only here and there i decided to try it 3 times.  Still dont think the quality is all that good and over priced.$5 for a juice seriously?  Juice, apple?  This aint no Super Acai fresh squeezed juice.  ITs apple juice for 5 bucks.  Long waits also.  If you can get there early without a wait, its a good place time to time as the menu is eclectic but never tastes as good as it sounds.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with this place. That's why it's taken me so long to write a review. I debated between a 3 and 4 star rating. I really could use that 1/2 star right about now! Everyone seems to love to come here. My first encounter with HHAGG was in San Diego, about 5 or 6 years ago. I was impressed by the portions, decor and service, but not the flavors. I hate to say it, but that trend has continued since going to the one here in Vegas as well. I understand the appeal and I don't hate the fact that everyone I know likes to frequent this place for special occasions or lunch. There are definitely some appetizing things on the menu, I'm just not a devotee. Although I won't put up a fight if my friends want to go. Most of the food is just ok. I think the problem I have with most of their dishes is that there are just too many flavors going on. You can't taste the actual food. Also, a lot of their proteins (chicken, pork, beef) are overcooked and dry.  It's all concept and no execution as far as most of the dishes go. The food is just very regular, despite the enormous portions and spectacular presentation. One thing I enjoy at HHAGG is the breakfasts. I enjoy the hashes and scrambles quite a bit, so if you're going to come, come for breakfast or brunch. There drinks are quite good and pretty as well. At the very least, the food is very photogenic!
4	I've been to the Hash House in San Diego (where it originated), and the one in Vegas is definitely on par.Be prepared with large portions (their pancakes are the size of medium-sized pizzas), order their fried chicken (so tender, crispy and amazing), and make sure you have a side of mashed potatoes instead of the crispies because there's a bunch of goodness (i.e. onions, bell peppers) in the mashed potatoes!The one puzzling thing is - why is this restaurant in the Imperial Palace?
4	It's a great place for breakfast. Esp. if you want to get away from the strip and have a decent meal. The portion sizes are huge, so bring an appetite. I'm soo willing to go here again.
4	Really enjoyed it. I got the basic breakfast which was so big I did not eat again until 9:30 that night, and we also got the eggs benidict AMAZING!!!!!
5	I was turned on to this by the show 'Man vs. Food' I got the plate Adam got, I'm sure I'm saying it wrong but it was the Sage Chicken Benedict. I didn't want to leave that place. Fun, cool., friendly staff, great environment, fair prices,  grand portions, and fresh fantastic food.  Be sure to bring your apettite and some patience,  it's not wonder that place gets packed.It is on my must do list when I visit LV from now on.sorry to bite you Adam "but in this battle, man won!"
5	After keeping myself alive on a steady diet of strip buffets and large amounts of liquor, I wanted to fill up on something delicious before heading back home.  The last time I came to Vegas, we'd wanted to try this place but the wait was long and we were all cranky and bitchy, so I knew this was the day!  We were determined.We woke up at 8am feeling like a train had run us over, repeatedly.  Starved, we headed towards Hash House a Go Go, conveniently located about 5 miles from our hotel.  When we got there, there was a fifteen minute wait for a table, or we could sit at the bar right away.  We opted to wait for a table while we looked at the menu.  I was hesitant about ordering the fried chicken Benedict just because it was on man vs food, but it genuinely sounded freaking awesome, so we did.My friend and I split the damn thing, and we still didn't finish our portion.  I believe it consisted of a biscuit, tomato, fresh spinach, eggs, bacon, fried chicken, griddled cheese (oh my god, griddled cheeeese), topped with chipotle sauce, on a bed of mofuggin potatoes! Shiiiiiiiiiiit.  I think I just came.From arrival to consumption of said chicken benedict, we were only there for about an hour, which was great considering I was expecting to be waiting for at least one.  When we headed out the door I heard someone say there was an almost hour wait.  So I'd suggest if you're planning on heading home early or managing your time for whatever reason, go early!  The food was delicious (seriously deserving of a five) and everything else on the menu looked just as good.
3	Came here as the last great meal to be had in Vegas. Also because my sister saw it on Man Vs. Food.Came around 1PM, had to wait for 20-30 minutes to be seated. Once we were seated, took about thirty to forty minutes to order our food and have it served; needless to say I was starving by the time the food actually arrived at our table. Shared the HH Meatloaf Hash with my sister while our friend got the famous Chicken & Waffles. They make every single dish completely aesthetically pleasing, but as for the taste, it was lacking.The meatloaf chunks were a tad spongey, I was disappointed that it didn't have a thicker, tastier gravy. The potatoes were a bit dry but the cheese & spinach they used was really tasty. I only tried a bit of the chicken & waffles. The chicken was good, but again, a bit dry. Same sad story with the waffles. Also found it odd that you had to ask for butter and syrup for the waffles.I want to try this place again because I believe it could be/is amazing, maybe I just need to order something different. I definitely wanna try their pancakes next time.Overall, this place is a bit on the expensive side (our friend ordered a large OJ & it was $6) but it's good for splitting something with a friend. Your best bet would probably be to go for a sweeter dish rather than a savory one.Tips:- If you're splitting a dish with someone, order a side & they won't charge you the extra $2.50 split fee.- They give you a free daily house drink if you tweet "I'm eating breakfast/lunch/dinner at Hash House"
5	I went on Christmas eve and really didn't know what to expect since it was my first time. I have read the reviews on Yelp and I have to say they do give you a lot of food, but it is also a good meal as well. I had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Bendict. It is a split biscuit on top on mashed potatoes. The biscuit is topped with spinach, tomatoes, scrambled eggs, fried chicken breast and topped with a chipotle dressing. This dish is massive and it looks like everything but the kitchen sink was thrown into this dish, but for all the ingredients that are combine here, it works. The flavors compliment each other very well. It was recommended by Adam Richman, who host Man vs Food on the Travel Channel. A very good recommendation. My wife asked if I would have the dish again and the answer is "hell yes!" I would like to try some of the other dishes on the menu. There is a wide range to choose from. Make sure to bring your appetite.
4	Food: 4.5/5Decor: 4.5/5Price: 5/5Service: 5/5Overall: 4.5/5Two words - HUGE portions. I had the chicken and waffle plate which was huge. It came with 5-6 large waffles with 2 boneless deep fried chicken. The meal was more than enough as I managed to finish the chicken along with three waffles. One thing about the waffle is that it's stuffed with a strip of bacon which made it more flavor-able. The service overall was excellent! I would highly recommend going to Hash House Go Go Cafe even though it's about 8 miles from the strip.
4	Was in Vegas and stopped in after reading all the reviews, the food and staff were great, the portions were very large.  Good idea to share a meal.Had a Bloodymary it was the best i've had in a while.  a must have
3	It's true. This place has HUGE portions.. so if you are a fan of eating plenty, by all means indulge... You definitely should split with someone else though.. especially for the budget conscious. I got the Chicken and Waffles, and it was pretty dry. I guess I was expecting too much? My cousin tried the Milfried Chicken Sandwich... meh. the bread was so thick and it actually hurt his jaw to chew it. My other cousin got the salmon... big mistake. This was the one thing that they skimped out on..My uncle got the Chicken Benedict, and this was honestly my favorite dish. I was almost gonna get it, but i always try to get different dishes from others (that way I could try theirs... :D)Oh, and Idk what i was thinking getting a caramel mocha. I must've been tired? but it was hot, and I didn't read the menu right.. so my cousin who ordered the salmon took it along with several bites of all our meals.Don't get the salmon. The Sage Fried Chicken Benedict is your best bet, everything else is just ok.Oh, and my cousin also got a Mojito... sucks. I had the best one i'd ever tasted in Korea, and this one let me down.3 stars. Womp womp..
5	I absolutely LOVED this place!  I'm actually have withdrawals!  My husband got the Andy Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and I got the French Toast and they were both amazing!!  Huge portions especially for kids.  My kids could've split a children's breakfast.  They also had freshly squeezed orange juice.  The prices were well priced for the amount they give you but if you're not interested in paying more than $15 for a plate or $5 for a tall glass of real OJ than it's not for you!  :)
1	Huge portions? How about delusions of grander; delusions that the food is unique and good for starters. This place is a con job from beginning to end. They serve the food in over sized plates and stack the meat on top of the French toast and people seem to think they are getting something worthwhile. Its beyond lame. My friend ordered a "sirloin" and when it arrived it was about 1/4 cup of meat and the rest cheese and undercooked potatoes. The pancakes were tough and the wait was insane. $46.00 for breakfast food, long waits and a broken bathroom. Sticking a twig of rosemary on the food does not make it gourmet, just goofy. Maybe if you have never had really good "farm" food, you will enjoy. Otherwise, do NOT believe the hype. Its bizzaro world in this place.
2	WOW!  Can we say BIG FAT DISAPPOINTMENT??The first time I tried to line up here, they said it would be a 1.5 hour long wait.  Good thing we decided to go elsewhere because if I waited 1.5 hours to eat Hash House, I would have been even more upset.The second time I came back, we were seated within 15 minutes.  Outside, you see pictures of celebrities that have eaten at Hash House.  The main reason I decided to visit Hash House was because of the raving reviews Adam Richman gave on Man vs. Food.  Adam, your credibility is seriously on thin ice with me after my experience here.Hash House is located inside the Imperial Palace hotel along the strip.  Is it just me or does this place feel cold and unclean?  Service here was also iffy.  It took our waitress a while for her to come over and take our drink orders and the restaurant wasn't even full.  She also disappeared at the end of our meal after she dropped off our check.  Then, she charged us an extra $2.50 for a split plate!  Ridiculous.  If I could give a negative star on service, I would.Hash House is all presentation.  Their dishes come out looking massive!  Andrew D. and I ordered the chicken eggs benedict and I was SERIOUSLY disappointed.  Eggs benedict is my FAVORITE breakfast meal, but the dish SERIOUSLY lacked flavor and kick.  I was waiting for my taste buds to be stimulated, but alas, it was bland.  I ended up having to season the thing to the best of my ability with the tabasco sauce, ketchup and black peppers we had at the table.Our whole group left feeling unsatisfied and a little bitter for having to waste our money on this place.  IIII felt bad also for making the group come back not ONCE, but TWICE to give it a try.Do yourself a favor and find another place to have breakfast at.  Hash House is all talk and no flavor.
5	HUGE portions, delicious food. I had the snickers flapjack and the boo had the chicken and waffles. Long wait but well worth it! Only a few minutes from the strip and was featured on Man Versus Food - SQUEE!
3	Very Big portions I suggest you to share a plate..We had the Chicken & waffles... The waffles had bacon stuffed inside, The chicken was perfect!
5	After seeing a review of Hash House A Go Go, aka Twisted Farm Food, on the Travel Channel, my husband and I knew that we had to pay this place a visit on our next trip to Vegas.We chose the Sahara location as we wanted a more "mom&pop" experience as opposed to dining in a casino ( additional location in the Imperial Palace). We had a wait of about 45 minutes on a Sunday afternoon and was treated very nicely by the host staff.Once seated, we were amazed at the platters that were coming out of the kitchen! Everyone was taking pics of their food and people watching is the state of the atmosphere, so if you're bothered by people looking at you and your food, this may not be the place for you. Sometimes, people will even take pics of another table's food, it's that amazing!!!Other reviewers have stated that the portion sizes are embarrassing, but, hey! that's why we came here...for something different, memorable, a little bit crazy!!! If I want run of the mill, I'd go to Denny's ... (boo)I had originally ordered a soda but quickly added a S'Mores Latte when my "neighbor" at the next table had their's delivered...yummy over-sized chocolate latte teeming with roasted marshmallow topping and chocolate drizzle...add some graham crackers to dip and it's practically breakfast in it's own right!!!My husband ordered the Sage Chicken Benedict while I ordered the French Toast. The french toast is dipped in a banana creme batter and is served up with a griddled banana. The dish was tasty and filling, but I admit I was a bit envious of my hubby's platter which was overflowing with the most flavorful and juicy chicken dish I have ever had...I wish I would have talked him out of more than the few bites that I did...it was so good!We have another location in SoCal and will plan a visit there soon with friends...the prices are a bit steep, but you get plenty for the price!!!
2	I was REALLY looking forward to this... I was.  I got super excited when I saw the restaraunt.com coupons out there for them and even plotted a time that I figured they wouldn't be too busy so that I could sneak in with my family and get a nice dinner.  So we show up at 530p on Saturday and the place was absolutely empty.  Sat down and were promptly waited upon.  Made my selection of the tenderloin at the top of the menu and my wife had the butternut squash (she's nutso for squash).  Waiter arrives about 5 minutes later with HUGE biscuits with honey.  Great!!  It went downhill from there.When the entrees arrived, all I can say is HOLY &%^$, those are huge portions.  But what they make up for in volume is the huge blandness and poor flavoring.  The tenderloin had an orangish/brown sauce that had zero redeeming value and it was rather thick and gloppy.  There was melted cheese in the mashed potatoes that was like a nasty skin.  The tenderloin was a little overcooked.  My wife said her squash had no real interesting flavor, just seemed baked and the risotto inside was just very average.  However, we did have enough to take home to feed a small family.Nice people, huge portions, but nothing really great.
4	Would have a had a 5-star if the wait and service was better.Food is amazing. They deliver on the twisted farm food promise.  The fried sage fried chicken and the chicken and waffles were very impressive.
4	Only come here for lunch or breakfast.  I made the mistake of going for dinner and it was horrible.  I remember ordering some fish dish and it came with a grassland on top of it.  I felt like i was eating the fish straight up on the floor of a savannah.  However, i did come for lunch and had the chicken and waffles.  I dunno if Snoop Dogs ever been here but I'm sure he'd agree that the chicken n waffles are BOMB DIGITY.The portions are a bit ridiculous but it goes with their theme.  I ate half the meal and it still looked like it was untouched.Service was good and quick, all the staff was very friendly.  I would definitely come back and recommend anyone to try it if they haven't.
5	Simply a must stop every time I visit Las Vegas. Top quality food without none of the bad ingrediants typically in alot of the strip restuarants. The food will revitalize you, specialty the fresh squeezed juice.
5	Went to this spot because of recommendations from a few different people.  We got there at 7:45 am and by 8 the place was packed!  Clean place and nice, friendly wait staff.... and delicious food........ in fact, the food was so fucking awesomely delicious that my taste buds had multiple orgasms during my meal.  I ordered the chicken and waffles.  I was kinda expecting to get the Roscoe's style chicken n waffles (which I also love).... but it was totally different.  They brought out my plate with a huge piece of chicken sitting on top of four big bacon waffles... yup that's right, BACON WAFFLES.  They actually had slices of bacon going through the middle of the waffles. I didn't read that part on the menu, so that was the best surprise a chicken n waffles dish could offer.  I mean who doesn't love bacon?!And the portions were HUGE.  Go to this place hungry.And if you have Twitter, tweet that your eating there (@HashHouseLV) and you get a free drink!Hash House A Go Go is a must!!!!!
5	Wow!  Simply amazing.  We saw this place on Man vs. Food on NYE.  We figured that we MUST go the next day.  It was packed, but the wait wasn't that bad.  By far it was the best breakfast I have ever had.  I ate the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  My buddy had the Fried Chicken and waffles.  (They cook bacon in thier waffles)  WOW so imaginative, so tasty, so amazing!  When are they opening in LA?
4	The presentation of the food was excellent, the service was great, and the food was good.  The food portion is massive, so make sure you have an empty stomach before you eat here.
4	Next time I visit Hash House, I will make sure I will be in town that night, so that I may nap after eating and drinking my brunch. This location is off the strip, with easy access parking and REALLY GOOD Coffee! Most diners have so-so coffee, but Hash House A Go Go serves Lavaza Drip Coffee and Espresso drinks, with alcohol added, if you so desire. Everything ordered was yummy. My friend ordered the Tractor Driver Combo with french toast. I generally despise banana toppings, but enjoyed the sliced fried bananas on top, which I have named "better than bananas."  The best parts of my Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict were the crispy fried mashed potatoes, and the chipotle hollandaise sauce. Mixed together, they were better than bacon! (And I reeeeally love bacon!) I am not a big fan of fried chicken, so while I did appreciate the quality of Hash House's chicken, I would recommend a different Benedict dish for non chicken lovers. A couple friends shared tales of long waits and mediocre service at the Imperial Palace location, however, we received excellent service with no wait at this location...around noon.  I shall return!
5	What can I say...HASH HOUSE is how breakfast should be! Big portions, great flavor! The corn beef hash is excellent! Fresh ingredients, savory corn beef, and most of all the size of this thing makes this an excellent choice for breakfast. You wont have to eat until dinner time! Everyone should pay this place a visit...if you want a sample of what you can get, check out Man v. Food  and you'll see what I'm talking about.
5	When you come here make sure the first thing you order is the Kiwi Watermelon lemonade. I will guarantee that it is the best lemonade that you have ever and will ever had/have. Along with my lemonade I decided to get the highly raved Sage's Fried Chicken and Waffles. This meal was so huge and delicious. I can not wait to go back to Hash a go go and get the lemonade and try another great meal.
4	So much food!  but soooooo good!During lunch time, there is a long wait.  I tried their chicken and waffles.  There is bacon within the waffles!!!  SO GOOD!
4	oh my yum!! There really isn't much to say about this place that hasn't been said already...huge portions that taste FANTASTIC! Hell of a wait on Sunday mornings but it was well worth it for my bacon waffles.
2	After 600+ reviews, I'm still going to review it for myself. Firstly, I was royally pissed when we came and was denied seating until our whole party was there. This I would understand if it was busy, or a weekend, or whatever - not a Wednesday morning when more than half the place is empty. So after waiting for our friends we go BACK up and get seated. I was getting the shakes by then bc I needed food so bad and just ordered and waited. Really couldn't care less about the place until I got my food. Ordered an Apple Juice for my drink and it was really good. It tasted like it was freshly pressed. The order came and yes, it was huge, but stop looking at the size people and realize that they put almost 2in high of mashed potatoes under EVERYTHING. Oh, and one thing I wasn't happy about, they don't list what is actually on/in the dish. They didn't mention that it had a type of salsa on top, or that it was on top of mashed potatoes. What if I had an allergy??? Not good!So anyway, yes portions were HUGE, but frankly I've had better. Maybe it was just what I ordered, but I won't exactly be rushing to this place anytime soon.
4	HOLY COW! The portions here are ginormous! I ate like a pig, but felt like a cow. I guess that's keeping with the farm theme. The first time I ate here I had the corned beef hash. Freakin' bomb. I've recommended it to two other people and it was a hit for both of them! This time around I had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, which was pretty good too. I'm not going to go into it because other people have described it thoroughly. It really looks like a hot mess and I'm sure some Top Chef judge would probably be appalled by the busyness of the dish. I think all food groups were covered in this dish. Thought I could tackle this thing, but only ate half. You'd probably have to share this meal with someone or you'll end up with leftovers (which isn't always a bad thing!) The mango coconut pancake is something that I probably will have every time I eat here. When I told our server that I was ordering it for my three year-old, she said, "It's pretty huge." I replied, "Yup, we're sharing it!" Even though it was a shared piece, we still went home with half of it. I failed to mention that perhaps the main reason why I couldn't eat all of my food was because I had a Blood Mary. It's definitely a meal in itself. It was sinfully good and perfectly balanced. Wished I could've taken my leftover drink with me:D If you're going to eat here, make sure you come with an empty stomach and loose pants!!
2	I'm sure HH-a-go-go is capable of delivering a positive experience in both the food and service categories. Unfortunately, when my girlfriend and I had breakfast there over MLK weekend, they failed on both counts.We waited 20 minutes to be sat, as it was busy. No problem, I don't mind a wait. We were sat pleasantly enoughh, but that's it as far as the positives. Our server was overwhelmed, and we weren't even acknowledged for quite some time. When we were finally acknowledged, the server looked completely frazled. Also, our table was missing a place-setting and had not been wiped down fully. All this stuff is understandable from time-to-time, and I wouldn't even mention it if not for the fact that the whole experience was subpar. One or two small items, no problem, but everything going poorly? Not good.I ordered the chicken and asparagus hash with eggs, and my girlfriend ordered the fried chicken and waffles. We didn't receive our food for at least 30 minutes, and when it came out, only mine came. The server said: "We're going to start you with the chicken and asparagus hash," like it was an appetizer or something. Funny.After at least five minutes and my girlfriend's food having not arrived, I tried to find our waiter, but he was nowhere to be found. I flagged down another waiter and asked to see a manager. He arrived a couple minutes later and I asked him where my girlfriend's order might be, and he assured me it would be right out. Several minutes later, my girlfriend's fried chicken and waffles arrived.The food: The coating was delicious, as was the maple syrup reduction. The chicken was very, very dry, however, and the waffles were soggy. My dish lacked seasoning and was actually quite bland. I also asked for it to come with mozarella, and they forgot that.All in all, not a very pleasant dining experience at all. We will not be back.
4	This place is to die for! My friend and I came here after one of our crazy Vegas nights and it really did the job! We both shared one dish and had leftovers! It slips my mind what we had but the atmosphere is lovely and lively! The portions are huge and I mean HUGE. It was really cheap for the amount of food we received so if your ever in the area, you MUST give it a try! I did dock a star for the poor service since the table next to us came later, got their food and check earlier with a smile. Maybe it's because we looked like cheap little teenagers? I THINK NOT. It was quite rude that we weren't even visited once for a follow up and another guy had to bring us our waters and boxes. It honestly was NOT that busy, boo!
4	The portions are huge! I shared  a chicken bendict with the bf & we were stuffed and had some leftovers to go. Tried a little bit of the bacon waffles, which was pretty yummy too. The service is good but the wait was 35- 40 minutes on a Saturday afternoon.
3	I'm sorry, but I really don't know why this place is so hyped-up. My husband and I came here on a Saturday morning for brunch. The wait time was about 20 minutes, which I did not mind and was expecting anyway, seeing how crowded the restaurant was. The waiting area was pretty small, but it was fun looking at the autographed pictures of celebrities that they had on their wall, such as Penn and Teller, Ne-Yo, and Neil Patrick Harris. Melissa was our server. She was alright, but not the greatest. It took a while for her to greet us and take our orders, but I understand that they were extremely busy. After we got our food, she did check up on us twice, but did not refill our drinks once. The thing that annoyed me was that she seemed extra friendly to the party who sat in back of us. I heard her asking them if this was their first time at the restaurant, and they responded that it was. She gave them a friendly welcome and explained the menu to them. That's funny, it was our first visit here as well and she never bothered to ask us that!My husband and I decided to share the chicken and waffles. We also ordered two sides - bacon and the biscuits and gravy to avoid the $2.50 split plate charge. Just an FYI: yes, they charge $2.50 if you are splitting plates, but you can avoid it if you order a side dish.I have to say, the presentation of our food and everyone else's around us was nice and pretty! But, I wasn't impressed. The chicken was dry, and even though the waffles looked awesome because they had strips of bacon cooked into them, it didn't taste that great. Our order got screwed up as well. Apparently our biscuits and gravy = a side of sausage. I'm willing to give Hash House A Go Go another try in the future. Maybe we just ordered the wrong dish. But it's definitely not somewhere that I am dying to come back to again.
3	This place is alright.There was something about it when I walked in, where it overwhelmingly smelled of heavily delicious breakfast foods. I'm usually a big fan of chicken and waffles back at home so I found it fitting to order the Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffles.I definitely hate to compare to Roscoe's but HH takes a different approach. I was given 4 pieces of fluffy waffles and two chicken breast pieces for a really decent price too for what it was. I did enjoy my meal, but something about it made me really want the waffles to be thinner and just the use of heavy butter and grease for flavor. (oh yeah, and portions where huge!)I understand that it was a NY Times favorite and that it was featured on Man vs. Food. It was probably a hit or miss deal ordering the chicken and waffles, but the rest of the items on the menu had looked really good as well. Something really wants me to give this place a chance.Chances of coming back? Possibly.
1	Really you can't seat an expectant mother who is starving until her party arrives. Even when I tell you they are 5mins away. To add insult to injury the manager agrees to seat me while loudly telling his staff they did the right thing.  Thank dbag way to make a customer feel welcome, maybe if you read some of your reviews you would find that most of us think your policy is inane. Top this stellar customer service with a par bake pancake and swill masquerading as coffee, I won't be back. So elites where to break fast?
2	My friends and I decided to try this place out because we had seen it featured on TV.  Overall, we were pretty satisfied with the meal.  The biscuits and gravy were great.  My corned-beef hash dish came out a tad cold.  But the Hash House is really about quantity over quality, with portions ranging from large to HUGE.Unfortunately, our entire experience was ruined by a group of douchebags sitting at a nearby table.  It was 10am, and they were clearly drunk, probably having gotten started the night before (It IS Vegas, after all).  They were incredibly loud and disruptive, dropping F-bombs, N-bombs (they were NOT African American, by the way), and other ethnic slurs just to make sure every race was covered.All the while, the restaurant management did nothing.  We know for a fact that the manager on duty heard all the noise, because serving station was nearby and he actually brought us much of our food.  The wait staff, many of whom must have been insulted by the cussing and racist comments, said nothing.  Despite the fact that families with children, couples, and tables of mixed ethnicity were all sitting nearby, no one from the restaurant staff made any effort to ask these jerks to keep it down or to at least tone down their language.  Was it really up to us to confront these obnoxious people if we wanted to eat in peace?  Was the management going to just stand by and say nothing until someone made a stink about it?  I guess so...They guys left before anyone confronted them, but the damage was done.  I think a restaurant owner or manager who truly cares about his/her customers would have done something about it rather than let 4 or 5 losers completely ruin a meal for the 20+ people around them.
4	More like a 3.7I had the corned beef hash with eggs ($12.95), orange juice, decaf.  So the decaf sucked like it usually does.  The rest of my meal was fantastic.  I feel I did pretty good only leaving about half the bag of potatoes and half the biscuit.  This is not an inexpensive place to eat but both the quality and the quantity justify the expense.  If you have wheels in Vegas this is one of those places you have to try.  They also have a location inside the Imperial Palace.  I was seated immediately and the service had gaps in time but not bad for a 3/4 full restaurant.
1	Adam Richman you are an idiot for recommending this place.I went in with high hopes as I like places with big portions and creative food. We were seated right away on a Friday night, but then sat for the next 20 minutes watching servers walk by when someone finally noticed us. I could tell the server knew we had been waiting a while when she noticed that we didn't even have water. She asked if we wanted to just order as no one had bothered to see if we wanted drinks. I ordered a coke and the chicken and waffles. After another 10 minutes we finally got our drinks. Another 5 minutes later they brought us biscuits which were big and looked good, but ended up being dry and kind of tasteless. They did bring the equivalent of about 1 pat of butter and a tiny bit of honey (imagine a McDonald's honey "spread" container). It just wasn't enough for four adults. Then after another pretty decent wait (our server came and reassured us twice that our food was coming up), the food came. I have to say that everyone's entree looked awesome. After we took photos, something I have never done at a restaurant, we dug in.....My first bite made me gag a little bit. Imagine as a kid experimenting with the food in the door of the refrigerator: maple syrup, soy sauce, garlic powder, green onion? No matter how you combine these things they are not going to mesh well on a waffle with bacon. Ok, I understand the spin on chicken and waffles, but when this is your signature dish and it tastes like shit-something is wrong. The waffles were inedible-thick and doughy. The bacon was limp. The chicken was cold and dry. I basically just picked at the deep fried green onions and spaghetti noodles and took the 1/4" thick breading off of the chicken and had some protein. The other diners in our party didn't like their dish either; the pork cutlets. The bastards at HH even charged them $2.50 for splitting a meal that could have fed eight people. Needless to say, we didn't take any leftovers home.One last warning for good measure: if you are sensitive to MSG, don't order the waffles. The soy sauce in the dish contains MSG. I get a huge headache when I have even little bit and this must have had lots. I was totally disappointed with the whole experience. I would like to go back and try breakfast, but it was so bad I just can't stomach it.
3	This place is just insane.  I should end my review here.  But then, I'd be a bad Yelper.  Let me explain.There is this obsession with quantity in our culture, and Hash House is the epitome of this obsession.  I was awe struck by the mountains of cooked flesh and grease that was being served all around me.  People were taking pictures of their food (no doubt to post on Yelp).  As I waited for my french toast, I wondered how much of this stuff people cram into their bodies every day.Don't get me wrong, I'm not a health nut.  I could care less really, but even I have my limits.  My french toast with bananas on it tasted awesome for the first few bites.  However, after chewing on this thing for a while, I got bored.  That's right... as big and overblown as the food in this place is, I got bored of eating it.  And this, my friends, is the failing of Hash House A Go Go. :-)
3	This is one of those places where going once for the experience is just enough. The food display is very appealing, the gigantic portions easily adds to the obesity epidemic in America, and the service is fast and friendly!Andy's Sage Fried Chicken (w/ spinach, bacon, tomato, mozzarella, chipotle cream, and scrambled eggs)-  THIS THING IS A BEAST. Definitely enough for 3 people because everything is so heavy and flavorful. Every component of this dish was quite good on it's own, but once it's all mixed together, it's kind of a big mush of crazy flavors. Pleasing to the taste buds, but you get kind of tired of eating it after 15 minutes, and there seems to be no dent in the pile of food.Definitely a fun place to try when you're in Vegas, but is it one of those places you MUST go to every time? Nah, just try it once or twice to see how much food your stomach can really hold.
3	As over the top as Vegas can be, HH is popular with locals and visitors but not your caloric budget.  Highlight: Gin Mary to cure the standard Vegas morning after.
3	This place gets pretty crowded.  It's like a Denny's/IHop on crack.  Their portions are ridiculously huge.  The vanilla pancakes were just OK. I also had the corned beef hash with eggs. I'm glad I shared my food.  The staff was pretty friendly.  It gets really noisy but the food was good.  I will come again and try something different.
5	Great breakfast!!! Had Corned Beef Hash. Freakin' unbelievable!!!
4	I reserve my 5 star reviews for the most revered establishments, at which i have never had a care, worry or problem. That said, if i could, i would give Hash House a solid 4.5. Like a lot of folks, i saw Hash House on Man V Food. I had the place logged in the back of my head so when i was at a conference in Vegas for a week and the boss says "where we eatin'?" i was ready with a home run.Ive eaten once at the original off strip location and once at the new location inside the IP. For the original, we were seated quickly on a weeknight and service was prompt, but that's not wat you want to hear about, is it?The food is fucking MASSIVE. That night we had 2 appetizers, the fried green tomatoes and something else that escapes me. Both were good but i was focused on getting what i had been waiting weeks to try; the sage fried chicken and waffles.Alright, so, 2 MASSIVE fried chicken breasts stacked on top of 4 bacon waffles roughly the dimensions of 2 hotel room Gidions bibles cut in half and stacked, all held in place with a huge steak knife. The chicken was crisp and delicious with sage running throughout. The bacon in the waffles was amazing and was topped off with a maple reduction. By the time i was done forcing as much into my body as humanly possible, i still had a meal left over for the next day.You would have thought we were in a photo studio with the ammout of flashes going off. Everyone in here takes pictures of the food, don't be shy, show everyone back home what theyre missing. HHAGG goes on your Vegas bucket list.
1	Here's something I've never understood... what's the point of HUGE portions.. if the FOOD TASTES BAD?? Before I went to this place I kept hearing the same thing over and over again. The portions are HUGE! Well, yes, they are. And if that is all you care about you will have a great time at the Hash House A Go Go, but if you're someone who actually likes to eat a meal that tastes good, I'd -a- GO- GO somewhere else. The place does look nice, and the staff are helpful. They made quite a bit of the fact that Man Vs. Food was there filming during their run across Vegas. They serve very unique dishes, which is something I usually respect, but I think about restaurants, and cooking in general, the way i think about comedy. Some people say they don't like comedians who curse, other say they do, I say, as long as you're funny.. it doesn't matter. Same thing with food. You can be unique with your recipes, you can be traditional... so LONG AS THE FOOD TASTES GOOD! I had the corned beef hash with eggs. The eggs were bland, under cooked, and horrible. The corned beef was shredded in long thick strips and seasoned with something that smelled like foot powder. The potatoes were the worst part of the breakfast. Hard, unseasoned, and cold. It looked, and tasted, like they boiled a potato in water, hit it with a hammer, and put it on your plate.Not to judge harshly because of one dish, I went back a 2nd time as I always do before deciding on a place. This time I had the strawberry pancakes. Same story. They were the size of Texas, but they just weren't very good. Boiled cardboard. Sorry folks, this one is a NO GO! Regards, CFC
4	Do you like to eat Gigantic breakfasts? Or take long walks along the beach?Well, Hash House A Go Go has 1 of the 2. If you can't guess which one, then you're probably taking those long walks by yourself. Did someone say Yelp A-hole of the Day? But I digress...It seems like the word "griddled" is used freely in every entree here. The griddled mash is definitely worth a try, but don't joke about a griddled glass of orange juice...my waitress didn't find it particularly funny...One of their local favorite dishes is the Sage Chicken Benedict, which combines two of the greatest things eaten by humans, Chicken and Benedict... Ask for the Gravy on the side, as this baby is a messy one. If your still hungry and you won't be, I'd try their famous Meatloaf House Hash. It's like the meatloaf my Asian mom never made....hmmmmm.So if you want a breakfast far from the crowds of the Las Vegas Strip, or if your just walking home at 3am with your shoes in your hands...come down to Hash House a Go Go. It's breakfast without judgment!
3	This one kind of hurts, because in advance, I never thought this would only be three stars. Bummer. First off, the place does not suck. After seeing this place on Man v. Food and Bacon Paradise, I think maybe I just got a little too hyped up for it. I know that part of the schtick is to be over the top...with the portions, with the bacon, everything over the top...I get it. But at a certain point, it's just kind of wasteful. I can't believe this is me saying that, but Hash House took me there. The Sage Fried Chicken was delicious. I wish it weren't just breasts, though...moist, juicy thighs are where its at. I know what you're thinking, and cut it out. The tower of bacon waffles? Delicious, but why a tower? Who's gonna eat all these waffles? And don't get pissy when we need more syrup! The Grilled Meatloaf Hash was pretty good. Lots of meatloaf, fried potatoes, and red and yellow peppers. Huge amount of this hash next to a little mound of two scrambled eggs. I really like my eggs, and I felt bad that they were so outnumbered. Three eggs and half as much hash would suit me fine. The Bacon Bloody Mary. For the love of all that does not suck....I wanted to love it. I had so been looking forward to it. I don't know what the frig is going on in this world, but it seems to be a recent trend that everyone feels the need to make their Bloody Mary spicy as all hell. Hash House isn't just along for that ride, they bought the damned airline. IMO, Tabasco should *accent* the flavors in a Bloody, waking the whole thing up, leaving behind a slight spicy flavor that pleasantly lingers....it should not be a dominant, overwhelming aftertaste without the drink being ordered that way. Kind of like everything else here, it's just too over the top without needing to be so. Service was just fine, although I didn't quite dig the practice of going ahead and adding 18 percent gratuity under the line "large party". Since it was just two of us, they were either insulting us by calling us large, or insulting us because we're cheapskates that used their gift certificate offer on restaurants dot com. Either way, unappreciated. I'm in the industry, and you have to really suck to not get 20 percent and have that rounded up to the next dollar....even more if you don't suck. You were great, but you're saying 18 percent. So 18 percent it is, then. Oh well.
5	I have been told for years that amazing food is found off of the strip, but I never did the research prior to my Vegas trips to put this wise advice into practice. Thanks to my handy Yelp app. I easily found Hash House a GoGo and is forever in my app's debt. First of all, this place has moxie. The staff are fun and have character. The menu ranges from run of the mill (eggs, bacon and toast) to original masterpieces (snickers pancakes), of course there is room for plenty of crazy as well (O'Hare of the Dog, which consists of a 24oz Budweiser and a side of bacon). I loved the drink choices, lots of creative mimosas! Hash House will become a new tradition for Saturday morning, I can't wait to return. Word to the wise, show up before you go into starvation mode, you will be waiting for at least 20 minutes.
3	This place is hyped up way too much.  This is the place your husband or boyfriend will drag you to because the portions are gi-normous!  Other than that, I don't see what the big deal is.I ordered the smoked salmon scramble and it was nasty... or shall I say fishy?  Whatever... fishy/nasty/gross, I couldn't eat it.  I never send anything back, but this time I did because I couldn't tolerate another bite and I didn't want to just sit there and watch all my friends eat.My boyfriend ordered the corned beef and I must say that his dish was DELICIOUS!  Probably the best corned beef I've ever had.  I was going to order that for myself, but my BF was like, "why don't you share this with me and order something else so we can try something different?"  Umm okay, what do you want me to order?  I ordered another scramble dish with chorizo in it.  So  yeah, my second attempt?  FAIL!!!  That dish was equally disgusting.  At least I have my BF's corned beef to share right?  WRONG!  He had practically polished off his dish by the time I wanted to dig in to it.  Thanks for sharing hun!If you're going to eat here because it was on Man vs. Food, order the chicken and waffles or the corned beef.  Everything else is a waste of time!
4	Definitely a fan of this place.  I'm a hungry lad so I tend to enjoy large portions.  What is really great about the place is the uniqueness of the menu.  The creations they have conjured up are great.  Even though they have some of the most original items on any breakfast menu.  I must say the original corn beef hash is my favorite.The potato's are nice and crispy and they don't skimp on the corn beef.  Also the biscuit is quite good with the homemade jam it becomes quite great.  It does get a little packed, but It is worth it.  Also they have some of the best drink selections around.
5	I never visited this placed when I lived in Vegas. Now that I have moved away, I always go back there when I visit....love the food... HAVE to share the plates;)
4	3.5 stars, but rounded up to 4. Mushroom artichoke hash  -- portions were very large, but this was just not very good, unfortunately.  The sundried tomatoes were too overpowering. The banana pancakes were ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. The edges were kind of crispy (probably because it had been soaked and fried in butter... mmm).If you are visiting Vegas, I would recommend sharing a dish since you WILL have plenty of leftovers... and as much as I try to avoid wasting food, it's hard to eat leftovers when traveling (no fridge, no microwave, etc.). Our server was really great.  We had to wait 30 mins for a seat, but it was well worth it for the pancakes.
5	fun place and the food was great. by far the best out of the two hash houses we tried. the one on the strip isn't much of anything. the sahara one is busy but we enjoyed the wait by looking at all the plates coming out of the kitchen. portions were big. can' wait to try the san diego one.
3	I've wanted to try this place for breakfast since I saw it on Man V Food but somehow it took me years to finally get here. I just don't get up early enough on weekends to get out for breakfast too often. Anyway, if you're tired of the same old breakfast when you do get out, you need to check out this place. The menu is intimidating with loads of interesting choices but it almost seems as if you can't go wrong. Everything looked impressive as it was served to other tables. It took me quite some time to decide what I wanted to eat as everything sounded great but I wasn't disappointed with my choice. The only downfall is it's a bit pricey for breakfast but it is semi touristy and you do get A LOT of food. I felt more full than I normally do walking out of a breakfast buffet. I'll definitely have to try this place again soon as there are some other things I definitely want to try.
5	this place always hits the spot...the portions are huge but my bff and i always share the chicken and waffles and to avoid the split fee i always order a side of homestyle fries with some cucumber dressing...the food is always oh sooooo good...the bluberry/walnut pancakes are delish too and dont forget the watermelon lemonade its very flavorlicious only downfall about this place is the wait time wish this place was a little bigger maybe that  would really cut on the wait time...overall this place takes my yummy award!!
5	breakfast has a new name...Eggs benidict is awesome...Snickers pancake is no joke!!!
4	I discovered this place on accident one day. I had just moved here and my best friend was in town, so we decided to go grab some Sunday brunch. In my true fashion, I typed in "awesome brunch" into the Yelp search bar and "Hash House" popped up. To be perfectly honest with you all, we choose this place based on the silly name. Any place with "a Go Go" at the end of it's title is right up my alley. Not only was i impressed with the menu itself, but the portions are friggen huge! I tried the salmon hash, which was delicious and the corned beef hash. I prefer the corned beef and the GIANT slice of watermelon that comes out with your meal is pretty awesome too. So if you're in the mood for huge pile of awesome breakfast food, head to Hash HouseP.S if you follow "hashhouselv" on twitter, you can score some free drinks. Enjoy!
2	Pros:  -Snickers pancakeCons:-The wait is pretty long.  I thought it was because it was popular and crowded but...-The service is absolutely atrocious.  We waited 15 minutes to get our drinks.-The waitress was a bitch.  There, I said it.  With the breakfast, you get an option of grilled or fried potatoes.  She didn't ask my friend or I which we wanted, and when we requested the grilled, she seemed VERY annoyed.  She actually said, "Um, this customer has decided now that she wants grilled potatoes, so could you bring those out?".  I didn't decide then... I was not given the option like I was supposed to have been given.-The food came out at all different times.  My boyfriend didn't get his meal until a good five minutes after everyone else's slowly came trickling out.-The servings were massive.  I like a big serving now and then, but these were a blatant waste of food.  It was almost offensive.-The food wasn't that great.  I got one of the scrambles and it was serviceable.  Was it worth an hour wait?  Absolutely not.  Also, the iced coffee tasted like shit.Long story short, I will not be coming back here.  I was shocked that it was so well renowned.
5	We came here earlier in the day and it was packed so we left. We came back later for dinner, around 6:00 and we got right in.We split the sage fried chicken benedict and it was huge.I would definitly order it again, biscuits, eggs, gravy, mash potatoes and whatever else they throw in there.I saw plenty of other dishes that the servers where passing out and i want to try those, like the chicken and waffles
5	Everything about this place rocks, except maybe for the wait. Table next to mine was an Asian family talking a blue streak in their native tongue - until the food arrived, they went silent, and the elderly mom just said, "wow." That sums it up. Almost comically large portions of delicious, decadent southern breakfast and lunch ("twisted farm" as they call it) comfort food.  Hand-squeezed-to-order juices (tangerine is the bomb). Meatloaf to die for. And the fried chicken...whoa. In fact, the best bite of food I've ever eaten may have been the following: at the end of trying (and failing) to finish my chicken and waffles, I scraped up from the plate bits of the sage buttermilk breading from the chicken, waffle scraps, and bacon shreds - all of which were sitting in a pool of maple syrup.  I mean - holy crap. Have to hit this place for breakfast again before I leave Vegas, and on every future trip.  Worth the trip, the wait and the calories.  Get there.
4	Very good food, portions are huge and prices are a bit high. But they serve comfort foods. Meatloaf sandwich's for dinner with a sun dried tomatoes spread on a sourdough toasted bread, crazy good. Breakfast is great and the drinks in the morning especially the bloody Marys are top notch. But the bloody Maria's ARE THE BEST
4	I didn't plan on going at a point where there were no lines but I did. I got there at 9:00am on a weekday and apparently I missed rush hour. After half and hour while I was eating my meal droves of people started showing up and standing in line to be seated. I caught this on the TV a few days before I went to Vegas but only a few highlights - about how it's a must visit when in Vegas. The chicken was partially soggy and a bit on the dry side inside. It looked tasty on the yelp pictures but fell a little flat. See pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g8OnV26ywJlZpezdBnOWUQ?select=Okd3l50AsallpQbXgs23UA There are many better plates that I see now in hindsight like the eggs Benedict or venison sausage.I'll be back for sure. It's 5 minutes from my Aunts house and perhaps I'll convince a few of my family members to try it.  For those on THE STRIP there is another location at the Imperial Palace.
3	This was bookmarked on my yelp for a long time and finally had a chance to go this past weekend. We got there and waited about 40 minutes for a table. We got seated and ordered their specials. I had the Michigan special which was chicken sausage with mixed vegetables and 2 eggs. My friend got the pumpkin-peanut butter flapjack. I also ordered their special cherry lime soda. I got my soda and it was just okay...it was refreshing, but not worth the money as it just felt like syrup added to it. I thought it be made with bits of lime or cherry or something. The food finally arrived and it was just ok. My Michigan special was healthy looking, but there was nothing special about it. It was like a fajita with a 2 egg on the side. The flapjack tasted more like pumpkin and not much peanut butter. It was flapjack that covered the whole plate. The best thing was their home made peach marmilade on the table with their homemade biscuit.  The marmilade was just so great with chucks of peach in it.  I wished they sold it because it was that good.It was just not memorable to me. I prefer Egg & I - check it out.
5	I'll be honest. While the rest of my party who went here may not have liked what they ordered, I loved the food. We went here because the driver of the other car, who was the organizer of the trip, saw it on tv on Drivers, Dine-Ins, and Dives, and said it looked good. We arrived in Vegas and set about finding this restaurant based on general directions from the other driver. Honestly, if you're not paying attention to the signs on the right side of the road (heading eastbound on Sahara) you can easily miss this location. The location opens at 730, and we arrived here at about 6am. We pretty much spent an hour and a half sleeping in the car. The menu is simple, however it would do good to have photos of all that you would be ordering. What you may not realize when you first come to this restaurant is that the portions are very generous. What I mean by this is that two of our people ordered a pancake combination. When you order pancakes, you think that they'd be like IHOP pancakes or like McDonald's hotcakes, but this thing, according to the server, was about the size of a medium pizza. He sure as hell wasn't kidding! I mean, that thing was the size of a newborn! Two people shared one of the pancake platters, and the other person gave up on eating the pancake without eating it. (I wolfed the whole thing down in about two minutes for him) Two other people ordered a Hash House combination plate, which I believe was hashed potatoes and some green pepper and sausage pieces. One ate most of it, the other person finished only a small portion of it, and shared with the rest of the people on our side of the booth.My coworker ordered a waffle platter, and finished only one corner of a waffle and part of his hashed potatoes. He saved the rest in case we were hungry later on in the day. The driver of the other car ordered what I believe was Andy's Sage Fried Chicken. When it came out, it looked about the size of a small child's head. The chicken portion that I cut through (to get a bite) was boneless and covered in a delicious sauce. With my help and the help of some of the other people on the table, we finished a little under half of the platter. The item that I ordered was the One Pound Hash House Mushroom and Swiss Stuffed Burger with a side of Fries. When the burger came out, It was a lot bigger than I thought it would be. The hamburger patties had the swiss/mushroom mixture oozing out of the middle, and it pretty much dwarfed the hamburger bun. It came with the fries, about four fried spaghetti sticks, and around the plate, there was this caramel type texture sauce. Even with the help of three other people, we only managed to eat under half of the burgers. The restaurant began to get much more busier by the time we left, as more persons were beginning to come in to eat the food. The server was very pleasant and came by pretty often to check up on us. The next time i go up there, i'm definitely going to stop by here and put myself into another food coma. De Licious!!
5	Busy but not too busy killer brunch spot off the Strip in North LV.  Menu is amazing and overwhelming at the same time, making for difficult decisions.  Everything here looks so good it is tough to decide on what to eat and drink, as you want to try everything.  The spiked Limeade is a perfect morning-after cocktail; tart enough to mask out the taste of vodka and served with a massive oversize straw for big gulping.  The Gin Mary is really good too, and I am not really into Bloody Marys that much.  Portions are huge.  Had the Favorite Scramble with the salmon, pesto, and brie and tomato.  Biscuit the best I've had in a while. Also a great place to people watch, found myself admiring all the ink, piercings, and different hair colors of the fellow clientele.  Wish I lived near this place, but then again it wouldn't be good for my diet. Probably better that's it's a once-a-year visit. Will return.
3	Saw this place on DDD with Guy Fierie....tried it, and he was right but the one in San Diego was much better...
1	WHO WANTS THE BUBBLE GUTS?I guess I do, cause that's what we got after having breakfast here today. I came here today for breakfast with the Yelp-izzles. Thanks Elnino F. for organizing this breakfast and for letting us take advantage of your gift certificate! The other major players at the table were Jieun L., Sun M., and Oliver M. There was only one lucky player who walked away without the Bubble Guts. I ordered a Farm Benedicts with the Sage Fried Chicken cause I wanted to do it Man v. Food style. There was not enough chicken to go with the amount of eggs, biscuit, and mashed potatoes on the plate. The biscuit was dry. The chicken and spinach was good. The slice of pineapple and orange was probably the best thing on the plate. I had a Fresh Lemonade Mimosa to drink. It was ok.I guess I will have to come back to give them another try since I also bought a gift certificate from Sunny Dining Deals. I wanted to give 2 stars cause the service was great, but 4 out of 5 got sick so I couldn't do it.
1	This is for the one at M RESORT ONLY!!!  I went with a friend to the new location at the M I had talked her ear off about the other 2 here.  So we had planned this for a bit.  I should have known when there was no line what so ever at that something must be up.  The space was nice with a great desert view.  The problem was the food...It was cold!  I ordered the corned beef  hash and the corned beef tasted like it just came out of the refridgerator! I have been around long enough to know there is such a thing as danger zones in foods.  I lost my appitite so just took the food home and spoiled my friends dog.  Yeah, that good.  I have hope that with time they will be great like the other locations, but until then I will stick to the original or the one at IP.
1	This place is a joke, way too much hype. Went to see what all the fuss was about. First off the service was horrible. I saw the other tables with biscuits and when I asked the waiter where mine were at it took fifteen minutes for them to come. Biscuits were nasty and stale. I ordered the chicken and waffles and that to was nit that good. Chicken dry and tasted like it had no seasoning. Waffles had to be drenched in syrup. Wifes meal was bad and my daughters chicken breast was horrible. Again they must have just cook the chicken breast with no seasoning. The only thing that was actually really good was the bread pudding. I will never go back to this place even if it's free it was that bad. The portions are big but if it does not taste good what can you do with it.
2	Alright this place is officially overrated.  After a dismal experience last July at their San Diego location with a breakfast I had, I held my review in hopes they would redeem themselves on a second visit. Didn't happen. After a morning of driving from L.A. and doing some shopping, I was more than ready for some food. So we hit up the yelp and this place hit our radar. For a Friday lunch they were kinda slow, but even so the hostess said there'd be a 10-15 minute wait? Odd seeing as we could see empty tables. We opted to do the manly thing and sit in the bar area. Service was great from the bartender.  Ordered was the Ham/Egg Burger $11.95, Spinach salad $8.95 (for some roughage) and the Mac & Cheez $2.95. The best thing of the lunch was expelling it from my body the next morning. Sorry, but true. Okay, the fries were good. But this place is such a facade. Facade in that the dishes look appealing and are huge portions, but below the service sits mediocre food. The Spinach Salad was over dressed with the raspberry vinegrette to the point that it was sickening sweet. The burger was just a mess. The ham added nothing to the taste and just added to create an even larger mess amongst all the ingredients. The mac-n-cheese was penne pasta with what seemed like a cheap cheese smothering everything. So I'm guessing that a lot of the 4 and 5 star reviews are from hungover breakfast patrons who get blinded by the large portions and appealing plating and just are hungry to the point that they really aren't out for flavor and quality.
5	bombbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb.
4	Chicken Benedict is really good!!
3	This place suffers from just being too busy for its own good. Do yourself a favor and don't go when the rest of the city is here (Sat, Sunday mornings/brunch times). Expect your order to be messed up in some way, expect your server to be frantic/forgetful/distracted, expect to wait longer than you want to for something (coffee, biscuit, that side of sausage), expect to have to flag someone down to take your payment. Just dial down your expectations, and you'll be fine. Food is decent, not the best you've ever had.
2	More like Hash House a NO NO! For dinner at least...Sure, if you're looking to pick up a few rosemary trees this is the place for you. Never in my life have I seen an 8 inch log of rosemary used as a decorating piece in my food. Ya, definitely not getting that one chef. My wife wanted to order hash, which is why we went to HASH House a Go-Go, as hash is traditionally served with poached eggs, and they only serve it with scrambled eggs with dinner. WHAAAA? So it's okay to have poached eggs for breakfast but not for dinner.  Hmmph. I had the chicken and biscuits. The gravy was schmeh. Yep, just schmeh. The chicken was tougher than a boiled owl. The asparegus was so tough that I couldn't even cut it with a steak knife. The only good thing about the meal were the biscuits. They were very good.One of the more disappointing dining experiences I've had in a while. With so much talk about how amazing this place was I expected a lot more. Not a very value friendly place either. No no for the Go Go.
1	After all the hype of this place on Food Network this place should be renamed Hash House-Aww-Hell-No!!! If you don't live in a major metropolitan city that has GOOD FOOD then you might find this place cool, hip and tasty...just like Denny's.....BUT IF YOU KNOW BETTER...you'll know that LARGE PORTIONS DON'T EQUAL GOOD FOOD!!!This place should be nominated for a "KILLYOSELF AWARD"
4	it's almost been a year since my first visit to hash house. i have to say i've had a change of heart and i actually dig this hot breakfast joint now. to be honest, i've been back at least 3 times between this location and the new location in the M resort and have left each experience super happy and wanting more. i found a way to combat the massive servings, SHARE! ;)my fav dish is simple and delicious. egg white and spinach scramble with country potatoes. for the portions one gets, it's really affordable. this is the first change of heart i've had. i'm open to more. =)
1	Got seated outside without a heater on a patio by ourselves. The service was incredibly slow and they still messed up my meal. Had to ask repeatedly for water, butter and a heater. They never brought a heater and we felt like we were afterthought and a bother rather than valued customers. Will definitely NOT be going back.
3	Not that this posting needs anymore reviews but its one of my fav places to go when ....well lets be honest when im hungover... Im black so of course i had the chicken and waffles ....it was different than i expected but a pleasant surprise none the less. It was more of a gourmet take on the classic i loved it so much i tried to make it at home ....i was not successful.... anyway i have not tried everything on the menu but what i have has been good .....i experienced good service good food and big portions wich im only a fan of when im hungover because you can have 2 meals from it without having to cook . all in all i personally have different  places i go for different reasons and this is my go to "i need breakfast now and im hungover and i dont want to go somewhere like denny's) place.
5	Really good breakfast.  Not sure why it has some bad reviews from people, because the 2 dishes my wife and I got were really good.  I had the banana french toast (will order with extra syrup on the side next time) and the meatloaf hash with eggs.  Both were good and huge.  We also got an orange crush champagne spritzer, which was good despite the fact that it sounds strange.  I would also try the bloody mary's next time since it looked like they made their own mix and everybody was ordering them.
2	Hmm. What can I say? I got the duck breast. It was decent. A little overcooked for duck breast but certainly edible and very flavorful. But what's with all the fixin's? Not only is there too much on the plate but there are too many items. Goat cheese, prosciutto, cashews, spiced yams, carrots, green beans, and more. But it doesn't all taste good together. They are all great edible items but they aren't really "ingredients" to a single cohesive dish. FAIL.And to top it off, literally, there's an inedible twig of Rosemary and some sort of uncooked pasta noodles sticking up out of the mound of food. Waitwhat? Yeah. I feel as if somewhere, like at the original HH in San Diego, the food is prepped and cooked the way that it is supposed to be. But here in Vegas, in this chain, it's lost in translation. You're better off going to a restaurant on the strip. Or Chinatown.
3	I like this place but it's probably not worth the hype or the wait. It's the kind of place that makes people wait when there are many open tables so they can create that buzz factor. The fried chicken benedict was good, the meatloaf hash disappointing. The meatloaf part was good but the hash was just a lot of bland potato chunks with peppers. If there wasnt a wait I would probably go back.
3	Too much hype for me. My sister has been in Las Vegas for over a year and we have talked about going her several times, on this last visit we made it.The place was packed and we waited about 20 minutes for the table that was empty when we got there. (That always makes me crazy!)Waitress had room for improvment, but the bus boys more than made up for her.I had corn beef hash, of course and it was good. It defiantly had some twists, like cheese and the corn beef was definaly not chopped up much. My favorite was the busicut, so yummy and fresh.My sister had the hamburger, it was huge. She said it was good but not as fabulous as everyone says it is. Her boyfriend had french toast, I had a bite it was good. Crunchy on the outside and warm and soft inside. Very Good.Overall it is an experience but might have had a 4 or 5 star experience at a less busy time.Oh and do not forget the bloody mary, it was GREAT and chunky.
3	The wait was long, so we ended up sitting at the bar.The food was good... the portions were huge, mostly potatoes though... They are probably one of the few brunch places with a full bar - if that is something important in your brunch location selection, you would be happy here!
5	My southern grandma passed away without sharing some of her famous recipies with the family.  This place has food that tastes just like and similar to grandma's!  The tastes of the warm biscuit (with fruit topping) and rich mashed potatos really took me back to my childhood.  The portions are HUGE, you'll probably need a to go box.  Cost is low considering the value.  The bill for two people with a 25% tip was $53.  I thought it was interesting that they don't have heat lamps, so food gets delivered to your table as it's ready.  REALLY that's how it should be, everyone gets their food as fresh as possible.  The presentation of the food is very thoughtful and the taste is rich (heavy, southern style).  Don't expect to eat for the rest of the day, you'll likely be too full! :-)  I had a mint latte here that was one of the best I have ever tasted (and I've had tons of lattes)!  Our waitress "Kai," (short hair, enthusiastic) was super nice and helpful.  We saw her stand on top of a chair to take a picture of a large party at a table- that's service!  We'll be back and likely ask to be seated in her section. :-)
1	Well I expected a wait,  we seen tons of people leave and many empty tables but there we were.... waiting. There was a few people who got there 20mins after us and were seated the same time as we were... that kind of annoyed me especially since our "party" was 2 adults and 1 child compared to others who were 4 or more. At the beginning I was asked if my son who is 5 wanted a high chair or booster I said no he could sit in a normal seat... he's not a baby and is old enough and tall enough to sit in a regular chair. Well low and behold when our thing rang the host tells us she though I wanted a high chair and if I didn't there would be more of a wait. WTF?! After waiting 50mins (which was only supposed to be 30) you want me to wait longer because the host doesn't listen?We just went with the highchair which my son DOES NOT fit in... but do you think they offered a normal chair? NO. Ugh. So the server comes and takes our order and we see the bigger parties get seated 2mins after we were... now I'm like super irritated... but I'm still super nice and what not.I understand there is a wait for food, but ONCE AGAIN the parties who ordered AFTER we did got their food first... ours came 10 mins later. Wait, my friends got here then 10mins after that I got mine. Seriously? Who wants to sit there and eat after everyone on your table get their food?He ordered chicken and waffles and I ordered the pork tenderloin sandwich. His food looked good, and finally after my food came I was wayyyy too irritated to even try it. Instead I pulled out my phone and typed this long rant/review.The chicken and waffles were ok, nothing orgasmic and the sandwich was horrible and tasteless. I had to add hella salt and cut the piece of pork into 4's. Some people like the "huge" portions, but I dont. Why are you going to give me a huge oily breaded piece of pork and a standard sized bun? What am I supposed to eat the rest of the sandwich with? Ugh.The waitress was wayy nicer to my guy friend than she was to me, even though I was the nice one. Beesh! This place is nothing great, the food is over priced and oily and isn't worth the freakin wait. I wouldve rather spent the 40$ some place else.
3	I think anything that is on Diners, Drive in's and Dives is automatically not as great of a place once Guy leaves the restaurant. Their stuff is good but by not means great. Not worth the long wait in my opinion.
4	Pork tenderloin is really awesome. Every dish is enough for two so bring an appetite!  Expect a 30 min wait but it's worth it!
2	On the advice of Guy Fieri, we decided to check out Hash House.  He has his own show (and his advice has been pretty on-point in the past), so I considered anything he said golden. My bad...Don't get me wrong, Hash House isn't bad, it just isn't anything different from your average breakfast place.  I love me a good breakfast, but Hash House didn't exactly serve the best tasting breakfast. Sure it was HUGE and it was filling, but as far as the tastebuds go, they weren't dancing...more like bobbing to the beat..no, not even that.  Sorry!I ordered the veggie house hash (was that my mistake?) and dude ordered the bacon waffle and eggs.  It was okay, but, again, we've both had much better breakfasts.Luckily, we didn't have to wait long since it was late morning on a Tuesday.  Service was good.  I guess my only complaint is that if it wasn't for DDD, there wouldn't be that much Hash House Hype.
5	You have to try this place for breakfast, if you're in the Vegas area. It was amazing! The helpings are huge. The food tastes sooooo good. The atmosphere is fun. I had "Andys sage fried chicken farm benedict". I loved it! My friend had the chorizo hash house. It was good. We had the freshly squeezed juices, which were really good. The wait to get a table was about 45 min, but it was well worth it. The price is a lil' high, but considering how much food you get, it's not too bad. I'm really glad I tried this place.
2	The chicken was dry and while it had flavor, I couldn't swallow it. Not worth the money. The commercial lied.
1	was Bad din't like it at all ,too much things mixed just odd. Manager was upset because I said I didn't enjoy it or did the other 4  with me lol was yucky
4	I keep coming back to this one because I'm in the area even though there's a closer one in San Diego where I live and I like the atmosphere here. The wait wasn't as long as we were told ( we told 45 minutes to an hour) and were seated in about 20 minutes. Make no mistake, there were other people waiting for a table at around 1:00 p.m. on a Saturday, but the wait wasn't bad. Bring your appetite because just like other reviewers have said, the portions are HUGE. I suggest sharing or ordering something on the side and taking some from your fellow diners. Don't let the one pancake on your order fool you along with the sides: that one pancake alone almost covers an oval serving plate. I suggest the brown sugar and mango an coconut one. My brother ordered a blue cheese burger and he said it would it order again. However, it was big and the fries were nicely seasoned. The service was always good here and I have no complaints about it compared to other reviewers. My advice? Come here early on weekends and during the weekdays if you don't like to wait too long. Plenty of parking. Next time, I'm trying the burgers.
4	I came here after a night in vegas drunk, hung over and dying of thirst. Food was bomb and I was hungry.  Forgot the dish I got. It was the Chicken.. Has rosemary, spinach, mash potatoes, cheese, bacon, and some other things forgot.2 good combos together.Yet.. I threw it all up later. Lmao.I would come back to this place the next visit.
4	3 words, chicken and waffles!  So good and so much food! This place is a doggy bag type of place, I've never seen anyone actually finish their whole portion by themselves.  I've had a bunch of things on their menu, and they've all been pretty decent or better.  Their stuffed burgers are really good too, I like the one with bacon and mashed potatoes.  And their flapjacks are literally bigger than your head, they're gigantic and according to my cousin, who's had them twice, pretty good.  On the whole, I recommend coming here for breakfast or brunch or even lunch, don't know about dinner though.
3	The wait was 2 hours.  They give you a ton of food, but it tasted just okay.  I don't think its worth the wait.
1	Service is crap, FOOD is okay, didn't see a manager, but was informed that was her screaming for food runners in the back. (gotta love when the screaming takes over the whole restaurant) all in all I heard tons of good stuff about this place, but what I saw was, the same ole same ole, they try to mask up the crappy service, long wait, with half-ass food. Chicken Benedict would be the ONLY reason I would ever go back, BUT it's not to hard to mimic an at home version, just use Tabasco Chipotle with a white cream sauce. Brilliant huh? That's all they use, or so the server proceeded to tell us.  I was NOT impressed and have found out they are opening another location inside Union Plaza....hmmm Imperial Palace, Union Plaza, Sounds like they are stepping down not up? What happened they opened in the M resort and that restaurant has tanked? I guess you get what you pay for....crap.I won't go back, and I wouldn't refer it to a frenemy either.
4	Look out for HUGE servings!Local friends recommended the hash House on our last visit to Vegas.  Never having been inside the Imperial Palace, we wouldn't have known to check out this hidden gem.  There was a slight wait (at about 1030am).  The dinner-esq atmosphere is separated from the loud casino but still relaxed and friendly.  The decor leaves a little to be desired but the food was delicious.The servings were ENORMOUS!  Plate sized flapjacks and an amazing meatloaf sandwich
4	I've been going here since I found out the opened one up in Vegas. I have been to the one at the M hotel, and both are equal in servcce and in quality if food. The hash is awesome here, my favorite dish is their signature corn beef hash. It is served with roasted potatoes and eggs and is a lot of food.Don't come here on the busy weekends, because wait times can be in the 1-2 hour mark. I came here once during NY and it was hell. When we got our food I was about to pass out.They do offer great drinks and even a free drink if you twitter that yo are eating there. Just show the waiter and they will hook you up with the drink of the day.Oh yeah the eggs Benedict is really good, and I usually hate eggs poached.
3	http://www.toothpastefordinner.com/033111/food-and-yelling.gifThis place's vibe embodies everything I hate about LA/Southern California and their portions are HUGE. Unnecessarily huge. Like, "I get depressed thinking about the type of people who could regularly polish off portions that large" grade gigantic.However, the food is super delicious. Place your order to-go and split it with a friend.
5	Ferb and I finally put down the hookahs and set aside the other unmentionable things and decided a road trip to the "Sin City", Las Vegas was due. After a couple of all nighters out and about it wasn't until the last day of our trip that we decided to go to Hash House a go-go. Walking in and being mesmorized by the vast amount of pictures staring back at us, we made our way to the table.As we sat, we noticed a gigantic edible sombrero looking dish that had some kind of delicious food in it. Then and there I knew that this was going to be a place that would get our alcohol drenched insides back to a legal state.As we got our menu, we closely examined what each meal consisted of. Even though it was late afternoon, our drenched insides were burning yearning for breakfast, with a salad on the side.A few words to describe that god damn delicious salad. "Oh my, yum yum then some!" The CROUTONS, tasted like they came down from the heavens on a lovely white cloud with trumpets blaring announcing that they have made it to the party, also known as the house salad. Word to the wise though, Do not eat, however tempting it might be, do not eat the sticks that accompany that heavenly salad.Not even halfway through eating the heavenly salad, Ferb's tractor breakfast combo, with the biggest pancake known to man, along with eggs, potato and a scrumptious strawberry, came to the table first.  A couple of minutes later, Phineas's mountain of eggs, biscuit and potato joined in. After stealing a couple of Phineas's food, I knew it was the start of a food coma.One delicious bite after another, I came to the realization that this was the cure of the alcohol and other unmentionable things that we needed. Bang for the buck, this is the place, and we needed this after a crazy night at the penny slots. That's a whole different story.45 minutes of nonstop eating ended up in laying down on the benches outside the restaurant. With the strip in our sights we knew it was time for more alcohol and penny slots.We are in Vegas.......To be continued.......
3	Hash House A Go Go's reviews were good. People loved it so we were interested. We learnt about its famous BIG portions so we ordered 2 dishes for 3 of us. We got Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and 1 LB Burger w/ Apple Wood Smoked Bacon, Avocado, and Cheddar. I really liked the fried chicken. Though it was chicken breast, it was very tender and juicy. However, I was not a fan of its burger. The patties were dry and overcooked. Yes, it was huge, but no, it was not as tasty as it looked. It did not come with fries and to add a side of happy meal portion fries, we had to pay 2.99 more. Plus, our waiter spilled 1/3 of the fries on the table by accident and he just walked away. (rude) But seriously, this place is a-okay for food...
5	my all time fave breakfast spot ever!!! this place is hands down the best breakfast I've ever had! my sis, mama and i rolled in her on a weekday around 9, we had to wait about 15 min. not too bad. our waitress was super friendly and accommodating!.. she recommended a few things to try, and boy she was spot on! their coffee is very strong and stout! loved it! also, they home make their jams daily. my sis, mama and i finished off the strawberry jam on our table, it was divine! the food is such high quality and just wonderful! huge portions! we tried the corned beef hash, it was wonderful! it was like the deconstructed version of corned beef hash. the corned beef was so tender and delicious! we also tried their banana and brown sugar pancake, this thing was like the size of a large pizza!! it was wonderful! we love this place and can't wait to visit again whenever we go to Vegas!
5	Ridiculously good. We were trying to decide between Bellagio buffet and this place for brunch. We definitely made the right choice coming here. The food was delicious and they do not skimp on the portions.I had Andy's sage fried chicken benedict with bacon, biscuits, eggs and mashed potatoes, with a delicious creamy, spicy sauce. The plate was humongous and the layers had to be held together with an enormous steak knife. Delicious, delicious, delicious. My mouth is watering as I think about it. My husband had a pecan blueberry flapjack the size of a tire, which was tasty, but more impressive because of its size than anything. Friends had the house hash special (delicious) and the chicken and waffles (yum!). The waffles had bacon INSIDE them (brilliant!). I definitely can't wait to go back. Sure, I felt like a whale afterward, but so worth it.
4	If you're plan on trying this place, make sure you're HUNGRY. Not just a little hungry, but ready to eat a full plate and then some, then still be expected to breathe afterwards. Portions are HUGE there. I got the tractor driver with waffles and potatoes, playing it safe, just in case.- Potatoes tasted fresh and didn't have any extra nonsense added to it. - Eggs, they were nothing special, so plus for not messing it up, I guess. - Waffles, one word, thick. There is just so much to choose from. I do recommend the watermelon kiwi lemonade. Not only is it really really pretty when they first serve it, but it's also really good and quenches your thirst! Fresh watermelon too. One thing I didn't like was the music was extremely loud and hard to carry a conversation without wanting to yell to the person right next to you Come by here if you don't wanna stick around the strip!
5	love this place!every time i go to vegas i make sure i stop here and get some grub. nothing beats ordering something for brunch and having food for the rest of the day, haha. sage fried chicken benedict always a WIN! the chicken is nice and juicy. the batter is crispy even under all of the fired cheese and that chipotle sauce a must try for the people trying this place for the first time, one of the best sellers on the menu.the service, awesome they always treat you nice and checks up on your table frequently.
5	waited about 45 mins to be seatedordered food and waited about 25 mins to get my food. by this point i was pretty upset about the delay.but once i got my food, I forgot about everything. I ordered a burger stuffed with mashed potato and bacon.It was awesome. the burger did not even fit in my mouth. I had to eat it with a knife and fork. and the fries were awesome.prices are reasonable. you get your money's worth. 2 thumbs up!
4	Fantastically delicious food.  Went here for breakfast and was not disappointed with a GIANT blueberry/pecan flapjack, two eggs, and two delicious bacon strips.  I am a dark roast/Starbucks/tasty coffee connoisseur, and I thought the coffee was great.
3	The ONLY reason I am giving this place 3 stars instead of 2 is because our server was amazing!  He was so funny, very attentive and a lot of fun.  The food on the other hand, while eccentric was not full of flavor like I expected.  I ordered a side salad with the cucumber dressing and my lettuce was warm...hmmmm.  Not good lol  Then my mom got the chicken and waffles.  Why so much food? my goodness.  Anyway, the chicken needed salt big time, it tasted like they didn't season the chicken or the flour, I didn't taste any sage.  The waffles were chewy too, eww.  My hubby got the salmon and garlic potatoes, the salmon was fishy and also had no seasoning.  My friend got the sage chicken and penne pasta with the mushroom sauce.  I have made better.  It was just underwhelming.  You think it would be good because of all the celebrity signed menus on the wall but I just wasn't impressed.  Sorry. lol
4	I came here for brunch on a weekday. Just flew in last night from NY, so I'm excited about eating something different. I sat @ the bar & order a bloody marry. After all,  It is Vegas. So I check out the menu & I spot the Man vs. Food order. I forget the name but it has hash-browns, eggs,melted cheese, fried chicken, and some other things. I forget. Anyway, i get it & looks amazing. Great presentation. It tastes just as good as it looked. Let's just say, in the epic battle between Man vs. Food, man won!
4	Me and my friends went here for breakfast before we head home to california and this review might be a little off on my taste because I was SUPER drunk when I was eating here and excuse my bad memory.I order what was the man vs food favorite, the andy's chicken egg benedict. ( i think ) When my order came out, It was a really big plate of egg and chicken with biscuit topped with gravy. I devoured it in a matter of minutes. I thought it was pretty good but not all that great. All my friends love my dish especialy the egg because supposedly they could taste the butter in it. I couldnt taste the butter in the egg and didnt know what they were talking about but maybe that was just me being drunk. The other dishes I tried was the waffle and fried chicken from my friend's plate. I thought the chicken with the syrup was too sweet for me but I like the crunch on the chicken. I also remember eating the grilled potato bits or wedges and it was really crispy and good. The tangerine mimosa that got me even more drunk was a little too tangy for me. I like my mimosa more on the sweet side. Thats all I remember.Overall it was a good experience and being drunk just made the food taste even better :)
2	I agree with the reviews that think this place is totally overrated. Having seen the San Diego version on the Food Network and hearing rave reviews from friends, I decided to finally give Hash House A-Go-Go on Sahara a try to have breakfast with my sister and her two little boys. If you are looking for a brunch place on Saturday where you can actually hear the person sitting next to you, not the place to go. First, being 10:30am on a Saturday, there was a 30 minute wait for first available (inside or outside). There's minimal spots to sit inside so we had to wait out in the chill. When finally seated inside, a DJ was blasting Lady Gaga so loud, I couldn't hear what my five year old nephew sitting right next to me wanted to order. This "club-esque" music lasted most of the breakfast and was a very irritating. Maybe I missed the "Saturday Brunch Party" memo.I split a decent $8.50 Bloody Mary with my sister that came with a green bean, stuffed olive, and sweet pickle. I ordered what I thought was the "Warsaw Hash" which was a Brunch special they had for $10.95. After waiting 25 minutes for our food, the portion was pretty sizeable and I ended up taking half of it home. The quality, however, was a little bland. There were big chunks of ground Turkey and pieces of bacon and melted cheese on potatoes. Nothing amazing. I did try my nephew's cinnamon french toast and that was pretty yummy.Overall I found the place a mix of hipsters, hipster wannabes, and trendy yuppies looking for a place "cool" to eat at. The wait was long to sit, get our food, and get boxes and have the check paid. It took us an hour and fifty minutes to eat and get out. Definitely not a place for a relaxing breakfast.
3	The nearly hour and a half wait for food (45 min for table and 45 min after getting a table) was well worth it for a good meal to wash away the stupor from the previous night and fill up for the current day of activities.  The portions definitely are big which, if you do have an average appetite, is best for sharing and makes this place super affordable compared to going to a $20 plus buffet. The wife and I shared the bacon and avocado burger, which is a pretty massive burger with two patties spillilng over the sides of the bun.  The patties are pretty thin though, so they are not as juicy if they actually fit on the bun propertly or were just one single patty.  Still, it made it easier to bite into and was still pretty tasty with plenty of thick bacon and crispy fries. We also shared the biscuits and gravy with some others at the table, which the biscuit was really dry, but you didn't notice it much drowned in a peppery, chunky sausage gravy.  Definitely worth searching through the depths of the Imperial Palace.
5	I live in Huntington Beach, CA. and vacation in Vegas when possible. My last trip to Vegas I had the extreme pleasure of eating breakfast at this fine establishment. I have to say in my honest opinion i haven't had a breakfast that has ever or will ever compare to it again. I ordered the Fried Chicken and Waffles. Huge Portion, enough to fill me up till dinner time! Bacon was cooked finely into the waffles which had carmelized or crystalized maple syrup on top of them, I thought how weird but good lord it was like a symphony of dankness on my palet. The fried chicken was very freshly cooked and on the plate there was a sauce for the chicken of the likes of which i cannot compare with any other. These combinations made for a breakfast I to this day wish i could enjoy over here in California. I heard there is one in San Diego but am unsure if its the same company or not. People rave about Roscoes Chicken and Waffles down here, which i have not had, but given the quality of this food and the way it was prepared i cant imagine that any other breakfast joint has anything on Hash House A Go Go. This is a must people. Manditory for any tourist or local to dine at. Very Original, Very Clean, Very well done! Thnx Hash House!
5	Don't eat 24 hours before going, and you won't need to eat for the rest of the day after eating here!! The portions are larger than life!  Not only that, but they fold in so much flavor into the food!!  Love this place, and so does everyone else so be prepared for a wait.The pancakes are as big as a steering wheel.  They are very well flavored and just the perfect twist to a breakfast classic.  But breakfast doesn't stop there.  The chicken and waffles I enjoyed ...seriously I had to take an aspirin afterwards b/c I felt heart palpitations from all the fat/carbs/overload!  Another great selection is fried chicken benedict.  It has everything you want out of a meal.  Fried chicken, mashed potatoes, biscuit, gravy, eggs, DELISH!The wait staff was very friendly and very honest in their opinion of what's good and not good on the menu.  Plenty of parking.  Bathrooms are clean.  Staff is friendly.  Atmoshere is casual.  Great place to bring your kids...they can scream and it's so noisy...you won't hear them. Mmmm enjoy that chicken and waffles my friend ;)
4	I came here a couple months ago on my most recent Vegas trip.  We came on a Monday (right before we returned to CA), and it wasn't as busy as I thought, but it was a Monday and people eating there on this day are probably locals.My friend's girlfriend said that this location is much bigger than the San Diego location.  The portions are huge, go hungry or be prepared to share.  If you do share, order a side because you'll be charged a plate splitting fee - this was suggested by our server - if I remember correctly, the splitting fee cost more than ordering a side.  He was one of the best servers I have experienced.  People are not kidding when they say the portions are huge.  I saw the pork tenderloin being served to someone, it seriously looked like the size of my head.We went with the chicken and waffles with a side of bacon.  I guess we totally missed reading the description because inside the waffles there are whole slices of bacon!  The chicken was fried perfectly, but the maple sauce was just too sweet for my taste with the chicken, it's nice with the waffle though.  My friend and his girlfriend got this scramble (don't know the name) but it had avocado, bacon, and other stuff, it looked really good, I think that's what I'll order next time I go.Overall, this is a nice place to try and experience, especially the next morning after a night of clubbing and drinking!
1	Rancid potatoes, greasy eggs, surly service, uncooked dessert, bad, bad, bad. This place sucks! At noon we got rancid overcooked potatoes, water for one only at a table of four, surly stupid service-when we finally got the attention of a waitress, her first response was "what's the problem"? We were not alone in our distress, all around us sour faces and food sent back to the kitchen. Don't go here!
3	Its just the large portion size of decent food. Nothing special. How in the world is one person going to eat their own dish. This is why america is so overweight...You have to pay extra to split a plate. Tasty food if you're really hungry, but I'd rather just go buffet and have my options of what I want to indulge on. Did you see their pancake?! its spills over the side of the plate!
4	We went cuz a friend suggested it, I was amazed at the amount of food, but the cost was not that bad either. We went for Lunch, and I asked to see the dinner plates it was doubled the size. They serve so much food; it was different and exciting to watch people's expressions. It was crowded and the Host was great and got us in less then 5 min. They pay attention to their guest, and that is important even though we had a waiter, they were all willing to wait on you no matter what, the food was tasty. Waffle w/Bacon, Pancake w/ banana and glazed Brown sugar wow no syrup was needed. My husband could have eaten it all however it was so much to eat you couldn't.
2	Let's be honest folks, you saw this place on your Tell-A-Vision and were hoping to catch a celebrity eating here or you were simply wanting to be able to brag back home that you ate here after you:(Choose one or more) A. Lost your ass at the poker table.B. Won huge grips of money at the craps table.C. Banged two hookers at the same time.D. Snorted lines of coke off a stripper's ass at Spearmint Rhino.E. Robbed a casino.F. Base jumped off the fake 1/2 sized Eiffel Tower.G. Insert your own exaggeration here.I noticed a trend in the ratings.  Most out-of-towners give Hash House A No Go high marks whereas Vegas locals (which I was for 11 years) call it out for what it really is.  An expensive, over-hyped diner that made it on a few cable travel/food shows which consistently serves up large portions of crap.Enjoy that big plate of dry, unseasoned, overcooked matter garnished with a big rosemary sprig!  I hope you at least managed to get Al Roker's autograph!
5	Well worth the 40 minute wait.  Every plate was stacked with delicious food, better come hungry and ready to grub.  My favorite was the pecan pancake the size of a dinner plate!  Off strip dining at its yummiest!
2	Was here about a year ago and liked it enough to go back.  Big disappointment this time.  The food was still pretty good although the waffles came out soggy on the chicken and waffles.  Home fries with the meatloaf hash were fantastic.  The meal was completely spoiled by the music which was so loud you could not talk to the person sitting next to you.  OK for a bar, not so much for breakfast.  I enjoy an off beat atmosphere as much as anyone.  But don't give me a headache with my breakfast.
4	alright, i had the waffles and fried chicken. the chicken sure does give albertsons a run for their money. it was JUST how i like my women. brown and crunchy on the outside, sodt and succulent on the inside. the waffles weren't too bad either. this isnt your standard eggo kinda waffle. this thing was a beast! next time im in town im definitely getting the beer with a side of bacon. the combination just sounds too good to not try once in your lifetime. all in all... 4 stars. woulda been 5 but the waitress i was trying to get change from to tip HER server was probably on her rag. oh well, you win some you lose some.
5	Not just huge portions, but very well prepared food with attention to detailSage fried chicken Benedict ... It's American breakfast done to the extreme. Definitely order one thing, and share with your better half. No human should finish any of their breakfast dishes solo. Hash House a Go Go is the most exciting breakfast place I've ever been to, and will definitely go back the next time I'm in town!
5	We heard about this place on Man vs Food.The portions were, as promised, huge. I had Tractor Driver Combo, brown sugar pecans, banana french toast. It was spectacular.I'm looking forward to going back to have the Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs which I have also heard is awesome.
5	I was reluctant to try this location since I'd been to the original one in San Diego. I arrived for lunch and was surprised there was not a long wait... NICE. This location is much larger and is open and airy vs the SD local. My order the ONE POUND burger with roasted red pepper & griddled smoked mozzarella with side choice of mac & cheese. This monster burger was huge with fresh hamburger (not pre made patties like the others) It reminded me of In and Out but on steroids and so much better. Check it out: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g8OnV26ywJlZpezdBnOWUQ?select=7RGPFx87hqiNwzhu5oxPog I felt like I was on Man vs Food, how do I even eat this? Just to handle the beast, I had to cut him in half which made eating him possible. I loved the flavor of the perfect combination of peppers, oozing mozzarella cheese and perfectly cooked patties. The ingredients - farm fresh purple onions, lettuce and tomatoes. The plate was decorated nicely with drizzled teriyaki sauce which was awesome to dip my burger for added flavor. The mac and cheese was also a huge portion but was not overly cheesy which I also enjoyed. This entree could have been shared between two people easily! Well who won man or food... did I finish it... HELL NO! I didn't want to crash and burn driving back to LA - lived another day to Yelp. Definitely will return to this location or will try the location at the M Resort.
2	THE HYPE THE HYPE! DONT BELIEVE THE HYPE!As a former local..I love to give my money and time to local (kind of) off strip places. We wanted to try it when living in Summerlin, but we just never found the time...so much to eat, so much to eat. This was my son's birthday wish, so it was granted.Pancakes - HUGE...super dry. Hashbrowns - ENORMOUS also super dry.  Eggs were what saved the plate (barely).  We couldve gone to Circus and had a nice quiet and tasty breakfast buffet ...but NO.  We couldve even gone to the cracked egg...but NO.  Waste of money and time and calories.  It's more of an adventure than a meal.
5	Seriously one order can feed three people.  Good food. Quick service.  No complaints
2	One star for the food and Once Star for the service.I have been to the hash house  a few times, but never have I experienced bad service until just recently.  I came here with my parents and sister.  Upon arriving we were told we had a 25 minute wait, which was fine.  However, once we were seated we had to wait 25 minutes to order drinks, and place our order (we did both at the same time).  Finally after waiting another 25-30 minutes we got our food.  I'm sorry but spending an hour and half to get mediocre food is just lame.I got a portabello burger with home fried potatoes.  I love the breakfast potatoes which is why I want to come.  Since I had never been for lunch I thought I would try a lunch item.  It sucked.  I didn't' get any sauce or cheese because of dairy..but they did not even offer any alternates. The end result was a bland lunch.This place is cute for breakfast, and fun to go to look at the epic food portions.  But after this past experience I won't come back or recommend it.
4	Go Go your ass to the Hash House A Go Go !!!for sure one of the best places i have been too for breakfast! Huge portions (i asked for a side of artichokes and they brought me a whole damn plate :) ) and i love the creativity in the food display and the huge variety in the menu/drinks as well. Everything was great ..chicken and bacon waffles, vanilla waffles, crispy potatoes etc....yummmmmA def must stop when you are in Vegas baby!
4	Amazing place. Went here on Wednesday and it was very busy but service was still good. Their food is top notch. Nothing gets close I mean I ordered a pancake with my eggs and this thing was bigger than my head and tasted amazing too. It takes long to get your food but I would imagine that's because the portions are huge. Overall this place is awesome. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because they could make their menus less confusing and the wait is long to get in.
5	Oh. My. God....AMAZING! (If you're coming here, try not to eat for the day because the servings are monstrous!)I have been to both this location as well as the one in Imperial Palace and would definitely recommend this one by far. (Imperial Palace had equally good food, but MUCH lower quality service). The decor is a bit different for both locations, with the Sahara location being much bigger, livelier, and more attentive service. As soon as we got there, we ordered. My boyfriend got the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and I got the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles....sorry, my mouth started watering just thinking about it.... The wait for our food was unbearable, mostly because waiters were walking by with pancake platters  with pancakes that took up the entire plate (about a foot in diameter)! I ordered a mimosa to ease my nerve. It was okay - too much champagne. Finally, our food came. Two plates of enormous proportions - my chicken and waffles were the size of my head! It looked really good, though: four bacon waffles, topped with perfectly fried chicken topped with a not-too-sweet maple glaze. (They had to drive a steak knife through it to make sure it didn't topple over). The chicken was tender, but fried in a bit of a spicy batter, which paired with the sweetness of the glaze, waffle, and bacon really well. Looking at his benedict, though, I had to take a sliver....which turned into half of his plate, haha. It was amazing! A perfect biscuit, topped with sage fried chicken, two eggs, bacon mashed potatoes, and hollandaise sauce. (Oh, and a slice of fruit to be healthy). The flavors came together so well! We ate so much, our stomachs looked like two balloons ready to burst. It was worth it, though. It's been a week, and I'm having withdrawals. If you're looking for a GOOD meal or want to be filled for days, or both, then go to Hash House - you won't regret it.
3	Huge portions, friendly staff, solid food and a decent bloody mary at a reasonable price.We have been many times and tried many things.  If you are going for brunch, expect to wait.  As for food, we have tried pretty much everything and the best dish is likely the Sage Chicken Benedict.  The hash plates are solid and (being I like sweet breakfast) the french toast and pancakes are also good.Go to Hash House a GoGo for a large breakfast with a large bloody mary and expect to pay a very reasonable bill when you're done.  Is it the best breakfast ever?  no.  But you would have a hard time finding a better all around breakfast deal and if you go in with the right expectations, I'd be surprised if you didn't enjoy the meal.
4	Compared to most casino food in Vegas, this will seem like gourmet! I thought the food was delicious, the service good and the price reasonable. I'd definitely go back for seconds!
4	Portions are enormous!  Always a plus for me.  I ordered the sage chicken and mash potatoes.  Chicken was a lil too chewy, which made it hard to swallow, but overall it was good!  Service was good.  Creative menu since sometimes I cant decide whether I want breakfast or lunch.  Many things were mixed together, which I liked.  Def recommend for something non-strip when your in Vegas.
2	Wild menu..huge portions .. Just ok.
4	Portions that would make a fat kid blush. Great presentation, delicious dishes, and always a genuinely friendly wait staff. All conflict comes from unmet expectations, so EXPECT to wait for your yum-yums. Plan on putting your name in, grabbing a BLT Bloody Mary (Kelly will make this for you) and chatting with your friends for at least a half hour until you get your table. I've been seated outside, on the patio, and in the bar, and all is well. My Greggo would suggest the chicken and waffles, and upon each dare, has successfully devoured all (don't judge him.) I have loved the Tractor Driver Combo, the Benedicts, and the hash.....om nom nom.
4	I walked into this place during spring break in the middle of the week with my wife and kids.  I was wearing my Pau Gasol Lakers jersey because the Lakers were going to play that night.  As soon as I walked in, the hostess compliments me on my jersey and the bartender asks me if the Lakers are going to win that night.  Right away they got brownie points for being Laker fans and making me and my family feel welcomed.Since we got there around 11:30AM, we beat the lunch rush and they sat us down in less than 5 minutes.  The place is nice and open with lots of noice and ambiance going on, perfect for a family with small kids.  My sons ordered the kids pancakes and my daughter order the chocolate chip pancakes.  My wife and I shared the Sage fried chicken and waffles, because I read on yelp how huge the order is.  My kids pancakes where huge.  My 6 year old some how managed to finish his pancake, and he's a skinny boy.  Even the waitress was impressed he was able to finish such a large pancake.  I had a taste of the two different pancakes and they were good, were they the best I've ever had, no, but they aren't bad.  As for the Sage fried chicken and waffles, yelpers were not kidding, this is a huge order,  it's definitely perfect for 2 people to eat.  The Sage fried chicken was extremely tasty and the waffles were like heaven, especially with the bacon made into the waffles.  The combination of the Sage friend chicken, waffles, bacon and syrup was delicatable.  I have been to Roscoes Chicken and Waffles in Los Angeles several times, and I have to admit, this place blows away Roscoes for the fried chicken and waffles dish.Next time I'm in Vegas or San Diego, I will definitely drop on over the Hash House A Go Go to try some of their other tempting dishes.  Make sure to come with a huge appetite, because all their dishes look pretty big.
4	This is a really interesting place. As mentioned before he portions are huge and they have some inventive monstrous creations such as the Andy's sage fried chicken. In terms of flavor, I remember the first 50 or so bites were good but then I started feeling sick from overeating. Next time, I think I'll just order a box with my entree.
4	All I can say is WOW! great ambiance, the HH Mimosa was fabulous, I'm not even going to talk about the waffles and chicken.
5	Great food. HUGE portions. Been here a couple times. Not too busy on a Saturday morning. The food is very well done and Tue service is great.
4	Probably like many, I made it a point to show up here after seeing it on Man vs. Food. While I know (being in the industry) that television effectively glamourizes everything, I was particularly caught-off guard by the down-to-earth-diner feel it had. Very low key. I sat at the bar and my coffee was served immediately and hot and it tasted pretty good too boot. I ordered up a Chorizo hash and it was served fast and hot and extremely tasty. I can't complain about this place a bit. Cheap, great food, great coffee.
4	Our Vegas trip was coming to an end and we had one more stop before taking the long road home, HASH HOUSE A GO GO!!This place is FREAKIN' awesome!!We arrived at the right time (between 11:30a-12:00p on a Monday) because we were seated almost immediately. Shortly, a crowd of customers were gathering in the waiting area. We ordered our drinks then preceded to take a closer look at the menu.I was COMPLETELY overwhelmed by the menu because EVERYTHING looked so good! There were four of us total and I didn't want to order the same thing as someone else, so that we could all have a taste of something different, I ordered the House smoked salmon benedict with fresh asparagus, sundried tomatoes, chili cream and two basted eggs. The rest of the table ordered: Andy's Sage Chicken with waffles, Corned Beef hash with red onions and swiss cheese, and Andy's sage fried chicken benedict with fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs. I totally surprised myself in ordering the salmon benedict. I'm not much of a fish person and the idea of having it for breakfast sort of disturbs me. But I was glad that I ordered it, I really enjoyed the chili cream because it gave the dish a nice kick. We were kind of disappointed in Andy's fried chicken because it didn't have as much flavor as we had expected. It was  TOTALLY under seasoned! Another dish that surprised me was the corned beef hash. I was sort of expecting a pile of hash that looked like something that came out of the can, but it was actual strips of corned beef. They were nicely seasoned and quite tasty! I would have eaten more, but it wasn't the dish that I ordered. The price for a single dish ranges from $11-15 bucks, which is SUPER reasonable for the amount of food you're served. A single order of food can easily feed two people. I will definitely visit Hash House A Go Go on my next trip to Vegas because you just don't find that kind of breakfast food anywhere else!!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! My all time favorite breakfast spot HANDS DOWN of all the breakfast places I've been to in SD. I'm a biiiig breakfast person and I pride myself on having a super picky appetite.  I am a flavor snob and Hash House flies with flying colors in my book.   The ingredients they choose for each dish comes together very nicely and the flavors meld into each other in the final dish they present at your table.  They use fresh ingredients and you can definitely taste it in their dishes.  The wait is at least 30 min, so be ready to feed them meters with your  quarters you collected this past week to do your laundry.  The consolation is that they have freshly brewed coffee for you to drink while you wait.  One dish can be shared amongst two people and they don't frown upon sharing dishes amongst a few people.  You'd be wise to keep that in mind when ordering for your group of two or more.
5	Muslims have Mecca. Surfers have the North Shore. Hillbillys have NASCAR tracks. Everyone has their own personal Holy Land. Mine is Hash House A Go Go. I started writing yelp reviews because I love breakfast. Now that I have been to Hash House A Go Go I might weep like Alexander the Great because there are no more worthy breakfast places to conquer.We arrived to a packed house on a thursday mid morning to a packed house. It is always busy. We sat at the bar and introduced ourselves to Randy the bartender, who was cool as hell. While he was super busy, he didn't give a hurry up vibe. My buddy Bear, (who has eaten Sayler's 72oz steak and fixings, making him my personal hero) stated he was hungry and order the fried chix eggs benedict and an additional waffle. Randy asked him if he was sure because that was going to be a lot of food.Bear said 'I'm hungry".Randy said "If you finish it all I will buy the waffle"Line in the sand drawn, challenge accepted. The fried chick benny is awesome. Fried cheese. Biscuits. Mashed taters. Eggs. Something green. Heaven. I couldn't finish mine. One of the guys, Steve, had the most delecious smelling and looking plates of french toast I have ever witnessed complete with fried bananas on top. Indeed it was the Best French Toast Ever because we went back the next morning and I had it. Back to the Challenge. Bear gave it it a mighty attempt, eventually mixing all the waffle and benedict together and shoveling it in. In the end the waffle got the better of him. Randy said it is the farthest he has seen someone get. He asked Bear who should take the ticket for the Waffle. Like a trooper Bear said "Right here. I couldn't do it"  I think Randy appreciated Bear's stand and bought the waffle anyway. It was awesome.  If you go to Las Vegas, get off the strip and try this place. I am looking for a vacation condo near it, so I can live near the Holy Land.
1	Hash house a go go is a terrible place. The prices are high and the food and the service sucks. It's awful and overrated. All the food is fattening and garbage!!!
3	If you care about value, then this is the place to eat breakfast/brunch when you are in Vegas, at the Imperial Palace.  After hearing about this place on Man vs. Food, my buddy and I came with the intention of eating our one meal of the day here.  We were met with a half-hour long wait, plenty of time to let our appetites work themselves into a tizzy as we decided on what to order.  As the 2 of us sat down, the group of 5 ladies next to us suggested that we split a single dish.  We scoffed at their suggestion and proceeded to order 3 entrees, intent on guaranteeing a heart attack before the age of 50.The first dish to come out was the biscuits and gravy.  Now, I love biscuits and gravy in a way that is completely unnatural and unhealthy, some might say unholy, and I'm normally left wanting from weakly seasoned gravy with piddling amounts of sausage.  Not here!  There are meaty chunks of pork sausage in a nicely peppered gravy base over a couple hearty and moist biscuits, covered by scrambled eggs and sitting over a mound of mashed potatoes.  Hot damn, this was definitely one of the best breakfast items I've ever had and I will be back for this and only this when I come back to Vegas.The item that had been featured on Man vs. Food and found its way into my dreams was the fried chicken benedict.  Overall, it was pretty satisfying but here's my beef with the dish. #1, you should call it a benedict if you don't poach the eggs, the yolks need to run all over the place and threaten you with delicious Salmonella, scrambled eggs is simply weak sauce.  #2, the benedict was served on biscuits, which was awesome cuz they were delish, but everything was then surrounded by a wall of mashed potatoes that turned the base into a gloppy mess.  #3, the fried chicken sounded fantastic as described by Adam Richman, but overall the seasoning left me wanting.  #4, I know bacon makes just about everything better, but this was a bit much.  And what's this about tomato slices?  Is this becoming a salad?!  The flavors together would've been better off in some God-forsaken breakfast sandwich but this was just too unwieldy.  Overall, I felt like less would've been more.Finally, the 3rd item ordered was the Kokomo, aka the meatloaf sandwich.  Whoever their baker is, they deserve a prize, because the milk bread that they grill for this sandwich is simply fantastic, just as good as their biscuits.  The meatloaf was well-seasoned and extremely satisfying with good quality beef.  The only problems were the overload of roasted tomatoes, which gave me immediate heartburn with a single whiff, and the side of mac and cheese that, contrary to what our nice waitress said, was the most pedestrian mac and cheese I have ever eaten (you're better off eating Kraft Easy Mac), unsalted and watery penne in a strange mish-mash of oddly flavored cheeses.  The best part of all of the meal (other than the biscuits and gravy) was that we housed 3 plates of food with people staring at us in awe/fear/shame, and I felt I channeled my inner Adam Richman to successfully defeat our challenge.For the prices, I'm not sure if any place in Vegas will give you as good a deal as the Hash House.  If you're a sane person, you could probably split a dish or order one and take the remnants home.  If you are looking for a gourmet breakfast, however, you may need to move on.
5	OPMG can't go wrong with anything! But my favorite is the the hammered pork tenderloin eggs benedict with cream sauce!!!!!!!!!1 Its bigger than my freaking head and I only finished 2/3s of the damn thing soooo goood.... the bacon cream sauce they put on that thing is so delicious.... and my runnder up is not the sage fried chicken eggs benedict pretty massive and really good..... Coming here is my new Vegas tradition!
4	The $15-$20 cab ride off the Vegas strip was totally worth it here.  We first heard of this place when a local roulette dealer told us good brunch places to eat that does not have long lines like the Wynn brunch.We got seated immediately since we went to this location before it was on the TV show Man vs Food and the Imperial Palace location.Fresh juice:  lemonade, watermelon, and OJ.  All juices were freshly made, without any additives.The portions are large, so order 1 entree of each type of food you want to try and share!  Food:  Sage fried chicken benedict massive strips of chicken strips on top of eggs that had a chipotle cream sauce rather than the typical hollandaise sauce.  A side of yellow watermelon was served with this as well.  I guess fruit can be seasonal so who knows what you will get when.Chicken and waffles:  3-4 pieces of waffles with additional 3-4 pieces of sage chicken strips, that is topped off with syrup, and fried scallionsBanana pancake:  the size of this pancake is as twice as big as your head.  Pretty fluffy, but nothing too different about this dish.  I would have preferred ordering something else that was more unique to the place.
5	If you love to eat, you love good ole' fashion American Dinner fare then this is the place to be after your night of debauchery!!!!!!
1	it's all about the WOW factor when they bring you a huge plate of food.  quality was lacking, we thought we'd rather go to dennys next time.  the coffee was from the bottom of the barrel both time, nothing flavored available.  should i really have to get up and ask for a spoon, butter, creamer, splenda because our waiter andrew was terrible. and no toilet paper in the loo?  REALLY? once is enough.
4	Delicious! The unique breakfast items are outstanding and come in huge portions. All of the eggs Benedict are fantastic. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that 1) the bartenders struggled to keep up with the orders of my group (basically a few bloody marys and a few mimosas) and 2) the location is a bit out of the way, about a $20 cab ride from the strip.
4	Love this place,  My husband and i ordered the saged fried chicken benedict because we saw this dish on "Man vs Food". This dish was like $14 and the both of us could not finish it.. It was massive and very tasty.  Got a slight heart burn after eating it was it was a good experience.  Definitely will come back.. but this time with a super empty stomach.
2	So they serve massive portions of food and then try and squeeze my fat ass into a booth that had to have been made for a child. If your skinny and eat giant piles of food, give it a try, it you have some weight on you be ready to be embarrassed. I just left.
5	The first stop that we made was a pretty well know spot away from the strip. Hash House A Go Go was amazing. The eatery is well known for their over sized food, and breakfast hash. We decided to order the roasted chicken hash. Like all of the other hashes it is tossed with crispy potatoes and topped with 2 eggs and is accompanied with 1 HUGE biscuit, but this hash has roasted chicken breast meat, garlic, onions asparagus and rosemary. It tasted so fresh and the chicken was moist and full of flavor. The biscuit was no afterthought either. Each table had what I think was a fresh strawberry rhubarb preserve to top your biscuit with.Finally, we also ordered the over sized brown sugar banana flap jacks. These cakes were crunchy on the outside and soft and moist on the inside. I wish I had a picture but we were so hungry, it was too late, all the more reason for you to go see it for yourself.
5	Always the best breakfast place! Best French toast, thick crispy bacon....so yummy!!!
5	Yes yes yes I went here because of watching Man vs Food..... I ordered the Fried Chicken Eggs Benny with the Chilpolete Bernaise sauce. I can tell you I was impressed all of the flavors together was amazing if you are in San Diego, CA. or Las Vegas (about 5 miles off away from the strip) you should stop in and order this dish. Portion is way tooo much!!! I suggest sharing it and paying the split charge :)
4	WHY: I have been here a couple times, taking my touristing friends and family to see what everyone is and has been raving about.WHAT:  The food certainly comes in huge portions, so I've always shared.  The dish that I suggest everyone should try at least once, is Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict! It is named after the dude on Man vs. Food. I love condiments, so I usually ask for a side of gravy just in case there isn't a part of the benedict that hasn't been slightly drizzled with gravy, haha.The hot drinks are really good too, BUT my all-time favorite drink is the Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade! This drink alone is what keeps me coming back! They puree watermelon, add kiwi syrup, all into lemonade which makes it HEAVEN! TRY IT!
3	Love the ambiance of the place. Fun and upbeatService was a bit slow as the server was never to be found. It took about 10 mins for her to take our order. Heard of this place from a couple of friends and Man Vs. Food, so we wanted to check it out.We ordered the Mango Ice Tea: For the price and no refills, I was expecting something great but it was plain old ice tea you can get anywhere. Fried Chicken Benedict: Man Vs. Food favorite, The Fried Chicken was lightly breaded and very dry.Didnt taste like fried chicken to me. I could barely taste any egg, but the cream sauce was good though. Corned Beef: OkayAlthough I did want to try it I will def not be coming back.
4	AMAZING food. Terrible service.
5	This place does NOT taste like Denny's. I hate Denny's and love this place.Correct - the portions are unnecessarily huge. I think the flavor is unique in a lot of the dishes. I like their famous Benedict and the chicken and waffles with the maple sage reduction was also really good. The french toast is really great too - but I'm a sucker for fried bananas - so I feel those make that dish. The staff is nice - the food came out quickly - the wait wasn't too crazy (and I'm usually there on weekends) - and the prices are more than fair. This may seem weird but the stainless steel tables are freezing - like 'uncomfortable to put your hands' on freezing. And the decor is okay but I don't know if it's that "trendy". The decor reminds me of a barnyard version of Chipotle. But who cares - its about THE FOOD - and the food is really good. I always have to go to Hash House if I visit Vegas.
4	This place is actually really good!Went here once with my girlfriend awhile back.  We both mistakenly ordered two of the scrambles that were on the specials menu.  We were not impressed at all..  I'm glad we gave it a second chance..We ordered two items and split them.  The first was the French Toast.  It was delicious!  There was nothing simple about this dish.  It is dipped in a banana cream batter.  And topped with fried bananas.  If you don't like bananas, avoid this.  They put the maple syrup on prior to serving, which is fine because it would just make the french toast soggy.  The banana batter helps to keep the french toast from being dry.  We also ordered the fried chicken benedict.  This was great as well.  It's a little messy, but every ingredient was good.  I did not see anything spectacular about the fried part of the chicken.  Not much seasoning in the batter.  But the chicken itself was moist and flavorful.  I would prefer other egg options than just scrambled in this dish.Overall, the food we ordered was great!  And surprisingly, we ate most of these large portions.  The service was also good for us.  We will definitely go back to try other dishes!
2	SERVICE IS A MUST! Immediately, my expectations were high thanks to Man v. Perhaps too high. After arriving with a party of 7, me and the crew realized that we should have sat separately as it took nearly 15 minutes for someone to happen by and take our drink order. One of the members of our group was unsure of his order so we asked the server to take the rest of them and put them in. She took the orders and never placed them instead she waited another 15 minutes and finally took my friends order and placed it with ours. After the third trip to the table it was impossible to find he again. We confronted the manager and he said he would take care of it. Which apparently meant she was going to complain to us about our issues with her services. She finally came back to the table and said "So, you told my manager your not happy with my services?" awkward...and yes that is what she said. No apology, no attempt to make it better, no refills and the service got worse. Service is a BIG part of going out for me. The food can be terrible but if the service is great I just may go back. If you have the BEST food in the world and the service is lousy I will not go back. As for this place I will NOT be going back! As for the food... well, it was okay but it was hard to get past the server. Give it a shot and hopefully, your experience with the staff is more pleasant.
3	I think my expectations were just too high. Like what other people have said in their reviews, I saw this place on Man V. Food so I expected it to be absolutely fantastic. But it wasn't, it was just...ordinary. Which makes me sad. Maybe I shouldn't have got the scramble, it was just boring and plain, there was no kick to it or anything that made it special. I tried a friends 'Andy's Fried Chicken and Eggs Benedict' and it was also just boring tasting to me. The portions are huge though, if you are staying at a hotel I would recommend sharing a plate, because you won't have anywhere to put your leftovers. I MAYBE finished half of my food. They do charge a split-plate charge, which is just absolutely ridiculous to me. They should offer lower portions sizes at lower prices, but that's just my opinion. Also our server was kind of rude. We went with a group of 8 and she brought out one bill. When we told her we needed the bills seperated she got all pissy. Why would you just expect a group of young adults to pay one bill? Give me a break lady.
1	Most vile, disgusting breakfast I've ever had. Shit House a Go-Go is a great big no no. I was so mad when I left at being ripped off by this nasty place. Cold, huge portions of very bad food.
4	So much food, so good too.  All you need to get is the brown sugar banana pancake.  Everything else on the menu is real good but this is on a hole other level
5	This was the only highlight of my stay in the hotel. On our last day we wanted to go out with a heavy breakfast before the long drive back to Los Angeles. Our wait was about 35 minutes but totally worth it.  Food portions are GIGANTIC! In order to really enjoy your food, you need a appetite.  The slogan does not lie in terms of a twist on farm food. The inside as well is very well set up in terms of feeling like you are in a upscale diner with farm twist to it.  This may have been the best breakfast experiance I have ever had, especially for the right price.My girlfriend for starters got a S'Mores mocha that looked like a Frankenstein creation of a drink. Marshmallow was melted on top with chocolate and graham cracker mixed in it. The drink was huge and we did not want to touch it since it looked too good to drink. We started to actually sip it with a spoon like soup because of the sheer size and an inch deep layer of marshmallow on top. I highly, highly recommend the drink.In terms of what I ate, I got the french toast which came with 3 giant slices of french toast, scrambled eggs, half a fried banana and two big strawberries. I could not finish my meal because I was so full.  No exaggerations here on size of food. Whenever a server walked by with someones food, people at other tables would be staring at the mere size and display of the food. When I was walking out, I saw some giant sandwich or sorts with a even larger knife sticking in the  middle of it. The displays of food sets this place apart from any other breakfast joint.I can't wait to come back here.
5	This place is swamped but well worth the wait... People can knock on this place but lets be honest they make damn good food and the portions are definitely some of the largest you can eat.  If you show up and the place is banana's (btw banana latte is legit) then try to check in and flirt at the bar and you might get lucky and seat yourself without the wait (your are welcome).The meat loaf is crazy good, there are a few options of having it, I have owned some and they are tasty.  The Chicken and waffles are amazing!  Love coming back to this place when I can.
3	Hash House is a two-headed beast.  It's got VERY creative presentation that is so wildly over-the-top and Vegas-y that it's hard not to love the place. The flavor combinations sound amazing in the descriptions and the menu is full of incredible options.However, the portion sizes, visually impressive as they are, are pretty much the sum total of what is wrong with us in America.  They're like an all-you-can-eat buffet in one dish. The problem with that is: A) you don't have a choice of how much to take and I guarantee you can't reasonably eat much more than half of it, and B) you don't really want to take it home because it's just not that awesome tasting.The flavors are surprisingly blah, considering the descriptions. It's easy to understand why, when you see the sizes and you realize that not all that much care could possibly go into a dish of that size.But, I still really liked the place.  Kind of like everything else in Vegas, it's a fun place to visit but you don't want to stay too long!
4	Disclaimer: Ok...I actually went to the location inside the M Resort/Casino - but whatever, this one will do. If you watch enough "Man Vs. Food" you'll see this place show up in the LV episode. While I was staying at my buddy's place in Las Vegas this past weekend, I saw that episode, and asked him if it was worth going to, or just TV hype. He said it was definitely not crappy...so...off we went. Giant portions. Crazy food presentation (I dare you check out the pot pie!). Fairly reasonable cost considering the gigantic portions. They make one helluva strong Bloody Mary too! The one thing of note for me was the fact that the ingredients were SUPER fresh, and rivaled anything fresh I could get here in California. You could tell the eggs were farm fresh. The meats were tasty and not full of preservatives, and the veggies were full of flavor. Well worth the visit...just be prepared to not eat the rest of the day....
4	Hash House A Go Go is a place that you might both fear and love. It's like a roller coaster or a hot temptress. You know it's bad for you, but you still want it. Hash is definitely a true battle of Man verse food. They contribute to our the great over-sized nation of ours. Please check your diets at the door. I was extremely excited to try out Hash House, because all the reviews I read made it sound so amazing. It is very hard to find a great place for breakfast in Vegas. I was tired of waiting in a huge line at Paris Buffet, so I thought it's time to go on a Man vs. Food trip. Most of the time, I cannot stand places that have too much hype. Most things that are over hyped usually suck like the Crapple iphone and Verizon's I CAN'T hear you now network. Also, In-N-Out... It's good, but not crack like most people say it is.. (I don't endorse or use crack). Even though, I tried to come here without the high expectations, it was unavoidable. I felt like a little kid on Christmas morning. First off I am not a idiot! A lot of the bad reviews I read were from people that waited 2 hours and didn't like their food. I'm sorry, but if you waited 2 hours to eat anywhere I would be bitter too! I only waited 5 minutes maybe 10 minutes max, so suck on that! Haha. I went on a weekday around 9am. Brilliant!!!!I know the portions are big, but how's the quality? Did you finish dish by yourself? I don't like pigging out should I still go?The key is bring a friend and share. The quality is good! Don't expect a 5 star restaurant or a new cuisine from a top chef. This is simple breakfast food on steroids. I highly recommend having 2 stomachs and consulting with a doctor before coming here. To my surprise the customer base was a lot smaller than I expected. The restaurant was packed shortly after I arrived, but there were no Plus sized models here. I saw some normal sized patrons and a few gorgeous model types. I really was set on trying the Sage Chicken Benedict, but since my friend was not a fan of hollandaise sauce I went with the Chicken and Waffles of course! Let's just say Roscoe's has nothing on Hash House! I thought Roscoe's clogged arteries, but Hash made Roscoe's look like a Diet Soda verses a Milk Shake. The Chicken was very juicy and extremely crispy! I really like the corn flake batter, although the spices were a bit lacking, but nothing hot sauce can't fix. The chicken cannot beat Roscoe's, but that's not a fair comparison. You definitely get 4 times the food of Roscoe's for the same price. I am very picky Fried Chicken eater, so I wish they would find some Grandma's secret recipe for Chicken so this dish could become 10 instead of a 7. The waffles with bacon inside.... Wow. A tear came to my eyes... you had me at bacon. I thought that waffles couldn't be any better, but you took my fork away! If I was lucky enough to have the genetics of Brad Pitt or LL Cool J, I would eat these waffles everyday.Should you try Hash House a Go Go? YES! Unfortunately, I only have one stomach and I could not finish half of a dish by myself. If you are a picky eater, you may want to take your snobby as$ else where. If you are a huge breakfast fan, like me, give Hash a try. Bring a huge appetite and go early. Note to self, don't order the large Orange Juice next time, it was so large I did not finish it. Fresh OJ with out much water, it was like trying to drink a huge carton of concentrate. I will go for a tasty small next time. Stop staring at the pictures and go try it already!!! COME Onnnnnn. :)
4	I went to Vegas over Memorial Day weekend. One of my friends mentioned he saw Hash House A Go Go on Man vs. Food and wanted to check it out. Little did we know the entire city of Vegas had the same idea. We went on Sunday at noon. There was an hour wait for a table of five. I was fine with the wait since that probably meant the place was good. We put our names on the list and went next door to Vamp'd for a drink while we waited. I recommend doing this if the wait is more than an hour. Vamp'd is a rocker bar. Lots of rock memorabilia on the walls, guitars, chopper behind the bar, and a coffin telephone booth (kind of cool, but creepy when you get in it). Very cool place to check out. And it made our wait go by fast. Hash House tells you their pagers sometimes don't work next door, but we didn't have a problem. Our table was ready, but they wouldn't seat us without our entire party. Two of us stayed at Vamp'd to pay our bill, which took 5 minutes. Good thing it didn't take longer because they were ready to give up our table.  Just be ready when your pager goes off!!! We sat down and it took a few minutes for our waiter to come over. Once he did, he was very helpful. I thought the ambiance was great. Everything that passed our table looked delicious! It was a tough decision on what to get. I ordered the roasted Chicken, garlic, onions, asparagus and rosemary House Hash. Our food took about a half hour. When my food came out barely warm, slightly cold I was a little disappointed. The Manager on duty came over and gladly had the cook make me a new dish. Mine was good, the chicken was a little dry. Could have used some sauce. There is A LOT OF FOOD for one person to eat. I highly recommend sharing a meal if your not a big eater. Or get a to-go box and give it to a bum. I would definitely go back. I think they have a lot of creative dishes. I will order something different next time. Everyone else liked their meal.Pros: Atmosphere, food selection, their mango margarita, friendly wait staffCons: The wait (even though it is worth it)
4	The food was amazing!!!! The wait is bad. Party of two had to wait a hour and a half.
2	I had heard of this place from Man vs Food and was intrigued by the food. I have eaten here three times and each time I have left crestfallen. I probably built it up too much in my head, I'll admit, but the food, while unique and different, is average overall. The best meal I had was the linguini with pesto sauce topped with a slab of meatloaf. The pasta portion was good but the meatloaf was very dry and gave me heartburn for hours afterwards. The meatloaf sandwich? Meh. And standard burger and fries was dry and bad as well. I have never tried anything from the breakfast portion of the menu so I will give it one more try and see if they redeem themselves.
4	Please share one plate. Portions are HUGE (except The Basics).Andy's Sage Chicken Benedict (on Man vs Food) was GOOD! The dish had so much tastes.The Chicken & Waffles were also delicous. The waffles had bacon inside; and the fried onions were excellent! I'm an onion lover, so the onions were the most delish item for me.The Basics is probably the only normal-sized meal at this place. This is a good dish for a light & fulfilling breakfast.
5	Had the Hardwood smoked bacon, avocado & cheddar burger......uh-mazing !! great food. great service.
3	I thought this place was so bomb but now that I think about it, it was okay. Located at the Imperial Palace Hotel, I came here with a group of friends before leaving home to Cali. I ordered their famous chicken and waffle tower. That thing is freaking huge so good thing I shared. The chicken was a little dry and stiff. The waffle tasted like a waffle. I did like the caramelized shredded green onions they had with it though. Meh, it was ok. The food definitely looks appetizing though but for me, it wasn't the best. We ordered the Kiwi Watermelon drink. It tasted weird to me. Well actually, it was good until I mixed it. I don't know what it was but it was weird. The service here incredible. Our waiter was so attentive to us even when he was clearly very busy. He was pretty cute too along with his other coworkers :P anyways, I wouldn't come back here if I was in Vegas, Maybe in San Diego though.
4	Crazy amount of food. Everything comes out high to the sky tall! Went there for Brunch and it was packed, but only about a 20 minute wait, so I had a pretty good Bloody Mary in the bar while waiting.  I tried the HH original Benedict and it was ok, but the potatoes were the best. The other in the party had the chicken and waffles and they were the BEST! I would come back and order one plate of those to share. Four waffles, two savory fried chicken breasts, maple syrup.
2	Hash House a no go..bwhahaha lame. Meh... its nothing special, Just another trendy spot. They give large portion's size is not always better! I had the chicken fried chicken. Kinda dry and the taters were icky. And they covered the whole thing with fried pasta??? Waaa??? Why? I'm all for garnish but why do it if there's no pasta in the dish itself and its tooth chipping hard? I don't understand the appeal...maybe large branches of rosemary have some kind of herb power. Went once...wont go again.
5	Awesome, must go, unique dining experience! The food and presentation are totally unique, what a breath of fresh air!  A must go destination for anyone visiting Vegas. I will be dining here on every Vgas trip from now on!  The food was great....and yes I visited because of TV's food network.
1	ugh. came here for breakfast a few days ago. seriously so overrated and unimpressive. it wasn't busy so we got seated right away. i will say the hostess was friendly though. a lot better than our waitress. after looking over our menu and getting some water we decided on some eggs, biscuits, fruit, and potatoes along with a bacon waffle. our waitress wasn't so helpful and was unsure of what a country scramble was. (how does a place that is suppose to be farmers food not know what a country scramble is?!) she also never came by to check back up on us or refill our waters which we downed pretty fast. about 20-25 minutes pass and we finally get our food complete with no refill on our waters. the food was basic and lacked a lot of flavor. the potatoes did not leave me or my boyfriend wanting more. the eggs had no taste to them. the best part of this plate was the biscuit and fruit, or should i say lack there of fruit. the bacon waffle was not that impressive either. i could have made better. in fact i think i have. i shouldn't complain about it though because it did have more flavor than the eggs and potatoes. yes, the food here may be pretty to look at, but they need to work on flavors and making my taste buds yearn for more. i hardly ate any. our waitress was awful. never checked on us and when i asked for a box she brought me back a wet box and plastic bag along with the wrong check. sorry lady, but you are not getting more than you should.i had such better hopes for hash house after everything i have read on them, but i don't think i can come back to this bland food.
5	Come hungry.I've been going to Hash House since it first opened a few years back. The food is consistently great and the servers are super nice. The portion sizes are ridiculously huge. I love the alcohol choices here as well. Pineapple mimosas= yum yum!My hubby and I always split what we get. If you don't want the extra plate charge the servers have told us to order an extra biscuit which is huge and always served with homemade jam (flavors depend on the time of year).I highly recommend the bacon waffle. It's a normal belgian waffle but has bacon infused into the batter and each corner has a slice of bacon hanging off of it. Life changing.
4	Hash House totally lives up to it's reputation. The fried chicken eggs benedict was amazingly delicious. The best fried chicken breast I've tasted, crispy, juicy inside. The gravy was fantastic but I wish they gave more of it.
5	AMAZING!!!! Wow great food great service! Will return portions are enormous loved bacon mash potato burger hubby had chix benny god so big soooo good
5	This place was a hidden treasure in the Imperial Palace.  Well worth the stop and search on our way out of Las Vegas.  I loved the service (specifially Kai at the bar and our server).  The place as well as our bartender/server was upbeat, fun and so congenial.  Great big portions and so yummy I was in a food coma.  I would go back and highly recommend it to others.
1	Let me start out by saying I still have not eaten here... The pictures however are making me rethink my stance.  A couple years ago I was so excited to go to this restaurant and even got something in the mail with pictures that I brought along with me.  It clearly stated the hours breakfast was served and as far as the ad was concerned we were on time.  However, when we sat down and I tried to order the picture, I was told they don't prepare eggs that way past a certain time of day.  That I could receive eggs prepared the way they said or not at all.  Due to my prior excitement over the picture, and as a customer being told there were eggs in the kitchen, but they would not use them the way they advertised, I was very deflated.  It ruined my appetite, we stood up without ordering or eating and have never been back since.  I am glad to see so many positive reviews, hopefully I will move past my grudge soon and finally try the food that aesthetically appealed to me before.
5	Yes, it is possible to eat too much Vegas buffet and eat too many pieces of sushi and literally whatever healthy options you can find.That's when I decided I needed some good ole fashioned breaky to slow down the good stuff that I had stuffed myself with at the buffet.Holy mother of all that is holy!!1!  The portions here are astounding!  From the monstrous hot chocolate to the chicken and waffle platter, I felt like a tiny little man in front of these gargantuan plates of "twisted farm food".  On my first trip (to Vegas and HHAGG) I noticed a sign that asked me to tweet my presence at this funky eatery to receive a special surprise.  Special surprise is right, I was given a PBR in a paper sack!  Quite the shift in gears from free cabernet at the roulette table, and might I add, welcomed.  I ordered one of the hashes which was brought promptly in a ten inch cast iron skillet.  "Was this heaven?"I had to pinch myself.So much for dieting.  It was our second trip to Vegas that sealed it for me.  I ordered the scrambles with sun-dried tomatoes, spinach and goat cheese.  This is one of my all time favorites, I will eat sun-dried tomatoes and goat cheese on anything, but it felt special mixed into my egg plate that was complete with a biscuit and home fried potatoes.  As a side I had to have their bacon.  The word straight from the owner's mouth was that it comes from a company that has been in business at least a hundred years and was chosen on its merit of being some of the nicest honey cured bacon in the land.  I'm sold.  Did I mention you could wear one of their flapjacks as a helmet and tie it under your chin?  Yep, they are as big as your fat head.  Hash House a Go Go has hundreds of reviews but I'm fairly certain I am the first to suggest wearing their food as protective gear.  Somebody make a Hash House a Ga Ga reference before I blow a gasket, I am in need of some good jokes.  This restaurant, however, is no joke when it comes to serving hearty portions of delicious breakfast food, and this foody is a slave to the twisted farm food frenzy for life!
5	Great food Great food but the hostess did seat people before us that came after us.I asked why that was and they said because they were a larger party. WTF. otherwise very happy with the food .
5	I'm giving this place five stars due to the food and service we received. I first heard about this restaurant on Man vs Food. I made it a point to come here the next time I went to Vegas. My friends and I all ordered different dishes. I ordered the Andy's Sage Chicken Fried Steak. That plate alone might be around 4000 calories. It is so freaking good. A little rich for my liking but it's definitely worth trying. My friend ordered the chicken and waffles. That thing is a tower of food, like literally. You get 4 pieces of really tasty waffles and 2 big pieces of chicken wings. Our waitress was Tiffany and she was awesome. She alone deserves 5 stars!
2	In the past years I've gone to this place a few times and it's been fantastic!  The servings were huge and the food fantastic!But since they've opened up more restraunts the quality of the food has really gone down and I'm sad to say that I won't be back to any of the Vegas restaurants.The past few times, in the past year and a half, at different Vegas locations it just wasn't as good.  Service isn't as good and the food is just blah.....San Diego's location, they say, is still fantastic.  It is the original!  Next time I'm in San Diego I guess I'll have to stop in and see if still is as fantastic as everyone says it still is!But as for Vegas locations......it's a NO for me.  I wouldn't reccomend them to anyone.
4	WATCH OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!The pile of food on your plate may fall on your lap!!!!!!!!!!!!If you are into tasteful, massive amounts of food, THIS IS THE PLACE...Great service, shocking portions and it tastes great.........You will skip lunch...... I suggest sharing.A GO GO THERE NOW!!!!!!!!!
4	The misses and I went for breakfast on our 1st day of vacation. Were glad we tried it and we def recommend trying it!!I had the Man V Food special and it was just that SPECIAL! it was something else, trying to devour it all, but i failed .. THE PORTIONS ARE AMAZING! The wife had the French Toast w/ Eggs and those are SPECTACULAR! We are super happy we had start the day here, it gave us plenty of energy for the day and we definitely had to skip lunch.The thing is about the food that its so rich, filling and down right fatty that the surgeon general should put a warning to have only once a week or your looking at a heat attack in no time.So with extreme goodness comes extreme balance!
3	I went with a group and we were very impressed with all the large plates of food. Everyone ordered something different but I most of us were disappointed. Eggs weren't cooked all the way through, the fried potatoes were bland. I had a chicken salad and should have asked if it was shredded chicken as I don't like the chunky chicken version. The sandwich was very large and was not impressed with a "tree" for garnishment. Next time I'll try the chicken and waffles or eggs benedict.
2	Ok, so I gave this place a second shot and pretty much had the same experience as before.  It was just meh.  Tried something different and it was slightly cold again.  I doubt that I'll ever go back.
4	After a long day of camping, we were hungry.  I'm talking about 4 grown adults, and 3 kids who can eat hungry. Cool atmosphere, even though we were there for dinner.  The service was good, as we had to cater to young kids and ended up splitting all the dishes.  I had the chicken and waffle, as well as the  benedict, and the portions are ginormous!  Very cool spot to eat at and share with family.  I see it as one of those novelty spots where you "must try once" just to say you did.  Overall a good experience.
5	I made the mistake of ordering my food without looking at other peoples' plates. I didn't notice the cyclopean heaps of steaming food on every table - I guess I was too wrapped up in conversation or something. But I doubt that as I rarely have much to say.I decided on the mashed potato and bacon stuffed hamburger while my girlfriend went with the salmon and a large glass of tangerine juice - a particular favorite of hers and hard to find on many menus. Then a neighboring table received their order - pork chops. Looking past the gargantuan pile featured on the plate I saw that one side dish was an entire ear of corn. I began to panic.Considering the amount of food served up, our orders came quickly and cheerfully from our server. Regret over my choice immediately consumed me and yet, I was excited by the prospect of attempting to consume approximately fourteen pounds of food in one sitting. The stack of my hamburger stood seven inches off the table's surface. I concluded right away that the fluffy bun on top could not be more than decoration, not intended to be consumed, like a garnish, and so it was discarded.The menu stated crispy fries came with the burger. I was expecting thin, hard sticks of fried potato, but these fries were among the best I've ever had. Light and crispy on the outside, perfectly chewy on the inside with just enough grease to qualify as a french fry. It's too bad I couldn't finish them since the rest of the meal consisted of a two quarter-acre hamburger patties sandwiching a full liter of mashed potatoes.It was easily the biggest hamburger I've ever seen that wasn't on TV trying to break a record. Knowing all too well that no human any smaller than Andre the Giant could pick this monstrosity up and take a bite out of it with their mere mortal mouth, Hash House supplied a huge steak knife stuck through the top of the so-called "sandwich." I am more likely to call it what it is - a gastrointestinal assassin, a destroyer of mens' spirits. The taste of the thing should not be in question. I will leave flowery descriptions of its taste and color and texture and the subtle hints of.... whatever to the real foodie types of Yelp. I am here to relate the experience, that is all.About 1/3 of the way into my behemoth of beef and bacon and mashed potatoes, the waitress asked how we were doing. Words escaped me at first, so I nodded too enthusiastically, trusting her not to think I was choking. Perhaps I was chewing. Maybe I was catching my breath mid-forkful. But then I had to ask, "Are these supposed to be shared between two people? Have I misunderstood the whole CONCEPT of the restaurant?" She assured me no, these are meant for individual consumption. It's sort of like Man vs. Food with every item on the menu. I threw my napkin down in defeat. My white flag draped across the seat.Somehow I kept eating for a long time, as did my date. We both managed to finish about 2/3 of our plates. I'm no competitive eater, but I feel that I can put food away. More than one person has told me I eat like I'm in the Army. Don't think, just keep shoveling it in. But the food won. During my stay at the Hash House, I didn't see anyone clean their plate. The pork chop lady needed more than one box to bring her leftovers home. I would have taken mine back if only my hotel room included a microwave oven in the same drawer as the Gideon Bible.I left the restaurant broken and slightly limping, but happy, sated. I didn't need breakfast the next day. Though I would have liked to see what kind of flapjacks this joint would turn out.
4	Had to make a stop at thee famous Hash House A Go Go, as a Man Vs. Food fanatic, I made it a MUST for this trip to Sin City. Stopped by in the late morning, early afternoon and was able to get a seat right away, definitely made me happy because I expected a long wait, and the cherry on top was the cute little hostess that took us to our table, I don't remember her name, but I was madly in love (maybe foreshadowing the love I was soon to encounter with the food? possibly).The menu does not do the culinary artwork of their entrees any justice. When the waiter came around to deliver our food, I felt like I was in a Dr. Seuss book, or was having a "bad acid" trip (and by "bad", I mean good). The artistic expression that they display in their food is something that you don't see everyday, or at least in a meal in which the bill won't total over $300 for two people. The food here, is breakfast food, or "twisted farm food" as they call it, and believe me, it will live up to the name. You will find stuff on their menu that isn't available at just any breakfast joint, some of which includes snickers flapjacks/pancakes (yes, you read that right! Snickers pancakes!!!) and something called the "O'hare of the Dog" a 24oz. tall can of Budweiser in a brown paper bag!!!, with a side of bacon. I couldn't come to Hash House and not order the Man Vs. Food special, It was the fried chicken benedict. It came towered upon mashed potatoes, topped with a biscuit, fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, scrambled egg, and the chipotle sauce. And yes, it was as tasty and delicious as it sounds. One bite and the culmination of all the flavors will both blow your mind, as well as bewilder your taste buds, but in the best way possible. All the elements of the benedict are on point and good quality, the portions of their food are huge, it was ($14.95) for my benedict, and that could easily feed two people. As I watched the waiter frantically walk back and forth from table to table, I couldn't help but become hypnotized by the aroma and the visual creativity of the other dishes served here. Fried chicken and waffles looked and smelt really delicious, that will have to be for next time however. Needless to say, Food won this battle. Food:1, Man:0, until we meet again Hash House A Go Go, UNTIL WE MEET AGAINNNN!!!!!!! (Shakes fist)
5	DAM THIS PLACE WAS GOOOD! I went with a party of 7 and ordered 3 dishes, 3 sides, and 4 drinks...with tax and tip it came out to $80.   the best part is that we are all FULL!The chicken and waffles had the juiciest fried chicken I've ever tasted in my life.  It was perfectly crispy and not too oily.  The waffles were also infused with bacon strips! CRAZY!I also had the corn beef and hash.  This dish was also really delicious because it was FRESH corn beef (not that can stuff)The last one was the french toast with bananas.  This wasn't one of my favs..but still good nonetheless.WARNING: as every other yelper mentioned...these portions are HUGE!!!!!  so come prepared with an empty stomach! =)
4	This place is definitely deserving of this rating because of the quantity and quality of the food.  The portion of the dishes are humungous. We came around 10am and there was already a line but the wait was well worth it.  The french toast was flavorful.  The food here is uniquely cooked up.  I will definitely make a stop here again next time I go to Vegas.
2	This is one of my "miss" food adventure. Too bad because it was a belated Father's Day brunch for my dad. We still enjoyed it in good spirit, as nothing is direly bad - like fly in the food or we came down with food poisoning - none of that.  What we did though, me and my dad, for a good part of the time spent waiting for our orders was discussing how the decor of the restaurant missed the theme by a ten foot pole. My dad is a professional interior consultant for large scale resorts and casinos with experience more than my age. Anyway, that's probably only for the picky eyes.  I mean, the restaurant is clean, well lighted, good circulation and definitely meet the standard for an "A" restaurant. The Food: I will summarize it in 3 letters abbreviation: T.M.E {Too Much of Everything!!!!!}.  If it is to feed a farm worker who tills the field, rolls the hays, stacks pavements stones and whatever hard-manual-calorie-burning labors a farm worker does, then yes the portion is sufficient. But for a paper pusher, computer staring, sitting on your butt all day, going everywhere with cars folks for whom a distance between 1 parking space closer to the storefront is like a matter of life and death, the portion is a little bit much. I'm being sarcastic. Honestly, the portion is waaaaaaaay too much! Hello, people??? Is the coffee they served not thick enough to wake you up that you can see the mound of food in front of you?? Literally the food was stacked up and jabbed through with a big knife. Cool to see, cringe to think that the plate is for one person... ... I can only roll my eyes as people shovel at least half of the plates into their mouths.  Hey, I like to eat and indulge here and there. Regardless of my size. But this is off the chart.The taste: Double word: "so-so"  (is it considered one word?) Nothing special here, folks, Move along! To quote the description of the stars rating "Meh. I've experienced better." And I have. Plenty times different other places. Does it taste bad? To be fair, not really. Was it excellent? I really won't go that far! My suggestion if you want to eat here:Treat this place like a family style dining, where you share the food. The more people you have in the party the better. For example: The specialty flapjacks can serve 4-6 easy. The hash can serve 2 if you don't order anything else, and 4 if you order the pancakes or waffles. We brought home the flapjack that morning, with the toasts, and we were full all the way until 7:30pm (that was a 10 hour filling breakfast!). Perhaps I should add 1 star for it's economical value? .. Nah :p
5	so, after a late night of over drinking we needed something to help us after we woke up drunker than skunks still! i googled best breakfast in las vegas and this popped up! thankfully google did not let us down!the wait was non-existent luckily because we chose to sit in the bar. the place is loud but it's worth it for the food you getthe quality is amazing. the portions are enormous. i'd consider the pricing fair considering how much they put into the food. my bf and i shared the chicken rosemary hash with a side of bacon. my friend got a vanilla waffle. thank god we shared because that was insane. it was bursting with flavors and the best part was definitely those crispy potatoes. yum overload. the biscuit was flaky and with the homemade peach jam was heavenly. but by the end of that meal i was bursting too. i tried some of my friends waffle and it was delicious. the thing was the size of her huge plate and somehow they got the whole thing to be fluffy in consistency.it's kind of out of the way but well worth the drive. theres also one located at the M before you head into the heart of vegas.
4	Very busy here even though it's off the Las Vegas strip.  We came here one weekend to check this place out and this place did not disappoint.The wait was long (~40 mins), but worth it.  I got Andy's Sage Fried Chicken which came with mashed potatoes, bacon, spinach, mozzarella, and scrambled eggs with biscuit.  This entree is so big that they stabbed a steak knife in the middle of it!My first bite of this monstrous entree was filled with the juicy taste of the chicken, coupled with the semi creamy texture of the mashed potatoes.  The bacon and the biscuit gave it that breakfast flair.  They sprinkled some spicy sauce around the plate and it added the right punch to the dish.We also got the pancakes and waffles.  These were your typical pancakes and waffles, albeit in a larger serving size.Overall, you will be FULL after dining here.  For some, it's a great way to start a day.  For others, it's a great way to end a long night in Vegas.
4	i got the famous andys sage benedict.  it was a little on the bland side, but because the portions are so big and the presentation really makes the atmosphere fun and exciting ill be going back for more..
4	This place is RIDICULOUS! I came here after seeing it on Man vs. Food... so naturally I had to try the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. SO  mouthwateringly delicious and seriously enough food for at least 4 meals. Hash House is such a fun atmosphere and such a creative menu and concept. You have to go early if you don't want to wait forever. This place is constantly packed. If you're having a rough morning after drinking... definitely try O'Hare of the dog! :-)
3	Went to Hash House A Go-Go on Father's Day with a party of 9 people. While the food portions are definitely huge, I just felt the food wasn't anything to make you want to write home about. I had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken, which was tasty and extremely filling. My wife ordered the chicken pot pie and was not very impressed with the breading.     Another issue to beware of is that they "decorate" the plates with a ring of hot sauce for no apparent reason. I personally like spicy food, but we had family members with us who don't and were not particularly happy about this. Please note that nowhere on the menu does it state that your entree will be served with a hot sauce garnish. They need to be more aware that some guests may be have pepper allergies or turned off by this. Kind of an odd twist anyway, in my opinion.      On the whole, the food and service were decent enough. I was just not impressed to the point where I would go out of my way to recommend this restaurant over some others. The "A Go-Go" is just "a so-so"
5	One Word: AWESOMEMore Words: This is now my favorite breakfast place, not just in Vegas, but anywhere in the US (would be world, but Shangri La Singapore breakfast buffet is really hard to top).  Wife and I arrived mid-morning on a Saturday after a hike in the red rock canyon. There was a short wait and once seated service was great, food fantastic, ambience entertaining (cool mix of tunes on the PA system), and total experience will drag me back again and again.  How to describe the food?  All the unhealthy goodness you desire in a breakfast, with an amount that will have you questioning if you have to eat again that day.
3	HUGE PORTIONS. HUGE. This place is inside the crappy Imperial Palace hotel on the strip (upstairs).  I was surprised at how big the place was, it is kind of sectioned off into two difference rooms. I had a simple breakfast with eggs, hash browns, and a biscuit and coffee to drink. The biscuit was so buttery and fresh and warm, and like everything here HUGE. I usually love me some carbs, but I could not finish the biscuit or the rest of the meal. The food was great the prices matched the huge portions, not overprices but accordingly to the amount of food you get. My entree was one of the simpler ones and it was 9 bucks, everything else was above that. Only bad experience was someone straight threw up in there. Was walking aND "bleeaaaaacgh!" *splaash*. I was confused as to what happened when I heard it and saw a guy running out, until I saw the horrified look on a puke-splattered woman. I am assuming the patron had a rough night of drinking in Vegas and that it wasn't the food there. Still pretty horrific to witness on your first meal of the day.Final thought :This would be a good spot to pig out in...maybe wear rain gear...?
5	I have been hearing about this place for years and years.  I finally tasted some of their food at the Taste of Las Vegas Food Festival and liked it enough to go to their restaurant.  Well I have been back Numerous times and am never disappointed.  This is a fantastic spot if you have never been,  flavor combos are great, portions are giant and service is outstanding,  the only issue is this is a very busy place so there is typically a wait.
3	Our party of four visited Hash House A Go Go last July 2010.  I honestly want to give 5 stars for this place just because of the name.  I love it!  We did not have to wait for seating although this place was full of people.  The portions are HUGE.  This is not an exaggeration.  The service we received was rather slow, but maybe because they are very busy, however, our waiter seemed to ignore us.  I had the French Toast, which I never order for breakfast anywhere, but the description, "griddled french toast dipped in banana cinnamon cream with pecan maple syrup", made me want to order it.  How could I resist anything dipped in banana cinnamon cream?  My taste buds had such high expectation, but sadly, they were let down.  Where was the creamy taste of banana cinnamon cream?  The french toast was fine, but truly nothing exceptional - in fact, it tasted just like the french toast I've made for myself at home, which is not saying much.  However, if you are in Vegas, I still suggest you visit, especially if big portions are calling your name.  Just order something other than the french toast, in fact, if I ever go back there, I think I would check the place out for lunch or dinner because I've discovered at other eateries that I've visited, that a place can have awesome food, but breakfast tends to be a weak link.  Or maybe I would return because it's just my wishfull thinking that a place with such a cool name surely has to deliver.
5	I've wanted to go here for several years after searching for 'unique food in Vegas' and 'best breakfast in Vegas'.  I finally convinced my family to go during a trip to Vegas for a quick fireworks loaded weekend.Food is presented as 'twisted farm food' and it's no lie.  The food is hardcore, unique, and massively portioned.  If you get one of their benedicts, or even a pancake or two, I recommend to share amongst at least 2 people.I had their snickers pancake and their kiwi watermelon lemonade to drink.   The pancake was massive and scattered with half melted nougaty peanuty chocolaty mini snickers.  It was extremely filling and quite good.  It was just what you would think it would taste like, and I could barely finish the entire thing.  The lemonade was quite good... sort of a tangy drink with the mellow aftertaste of watermelon.  My mother had the blackberry granola pancake and it was quite tangy, but very good.I was with my family so nothing too interesting was had... but many people in the place were getting the various benedicts they offer, and they looked amazing.The place is a tad expensive, but for its unique take on some dishes, and the massive portions they offer, I highly recommend it.  If you want an awesome breakfast, I do recommend skipping the cheap Vegas cafe and coming here for something quite nice.
2	The food itself is very good if you enjoy the all american southern type of food. I cannot complain about the food because it was large portions, well made, and very unique in itself. I got the corn beef hash and was barely able to finish it. It gives the complete satisfaction of being full. The service however was absolutely awful. My friends and I came into Las Vegas hoping to visit this place for their breakfast. When we arrived we were seated and ordered from the menu. Right after our food was brought out the checks were brought with them. This is always troubling because when the checks are brought out right away then everyone is concerned about the cost of the meal and not enjoying themselves. It also means we can't order anything else if we want to since it's already been printed. The next problem was how difficult it is to get water there. I'm not sure if it's a delicacy in the Hash House A Go Go, but the first time we asked the waiter was like "I'll get that right away." He then comes out and starts taking orders from other tables. We then give him a second chance and ask again and he replies "sorry, ill get that in a second." He comes out again without any water and is ready to collect the bill. We then beg him to please get water after all our meals are finished and he finally decides to to come out with the response "the long awaited water." When I go to a restaurant I base my tip solely on how quick they are at refilling my water, how pleasant they are, and if they are checking on our table or not. If these are done I'll give 20-25% tip. It was hard to give a tip at this place because of how poor the service was.
4	What can I say that hasn't already been said about this place.Moderate prices but you get awesome presentation, quality, and portions.I got the fabled Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles.  I really enjoyed this dish on every level.  The maple reduction was nice in that you got some sweetness in the dish but the waffles were still able to stay crispy by not being drenched in it.  In addition, the waffles are stuffed with bacon, how can you go wrong with that?!?!  The sage fried chicken had a crispy crust but was moist and tender inside and had very little fat and the fried leeks rounded out the dish nicely.My wife had one of the scrambles with egg whites avocado and bacon and it was nice to see that a place that is known for unique dishes can execute something simple just as well.  The avocado was fresh and the bacon seemed to be at that perfect in-between state in that it was crispy yet had some chewy texture; not overly well-done that it looks burnt or under cooked and gummy.  The biscuit had a nice crumbly outer texture and the inside was fluffy and moist.We'll definitely be coming back upon our next return to Vegas.
4	Salmon burger is pretty good for those pescatarians. i saw them on the travel channel or the food channel, can't remember, buti want to try their bacon waffle.
4	Good good food! Huge plates!
4	This place was featured on quite a few tv shows. Portions are a no-fail HUGE! Can be a lil over whelming. Should be experienced!
4	Great brunch place in Vegas. The chicken. So good. I recommend making this part of the Vegas trip - just like going to the club, casino, or hotel. Ok maybe not as important as that, but still important!
3	We were last here two years ago and were pleasantly surprised.   We'll be there again this Sunday and I'll give a re-review shortly.  The one on the strip is NOT as good as the one off the strip.
5	amazing delish food, HUGE portions (=leftovers for more hash house enjoyment later!!), whenever i go to vegas again, im def coming here again for breakfast/brunch
3	Service was below average. The food that I had was like art.. Art didn't have much taste.. Just stacked waffles on chicken and put a bunch if unnecessary stuff on it to make it look bigger..I can live without going back..
4	I absolutely love this place! Whenever my friends & I are in Vegas, this is a place we always go for brunch.Just be aware that the portions are ENORMOUS! I usually order either the meatloaf sandwich or the chicken & waffles.Both dishes are absolutely delicious! The staff is always friendly & service is quick.  It's a great place with a nice atmosphere to enjoy with friends while in Vegas.
4	HUUUGE portion & great food for the price. Asked a waiter for mayo, never brought it to me. My guess is..probably because he was not our waiter?
5	Sage Chicken Benedict is my fave! If you are in Las Vegas... you have to come here! Come hungry and ready for some grubbing. I have tried so far everything here so I can not tell you what NOT to get.....they are all bomb!! just depends what you are craving for.  The staff is real friendly and helpful :)  Huge portions and great price!
4	Despite Las Vegas being buffet central, if you want to pig out you have to come here.Being a die hard Man Vs. Food fan...I knew that Adam would not let me down. And boy oh boy.....There were some moments where this place disappointed. For example, we tried to order their FAMOUS kiwi/watermelon lemonade?They were out of kiwi. Then we moved on to the pistachio drink. Once again..out of pistachio. This wasn't even like late at night. This was at 12pm.Portions here are out of this world. 5 girls shared 3 dishes and we still couldn't finish it all.We even saw a table of all boys struggling with their individual dishes. YEAH! They are that big!This place may be known for their fried chicken & bacon stuffed waffles...but aside from looks failed to wow me.I found the chicken meat too dry and the skin too sweet. But that's just me.What I do recommend is the chorizo hash. SOOO delicious and spicy!Next time you are in Vegas and had a long night of partying&drinking....eat your heart out at Hash House!
5	Went here with the family for my Grandmothers 82nd birthday.  Surprisingly my Mother and grandmother have never been here even though they've been living in vegas for quite some time. Hash House a go go is a really fun breakfast brunch kind of joint.  They dont just have your basic continental breakfast.   They'll make you 1 pancake. and that pancake will be HUGE.  I'm 6'9 and i couldnt even fathom trying to eat more than half of my pancake.  Not to mentino the eggs and sausage along with it.Personally i had the tractor driver combo which was like some eggs served to your liking, sausage/taters/bacon/ and a pancake.  But they're pancakes are lush and big. mine was  brown sugar and banana pancake.  Grandmother had french toast (more like french loaf) with pecan maple syrup.Everything was delicious.  But beware it's probably a diabetic coma waiting to happen.  A lot of the things they have here are filled with sugar.  The surroundings are kinda Farmhouse meets modern life?   I'm horrible at describing interior designs but the entrance was filled with celebrity headshots with signatures saying how great hash house was.  My only beef with the place is it gets really busy (and loud because of it)  But if you can get beyond that it's a great place to take out of towners to cure a hangover.
5	The breakfast options are crazy here.  Huge portions.  Service fast, cool building, food fresh and delicious, I can't wait to go back to try more.  Problem I ate too much and felt like crap after.
2	recently moved to las vegas so i have been trying all of the local hot spots.  obviously has seen/heard of hash house's fame.  decided to give it a go when my parents came to town this past weekend.  MEH.  Not impressed in the least.  Seems like the type of place that tries so hard to be non-conformist in their technique/service/menu that they end up coming accross as pretentious - which is laughable for a breakfast place.  i attempted to sub mashed potatoes for crispy potatoes and was told that there were no substitutions because it was a chef inspired menu.. HA!  if i am at Joel Robuchon or any place with a Michelin Star than i understand.. but this was silly.all in all the food wasnt anything special unless you are impressed by large portions on average food ala claim jumper.In my three months in Vegas i still havent had a better breakfast than what can be found @ Black Bear.
4	Breakfast here is not to be missed. Kelli was a great waiter and we were pleased with the quality of the huge portions. This is a must dine establishment at least once.
5	restaurant has its reputation from travel channel and food network, so do expect the crowds and the long wait. Every time when I visit, it's at least 45 minute wait. You can order from the bar area too if you don't want the wait. As you sit and wait for your order of food, nothing is more refreshing on a hot summer day is the kiwi watermelon lemonade. Just the look of the drink make you want to dive into it immediately. Easy to make recipe with such great combination. Bottom layer filled with 10 percent kiwi juice (POM carries their own kiwi juice), middle layer with 50 percent lemonade, and top layer with 50 percent watermelon juices (appears to be smash watermelon). Another tempting drink on their menu is the Bloody Mary, and it's not for the fainted heart or airline bloody Mary. For $8, you get a large glass of alcohol goodness.The Sage Chicken and waffles is number one choice for New York time with its reasons, it's layered with 4 bacon waffle. The waffle is perfectly made with its crisp on the outside and still piping hot in the middle with a few crunchy savory bites of bacon insides. These are not bacon bits; it's a large piece of crispy bacon that almost filed the whole waffle. Then we have 2 pieces of crispy chicken breast. From man vs. Food, they first seasoned the breast with garlic, sage, and some secret spice, and then soaked in an egg wash; they then breaded the chicken with corn flakes and flour, and then fry the chicken. My only disappointment is that the breast was a bit dried. But I'm never a fan of chicken breast, I want my dark meat. The chicken is the drizzle with some maple syrup which gives it's sweet and savory combination, and I am a lover for sweet and savory meal. The plate is garnish with a handful of fried leeks, which my husband love very much and hope to incorporates it in his dish someday. I also enjoy their little side dish of biscuit and gravy. This restaurant if definitely worth a return for me to try every dish on their menu. My next must try dish will be the stack fried green tomatoes. I will definitely give their original restaurant in San Diego a try. I've also tried the Andy's Sage Chicken Benedict as mention on man vs. Food, but since the order was a take out, it wasn't memorable. What I enjoy from the take out was the French toast with banana and walnut inside. Their portion is enough to feed two, do expect to walk out with a doggy bag. It's a great value for the dish portion. I consider this good and cheap eats.
5	My partner and I were driving around and decided to drop I'm for what turned out  to be a great gastronomical experience.  We both ordered the same flavorful dish. It didn't stop there!  We had the most fantastic waitperson.  Her name is Tiffany.she was one of the beat wait people I've had the pleasure in ordering food from!!  We will definitely be back!!' maybe tonight!Thank you Tiffany and Jude.
5	7-15-11:  First visit ever and you get alot of food for a good price. I had the chicken salad sandwich & was able to get two meals out of 1 sandwich! I want to try breakfast there next.
2	I don't get it.Yes, the servings are generous. Yes, there are a lot of people here. And, yes, SOME people love it here. But I don't. First of all, we had to wait forever for a table. I get that it's a bust Sunday morning and everyone wants a tasty breakfast, but this place was near that point where you'd rather eat anything than wait in line much longer. Then, when we finally got seated and our orders taken, we had to wait forever for the food, too. Then we finally get our food, which is all very presentable, but not at all very tasty. The quality of the food was somewhere around Denny's, but a lot more expensive. And even though it was a lot of food, it wasn't enough that I could disregard the low quality of it. Fail.This place is pretty popular with friends of mine who like the feel and food here. Good on them, but I don't know that I'll be joining them when they ask me to come back out here. I'd much rather get a Grand Slam, thank you.
5	This place is absolutely amazing! "Twisted Farm Food" is how the describe their menu, and it is so true. From their handcrafted cocktails, fresh squeezed juices, and eclectic country cuisine, this place is by far one of the BEST breakfasts I've ever had! I highly recommend the Bacon Waffles, or the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict. Delicious! Get your grub on, y'all!
5	Came here early in the am after a long drive in from L.A..... the wait wasn't bad at all. The menu features a wide range of food to choose from. Not to mention the HUGE portions! Come with a big appetite
5	Yes you have to wait but the food is great. Plenty enough for dinner as well.
5	I have been told to go to Hash House a Go Go since I moved out to Vegas 7 years ago.  I was excited when my boyfriend finally set a date for us to go.  We went last Sunday morning, and after reading the reviews I was prepared for the wait.  If you aren't expecting to be waiting for 45 minutes, then I can understand being upset, but expecting the wait made it ok.  The place is a complete zoo!!  They honestly need to expand the restaurant or at least the waiting area.  We waited in the car because almost everywhere you stand is in somebody's way!  The restaurant is also pretty loud due to the amount of people in there.  I really like the decor as well, it's kind of country meets modern?  And the music was awesome, very original and fit the restaurant perfectly. There is a reason for the busyness here -- the food here is great and extremely reasonable considering the portions are HUGE!! I'm talking 2 meals... I took mine home and had it for dinner! I ordered The Tractor Driver Combo.  It was delicious!! The pancake that they delivered was insane... I would say it took as much batter as 6 regular sized pancakes to make that thing!  I was a little upset with myself for going with such a basic breakfast menu item at a restaurant like that, but I don't care... that pancake was amazing.  Plus I got to share with my boyfriend who ordered Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  I honestly don't like chicken for breakfast, I think it's odd, but it was good... There were so many different flavors in every single bite.  It's almost impossible to get them all in 1 bite because the plate is SO big! DRINKS  : MUST TRY THE BLOODY MARY!!! I am NOT a huge bloody mary fan, I normally have a few sips and then give it away because I don't like tomato juice... but a friend of mine told me i HAD to try it!! So I did and DID NOT regret it one bit.  I wanted 5 more when I was done for the flavor alone.  It was really spicy and the garnishes are deliciouss. I have been craving it ever since.  My boyfriend ordered the watermelon kiwi lemonade (I think that's what it was called) and WOW that thing is delicious and so pretty!!  All the drinks they were making at the bar (alcoholic and non alcoholic) looked wonderful. I am really looking forward to going back and trying different things!! I have to try the banana latte next time I'm there... It sounds unreal! GO HERE!!!!!!!
4	Love this place!  I had visited years ago before the place blew up and decided to visit while in Vegas with the family.  The staff here is fabulous!  They are all super friendly and will work to make sure you are taken care of.  My eggs were delicious, the fruit fresh and sweet and the potatoes (non-hash) were just okay.  My daughter had the bacon waffle and ended up picking the bacon out of the sides.  She said the waffle itself was just a little too thick for her.  My mom had the normal breakfast plate (scram eggs, toast, potatoes & bacon), my aunt had the bacon scramble and I had the spinach/ham scramble.  I can see what other reviewers mean when they mention that the food is just okay.  The flavor doesnt knock you out of your seat but it is still a fun place to enjoy a meal. The best part of the meal was our fabulous waitress, Tiffany who should be delievering her son any day now.  Too cute!
1	I took my sister and boyfriend here for brunch a week ago. We were super excited because of all the amazing reviews I read. The wait was 30 minutes, but we didn't mind at all because we were so sure that this place would be amazing. We were wrong. The service was terrible. The food was horrendous. I ordered the tractor driver with a pancake. My sister had the chicken and waffles. My bf had the tractor driver with french toast. I ordered my eggs scrambled with cheddar. I received cold eggs with shredded cheese sitting on top. The cheese wasnt even melted. It just sat right on top of the eggs.  I ate one bite of the pancake and was done with the entire meal. How can you screw up a pancake?My bf ate the bacon and two bites of his french toast. My sister ate half of her waffle. We spent $60 for two pieces of bacon, a bite of pancake, half a waffle and two bites of French toast. This was by far the worst experience I've had at any restaurant.  We should have gone to the Original Pancake House :-(
4	I like when the star rating I give a restaurant is the same as the average rating that everyone gives said restaurant. It confirms that my experience was probably on the whole similar to everyone else's, and shows that despite how much I am constantly given anecdotal evidence to the contrary the world has people who are not morons devoid of sophistication and good taste.I have been to HH for breakfast and dinner, and let me just say save your time and money and only come here for breakfast. Dinner is the exact same things with none of the breakfast meals and an extra two buck minimum sell-up on your items.Aside from that I must say HH is great. It's not super amazing food. But for how much of it you get and how much you pay for how much you get it's a great value. The best values by far are the hamburgers which are huge and only $8!But the big thing to get is the Chicken and Waffles. EXCELLENT! Also they make their own jam fresh! But ask if they have the strawberry it's delicious!So here we are with 4 stars. I'll come here over and over, and yes the food is ok, but not great, but the service is good, and the prices are right, and it's a fun and trendy place. So do your best to avoid weekends it's a night-mare!
5	Try the watermelon and green tomato app!  Also the chocolate bread pudding is a great sharable dessert!!Fun to take out-of-town guests to!!
4	Ok to be honest, Everyone was raving about the chicken and waffles so I said why not let's give it a go.  When I bit into the meal I was a little disappointed because it wasn't what I expected it to be.  The bacon waffles was something different, I liked that part.  The chicken on the other hand I wasn't too much of a fan, the breading was a little off to me and the sauce that was on the plate did not go well with the meal, it tasted like soy sauce.  I'd rate it a 3 but I gave it a 4 because you definitely get what you pay for! Roscoe's chicken and waffles in long beach, ca still holds the reigning champ title for chicken and waffles for me.Girlfriend had the tracker combo with the banana french toast, and she loved it kept raving on about it so I'm sure that was a must :P
3	We came here in a big group one night for dinner.  As everyone says...the portions are super huge and you won't be able to finish it.  But even though you get huge portions the food itself wasn't all that great.  We got huge portions of mediocre food...not very exciting.I personally got the Sage chicken pasta and it was Just OK.  Two people ordered the meatloaf sandwich and they liked that a lot.  Maybe next time I'll go for that.  I have NO idea why it took us THREE hours to eat and pay the bill but it was ridiculous!!!  We called ahead so they knew that we had a large party...why not assign another waiter to our table because one was not enough.The best part of the meal was the honey biscuits.  But I think they only come when you have a large party because I didn't see them on any other table.  I would come again and try something different.  Maybe a breakfast item would be better.
5	This is my second time coming to Hash House a GoGo for brunch, and let me tell you, it did not disappoint.  First off, the pricing:  While none of the food items would be considered cheap, the pricing is slightly less than what you would pay on the strip.  Second of all, portions:  Portions here are meant to probably meant to be served towards farm hands who have just had a full days work of lifting  100's of lbs of hay with no break for meals.  They are gigantic.  Trust me, you will most likely not finish your meal here.Quality:  Everything we've had here is top notch.  I'm hesitant to say that about any restaurant, however the food is excellent.  The drinks are creative and tasty.  It's hard to go wrong with this place.  That being said, here's what I've tasted thus far:Mango Coconut Pancake:  This is bigger than your head.  Heck, it's bigger than the plate.  I think it was about the size of my wrist to my elbow... and with soft sweet mangos (must be quality canned mangos, since consistency and flavor were perfect) and shredded coconut throughout.  The thing about their pancakes is, it's made so well that you're pretty much eating cake for breakfast.  Soft, moist, and tender pancake.  Roasted Chicken Hash:  Not sure how they made these potatoes, but they are perfectly crisp and flavorful.  The chicken is roasted well, with a few dry pieces (roasting a whole bird perfectly tender all the way through is near impossible, mind you), but a good dish overall.  This may be the one dish that doesn't stand out from the rest.  I was surprised, however, to see my wife downing the scrambled eggs since she hates eggs... and she loved the way these scrambled eggs were prepared.Crispy Pork Tenderloin Farm Benedict:  Here's the winner for me.  A gigantic piece of breaded and fried pork, on top of biscuits, mashed potatoes, with a benedict sauce over the top.  Spinach, scrambled eggs... I was happy to just finish 2/3 of this... and the last 1/3 could have been put between two pieces of bread for a significant size portion lunch.  Get this.  If you like fried pork tenderloin, you will LOVE this.Smores Espresso:  Gigantic cup of coffee, drizzled chocolate all over, torched marshmallows covering the whole top, and a few graham crackers on the side for scooping purposes and eating.  Pricey drink, but beautiful and executed phenomenally.  Smores fan?  You'll be in love.Hash House Bloody Mary:  I don't like bloody mary's.  But I order this one every time I'm here.  Great condiments, excellent flavor, just enough kick to help jumpstart the day.  (I'm a lightweight drinker, mind you).  Definitely spicy and flavorful, so it's not for those with bland tastes.Verdict:  While off the strip, very worthwhile to make the trip.  Great quailty, good pricing, huge portions, and friendly service... I've added this to my list of places to go to whenever I visit Vegas.  Followed by a nice 3 hour recovery nap to be scheduled every time.Protips - From the yelp reviews along with other friends who have been there, go for either breakfast or brunch... that's where they shine.  It sounds like dinner is good here, but not as good as the breakfast items.  Also, while splitting is a great option since portions are huge, unfortunately you'll have to purchase side dishes so that they don't charge the fee for splitting entrees...
4	Big portion! Better Off the Strip then in the casino which take for ever to bring your food and bad serivce. Off the strip are more faster and is alway happy to help you pick a good dish to eat. Had chicken and waffle which was awesome.
5	We went here on recommendation. We were seated right away. Our waiter was hot. That's always good. He gave us suggestions. My companion had corn beef hash. It was slow cooked real corn beef. Cover in gooey goodness. The potatoes were crisp and yummy. It came with a huge biscuit and eggs. I had the tractor combo which was a huge waffle, sausage and eggs. The portions are huge! The orange juice was fresh squeezed. Service was quick, food was hot and the waiter was hot. It was a good day indeed. Granted this was a Tuesday morning. So we were in and out .
4	I've been wanting to try this place for the longest time ever. But seriously, they should warn their customers how huge their portions are. And when I mean huge, I'm talking about HUGE. My friend ordered the chicken and waffles (that was featured on Man vs Food) and the 4 of us could have ate that. And us 4 girls love food. Her chicken and waffles were good. I'm picky with fried chicken and I liked it. Her waffles had a strip of bacon in them. For me that was eh- I'm not a huge bacon fan.I ordered their breakfast quesadilla. Our server kindly warned me that it would be pretty spicy- I love spicy. It actually wasn't spicy for me, just incredibly ginormous! But the quesadilla was amazing.The service here was great, their food was fresh as well. Loved it. I would recommend this place greatly.
5	The food is plentiful; two people can share the food. If you share...there's a $2.50 charge OR you can order a side and you don'tpay the 'split fee'. The wait is a little lengthy but it is worth the wait. This is a. must do'in Vegas!!!
5	Sat morn breakfast at 11:30.  Waited 15 mins and were seated outside which worried me because it was 100 already, but they have nice misters!  Worked out great.  A large fresh squeezed juice was L-A-R-G-E - I like that.  Four of us each had something different and we were each very pleased.  The two things that really shined were the french toast (the best I've ever had anywhere) and that came with broiled bananas (mmm, I gonna make those at home! - thanks to my friend for giving me a bite!) and my husband's corned beef hash.  Oh the other thing was my griddled mashed potatoes - Oh yum!  Since we were traveling we couldn't take the rest of our food home, but we sure would have.  Big portions, as you have already heard, so if you don't want to share then be prepared to take it home and that will give you another meal the next day!  Service was fine and the entire experience was very positive.
1	Well, I broke my own rule and tried this place again. I am so angry at myself for doing it. I could have gone to The Peppermill and really enjoyed the fantastic food and the whole Vegas feel of the place. But I didn't. I went here instead and got the same thing I got last time I was here. Pre-made warmed over tasteless mush.          It shocks me that they tell me i can't substitute anything because it will compromise there dishes. Now, how the hell do you tell someone that and then refuse to allow eggs over easy after 11am? Completely ruins some of the dishes that need the yoke to make the taste and keep it moist. Scrambled eggs in the salmon Benedict turns it to dried out crap. Just floors me every time i think about it.         I ordered what used to be my favorite, the Andy's sage fried chicken eggs Benedict. This is a rather complicated dish to make and it took them less than 5 minutes to bring it to my table. Can you say pre-made? No way are they cooking this to order. The chicken is a full breast of chicken with Corn flakes and a few other things on the outside then deep fried. This takes much longer to fully cook than about 3 minutes.          When I took the first bite it was just how I remembered it the last time I was there. Luke warm, mushy, rather tasteless crap. This place has literally dropped right off the scale as far as I'm concerned. It used to be absolutely fantastic and now I would rather microwave a frozen low cal dinner than to eat here.            I was with my mother and she ordered the biscuits and gravy. What the hell happened here? This used to be excellent and now it actually tastes synthetic and rubbery. My mom only finished about half of it and could not stand anymore. This WILL be my last time eating at Hash House. The Peppermill is absolutely fantastic every single time and they don't skimp on anything. That is where you will find me at breakfast time from now on. Really to bad how they ruined such a good thing.
1	Absolutely. Terrible. It took 2 hours to get our food, our server was rude and non-communicative. Apparently the computer system was down and the kitchen was backed up - how that explains a surly server I'll never know. Also, how it explains a luke warm mimosa I don't know either. Bleh. Don't waste your time.
5	Everything I expected.After watching man vs food. Adam sold me on the sage fried chicken eggs benedict.The service was really awesome although the hostess was in some sort of hurry and seemed too busy to answer a question I had. However my waiter came over and explained everything.My food was delicious. The chicken was nice and juicy I did add a little salt though.Out of all my stops in Vegas, this past trip, this was the most tasty. I'm definitely going back!
3	A great place to go and enjoy some really good food. It's a long way off the Strip but a trip well worth it.  Get the S'mores coffee to start and the Bloody Mary is awesome too. The Bartender we dealt with was a bit too snotty for me & the hostess forgot to write us down but the waitress was great. Hint: send someone early to get your group a spot..... We had a 30 min wait.
5	BIKI tested and M.V.F. APPROVED! This is not the normal breakfast fare! They have a spin to almost everything you eat! Portioning OMG is HUGE! After all, its serving size is a SKILLET! LOL Top choices are fried chicken eggs Benedict and HH meatloaf! WE NEED THIS IN HAWAII!!!!! I hope you heard that owners!
4	Holy Shiz! The proportions here are enormous! But it's all so delicious and I love that they make the food look elegant and fun at the same time. I mean, to use a whole stalk of rosemary for platting style, I was quite impressed.My friend ordered the basics, the flap jacks, sausage, bacon and two eggs. I ordered one of there egg scrambles with roasted chicken, asparagus,  that came with a biscuits and roasted potatoes. On top of that, we had hot chocolate which can be easily for two people. Everything here is just bigger, yet better :)Can't wait to come back here and try more breakfast entrees and hopefully get to try lunch and dinner sometime :)
5	After hearing about this place from my friends, I just had to try this place.  It turned out to be better than I expected!  The food was very tasty and flavorful; not to mention the portions were huge.  I ordered the sage fried chicken with scrambled eggs.  It was so good, I virtually demolished the the dish.  Service was really good and always offered refills. I am definitely coming back here again!
5	Listen, I love to eat.  Especially breakfast.  Its my favorite meal of the day.  Yes, even better than dinner.  Pancakes, bacon, omlettes, hash browns, crepes, the whole breakfast menu I love.  And I'm here to tell you this place served me the single best breakfast I've had in my life so far.I didn't even want to go here.  We were in Vegas checking out the new "M" casino and my wife said her old boss recommended this place for breakfast.  I heard the name of it, and just thought ok another hip diner joint trying to make a buck off their decor and loud music rather than the food itself.  Boy was I wrong.  I think I got the Country Hash Breakfast (?), and my wife got the Eggs Benedict something or other.  The meal names are long and not typical.  To drink they give you option of fresh squeezed orange juice and tangerine juice.  Never saw Tangerine juice on a menu before, so I got that.  Our food was so damn good I was so suprised.  My wife's eggs benedict were piled high on delicious mashed potatoes.  They give you a ton of coffee related drink options (lattes, cappicinos, etc.).  Please do yourself a favor and go to this place if you like breakfast like I do.  5-star hands down, best breakfast I ever had (so far).Its kinda far down the strip at the beginning, like 2 miles before you get to Mandalay Bay, but the M casino is upscale and cool to check out.  Just a warning, there was a 45 minute wait on Sunday morning at like 11 am.  But they give you a beeper and you can cruise the casino while waiting.
5	Still one of my favorite places to eat whenever I'm in Vegas or San Diego. At least make one stop for breakfast with friends or family. Orders can easily feed 2 people and on my last trip my 3 kids shared a dish of eggs, hash pancakes and bacon. I went with the standard hash omelette with garlic mashed (best around minus crustaceans in SF). Orange juice is always freshly squeezed and the staff is friendly. Highly recommend if you're in Las Vegas. There is one on the strip in Imperial Palace however have never been.
3	PROSBest Bloody Marys on the strip! Seriously. They're a drunken meal in itself. The BLT bloody mary was incredible.The Sage Fried chicken was amazing.We got one of the Farm Benedict entrees. The individual items on the plate were really good, but the way they poured/drenched the plate with hollandaise sauce was a bit nauseating. We'll def order the sauce on the side next time.Our server was one of the best we'd  had all weekend! She was on top of it like no other and seriously made our morning.CONSThe hostess had her head up her a**. She was rude and lazy. The restaurant was mostly empty and yet somehow she couldn't bother to find us a table. She just glanced behind her into the dining area and made us wait for another 15 minutes. Eventually what looked to be the the manager offered to seat us. But then on his way over he literally stopped to chit chat & shoot the sh*t with another staff member right in front of us. THEN he moseyed on over to come seat us.All in all...The Imperial Palace isn't the prettiest hotel to walk through to get to breakfast & the hostess sucks, but if you love a good bloody mary it might be well worth it. Extra tip: Consider sharing a plate if you're not a giant eater. lol It's really tempting to want to try as much as you can, but it might be worth it to split one good plate & save a few bucks.
3	hash house a go go...ur a no no....dont get me wrong, im not saying it taste like poo or anything but i wasnt WOWed by ityes, after watching MVF, i just had to try it, it did indeed look delicious but looks can be deceiving...just like a woman ;)the wait wasnt super long and its pretty spacious inside, service was nice and i give them all a high five since they have to carry those heavy ass dishes everyday O_OI ordered the meat loaf hash because i cant eat the fried chicken sage thingy...and i was disapointed with it =(.  My dish came in a skillet which was cool but my eggs looked funny and my food was actually lukewarm...my meatloaf wasnt flavorful at all and there was WAY too many veggies going on and cheese.  Even though it was healthy hearty ingredients, i couldnt enjoy the meal since it was so bland!  I didnt even bother finishing anything, and the biscuit was alright, kinda dry too.I'm giving it three stars is because i did try the fried chicken sage and the sauce was really good, teh chiptole sauce, you can DEFINITELY taste the chipolte and it was very smooth and creamy and the chicken was juicy....but thats it!I will not come back here...its too out of the way from teh trip.  It cost me 23ish from Palazzo to here....too far =T
2	Another once-landmark that has now lost it's luster.  My biscuits and gravy was so bland it was pathetic.  The gravy tasted like paste and flour with no seasoning whatsoever.  Big portions of shitty food is still shitty food.  Trust me folks, this ain't the food that you see on the Food Network shows anymore!  It's gone way downhill in the past 3 years!  This was my last trip to HHAGG.
4	had the meatloaf and it was great!
4	Wow!! Portion sizes are HUGE!!! Gotta try the fried chicken & waffles. Really good food!!!
4	i came to this Hash House A Go Go after already going to the one in Imperial Palace from my previous Vegas trip. i was super stoked to go here the wait was long, but totally worth it. i had some mimosas and they were delicious. then i wanted to try the Bloody Mary.. mehhh... regretted that.. should've just got another mimosa.. oh well. for a started i ordered the Mango Coconut Hot Cake to share with a table of 6, and it was huge enough to start us all off. trust. we rubbed the butter all over it and poured just a little bit of syrup over it, and it was money. i'm not a super fan of coconut, but this was just right for me because the ripe mangoes balanced it all out! yum! server was great. i can say that with confidence because i came to the place in the beginning of the year and I STILL REMEMBER how great the guy was. he was helpful, nice, attentive, and genuinely happy to be there. thanks guy!  Hash House A Go Go = Hangover Breakfast for Champions..in Las Vegas. haha
3	If you go on a weekend this place is packed in the mornings.  You're super hungry by the time you sit down and order.  It takes another 20-30 minutes before you get your food.  By the time your meal arrives, you're so blown away by the big portions that you end up scarfing it all down.  It tastes super good in the moment but if you think in retrospect... its not that great.  The only reason it tasted spectacular is because you waited for so long to get your food that you were really hungry.  Really, the food was alright...
3	Pretty good food, great service. The presentation of the food might be better than the flavor... Lots of selection, fun place to try...
4	After a long night of drinking, the only thing i want the next day is a huge breakfast to ease my hangover. Well, i found the hash house. The Kiwi-Watermelon lemonade was very refreshing and delicious. All of our plates were huge and pretty freakin tasty. There is a wait to expect, especially on a sunday morning. Service was a tad slow, but nothing to complain about. Would definitely return here.
4	The following (and final) day started out with a big bang. Seriously, that is the noise the ten pound plates made when plopped in front of us at Hash House A Go Go. The portion size would put Claim Jumper to shame. (Side note, I wonder if they bought all of Claim Jumpers plate inventory when they BK'd...?) So the low down on the mile high plates? We ordered from several section on the menu.From the Hash section Miles went with the roasted chicken Hashand brein went with the Meatloaf Hash (Shocker?) Bill went for the Indiana Favorites section and got Sage Fried Chicken with eggs.Kerie and I thought eggs Benedict sounded good (and possibly a smaller choice...just by looking at the plates being delivered to other tables...we were very wrong). She got the Crispy Hammered Pork BenedictAnd I the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. Starting from the bottom mine had 2 huge home made biscuits, about 2 cups of mashed potatoes (Crisped on the griddle), fresh spinach and tomato slices, 2 slices of crispy bacon, about 8 oz of melted mozzarella cheese, scrambled eggs (looked like 2 or 3), and then the largest fried chicken breast I've ever seen with chipotle Creme poured on top. Oh yea, a slice of watermelon was in there somewhere too. Everyone enjoyed their meal, Brein and I enjoyed taking 80% of the food home with us and I even took my dad there a few days later. All in all this is a must HOWEVER I will say that a friend got sick from the location at Imperial Palace and this review ONLY vouches for the location on Sahara.
3	My boyfriend's friend insisted we visit this place on our last trip to Vegas.  The joint was thoroughly packed during lunch hour. Our waitress was lively and fun but couldn't get a hold of her for most of the time.It was as the rating states, A-OK. I got the blueberry flapjack. IT. WAS. A. MONSTER. You don't get to pick a size so I assumed it would be a few pancakes covered in blueberries and gooey goodness. Nope. It was as big as a large pan pizza and the texture of the flapjack wasn't what I was accustomed to - somewhat dry and crumbled under my fork. The flapjack was so dry, no matter how much darn syrup I poured over it, it would suck it all up like the syrup behemoth it was! FYI: they don't give you enough syrup to choke it all down. I finished about 1/4 of it. Boo.My boyfriend and his friend got the famous corned beef hash. They seemed to thoroughly enjoy it; I didn't like the sight of that hash (TMI: looked like skinned earthworms) and they did comment that the crispy potatoes that came with it weren't that tasty. I wouldn't mind trying something else here but why bother when there are so many other places to try?
5	Went here on a restaurants.com certificate, heavily discounted through work...and this was our last dinner before the HCG diet.visit: 8/30/11 Tues, appx 6pm not busyScored a huge ass plate of stuffed meatloaf (2-1" slices) over mashed potatoes with grilled cheese and bell peppers-came with sides of steamed carrots and green beans and the most delicious sauce. Plates so big I can't understand how the waiters are able to bring 2 at a time, seriously it's like a platter. They brought dinner biscuits with a nice honey-ish glaze first. I ate about half a biscuit and like, 1/3 of my huge dinner. I went to eat more later at midnight, still only ate like 1/4 of it. Got a full to go container left! Hubby was able to eat half of his, kiddo ate a kiddo sized portion, and half of that. She got kiwi watermelon lemonade which was really pretty and very good. See pics!SO I think this is our fourth time here-sign up for the mailing list and get a BOGO coupon...last I checked you could only get it by joining their Facebook and signing up,but it could have changed by now.If you have a BIG appetite, this is your place. Man vs. food came here, and I think he ate this huge variety of "benedict" which a neighboring table ordered. HUGE. Of all the places I've eaten, I've never seen such big portions of food.I really wanted to try banana mocha-maybe next time.Happy eating!...stuffing your face :X
3	Okay, our food was delicious but it took abnormally long for it to come out. Our table ordered two chicken and waffles, a Man vs. Food dish, and a hamburger. The wait time for all of this was about 45 minutes (and our friend was eating in a rush now because he had to catch a flight). Even with the obnoxiously long wait, there was no explanation given to our table why it took so long. Heck, a table next to us with a party of 8 who ordered at the same time got ALL of their food before us (and once they got their food, they had enough time to eat it and sit and relax and leave before we ever saw ours).Amp up the service because I can't afford to suggest an eatery to friends that will only disappoint no matter how good the food is!
4	Great food, portions and atmosphere.  I enjoyed my meal the Black skillet Chicken, my husband ordered the stuffed Bacon Cheeseburger which lacked seasoning, but overall food was good.
4	this place is so good. HUGE portions.. so you can share one dish.we got the corned beef hash, and it was yummy.. but not all that?also had the chicken & waffles, and chicken benedict. the waffles were SO GOOD... idk about the chicken tho.. and the chicken benedict we didn't even touch it. -_______-
4	These Vegas locals sure know how to eat!!!!  Come here ready to chow down because every dish is of gargantuan size.  Brunch dishes range from 10-16 dollars.  A bit expensive but you're getting huge portions.  I went with a farm benedict:  HH original w/smoked bacon, fresh tomato, fresh spinach,roasted red pepper cream and topped w/ two basted eggs.  It definitely hit the spot after a long night of drinking.  I also tried one of their famous bloody mary's.  It was good, but a little too much clam juice for my taste.
5	In every city in America, Hash House A Go Go would be 5 stars. The creativity, obnoxious portion sizes, and stout flavorings make for an unforgettable experience. Our choice was Chicken Waffles, which is large enough to knock out even the most obese all-you-can-eat buffet loyalist. You literally could split chicken and waffles three ways, since i comes with three large bacon stuffed waffles and two huge deep fried chicken breasts. It is a drive from the strip, but if you are in a car, then you can hit the cheap shopping, gas stations, and weirder side of Vegas while you visit Hash House.
4	Portions are huge here! Totally worth the price because the meal alone will get you through an entire day. Bring home the left overs and continue eating the rest of the day! The food taste great as well! Been here a cople of times bringing visiting family and friends and the service is always good. Alot of parking and easy to find, you cant miss the tall sign and old tractor out front. Sometimes theres a wait but thats always a good sign that the place does well. Downside is during the summer when you have to eat outside in the heat so stay hydrated!
4	Awesome, massive quantity, filling and delicous place to eat- if you're in Vegas, you have to stop by here at least once, it's worth the drive/taxi!!!I loved their Chicken and Waffles- everything is massive here, so it's large bacon waffles with crispy chicken on top- the chicken was perfectly crispy and moist.I ordered their brown sugar and banana pancake- I thought it was WAY too sweet, and I could only eat two bites, but everyone at the table RAVED about it, they ate the entire thing for me and said it was their favorite thing here.We also ordered their meatloaf sandwich- a nice piece of meatloaf  with a large crispy cheese slice on crispy fried bread- it was really good.  We also got their chicken pot pie which was a massive heap of chunky vegetables in a biscuit hat- pretty good, their massive burger with mac+cheese just seemed OK.
4	Strong portions, strong menu and always a good time.  We really enjoy this place.  Have only ducked  in for breakfast and lunch.The service hasn't been speedy each time we've been.
3	I must say, with all the hype about this place, I was really expecting more, to say the least!We came here on a Wednesday morning around 11:30, and growing up in the center of PA around farms, I was looking for a good old fashion, mans breakfast. What I found was over sized, over priced and overly hyped food that cost a lot more than it was worth (unless you can eat a pancake the size of a basketball in one sitting).I had The Tractor Driver Combo with sausage and a water and my lovely girlfriend had the Red Leaf Salad with a water. When our waters came out, her's tasted like the last occupations of the glass was milk and it had no been properly washed, but mine was OK. The food came relatively quick, but the portion sizes were just ridiculous! Now, I know this is america and we have to super size everything just to stuff our faces with it, but I mean come on, who REALLY needs a pancake that size, with a side of eggs the size of small fist and two little sausage links? The eggs and sausage were VERY good, I would have easily sacrificed my flying saucer sized pancake for more of the other 2! Plus, the pancake itself was kind of stiff... Almost like it had been pre-made and sat under a heating lamp.On the bright side, my girlfriend said her salad was delicious, but again, she could only eat about half of it because, well, she is 5'4 - 100 lbs... Not a 300 lb. grazing cow in the middle of a pasture!For these two meals, waters, with tip, the total was29$, which isn't really a BAD price per say, but 1/2 of all our food was throw out because of the size portions. Why don't we cut the sizes in half, and charge me, lets say 20$ total with tip... Makes sense to me!!All-in-all, A Denny's Grand Slam Breakfast which has 2 regular sized pancakes, double the meat and more eggs for about 8$ is MUCH better than this meal for $14... We will probably not return here, but my girlfriend is the boss, so, it's really not my call : )
5	The wait was forever but the food was terrific. Can't wait to try it again.  Their bacon was fabulous and I had a very interesting omlette flavor combination.
5	This place is hands down the best breakfast in Las Vegas! I was told the chicken and waffles was good, it was great and HUGE. It could have easily fed 2 or maybe 3 but I was selfish consumed all 10,000 calories by myself! The maple reduction and fried leeks, OMG. The kid's pancakes were also huge. They were the size of the plate, I'm talkin 12 inches of pancake goodness. its a little pricey but worth it. The server was witty and funny. We enjoyed the whole experience. I have been back and will go back again...
3	I would do anything for the ribs at this place.  Falling-off-the-bone flavorful and tender goodness.  Best ribs I've EVER tasted.
4	Was excited to try out HHaGG and it lives up to the hype.  It's a nice spot away from the strip (yay!) and I've only had one thing so far - the Hardwood smoked bacon, avocado, onion & swiss Farm Scramble (see pic) and it was great!  The eggs were tasty as was everything else mixed in and the potatoes were perfect.  Crunchy on the outside, but still tender and not dried out on the inside.  The biscuit was huge and the house made strawberry jam was so good I had to keep slathering it on.  Portions are huge too and the only thing I could say is that the service could have been a bit friendlier, but from the looks of my server, she may have had a rough night the evening previous.
4	Saw this place on MvF and finally got to visit.  The portion as are huge and so my wife and I shared an entree (I would recommend you do this). We had the fried chicken eggs Benedict.  It comes with a biscuit (instead of the English muffin), it is a mountain of food.  The chipotle cream sauce is a bit strong and so I might get that on the side if I ordered it again, but the chicken was fantastic.We are going back again on this trip to share the corned beef hash, but next time I would like to try the chicken and waffles as that looked amazing.The service was excellent.
4	My family had a blast here! We are a family of 5, and we ordered 3 entrees. It was more than enough! My kids loved the bacon inside the waffles with the chicken on top...who wouldn't? We also ordered the BBBLT and the famous man vs food sage chicken benedict. all yummy!
4	No joke about the portions...Birthday boy wanted to come here so I came not expecting too much... I was told it was like a dennys but with huge portions...  BOY was that wrong...  30 minute wait for a party of 10, not bad on sunday afternoon after a busy saturday night in vegas...Our server, Travis, was great.  Very friendly, knowledgeable about the menu, made good recommendations and even up sold on some drinks and stuff!   I can appreciate that since I used to server. I started with the Kiwi watermelon lemonade.  That thing was delicious!  A couple friends got the fresh squeezed tangarine juice.  Good but a little sour for my tastes.  I was happy with my choice.I ended up going with the famous sage fried chicken benedict.  Delicious!!!  The chipotle cream sauce was AWESOME!  I ordered an extra side of it since I didn't care about my caloric intake that day.  The chicken was nice and moist, flavorful.  Bacon was thick, a little soggy (i like my bacon crispy) but it was under a mountain of food so not the piggies fault...  The spinach and tomato added a nice "healthy" touch... lol sorry I have to laugh when i say that...Then I had the big chunk of watermelon that came on my drink as dessert.  Let's just say, That was my one meal the entire day and I didn't even think about food until passing out when I finally got home back to LA.
4	enormous plate portions!!!  WOW! I was full just by starring at my plate. The breakfast that I had was incredibly good.  The only thing that I was missing was sourdough bread and classic harh browns.  They only had rye and wheat bread and potatoes as hash browns.Next time I go, I will try not to eat for several days.  My plate was enough to feed a family of 4!4 huge stars
4	When I saw this show on Man vs. Food, I knew I had to come here. I had previously yelped this place to see what everyone was ordering.I ordered the kiwi watermelon lemonade, it was soo yummy! I wished it was bottomless refills! My cousin and I shared a sage fried chicken with bacon waffles and Andy's sage fried chicken benedict. OMG! it was way too much food! It all tasted awesome, service was good and very helpful. Definitely will be back again and try there breakfast menu.
5	The food and selection were terrific. The place was packed when my group arrived, but we were not disappointed. For four people, each pair shared a dish, and all four shared the pancake special of the day-a banana pumpkin pancake. There was plenty of food to go around. I had the salmon benedict, which was great. There wasn't a ton of salmon, but the asparagus and sun dried tomatos were great touches for the dish. We also ordered one of the special coffees offered for the day. Honestly, it was bland, missing and the rich coffee taste. The syrup added for flavor didn't help. But that's my only complaint. Everything else was great. Great food, great service, great company, I'd definitely come back.
2	If I had to give this place a headline it would be "underspiced, overpriced". I was extremely disappointed with the food. I ordered the Chicken and waffles, boy are they terrible. Bland waffles, tough tasteless chicken and a strange maple reduction that tastes like a soy sauce mixed with Bar-B-que sauce, at almost 20 dollars a plate I expected better(how could the NY times make this their top pick/ ever had roscoes Ny times?). Their drinks are the only saving grace of this restaurant. I had a very good mocha drink and my friend had the watermelon lemonade, both I would order again. Then there is the wait, we had a big group of 7 people and it took them an hour and a half to seat us. Overall I would avoid this place.
5	The portions are fucking ENORMOUS! But, thats good, right? For the price, its not too shabby. I had the chicken and waffles which were amazing, to my surprise. Being from Los Angeles, the chicken and waffles here (Roscoe's) are like.. a gift from the Gods, so I was kinda hesitant on trying that dish anywhere else, but I'm extremely glad I did. Lets just say, if I could drive all the way to LV for that breakfast dish every morning, i would. Its so worth it. The waffles are soooo fuckin' fluffy and they have bits of bacon inside, the chicken was great as well and - well, since I love the presentation part of my meals - the chicken is stacked on the waffles and there's a hugeeee knife going through it surrounded by green onions, mmmm. Anyone wanna drive with me to Vegas for some breakfast? uhh sayy... tomorrow morning? And the day after that? And then the day after?!I also paired that meal with a strawberry lemonade which was a little too sweet but all you need is just extra ice and enjoy the bits of strawberry inside. =) MMMMMM.
5	Be ready to WAIT for your food. They cook everything from scratch. That said everything is gigantic and amazing. I have been to hash-house a-go-go several times with family and friends in vegas and it never fails to:a. Take a long time.b. be absolutely amazing and worth the wait.highlights include: all of their burgers, massive omelets, and fried chicken and waffels. i hear there is a new location on south strip but i ve only ever  gone to the one on west Sahara. good thing to do on the way to or from red rock.
5	Clarification: This is a 5 Star restaurant  if you're looking for massive servings of comfort food made creatively, with fabulous & quality ingredients. I can't say anything else that hasn't already been said.
5	Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict!!!Absolutely delicious. Shared it with a friend and we did not have to eat another meal for the rest of the day!
5	I was never sure of what I would want my last meal to be until now.This honor goes to Hash House. I don't care what anyone says or if they think its overrated... I LOVE HASH HOUSE.I got the goat cheese and sun dried tomato scrambler with crispy potatoes and biscuits and tried some of the chicken and waffle tower. All of these were pure baby trading status. Hands down, one of the best meals I have ever had. The goat cheese complemented the sweetness of the sun dried tomatoes perfectly in the scrambler. The biscuits were thick and doughy and extremely fresh. The waffles, probably accidental, had some bacon cooked into it and i don't care if it was a mistake or not it was bomb.com. Fried chicken was perfection- not too greasy and very juicy.VERY GENEROUS portions. One or two entrees could easily feed an Asian family.
5	holy crap this place was good. i dont remember what we ordered, but it was the special that the guy from food network ordered here. fried chicken with waffles and all this other stuff on it.. beyond delicious... definitely hit the spot!!!!
5	THE BEST breakfast resturaunt I have ever been to!!! Firstly, the decor is really great, very nice and clean with style! I cannot rave enough about how delicious my breakfast was as well as my husbands! His was served in a cast iron pan (which was really cool). I got a benedict which was unlike any breakfast dish I have ever had, it was just amazing! REALLY AMAZING FOOD!. The portions were huge and their coffee was also really great! Our waitress was OK, but the food was OUTSTANDING!!! I only wish they would open one in New York!!
3	I came here from a long plane ride and was starving. I had heard good reviews about this place and thought I'd give it a try. My party consisted of 7 people and were were sat in about 15 minutes. Not too bad on the wait. We sat down, ordered our drinks and was presented with the menus. There are many things you can choose from, it is mainly known for breakfast so I went for the chicken and waffles, one of their specialties. I would give the food an OK. rating. My waffles looked like they had fallen in grass with all the lettuce they used to decorate the waffles. Mimosas were mediocre and the overall service was just average. Our waiter was forgetful on the condiments and refilling the soda. It was pretty busy so I won't rate the service harshly. Overall, I may CONSIDER coming back, but may just look elsewhere.
5	omg this place is SO GOOD!!! :) huge portion & great prices!!I live in soCal, but when I went to visit my friend in Vegas, we partyd all night!!!!!!!!!!! When we woke up, we didnt know where we should eat. .. .. and then she decided to take me here!! AWESOME CHOICE!!There was a one hour wait for two people, so if you're not the waiting type, this isnt for you. But if you can bare through that, I promise it's worth it!! :) The pictures of the things we ordered are uploaded onto yelp!! It's been so long I forgot what it's called. But damn... it was huge & delicious :) just how I like it, jk jk hahaha!! and their prize winning drink was BETTER THAN FREE ALCHY FROM THE CASINOS :) I definitely recommend this location to EVERYONE and i will surely be finding their san diego location soon!!
5	Man vs Food!!!!!!!!! Huge portions
2	I hate to be a downer, but the breakfasts here were so big, they were more disgusting than appetizing. Looking at a foot-tall mound of food after a long night of drinking and gambling is just not OK in my book.
3	I'm basing my review on a number of things. My meal, my husband's meal, price, etc.My husband had the sage fried chicken and waffles. He said they were amazing. They were HUGE, however, and he could only eat about 1/3 to 1/2 of it. Being in Vegas, it's not really feasible to take a to-go box with you. So, half his meal was left behind. I hate seeing all that food go to waste, so I wasn't thrilled about this.I had the chicken and biscuits. It's served over country style mashed potatoes with delicious gravy. The potatoes, biscuits and gravy were all delicious, however my chicken was super dry. I could have used a LOT more gravy to help out with the chicken. Still, I finished most of it. The portion size was a lot better than the chicken and waffles. Price was average based on the amount of food we received. We were far too full, and because it was dinner time, we didn't have any of their coffee drinks which I hear are out of this world. Perhaps next year when we're back in Vegas we'll stop in for a late breakfast instead of dinner.
4	WOW the food.....yeah.  GO for the food.  Down side, had to ask for syrup 4 times from 3 different people.  But man the food.  It was so good.  We had meatloaf sandwich on milk bread with salad, sage chicken benedict, tractor special and benedict home style.  Not one of us finished and no one had a bad meal.  We all had beer too.  Mmmmm.  I had a Arrogant Bastard Ale that was terrific.  You know what is messed up....we live in Indiana and this place is to originate like 20 min from us and there is NO Hash House A Go Go here.....WTH?????  Anyhow, get your a$$ to a Hash House without hesitation!!!  MMMMMMMMMM!!!!
4	This place is sick.That said, it's sick in the most delicious way possible.Okay, y'all know me, constantly griping about how many new things I want to try but it's all too far, it's such a chore to get around this city without a car, yada yada, well this is something which I haven't tried yet which isn't all that far out of the way from where I live. I was having Yelp withdrawls, instead of hitting up a usual suspect for the weekend like I have for the past several months, this time I needed to trysomething new so I had reason to post a new review. I am an aspiring writer you know. I've heard horror stories about the waits to get seated, but when we came in there was no wait at all. I'm guessing that must be during the breakfast rush, since we came in for dinner. The ambiance is not what I was expecting based on what I've heard. Outside, it does indeed look "farm-like", but the inside is a different story. The front half of the room was very ~hip~, the back half had a more intimate feel. I always thought the interior would match the exterior with the farm theme, but, like the tagline says, this is TWISTED farm food so that could be part of the point for all I know. And now, I will tell you all why this place is so "sick."As we were reading over our menus, we were given these gargantuan biscuits smothered in honey. They looked delish, but they were a tad disappointing. They were crispy on the outside, and moist on the inside....until you get closer to the middle. At that point the biscuit gets quite dry, thank god for the whipped butter they give you on the side and all that honey residue on the plate. My mom ordered the Bacon Garlic-Mashed Potato burger with bacon cheddar mashed potatoes. Although she couldn't finish it, the burger wasn't too insane. The bacon mashed potatoes were AMAZING. They didn't give us any gravy though, but that was good enough by itself, I definitely know what I'm getting next time I go there. The burger was an unusual taste sensation, having mashed potatoes on it. It is quite tasty once you get used to it however. I ordered brinner: Eggs, smothered in cheese with sausage and crispy potatoes, on top of the Flapjack. Now THIS was sick. So sick. The pancake was the size of a SKILLET, and the waitress even had to hold my plate with two hands. Like I said earlier though, the pancake was sick in the most delicious way possible. I had about 3 bites of it before cutting it up into seven pieces to take it to go for the next day (which would be today. And I still haven't finished it). I was shocked about the potatoes. I figured they would be like hash browns, but they were hefty wedges sprinkled with onions and peppers. Salt and pepper did the trick to make them less bland, but they didn't work all that well as I tried to mix them up with the eggs and sausage. It still made for a tasty meal, and I was almost full after finishing up that. We were in and out of there in a little over an hour. Talk about swift service. The portion sizes may scare me a little bit, but they are a steal at these prices, and it's always nice to be able to make another meal out of restaurant leftovers.Delicious food? Great service? Leftovers that are basically guaranteed? I'll be back alright.
3	Be prepared to drive a good 10-15 minutes off the strip.  Portions are ginormous.  We ordered the Meatloaf and the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles.  The meatloaf was dry.  It came with a side of potatoes, eggs, and a slice of cantaloupe.  It was a random combination but we were glad it was there to make up for the dry meatloaf.  The fried chicken was under-seasoned, but the parts that were seasoned was pretty good.  The waffles were good but only because of the bacon stuffed inside it.
3	Depends on what you're looking for here.  I wouldn't say this place has the best tasting breakfast food ever, but ti's solid.  Of course, the portions are BIG.  The service was friendly and efficient, at least when we were there.  Fun place to try once.
2	2nd time here and I don't think we'll be back. Portion sizes are ridiculous and when you want to split something they charge you roughly $4 or you can order a side to compensate so I did. We got the breakfast quesadilla with a side of bacon. The quesadilla was very good but the bacon was so frickin' limp and soggy it wasn't even funny.If this would've been taken care of in a decent time frame I wouldn't be giving them 2 stars but our waiter didn't check on us until the time for the frickin' check! We ate that huge quesadilla, sat around with no drink refills and then he finally brings the check which I told him to take the bacon off cause I wasn't paying for it.Quesadilla - Good. Bacon - Horrible. Service - Sucked.P.S. Turn down the volume on the stereo!
3	Food was overpriced, but good. If you like loud heavy metal music,  this is the place to go. I ask them to turn the music down, but they said they couldn't , well, I couldn't go back. I was a nervous wreck before I was done eating my food.
3	Top quality chefs displaced by the economic downturn are working here, so the Food is excellent. Always expect at least a 35 minute wait for a table.
5	This place is worth all of the hype. Great service, full bar, and HUGE portions!  Our server was a doll (although I can't remember his name).  Sage Fried Chicken Benedict is incredible!  That was the best fried chicken I have ever had. Hint: portions are huge so share!!!
1	Arrive shortly after 2:30, no other folks trying to get in.  Door locked, when finally in the customer service was atrocious, which is unfortunate because I love the food, but too bad for my guest whohas never experienced it!!!  Be a little more friendly!!!!!  Your restaurant was still operating and the kitchen was still open!  What hardship would it had been to seat and serve a 2-top!   PATHETIC customer service... Oh but we were told we could go eat at one of the other two locations!  At the nasty dingy IP or 45min away at M!  How ridiculous!!!
5	First and foremost, I LOVE brunch.  I love the smell of waffles and fried chicken! YES hands down one of thee best chicken and waffles!Ok, I'm in Las Vegas, a bit hung over.  My solution a bloody mary!  No no no, not just your normal bloody mary, it's a BLT Bloody!  Yes Served with Bacon Lettuce Tomato and A Side of Toast.  Not the sandwich but Bacon AND Lettuce in your drink and a side of toast and Tomatoe.  I FRIKKING LOVE IT HERE! I always have brunch whenever I can.
4	Let me preface this review by saying, I've been to both this hash house and the one at Imperial Palace and this by far is a shitton better in terms of wait time, service, and dare I say even the food. I had a large group of famished, sunday-after-vegas-weekend-exhausted friends. All of them more than ready to show hash's infamously large plates what was up. Okay well maybe that could've just been my thoughts, really.I was fortunate enough to have an eating partner willing to partake in my fatty adventure. The original request of a not so detrimental eggs benedict had been replaced by the andy's sage fried chicken benedict and a chorizo hash. Mind you, two very gargantuan orders. What a good sport, I almost kind of felt bad. Almost. Everyone got a variety of things which was of course, more food than anyone should ever force to digest in one sitting. We really enjoyed the sage fried chicken and chorizo orders --and were also the only two who finished all of our food. Side note, the fried chicken in and of itself was a bit dry. Luckily there was enough fat off the bacon, and the fried cheese to keep it moist. LOL. My friend got the kiwi watermelon drink thing which she seemed to have liked. No one else bothered with drinks. Bellies full, albeit painfully. Back on the road for a very long comatose drive home.
2	Me and my gf just got done eating here.  Everything on the menu sounded great and we decided on the chicken Benny and she decided on the sirloin sandwich daily special.  My plate had plenty of food on it, but when I took the first bite it was unfortunately fairly cool, not warm at all. As I got to the center if the plate it did get a little warmer but it just wasn't as hot as I like.  My gfs sandwich was very big but she told me it was very bland tasting.  I tried it and she was right it didn't have a delicious taste.  I't wasn't bad but for a 15 dollar sandwich and fries I think it could have been better.  We have been wanting to eat here because we had coupons, but guess what they said that they couldn't accept the coupon because it was a holiday.  Halloween,  I guess I should have known better considering on the back it says not redeemable on holidays.  Come on who ever thought that halloween would fit into that category.  Well I was wrong!  So 32.00 dollars later I did have leftovers but that's about it.  I don't know if we will be back, maybe one more try later.  Oh forgot to mention that the server only came to us about 2 times and never offered to refill our drinks.  Also she didn't offer a straw for our drinks.  Now that I think about it the only reason why I'll be back is to use the coupon once and for all and to try the snickers pancakes!  Happy halloween.
4	One of mine and my boyfriends favorite places to eat...but just know that if you go....plan to wait if its prime time...and go HUNGRY! The amount of food is sickening but makes great left overs and is such a great concept with great homestyle flavors kicked up. The only thing I have had that I was not a fan of was the meatloaf. I think I just like my recipe better. BUT the benedict varieties are great and the French Toast rocks too.
2	Food was ok as long as you don't ask for butter on the side. You might just get ketchup butter. Service is pretty good our waiter Jeremiah was awesome even though it was busy, he still checked in on us. But over all i give them a 2.5
1	A complete waste of time and money for me. If you just want heaps of food, go to Denny's and order two Grand Slams. You'll be better off. It shouldn't take 45 minutes to bring out a breakfast. The scrambled eggs should be edible. It shouldn't take an act of Congress to get a refill of a cup of coffee. Or some cream. Or some syrup. And the final straw was the argument with the waiter. I don't eat fruit. It's my quirk. My cross to bear. I get that. That's why I read the menu and order accordingly. So when I order the basic because it is the only thing that doesn't come with fruit, and then it comes out with pineapple on my bacon and biscuit. I'm not happy. The correct response from the waiter is not "read your menu" and "if you aren't allergic what's your problem."If I hadn't been with a group, we would have had a scene and I'd have walked out.
1	I was told this place was unique and the food was great. I found neither.huge portions, great .......but at the price, you might as well go to claim jumper for lesschicken and waffles unique? go to a soul food restaurant, they serve 'em dailyno substitutions or additions to plates? are you trying to make sure your maintain the culinary integrity of the restaurants double cheesburgers? shut the f%*k up and give me a side of mayo!
2	The Hash House A Go Go has an interesting menu and has been on a travel channel show, but in my opinion, it is more fluff than substance and your typical example of "sounds better on paper."  You get large portions at a premium price for your typical diner (aka Denny's style) food dressed up with a sprig of sage - it's not bad but you might feel a bit disappointed if you were expecting something awesome.  Stay away from some of the gimmicky items, and you will have an experience similar to an IHOP.As a person who usually orders waffles, I have to say this: order the pancakes.  The waffles have a slight baking soda taste, and when you get the bacon cooked in the waffle, it makes the flavor more pronounced.  Most people are too hung-over or impressed by the serving size to care.  It took me 2 visits to come to the conclusion that decent pancakes trump weird waffles, and trust me, you don't want to order the bacon waffle unless you really like grease.  Despite the yummy sounding menu, the best items to get are their "regular" dishes like an omelet or eggs and bacon.  Their food tends to be bland, as if adding salt or ketchup is a requirement.  The chicken is ok for the first couple of bites, but it's actually a bit too dry and bland to enjoy without dipping it in something.  The omelets and pancakes were never bad during my visits.The service is efficient and professional, though not particularly friendly.  If this place is on your "Vegas to do List" then you should try to come during non-peak meal hours to avoid lines and a busy waitress.  I know The Hash House A Go Go tries to create a nice breakfast/diner experience but the inconsistent flavors makes it difficult to really like.  If you're here to experience Vegas, then stick with some basic breakfast or menu items and you should be fine.  It's not a bad place, but I think it is more hype than taste.  There are cheaper and tastier places to have breakfast, but then again, Hash A Go Go does provide some very interesting menu options.  You should go just to see how big some of these dishes are.
3	Yes! Go here when you want good food at a chill spot in the middle of Vegas. Europeans say the best way to fight a hangover is to eat greasy foods! Well, I dont get drunk enough to have hangovers, nor do I agree with everything Europeans say... nor is Hash House that greasy, so I have no idea why I said that. Onto the review.Food - Bomb dot comPortions, ambiance, prices and whatever else doesnt even matter with the above said food description. Well, 1 star off because of the price and inconvenient locations (i.e. they need more locations, specifically in San Gabriel Valley where I live).I guess all that's left to talk about is the customer service. It's an American restaurant, not an Asian mom and pop, so comparably, I'd say it was pretty awesome. 'nough said.
3	Mostly a note on my latest trip on a Friday at 11am focusing on the service at the bar...The 40-something looking Asian waiter was working the bar when I sat down.  Turns out he had missed one of the women sitting next to me's dishes completely and didn't remember to enter mine for 10-minutes after I placed it. There was a huge wait too which I suspect his being in the weeds was accountable for some of.  I am not sure if it was his server skills or the fact that he was also making all the drinks that resulted in the service being a bit weak, but luckily the food was good as usual.  Hey Hash House management, don't let your bar get too far in the weeds!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!! I don't even know where to begin. They have the best breakfast ever and large portions. I checked this place out in Vegas first and fell in love with their food. I have also went to the one in San Diego every hash house a go go I've been to always a huge wait. I have had the fried chicken and waffles plate its bomb.com! and I've also had the Andy's famous sage fried chicken which is also bomb.com. I always share my plate with someone because its way too much food for me. I think for the amount of food the prices are reasonable and the staff is always attentive and friendly. I will keep going to this place whenever I have a chance. Mimosas are always good here but I wish they had bottomless mimosas.
4	The first time I went here I was hooked.Drink - I strongly recommend the Bloody Mary, even if you don't like them try someone's in the group you go with if possible and I think they will change your mind.  It's a bit spicy and is not tomato-y.  It's just 100% awesome.  Every trip to Vegas gets me to this place just for this drink at least once, its a must have.Food - I've tried a couple different dishes and Andy's Sage Chick is my favorite.  Piled high with awesomeness, fried chicken, chipotle sauce, bacon and eggs.If you go during peak hours prepare yourself to wait, its worth it but you will be standing there for a while.  Peak hours from my observation is weekends and nights.
5	I don't like meatloaf but this was not your average piece of meatloaf. This was a slice of amazing. The fried green tomatoes were a first for me and I don't think I'll find anything near as good.
4	This was the location I first experienced Hash House after watching Man vs. Food.  Very happy I came. The food is basically on steroids. A plate can feed at least 2 adults. The food is super sized but it doesn't lose it's quality. Amazingly delicious!!! This last time that I was there. I ordered the chorizo hash and griddled French toast with a refreshing kiwi watermelon lemonade. What I've had:Andy's sage fried chicken benedict-I've had it several times and I could only eat 1/4 of the dish. It was certainly delicious. The chipotle cream made the dish even more special. Fried chicken and waffles-it's a tower of chicken on top of a bed of waffles. chicken pot pie-ginormous like all the other plates. It's a deconstructed pot pie. corned beef hash (my bf's favorite!!) caramelized banana pancakes-this is heaven!!! It's the size of a large pizza so be prepare to share with 3 other ppl. Andy's famous bread pudding-very rich, chocolaty, fluffy and lovely!!! Won't disappoint!!! You will never walk away hungry. To top it off, every person in your party will walk out with left-overs/an actual meal.
5	NOM! Enough said! I have dreams of this place and can only get my fix when I come to town.. I miss living here so I can come here on weekends for breakfast with my husband. ***TIP*** if you tend to eat smaller portions, split an order with a table mate. Enough food to feed several.
5	Great smells that whet your appetite, even from your dreams if you've ever eaten here.  Sure I know everyone talks about and it feels about as played out as something Seacrest is boasting on KISS but come on, we all love it, and forget all the trash we talked whenever we return.My typical order is the #4 hash, pancakes, whole wheat toast.  I know I'm a creature of habit but this is also a great place to graze on the breakfast of others, and I strongly suggest not to invite anyone that won't partake, so leave your guarded friends at home.  Even if you're on the professional end, I have breakfast meetings here for my staff on a regular basis.  Overall it's an great place to eat, graze, and take your time, just make sure to be ready to wait on the weekends.
5	I came for the sage fried chicken eggs Benedict and the hashes. I was hoping they would have a different type of hash but alas they just serve food. But that's all good because the food I had was delicious. The highlight was definitely the fried chicken eggs Benedict. You have to like chipotle because the entire giant plate is covered with a chipotle cream sauce, luckily I thought it was perfectly spicy and very tasty. Like some ofthe other reviewers have said, the chicken is a bit dry but my piece was not bad at all and nothing that compromised the dish. The grilled mozzarella on the chicken was a perfect addition to the chicken flavor profile. The dish is perfect to split with someone. The best part for our group was that they have seasonal fresh made jams for the biscuits. Peach was the flavor of the day and it was fantastic. My friend doesn't like jams or jellies but likes peaches so he wanted to give it a try. He loved it and wanted to buy a jar but they didn't sell any. Our waitor saw that my friend was bummed about not getting to bring any jam home, so when he came out with check he brought a huge container half full of the jam. He gave us as much as was on the table for use. Great service. Thank you very much sir it outlasted our trip of 3 days.
5	I am very picky about breakfast and this place is phenomenal. Saw on Man vs. food and was in Vegas on vacation so we wanted to experience for ourselves. I don't usually indulge in biscuits with sausage gravy, but this one served over smashed potatoes was worth every single calorie! My other friends got different versions of hash and couldn't stop raving about it! Definitely worth the drive or cab ride off strip!
5	** NOTE TO SELF: YOU ARE NOT ADAM RICHMAN **DRINKS:banana latte: yumm!OJ: can taste the freshnessMango Iced Tea: Not too sweet, just how i like itWatermelon Kiwi Lemonade: pretty & tastyFOOD:* Andy's sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs : this this was ridiculously big.  High five to my girls who attempted to conquer this mountain* House smoked fresh salmon, basil pesto, fresh tomato and melted brie cheese:  a perfect blend.  Can't wait to make it at home ;)* Corned Beef, red onions and swiss cheese: how the white folks like it!!! you can taste all the spices in every bite!! corned beef done well* Banana Brown Sugar Pancake: 13 inches of HEAVEN!!!* Vanilla Waffle:  Not a fan of Belgian style, i like mine thin & crispy ... just like an eggoSERVICE:The wait was not as long as i thought it would be, maybe because it was too early to be awake in Vegas? :/ The wait staff was nice, friendly, and very helpful.  When your waiter tells you, YOU GUYS MIGHT WANT TO SHARE, listen to them!!!I will definitely return next time I'm in Vegas.  There's just so much more my taste buds need to explore :)  Expect an Update Review!!
4	The food here is BIG and DELICIOUS!  We experienced slowish service, but we weren't in a hurry, so that was okay.  The food is rich and heavy.  But it really is good.  Out of the four people in our party all but one person loved their food.  I tried bites of every ones food and thought it all tasted good.  It is pricey, but you do get alot.  And you could split if you are not a super big eater.  I think, being a Foodie, that it is very worth the stop!!!
3	I'm going to round this up to a 3 star rating because I've never really ate at a place quite like this.  They actually have really interesting stuff on the menu that sound really appetizing.  I wish I could've just ordered everything I wanted, but there was no way no how i'd be able to do that.  My BF and I decided to split a plate since it was our first meal of the day.  We had the rosemary fried chicken with bacon waffle and leeks- $14.95.  It's definitely not chicken and roscoes!!!!  The chicken was extremely dry, hard and almost inedible.  Waffle was too thick and not moist and fluffy; it was also dry.  The only saving grace on that plate were the leeks, and I would say it was there more for decorative purpose.  I'd pass on this dish.  We also had two eggs, sunny side up, for an additional $2.95.  This excluded the $2.50 fee they add on for those who split a plate.  The rest of my party enjoyed pancakes and the basics!.  Everything is just ginormous!!!  The pictures posted give a rime example of the sizes/portions.  Even the kids pancake is huge, and definitely not bad for 4.95?  It was cheap!  The restaurant is pretty spacious and I appreciate the big booths they have.  I can't really say the decoration stood out to me though.  I can't pinpoint anything specific about it.Service was slow and rushed at the same time, if that even makes sense.  She took really long to greet us, but when she finally did she was eager to take our orders.  No "good morning", or "welcome to hash house".  It was my first time there so it would've been nice to have been greeted with a welcoming hello.  After she took our orders, it was a realllllllly long time before we saw her, or our food.  I flagged someone down inquiring about our food and then they finally came out, cold.  Blah.Overall, I think I want to give this place another shot, but it will probably be a while before I venture out again.  In the mean time i'll stick to the more "normal" breakfast spots out there....Oh yea, btw, Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends, all the people I've been blessed enough to cross paths with, all the people I have yet to meet, and most importantly my family! Thankful to have everyone of you in my life!  Enjoy
5	I love the food in this place, their breakfasts are just HEAVEN! My favorite: Sundried tomatoes and goat cheese omelette!The only criticism I have about this place is that they don;t like changing dishes, so if you happen to not like a specific ingredient, tough luck.But it's still insanely good.
2	This is for the one at the M, but the food is pretty much the same at all of them.  I haven't had the drinks, which may be fabulous, but I find the quality of the food lacking.  You'd think they'd at least make good hash, considering the name, but it's just some fried potato chunks and meat blobs thrown together (the pork one).  Or just fried potatoes with a crab-flavored bread patty on top.  When you figure what you spent on a too-huge portion of carbs it doesn't add up.  One person can't eat it all, but too often you discover you don't want to eat most of it.  I'd love to have good diner hash....or good diner anything...instead of these supposedly updated versions.  The novelty of huge wears off quickly.  The only thing I like is the Hash House salad which is just lettuce with a light cucumber dressing.
5	Hash House A Go Go, AS SEEN ON MAN VS. FOOD!!!OVerall, i give this place a 9/10, but for stars a 4/5.the good: great location, off the strip, small parking lot but not crazy like every other restaurant in vegas. good, neighborhood diner with great food.our main waitress was very nice, answered or questions, suggested what to get, checked in on us, etc.We oredered the Sage's Fried Chicken Benedict, as seen on Man vs. Food, and one order of flapjakcs to split between three people.the flapjack was warm, fluffy, moist, soft, and absolutely delicious, it was made how a pancake should be made. the benedict was also absolutely dilcious, and HUGE!!theres bacon  mashed potatoes, biscuits, bacon, spinach, scrambled eggs, fried chicken, cheese literally grilled on the flat top, and all stacked and topped with Chipotle Cream sauce.it is warm, juicy, tender, spicy(not too spicy has a kick kinda spice) ooey gooey positively delicious!the one bad thing we did not appreciate was some punk kid who brought us extra plates, and when we asked for bigger plates (he had brought us small bread plate things) he came back with bowls....which did not resolve the situation and he jsut dropped them on the table and said "here" and walked away.good thing though our kind waitress brought the right plates.if your in vegas, then go!!
2	Kind of obnoxious! Portions are waaaayyyy to big. I am totally one to believe it's all about the experience. .sometimes it doesn't even matter about food. I went with 2 great friends from Indiana so we were totally stoked that they had Indiana favorites on the menu :)I had a banana nut pancake that was killer.. but was the size of 3 pancakes together..lol. So wasted most of it! Scrambled Eggs I sent back 2 times because they were runny & not cooked.. ended up not eating because they could'nt get it right! Just walked away disappointed I guess... many people call it Hash House A NO NO!! lol. Try if you must!
4	I ate their this weekend..drove off the strip about 12 min but well worth it their was a line outside to get seated it took about 30 to sit ..ordered a s'more mocha it was delicious a s'more you could drink wow! Then ordered a brown sugar banana pancake and that was also delicious. Their was 4 of us and we all loved our food and its so much food for so little $... go there will definitely be back ;)
5	If you're in Vegas, you CAN'T miss this place...enjoy ;)
2	This place charges $2.50 for sharing.  Families with kids, you've been warned!If you want your kids to share your food, they'll get charged too.  I didn't want to order anything for my 3 and 5 yr old because I knew the portions were huge and we had 6 adults already ordering entrees.  The waiter then said I had to order at least $1.95 (for a biscuit) for the kids or they'll be charged a sharing fee.  Seriously?!It was only after I made a formal complaint to the manager that they took off this charge.  The manager, Lupe, was a nice lady but give me a break.  Who charges for kids sharing their parents' plates?!  And it wasn't like we weren't already spending over $100 based on the adults entrees and drinks.I would've given this place 1 star but my meal companions enjoyed their food.  Too bad.  We could've been repeat customers but after this experience and their stupid sharing policy, no way will I ever go back.  There are way too many other choices.
4	Do not let the plate fall in your lap, it will break your leg. Talk about a lot to eat. WOW. I was already to dis this place, because the front doesn't know what the back is doing, but there were a lot of us and it was getting late. So, after waiting an hour, we were all split up into three tables. Not good so we waited a few minutes more and the manager got us straighten away outside on the patio. We were not happy yet, but they were trying. We ordered and when the dishes came, holy cow. There was enought food on any one plate to feed four. And the food was good, Go figure. Well, food great and prices okay, service, well staff needs to be trained on how to handle large parties, there were 11 of us. But after we thought we were going to just walk out, we were pleasantly surprised.
4	Good food... and lots of it!!!
3	Fun restaurant, it was insanely busy when we showed up of course but it was worth the wait. We had decent service considering they had a packed house and the food was great. I had the salmon bendict. Scarfed that thing down. One of my friends had a scramble which wasnt the best dish on the table and my other friend had the fried chicken and waffles which was surprisingly scrumptious! Only downside, I desperately wanted more syrup! The waffles were pretty dry despite the slight drizzle of syrup. Coffee was good a strong just how I like it!
2	I've been here twice. It's a cool concept, mashed-up semi-twisted food. You're hungry - You really want to like it. For me, my last round here fell flat. I ordered the bacon infused waffle with a couple of fried eggs piled on top for good measure and a cup of joe. First, the coffee must have been on its last legs because is was lukewarm. I sent it back. After a night of slinging drinks on the strip, the last thing you want is shitty coffee. Then, my dish arrives. It looks pretty, but the eggs are ... wait ... wait ... also lukewarm. Sweet baby Jesus! This is a tepid themed nightmare. Overall, the meal was disappointing. I'm done with this high concept low results joint.
5	Pre race meal. Wow!!! I was looking for a good breakfast place for  a Pre race meal for the Rock and Roll half Marathon and read some reviews.  I wanted to eat healthy, so it couldn't be just a fried breakfast joint!  This Hash a go go was perfect.  I could not have found more ideal restaurant.  I ordered the granola cereal, and fruit which turned out to be a very large bowl of fresh granola with great tasting fruit water melon, black berries, blue berries, banana, raspberries, and pineapple all were fresh and quite tasty!I also got my partner the special granola and peach pancake which I tasted and we agreed was fantastic and way too much!The service was excellent and met all my needs without asking!I really like the idea of not only following status quo for the usual routine breakfast food, I like the clever progressive options also on their menu!  Look forward to my next visit!
5	We saw this  place on Man vs. Food and decided to seek it out on our next LV trip.  Needless to say, we were NOT disappointed with Hash House A Go Go.  I understand that there are some hotel versions of this closer to the Strip, but we trekked out to the original on Sahara Blvd. and it was well worth the drive.  We were seated within 30 mins. on a Saturday, we expected to wait longer, as this place is a magnet for locals and visitors alike - perhaps the Casino versions of the restaurant keep it down to a decent wait if you drive out to the original HHAGG.  Service - probably the only thing that wasn't stellar here.  I won't take a star off for that, but it could have just been when we were there - the servers seemed a little green and the hostess had about as much class as what you might see in a local trailer park, but I digress.  Now, on to the reason to eat at Hash House A Go Go - the food - OMG - some of the biggest portions I've ever seen and not just big but good big food.  I had the Indiana Favorites - Andy's Sage Fried Chicken w/maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon, mashed potatoes & biscuit.  And I ate every single thing on that plate - come hungry.  It was magnificent!  The chicken was tender and crunchy, drizzled with just enough maple reduction (i.e. syrup) to give it such a nice sweet taste to the the coating on the chicken.  More potatoes than you probably eat for a Thanksgiving dinner including 2nds and 3rds but I kept that fork moving through everything, savoring each bite and not wanting this food to end.  The biscuit - oh man- the biscuit - you have to have a biscuit - take an order of those to go...they're that good.  And the whole thing was around $15.  This is now a must visit spot on any trip to Vegas.  We may try the Casino version to compare, but if you are in town and hungry - give the gaming tables and Cicque shows a rest and grab a fork and napkin and dig in - you will  NOT be disappointed.  Save your workout for the next day.
3	I was looking for a place to have brunch and I had heard from word of mouth that Hash House A Go Go was known for their HUGE portions so I figured it was worth a try. My friends and I arrived around 12:00pm or so and the place was super busy. There was a 30 minute wait which gave me more than enough time to look over the menu so that I could be ready to order once we sat down.For drinks we ordered the Watermelon Kiwi Limeade and the Smores Espresso. Both drinks were amazing and I would highly recommend both. However, just know that there are no refills on specialty limeades.For food we ordered the Trucker Combo with the Snickers Flapjack and the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. The snickers flapjack was enormous! It was probably larger than my face, it was larger than the plate it was served on. It came with 2 eggs and sausage. Very filling combo with a nice sweet touch added from the snickers. I had a few bites of the Fried Chicken meal. This combo was an enormous serving of fried chicken, bacon, biscuits and mashed potatoes. The meal as a whole tasted pretty good but I would have to say that on an individual level, I was a bit disappointed in the chicken. The chicken was supposed to be the highlight of the dish but it unfortunately tasted the most bland. All in all, I wouldn't mind going back to Hash House A Go Go but it probably won't always be at the top of my list of choices simply because the type of food served is something that can be found at other establishments and I am just not over my disappointment in the fried chicken. However, the environment was very casual and fun and the price is right considering the amount of food you get. I would be interested to try some other items on their menu as well as enjoy more of their very delicious drinks.
5	"GO GO" TO HASH HOUSE, BUT "NO NO" DANCING -- I'm a bit embarrassed, but I want to provide in advance of you going, advice and a warning.  No need to dress up in your leotards, a tutu, and/or your dance shoes (not that I did that or anything, because I always wear my Capezio's when going for breakfast).  I just thought with the name, I'd go all out.  While dancing is not discouraged, it's also not a dance club (like I MAY have thought).  Instead, I partook of what they do offer here: GROSSLY HUGE food.  BREAKFAST -- You have to try their famous breakfast items: fried chicken & waffles (comes stacked high practically to the ceiling), the pancake (size of a Fiat), and lots of good egg/omelet choices (I like the chicken hash & eggs), and warm buttermilk biscuits with freshly-made jam.  Good Lord!LUNCH/DINNER -- Meatloaf (be civil, it's a massive portion.  Eat half and be sure not make a spectacle of yourself.  Then, drive 2 blocks away to an empty parking lot and eat the other half in the car), the BBBLT (mmmmm lots of bacon, a whole pig worth), and their stuffed hamburger (1 pounder, impossible to eat the whole thing...again, head for the parking lot 2 blocks away).SALADS/HEALTHY -- Huh?  Whatever. SERVICE -- My favorite is Melina - whenever she was working, I'd always ask for her.  She's fun, and shows great customer service. Always terrific.  The hostesses are super sweet, and keep the waiting hungry customers moving as quick as possible.  The only way they could be nicer is if they offered small pieces of fried chicken to customers while waiting to be seated. WAITING -- No reservations, so my recommendation is to be there early before 930am.  If you get there at 10am or later, be prepared to wait 20-45 mins.  Again, no fried chicken served while you wait.   Pffff!PARKING -- Ample private lot, and since it is way off strip by a few miles -- you have elbow room on the streets, so no need to play bumper cars.CONCLUSION -- It's AWESOME.  I love, I love, I love  I've returned many times, and you will, too.
2	Hash house a no go!!!      Found 3 out of 3 dishes lacking in flavor.    Huge portions.  Chicken hash was dry, pork Benedict was more country fried slab of over cooked meat.  Bbblt was full of bacon but not flavor.
5	Hunger is a disease and Hash House A Go Go is the cure.This restaurant bills itself as Twisted Farm Food and they don't mess around.  Hash House (HH) combines classic hearty American "farmer's food" with a flair of culinary panache.  To say that this restaurant has great food and a personality all its own would be quite the understatement. This location is located off of the Strip and caters to more of the local scene.  It's very easily located and parking is abundant.  The ambiance of HH is diner meets bar.  There's a classic American feel to the venue dashed with that unmistakable Vegas flair.  The vibe is electric with the hustle & bustle of an extremely busy breakfast service.  If lady luck is on your side, your wait will be fairly short.  However, be prepared to wait your turn.  Obviously it's all about the food.  Portions are big, prices are appropriate, and it's all good.  Get ready to loosen your belt and epitomize one of the seven sins - gluttony.  The menu is extensive including breakfast and lunch items.  On my visit, we were there in the AM so it was breakfast all the way.  Everything looked so good, it was hard not ordering everything off the menu.  Personally, I ordered the biscuits & gravy w/sunny side up eggs and a side order of their fried chicken.  *Fatty Status - Check*  This was amazingly great!  The biscuits were fresh and homemade.  Great buttery taste without being too heavy.  The gravy was luscious teeming with chunks of pork sausage.  The chicken was ono, sadly not the best in the world.  But I would order it again.  My friends ordered other items *sadly memory fails me*, and they all loved it.  One of my friends said that HH was the highlight of his trip and couldn't wait to go back for it.  All in all, greatness.  Classic hearty American fare.  Can't beat it with a stick.  Great location, away from the strip, locals vibe.  I wish we had something comparable to this here in HI.  Maybe if I ask Santa nicely....
4	Dishes:Ground turkey, mushroom & broccoli ScramblesCorned Beef, red onions and swiss cheese House HashTwo coffeeHuge Huge HUGE portion! My boyfriend and I went here for breakfast during Thanksgiving weekend. We wanted to order the waffle too but our server told us their portion is pretty big! And I was glad I did not order the waffle. Service: Servers are very energetic. Couple servers like to sing in the background and honestly! They got GOOD voice! I went like "where is the voice coming from!!??"Minus 1 star for the service because our server refilled the coffee for the table next to us but not US even though we looked at him like we WANT COFFEE! Still... either we did not give the eye contact he wanted or he just did not want to refill for us.
5	Best bloody mary in town!
2	I liked the menu a lot and can tell that there is some serious potential here, but had a really bad experience. They couldnt help the obnoxious, loud, drunk group that came in, so I will give them a pass on that. But when my 1 pound burger came out, the fries were already cold. They seemed like they may have tasted pretty good if they had come out about 10 minutes earlier. Unfortunately they also forgot my biscuit until I mentioned it. They then brought it out and it was reallly dry. Again, seemed like it could have been better if it had been quicker. Again, I reallly wanted to like this place and was hoping to try a breakfast here before I left, but I'm really not sure I should risk it now. Bummer.
2	I went here with my boyfriend over a month ago. We had heard so many good things about it, we had to go! It was a random Friday morning around 10:00. It was pretty full. Which was a good sign, at first. After a brief wait, we sat down and looked at our menus. When the waitress first came over we ordered speciality coffee drinks. In the meantime we continued to look at the menu. Once we were ready we put the menus to the side and started talking. I noticed that people next to us had ordered and just gotten their food while we were sitting there and we had still to order and get our drinks. 15 minutes goes by and our waitress finally takes our orders. Meantime the other couple is finishing up their meal we have still to receive either part of our meal. Another 10 minutes, our waitress comes over to tell us the coffee bar is backed up. 25 minutes? of not receiving our drinks? How hard is it to make a coffee drink and add a little flare on the side? Anyhow, my drink comes first, by itself. Then our food, then 5 minutes into our food, his drink.  Seriously? Maybe you could let us know before we order them that we won't get them for 30 minutes.No matter how good the food was the service was awful. I don't think we will ever go back. Mid-meal we asked for waters and that took 10 minutes alone, I eventually had to stand up and ask another waitress. No thank you.Hash House A No No.
5	I totally enjoyed my dining experience at the Hash House. If you are ever in Vegas, this should definitely be on your to do list. The food was very flavorful and the staff displayed quality customer service from the beginning to the end. If you are wondering what I ordered.... It was the chicken benedict. Totally delicious!
5	Excellent food and beautiful presentation. Every dish came out looking like it was made for a show. The food was excellent and the service was really good too. The drinks (ie orange juice, coffee) were overpriced, that's my only complaint. The mango coconut pancake was incredible and super filling!  The pancakes are the size of a medium pizza, the biggest I have ever seen! We also tried a special scramble that was delicious. Overall I highly recommend this place!
4	I came here for breakfast and was shocked by the size of their food it's enormous. You should try to share since there is no way anyone can eat one plate by themselves. This said I had something called Benny's chicken (don't really remember the whole name) it was chicken, eggs, pesto sauce, mushrooms and cheese all over a biscuit. The food and service were excellent and I can't wait to come back.
4	Super fatty, ginormous, American breakfast feast platters. How can you go wrong? You're already at the city of Sin, just add gluttony to the list of vices.I've seen Hash House A Go Go on the FoodNetwork and have heard great things from friends, so I made it a point to check this place out, and of all days, the morning of my Las Vegas Marathon. I made sure I had enough protein, carbs, and starches in my system to keep me going for the long haul. Boy, did that plan come to fruition.My family and I showed up around 10am and were seated shortly. We ended up getting the Sage Fried Chicken on top of the Spinach Scramble which also had Biscuits and Gravy. Somewhere in there were slabs of bacon and a whole bunch of country potatoes. zOMG! I loved how, although the fried chicken was so large, it was juicy and tender and not at all dried out. The eggs were kind of overwhelming, but I love eggs. The biscuits were a little dense and dry, but the fatty and gluttonous gravy helped solve that issue. Every part of that platter was enjoyable. Three adults split that one entree and we barely cleaned it off.Service was somewhat slow, as our server was conveniently missing in action, while we saw all the other servers zipping by constantly. The line to get a table was pretty long by the time we left. One grip [hence the 4 stars and not 5], was the fact that there was a $2.50 splitting fee. In encouraging each person to perform their own personal episode of Man vs Food, they've enforced a fee on top of splitting the food.The one way you can waive that splitting fee is by ordering a side: a side of fruit, some bacon, biscuits, or even, yes you guessed it, a bowl of country gravy. We chose that ;DEven the kids' meal sizes are large. Everything food related here is large! And tasty. I will likely make this place a tradition - really like the food and can't wait to try all the other tasty items.There is a parking lot out front and it seemed large enough to satisfy the customer base here.
4	I love this place, but I don't like it. It wreaks havoc with all my good intentions to eat little, and eat healthy. There's not a dietitian alive who'd condone a dinner of mounds of deep-fried chicken piled atop FOUR, count 'em four Belgian waffles, garnished with more than a few strands of fried leeks, unless you count the sprig of fresh rosemary as a green vegetable.  That's hubby's favorite dish at this spot, which bills itself as "Twisted Farm Food."The best I can do in my Perpetual Diet World is the Stuffed Meatloaf, and I love it. Two slabs of meatloaf, with cheese, fresh spinach, and tomato stuffed inside, atop a mound of mashed potatoes.  The bonus is fresh green beans, which have the cooked-but-crisp quality I love at Chinese restaurants, and carrots.  I can continue to be delusional as I dig in!  I always order this dish without the marsala cream sauce, but whichever server I have always brings it on the side anyway.  The dish doesn't need it, and I sure don't need the calories.  My cousin dipped a pinkie in the sauce and pronounced it bland, so I'm sure I'm not missing anything.  And the double bonus is that I have enough of the meat loaf left over for a substantial dinner the next night!We usually come to Hash House when we have out-of-town guests, because it something our [East Coast] visitors can't get at home.  This time was no exception, and it's a hoot to watch their reactions when the food is brought out, either to our table or surrounding ones.  Even we gaped at a foot-high dish at a nearby table, and couldn't figure out what that pile on top of a slab of watermelon was.  We found out later that it's the Fried Green Tomato appetizer, and we marveled at that couple's ability to polish that off and continue on to main courses.  It looked fabulous, but I don't think we'll ever be ordering it.One thing I take exception to here is the wine list.  They've crossed the $7 line as their least expensive glass of wine, and at $10 and $12 a glass for my coveted Rieslings, I vote with my wallet.  As non-Strip eaters, we're not used to paying these prices, and I missed my customary wine with dinner.Still, HHAGG will stay on my bucket list for our visitors, and we sure get enough of 'em.
3	We have been to Hash House A Go Go many times using our Restaurant.com certificate.  Most of the time I order the Belgian waffles and fried chicken.  You get 4 very large waffles stuffed with bacon and two pieces of fried chicken.  I only ate one waffle and one piece of chicken.  I will have the other waffles, one each day for breakfast and have the chicken for dinner with other left-overs. The waffles were very good but the chicken breasts were very small and mainly crust with little meat.  Our cousin from Maryland was with us and she could not believe the size of the portions.  Like most restaurants it was very cold and they did not raise the temperature when we asked them to.  We will come back next time we get a visitor to share in the experience of eating here and seeing all the different very large dishes other people were getting.
4	When I lived in SD, we frequented the Hillcrest location. I loved that they expanded out to Vegas!I've come here on a few occasions now... with a bachelorette party, for a girl's trip, with a mommy-daughter bonding trip. The food here has always been solid... and the portions have always been HUMONGOUS! The service has been iffy, usually hit or miss.I love their fried chicken and waffles, their housemade biscuits are always a hit and the hashes have been solid.Flapjacks, I highly recommend the banana and brown sugar one. It's a HUGE pancake that tastes like bananas foster! Downside is that the charge for split plates and have minimum order enforcements for people. You can get around that by ordering a biscuit and splitting a main course since the amount of food is insane!
3	3 1/2 stars to be more precise.I'm sure Hash House A Go Go got a nice surge after being featured on Man vs. Food and the gratuitous plug from Adam Richman (who has one of the coolest jobs in the world by the way).  But me?  I dunno, I'm not overly impressed.  It's kind of middle of the road for myself.I'm a good eater...and at Hash House A Go Go they do serve BIG FOOD!  Portions are ginormous and meals often come out on platters the size of a small hubcap.  You will almost always leave with a little doggie bag of leftovers!  Alas, for me the flavors of the food doesn't particularly sing to my palette.  It just seems like you're going to a chain restaurant with lots of chain restaurant food, and it all just kinda tastes the same.  Not bad, but not standout great.  When you combine the muted flavors with the high prices I have no choice but to knock you down a star or two.But perhaps this is my fault.  People rave that this place is a great deal for breakfast, when they showcase the best things to have at Hash House.  I ended up going for dinner so maybe my review is somewhat off-kilter.  But I gotta go off of what we ate, and it pains me to say it but it was all average.We shared Andy's Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower ($18).  I saw pics of this platter online and thought we gotta have that.  In all?  It was ok.  The fried chicken was hot and juicy, but I couldn't get into the batter they dip it in.  It was a tad on the thick side and got in the way of the chicken.  Also, the flavor was just bland, bland, bland.  Not spicy, savory, or sweet like a decent fried chicken.  It was very plain.  The waffles stuffed with whole strips of bacon?  Impressive, but again off in it's flavors.  The smoked bacon was delicious on its own, but the waffle needed some seasoning that the hot maple reduction couldn't offer.  The waffle was nice and crisp and chewy on the inside though like a waffle should be.We also shared one of Andy's Twisted Stuffed Burgers ($15).  The one we got had roasted beef, smoked mozzarella, and charred tomato in it.  It came out in a HUGE stack which of course made it near impossible to eat.  I had to cut it into tinier portions just to pick it up!  Doing this made my stuffed burger very uneven in the tasting.  I had a hard time getting to meld a bite that included all the fixings in the burger.  And by the time I finally got to eat my burger the juices from the patty made my bottom bun extra SOGGY.  I hate that.  And again, the flavors just seemed subdued somehow.  No zip, no zing, no tang, no mas!  It really just struck me as an average burger.  I've honestly had a better one for less money.  Will this be the first place I suggest use a dash of MSG in their food?  However, the fries were crisp and delicious. Speaking of sharing...there will be none of it had unless you like being charged for it!  Seriously, you get charged a $4-5 fee if you are sharing one plate.  It seems a bit highway robbery if you ask me...serve me a too large portion of so-so food then punish me if I want to share?  I can see why obesity rates are high in the US.  So your best bet here is to order two plates of food (or an entree and a large side) if you're a couple and avoid that dumb fee altogether.  You will just have more leftovers to take home.  Speaking of leftovers...we left Hash House with 3 (yes 3) containers of food for the ride home!  I indeed ate all I could and left full, but not satisfied.  A few hours later I decided on some of the leftovers for a midnight snack but again was met with the mediocre.  My leftovers didn't hold up well at all!  Fried chicken was soggy (and still bland), and the burger had gone on the rubbery side.  I was too disappointed thinking about throwing away all this food so I ended up eating it anyway.  Not one of my finer moments.The main reason why I still give a 3 1/2 star here was because of the service.  Our waitress was very attentive and pleasant, and kept our drinks filled without much fuss.  She had some mad strong forearms too, defined!  Must be from all the heavy duty platter lifting going on there.Hate to say it Hash House A Go Go, but I think if I ever try this place again it will be for breakfast or brunch.  Please work on seasoning your food!  Thanks, k bye!
5	Even though I've only been here a handful of times, I think I'm starting to like it more and more each time.  This last visit was for my mother's birthday and I must say that I had no complaints and there was enough leftover for me to take with me for lunch at work.Pros:  *  Generous portions for the hungry  *  Really good customer service (this is important to me)  *  Quality food and decently priced  *  They quoted me a 30 minute wait, but it was actually quicker than that.Cons:  *  If you like embarrassing a birthday celebrant, don't bring them here.  No singing.  *  busy busy busy so expect a wait.  Overall:  Okay so there was a wait (there is always a wait), but I guess that's a good sign right?  One thing is for sure, they have some enormous portions.  So big in fact that Man Vs. Food's Vegas episode actually came to this location to feast.  Don't mistake quality for quantity here.  The portions are grand ,but the taste is just as amazing.  Tips:  *  If you share, make sure to order an extra side, otherwise they automatically charge you an extra $2 dollars.  Might as well get something extra since you're going to pay for it either way right?   *  Try some of their specialty drinks.  I forgot the exact name of my favorite, but it comes with a watermelon wedge dangling off the edge of the glass.  Spectacular!*  Come hungry... Seriously!  And don't come if you are in a rush.  Especially not during Brunch on a weekend
3	We went back for a second time really looking forward to the fried chicken & bacon waffles.  We ordered this and whilst there was nothing "wrong" it just wasn't as good as the first/last time we ate here.The service was excellent, the restaurant was much busier as we were there at lunchtime.I really can't put my finger on why we didn't enjoy it as much - we will go back next time we are in Vegas.
4	A great place for a nice breakfast. Big portions, good food and friendly staff. Try one of their special versions of eggs Benedict. These twists on the classic version are delicious.
5	When we go to Vegas, we make it a priority to visit hash house for breakfast or lunch.I recommend thinking outside the box and try something new.  Everything we have ate here has their own twist to it.The service is friendly and quite attentive considering how busy they are.Let me summarize with this quote "I dislike biscuits, but I even ate my kids portion, as they were this good.
4	I am comparing this with the hash house in imperial palace...exterior is really cute and my group was seated promptly. Staff was really courteous and friendly. We ordered: Watermelon kiwi lemonade: this really failed for me. The watermelon kiwi combo was weird to begin with and it went downhill with the lemonade. Orange juice: definitely fresh and quite delicious!Chicken and waffles: soft waffle, delicious chicken. Definite recommend along with a side of chipotle cream sauce. Farm scramble with sun dried tomato and goat cheese: yum, but sun dried tomato was a bit overpowering. Biscuit is nice and buttery. Mashed potatoes were amazing! Very buttery, just the right consistency of chunky to smooth...get this over the bland crispy potatoes. Cobb salad: gigantic and yum! chicken was dry and oddly sweet, but they sure didn't skimp on the blue cheese and bacon!Fruit side: small and plain. Not worth it. I actually felt that I liked the one at imperial palace more, but overall still delicious and worth a try!
3	too much food. every time.what starts as delicious inevitably becomes nothing more but a mess on the plate of gross starchy eggy mess.why won't you let me put poached eggs on the fried chicken benedict?? i know you can do it! there are poached eggs elsewhere on the menu!
2	Even though the portions are huge they have no real seasoning on anything. The staff seems mostly comprised of the hip LA varietal that just fell into waiting after acting didn't quite work out. Meaning they all got the quirky in your face border line shut the hell up Im hung over and just want to order kind of jokes. Meh place is more for show than go. If your visiting try it at least once. The Sahara one did have 20oz Stone Pal Ale drafts for $4 so that's cool.
5	Both of our breakfast meals were delicious and unique!!! Best place for breakfast in Vegas. Portions are for 2-3 people if you wanted to share. Definitely worth any wait- you can put your name in then go have a drink or play a few hands of poker downstairs.
5	first and foremost...i love this place! great for hang over since they serve a great amount of food for a good price. i come here every time i'm in the area.
4	Best breakfast in Vegas!!! The only reason for four stars (not five)  - you have to wait quite a while, but the food is absolutely delicious. I like this location more than one at Imperial Palace, less noisy and it has more light, other one feels like a bunker because it has no windows.
5	Top three- chix n waffles, pork tenderloin Benedict and Pabst in a brown bag! Second time here and food portions huge, service good and prices decent for the amount and quality.
4	My family ate here yesterday and we really enjoyed our experience.  We decided we wanted to venture off the strip.  This location is in a more residential spot. It's easy to see that the majority of people here are locals as opposed to tourists.  Nice ambiance.  Good service. I had the sage chicken, eggs, bacon, mashed potatoes and biscuit dish.  Very good.  My father had the pancakes with apples.  You get ONE very large pancake that is literally the size of a medium pizza. He said it was really good. My niece got the salmon hash. She liked it.  My mother and nephew got the sausage gravy biscuits and they loved it.  The portions are insanely large. But since I like leftovers that part didn't bother me.  The sage chicken was tender and very well seasoned. Loved it!
4	We came here the seconf weekend of December, for the time we did not have to wait over an hour for a table. Of course, it help that we came right before they closed.I had the waffles and Fried chicken, the portion was extremly large and it was delicious!  Waffle was crunchy and the fried chicken was juicy tasty; not greasy, which go well with their fried leeks  and compliment the overall task.   I have been searching for the best waffles and fried chicken and I have to say Hash House A Go Go is one of my top three.
3	Rate a 5 for decor Rate 4 for serviceRate a 2 for food taste but a 5 for presentation ( love the fresh rosemary sprig)My husband had the meatloaf sandwich and I had the Coconut-mango flap jack (which is as big as a hubcap).   Bother were oddly bland.   The meatloaf needed seasoning, the brioche should have been toasted more.   The flapjack was bland, except for the chunks of mango which were nice, the coconut was also bland- should have been toasted and more of it.  The pecan maple syrup was tastyThe food may actually be better then a 2 but after the fabulous decor, very good service and excellent presentation-  our food was a real let down
3	Good breakfast place. Large portions, creative menu (including kids menu) and decent food. Best thing I had was the biscuits and some fabulous apricot spread they just sit on the tables (be sure to try it). Prices are a little high and the service was a little slow and inconsistent (never brought us any butter for those yummy biscuits and no extra napkins after we asked for them 3 times). If you go on a weekend, go early. We got right in at 10 am but by the time we left there was a long, long wait.
4	I had the corned beef hash today.  It was okay.  Not that excited about having cheese in the hash, but it was okay.   Also not that excited about eating out of a iron pan.  You scratch the bottom with the your fork and you get that rusty metalic type flavor on the fork.  Would prefer this on a plate next time.Mom had the french toast which was outstanding. She doesn't eat a lot, so you know I have to help.  They grill banana halves with the skin on and you eat it like your carving out a canoe.  That banana was the bomb.
5	Just can't get enough of this place! Whether it's their Corned Beef Hash, Sage Chicken & waffles or the Kokomo sandwich (btw which is my favorite), this place is one the few places in Vegas that will hit you with a massive food coma at 8 in the morning!
3	First place/meal I've eaten outside of California, and I'm impressed.*They do not seat you until your entire party has arrived*As I waited for the last person of our "party" to arrive, I noticed all of the celebrities that have eaten here. Thumbs up for Neil Patrick Harris eating here!I saw the incredibly large portions of food they serve, so I decided to share something with my sister.We ordered "Sage Fried Chicken" - stacked with our famous bacon waffle, hot maple caramel reduction and crowned with fried leeks for $16.95. I wasn't a fan of the leeks, but those waffles were pretty good. The large portions were what impressed me.If you're planning on sharing an order, they'll charge you $2.50 for one person not ordering, so they recommend you just get a side of toast or some fries so that way you're not charged for no reason at all.The waitress was incredibly nice, she made everyone feel comfortable.I do enjoy my chicken and waffles, but I think I'll stay in California for my Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles next time.
2	For the price I wasn't satisfied, I waited an hour to try hash house a go go on mothers day and other than their twisted farm food gimmick the food wasn't impressive. I prefer sunrise cafe or egg works for breakfast. It's worth a try at least for the experience but only for the entertainment and not the food.
4	The food was great! Huge portions. I will be a regular here!
3	Waited an exceptionally long time to get seated for brunch, probably around an hour and a half to two hours.  After we got seated the waiter was very friendly, but seemed busy.  I ordered the HH "Famous" Meatloaf hash, it was pretty bleh.  The hash tasted bland, the biscuit tasted bland and had an uncooked flour taste.  I also ordered the Kiwi watermelon lemonade, it tasted very out of season.  The kiwi was sour the watermelon wasn't sweet at all, I guess it was refreshing in the way of lemon in water but I don't think it was worth the price.  It wasn't all bad though, my girlfriend got the Sage Chicken that was pretty tasty and large portions, and the food tasted pretty fresh.  Was it worth the wait? I don't think so. Maybe I'd try something different if it was less busy.
4	Service was Awesome!!  Clean bathrooms. Gourmet breakfast on a budget.  Food was tasty and pretty.  Chicken and waffles were enough for 3 people.
5	I want to start out my restaurant reviews - with my #1 pick to eat at in the Las Vegas Valley. The would be the Hash House a Go Go. The Hash House is located at four locations in the Las Vegas Valley. The first is at 6800 West Sahara Blvd. just East of Rainbow Blvd. The second is in the Imperial Palace Hotel & Casino located at 3535 Las Vegas Blvd S. The third location is in the M Resort and Casino located at 12300 Las Vegas Blvd. S in Henderson. And the newest is at the Plaza Hotel and Casino at the end of Fremont Street in downtown Las Vegas. They have a great menu for breakfast, lunch & dinner. Come dine for breakfast on a 'Roasted Chicken, garlic, onion, asparagus and Rosemary' Hash for only $12.95.Or dine on one of their famous one pound burgers like the 'Apple Smoked Bacon and Mashed Potato' burger also for only $12.95. No need for side dishes with this one, even though it comes with a ton of fries. (Prices are subject to change) How about for dinner you try one of their 'Sage Fried Chicken Linguine'. All of their food is great to eat and easy on the wallet.They say that they serve "Twisted Farm Food". I'm not sure if I would call it twisted, but it is some of the best I have had. Not only is the food some of the best, I have to say that the servers are some of the best as well. My beverage was never empty and when they asked if I needed something more I never felt as if I were being pressured. They truly wanted to help me. Even if they were just pretending, I could not see it. So, if you are looking for something unique and great tasting, get on down to one of the three locations of the Hash House a Go Go.
5	Well. Where can I start? First let's go with the name of this place. Hash House A Go Go. Just brilliant alliteration. Sounds fun and tasty, but this isn't some regular breakfast type diner. It's a full scale restaurant with clean decor and a wonderful vibe inside. However, be careful what you order because the servings are HUGE! I mean, if you eat a whole plate by yourself you might just turn into a bad after school special and find yourself praying to the porcelain god kinda huge. Then you will start to feel ashamed for how much yummy you just indulged. So good you might as well just show up with a funnel to manage shoving the food into your face faster kinda good. Now, I can't go there too often because there are enough calories in any dish that I have to chain myself outside a city bus and just keep running for the next month. But if you are looking to have a cheat day or cheat meal, check out Hash House a Go Go. Don't eat the day of or the day before because you will want to try everyone's dishes! Oh Tip: Wear loose fitting clothes and 2+ can share a plate easy. Not the best for a date, but you should definitely bring friends and embrace your inner chunky!!
1	Horrible experience! I don't know if they have some kind work program going on or what. No real rules. Hostess told my party of 4 we can take any high top at the bar then another hostess came and told us we need to get up since they are going to seat the table with a party of 3 since that's the maximum allowed at that table. Also then told us all the high tops are reserved. Story kept changing then we left management sux!!!!!
4	Oh my! I came here for new year's breakfast and this place is amazing in portions. For the amount of things they give you, the price is really good.  BEWARE: one plate is ginormous.Mango-Coconut pancake: The pancake was a little disappointing and too soggy.Coffee: Ok.Tangerine juice: Not bad, but they don't squeeze that stuff, FYI.Fried Green Tomatoes: My first time trying these. Not bad. Balsamic vinegar, chicken, goat cheese, and green tomatoes.Andy Sage's Fried Chicken: The Man vs. Food plate. Yes, it was good. Fried Chicken and Waffles: This is what the waitress recommended. Very good. Too good... No bones in the chicken.Presentation was really nice and there was so much food left!
4	Awesome food and huge portions. Had the chicken and waffles, and thought I was going to explode! I'm still full!
4	Came here for some grub. Got HUGE PORTIONS. Three ladies we ordered the COBB SALAD- was so good, I'm in love. Eggs Benedict - original- was so big and crazy, couldn't tell what it was.It was still good. and Chicken and waffles- looked so crazy big and scary, but didn't scare me, took it down and tore it to pieces. MIMOSAs- grapefruit was delicious, and TRY THE TANGERINE MIMOSA - delicious.  and some fruit. 3 girls with a bill of over 100 bucks is a bit of a problem, but who cares we had a good time and were full!
4	Yummmm...
4	Mmmmm food! This is a great breakfast eatery to visit when you are famished or waking up with the drunk munchies from tying one on the night before. The portions are ginormous and the presentation is pretty extraordinary too. I don't generally like for my food items to be all loved up to each other like they serve it up here but at Hash House, it works. Everything on the plate is served as though it is one item, if that makes any sense. All I know is, this is some delicious grub. Andy's sage fried chicken is so warm, juicy and sage-y. So good. But it's hard to make a decision because the smoked salmon benedict is incredible as well. They offer quesadillas with a sriracha garnish that is a favorite of mine too. I have tried most of the menu items at one time or another and the only thing I would not order again is the pot pie. I didn't like the cracker crust. Just a personal preference. Hash House is not a one trick pony either. The lunch and dinner menus have some great dishes. I haven't sampled as many items as I have on the breakfast menu but I definitely recommend the crispy cornmeal salmon sandwich. The wheat bun and chili mayo really make this sandwich sing. Love it. Besides the pot pie, I also don't like the split plate charge. IMHO it is inappropriate to charge more money for the exact same amount of food just because more people are going to be eating it. I rolled in with a group of four that selected three entrees to share, which would have been more than enough food to feed five people, only to be told that there was something like a $3.00 split plate charge. I'm not sure of the exact amount. And while three bucks isn't that big of deal it still seems unnecessary. Those few cons won't keep from going back though. The food is just too good.
5	OMG our waiter was sooo nice! andd the foood was off the hook!!!! COME here after a night of partyin from the strip! SOOO good to have a nice home cooked meal lol. thats what it feels like. and the portions are HUGEEEE like ginormous! so sharing is caring and it can beeeeeeeee fun.
5	Wow the food here is delicious! The brown sugar banana pancake is amaazzinngg! It was love at first bite! Andy Sages Chicken is also incredible it is so hard to pick from all the amazing choices.  The service was nice, but it took forever to be greeted and to get our drinks. This is definitely a must go to breakfast place in las vegas! The portions are huge make sure you come here famished and ready to eat!
3	The 8 of us arrived a bit before 11 on a Wednesday and there was no wait.  Our server was really personable and helpful, no complaints about the service here.  After hearing how huge the portion sizes are we all opted to share plates.  There is a split plate charge, but if each person sharing orders some sort of plate or side the charge is waived.  So, 3 of us shared a chicken & waffles and the pork benedict, to prevent the charge we ordered a side of bacon.  The rest of the table ordered the chicken benedict, a scramble, sausage and a waffle.  The food was okay, the portion sizes really were gigantic.  I wish the benedicts had a poached egg on them instead of the small amount of scrambled eggs.  The waffles had big bacon pieces sticking out of them, that was a nice touch.  Unfortunately a lot of us found ourselves running to the bathroom multiple times later that day.  So if you end up coming here, perhaps you should consider ordering something that isn't super greasy and fried...
2	The was tasty which is the only reason I gave it 2 stars.  Although it was tasty it was also very greasy.Be warned the world famous Bloody Mary's are horrible.  When we were able to actually find our waitress she told us yea they are very spicy like that and left.  When we finally got a hold of her 5 minutes later we asked if we could order something else because the amount of horseradish in there made it undrinkable.  She said she'll bring us some more tomato juice which never happened.Service here was non exsistant.  Our waitress introduced herself at the beginning and took off for 20 minutes.  When we finally saw her again she was on the phone and gave us the "give me a minute finger".
5	Completely unbelievable amounts of food.  Was more than happy with portions and was well worth the price. Ordered the sage chicken that everyone speaks so highly of, and was not disappointed.  The music was a little loud and club-y for it being breakfast time.  But I guess you can't be surprised at such a hip place located in Vegas. Next time I definitely plan on trying the Bloody Mary's!
4	This place was perfect for brunch. The restaurant is pretty big and clean. Our party of 3 had to wait about 10 minutes to get seated, and we were eating before we even knew it! The portions are HUGE so sharing would be a good option. We ordered the fried chicken & waffle (the best), the eggs Benedict that had bacon and biscuits and a million other things on it (too much, too heavy), and banana cinnamon french toast (yummy but also a huge portion). Our waitress was super friendly and helpful in making our decision and the food came out really quickly.I'd recommend this place over a buffet. Can't go wrong with a place that has tons of celebrity pictures on their wall, and they were even on Man vs. Food!
4	My boyfriend and I were starving and took our cab driver's advice and went here.Don't get me wrong, the food was GOOD but it wasn't anything special. I ordered the Portabello mushroom sandwich with a side of mac and cheese. My boyfriend pound burger stuffed with mashed potato and bacon. He was pretty much in heaven. My meal was probably the best portabello mushroom sandwich I've had.The food came out quick, the staff was incredibly friendly but the look of the place isn't very tasteful. But it's supposed to be that way I suppose. But I left happy and full so that's all that matters!!
4	Menus diff per location I guess. Long line, American food, big portions, and just comfy ok fatty breakfast. Their JAM IS incredible! Only because its not from a packet hahaService is okay but responsive. Didn't hear that the seafood stuff is good, so keep away from the Salmon Benedict...but this place doesn't look like a seafood place anyways.Got the Chorizo Hash (Chorizo, Jalapeno, Cheddar Cheese, Potatoes, Eggs, Biscuit, Peppers & Onions) - it was good. Would I come back again? Sure but I wouldn't insist on having to come here though.Decent place. Located in the Imperial Palace hotel upstairs.
4	I feel like writing a review for Hash House is just ridiculous. Their pictures and reputation precede them. Lemme sum it up: Ginormous portions of amazingly delicious, high calorie (but who cares), decadent food for which your belly and soul will be ever grateful to you. Eat here.
4	I was so bummed that I couldn't order the chicken and waffles I wanted....only because I wasn't feeling well. I didn't want to miss my chance at eating here so, I tagged along anyways. I had the Sticky Hot Granola. It was really good. If, that's your thing. It's not what I would normally order but it was delicious. My hubby got a combo breakfast and really liked his food. My sister Susan has been here several times and always orders a Bacon Waffle. She loves it. I thought it was just ok. My sister Karen didn't really care for this place. She wanted to go down the street to our usual spot The Egg and I. But, she ordered the Chicken and Waffles and said she really didn't like it. But, everyone else loved it. You have to be really prepared to wait or just get there right when they open.
2	Large portions, but very bland. Something so large, you would expect it to be tasty. Far from it. I had the chicken and waffles which was a Man vs Food recommendation from Adam Richman.  Lucky it was on special. It was huge, but the chicken had no flavor. Waffles were fair. Good service, but it's only eye presentation here. Large portions, but very bland fried chicken. Fried green tomatoes was a nice highlight as the starter.  Very few customers at 5pm on a friday night.
3	So everyone has been here.  I guess you can say I'm a late bloomer? It's taken me a few years to finally have breakfast here.  I originally herd that this place has huge portions, a twist on traditional breakfasts and yes... It was.  I ordered the Chicken and Waffles and I loved the waffles.  They were so fluffy and they were loaded with bacon inside the waffle.  Delish!  The chicken though, sucked!  It had no taste to it.  It was moist, but it was just bland.  I was dissapointed.
4	This place believes in the adage...more is more! No matter what you order...it is piled up a mile high. The key here is to share! Share or founder yourself trying. They charge a $2.50 fee to share....unless you are very clever...and yup, I am . Order a side of bacon, or any side really, then there is no charge. The plates of hash, piled high, are enormous.  The presentation is stunning.  They serve beautiful, fat biscuits,  fresh from the oven. These are best eaten with the peach and pear compote that they make fresh every day. The atmosphere here is lively,  Great for large partys.  Keep in mind, this place gets packed like sardines...but well fed sardines.
5	I really loved this place.  It was a bit of a wait to be seated but well worth it.  I ordered Banana walnut French Toast which was just heaven cooked to perfection.  So much food I only was able to eat the center out of my french toast and barley touched my eggs and sausage.  Just so much good food.  My partner got Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict.  I don't know how they could pile anymore wonderful food on the plate nor do I understand how the tower of food could stay up without tipping over. Wonderful flavor, crispy chicken, eggs perfect, what more could you ask for!
5	Looking at the menu I thought I died and went to foodie heaven. I got the fried chicken benedict which was delicious and had so much flavor. The portions are huge, and I tried my hardest to eat all of it. My friends and I also shared pancakes that were on special. The pancakes were so good that even though we were all full, we finished every single bite. I wish I remembered which pancakes, but I am sure they are all great.
3	I've been here twice.  After going the first time I never wanted to return.  Quesadilla with mashed potatoes and egg? I think not. I was disgusted the whole rest of the MONTH!!! And this wasn't even my plate.  I ordered a BLT which was good and all, but way too much lettuce.  The coffee wasn't that great either.  I just didn't like the overall feel of the place either.  It wasn't cozy and I don't remember the service if it was good or bad, so I'm just going to say it wasn't remarkable (being that I can't remember)I chose to go here a second time only because my friend LOVES this place and wanted to meet up for breakfast.  I agreed because I'm not one to argue.  I don't remember what she ordered but it looked okay.  I think it was a massive omelet with avocado.  I ordered a pancake :) Yes just a pancake because after my first experience I didn't trust any of the other weird creations on the menu.  To my surprise the massive pancake tasted just fine, but honestly how do you screw up a pancake.  I was pleasantly surprised my second time so I may consider going again IF it's not my choice.   On a side note I took my family to M Resort because I thought they had a coffee shop, and to my disappointment their "coffee shop" was Hash house a go go...I left the resort without even eating and going elsewhere! (this was after my first experience)
5	Recommended by a friend and it did not disappoint.  We went there for breakfast.  The portions are sizeable (I had the French Toast and had trouble finishing the meal).  They serve a mean Bloody Mary.  You will have to drive to get there; by car it is a good 20 minute car drive from the strip.  But well worth the journey.
5	I never heard about this place, but I am so glad that my family knew about it.I had the Chicken and waffles, and let me tell you, these portions freaking huge! 2 fat pieces of fried chicken sitting on top of 4 tasty waffles. So, so good. If you have a chance, go here now.so moist,... so tender.
4	O.M.G. portions were huge!!! Felt like I was eating in a buffet since the size of my plates were doubled. It was definitely a great experience and well worth your money. I ordered a sandwich with some seasoned potatoes and veggies. That thing was so big that I had to cut it into fourths. My friend also ordered a burger that she couldn't even scarf it down because it was that big. Overall, a great place to visit if you're hungry for some good appetite. Just remember that there will be leftovers on your way out.
5	Zero Complaints!Believe all the hype!Delicious food. Gigantic portions. Definitely a place for sharing. The quality of their food and drinks alone make this place worth checking out. Everything is fresh and made on location. All of their juices and even their chorizo is made on location! And it shows in the quality of their food. Definitely cannot wait to go back.
5	We went to this eating place on the recommendation of a friend.  The portions are HUGE and very tasty.  It is like country cooking in the city - great biscuits, mashed potatoes, chicken and meatloaf.  We didn't have a chance to eat breakfast, but we will definitely go back the next time we are in town.
5	MOTHER. OF. GOD. THE PORTIONS HERE ARE FREAKING MONSTROUS. The prices here are very fair for the amount of food you're getting. The food itself is a three to four stars at most. But be prepared to get full and have a whole bunch of extra food to take bring back to your jealous siblings. Although the food is three-four stars, what really makes this place a five star is the staff. Immediately as I walked in with my brother, and friend we were greeted with a genuine good afternoon. The staff is very lively, bright, and great. Their customer service was unbelievable, one of the best I had ever seen. The table next to us were a couple of kids complaining about their waffle, one of the girls said it tasted funny and would like the waffle to be free. Without any hesitation the waiter immediately offered her new waffle and for it to . Now that's some good customer service right there. The waiter that served us was also no exception. From the time that we ordered he was very polite and humble. We had trouble deciding what drinks we wanted to get and he gave his own personal opinion on which tasted better. And every time we needed a refill he was very prompt about refilling. The ambiance of the place is very chill, and the parking was very easy. If I had the time to sit down and eat I would go back to this place for sure.
4	The portions here are mind blowing !! the food was delicious !! only thing that disappointed me was that i kinda wish that i knew that their portions were so big... i would of shared my dish with someone.. instead we left with 3/4 of our dish!! but hey, the prices that they ask for on these entrees is definitely very inexpensive. Surprisingly when we went there was no wait at all, from what i remember the service was pretty good. we left with a full stomach and a better strategy the next time we return to vegas !!
4	HUGE portions here!!I think our leftovers lasted us into the next couple days.Will be coming back with a lot more people to try all of the "twisted farm food" they have to offer.The kiwi-watermelon lemonade is very refreshing and goes well with the heavy food that they serve here.service and quality was pretty decent, no complaints.
4	Eat It OR Beat It?**EAT IT!!**If you're looking to grub on LOTS of food, come here! The quality is slightly above average but with the amount of food and reasonable prices, you can't complain! Just remember... come here if and when you have an appetite or else you will end up bringing home a ton of food! CONCLUSION:EAT IT!!!! all of it! mmmmmm!
2	I went on a Friday with some friends from out of town and our dining experience was lackluster.  The service was good and our waiter checked on us multiple times, but the prices were a little high and the food was only so-do.  Maybe the weekday cooks are different from the Saturday/Sunday brunch ones?  We ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Salad, Hammered Pork Tenderloin, and Chicken Benedict upon the suggestion of the waiter.  Sage Fried Chicken Salad -  salad dressing tasted rancid and the chicken was dry.Hammered Pork Tenderloin - moist pork but overly sweet sauce.  Chicken Benedict - moist chicken and good sauce.  Best of the bunch.  We should've dined elsewhere instead of wasting my friends' meal in Vegas at Hash House A Go Go.  I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon because there is better food to be had elsewhere.
5	happen to be in Vegas and not in the mood for buffet?? Hit this place up! Food is amazing and portions are huge!! U can def share one plate w/ 2 people. Service is amazing and servers are super friendly. The line was  long but surprisingly the wait was not too bad. They have a nice little area for you to chill in while you wait. The menu is great /w tons of breakfast options (although they do have lunch as well). I ordered the benedicts which came w/ a chipotle hollandaise AMAZING! The eggs were placed over a freshly baked biscuit which in its self was bomb. They make their own jam and to tell u the truth, i could have just ordered the biscuit and jam and i would have still given them 5 stars! Try the watermelon kiwi lemon aid  which is a tri colored fruity drink with a big watermelon wedge. They do have an outdoor dining patio which looked really nice . I recommend this spot for breakfast. Prices are good as well if you are on a budget. Stray from the strip and check this spot out!
5	better than a buffet? i think so! if you are ever in vegas you have to stop by here and try their chicken sage egg benedit. it was on man vs. food and i can finish a whole plate by myself! haha it was pretty delciious if i must say so myself.
5	On my monthly vegas trip one of our friends bugged us the whole trip that we had to go to hash house and we finally decided to head over.A quick drive from the strip and we arrive to a packed house (outdoors was crowded as well and this was late December)After an amazing bloody mary at the bar we were seated maybe 15-20 minute wait not bad and all the people working were extremely nice and helpful.I shared the chorizo hash with someone; this was due to the fact that we saw the portion sizes and i will say they are generous..The food was beyond amazing, tasty, cooked just right and damn Im sorry I shared.Someone else ordered the pancakes and I must say "there as big as your head spider" Goodfellas quote...and again taste really amazing..Service is good and the food comes out pretty quickly, the coffee was great, the bloody marys were great..I will definitely be back
5	Food is definitely 5-star comfort food.  I have been here 3 times and ordered the same veggie hash item each time. It is too good to order something else, but each time I wait for my food to be delivered, I see awesome dishes going elsewhere that are great temptations.  Sooner or later, I will expand my menu horizon.  Service is 4-star.  Always friendly, never pushy, but once very slow.  All in all, however, I highly recommend hash house.  Tips: On Sunday mornings, get there before 9am to beat the crowd.  If only two of you are dining, consider splitting one enter and ordering a side dish.  Plates are big enough for two, and by adding a side dish, you get around the charge for sharing plates.
5	Love this place!  Their portions are enormous and extremely delicious! Their hashes are incredible and pancakes are so buttery, soft and tasty!  All dishes (with the exception of their griddle selection) come topped with a fresh spring of rosemary ... yum!  Bloody Mary's are to die for.  Even their cold cereals (for kids) are HUGE.  Prices are on the high side and there is a splitting charge with a strict "no-substitution" rule.  The wait time tends to be long most of the time, especially on weekend ... But don't let that stop you!  It's all well worth it!  I've enjoyed my visits here so much that I've shared this place with friends and family!  It's a definite must when in Las Vegas - for me and everyone I've sent here!
5	I have been here twice, once for brunch and once for dinner. Both times it was an amazing dinning experience! I love the ambiance and the food, well that needs to speak for itself! The mashed potato stuffed burgers are to die for. the Sage Chicken ( Chicken and Waffles) was the best C&W I have had! The wait can be a long, but plan your trip right and you wot be let down! I can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat here!
5	This place is by far the best place for breakfast that I have ever come across. I haven't had the pleasure to try anything but breakfast but I will.They have the best biscuits and gravy I've had in a long time and I look forward to trying new things to eat, Hash House A Go Go is the best !!!
5	Wake me up before you Go Go because I'm not planning on going solo.Hash House is amazazing. For all you "What Would You Do?" fans, the Hash House served as a backdrop for many of their scenarios. More famously, they are known for being on Man vs. Food. And unless you have an appetite like Adam Richman, I suggest you bring a friend to help you eat the madness that is "Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict." It is to die for! Chipotle cream with peppers, scrambled eggs, griddled mozzarella, fried chicken, bacon, market tomato, spinach, and biscuit on top of griddled potatoes. This is literally the best breakfast I ate in Vegas. If you're a fan of country fried chicken, this is right up your alley. MUST. EAT. NOW. Check out my photos if you need inspiration.
5	The Food, Service and ambiance was wonderful!  I had the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict, a Man vs. Food Favorite and now I know why.  It was huge and it was delicious!!!!! If and when I go back to Las Vegas, I will definitely stop by again!
5	The food is always freshly served and delicious. The smoked salmon, Brie and eggs were really good. Staff is really friendly and are good with recommendations when you're not quite sure what you want to order.   Counter space available if only one two eating in a hurry.  Sahara location is easier access then hotel on the strip.
5	Twisted Farm Food....that's pretty accurateMy only regret is I am not actually a cow, with the four compartment stomach and the ability to ingest 2.5% of my own body weight, which for me would be 4.2 pounds. If you do the math, you can figure out how much I weigh!I couldn't finish my brunch here.  I was defeated by a loaf of meat and mashed potatoes.  I'm actually somewhat glad I didn't attempt the chicken and waffles, because my wife did, and she ate exactly half, so we decided the next time we come here, we would just split one, that way we can both feel accomplished in our eating endeavors.Gargantuan proportions...Just look at those pictures!  The food doesn't come on plates; here, they come on PLATTERS.  Seriously consider whether you should donate a portion of your meal to charity.Sage fried chicken and bacon waffle tower.  It wasn't that architecturally sound, but at least it looked and tasted great.  Bacon baked into the waffles, 2 pieces of crispy and NOT greasy chicken breasts on top of the waffles, with delicate fried leeks strewn about the plate, and a giant sprig of rosemary holding it all together.  Usually comes drizzled with syrup, but we asked for it on the side and they were happy to do that. HH meatloaf with mashed potatoes.  Pretty much like normal meatloaf, but crispier and meatier(not meteor).  You know how meatloaf usually comes with either gravy or ketchup on top?  Hash house does it with BBQ sauce!  They are seriously changing the meatloaf game...The dish also came with the biggest biscuit I have ever seen in my life.  It was about 4 and a half fingerbreadths tall and about 7 inches around, and perfectly "biscuit-y".  You know what I mean?  A good balance of flakiness with fluffiness cut with a pinch of butteriness and saltiness, all in equal proportions.  I kind of love biscuits.I had a bloody mary to accompany my mini smorgasborg of a healthy brunch.  It was well made, as far as bloody marys go, and came with a garnish of a petite dill pickle and 2 jalapeno stuffed olives.Props - Great food, tip-top service, good bloody maryNegative props - SERIOUS FOOD COMA.We'd planned to partake in all manner of adventure after brunch, but Hash House decided to ruin our plans by knocking us out with the force of a cast iron pan a la Tom & Jerry for about 4 hours.  We woke up and the sun was gone.  Does that properly demonstrate the power of Hash House a Go Go?
4	Hash House A Go Go was another restaurant my sister really liked, but she had tried the one in San Diego.  Being buffeted out, we wanted to grab breakfast somewhere different, the mister and I decided to try Hash House A Go Go.  They have several locations in Vegas, but we decided on the one on Sahara since it got the better reviews.  This location is a few miles away from the strip, but the place was packed on Sunday at 9:30A with both locals and Californians.  Must be a good sign.  Our party was 4 + a baby, so 5 in total.  They said that it would take about 20-25 minutes and I was prepared to wait, but the mister was antsy and wasn't really feeling the wait.  He was set to leave, when low and behold, they called our name.  That was only about 10 minutes.  It was our lucky day!  The food gods wanted us to try the joint.  We were seated at the booth, which fit the carseat w/ my baby, me, and the mister on one side and the in-laws on the other side.  Looking over the menu, there were some very interesting selections.  Although I knew I should try the hash since it is part of their name, I went with the Snickers Flapjacks...I've never seen that as a pancake choice before.  The mister ended up getting the chicken hash w/ asparagus and the in-laws shared the salmon hash.  I order my mister the watermelon kiwi lemonade.  According to the waitress, it was the most popular non-alcoholic drink.  Our food arrived pretty quickly and our waitress was friendly and checked on us frequently.  My flapjack was HUGE!  It was very yummy.  The Snickers were melted throughout the pancake, it was better than a chocolate chip pancake and it wasn't too sweet either.  My mister's chicken hash tasted very fresh....much better tasting than the hash at Hash at the Hotel Erwin in Venice.  The salmon hash was pretty good too.  Even the watermelon kiwi lemonade was awesome.  The drink is in three layers...top layer is the kiwi, middle is the lemonade, and the bottom is the watermelon.  Very creative and so refreshing!I was impressed with Hash House A Go Go.  Yes, I am a fan!
1	WIll not be returning for dinner. Took my daughter and mother to Hash House for dinner the other night and nothing went right. I have eaten there for breakfast at the Imperial Palace location and had much better food and service. Service was extremely slow, and we hardly saw our server the entire night . The evening started out with them forgetting the margarita I ordered even though the waiter asked me what flavor I wanted. By the time he came back to the table for me to ask him about it dinner was half way over. The shrimp appetizer arrived with no plates to eat it with, and the cornmeal breading fell off before you could eat it. The steaks my mother and I ordered were very over cooked and dry. Not only that but the food was only lukewarm almost cold by the time it arrived. They offered us two free desserts for the well cooked steaks and even the desserts were not very good. I've had better desserts at a fast food restaurant. We were a party of eight and all of us went home with shall we say buyers remorse. Breakfast my be a different story, but we will not be returning for dinner ever again.
4	Ahh, you have no idea. I've wanted to come here for so long, and the time finally arrived! I love brunch. I especially love BIG brunch. I hated myself a little after finishing my delicious scramble at Hash House AGG because my belly couldn't stretch enough to down the whole thing. Or any of the biscuit. Or the fruit. Or all the potatoes.Good news: leftovers!Hostesses were so-so. Waiter was very friendly. Nothing super exciting about the decor. But who cares, my face was buried under too much egg and cheese to notice anything else.
3	That crazy ass watermelon drink.Thats why i ventured out to here. The drink was on point and was a great way to start drinking at 10 in the morning :)Chicken and waffles were delicious.Word of advice: don't order the Salmon. It stinks to high heaven (smoked, yet fully cooked :( ) - you will lose friends.
4	Health nuts need not apply.  I had the friend chicken and waffles and it was pretty good.  My wife had a stuffed burger (which was HUGE) and it was delicious.  Our friend also had a stuffed burger (with mashed potatoes) and it looked delicious.  Even the kids portions were HUGE.  I can't wait to go back and try the BBBLT (I think it's all the bacon that you can get from one pig) which looks amazing.The only downside was the hour long wait on a sunday morning to get a table, which might have actually worked in our favor since the portions are enormous.
5	Get the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict! Soooo good! I don't like veggies so I get mine without the spinach or tomatoes and with extra chipotle sauce on the side. This place has tons of other stuff I'd love to try but every time I come I end up getting Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict! Try it when if you're in town not too far from the Strip.
4	Breakfast is a beast. Bananas Foster Pancake is AMAZING! Service was only so-so. Not impressed with their sevice, but as for the food? Way Good. Glad I went.
4	FOOD: Andy Sage's Fried Chicken Benedict. This one was a monster. Holy crap this was a huge order. But it was definitely delicious. It was like two giant egss benedicts with a healthy pice of chicken breast on each one laying on a bed of mashed potatoes. I recommend sharing.PRICE: Around $12-$15 range.AMBIANCE: Very relaxed, casual, modern.CUSTOMER SERVICE: Excellent!!!!
5	Close enough to make it five stars.  Oh yeah, Hash House for the WIN.Place gets packed and there could be a wait, but there wasn't a long one on a Sunday morning for my party of five.  Seated outside and not exactly ideal when you have a hangover and the sun is not your best friend.  Luckily, there are giant umbrellas that save your eyes.HUGE portions.  HUGE.  Two people can split a meal and be full, trust me.  I literally touched half of my meal (Andy's Sage Fried Chicken with bacon, eggs, and a biscuit) and was full beyond belief.This place is spot on with their presentation.  Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade garnished with a slice of watermelon.  Burgers topped off with a stick of tarragon to keep the burger together instead of a toothpick.  Lots of fancy food decor.  The meals here look so appealing and appetizing.Pancakes are HUGE.  Burgers are HUGE.  Everything is in super large portions so make sure to come hungry and leave full.  You really get your money's worth.Lots of celebrities grace their presence at Hash House so it's nice to eat here at the original location if you're into that tourist sort of thing.
4	Good value for the money. Serving sizes are good for two people so come hungry. The tenderloin was especially good. Make sure to order extra buns!
5	super busy! get in line about 30-45 minutes before you want to eat then head down stairs to gamble! plenty of $5 tables :]i ordered something that had mushrooms, spinach, red peppers, and eggs. it was delicious! my friend order something with salmon and he loved that. THE PORTIONS ARE HUGE!! my friend's salmon plate could have fed 3 petite girls. my plate fed 2 well.when paying, be clear if you're splitting the bill into cash and check. we had a little miscommunication so that was a bit unfortunate.recommendation? YES! decently priced huge portions!
4	I love this place!!!! My favorite item is the salmon pesto and brie scramble. It comes with the biggest biscuit ever. Huge portions. I also like the fresh jams on the table. Service is always very quick. Be prepared to wait for a table if you go in peak meal times.
2	Didn't live up to any hype. I think we had good service here, but that was where it ended. There was a long wait and people were packed in everywhere. The location, inside the Imperial Palace, was, well, icky. Even though we had a booth during the meal, I felt like the restaurant was grossly overcrowded, loud, and full of unruly kids. I split the Sage Fried Chicken and waffles with my date. I'll admit that neither of us are chicken or waffle fans, but we were really, really hoping to be converted. And that just didn't happen. We got a HUGE plate of food and, between the two of us, did not manage to finish it. The chicken was dry and overseasoned and the waffle was VERY dry and the bacon it contained was overcooked. Time to drench the whole thing in syrup, right? Ehhh. Wrong. The syrup was of pretty poor quality and didn't do much. Pluses: the biscuits were amazing and our server was sweet and quick with refills. I won't be back here if I revisit Vegas.
4	Holy crap this was a wonderful experience!!!  Had a great time - lots of things to look at and the portions are HUGE!!!  I also love the straws .. wish I could have gotten a few more of them to take home!  I will be back!
5	Yes it does live up to the hype!   This place is awesome, interesting menu, great food and fun atmosphere.1) yes it's crowded... 30 min wait on a Sat morning but as luck would have it two seats at the bar opened up and we ran to claim them2) hard working bartenders, they perform an art here, the drinks are unique, like a s'mores hot chocolate, this appears to be a specialty, marshmallow fluff is scooped in then torched and topped off with graham crackers and that's just one of the yummy items we watched them make... These people hustle they were non stop the whole time we were there3) the food!!  Omg where to start, huge portions and once again delicious and different.  The French toast is unreal, banana batter dipped bread topped with candied pecans and syrup, unreal.  Their signature chicken and waffles, so fabulous, crisp lightly battered chicken on a mountain of waffles with bacon inside! This became breakfast and dinner for me.This is such a great gem, so glad we made it to try it out.
4	Breakfast all the time whats not to love? This place rocked and lived up to the hype.  The food was large, eclectic and tasty.. the service was great... I have to give huge props to our server Fonda.... she was outstanding....  The food..  First realize that the portions are huge...  I could not finnish a whole order of Chicken and Waffles...  but the Chicken was great..  The addition of the fried leaks gave this dish a savory component that is lacking at other places...  I've eaten at Roscoe's in LA ( the mecca of Chicken of Waffles) and the Hash House version has nothing to be ashamed of.  My other friends had a Meatloaf sandwich and a Bacon, Cheese and mashed potato burger and they all were huge and yummy looking...The service was really good. Admittedly we were there at off peak ours but...  They took really good care of us. Nobody left the Hash House hungry... the food was a fun take on breakfast classics and the service was down home friendly...
3	We went here for dinner Thanksgiving Day with a party of 12. Our waitress was really nice and super accommodating. I got chicken and waffles. Pretty yummy. Portions are epic here. No one was able to finish their dish. You definitely get your money's worth.
5	Awesome! One of my favorite breakfast and lunch restaurants ever! Huge portions and great food. Burgers, chicken, and breakfast hash plates are my fav. This place is certainly worth checking out while in Vegas.
4	Breakfast all the time!  A Midwest staple This place rocked and lived up to the hype.  The food was large, eclectic and tasty.. the service was great...depsite being very crowded and a popular place/The food..  First realize that the portions are redonkulously large...  I could not finish a whole order of Biscuits and Gravy...  possibly made a mistake ordering french fries on top of potatoes that came with my oder - but our server said we did a "great" job and came closer than most to finishing our dishes.My friend had a burger with hardwood smoked bacon, avocado and cheddar cheese.. the burger was huge and yummy looking...I snuck a bite....Nobody left the Hash House hungry...in fact, just as some of the reviews have said, we needed a nap after.... the food was a fun take on breakfast classics and the service was down home friendly...and the atmosphere was pleasant and the decor was Midwest modern and relaxing for the middle of the desert.
5	The portions were huge. My husband had the chicken and waffles. The chicken could have had more seasoning. I have the chorizo hash which could have been better if they turned down the flavor (too salty). The drinks (I had the orange crush; my husband had the blt bloody marry) was on point and we floated around for the rest of the day. We will be back when we come to Vegas!!
5	Crazy large portions!  That's all you need to know.  Yummmm....!!
5	Yummy! If you are going for breakfast get there early like opening time early or else you will have to wait. But the portions are so big that waiting helps the hunger which helps you eat more of your dish. I've tried the brown sugar banana pancake and it was the biggest prettiest pancake i've ever seen. I love that they have tangerine juice. My mom tried Andy's sage fried chicken and it was awesome! I have also tried their bacon waffle and i'm a fan. There are so many good items on the menu, so if it looks good try it. I recommend the kiwi watermelon lemonade!
3	I like this place. Bathrooms are dirty. I ask for Coke and a water just got Coke. Waitress just walks by the empty glass like I can refill it.
3	Ordered the corned beef hash and it was pretty average. The amount was generous, but the biscuit was too hard and I would prefer the potatoes to be cut into smaller pieces. Other than that, the eggs, fruit, and corned beef were delicious. The staff, with the exception of one hostess, were very friendly and attentive. Arrived around 11am on saturday and had to wait approx 45 mins. Popular place. They also have several smaller locations located in some hotels. Oh yea, they only have tabasco so if you prefer another hot sauce bring your own.
5	I can't believe this place doesn't exist is the south or the mid-west.  BEST food portion and presentation you'll find.  Their pancakes are larger than an extra large pizza.  The chicken and waffles towers over you sitting down.  The juices are all fresh squeezed.  Farm food with a twist.  LOVE this place.  (Just don't go if you're on a diet).
5	Took my boyfriend here for his birthday breakfast and I was not disappointed.  Although they were busy, we were seated within 10 minutes.  The waiter promptly came over and took our drink orders and I ordered the kiwi watermelon lemonade, I didn't want to drink it because it was so beautiful.  I have never felt that way about anything to drink!  When the food arrived the portions were huge.  My boyfriend had the pancake and I had the bacon waffle.  My bacon waffle was delicioso!  I was able to eat on it for 3 days.  I can't wait to go back and try something different.
5	one of my top 3 favorite restaurants in las vegas. the chicken pot pie was HUGE!
3	Her corn beef hash (house made) was a big disappointment.  It wasn't hash at all-strips of pulled beef with quartered potatoes, onion and green pepper.The reason to eat here was my Andy's sage fried chicken.  A tower topped by a sprig of local rosemary, it had something different with every bite.  Ham, fresh spinach, smoked bacon, grilled mozzarella, scrambled eggs, mashed potatoes...all covered in chipotle cream.  Only the unripe hothouse tomato disappointed.Service was unattentive, slow and hairy.  The waiter's beard was long enough that it probably should have been in a hair net.  Although the bus boy's comb-over was very stylish, it would not pass a health department inspection because he had no hair net.We'd return.
2	Didn't live up to the hype of my foggy memories from my last visit.  It was late-night, but the restaurant wasn't busy and this time I was sober and unfortunately recommended it to my group.  Our server was neither good at her job nor friendly.  I had to get up and get ketchup from another table myself just to enjoy my bland breakfast potatoes.  I got a scramble with sundried tomatoes, basil and goat cheese and the eggs weren't tasty and there wasn't enough of the compliments to compensate.  They served me a huge biscuit with my meal, but there was no honey, jam or jelly to be found and I even overheard another customer asking for SOMETHING to go with his biscuit and there was just nothing.  The server made no effort to serve the right food or drinks to the person who ordered, just handed it to us and walked off and then we sorted it out, of course the bills were also a mess.  I won't return on my next visit.
4	This place is great. Generally when I come here it's with at least 2 people. The prices are a little bit pricey for breakfast. I combat this by trying to find something we can both enjoy and split the meal! It's worked out quite well and it saves some money!! Great breakfast joint.
4	After getting a recommendation from the concierge my friends and I arrived at Hash House. Now admittedly the walk through the hotel to get there was a bit seedy, but it was worth it for the huge portions and great prices.When we arrived around 11am, there was a 30 minute line, which was fine for me since I assume a line means good food. After being seated, I ordered the bacon and mashed potato burger. First off, mashed potato in a burger? Hell yeah America! Secondly, this thing was huge! Weighing in over a pound, I thought it was going to take a bite out of me at one point.I also ordered their classic Bloody Mary. Now I'm a bit persnickety when it comes to my bloody mary's, but this one was perfect and had the right blend of spicy and salty without being too strong.Despite the burlesque name, Hash House a Go Go is a great place and I'll be back soon for more.
5	The best restaurant in Vegas! This place is cheap, flavorful, and full of surprises! Any time of day the menu does not disappoint. Try the french toast or Andy's Sage Chicken Benedict - both are my favorites. Huge portions to take home as well!!! You're gonna love it
4	I kept hearing about this establishment as a great breakfast spot, and didn't want to go to a watered down version of it with locations located throughout various casinos on the strip. So, we opted for the one about 6 miles off the strip. Don't let the drive to it scare ya, as it's lined with a lot of vacant businesses. You will reach the location as it's across a CarMax and it's next to some Vampire themed club (no, I'm not joking).We got here around 8:30am Saturday and the place was pretty vacant. We took the tip from others stating to get here before 10am. Loved the mellow ambiance of the place and the staff was super friendly and got seated with our menus asap. Their menu was no joke and goes way beyond the standard breakfast options. Some things made myself and the hubby go ooo and ahhh, but since we didn't want to try anything too crazy as we were heading to Utah for an long day of being outdoors, we opted for something that would sustain us for a long day ahead. I opted for the original HH benedicts while the hubby got the Tractor Driver combo. We looked around the other tables with the huge portions, so we knew what to expect. Here's the breakdown:Original HH benedict- Crispy hand hammered pork tenderloin w/ market yellow tomato, spinach, bar b' que cream and topped w/ scrambled eggs, --oh, and this in top of a huge biscuit and mashed potatoes!!!! Holy moly, when they brought it out, it was like a diorama of the Red Rock canyon, with a sprig of rosemary as a miniature tree on top of the mountains! I swear, cutting into it was cutting through 5-6 layers of food! One bite and man oh man...so gooooooood!!!! The BBQ cream gave it a different flavor because I'm a hollandaise type of gal, but it worked for this dish! Seriously, 2 people could have split this entree, but I got through about 75% on my own (hey, needed the carbs for the hiking!). Definite try if you're an eggs benedict person like me. As for the Tractor Driver combo, it was a borderline pothole sized pancake with eggs and bacon. The hubby can eat pancakes, but even he only ate about 1/2 of the pancake in order to eat the eggs and bacon as well. Goodness! So yea...the portions here flat out represents why people think people in America are fatties. And if an episode of "Man vs. Food" had to prove how ginormous their portions are...yea, come here with an appetite.I won't lie...I secretly would like to return to try to chicken and waffles breakfast I saw others eating at the place, but again, will have to share that monstrocity with someone because I may get a heart attack if I ate it myself. Prices justify the portions and the taste. Yea, get here early! It's legit
5	Love this place! I go every time I want a monster sized breakfast and every time a friend comes to town. First saw it on Man Vs. Food and had to check it out.I typically get the Griddled French Toast or their Sausage Biscuit and Gravy meal. I LOVE their potatoes and their gravy. The griddled french toast is HUGE! And so good with the homemade butter and their caramelized bananas. Their fresh squeezed mimosas are amazing! I look forward to one of those every time. Friends and family try a variety of food and haven't been disappointed yet.A friend of mine got the giant mocha once. I forgot what their name for it is. It's huge and so good!My only complaint is if you don't get a booth, the square metal tables can be really small for the size all of your plates are.
4	yum yum yum! saw this place on man vs food and got the eggs benidict.came on during sunday lunch only had to wait 30 mins got our mojitos orange juice  waffles and grub on. our server was super friendly and prompt and my bf and i left super full and happy :)
1	I went there at 8pm, they close at 9pm.  There was about 2-3 tables worth of people there.  Their staff didn't greet me when I walked in.  I waited in the seating area for 5 whole minutes without someone welcoming me into the restaurant.  I made sure they were aware I am there, but nobody made the effort to seat me.  My guess is that they don't like late comers.  I thought that was rude.  I ended up eating next door.
5	Kiwi watermelon lemonade was delicious!!I also order the sage chicken n waffles which is NY Times favorite. The waffles were fluffy and moist that also had a strip of bacon inside it. As for the chicken... AMAZING!!I will definitely come back to try their other dishes.
5	I'm writing this review as a tourist, and all I can say is that you Vegas folks are so spoiled with the most amazing restaurants, that you don't even realize it! Hash House is five star all the way. The food, the ambiance, the servers, the drama! And you guys are reviewing it like it's just some other diner! It's been a few months since my visit, and I am really craving this place. This location is off the strip, and caters to the locals. I am sure they also see their share of tourists, that like us, rent cars. If you are vacationing without a car, I am sure there are more convienent locations. My advice if you are eating here? Come very hungry! Bringing a large group will also come in handy so you can try a bunch of stuff. We were a group of 6. This is the kind of place where you end up ordering more from seeing what's coming to other tables, than from the actual menu. First thing to catch my eye was a HUGE mug of hot chocolate! Gotta have it! But will it be good, or is it just razzle dazzle? It was amazing! Next I served myself from a couple of the skillets that arrived at the table. These are one of their specialties, and they were really good. We're talking potatoes, eggs, and then a bunch of different items you could choose to go in there. Honestly, I don't even remember what was in there, because the pancakes came! Once the pancakes came, everything else was history! These were not your ordinary pancakes. These were OMG, eyes rolling to the back of your head, I'll have what she's having, died and gone to heaven pancakes. Hands-down, the best pancakes anywhere, ever in my life. There were sliced bananas and brown sugar cooked into them. The brown sugar was melted and carmelized with the bananas, and it all came together in one ooey gooey heavenly dish. Now under the influence of these pancakes, I was unable to even try anything else on the table. I know one thing; my next Vegas trip...it's straight over to Hash House right from the airport!
4	Yummy!!Portions are humongous and that's an understatement. I ordered the chicken and waffles. It could easily feed 2+ people - comes with 2 pieces of chicken and 4 bacon waffles. I could only finish one waffle and chicken. They have mimosas. That's always a plus.Hot sauce isn't automatically a condiment that comes with the meal which is a boo but they had sriracha when I asked. So all good. Had to ask for extra maple syrup. I'm not a syrup whore but for the amount of food, I had to ask for more syrup. All the people who work there were super chill and nice.
4	This place was really really good!! They aren't kidding you about the portion and that's what I liked best about it. The price is reasonable and the food itself was pretty delicious. I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Penne and though it needed more seasonings, it was HUGE!!!! Our waitress was also very nice and she checked up on us regularly. I will be coming back to Has House A Go Go when I come back to Vegas!!!
2	Massive, Massive amounts of food.This place has way too much food for one person. When ordering here, consider sharing your meal. I had their "famous" rosemary fried chicken and waffles. Even when drunk this was way too much food for me. The chicken was flavorful, a bit over cooked though. Bacon in the waffles were a hit but the main theme for the meal was quite salty. The B.L.T. Bloody Mary had too much Worschester sauce and too much salt. Quite disappointing!Come here for the experience but not for the food.
2	People love this place - I just don't get it.Maybe they used to be great, back in the days before they became a globally recognized hipster breakfast joint. Today, Hash House a Go Go is nothing more than a bad joke, where the punch line is actual line you have to stand to wait for a seat.The first and most glaring problem is the staff - both front of the house and back.The wait staff is clearly more interested in their tips than anything else. This happens quite a lot when a restaurant gets popular - it tends to draw the kind of servers who know that your crappy little tip will have no effect on their daily take, so they focus on turnover instead of quality. They don't care if you are unhappy with anything, just eat and get out so they can get someone else at your table. Management loves these kinds of servers, because they increase the bottom line. The kitchen staff is even worse. My HH Original Benedict was drowning in red pepper sauce - I mean DROWNING. Just touching it with a fork caused a tsunami that almost crashed over the edge of the plate. I liked the sauce, but it became the only thing you could taste. The biscuit was just terrible, it was so heavy it was indistinguishable from the potatoes it rested on and together they tasted like paste. Now if this is on purpose (some sort of take on their 'going to extremes' theme) then the chef who created this monstrosity is an idiot. If it was an accident and they let it leave the kitchen looking like this, then it's obvious that no one cares about quality anymore.The second problem has to be management - it's apparent that profit is the only thing that matters.Congratulations on your short-lived success Hash House - it's a shame you let it go to your head. It won't be long before your greed will eat you alive.
5	Great food lots of portion!
1	We went there because the Weekly magazine listed this place as a must go to place for breakfast. We ordered pancake, it comes with hash brown and eggs. Pancakes --- very dry, and hash brown --- cold. We both had VERY bad food. This was the second time we visited, as I thought maybe we had bad luck the first time. I don't get why this place is over rated by Las Vegans? Pancakes for one person was $12.95!!!!We would do a lot better going to station casinos and pay $4.95 for a buffet breakfast with our local IDsWe would never visit that place again ! Worst breakfast EVER.
4	The Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffle is so good! I shared this with friends, way too much food for me to eat alone. But the chicken was perfect! The flavor was amazing. Then paired with the bacon waffle and maple syrup made the sweet and salty combination just sing in your mouth. One of my favorite dishes!
2	If you're a huge eater, then this is probably a good choice for you but on my second visit here I decided that it's just complete overkill with the portion sizes. One breakfast entree is MORE than enough for two people, yet if you want to share they charge you an additional fee. I find this a little ridiculous, but whatever. The food is generally okay (I love a good biscuit, and that they can offer) but on this past visit I was not happy with my entree which was a smoked salmon benedict. It was basically a MOUNTAIN of heavy and dry components which did not mesh together well at all but most importantly, the salmon tasted really fishy. I'm a pescetarian so I know fish pretty well and there was something just not quite right with this salmon. So I take about two bites and stop. I had my husband taste it too just to be sure it wasn't in my head and he agreed. We are not complainers, but we felt they needed to know about the funky fish. Our server finally came by and noticed that I hadn't eaten much and asked if something was wrong, so we told her. She did ask if I wanted something else but I said I was okay. A few minutes later a manager stopped by to find out what the issue was, so we explained it to her as well. So, here's where this establishment went ALL WRONG...this manager proceeds to explain to us the entire process of how they "smoke" their salmon. She said their method is a little unique and "not for everyone" and that she didn't really care for it either. Um, really? That's how you're going to handle this? She didn't offer anything to make it right. We weren't demanding a free meal, or even a refund. We didnt ask for anything different and just wanted to explain that there could have been a problem with old fish. The response was basically, our salmon is not for everyone, and sorry you didnt like it. Arrogant, and not the way to keep loyal clientele. In short, Poor management response has blacklisted this restaurant for me.
5	Great HUGE food - Awesome Bloody Mary - Good service.Had the Sage Fried Chicken.  We had to laugh when it came to the table...  It was a huge stack of waffles (with bacon sticking out around the edges) & fried chicken with a long steak knife holding it all together.  It had to have been a least a foot tall. The hot maple caramel reduction was very tasty and worked surprisingly well with the crispy fried leaks.Make sure to come hungry and plan to share!
3	Okay, sure, the Chicken and Waffles and Stuffed Burger were huge and delicious but the service was terrible. The hosts weren't very welcoming at all and our server took a while to take our order and seemed to be distracted and too busy. He wasn't very friendly and were kinda rushing us out.
2	In summary: quantity over quality.  Perhaps it was the dish I ordered...the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  By the time the dish arrived at our table, the chicken skin was drenched in the chipotle cream sauce to the point where the skin was now chewy without any crunch factor.  The chipotle cream sauce used for the benedict seemed under seasoned.  Fresh spinach and tomatoes were used....so I'll give them a star for that.  We also had to wait well over an hour for seats....all this combined made for a lack luster eating experience.  On a positive note, the snicker's pancake that we ordered was fluffy and well honestly anything with peanuts and chocolate is a win...and the pancake is about the size of a small pizza.  But overall, I'd rather go to Babystacks Cafe any day for a good breakfast over this place....
5	I've been to the Imperial palace one a I gotta say this place has some fast service and our waiter (Andrew) was very helpful with our menu decisions. Gotta say this place is large and seems like it always has tables available unlike the places on the strip. Being the original i gotta say this place is legit! Food and service was excellent and their homemade jam was tasty.
5	This place reminds me of places back home! Real delicious, quality food and creative menu choices. I have had lunch and breakfast here. My lunch was that huge dish that was on Man Vs. Food. Even with me and my grandfather eating it we ended up taking it back to the condo and both eating it for dinner too! The breakfast I had here I remember less (seeing as it was 6am and I was very drunk). It was good though. Everything was fresh and it was made to perfection- not greasy, not thrown together. The bloody mary had to be the greatest though. I might stop here again next time just to get one of those!
4	Huge portions is what makes me come back.. Service is wonderful, but the wait sucks.  Smoke apple bacon burger and sage fried chicken a winner.  Waiter always asked if you have been here before (warning to how much food is served).  There's table, booth, bar, or outdoor seating.  Place is very well clean.  Manager was very nice since my restaurant.com coupon was only good for dinner and I came in for lunch.  They gave me a discount anyways and gave my coupon back.  Nice gesture.Parking is plenty.  Easy to find on Sahara.
4	Unique take on comfort food. Even though they're always busy, we still get seated and served quickly. The food and drinks are always good. The servings are huge- plan on taking some home with you.
4	I had the Andy's chicken! Crazy huge portion! Amazing presentation! My hubby had the chorizo hash....he said it was ok. He ate half of mine. Had a yummy butterscotch espresso, yum! Oj was fresh and yummy! A Vegas must go to breakfast place! Then go walk 5 miles! Totally worth it though. Service was good. I think I'll venture to the San Diego location with my family this summer! We got there at about 10:15 on a Sunday and got seated right away. When we left the wait was insane!
5	The best breakfast joint in Las Vegas.  Portions are enormous so be prepared to share or be fed all day with left overs.  Great breakfast, lunch, brunch, or after a long night hangover spot.  Fun atmosphere and music. Great service. Definitely recommend this all my friends!
5	Winner Winner Chicken Dinner!!! or breakfast :)I always try to come here when I am in Vegas and I love exposing people to this place. It is unlike any other place in terms of uniqueness of the menu items and presentation. And just a tip 2-3 people can share a dish.Setting is a new age steel farm house, but who cares right you're not going on a date here. Let's be real, you're going to stuff your face.Service is bomb.comBloddy Mary - I dream about it. So tasty! And I don't even like/drink Vodka!Andy's Fried Chicken Benedict - yummy yummy in my tummy. It's got all kinds of goodies in it. Mozzeralla, Tomatoes, Sage fried chicken, Spinach, Eggs and Drizzeled in Chipotle Cream ----the best part.Waffles are ok, not the best.French Toast is like an explosion of flavor in your mouth :) All cinnaminy and creamy.Eggs Benedict - All the goodness without the chicken.Prices are unbeatable.Def a fun and twisted spin on breakfast, haven't been here for lunch yet.
4	Hash House a Go Go is one of those places you have to enjoy at least once out of the many trips you'll take to Vegas. You won't regret it. Hash House features American Farmhouse Food with a twist! Portions are huge and the combinations are creative. This place will get you eating outside of your comfort zone, and you'll be okay with it!SAGE FRIED CHICKEN and BACON WAFFLESWe had heard so much about the chicken and waffles, so the bf HAD to get it: Sage Fried Chicken stacked up high atop Hash House's famous bacon waffle, hot maple caramel reduction, and fried leeks. Remember that thing I mentioned about the portion sizes being huge?! Yeah, this is the perfect example. One look, and the bf knew he wouldn't be able to finish it by himself. Hah. Good thing I'm always available to pick up the slack. ;) BTW, it was phenomenal. I loved the bacon waffles!BENEDICTOf course once I saw the word "Benedict," I was already drawn in. But um... be warned, they don't serve "traditional" anything at Hash House a Go Go, so don't go in expecting "traditional" American Fare. I love to try new things, so I was real excited about their gourmet-sounding Benedict. I chose the HH original w/ smoked bacon, fresh tomato, fresh spinach, roasted red pepper cream, and two basted eggs. Like all Benedicts at HH, it was served on a fresh split biscuit with griddled mash. It was excellent. I'm a huge fan of spinach and roasted red peppers, so this was totally right up my alley. The eggs were cooked perfectly, and all the flavors melded together very nicely. And even though I am the biggest fan of Hollandaise, this red pepper cream sauce was a nice complement. BIG O'CRISPY HAND HAMMERED PORK TENDERLOIN SANDWICHThis sandwich is almost as big as it's name! It's like a HUGE pork cutlet served in a whole wheat bun, with onion, pickles, and ketchup. It comes with a choice of side.Hungry people, search no further! This thing is HUGE. This is taking "huge portion sizes" to another level. You'll have to see it to believe it. As for the taste, it was good. Almost like any other good, tasty, crispy pork cutlet I've ever had. Just 10x bigger..VERDICTOverall, if you order the "right" things, you won't be disappointed. And of the things I've eaten at Hash House a Go Go, I have yet to be dissatisfied. Try, try, try this place! Especially if you are a big eater, like me. ;)Yelp 365 - #280/365
4	I really enjoyed my birthday breakfast at Hash house... The food is great and the portions are huge! I had the french toast and had a very delicious pineapple mimosa as well.  I happened to be there on the second Saturday of the month, so they had a DJ spinning and had a Hillbilly Hoedown themed party.  It was awesome! Will definitely recommend this to all my friends traveling to Vegas!
2	Stopped in looking for a great breakfast. Ordered the salmon hash. It tasted more like cat food than something edible by humans. The hash browns had no flavor and the eggs were served cold. The biscuit was rock hard and the service was mediocre. For having such a good reputation this restaurant was an exceptional disappointment. I'd advise others to look elsewhere for breakfast.
4	HUGE portions, decent prices for the food you get, always busy for breakfast so expect a wait, but good service and the food was excellent. Will definitely be back soon!
3	I got the chicken and waffle dinner, I didn't find it deserving of four stars.  First, the prices are ridiculous for bar fair, yes bar fair.  Go to any PT's Pub and you can find virtually the same menu, minus the duck breast.  The majority of my dish was fried leek garnishing my dish, it was ridiculous!  My two small bone-in chicken breasts were good, but I would say no better than Cracker Barrel.  The waffles were frozen for god sakes!  I would say this restaurant is mainly for show and the food is way overpriced.  I would recommend saving roughly 25-30$ on a meal for two by avoiding this diner-trap that's been way over reviewed.
4	Huge portions!!!!  I ordered chicken and waffles and it can easily feed 2-3 people!  The chicken was crispy and perfectly cooked.  Loved the combination with the waffles.  Great presentation and the service was friendly too.
1	We went there because the Weekly magazine listed this place as a must go to place for breakfast. We ordered pancake, it comes with hash brown and eggs. Pancakes --- very dry, and hash brown --- cold. We both had VERY bad food. This was the second time we visited, as I thought maybe we had bad luck the first time. I don't get why this place is over rated by Las Vegans? Pancakes for one person was $12.95!!!!We would do a lot better going to station casinos and pay $4.95 for a buffet breakfast with our local IDsWe would never visit that place again ! Worst breakfast EVER.
4	2 words you must know: HUGE PORTIONSIf you're on a diet, you better order a plate to share with 3 other people.  The plates here can definitely feed 2, if not 3 or 4 people.  My favorite thing to order here is the Griddled French toast.  They are 4 huge slices on this dish and it comes with fried Plantin bananas.  They already add the syrup for you and they actually put a good amount.  Of course they offer extra syrup and butter for your taste.  My cousins ordered the Chicken Eggs Benedict, and the BBBLT (bacon bacon bacon Lettuce Tomato sandwhich).  Again, portions huge!  We were actually able to order all different things and share family style.  I think that's cool.  All the food was yummy! The benedict biscuit bread was a tad bit thick so it kind of took away flavor from all the other stacks on top of it.  I hate when I can't taste the egg!  This is definitely the place to take someone who loves to eat breakfast or brunch.  Entertain them with the huge plates!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (59/365).
4	Long lines but worth the wait, all I need to say is chicken waffles.  And the house hash is so out of hands, its out of both hands.  crazy large portions.
5	The fried chicken eggs benedict was big enough for my wife and I to split. We were very impressed with the quality of the food and beverages. I definitely recommend trying their fresh squeezed fruit juices.
1	I was very disappointed and offended by our server on my visit to hash house. He not only seemed to know absolutely nothing about the menu, he served me a meal with garlic in it after I told him I was allergic!! He clearly had no regard for his job or for other people!! Unfortunately due to this experience I will not be going back
4	I have been to Hash House before but not at this location. My prior experience were not so good. But I decided to give it another chance. And I have to say that this location is far better than the other one in Imperial Palace. The food and service was just awesome.So, we got there early and were seated right away. The waitress was nice and attentive. I ordered the Benedict Andy Sage Chicken. ^_^ this was extremely good. Just thinking about this dish is making my mouth water. Additionally, my b ordered the roasted chicken which was another great dish. Not to mention, the portion are huge. With that say, I would totally come back to this restaurant.
4	Come hungry! Portions are huge, (they will warn you) and they offer friendly and fast service.I had the infamous sage fried chicken and waffles. The chicken was nice, light crunch (corn flakes), and the waffles were stuffed with full pieces of bacon. I really enjoyed the fried leeks, it really added a nice touch.Overall we had a good experience, food was good and we were back on the road quickly.
5	I don't give 5 stars often. But this place was awesome! Their French toast is bomb! My wife and I ordered two dishes, we could have fed 2 more people with their massive portions. The food is fresh and freaking delicious! They only have Tabasco if you are looking for cholula or tapatio. We managed with the hot sauces we wanted. The French toast was the best I ever had no kidding. It was good! I'm not a French toast king of guy either. Nice place to go off the strip for some breakfast. Our server Kelly was super nice and accommodating! Will definitely go back when I'm back in Vegas! This place is not over rated, trust me.
5	Another awesome brunch today with "Twisted Farm Food."I love many things about this place. The decor, the huge menu, the portions. Yes, the portions are big enough for you to share, take home, and have for maybe another meal. Or two. But it's good yumy food.I've had many items off their menu. French Toast, waffles, corned beef, their amazing variety of flapjacks, scrambles... Today's choice was Andy's Sage Fried Chicken with Bacon Waffles. Fried Chicken isn't traditional, but still good. Belgian-style waffles with slices of bacon in-between. I don't really need to say much about that. Isn't everything better with bacon?? Just kidding...The other highlight was the Blueberry Pecan flapjacks. Nutty and fruity fluffy soft pancakes drizzled with warm maple syrup. Nom nom nom... My son even gobbled it up.Their service is great, the only thing that takes awhile is your food to arrive. It wasn't unreasonable, and you kind of forget about it once your ginormous plate of food arrives. The manager always comes around when plates are cleared to inquire how our meal were.The prices are pretty hefty for breakfast, but you do get a lot for what you paid. I have two take-out boxes in my fridge right now...Till next time! :)
3	F-U Heart Attack Grill!The portions at this place will give any place dedicated to given people a coronary bypass a run for its money.  The portions are ridiculous.  Hell, I even saw some lady eating out of what looked like to be a deep fried sombrero.  Ole Mother Fuckers!The people next to us had a pancake that was obviously made on the lid of a tras can.  Oscar the Grouch Bitches!As for me, I had the chicken and waffles.  Two nice size pieces of chicken on top of maple syrup drizzled waffles.  Oh yeah, the waffles were filled with strips of Bacon. Pork Belly Bastards!
4	Wife and I went to the Sahara location this past weekend 6/9/12; I had been to this location several times, this was her first time at any HHaGG.  I have learned to stick with the chicken and waffles, as I always tend to regret ordering other things on the menu.  Not that the other items aren't good, it's just that the sandwiches, skillets, etc. are on par with other breakfast places.  The chicken and waffles here are IMO the best item on the menu, and the best I've had in town (compared to M&M, Gritz).  As previously stated by everyone else, the portions are HUGE. We knew this, and decided to share this dish, and ordered a side of biscuits and gravy (actually, only 1 biscuit). The menu suggests a $2.50 split plate charge, but the waitress just brought us an empty plate, and we did it ourselves for free!  Good times.The biscuits and gravy are VERY good, but VERY rich, with chunks of meat and creamy goodness that fills the little bowl.  The biscuit is soft, flaky, and resists soaking from the gravy well, giving you a nice consistent texture, without mushiness.  I dare say the FLAVOR of the biscuit and gravy is now my favorite thing at HHaGG. The problem is it so rich, I would find it hard to make a full meal out of it.  Sharing a side is the way to go for this gutbomb!  Even splitting, we still left a waffle (sans bacon, of course) behind.
5	oh my gawd. This place blew my mind! If you have a car, this is definitely a must go in vegas off the strip. Bring a HUGE appetite, because everything is massive portions. We ordered a ratio of 8 dishes to 12 people, and we were BEYOND stuffed. Now, I'm able to write this review because we practically tried everything on their menu! :)Must tries:-Banana maple pancakes (SO FLUFFY, carmelized sugar, and baked in bananas...WOW!)-Corn beef hash (great presentation, liked it way better than the HH Famous Meatloaf one)-Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict - This was AMAZING. the eggs on it were drenched in really interesting sauce. Definitely not your typical eggs benedict.-Kiwi watermelon lemonade. When you order this, and your friends see it, they're going to want one too. fair warning ;)We also got the chicken and waffles (man vs food), and the porkloin benedict (which was kind of dry). They were all good. but I liked the top 3 i mentioned the best. Everything was shocking and amazing. The portions were humongous. We all got drinks (mimosas, oj, and kiwi watermelon lemonade) and the bill only came out to about $15-16 a person. Such a great value meal!
1	I just left hash house a go go and I will never go back.  I ordered the chicken and waffles.  The chicken had no flavor except for the maple syrup poured all over it.  Sweet sticky meat with beading that tasted like fried white flour.  The waffles had bacon inside, again dessert meat. I ordered a side of sausage gravy to try to salvage the chicken, I ate about a teaspoon, it was the consistency of thick pudding. Again thick flour taste with a bit of sausage mixed in.  So needless to say I wasn't crazy about the food.  However my real problem was the service.  Kelly was my waitress, and while not exactly rude, not very helpful when she realized I had a problem.  I told her I needed the gravy because I wasn't crazy about the syrupy chicken, she said " yeah, some people don't like the sweet meat, I guess you learned!". When I didn't eat much even after she brought the gravy she said, "is it making you sick?, I'll get it out of your way".  I didn't ask for a free meal, and I was not comfortable saying more because of her comments.  But the thing is, that she offered no options to rectify the situation, she did not send a manager over to talk to us, and charged us for everything.  Really disappointing experience.
2	Underwhelming. So much hype and excitement over this place on yelp and my friends and i left just disappointed and displeased. The food portions are huge. that is not necessarily a positive for me. All of the food basically tasted the same - bland. Even the sage chicken and waffles tasted bland. All of the food was below average and a mess of a glob/mush. The vegetarian quesadillas tasted doughy..............all in all, i think i can sum this review up fairly quickly...my favorite part of the meal was the watermelon and cantaloupe served as sides with the main entrees.
5	Uh, so you absolutely MUST come here. Especially if you are tired of super expensive strip food and you have a raging hangover. Not that I had a hangover.Portions are huge. You might want to split with another person. Or two other people, and get a side of something. But... huge!I am a huge fan of their potatoes and their biscuits. Buttery biscuits! Kind of like how I remembered KFC biscuits to be, except better. Kind of hard to believe that something could beat my memory of how good KFC biscuits were. Overall, this place reminds me of Black Bear Diner. Huge portions, good food.
5	Just kidding.Apparently I didn't appreciate smoked salmon benedicts quite enough.If this restaurant were a person, the first thing it would say is: "Get your fatass back here and eat this damn food."Don't fight it.
5	This place is food pr0n. Period.Its the type of place you see on The Food Network or Travel Channel with massive portions of delicious, pornographically conceived dishes bursting from the confines of their plates or hot iron skillets.I don't really need to say more, but I will.I chose this place randomly and completely forgot I had seen it on Man v. Food, but saw the fried chicken Benedict advertised as such on the menus, which jogged my memory. We ordered that plus the chorizo hash and both were gigantic and delicious.The fried chicken was juicy, the gravy was tasty, and the veggies were fresh. I actually liked that chorizo even more, though, as the spicy sausage was perfectly prepared and cooked with the right amount of heat. That mixed with over easy eggs and the jalapenos, cheese, and potatoes ... just ridiculous! Their banana latte was also VERY good. Damn, I want to go back right now! Please open a shop in LA!!! Anywhere on Ventura Blvd would be perfect!!! NOW!!!
5	It's a definite go! Chicken and Waffles is the new craze these days, but this place was doing it first.....and boy, do they do it right. Slices of bacon cooked inside the waffles which are over fried chicken and it's all drizzled with a maple reduction sauce. Two years in a row for me and I'm a lifer.-Chicago's very own........"Chowhound Chick"http://chowhoundchick.blogspot.com
5	Wonderful all around! We brought a group of about 20 people there on a Sunday and everything went perfectly. Our server, Chris, was super friendly and took care of our group of 20 people like he was born doing it. And although I hate to use this word, the food really was amazing.
4	Having seen the restaurant on MVF, I knew I had to make it a stop if I ever got to Vegas.  I spent the last week there for a family gathering, and kept trying to find some time to break away to get there.  I told my wife that we WOULD be going on our way out of town.  We got there at about 10 am on a Thursday.  We walked right in and there was no wait to be seated.  The ambiance is cool, and everything seems like it was well thought out.  It was clean, and the staff was very friendly.I ordered the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict.  All I can really say is, do it.  Eat this magnificent blend of flavors and textures.  Come hungry, it's a beast... but you will leave with a smile.  The fried chicken is juicy, firm, and the breading is light and subtle.  The hint of sage really adds a lot.  It might be the best fried chicken I've ever eaten... but that's a tough call.  The griddle mashed potatoes are excellent.  They get the texture perfect, and they are just the right amount of salt.  The chipotle sauce on the top is great also.My wife had the meatloaf and eggs breakfast.  The meatloaf was delicious.  It was not mushy or runny or falling apart.  It was a firm patty, neatly grilled to a delicious brown crust.  Served with the griddle mashed potatoes, she really enjoyed it.  (And I enjoyed the leftovers.)What really speaks to the level of service at this place is the experience my mother in law had.  She has celiac, and cannot eat any gluten.  She made her allergy known to our waiter, who took the time to double-check with the chef about what dishes had flour.  She settled on a scramble that had asparagus, pot roast, cheese, tomato, and obviously, egg.  She remarked that the vegetables were very fresh and everything was cooked to perfection.Other recommendation:  Get a S'Mores Mocha.  Wow.Overall - it was worth the wait.  And given that I paid with my craps winnings, it was the right price.  Stop by if you're in Vegas, San Diego, Chicago, or anywhere else they open one of these.  It's worth the time.
4	Went every morning in Vegas. First time was five stars. Great food, service, good use of sage. 2nd we had a horrible server that got my bloody mary order wrong twice and gave us attitude. We tried their specialty, wasn't great. That was 3 stars. TRY THE JAM!
5	Everything here shines. From the banana latte to the hand hammered pork tenderloin Benedict. Portions are generous and quality is second to none.  It's a must stop every time I'm in Las Vegas.
5	I love this place! The food is excellent, the drinks are good and the service is awesome!!!!
5	Thier portions are huge, and the food is hearty, stick to your ribs fare.  If you're not used to eating big, you may want to share just about everything on the menu.  The wait is never too long, and the staff is super friendly.  It's a real treat to come here for breakfast or brunch in my family, not for price, but because we don't want to turn into butterballs.  If you're gonna break your diet, or have a cheat day, this is the place to do it.
4	this place is packed and i know why !!!! i was in vegas for a wedding and im go glad my friend told me about this place we went for breakfast on saturday morning well late morning , i ordered the chicken and waffles this masterpiece was amazing so there is four pieces of waffles then 2 huge ieces of chicken the leeks on top i could do without the leeks , the waffles had strips of bacon in the waffle which i would been way happier if the bacon was done a bit more but all in all this thing was pretty damn good would def come back !!!!
4	this place never seems to fail my craving for the best breakfast in Las Vegas! You can taste the freshness of their eggs and can't be beat..the only thing that seems very odd to me is their unwillingness to change menu items i.e extra cheese or adding something to of their scrambles.. seems odd how they never bring out the whole tables food at the same time.... no one goes out to eat and likes to have to dig in alone or wait for someone elses food to arrive Despite the oddities the flavors can't be beat!
5	A buddy of mine that is a local in LV recommended a GREAT breakfast joint after a night of partying! This was such a treat. The pricing is slightly hefty but what they bring out of the kitchen, leaves you pretty stunned. The food is enormous and the preparation looks awesome. You truly get what you paid for and more. Had the Chicken and Waffles, no complaints!Food: 8.5 - 9Service: 8.5
1	Eek! Methinks not! Took the family here for a birthday dinner for our son.  Service was mediocre and the food was terrible.  Food was lukewarm and lacked any flavor. Chicken seemed like it was cooked yesterday, or earlier. Our daughter even commented that she never thought someone could mess up a pancake!  The worst part though was that 4/5 of us were sick for days from this meal.  By the time we got home everyone was ill, and it unfortunately lingered.  Don't see how this place will be in business much longer.
5	WOW I don't know what else to say. This place is just amazing. They live up to the *twisted farm food* they claim to serve.I love the "Griddled French Toast" it is just so darn good! It was priced at $12.95 and the portion was generous. I am in love with this french toast and it will not be the last time I order it! The plates of food are enormous so you must keep that in mind. Inside is normally packed but they have plenty of people working and keep things running smoothly. I was pleased to see they have a lunch and dinner menu. The breakfast will be hard to live up to but I want to come back and try out some their salads and sandwiches. You wont be disappointed I promise give it a try!
1	I concede Hash House ONE star because my husband loves their bloody marias and they do a pretty good lime margarita. That's where the good portion of the evening ended for us.We have been to three of their LV locations. Each time we've gone to the M location, the service has been spot-on, our food has come out at the same time and of course, the food is ginormous and good.The Sahara location is the pits. We went on a Saturday night and they seemed to be understaffed so we waited about 30 minutes for a table in spite of the dining room being only about half full.We waited about 10 minutes for someone to take our drink order. As we were waiting, we glanced around at what some of the other diners were enjoying. When the waitress came back with our drinks, I asked her a couple of (I thought) fairly simple questions about the menu. My husband also wanted to know what the people next to us ordered because it looked and smelled delicious.The waitress walked over to the other table and asked them what it was. We were slightly more than a little embarrassed. The waitress didn't know the answers to the questions I asked, either.Negative five points for menu knowledge.Then, when our meals came out, my husband got his first. Being the gentleman he is, he waited for our son and me to get ours. And we waited. And we waited. After about 10 minutes, mine came out. We asked the server, very politely, if the kitchen knew anything about the proper firing of meals because we had never experienced this at another location. The server, while holding my plate in his hand the whole time, proceeds to argue with my husband and tell us that since the kitchen doesn't use any heat lamps, they brought out food whenever it was ready. Which is all fine except that just the week prior at the M location, I went to lunch with a group of 15 people and our meals all came out within a couple of minutes of each other.But back to the Sahara location. The server continues to argue with us and finally just stops talking. Standing there. Glaring at us. After a few seconds of this I looked at him and asked, "May I please have my dinner plate or are you going to continue to hold it hostage?" At which point, he thumped it down on the table in front of me.Did I mention that the restaurant manager walked by at least twice during this and didn't say a word? Did I also mention that our son STILL did not have his dinner?And at this point, both my husband's food and my food are cold. Then comes my son's hamburger. All told, three meals over the course of about 20 minutes. Without a word from our waitress, drink refills or the manager stopping by.I will concede that my husband's bloody marys are always good. My grilled cheese sandwich, though cold, was still tasty. And my son said his hamburger was okay but nothing special.We would much rather take the extra 30-40 minutes out of our lives and go to the one inside M, where they actually appreciate their customers and have common sense when it comes to firing food in the kitchen.
4	All I can say is the food was awesome and the service was AMAZING!!..We ordered from the lunch menu and got the Chicken waffles and also the special Big O'crispy hand hammered pork tenderloin sandwich and OMG!!...each plate was like a planet. Admittedly I have had better chicken but that doesn't mean I don't drool at the thought of having it again.Our waitress was Fonda and I tell you, she has definitely raise the bar on what is crazy excellent service. Even though she did have many tables to attend to, it still felt like she was your personal waitress and always had a huge smile on her face. Her service definitely made the whole experience at this place.
2	Way overrated! I honestly think people are impressed more by amount of food and the presentation of the food. They make it look pretty but actually tasting good is another thing
5	I get the same thing every time I go to Hash House A Go Go.Husband and I share their chicken and waffles.But these are no ordinary chicken and waffles. Sage fried chicken. Moist, tender waffles with a piece of AMAZING bacon baked right into them. Everything drizzled with a sweet maple syrup, and then stacked high with bamboo skewers.The presentation is phenomenal and the flavor even better.I also get their watermelon kiwi lemonade every time, since it's been a special every time I go. Kiwi syrup, housemade lemonade, topped off with watermelon puree and a big ol' slice of ripe, fresh, cold watermelon. Can't beat that in the Vegas heat.One of just a few Food Network favorite restaurants that really live up to the hype. It's open pretty late, too. Yay!
4	This is the place to go to for a brunch that will soak up all the booze you drank the night before. Portions are huge, big enough to share. I ordered to the mango coconut pancakes and the hubby had the chicken and waffles. We both got through about half of our food before having to throw in the towel.
4	I would give this 3 1/2 stars.  Went to Hash House A Go Go mainly to try their chicken and waffles.  While I wouldn't say it was the best thing since sliced bread, it was good, and the portion was humongous!  My friends had a taste, and I think I still took home over half of it.The portions of the other dishes were pretty large as well.  We also had a couple of drinks that were pretty good.While it wasn't earth-shattering, I would definitely return.
4	If you haven't been here before, you need to go. This is the kinda place where you find yourself gawking at your co-dinners' food. There was a whole lot of "Ohhhh, what is that?!" going on as we watched plate after plate of giant portions of breakfast food being served with all matter of spiky garnishes.I had the Hash House salad with chicken breast. Normally not something you can add excitement factor to, but they managed to do just that! Mango vinaigrette was amazing. It also had homemade cornbread croutons. Portions were gigantic. Atmosphere is also very very cool and hip...you'll almost forget you're in Vegas. It's like the American Southwest meets downtown Seattle. The only reason I'm giving this 4 stars and not 5 is the wait time. Please, open another location!
5	Breakfast for dinner is one of my favorite things! So I knew I had to check this place out!With so many selections, wasn't sure exactly what to get - especially after watching all the other diners getting their food. The food on the plates were skillfully made into works of art, but not talking about tiny bits of food here...enormous portions that smelled and looked great as they passed by!Finally decided on the Chicken and Waffles, and was so glad I did! The Fried chicken was perfectly fried with a nice buttery breading, and the waffles - stack on top of them - were light and fluffy. A perfect match. They also sprinkled some toasted coconut on the top of the waffles that just tied in everything nicely. Took home a little more then half of it, could have easily have shared this with one or two of my friends!! Very much recommend checking out if your in Vegas - will be back next time we are!!
5	Two words.  Huge!  Delicious!  Everything is massive!  The drinks, the food, the service!  Recently I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict as a fan of Fried Chicken.  Along came a platter (two plates) worth of food presented and built like a house, e.g. bacon mash potatoes provided the foundation, then the biscuits were on-top supporting the Fried Chicken and Chiptole cream with peppers, scrambled eggs, griddled mozzarella.  There was so much flavor yet it all seemed to work out and agree with my palate.  However, I failed the Man vs Food battle, unlike Adam Richman, as I could not finish my plate.  My buddies ordered and enjoyed  the House Hashes with chorizo; however, one of the hashes came with fresh jalapenos, which of course, didn't quite flow well with him a few hours later.  =P
5	Portions - GinormousPrice - Very ReasonableTaste - EXCELLENTAYService - OutstandingI ordered the chirizo hash skillet and it was really good.  I usually can put down food, but this plate beat me!  I had it with jalapenos which I love, but it caught up it with me an hour later!  I highly recommend this joint and would eat here again on my next visit to Vegas!
3	There are good thing and bad.....The food is excellent, HUGE portions, and everything is unique and made with fresh ingredients. I had the Sage Fried Chicken Bene, which was divine. I prob would have scarfed it all down, but I was nursing a vicious hang over, so really I mostly poked and prodded at it. The bad thing, we waited for 40 minutes, and once we got seated we notice at least a third of the dining area was empty! It was a saturday morning, so there was no reason to be under staffed. Also the portions are little obnoxiously large, really, who is gonna eat all that!
5	Damn... I cant find anything negative about this place except that it isnt near my house. My wife and I decided to check it out being that we were in Vegas and are fans of Man vs Food. I was concerned that it was just overrated due to its extremely large portions but no longer. I had to try the fried chicken eggs benedict that I saw on tv. OMG it was huge! My wife and I split it and we still couldn't even come close to finishing it. It was f#%king amazing! The sauce was sooooo good. Also the bloody marys arent to be missed... they make their own mix every day and it is awesome! I cant wait to go back to vegas just to have breakfast here again!
5	Totally awesome!  Great food and great prices!  Huge portions!  Chicken and Waffles sounds weird but I want it in my mouth right now!  Amazing way to start your day in Vegas!
5	Loved it. Go early, so much food you won't have to eat the rest of the day. Really good chicken and waffles. I wish we had one around here. Good value, cool experience. It is in a super crappy hotel and casino though.
4	I now know why the locals rave about this place. I used to live in Vegas and never got out there mainly because I was always working during the week and my friend (who worked there) said that it was a VERY long wait on the weekends so don't bother. I was visiting Vegas and went to the restaurant during the week and it was perfect. We only waited 5 minutes and were seated.The food is GREAT. I'm not sure why, but the server would take a long time taking orders so could not check back on us.  Why does this surprise me? They don't take special orders so you have to order as it is on the menu. Anyhow, the food makes up for this. The portions are humongous. We took our leftovers back to our condo and were able to enjoy them later.Great theme, great staff, great vibe!
1	More like Hash House a No GO! Tried to eat here last week. Not a long wait to be seated but once we sat we were invisible. Our server took our drink order then brought our drinks, so far so good. He preceeded to walk by us and go to his tables next to us for 15min. Flagged down another server so we could at least pay for our OJ and leave so we could go some place that wanted or business. We've really been wanting to try this place. The menu looked good too. It's not like the guy was busy he was just a jerk who was too cool to be there I guess. What a waste of time that was!
5	My friends and I stopped by here before making our long drive back to California. We got there around 12pm and people were waiting everywhere (good sign!!). We waited around 20 minutes before we got called. My friend and I shared the Fried Chicken & Waffles and ordered a side of crispy potatoes. When it came out, we sat there in shock...it was HUGE! We didn't know where to start. The description said tower of bacon waffles, and sure enough, there were 4 waffles on top of one another and 2 fried chicken breasts on top of that. The fried chicken was a little dry, but nothing a little dunk in ketchup or syrup can't fix. I could see the pieces of bacon in the waffles, which was a little overwhelming. The waffles were crunchy and pretty good; the crispy potatoes were nicely seasoned too. One of my other friends ordered a breakfast combo and the other one ordered just the fried chicken. Both of them had mashed potatoes w/bacon, some of the heaviest mashed potatoes ever, but it was really creamy, buttery and good. The total wasn't bad either; I can't remember the exact number but I remember thinking it wasn't so bad. My friend and I who shared the chicken/waffles paid around $12 including tax and tip. We left overly stuffed and very happy.
5	I was in Vegas this weekend and stopped at this spot and it was amazing!!!!  Food was GREAT AND THE Service was great too.
2	Disappointed!! They  forgot I ordered coffee then didn't refill then food was cold.  The two stars is they took my meal off the bill.  Will not return.
5	Ok. first things first.IAM GLAD THIS SPOT IS A FOUR HOUR DRIVE AWAY FROM ME....OR ELSE I WOULD BE MORBIDLY OBESE.Went to sin city this weekend, and had to try this spot after seeing it on Man vs Food.I love a good breakfast... hell, I love a good ANY MEAL, and this place WON like a muthafukka!!!! I hate to say it, but the griddle better watch their back.I had the caramelized banana vanilla cinnamon french toast with a pistachio mocha. Yeah. Don't look at me like that... complete with chicken sausage and 2 eggs over hard. And mama did some damage.My friend ordered the snickers pancakes... (-----READ IT AGAIN.The service was impeccable. It literally took us 8 min to get seated (with a party of 5) and our waiter was cooooool cool. (and cute to boot!)In my opinion, there is only 1 place on the planet (I've persoanally tried) that is an equal. SHOPSINS.... in essex street market in New York. (see review)Today, it was Jen vs Food... Jen won.
5	My favorite Hash House. Been to San Diego's about 10 times, Imperial Palace's 2 times, M 1 time, and this one about 10 times. Food was good at all of them. Portions are huge and a great place to take someone that hasn't been here yet. I give this 5 stars because there is rarely a wait, even at lunch the wait isn't too long. San Diego's is always about an hour wait.Only issue, this restaurant doesn't have the Butterscotch Almond Pancakes.Staff has always been attentive.  Breakfast food on steroids!!! Plan on eating over 2,000 calories if you finish your plate. Expect leftovers.
4	Oh my gosh, was this an experience....a great one for dinner! We had a variety...hamburgers, chicken, chops, etc.  Absolute fabulous service and  very creative,gigantic servings.....unbelievable!   After hearing all the great reviews, I was dying to try it on my Las Vegas trip. Definately, the place to go when you are famished.  We were so impressed, that we were taking pictures of the food. So go try it.   Open 7 days a week, breakfast thru dinner.  And I can't wait until next trip to try breakfast.  They have a Tractor Driver Combo if that tells you anything. I think it's two of everything.Just so you know, Hash House A Go Go, is casual, loud and super busy, but, a large restaurant.  It was no problem for us and were still seated right away.  Great bar.  I ordered a martini, which I seemed to spill immediately.  One waiter brought another right away, as the poor bus boy cleaned my mess. What a way to start the evening!Another kudos to the manager.  She didn't like the way my entree looked, so she sent it back to be redone, and brought me a comp salad, big enough for two to share.  They were sure on top of things and I didn't mind the wait.Try it, you'll be happy you did..........
1	Disappointing! With all the rave review we expected better, much better! Yes their portions are big but so are the prices. You can get better quality food at other brunch spots for cheaper. Here's a breakdown of our 1st visit:Atmosphere is always crowded & loud! Very loud! They pump up the music so loud that the hostess had to yell at the top of her lungs for parties and if you're seated near her it's all you hear throughout your meal. It ridiculous! Turn the music down a little and people will be able to hear the host and have a nice conversation without yelling over the music!Food, hubby ordered his usual corned beef hash and let me tell u, don't order it if you're a corned beef hash lover! With the name hash house you'd expect their hash to be awesome. But it was just pieces of shredded fresh corned beef on top of seasoned potatoes, topped w/ shredded cheese & green onions. It's not even "hashed" together! They serve it with a lame dry biscuit and a piece of watermelon & strawberry. I ordered their popular menu item, banana French toast. Now this dish was good and had 3 big thick slices topped with cooked banana. This is the only reason they get 1star. So for both dishes & 2 drinks bill was $40 w/tip. Never coming here again, so not worth the $ or the crowd u have to deal with.
3	I don't like American comfort food or huge portions - here I got both. However, the quality of the food is good nevertheless. If you like American comfort food you will absolutely adore this place. The decor, ambience and service are great! I had a great time meeting a buddy of my BF here and tried some of his pasta dish. The pasta was very, very good. The fried chicken on top of it I avoided. They like to put branches of rosemary on top of their dishes here. We jokingly referred to them as trees. My BF and I shared some BBQ ribs which had a BBQ sauce that tasted more like teriyaki than anything. It would have been good if the meat was not so fall off the bones tender. Plus the meat didn't have a smoky flavor. They call their food "Twisted Farm Food" and indeed it is. There are many things you will notice about your plate that will give you that idea. Their biscuits are not bad. They have a sweet sauce drizzled on them but they are a bit too big for your mouth and a little too hard. I had a mango tea. Be warned - refills are $1. Prices are not bad considering they do give you huge portions.We got seated real quick. Parking is not an issue.
2	Triple the wait time they give you.  At least.  But now they are all over Vegas and not just at this one location anymore.I really, really want to LOVE this place.  I really do.  But other than the fact that they have ginormo portions, the food is just ok.  The chicken and waffles are good.  Don't get me wrong, the food is good.  But after like three bites I'm over it.   The last time I was there, they forgot the meat in my dish.  You can't keep a fat girl from her bacon.
3	Clean and priced ok. Our problem was: egg shells in our eggs, eggs were under-cooked, Wifes breakfast came out a full 10 minutes before mine. On the bright side the pancakes were tasty....however insist on extra butter and syrup....for a place that promotes excess portions, their stingy on the toppings!
4	My parents love eating breakfast here when we visit Vegas because it is off the strip and the food is so good!I ordered the marshmallow banana pancakes which were to die for! It wasn't as sweet as you would think and it was SO crazy good!Our table also ordered the sage chicken and waffles and they said it was delicious.Kind of pricey and the service wasn't great, but the food is ah-mazing!
4	Man vs. food location!! I tried the legendary fried chicken eggs benedict. The chicken was so delicious. It was juicy and tender, and the rest of the ingredients definitely went well together with the chicken. The only weird part was the cheese, somehow it took away a little from the rest of the meal. I ended up removing the cheese layer off the top. But this place is a must go to place. If for nothing else, come for the experience. I would recommend sharing as well because the portions are enormous. Anyway, strangely enough, the meal wasn't the best part, it was the JAM. Made every day, there are, I think, 4 types of jam that they serve on different days. I had the strawberry jam and it was perhaps the best part of my meal. It was just that good. TRY THE JAM!
5	Let me start by saying I first went to Hash House at Imperial.  It was good, maybe what I ordered wasnt the best (smoked salmon hash).  Alas, enter the location on Sahara! OH MY. I had the fried chicken and maple glaze. Fantastic! Portion was enormous, you definitely need to come with a hungry man here to finish your food.  I split the banana brown sugar pancake with my husband. HEAVENLY. Nothing compares.  The caramelization on the bananas and the surprising brown sugar bits in the batter were nothing short of spectacular.  Might I say that the batter itself without the bananas and sugar was also delicious. Eat here! You won't regret it.  I'm so sad I dont live here, but glad my brother does because this will be on our list of pit stops when we visit.
5	Let me start by saying I hate Pancakes! But I love them at Hash house, did you see how I hated and now I love?! I think they are the path to world peace. Had the brown sugar and banana pancake its one pancake yes I know just one.......mother clucken, giant, UFO shaped/sized pancake that tastes like the blood of sexy ferries if I were a vampire.  (just watched true blood) Ate there twice in five days and every meal was fucking yummy. other meal was Biscuits and gravy cant go wrong with this one either!oh yeah Kiwi Watermelon lemonade so damn good.
1	6/11/2012 I just left hash house a go go and I will never go back. I ordered the chicken and waffles. The chicken had no flavor except for the maple syrup poured all over it. Sweet sticky meat with beading that tasted like fried white flour. The waffles had bacon inside, again dessert meat. I ordered a side of sausage gravy to try to salvage the chicken, I ate about a teaspoon, it was the consistency of thick pudding. Again thick flour taste with a bit of sausage mixed in. So needless to say I wasn't crazy about the food. However my real problem was the service. Kelly was my waitress, and while not exactly rude, not very helpful when she realized I had a problem. I told her I needed the gravy because I wasn't crazy about the syrupy chicken, she said " yeah, some people don't like the sweet meat, I guess you learned!". When I didn't eat much even after she brought the gravy she said, "is it making you sick?, I'll get it out of your way". I didn't ask for a free meal, and I was not comfortable saying more because of her comments. But the thing is, that she offered no options to rectify the situation, she did not send a manager over to talk to us, and charged us for everything. Really disappointing experience.
5	BREAKFAST ORGY!  Those are the words I use to describe this place to my friends and family...at least the ones that are ok with the word orgy.  I made my first trip here 3 years ago after seeing the man vs food episode and now it is an absolute must on every Vegas trip.  I was there for the week of the 4th and hit it up on the 4th...and the 6th.  Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict is my go to when I have to split with my wife.  When the shackles come off and I can order whatever I want, there's no telling what I'll get.  I'll list a few that I've had:Chicken and Waffles: SHARE THIS.  It's two big pieces of chicken paired with waffles that have bacon baked into them.  I've never come close to finishing but wished I could.Blackberry Granola Pancake: I was embracing my inner tree hugger and it was delicious.  The berries explode all over the pancake with patches of granola baked right in.  If you like those flavors, get this into your mouth asap.Corned Beef Hash: Order this if you like actual corned beef and not the dog food that comes in the Hormel can.  It's served in strips, almost shredded, in a skillet with eggs and potatoes and a buscuit.  Coulda been something I'm missing, but it's all about the corned beef.  Banana Pecan French Toas: Take a big ass banana, split it down the middle and cook that bad boy up.  Now pair it with some of the best french toast you've had with pecans also invited to the party in your mouth.  If you want some serious sweet for breffas, do this.DRINKS- I've been wanting to order drinks for a while now.  I always fixate on the food and skip the exotic drink menu. NOT THIS LAST TIME THOUGH.Smores Mocha: Are you F'n kidding me?  First it comes in an oversized mug (surprise). It's a mocha which marshmallow fluff on top that's browned and then garnished with two pieces of graham cracker.  It's very sweet, so I'm not sure if it's an option, but an extra shot would probably be the only recommendation I could give to make this any better.Caramel Mocha (?)- not sure of the name, but it comes in a tall glass that makes it look like a shake because it's topped with a bunch of whipped cream which is toped with drizzled caramel and chocolate.  Like the above drink, very tasty, but very sweet.  I like my coffee STRONG, so I'd add an extra shot next time if possible.I believe there are at least 4 locations in vegas, The M, The Plaza, The Imperial Palace and this one.  I like this one because it's a free standing building well off the strip, so I avoid a little of the Vegas madness.  It gets packed pretty early.  If you think you're going to sleep till 9 and show up and get a table at 10 like every other lazy ass, you're mistaken.  You need to COMMIT TO BREAKFAST, wake up early and show up as close to opening (i believe it's 7:30am) as possible.If you go to Vegas and don't eat breakfast here, YOU'RE DOING IT WRONG.
3	1219 reviews...... Really??? Actually that should just show it may be all about the hype and not the food.....(and now this makes 1220)Now, don't get me wrong...the food is pretty good.....I wouldn't call it a gourmet breakfast or anything, it's just not the best place I've been for breakfast food. The portions are HUGE, of course, that's what they are famous for.....you can more than likely share your entree with someone. Service wasn't so great on the day we went......one of the people at our  table ordered fries, but they came back much later to tell him they had run out (how do you run out of fries?) anyways, they brought him an alternative and said they wouldn't charge anything, but low and behold, the imaginary fries were on the bill. Just kind of annoying, that's all. I think it's fun to eat here at least once, but not make it your go-to breakfast place in Vegas (the egg and I might be a better option.... )
4	It was my husband birthday weekend and we wanted to end the weekend with a great breakfast..well we decided why not try out Hash House A Go Go! We were happy we decided to Go Go! We started with Tangerine Mimosas. Can you say great start! We shared the Sage Chicken and Waffles...there was bacon inside the waffles...not just like bacon bits but a full piece(maybe two) inside the waffle..Me and my husband were in heaven..the chicken wasn't anything to write home about but the waffles made up for that! We will be going back with the family. Only thing I would say that was bad was the wait..if you have a party bigger then 4 be prepared for a wait!
4	Man vs Food, Rachael Ray, Diners, Drive-ins and Dives approved? Yes, Hash House, you have my attention! HUGE portions. Chicks can easily split an order. "Twisted Farm Food" is exactly what this place serves. Biscuits and gravy: lots of sausage, gravy is smooth and thick. YAY FOR NO LUMPS! Oh yeah, that's served on mashed potatoes!Hash House Original Benedict: No hollandaise sauce here! Instead topped with a roasted red pepper cream sauce. Yum. Waffles and French Toast: about 1.5" - 2" thick. Serious carb action going on here. Pancakes: Good luck finishing ONE. Hash skillets: The guys at my table finished theirs, so yeah, they were pleased. All fruit is purchased through different distributors only when ripe and in season. Yes, I asked. :-)Servers have their shit together. They close at 2:30 and re-open for dinner around 5-6pm. It's worth the 15 min. trip off the strip.
5	Had the sage chicken and it was unique and very tasty.   I was in a hurry and by myself so I sat at the bar.  Service was quick and helpful with suggestions.  It was a little pricey but the portions and quality of food makes up for it.  I will definitely visit again.
2	I actually love Hash House, believe it or not.  But this last experience was pretty horrible.  I went there with my girlfriend and daughter.  All the entrees had problems but I will only review mine.It took 10 minutes for a server to stop by the table.  When he finally showed up, I showed him the restaurants.com certificate I had and he took the orders. I don't know if the certificate had anything to do with it, but we didn't see him again until the food arrived 25 minutes later.  This was slightly alarming since I realized in the interim he never asked me how I wanted the meat in my entree done.  Disinterested service aside, when the food arrived, it looked and smelled delicious.  I had the special, which was a mixed grill with duck breast, lamb chops and a boneless ribeye.  I soon realized however, why he didnt ask how I wanted it done.  The lamb chops were just medium, well prepared and tasted good.  However, the ribeye was only about a centimeter thick, and I'm thinking they could have cooked it for a minute on each side and it still would have turned out how I got it, which was well done, dry and flavorless.  Very disappointing for a cut of meat that is pretty easy to get right in my own experience.  The duck had the skin left on which I was excited to see at first, until I realized they made no effort to crisp it at all.  It was so chewy I had to peel it off just to be able to eat the meat, which was now devoid of seasoning. The best thing about the entree was the mashed potatoes.Very very disappointing experience considering what I've come to expect from Hash House, which is big, well prepared portions of delicious food.
4	Portions are huge! Ordered a orange juice and was the size of a BIG GULP. The breakfast was above average. The menu had a nice variety of choices, and prices better then the buffet in the same hotel.
2	HUGE PORTIONS!! I had the sage chicken and waffles(I split w/my daughter), my son had the fried chicken benidict, and a kiwi watermelon lemonade. The lemonade was sooo good! I totally loved it. My entree on the other hand, was bland in regards to flavor, and a little greasy. I really expected more from this place with all the publicity that it gets, and its a little pricey $$. I wouldnt go back.
5	I have nothing negative to say about my most recent trip to Hash House, except that this food will give you a heart attack if you eat it on a regular basis - but it may just be worth it. Our waiter recommended the Sage Fried Chicken with biscuits and cream chipotle sauce - need I say more? We also shared the biscuits and gravy. The gravy had golf ball sized chunks of sausage in it!!! It was absolutely to die for. I ate it for breakfast, lunch & dinner that day and again the next day for breakfast & lunch & I STILL had left overs. Definitely worth the price for the amount of food you get. I will definitely be returning to Hash House!
3	We shared the chicken and waffles on a sunday afternoon for 20. - Fast seating! eat for 2? sit in a couple mins :)- chicken was crispy. tender. had glaze on it. to compare with BBQ chicken, best of the best quality, it tasted pretty similar. so for the 2 pieces at a high price.. ehh.. but in defense, you think of presentation and they got style! - comes with 4 waffles with bacon inside. bacon stays crispy. thick slice. only got one maple, service was too slow to ask for another. - I'm more about getting full (with good food) at a cheap price. If you like fancy plating and the novelty of being at such a popular restaurant, this place is for you. - beware of men's bathroom. with the big portions you get, one can imagine... -____-
5	I have been here quite a few times when I visit Vegas. This place is AWESOME!! Food price is very reasonable. I have tried different items every time and have yet to be disappointed. As well as there great customer service and prompt waiters.
5	Very  good service outstanding food.Off the strip
4	Portions are gi-normous so share!
4	Share a meal!!! The waiter told us the portions were big, so we shared. Good thing. If we hadn't, we would have over spent. I shared the chicken and waffles with one son, my husband shared a hash plate with another son, The two little ones ordered from the kids menu, and their pancakes were huge. The food was yum, plated nicely, and good. The kids really wanted to go here after seeing it on TV. Glad we did, next time we're in town we'll drop by again. Sad it wasn't there when my mom and dad in law lived a block away!
4	1. Huge portions- save a couple dollars and share a dish as the portions are quite large.  No need for appetizers. 2. Service - Our service last night was great. Compared to other places we have been of late, this was a refreshing change to have someone make sure your drinks never get empty.3. Price - That is the only reason I took off a star.  Their dinner entrees are in the low to mid $20's per plate.  I believe a lot of that is due to the portions though.  So if you share, the price isn't as bad.Overall, a good eatery with some very different menu items.  Worth going for something different.
5	Hung over and tired of all the buffets and expensive overrated eateries on The Strip? Well...Hash House a Go Go might just be what you're looking for! It's located off The Strip, but it's a great place for breakfast and brunch.I came here with a fairly large party and we were seated almost immediately. With a table full of foodies, we decided to order several dishes to share. This allowed us to try a little bit of everything, which was fantastic! Some of the dishes that we ordered included the following: HH Famous Meatloaf, Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, Corned Beef House Hash, Griddled French Toast, Roasted Pork Tenderloin, and Chicken and Waffles. My favorite was the Griddled French Toast; it was airy and fluffy, with a nice crisp at the edges. It included baked bananas drizzled with banana cinnamon cream and pecan maple syrup. The combination was absolutely orgasmic and I highly recommend it! Another dish that stood out was the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. The benedict came with sort of scrambled eggs, versus the typical poached egg that I am used to. It was different, but delicious. The chicken was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside and the sauce was unique and flavorful.The portions were humungous and very nicely presented. Their drinks are also a hit too--especially their kiwi watermelon lemonade and various mimosas! Our waitress was patient and courteous too, so don't forget to visit this place the next time you're in town!
3	This review is for the restaurant as a whole and not specifically this location. My friends and I were in town for a birthday and on the way back to California, we decided to stop by at the Hash House A GoGo that was at the M Resort. I've always wanted to try this place due to the fact that i'm an avid Man vs. Food watcher. THE FOOD: the portions are fairly big so i would recommend sharing unless you've got a big appetite and know you are able to consume that much food. I sure wish i had shared my dish with some else. what we ordered (all very good dishes btw cause we tried each others dish):  - Farm Benedict: House smoked salmon w/ fresh asparagus, sundried tomatoes, chili cream and two basted eggs - The Basic: Two egg breakfast any style, potatoes, fruit and biscuit (add bacon, sausage or ham) - French Toast: Griddled french toast dipped in banana cinnamon cream w/ pecan maple syrup - Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit  - Famous One Pound Stuffed Burger: Hardwood smoked bacon, avocado & cheddarI thought that the food was pretty rich in the sauces and quite heavy. I'm not much of a breakfast eater but i did enjoy my meal here. Although i did have to take a good amount of it to go. PRICES: each dish is about 15 dollars ( unless you get the basic breakfast/brunch dishes, which are about 9 dollars) It isn't too bad as compared to the rest of the prices from restaurants on the strip in Vegas.  SERVICE: I have to rate the service at the M Resort location to be a 2.5. Our server/waiter was one of those who you could just tell hated his job and as a result it showed in his performance and the service that was provide to my party of 8 was not that great. He even dropped a fork on my friend as he was clearing the table and said "shit man i'm sorry" in my opinion, that is very unprofessional. from my work experience i know the importance of excellent customer service and i definitely did not feel it here. BUT the food was pretty good and I was in good company so i was willing to over look that slight annoyance OVERALL. i recommend you all to try it at least once. :) Check out the photos i posted too to see the dishes that my table ordered!
5	I never had Chicken & waffle. So me & my husband decided to order it & we were so happy that we did because it was delicious. We went there on our vacation & we had to go there again before we went back home it was worth it.
1	No so fast yelpers.  I have lived in Las Vegas for many years and have passed this place several times.  I was excited to kind of try it for the review were great! We tried the location on Sahara, were excited to see the watermelon drinks, colorful, looked great and couldnt wait.  $$$ this place is expense for what you get and not very tasty either.  I was excited about chicken and waffles they looked so good. My husband ordered the hamburger, and it was horrible.  So, So disappointed!  Oh yeah and the waiter we had was horrible, drinks were empty never offer a refill, and the food took over an hour to prepare.....  When I advised the manager of the issues, she comped our iced tea... The bill for 2 was over 43.00!  For lunch that is a little much.
3	I've been reading reviews about this place's amazing food so just had to go try it out .   Wasn't sure whether to go for breakfast or dinner but ended up there for dinner due to poor lack of planning and we only had one more day in Vegas.   We arrived at 7 pm and there  was only a few people in the restaurant.  We were immediately sat down and a nice waitress came over to help.   I ordered one of those kiwi watermelon lemonades spiked.   Very good but not enough liquor!!  Got a chicken sandwich with the recommendation of the bacon cheese mashed potatoes by the waitress.  I asked for the mayonnaise on the side since I wasn't sure how much they would slather on.   Husband ordered the chicken pot pie which the waitress warned came with a cracker style crust.   Food came out very quick and had a dramatic presentation.   Thought the sage fried chicken on the sandwich was soggy and rather bland.   Also the cheese on top of the potatoes was microwaved to the point of being hard.  Peeled it off and the potatoes underneath were fine.  I ate a better part of it and the waitress said I did a great job! Husband thought the chicken pot pie was different but good.  I think I will try this place for breakfast next time I go and see if the food is any better. Wonderful service though!
1	I'm amazed that this place gets the reviews it gets.  I'm suspect of any place who's claim to fame is giving you more food than you can possibly eat.  This place is a grosser version of Claim Jumper.  I fell victim to the hype of the chicken and waffles.  Yes, it was huge. And yes, it had a tree branch sticking out of the top of it. But the most memorable thing about it was the taste.  The chicken tasted like dirty old grease.  When a customer takes a bite or two of a dish and then leaves the rest to be thrown away, shouldn't that send up a red flag that there is something wrong?  Me thinks there is tons of food being thrown in the garbage at this place which makes me dislike it all the more.
3	Pretty damn delicious food, pretty terrible service.First the good news...Food was excellent. Huge portions, so be prepared to doggy bag it, waste it, or share it.  Our party of 6 girls split the chicken and waffles, blackberry granola pancake, and chorizo hash.  The chicken was flavorful and crispy, and made up for the terrible fried chicken I had at the Wicked Spoon buffet the day before. The chorizo hash was cheesy, spicy, and yummy.  The granola pancakes were great as well. Now the bad news...it took us about an hour just to get our food, and our waiter was a little too pushy on trying to make us order more food. We were fully prepared to just split two entrees, but he claimed we really needed three. When we asked if we could put in the order for the two entrees and think about the third, he flat out refused and said he'd come back. He asserted that because of the crowded restaurant, our order would throw off the course of the meal since everything is made to order (like every other damn restaurant).  We were considering getting a salad, which I highly doubt would throw off the delicate timing of the food. At any rate we wouldn't eat for a long while anyway. We did let ourselves be guilt-tripped into buying the pancakes, as we were hungry. It also took about 10 minutes to pay the bill.I'd definitely go back with a big group to order some food, but I hope I wouldn't have the same experience of being pushed around.
3	Food was good, but not great.  Portions were big, which I expected, but you pay for it (it's a little expensive).  Wish I had thought ahead and split an order.  It was nice, but I guess I expected more.
5	Wait is long, but worth it usually! They put rosemary on everything, a little over bearing but that's ok. Dinner service gives free muffin bread thins, I could get 45 if they'd let me! I love the breakfast and the dinner. I wish they never closed!
1	Skip it!!  I have come twice, the first time was bad but I assumed it was an off day... Today was worse!! The food was horrible!! It took 20 minutes just to get our drinks by the server had no idea which beers were in stock. My salad had black avocado and the server thought that was normal. I won't be back.
2	Was kinda disappointed, but will give it another try. The wife and I went late on a Saturday for dinner. We walked in and the place was empty at 915pm. Okay it was closing in 45 minutes, but was very surprised. We were seriously the only ones in there, maybe it's more of a breakfast place. We were greeted by the hostess who was very sweet and pleasant. She showed us to the table and made some recommendations since I had announced it was our first time there. I knew the portions were going to be huge so no appetizers for us. We looked at the menu briefly since we kinda knew from the website menu what we wanted. I ordered the chicken and bacon waffle tower, the wife had the chik pot pie. Both were huge. The potpie comes in what looks like a crust hat. The chikn waffles is built like a tower. The presentation was vey good, but the food in my opinion didn't live up to the hype. The fried chicken was somewhat dry, bland and greasy with a slight sage taste. The waffles on the other hnd were the best part... The bacon inside were crisp. I really didn't like the mound of fried leeks that everything was plated on. I think that's sort of what turned me off to the whole meal. I mean you have the sweet and savory combination of waffles, maple syrup and fried chicken, and then get hit with a bit of onion taste... Very off putting. The potpie was different than usual which is fine. I can't really comment on the taste but it was made with real nice chicken pieces and huge chopped veggies and potatoes. The wife liked it but stated not to expect the typical c.p.p. Bad news... The dessert. We had a Restaurant.com coupon to use so we needed to hit $50 on the tab. We ordered a snickers bread pudding. It comes out with ice cream on top which didn't taste like ice cream, but more like ice milk. It was not velvety smooth and silky but weird. I asked the waitress if it was supposed to be ice cream she said yes... Okay. Then we get into the bread pudding... It wasn't bread pudding at all. It was chocolate cake dipped in some egg wash maybe and I don't know...cooked somehow... I think it was microwaved because I hit a nice frozen section on the bottom. I asked the waitress if it was frozen, she said yes. She then looked at me blankly... I looked at her blankly. My wife said its okay we can't finish it anyways.I will, call me crazy give it another shot for breakfast, maybe try the Benedict. Again just to be clear... I believe it is way overhyped so if u go, use a restaurant.com coupon, and don't expect great food. The waffles were decent and my wife liked the potpie.
5	Somehow, this location seems way better than the one in Imperial Palace. Maybe because the latter's inside one of the shittiest casinos still around. At either spot, you're going to wait a bit, but it's worth it. Hash House A Go Go is a spot for honest, heavy food, and gigantic portions. If you finish your meal, which you shouldn't if you give a shit about your body, you're going to want to shit your pants immediately. The food comes out quickly, the service is attentive and friendly, and yeah, the so-much-heavy-food-you'll-shit-your-pants thing. I feel like I'd have way more fun at this place if I was Elton John. I have NO clue why. It just seems like a I'd-like-to-be-Elton-John-for-one-day-but-not-the-gay-stuff kind of joint.
5	My husband and I love going there! It's such a great atmosphere, and the service is amazing. There food always makes for fun pictures :) Whenever friends come to Vegas we always tell them to go to Hash house!
5	Amazing!!! The salmon scramble is delicious!!! Huge portions though, I suggest sharing.
4	We came to Vegas and needed a place to eat off the strip much cheaper then strip prices.I checked to see If Diner, Drive Ins, and Dives came here and Guy did. So I read reviews and pick Hash House A Go Go. It was around 11 AM Saturday we went for brunch very busy about a 20 min wait. Not bad. This place was nice casual restaurant. The food was Hash which are skillet fried potatoes and you pick what topping you want. I had the HH Famous Meatloaf, roasted red peppers, fresh spinach and smoked mozzarella not bad the meatloaf was not my favorite. The plates also came with 2 eggs, and a big biscuit. Very large portions did not eat it all. My partner had Corned Beef, red onions and swiss cheese that was very good the corned beef was great. Also very large serving. They are also big on waffle and chicken I saw that order being served a lot. It is a very large order so share that with 2 people.This place has other locations in other cities I hope the come to Dallas area one day.
3	Coming to Las Vegas, you just have to go off strip. There are so many interesting places you can find outside of the overly hyped and overly priced brand name famous restaurants on Las Vegas Blvd.This is one of them!Portions here are HUGE!!!!! I MEAN HUGEEEE!!bring lots of friends so you can try more than one dish at a time. A must try!
5	If you like Texas sized portions (teehee) like I do... then this place is for you! My girlfriend is from the Vegas area and said she had been wanting to try this for quite some time. One of my initial positives was the fact that you can order breakfast, lunch, or dinner no matter what time of the day. As I am NOT a morning gal and was craving breakfast... this turned out to be a perfect option. As we approached the building, there is outdoor seating available including the misting machines to cool you down, which I find funny in contrast since I am from CA where outdoor patio seating has heaters, hehe. Upon entering, we were greeted by the front desk girl who was very prompt in not only welcoming but finding us a seat. I am quite picky on customer service... so far, so good...Menus and water were brought out promptly. After a brief moment to look over food options, Jackson introduced himself and was very welcoming. He offered awesome recommendations, his personal faves, and any dietary limitations. For my order, I went withVanilla waffle"over hard" eggsCrispy potatoesAll made delicious! the eggs were just made perfectly fluffy, and crisp enough just delicious. I don't usually like left overs but ate the waffle like a day or so later and it still tasted like perfection. and the potatoes were made deliciously crispy right down to the last bite. It was one of the last things we both nom nom'd on. For anyone wanting to be creative there's even a bacon waffle available. You also can't go wrong when both the guys from Man vs. Food & Guy from Diner, drive ins, and dives have both eaten here. Check it out! There's something for everyone. Plenty of seating also for children and large groups.
5	Driving through Vegas we decided to stop in based on all that we had seen on those numerous food shows. Sometimes, I don't get what these guys see in the food but this time it was money! Even at 11 am when we showed up it was packed with a wait of about 40 minutes. My son had the snickers pancakes and I had the french toast. Both of us were completely satisfied and stuffed when we left. My french toast was sooo good! The bread was thick and then dipped in a banana cinnamon cream with a camelized banana on top. The food was so good that we continued to talk about how that meal was one of the highlights of the trip (seriously, there's not much else in Nevada, southern Utah, eastern Colorado, and all of Kansas). We were so stoked on the food that we plan to visit the restaurant in San Diego soon. Next up... to try one of the hash dishes!The service was outstanding even with the long wait. They made sure our order was served up quickly. Loved it and can't wait to go back.
5	Excellent food and service.  Portions can easily be shared.  If you like corned beef hash, this is the place!  This store is their only one off the Strip, so it had a slower pace than I would assume of the Strip locations.
2	Lame.Decided to try this place based upon other reviews and the portion sizes are indeed big, however the quality of the food is sadly lacking.  I got the hash with roasted rosemary chicken.  I asked the waitress what type of chicken it came with since I only eat breast meat and she said it was all breast.  Well I got the food and it was mostly breast but there were quite a few pieces of thigh in there.  Not a huge deal as it is too much food anyway but the chicken was so dry that I needed a drink of water after each bite.Who cares if the portions are big if the food sucks?  I won't be going back there again.
4	Came here for a birthday breakfast after a recommendation from a friend.  I'm glad we came here.  We ordered the fried chicken eggs and the roasted chicken benedict.  The portions were huge!  We definitely could not finish in one sitting.  Our meals were delicious.  The chicken was not too dry and seasoned well (not too salty, which is a common downfall).  I really liked the fact that they had tangerine juice!  yum!  Because it was a birthday breakfast, I had to ask if they would give us a free dessert, which they didn't.  However, we were able to get a candle on the birthday girl's order.  That was nice.  The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was casual and perfect for families and larger parties.
5	People aren't kidding when they talk about the portion sizes. Hash House A Go Go, you are just fascinating!We came here on a Wednesday morning for breakfast. The wait wasn't too bad. It took about ten minutes for them to give us a table for two. We enter the restaurant. Hrm, it was a bit loud. My girlfriend and I could not take our eyes off the plates being served as we walked in. Patrons around us were gorging on gargantuan plates, while a few packed lots of leftovers into to-go boxes. We decided to share a plate.We ordered Andy's Sage Fried Chicken. We got the option with a biscuit, two pieces of chicken, two eggs, two slices of bacon, and mashed potatoes. The food didn't take too long to come out. But it would have been worth the wait. The dish looked divine!There was a huge rosemary stem sticking out of the mashed potatoes. The scent was deliciously fragrant. The chicken was seasoned very well. It was a bit sweet! My stomach is craving for more as I write this :[ ahh. The biscuit was good, and the mashed potatoes.. oh myy, there was just so much. Even though we shared the dish, we could not finish it. We were too full. Oi.Be warned that it's no joke when people say that the plates are huge. Be mindful of your order and don't let your eyes deceive you. Your stomach will hate you for it when you're wolfing down the rest of your meal. Hash House is a win for me.
4	Although the waitress seemed anxious to get orders (there were 11 of us), we took our time placing our orders because the choices were overwhelmingly delicious. Truly worth your while coming here but do come hungry because the portions are HUGE!
1	Honestly this place is overhyped. I got Andy's sage fried chicken with mashed potatoes,eggs,biscuit, and bacon. My food had no flavor whatsoever. I don't like my food too salty but this was just too bland. The only thing I probably finished was the bacon and biscuit lol. The wait service is excellent the food is just not up my alley.
5	So, consider this My Big Fat First Official Las Vegas Yelp Review since moving here to Sin City.  My partner, Bear, strongly recommended this place after having lunch here with his cousin, who's a 'local'.  And I can see why...HHAGG takes their "twisted farm-fresh" sensibility really seriously, all the way down to the rust-covered "Green Acres"-era tractor perched out front near the parking lot. But all else you could notice about the place - even the Wall of Fame at the entrance, that contains the autographed photos of dozens of celebrity past-diners - falls away once the food takes front-and-center stage.  It is no surprise that MAN VS. FOOD's Adam Richman considers this one of his all-time favorite places to eat.  The portions are HUGE.  And I mean so big, even ravenous farmhands just in from a full day in the fields might have to step off a bit. Our friendly, animated waiter warned us away from having individual side orders of fries with our sandwiches, having us opt instead to share just one order between us. WISE call.  The Stuffed One-Pound Burger that I had (with the incredible applewood- smoked bacon and melted cheddar), was cooked to perfection, but more like a TWO-pounder than just a single.  And I was HUNGRY.  If you are gorge-a-phobic, I would strongly suggest that you bring a friend, order one entree and split it.  Uhh, actually, you might even want to make it a couple of friends....The amazing thing here, though, is that the food doesn't sacrifice the quality for the quantity, which is nothing short of amazing. I do plan on coming back and trying more of the scrumptious-looking items on the menu...just probably not until Thanksgiving!
5	Come hungry; in fact come starving and be prepared; you will still have a doggy bag to take home; I had some visitors on my last trip and they were leaving that night and I recommended they look at the menu decided what they both wanted to eat and pick one thing to share; he is a normal eater and she was a few months pregnant and starving and they shared the Chicken Pot Pie and couldn't finish more than half of the meal. I ordered the same thing and ended up having it for leftovers for three straight days; all their meals are super huge and super tasty.  Get there early or try to avoid lunch/dinner time as the wait can be close to an hour.  For out of towners this is a meal they will be talking about for years and when it is on TV as part of Man V food or Best Places to eat they will be able to point at the screen and proclaim I've been there and it was the most wonderful meal I've ever had!
4	This is definitely a spot in Las Vegas to come to if you're looking for a famous restaurant that sells quality food that is presented well. I almost want to say that even if you don't have a car in Vegas, it's worth getting a taxi out here even though it might be like $30 to get here. Since I had a car on my last trip, I dropped by here. I'm pretty sure this place gets a lot more attention and fame since Man Vs. Food came here.I ordered the "Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit" and the "Kiwi Watermelon drink." The presentation was amazing and I would recommend getting it especially if you're into Chicken & Waffles. Personally, I am not into that combination but I wanted to try it anyway because of all the recommendations. I don't think anyone puts bacon in the waffle--interesting. I sort of wish I got something else after seeing other peoples' dishes but I still enjoyed what I got.The service was amazing and the atmosphere was lively. I would come back for sure but maybe at a different location to see how different they all are. I think that this one is the main location. Since it's not on the strip, the street isn't that busy and parking isn't impossible.
3	Worth the wait! The food was amazing... Our waiter did magic tricks while we waited for our food. Great experience... I will definitely eat here again.
2	We were looking at this place everyday and planing to try for the breakfast and, finally we get in to the place. nice staff and quick service got our attention. we had great tasting coffee and we took a order and i tried the chicken hash which is the most popular  consider to the waiter. Plates are pretty big and the bread is so hard and cant even taste that. all the food has no taste at all. i was surprised and add some hot souse and pepper and salt to  make my taste bud happier,. bad luck!!! i didnt like the food at all. i can't say anything good about food and we just had BLAH! breakfast. I still top the Black Bear Dinner is the best breakfast so far!!
5	The experience  itself is worth more than 5 stars, let alone the extravagant, picture perfect, work-of-art food. Plate by plate files by you of simply gorgeously displayed craftsmanship on a plate. Does it match up to the visual when it comes down to taste? You betcha! And beyond. A towering stack of waffles and sagely spiced fried chicken, mounded with fried leeks (Do I eat leeks? I do now!!!). Added an order of scrambled eggs, which it seems silly to say but they were truly the best prepared I can remember. The two of us shared the waffle creation and had more than enough food. The second Saturday of the month apparently they have this rousing DJ that sets everybody rocking to breakfast. Fun, inventive, artistic food with an attitude and a joint making a statement of swinging for the fences. Loved the experiance and the food!
3	Everytime I go there's a huge line so I know it's always packed especially Fri-Sun when there are tourists as well. I asked the waitress for whatever she recommends. It came, I ate just a bit and it wasn't all that. It's a cool environment but it's greasy as hell. It's like a kfc but nicer place with cooler attire and ofcourse a bit pricier. It's nothing to go out of your way. I would say try it but don't make it a habbit. Wasn't too fond of the greasiness factor.
5	Came here one vegas morning, but I am going to keep this short because it can be described in just two words "Big" and "Flavorful". Got the typical Man vs Food Favorite "Fried Chicken Benedict" man that thing was huge. I actually finished it which was amazing (because it was early in the morning and I am not a big eater in the morning).
5	I've been to Hash House many times and they never disappoint me. The food is one of a kind. U definitely need to be starving to really enjoy this place, the plates are frkn enormous. The tower of waffles and friend chicken is amazing, definitely one of my favorites! This is a must if you are in Vegas...
5	This is the second year I have celebrated my birthday at Hash House. LOL I wish I would have seen my free dinner email BEFORE I went! I went with a group of 5 woman. We all ordered different things. Last year I had ordered the meatloaf, and it was to die for! This year I ordered fried pork. I LOVED it. Not everyone liked the sweet sauce on it. I think all of the chicken dishes were ok, but not FABU. I still stand by that the garlic mashed potatoes are THE best potatoes I have ever had. We had fried green tomatoes and hot spinach salad  which I think was my favorite things this year. Sooooo good. And yes it is a lot of different flavors, but be adventurous and give it a try!
4	FRIED CHICKEN AND WAFFLES!!!! After seeing this impressive looking dish in many of my friend's Vegas albums, I had to try it for myself. Surprisingly the star of the plate is the fluffy WAFFLES (5 of them to be exact) each of which has a few strips of bacon BAKED IN! Whoever thought of that is a culinary genius. The chicken itself is good but the batter could actually use more seasoning or some form of Louisiana/Crystal hot sauce to complement it. The crispy leeks are amazing though and I would definitely ask for extra because they are so flavorful. Portions are ridiculous, in a good way. Could easily share a plate of chicken and waffles with someone else. Though I did see a guy down the entire plate like a champ one table over. I however had extra bacon waffles for the next two days.. no complaints there :)
4	This location offers plenty of Parking located in a major parking lot. The servers greeted upon entering the door. After never visiting before the server seated us and took the time to advise on local favorites and specials. After the food was ordered which consists of burgers and breakfast options, the food arrived. I ordered a stack of pancakes and let me say they were huge! If your hungry and you want something under $10 that will fill you then come here! I did and left full. However, once the food arrived to the table the customer went down hill. Server did not visit table frequently and she failed to offer me more water until I asked for more. Rating is based on good price, large food portions. Not so much for customer service which was below average.
5	Quick tip, if there is a long line (and I'm sure there will still be a line all hours of the day) head over to the bar to any open seat.  Went in with a group of 3 at 11:30AM on a saturday morning and the hostess said the wait would be 20min.  Fortunately for us, the wait was only 10min was seated at the "reserved" tables in the bar.  Sweet.Hash House - Fresh Mushroom, artichoke hearts, sundried tomato and fresh spinach (check out the picture)The eggs were perfectly fluffy and moist, just like the potatoes with a crispy skin.  Make sure to try the seasonal jam, right now it's peach season so unequivocally, home made peach jam!  Call me ghetto, but I think KFC has the best biscuit.  Growing up in socal, my soul food experience is limited, but hash house's biscuit was just as good, especially with the home made jam.
5	Just had to try this place after a ton of awesome reviews.  We went for a late lunch around 2pm on Sunday.  So glad we did because previous reviews have said how crowded it could get.  The ambiance is super fun (staff dressed in Halloween costumes and live DJ).  The music was bumping and the food is truly out of this world.  Not to mention the portions are HUGE!  PLan to take some home...left overs are delicious too.  Thanks for a wonderful dining experience!  Can't wait to bring friends/family here!
5	Wonderful for the portions and prices!Delicious biscuits and gravy.
4	Huge portions at $15 a pop. You can be romantic and frugal by sharing one of these babies. Your wallet and tummy will thank you.
2	i went to this place because of the great reviews, but honestly, my eggs benedict was among the most disgusting plates of food ever had in a restaurant. it was 5lbs of bland slop, and the grotesque portion size was as offputting as the lack of flavor. i was later envious when i walked through the restaurant and saw some very nice looking waffles. i guess maybe do the same before ordering. half the size and double the quality please!
5	This place definitely doesn't mesh with my goal of losing a few pounds!  The serving sizes are ginormous!  The food combinations are interesting and unexpectedly wonderful.  I never know what to order so I've made a habit of asking the server to suprise me with whatever their favorite dish is and I've never been disappointed.  Speaking of the servers...always friendly, always helpful, always quick and attentive, always knowledgeable.  I'm a fan for sure.
3	What more can be said about this place that hasn't been beaten to death already? It's a good breakfast place with a mix of novelty in there. Of course, at a fairly high price. So, I'll just say this: if you have relatives in town, especially from another country (even Canada!), take them here immediately. They will have every American stereotype immediately reinforced in the most awesome of ways.
3	food was amazing and more than enough for 1 person.  It was delish!!!
2	Quantity...not quality seems to be the mantra at Hash House A Go Go, and I really can't get on board with that. After a short wait of approximately 25 minutes, my wife and I were seated in the bar area. This location is HUGE with lots of space, and every inch is needed since it gets really busy. The bar area was fine for dining, but the music was a bit too loud for a Saturday morning; I'm usually not one to complain about loud music, but I honestly couldn't hear my wife who was sitting two feet away from me over the blaring music. The service was pretty decent and our waitress was prompt and attentive considering how busy she was. The folks at Hash House A Go Go definitely have character (and dress up as various characters like Wonder Woman and Superman), but also do their jobs well. The service gets 4 stars, but I cannot justify giving this place a thumbs up because their food is underwhelming. The food runner needed both arms and a lot of strength to deliver our meatloaf hash. The meatloaf hash along with the chicken and waffles were enough to feed to a family of four...but we both gave it the old college try and dug right in. The chicken and waffles were big, but only in quantity; they certainly were not big in either flavor or taste. Putting two whole chicken breasts and mixing bacon into the waffles sounds nice in theory, but the execution here is poor. The meatloaf hash didn't fare much better, as it tasted like what I would imagine soylent green to taste like; just a blob of flavorless food once you put together all the components. Considering Vegas is a city with some of the world's finest dining, the food here is the exact opposite of that. Lacking in any sort of complexity, the only reason I would ever go back here is to load up on carbs and salty ass food after a hard night of drinking.
3	Tried this place only because I heard it was popular. After I started seeing the food I realized why. The portions are gigantic, almost jokingly so. It sounds like quantity over quality but the food taste was decent. We ordered:Salmon hash - salmon and veggies over a mountain of mashed potatoesvegetarian quesadilla - huge quesadilla with spicy sauce on topsage fried chicken - fried chicken covered in a layer of melted cheese, on top of open biscuits, on top of a mountain of mashed potatoesIt wasn't the best breakfast food I ever had, but maybe a little better than average. We enjoyed the novelty of such ridiculous portion sizes, but this isn't somewhere I could be a regular of, it would ruin anyone's diet. I think they have normal breakfast options on their menu as well, but as a first time, we had to try the popular stuff.
3	ummmm.. we shoulda gone to the bellagio buffett for breakfast !why did i allow  tv shows & online publications to sway my initial desire to bury myself in a luxury hotel's highly regarded buffet ?ugggghhhhhhhso 20-25 min wait (on  a wed late morning) & we each have an egg dish (bacon  eggs overmedium fruit ) & we share a small biscuits & gravy.well the b&g were good (we've had better) & the egg dishes i can make at home w/ my eyes closed & 1 hand tied behind my back!the menu is too much,the sage fried chicken sounds not good (sage overload? im  a simple gal)& frankly, this is more like a hangover type of place ... not too pricey but certainly not cheap for the medicore brekky we had!
3	I always expect Hash House to be excellent, and I am usually disappointed. It is really good, portios are fresh and humungous, just not quite the joy I expect. Except for the Banana French Toast. THAT is some good stuff. Looking back, I guess it isn't that the food isn't great, it's that the sevice is ok and the prices are really high. Confused now? Go try it. Let me know.
4	Came here for breakfast about two winters ago and I can still taste their humongous french toast in my mouth. I also tried the famous Hash House's version of fried chicken and waffle and enjoyed it but me being the breakfast fan, I gotta say I loved my french toast more. This place is really good for any occasion, a date, a friends night out, a sunday family brunch, you name it. The food is plated well and given in generous portions so you can always share if you're interested in your peers dishes.
4	everything here is fantastic! Huge portions hard for me to try much....
3	huge helpings, but i felt like i expected better quality.  felt kind of sick afterwards.
4	Yes...this place is located in the Imperial Palace, which I think we can all agree is a giant petri dish of cigarette smoke and whiskey stains.  But, you can rest assured that Hash House is worth wading through the musty, humid, depressing I-Palace.I have seen a few reviews that say you may wait in line before you can get a table at this place, but my husband and I did not have that issue.  We went during the late afternoon/early evening and got right in.The wait staff is friendly and attentive.  After placing your order you receive a complimentary order of home made biscuits....did you catch that?  Let me say that again...After placing your order you receive a COMPLIMENTARY ORDER of HOME MADE BISCUITS!!  I was like Whaaat?!?!  :DTrust me, they melt in your mouth!I highly recommend ordering the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles.  That was literally the best fried chicken, and the best waffles I have ever eaten.  Everything was cooked to perfection.  The chicken is just the right texture of brown and crispy.  The waffles were cooked long enough to where you had that ever so slight "crunch" when you bit into them, but the insides were warm and soft.  I should also mention that the waffles had ribbons of crispy bacon baked right into them!  I am not talking about the semi-cooked soggy bacon that most places sling on your plate in a lazy stupor.  (You know what I am talking about...the kind where you KNOW it's not cooked all the way).  That bacon CRUNCHES when you bite into your waffle!Hands down this place is wonderful.  I literally dragged my husband through the sick, sad casino to get a load of this place.  It was well worth it.  This place is likely rocking around 2am-6am when people are just leaving the bars, so if you go late at night, be prepared to wait.  If you go during the daytime, you will likely have better luck.  Regardless of what time you decide to go, make sure you stop by this place, you will NOT regret it!The only reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5?  You guessed it.  It's in the Imperial Palace.
5	Always Delish. Great food choices and a fair price. love the BBBLT!
5	I went here for my birthday great food...  so so service went to the one at the "M" resort.
2	Food was fine. Service was passable. I just have a problem with their policies. Maybe just one policy, actually. Prior to my trip to Las Vegas, I was excited to plan a meal at HH-a-GG. I was more excited to find a restaurant.com deal available. At our first opportunity, we made our way to the Hash House. Mid-afternoon, easy parking, no crowd...perfect! We went in and placed our orders, presenting the gift certificate at that time. Beverages were delivered and we were expecting our food when the waitress announced that they wouldn't honor our gift certificate because it was a holiday. Raise your hand if you have Columbus Day off. Thank you, Postal Workers! Now, it was a little late to mention this, but I let it pass. We were hungry! The coupon thing riled me a bit, but later in the vacation, we made our way back HH-a-GG thinking to redeem that sucker after all. It seems our timing was off once again. In Las Vegas, there are no designated times for anything. Except maybe at this place. We'd just missed what they considered the lunch portion of the day, so we were only presented with the dinner menu. At least they were quick to point out that the fine print on the coupon said "breakfast or lunch." I asked about the "Late Breakfast" section on the dinner menu. No Dice!As I mentioned, the food was fine, so they get one of their two stars for that. The other is for having Arrogant Bastard Ale. I could easily have had a five-star experience here if not for their steadfast refusal to honor a freakin' ten dollar discount. Was it going to kill them? Is Columbus Day even a holiday in Nevada? It is not. School is in, state offices are open and Hash House a Go-Go is not that stinkin' busy. Next time I'm in town, I'm going to get another coupon, carefully check the dates and bus in 20 homeless people for coffee.
4	What a great place eat!! Plenty to choose from and there are always leftovers. The biscuits are brought out with butter and only. Still warm and ooohhh so good. After changing my mind too many times to count I went with the meatloaf sandwich. What a great choice. Meatloaf was tasty and had sauce and mozzarella. The horseradish mashed were a great side to this dish. I had a bite of my wife's burger that had mashed potatoes between two buns and that was different for sure but still good. So much food so do not be scared by the prices.
2	Service was good. Really expensive for breakfast. Didn't like my order much. It was something with salmon in a skillet. I like the the atmosphere though but wouldn't come again.
1	Food portions are huge and tasteless. I've been twice and felt the same both times. And they really really love SAGE for some reason!!!!! Also not cheap to boot. A $40.00 breakfast    For two? Not including tip?! If you serve lots and lots of glop, it's still just glop. Go elsewhere and save your wallet and your waistline.
2	I understand why people like this place.  Their portions are huge and the plate presentations are pretty cool. They almost always have a long wait which takes away from the quality of service.  Plus, their food is greasy and not very fresh tasting.  They also don't have good healthy options on their menu.However, I'm sure most people who are going out to eat in Las Vegas aren't looking for healthy meals so I get why people flock to this spot.
5	If I had the time I'd come here every week for the flapjacks - so far I've only tried two, the Apple Cinnamon, which I could eat everyday and the Snickers - I was indulging my sweet tooth to the max that day, but it was way too sweet for me and I like my dessert pretty sweet. I'll just stick to the Apple Cinnamon for now, but proportions here are huge, I usually like to share anything else that I get, usually their skillets which are very delicious too.
5	Very good food, good service had breakfast two times this last weekend. Highly recommended
5	FOOD:  Had the corned beef hash which was amazing.  Came with a huge mound of biscuit that was served with a peach jam/marmalade.  My husband and I ate every morsel, as filling as it was.  Now, my husband also decided to try the banana brown sugar pancake.  It's one pancake the size of your head, if you have a giant head.  We couldn't finish but it was so tasty, didn't need any syrup.ATMOSPHERE:  We came on Sat morning so it was packed.  We had a flight to catch and caught a break and were able to sit at the bar.  Amazing how many bloody marys, mimosas and beer are served at 930am!SERVICE:  Bartenders were very attentive and helpful despite the place being sooooo busy!GREAT PLACE FOR BREAKFAST!!!  I see why it's a must visit when in Vegas.
4	I liked this place for the food, the ambiance, and the sassy waitress!She was giving me guff the whole time and my family was loving it.I joked about speaking to her manager and she literally brought him over!Gave her a decent tip just for that ;)I had the biscuit and gravy with eggs. ALso the bread pudding with ice cream. DECADENT! You were warned. This thing is loaded with sugar. I obviously shared, but still I could not finish before the trip was over :P
4	Love the food and love the atmosphere(M location is my fav.)  During our last visit, admittedly on a Saturday, the service was less than stellar.  Not usually an issue, but something to consider if visiting on the weekend.  Otherwise what is not to like!
3	To be honest, when I go here, I always order the same thing: The hash house quesadilla. This dish can feed two people! The restaurants known for big portions. Their sauce & toppings inside the quesadilla is just so satisfying.  Add some tabasco & your breakfast is complete. Their servers are tatted up & also express themselves through friendly conversations. However, I dont recommend their chicken & waffles or going to the Imperial Palace location. Hash house offers alcoholic drinks & plenty room for your group, so why not try this featured Food Network joint?
5	So delicious I went 2 days in a row! I will go every time I go to Vegas now. I got the chicken and waffles, wow they were great! The cinnamon roll espresso was like a desert. The 2nd day I had a blackberry/granola pancake bigger than my head! Let's just say the food and portions are a nice treaty at the price I don't feel guilty leaving food on my plate. Recommend this as a hot spot!
4	So I went to the Reno Hash House for the first time on my birthday.  The food was great, as always.  However, the vibe was decidely Reno, which does not seem to go well with what every other location is like.  For this, the Reno HHAGG only gets 4 starts.
4	Holy Mother of God the food is huge here!Maybe the cook is a GIANT and serves what he or she thinks is regular size portions...Come hungry or don't come at all.I'm not sure how anyone can finish a meal here. BELIEVE YOU ME, I eat a lot of food, and after about half a plate of this rich goodness I about wanted to puke so I can eat some more.The chicken and waffle tower was very delicious.The other chicken thing I had was tasty also..And the monster burger we shared was cooked perfectly. I loved the texture of the meat, not ground and smashed to taste like an over processed patty, it was just right.This is not gourmet food, this is stick to your love handles and double chin home cooking. Don't come expecting anything more than some good ole classic American lovin!I think this is a place to visit once in a while, or when you are feeling like becoming obese.With that said, I give it a 4 stars. The creator of this magic put a lot of thought and care into the good stuff and I definitely believe they deserve your business.
4	Came to Vegas and wanted to try something different other than buffetts. I tried this place and I have to say it was pretty good. The portions are huge, you might want to share. They have a variety of food, and also specialty drinks. Overall everything was good.
4	Servings are HUGE, this is the place where i go to when i am starving. The pork ribs is mouthwatering and falls off the bone. We tried almost everything in this restaurant and they're all good. On your next Vegas trip, make sure to visit. It's at M casino off the strip. U definitely won't regret it. My husband celebrated his birthday there last year and our server is amazing, he knows his stuff and extremely good in recommending dishes.
4	Great big breakfast/brunch/hangover/binge restaurant. First off their drink selection is pretty amazing for Mimosa type beverages and bloody Mary's and alcoholic coffee drinks.  We orderd of course the sage fried chicken Benedict..l amazing as expected.. Great chipotle cream gravy and biscuits and juicy chicken. Now I was actually not really happy with what I ordered... Wish I would have ordered something else judging from everyone else's food around me. I got a scramble with smoked salmon and cream cheese and it was just like a mushy blob and actually kinda small portion.... Tasted like something I'd whip up with leftover salmon/lox at home.  We sat at the "bar" on high top tables which was fine and way better than waiting.Can't wait to go back to try a different Benedict Nd have another great breakfast cocktail!
4	i go here a couple times a year for their HUGE breakfast dishes.  they have great chicken and waffles, their homemade biscuits are delicious, eggs benedict 4 different ways, all great.  Dinner  and lunch are great as well.  Once, i got the BLT and it was as big as my head.
5	Service was great, our waiter was very informative and had excellent recommendations.  I ordered the pan-seared chicken penne pasta and it was so savory.  The waiter recommended the bloody mary and it came out strong, rich and spicy.  I was impressed and nicely buzzed.    The size of the portions are extreme, but the quality of the food is stellar all the way through.
4	Huge portions, way too much to eat.
2	Sage Fried Chicken = Dried fried chicken breast. Maybe I ate it without going through a heavy night of drinking first. I couldn't really eat this dry chicken w/o some additional maple syrup. However, it vastly improves once moisture is added. The extra sage leaves they give you adds a lot more flavor punch.You can get the Sage Fried Chicken in a pasta, with waffles, on salad, and in a sandwich.
4	I have been here several times. I would like to see some pics of regular people on the walls with their menus :) Honestly I don't care that famous people have been here. The food is amazing. Come hungry and leave with a snack for later. The food is massive. The bloody marys are awesome and so are the mimosa's. I went there on Halloween and everyone was dressed up in fairy costumes with wings and all.. I love that!  Did I say the food was amazing....?
5	Good food, good portions, and a good staff. Defiantly coming back
4	I have been in Vegas for more than 6 years now, and I just got a chance to try this place. Was it worth the wait? Yeah--for the most part. If you are a big eater, this place is for you. The meals are big enough for two people to share -if you can both decide on just one dish. That is where my wife and I have trouble, since I like spicy food and she doesn't. I opted for the chorizo house hash with over-medium eggs. The food arrived in a large skillet filled with potatoes, chorizo, cheese, tomatoes, and onions. It also came with fruit on the side and a huge biscuit. I did my best to try and finish it, but failed. My coworker ordered the pork sandwich with fries (18 ounces of meat) - and barely put a dent in it. The menu has a lot of different options that sound really good. I also got a chance to see their chicken and waffles dish--that looked amazing. Next time! Our service was good. The waiter was knowledgeable about the menu, and kept our drinks filled. Inside, it kind of has a warehouse feel to it. Therefore, it was pretty loud in the restaurant during lunch time. I am a fan of this place, and look forward to trying something different next time.
1	big platters of tasteless food.
5	Great breakfast spot. There are known for their specialty bloody marys which I had to help with my hangover. I ordered the chorizo hash and it was tasty, large amount, and left me very full. My friend ordered the chicken and waffles and I had a bite of the chicken and that was amazing as well. Highly recommended for breakfast when in Vegas.
5	I couldn't ask for more for a breakfast place...i mean that literally. I had never been to this restaurant prior to this and had no clue that the portions were as big as they are. I went ravenous so I ordered the chicken and waffles AND the snicker pancake. I mistook the look my friends gave each other when I ordered as "she's really going to like this" when really it was "can't wait to see the look on this broad's face when she sees how HUGE everything is." My chicken and waffles were served to me on a serving platter. It was big. It was fluffy. THERE WAS BACON COOKED RIGHT INTO THE WAFFLE BATTER! And it's covered with this big, juicy, crispy-battered, fried chicken. And THAT'S covered with syrup! I'm eating...and I'm like....WTF IS GOING ON IN MY MOUTH? EVERYTHING!*calming down*The snicker pancake soon followed and I kid you not when I say this thing was the size of a pizza. One big, fluffy, melted snicker-encrusted piece of pure heaven. Between bites, my friends were shoving mounds of house-made strawberry preserves on toast down my throat. If ever I had to describe the taste of diabetes (diabeetus), this would have been it. My friends, diabeetus...tastes.....GREAT. Go to Hash House-a-Go Go. You won't regret it.
2	I heard so many great reviews about this restaurant from friends so I need to go.  My family and I went to a late breakfast on Monday morning.  The place was full.  My mom and I split the sun-dried tomato scramble and my dad got eggs and bacon.  The food was average. The potatoes were plain and had very little flavor.  The problem with this place was the service.  We saw our server a total of 4 times.  Once to take the drink order, food order, check on us after we were almost done, and to present the bill.  Our water glasses were empty the whole meal.  It wasn't till the end my mom had to flag someone else down to refill them.  I had only one cup of coffee since no one ever refilled it.  Our server passed are table several times without even checking on us.  Several times, we saw him chatting away with his coworkers in front of us.  He spent more time talking to them than to us.   This was not worth the drive or the money.  I know much better places to go to for breakfast.
4	Went here because I wanted to take my mom since I'd been to the one in San Diego and loved it. Got seated in about 20 minutes, which was pretty good considering how crowded they were and the fact that it was Black Friday. Our food came out pretty quickly and everything was good, though I will say that the location in San Diego was better. While the portions were really large for most places, they were much smaller than the SD location, though that's not a bad thing since there was no place to take leftovers for us and it feels a bit weird to eat a burger with a knife and fork because it's literally impossible to pick it up. Service was a bit slow, but not annoyingly so. I wouldn't be afraid to hit it up again the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	This review update is not for the actual restaurant, but for their Thanksgiving Dinner To-Go.Thanksgiving was held at my house this year.  Instead of spending X amount of hours preparing, cooking, and stressing, I chose to order my turkey from Hash House.  The food here is good so picking the Hash House was a no brainer. Hash House Thanksgiving Dinner (To-Go):  Cost $98.99.  -Deep Fried Turkey (8-10 lb):  My first deep fried turkey.  Initially thought it was small since I'm use to a 15+ pounder for Thanksgiving.  When it came down to it, it was enough to feed 9.  Turkey was good and surprisingly juicy.  Only issue, no leftovers.-Garlic Mashed Potatoes (32 oz):  Real stuff, non of that powder Idaho Spuds that you get in the box.  -Pumpkin Mashed Potatoes (32 oz):  Tested by most of us, but we didn't enjoy it as much as the Garlic Mashed Potatoes. My opinion, pumpkin dosen't mix well with traditional mashed potatoes. -Cornmeal Stuffing (40 oz):  My favorite during Thanksgiving has always been the stuffing.  Throw some gravy on it and it's perfect.  Huge servings. -Fresh Creamed Corn (16 oz):  So good and wish this was bigger.  Family killed it on the first round. -Buttermilk Biscuits:  6 huge pcs and I mean huge.  Biscuits on Steroids!!  -Snickers or Pumpkin Pie (6 pcs):  I chose the Snickers, which was a mistake.  Don't get me wrong, it was sweet and delish.  But pumpkin pie shouldn't be replaced during Thanksgiving.  My bad and ended up going to Smiths to get one.  Other trimmings that I didn't include was their baby carrots, cranberry sauce, strawberry jam, and gravy.  Obviously, there's some prep and cook time needed on Thanksgiving day.  Along with the meal comes detailed instructions.  When I say detailed, I mean detailed to the time it takes and what you should cook in order.  If I can follow the instructions, anybody can. Nothing beats a home cooked meal and I know this.  This year I wanted a stress free Thanksgiving.  You get a lot for $98.99, but most importantly you will be able to spend more time relaxing with family over cooking all night. Overall, I give Hash House 5 stars for making me look like the Master Chef this Thanksgiving Day.
3	A friend and I decided to try out Hash House A Go Go for the first time because of rave reviews others have given. Upon receiving the food, I noticed that the presentation was aesthetically pleasing and the portions were (far too) generous. I'm the type of person who would opt out from paying a little more money for a lot more food I don't want to finish.I had the Big 'Ol Chicken Pot Pie solely because I was craving chicken pot pie while my friend had...the pork tenderloin? I'm not quite sure and never got to try it so I'll skip that in the review. All I remember was that the blue cheese mash it came with was delish.The pot pie wasn't in the traditional form of a pie but came in a giant hat-shaped bread-crust with chicken pot pie filling piled into a plate. I appreciate the fried garnishes on top and the noticeable amount of rosemary in the crust as well. The filling was hot and soft and well-rounded. However, the crust was just okay to me and half the reason I get any kind of pie is for a good flaky crust. The crust in this pie was a bit too hard and cold. Maybe I missed some kind of memo that warned customers of the deviation from the norm.If I were to judge this place on just their Big 'Ol Chicken Pot Pie, I would have rated it a 4/5 but I also had the opportunity to taste their (nonalcoholic) Kiwi-Watermelon Lemonade and Strawberry Lemonade. And for the price, I was definitely unimpressed. They just tasted so ordinary when people had hyped me up beforehand into thinking they would be amazing.I do want to go back again and try their breakfast sometime in the near future, though.
3	First of all, please put up pictures of your more exotic dishes at the restaurant.  Sometimes words can not describe what this dish is supposed to taste like, but pictures speak a thousand words.Secondly, the Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade is a pure stroke of genius.  You have given me an idea for a new party drink creation - KiwiWaterLemon Soju.Next, let's go on to A_____, your very defensive waiter.  I asked him to describe a "Scramble" and he told me what it was.  My response was "Oh.  Okay,  So it's kinda like a Denny's breakfast skillet."  He then got pretty irritated and told me that it's not anything like that.  "And unlike Denny's, we use fresh ingredients that probably came in from California this morning."  Geez.  Okay.  Relax.  So I was fucking wrong.  Excuse me.  Just correct me, don't treat me like an idiot.  I should have walked out at that point.Lastly, do NOT eat the "HH Famous Meatloaf, roasted red peppers, fresh spinach and smoked mozzarella" (House Hash) served with eggs on a bed of crispy potatoes.  The meatloaf is tasteless, dry and gray.  There's a great biscuit, but no country gravy.  I ate the eggs and a little bit of the meatloaf, then let the rest of it rot.  This is a poorly designed dish and it should be removed from the menu.Would I come back and give Hash House A Go Go another chance?  Of course I would.  But to be fair, except for the great lemonade, my experience was pretty sub-par.  I need to be 'WOW"ed the next time.
5	Nick was a great server! Food was amazing I'm not a big potato fan but my chorizo hash was amazing along with everything else we conquered and ate thumbs up! Oh ya and awesome drinks I love my new twisted glass!
4	of course I love hash house the food is delicious and portions are huge, Im a sucker for biscuits and gravy and have yet to find anywhere to top them, bacon, sausage, and mash potatoes i could eat that any day! you must go!!
2	Veggie Hash $11.95 - Only word that fits this dish is "Bland". Chorizo Hash $12.95 - Tasty and a pretty good amount food with this one. Banana cinnamon French Toast $11.95 - Not bad and good sized.Coffee was way strong. I don't mind coffee with a kick, but this was just too much.The main server was so-so at best. However, the coffee/bus boy was very nice.Raspberry jam was Fantastic!Biscuits were dry and chewy.By the time you add in coffee, tax and a tip we spent just under $60 for a breakfast that just wasn't worth it. I'd rather go to the Egg & I or the Black Bear any day.
5	Go hungry is the first order of business here.  I had the Andy's Sage fried chicken with waffles "stack" and it was excellent.  The coffee was exceptional (full flavored, fresh, and on the strong side--just as I like it) and our waiter came back and informed me of about a 3-4 minute wait because he put on a fresh pot..  Son had the Banana cinnamon French toast and the wife loved the chicken pot pie.  Portions are mega large and the price kind of reflects that.  All three of us took doggie bags home.Food   5/5Ambiance  4.5/5Service  5/5Value  4.5/5Well done, Hash House..
4	the meatloaf is unbelievable
4	I took my relatives to Hash House a Go Go before going to the Hoover Dam. They were wanting to go during the weekend but it was too packed. We ended up going during the week . It  was still pretty busy but we were seated right away. I think my cousin was surprised how busy it was. I wanted to say people do venture off the strip to eat ...it's not unheard of.I didn't want to eat anything heavy because I thought we were going to be at The Hoover Dam for a couple of hours. I ordered the Grilled Portabello sandwich $12.95. It had roasted red peppers, Basil Pesto, griddled goat cheese on a fresh baked bun. It was good but I think I haven't acquired the taste for goat cheese yet. It had an after taste to it. The sandwich was huge but what isn't over here LOL.My brother, aunt and cousin were really happy with their meals as well!
5	Loved it! One plate is enough for two and delicous!!
4	We showed up at 10:00am on Sunday for brunch. We had to wait 20 minutes for a table. When we sat down we received fast and efficient service. The food was very good.I had the salmon scramble and my wife had the bacon scramble. We both received huge portions that we were easily able to share with our twin 2 year old twins. The restaurant was a little loud, but it was also completely full.  The only reason that I would not give it 5 stars was that it was a little pricey.  Other local breakfast spots offer a better value.
4	what a fun place to eat breakfastdefinitely interesting combination of flavorsfried chicken was crunchy and succulent - probably the best that I ever hadcorn beef hash was different but not my favcoffee was strong and hit the spotwill be back again
5	I LOVE the brown sugar banana pancake here!! So delicious! The chicken and waffles are awesome too! Whenever we are in Vegas, we always eat here at least once!!
4	Hangover cure to end all hangover cures.After my first night EVER in Las Vegas, I needed the creme de la creme of sustenance and this place did it for me. While my friends didn't exactly enjoy their meal, I absolutely loved mine. What's not to love about mashed potatoes, biscuits, gravy, fried chicken and cheese all rolled into one huge portion of amazingness? Nothing. That's what. And I had leftovers which is always a plus.The restaurant was clean, not too bright for my hungover self and the service was totally fine. My friends all had Bloody Marys and which the sight of them made me want to yack, I guess those guys enjoyed theirs. Let's put it this way: next time I'm in Vegas, I will be back to experience this place again.
1	Im sorry this place is not much to rave about. I understand they take a little longer to make fresh quality food, but in all honesty 3 out of the 4 times I've been there (somebody else always treated!) the food didn't even taste good! The only thing to rave about is how ridiculously massive their portions are! The 1 out of 4 times I actually liked my food was a pancake dish.... But pancakes taste good even at McDonald's. The fancy drinks are splendid.. But I can find that at any other restaurant. Go eat somewhere else.
3	The food is ok they give you a lot of starch as a filler - huge portions
1	This place is over rated. Food is expensive and waffle is cold. I went twice and both times I was disappointed. I am not sure what the hype is about.
4	Fried leeks are now one of my most favorite things to eat!The meatloaf hash was not as delicious or full of flavor as I had hoped. It grew on me over time, though.The chicken and waffles is very impressive. I'll probably get that next time. :)
4	Holy BLT The bread was freaking monstrous. I like this place a lot a even though I thought it was a little pricey. Ultimately I enjoyed my food and would come back again.
3	I like Hash House A Go Go, what I don't understand is the rave about this place, yes the portions are very big, but the prices match the portion sizes. I would rave if you were paying casino breakfast special prices and you were getting these portion sizes. The staff is awesome and hipster. I will eat here again, just not go out of my way to come here.
2	Blech! Please pile more schlop on my plate. Seriously? Does anyone need a mountain of mashed potatoes under eggs, cheese, and chicken? No. There's a reason all of the chairs in this place are widebody. Quantity over Quality.
4	Woman vs. Food is the best way to describe my dining experience at this restaurant.  The food portions are GINORMOUS. I ordered a cheeseburger. That thing was the size of a standard vehicle tire. HUMONGOUS. Despite the portion size, I set out to conquer my cheeseburger. Half way in, it was clear that the burger would win the battle, as I began gasping for air and drinking water to clear my stomach for more. All futile attempts at this point.Service was ok. Our waitress was awol for several minutes, it was difficult to get her attention as she appeared overwhelmed by the amount of customers in her care at that moment. Prices are quite reasonable for the amount of food. Definitely an experience that every man/woman should try, at least once.
5	Don't drive or walk to this restaurant. RUN!!!Why? The food here is so good and  the servings so large, you need to burn off calories before consumption because you certainly won't be able to move after eating.Enough has been said about the food. It's was TERRIFIC!
5	This place kicks ass on all levels. I had a fried chicken and waffle and could not come close to finishing it.  My girlfriend had a Benedict that was superb, I will probably get that next time. I dig strong coffee and this place delivers. to those that complain about strong coffee., get a clue thats what coffee is suppose to be. my girl had a strawberry kiwi lemonaide that was pretty damn good also. wait time was 15 minutes but that was to be expected.  The staff was very friendly and we will be back for sure.
4	Although out of the way from the strip, this place serves a whopping meal ! Great service, excellent variety and great cookin' !
4	Because I'm a total fatty at heart, I knew this was the perfect place to start off a weekend gluttony. =)The four of us ordered 3 dishes, but really, we should have ordered two because the waiter tricked us when he said the chorizo hash was for one person. Really? One person who wants a heart attack! It was ginormous. I knew we had made a mistake the moment I got up to go to the restroom and started eyeballing everyone's plates. Sage fried chicken and waffles - They do their chicken right here! While I'm not a big fan of sage, I do appreciate a good piece of fried chicken that is moist, fried well and not oily. The chicken here was delicious. The waffles had a piece of bacon baked right into it. It tasted ok though, too soggy. I like my waffles crispy.Chorizo hash - This was yummy, but there was more potato (freaking huge pieces) then chorizo. I wanted to taste more meat. Had a nice spicy kick to it. Wanted to really eat the more of the biscuit on the side, but held off because it was way too much carbs. But overall, a good solid dish. Snickers pancakes - It was good and of course huge, but I probably wouldn't get it again. Nothing unique about have pieces of snickers embedded into pancake. I really want to try a fruity pancake next time. I also got to try a watermelon/apple slush drink (good...tasted like a jolly rancher) and a  bloody mary (strong!). Hash house definitely leaves your taste buds with an impression. =PCame right around 9am on a Sunday morning and got seated right away. When we left an hour later, the waiting area was packed. Get here early or be prepared to wait. I want to come back and try more!
5	Hash House a Go Go is not just a restaurant...  It's an experience!!  I was a Dealertainer at the Imperial Palace and we were asked to go to the Sahara location to promote them opening their new location at our casino.  The manager bought us breakfast after the photo shoot and I ordered my usual egg white omelette and saw all these amazing dishes go by our table.  I'm a foodie to the max and was very intrigued with these masterpieces being placed before other people...  I enjoyed my omelette but left feeling there was way more to experience..  Well as fate would have it, Hash House A Go Go was being featured on the food network that night when I went home.  They had this fried chicken/egg benedict  thing that I just HAD to try!  Well once they opened at the IP a bunch of us went in and did try it!  DEE to the LISH!!  BUT huge!!!  I'm an all day grazer so this baby would last me about a day...  If you like small portions, I suggest you split a dish with someone (although there is a fee for this), it might be worth it.  I took my cousin there from Canada who is a chef and she was completely impressed with both the presentation and the quality of taste!!!!
3	Gigantic portion of pancake, the corned beef hash is awesome.
5	We recommend Andy's sage fried chicken! Husband and I shared this plate with a side of mashed potatoes and were seriously blown away. He nearly had tears  in his eyes because the chicken was do tender, the food piled so high and the flavors so perfect. Additionally, the service was fast (we went around 930am on Friday) and very friendly. We had to take some of the meal in a to go box, too, though we are not lightweight eaters! Pros: prices are reasonable, service is great, portions are large, restaurant is aestheticly fitting, food was hot, flavorful and filling. Cons: a person's stomach can only fit so much.
5	SIMPLY AMAZING! I wont write a novel for my review for this eatery. I can only say that the service was amazing and so was the food. The wait, while I expected it to be long, wasn't too bad. The quantity and quality of the food, made the wait well worth it. Love the set-up in this Hash House and I only wished that I lived closer so that could eat there everyday.
4	Found this place by accident and my brother remember this place was on man vs. food.  I ordered the farm scrambled which had hash browns, eggs bacon and avocado which was good. At first you will say that is not enough food, but boy they do fill up for sure and it is big portions on sme of them. The food is affordable, but wow $6 dollars for orange juice is quite a bit, but worth it. The place was a big cold were we sat however which was not good.  I would come back again.
4	The chicken and waffle tower may take at least 2 people to finish, one person will not be able to finish it!
3	Had brunch here during our Christmas Vegas trip. Ordered sage fried chicken and waffles, hand hammered pork tenderloin benedict, and fried salmon sandwich. The portion was huge and not meant for one person. The bbq cream on the pork was quite tasty, the fried leak and bacon stuffed waffle were good. The crispy salmon with cornmeal coating was also delicious. Overall, food to value ratio was good since you do get tons of food for a reasonable price. We would probably not return though because the huge portion was a big turn off for us.
5	OMG huge portions! You definitely should share I ate chicken and waffles which was extremely good my boyfriend ate the famous chicken thing the guy on man vs food ate and the leftovers fed us for 2 days LOL
2	My wife and I decided to go to Hash House for breakfast  on my 50th birthday   I won't be back. After an extended wait to be seated (the hostess wrote my name down wrong) we get to the table and no waiter, finally after about 5 min. Our waiter came by and showed us two plates of chicken and waffles and said he would be back to take our order. He then went on a chicken and waffles tour around the restaurant he came back to take our order. Approximately 3 minutes after placing our order I had chicken and waffles in front of me, wow.  No water, no drinks, and no food for my wife I checked the chicken and it was cold, because it was one of the chicken and waffles that was on tour around the restaurant! After complaining that the chicken was cold the waiter took the ate back. After and additional 20 minutes to get all of our food and drinks out my chicken was over cooked and dry and my wife's chorizo hash was barely passable. I then asked to talk to the manager who when she to the table she informed us that she knew all about what happened and she told the waiter not to do it again. She never once approached us to offer an apology  even tho she was aware of the problem   On top of all that we ordered two BLT Bloody Mary 's in which you are supposed to " keep the glass" they said that they ran out of the glasses that we could take home and still charged us full price for the drinks. And all this was on a Tuesday at 11:00 I would hate to see the service on a busy day. Never again
4	Food was outstanding!! Huge portions though. Must do again upon return to Vegas.
3	Really closer to two stars but that feels harsh. I had the corned beef hash. It was a tough portion of meat (which for brisket means it needed a bit more slow cooking) with some decent potatoes that came on a cold skillet. With the biscuit and side of fruit, it felt like a lot of food but it was overall just....heavy and bland. Also, will you people stop this bullsh*t of putting bacon into everything?! Bacon mixed into the waffle. Bacon in the mashed potatoes. I don't eat the stuff, but even if I did, bacon is not a cheap substitute for knowing how to season your food. On the positive side, service was really nice and attentive, and we didn't have to wait too long before being seated. I don't know if I'd go back, honestly. Its sort of out of the way, a little pricy, and the few things I could eat were more calorie bombs than bombtastic. Maybe if someone else is paying, I'll try it again.
4	I'm originally from Los Angeles and since moving to Vegas 3 years ago, I have not had the chance to lay my hands on any good chicken and waffles, wishing we had Roscoes here in Vegas too.A friend told me about wanting to go to Hash House and only being here once which was in San Diego, I was not familiar with their menu. She told me about their Chicken and Waffles and suddenly a craving for it I just couldn't resist finally made me try out this place again.I was not disappointed! Chicken was tender and the flavor was slighty better than Roscoes. The only thing better at roscoes is that they drown their waffles in butter, haha but not so better health wise. Now just thinking about it, I forgot to order mash potatoes and gravy on the side.  Roscoes is cheaper too, so even if I remembered, hash house might have charged me another $10 just for those sides.  The 4 fat waffles it comes with also has bacon it.  I was only able to finish 2 which was beyond filling.I also tried their snickers pancake. Snickers in a pancake huh? Why didn't I think of that!? Damn that genius!  Felt so bad stacking up those calories.  This place is a must try, especially for breakfast.  And oh, don't come here without an appetite because they offer a fair amount of serving in their plates.
5	one word AMAZING.  If you haven't tried this place, it is a must.  My husband and I came, the portions are over-sized , so 2 people can enjoy 1 meal.  I had the bacon waffle...so yummy!!!
2	Second time visiting this place. On 12/31 I ordered the chicken salad which was bland. Asked for more dressing to supplement the taste. This past summer was my first visit to the Hash House. Upon ordering an a cheese omelet with potatoes, my food was bland. Drinks were not kept filled making my mouth salivate more for substance. I give it two stars. As they say, 3rd is a charm...I don't plan to go back to find out. Too expensive to try to just be let down again.
5	WOW what a great place! i had the best Birth Day in Las Vegas and the Best Birth Day breakfast. at the hash house a go go. The chicken Benedict hit the spot that's what i ordered. But in no way finished it was the largest plate i have ever seen. it was wonderful. My boyfriend had the chicken and waffles it went well with my plate i stole most of his onions so yummy. we also ordered 22oz glasses of beer with our breakfast sooo wonderful  I will definitely be going back Hopefully soon
4	I have been here a couple of times and I finally ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. I really enjoyed the meal, it was an amazing portion but I really could have done without the mashed potatoes on the bottom. The potatoes were just too heavy and drowned out the other flavors in the dish. The staff here is always very friendly and quick to serve which is really nice when you're starting out a busy day. I would go here again, it was a nice change of pace.
5	Holy moly, what a breakfast joint!  I was in Vegas on vacation and wanted a good local place to fill up in the morning.  So I Yelped around and found this place.  Went there not really knowing what to expect (other than "it better live up to all these fantastic reviews!") and we were blown away!We were looking at the menu trying to figure out the place when the neighbor table got their order.  We were all dumbstruck!  The plates are huge.  But not just huge for size sake, but yummy stacked atop more yummy.  I wish there was a place like that back home...  but I am happy to have gone to say that I had the experiencing of eating at one special breakfast joint!
4	I am obsessed with the corn bread croutons and cucumber ranch! It's like crack!! The portions are way too big and the place is always packed and loud. Our rosemary chicken was dry, but the waffle with bacon chunks was great! I think I'll stick to take out. I will always love their salads. Actually, I did enjoy my fried eggs, bacon and toast. It was just too much. Great for sharing, for sure.
5	WOW!!!   Love the chicken and waffles.   Great bloody marys.   It's a must for anyone who wants a good hearty meal.
5	Customer service is excellent & our server Mike was very attentive. I tried the sage fried chicken penne pasta & oh my was it effing delicious! I grabbed a bite of the pub crawl sandwich my boyfriend ordered & it was bomb. The portions are very generous so it might be better to share a meal the next time I visit. The biscuits with drizzled honey are the best effing biscuits I've ever had & I don't usually like biscuits.
4	Service was outstanding.  My friends recommended this place and it didn't disappoint.  Atmosphere, customer service, food was awesome.  The presentation of the food was also great.  I had the Corn beef hashed plate which was good.  Wish it was a little warmer; but then again we had outside patio and it was windy and cold.  The portions they provided was definitely a plus and the waiter was right; you won't leave this place feeling hungry.  Ohh...and the bloody mary's were outstanding with Grey Goose vodka.
4	this is a great place for breakfast. would recommend to anyone. the eggs benny is like something you've never seen before.
5	Oh my god! Best breakfast/brunch I've had in my life! Everything was traditional american breakfast fare with a twist. The presentation of the food is quite amazing, and the taste is just as much. Bring an appetite to this place, because the portions are no joke, and chances are you'll be able to share.
4	$ 32.+ for 2 People -- 4.5 StarsChicken and Waffles - YUMMMBrown Sugar and Banana FlapjackArnold Palmers x 2Why -1 star? The drinks are $3.75 plus tax.Why +0.5 Star? Because the drinks are $3.75 plus tax - compare that to the strip! Sharing is caring. Split it with someone.. Portions are GIGANTIC!
5	Hands down my favorite big 'ol nasty breakfast place in Las Vegas. You won't find any place quite like it. One Bloody Mary and a fried chicken Benedict makes for a great morning.
5	Lots of food.... awesome food!
4	Very good food - actually lots of very good food at moderate prices.  Guaranteed your grandmother never thought of these combinations!  Come hungry!
5	The food here is good! So good, so damn good. I should go there for breakfast tomorrow. Yeah that's what I'm gonna do
5	I seriously love this place. Never had an item I didn't love.  What I love about it is how weird and unique the food is!  But seriously, split the entrees--they are ENORMOUS.  Usually me and a friend split an entree and still take a box home. When you consider the amount of food you get, it's really not that bad a price.
5	After 3 years of dying to come to Hash House A Go Go, I finally made it this past january. and boy, was it worth the wait. I came with 5 coworkers, and we could not have asked for a better time. The service was fantastic, and the food was incredible. I had the fried chicken eggs benedict that i had been drooling over for years after seeing it on Man vs Food. it was HUGE! and literally the best thing i've ever eaten. I made it about 3/4 of the way through and had to stop. being from the south, i had to try the chicken and waffles (heavenly...the bacon INSIDE the waffles really sets it apart). 2 people at the table got that, and really, they could have shared it. I also tried the meatloaf which was really good, even though i am not one for meatloaf. lastly, but certainly not least, the FRESH MADE peach cobbler was to die for. its worth the wait.i'll be back!
4	Got the chicken bemedict. Delicious! Love the different flavor combos. Moist fried chicken, spinach, egg, tomato, cheese all smothered in chipotle cream. Sitting on top of a huge pile of waffles and biscuits. Didn't eat much of the mashed potatoes because I felt like that was the filler on the plate. This could definitely be shared between two people if you aren't that hungry. My dad got the fried chicken and waffles which looked delicious as well. I will be sure to come back and try the hash.
5	Operation Hash House A GoGo COMPLETE!!!!Oh boy was this place amazing!!! We pulled an all nighter and my friends were raving about this spot. We got there as soon as they unlocked the doors for business and were serviced very quick!!!Our party of 8 ordered the following:-Banana Flap Jack : AMAZING!!! Super huge and we all shared it because apparently it was the homies appetizer.-The Trucker Something- It came with French Toast, eggs, and sausage. OMG the french toast was AMAZING!!! It had walnuts (or pecans) and bananas on top. The SAUSAGE was delicious and very flavorful!! -Biscuit & Gravy: Best I have ever had... definitley had a twist of flavor but it was great!-Sage Chicken and Waffles- I did not have any but it was a masterpiece of food!! It looke delicious and smelled amazing-Eggs Benedict - GIGANTIC protions and the boys smashed their food!!-Corn Beef Hash - I didn't eat this but it looked great!! -Snicker Pancake : If I ate peanuts I would have devoured the pancake because it looked so good!!!All in all it was an amazing FIRST time experience!! PS they have Tangerine juice... freshly squeezed I'm assuming... But it was AMAZING!! I hope you're experience is giong to be as great as mine!!!
5	We went there on a Tuesday night and there was not much of a crowd.  They were filming a TV show there though.  We had great service from our waitress and the manager.  We shared an order of Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict $15.  This is a big portion and it was fantastic.  The chicken was very moist and the chipotle sauce perfectly brought all of the flavors together.  I highly recommend this meal.  For the kids we ordered a pancake that was the size of a plate.  They were great.  They also served us up some biscuits that were drenching in a honey glaze that was delicious.  Had a great experience and I would highly recommend this restaurant.
4	I have tried both locations in Las Vegas, and to me the Sahara takes it. The strip on seems to be always full and the wait gets to be 30min. or more. If you are on the strip side of town and you want gargantuan meal portions than HHAGG is your place. I tried a few of their meal options like, Andy's Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower, which was pretty delicious but it is so huge that the same taste can get a little boring on the taste buds. I've tried the Famous Meatloaf I was not that impressed, I guess you just have to love meatloaf. Indiana Crispy Hand Hammered Pork Tenderloin, this half a pig steak is a delicious, many flavors that work together defiantly a must try. I also tried a dish with duck breast I don't recall the name of it but I was disappointed the flavors did not work for me. The best and ultimate favorite of mine(and Adam Richman Man v Food) is Andy's sage fried chicken benedict. The perfect juicy crispy fried chicken and is covered by this "chipotle crack cream" that I can eat a bucket of. Also all the other food groups are present like spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, tomato, griddled mozzarella and scrambled eggs, and a biscuit, all you need after this meal is a bed. Yes you will keep your cardiologist at his job but once in a while you have to experience a breakfast with a twist and HHAGG is the place for that.
4	Good food.  Portion sizes are huge!
5	Absolutely amazing food and service here. Waiters are very attentive, and the meal portions are gigantic! No wonder there's always a wait for a table. We had a party of 5 people, and waited for about 30 minutes for a table. But lemme tell ya - it was SO worth it. Everyone in our group loved their food, and there were certainly left overs when we were done!The ingredients used in the food are such good quality, that you can really taste the freshness. The prices aren't too bad (most plates under $15), which is a great perk! Most trendy/high quality meals are much more expensive.There is another restaurant location on the strip, but that wait is even worse than this one. It would be worth the drive into the surburbs of Vegas for a visit here!
2	This place is okay. I honestly didn't like all but one dish I've ever tried there (I've tried 4). The good dish I had was pancakes. Not even that special. I once went with a friend, who had some salmon dish on their lunch menu, and it was really dry and had way too much lemon juice on it. But a lot of people who have gone there really like their food, so I may come back and order something different (I hope it's good!). The nice thing is that if you do order something you like, their portions are very large and priced okay. I'm really only worried about the service, because it's been mediocre every time I've gone. Been a while though, so I hope it's become better.
4	This is my favorite breakfast place in Vegas. Their choices are so fun and flavorful. I like their chicken and waffles! The waffle they have with this meal has bacon in it. Everybody knows that waffles and bacon has got to be the most amazing combination ever haha! The waffles were fluffy and moist. Their chicken was fried but not greasy. It was tender on the inside and it goes great with the whole meal. Definitely a sweet & savory meal for sure!They don't take reservations during the weekends so there is typically a 10-20 min wait around breakfast time which is not bad at all. It's definitely worth the short wait. The servers get pretty busy so you might not get your drink refill instantaneously. Parking is also a pain sometimes. I suggest one person to get out of the car and put your name on the list while somebody finds parking ;)Oh their watermelon lemonade is pretty good but I don't think it's worth the $5 honestly. It's not refillable and there's more lemonade taste than watermelon so just a heads up.
5	My daughter took  me to your establishment  about 5 years ago in San Diego, Ca. And i was impressed by your food. Also my waitress was cute she was from Hawaii.  Will you have a Hash House A Go Go. in San Francisco Ca. in the near distant future.
5	We went here for dinner and I can't wait to come back for breakfast.  I had a fried chicken sandwich, which was amazing.  The chicken is perfectly battered, seasoned, and fried to artery clogging perfection.  I *wish* I had ordered the chicken and waffles, which my husband had, because the waffles were the best I've ever had in my life.  (Yes, I snagged several bites).  They are light, fluffy, and delicious, and they have bacon inside!  Amazing. My father-in-law also says that the bread pudding is incredible.  Service was friendly and prompt.  Prices are reasonable.  Portions are huge.  Prepare to be a gluttonous pig or plan to take some leftovers back to your hotel room.
5	Pancakes are huge but oh so good! Sharing is a must, a lot of food for a great price! Fresh food.
5	Whoever wrote " I wanna know what love is" has never been to Hash House A Go Go! Apparently, I've been searching for love in all the wrong places and it was hiding all along on Sahara Ave in Sin City. The first thing you notice about hash house are the gigantic portions. Often associated with vegas, big food is kind of a staple in the city but it is not always of the highest quality. I think I ate a hot dog for a buck that is still wreaking havoc in me. However, hash house offers dishes with flavor even bigger than the portions. Their waffles are a God send as they are light and fluffy and stuffed with bacon. The fried chicken is moist and succulent on the inside and popping with crunch and flavor on the outside. Their meat loaf is better than any granny will make (just don't tell them that). And their pancakes can be mistaken for blankets they're so big! Now with all that said, you'd think you would have to drop some serious coin on a breakfast or lunch this epic. That's where you're wrong! The food is so reasonably priced you almost feel guilty! Almost! For a massive meal that will keep you warm for days, you're probably looking at around 12-15 bucks. That's a bargain considering the quality and quantity of food you're getting. The hash house people are doing everything right except not having a location in LA for me to visit whenever i want.
5	You would think places like this is more novelty than good food? .....But oh no, this crazy food presentation is one of the yummiest I'd ever tasted!  It was so interesting it broke my heart to disassemble the masterpiece :((It was the sage fried chicken - never tasted anything quite like it...HUGE portion, chicken was fried but not greasy and definitely moist! Yes....WILL BE BACK! :)
5	The wait time is typically long, so it's best to get up early and go before you get too hungry. But if your stomach is growling, then you'll find that their dishes are served in epic proportions to match that rumbly in your tummy. The sage fried chicken and waffles (which are stuffed with bacon) is my all time favorite dish, and every time I visit Las Vegas and Reno, my mouth waters just thinking about sitting down to order my food. One dish is definitely enough for two. My only complaint is that the bloody mary's don't have enough alcohol in them, but that's why you can go and fill up with spirits at the casinos later on.
4	This location is in the newly named Q right on the strip new Treasure Island.  The Hotel is run down, the restaurant is on par with the interior of the Hotel....But it's the food you're going here for, and to be completely honest it's worth the time / wait / unpleasurable interior...The portions are amazingly large and you need to understand that before ordering, you'll likely be advised but it's better to know before visiting.... DO NOT EXPECT SMALL DISHES.I had a "scramble" which is essentially 4 scrambled eggs with a mix of multiple ingredients, a side of hash, and bread. I tried the hardwood smoked bacon, avocado, onion and swiss mix infused into four scrambled eggs.  The mix was great, though the avocado which must be added at the end of the mix gave the eggs a little bit of a cool texture throughout the entire dish.My hash was not just griddle fired, but mashed too.  So essentially I had mashed potatoes where were once deep fried and then made into a mash. But they were so good I can't describe how essential they are to the full experience, it's a MUST with any breakfast. 4 stars!
5	I have to confess I was skeptical about coming here because I thought it might be one of those places that's really famous because it was featured on Man v. Food but doesn't live up to the hype. I am pleased to report that this place definitely lives up to expectations.First, if you're looking at this review I'm guessing it probably won't be news to you that the portions are HUGE. Seriously, HUGE. The plates are more like dinner platters that you'd see in a buffet. Lots of people seem to order the MvF featured item: Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. I did not indulge, but my buddies did. Let me tell you, this thing was impressive. It's a sky high platter filled with mashed potatoes, homemade biscuits, fired chicken, eggs, and chipotle cream sauce. They bury a knife in it for scale.I opted for the mushroom, artichoke heart, sundried tomato hash for a healthier option and it was really well done. Flavorful and served with perfectly crispy potatoes and one of their flaky homemade biscuits. If you're into bloody mary's, they make a really great one. Spicy and tangy, exactly how it should be. The double double lattes are also really great.This place is definitely worth checking out if you're in the area (go here and NOT to the one on the Strip). Next time I'm planning to try one of the burgers, they looked incredible.
5	I was super unsure of this place.The IP was really under construction at the time... it made me pretty nervous walking through.  & it took me a while to find this place... but wow.  When we did find it, diamond in the rough.We dropped in for a breakfast/brunch after a crazy night.  Lots of kids and families.  Loud.  Luckily, there wasn't too much of a wait.  We were seated after about 15 minutes of waiting.Great service, the waiter was super attentive.  I love a bloody mary & this was one of the best that I've had.  Just the right amount of spice to clear up the massive hangover.  Their juices are great... freshly made, or so I was told.I had the sage chicken... it was insane.  Huge dish.  Perfectly crispy & the sage was intense but surprisingly good.I can't wait to go back.
3	Very nice place...   Friendly and fast service. I arrived at 10:30 in the morning for breakfast and was seated almost immediately. I asked the waitress for her advice... and was served a very flavorful breakfast. Not only was it tasty, it was very artfully presented. I will admit though, as quickly as my meal arrived at  the table it was just... well... warm. Otherwise it would have been an easy four stars instead of a tough three stars.Still it was an enjoyable breakfast.I hafta say though this is not a budget breakfast... dropped a hundred bucks with tip for four people.
4	I have a love-hate relationship with Hash House.  It's always busy and I've ordered wrong before, but overall the good far outweighs the bad.  The one on Sahara is the only one I like.  They had a pork roast scramble special once that I still fantasize about, but for me, it's mostly about the breakfast and the PANCAKES.  The blueberry pancakes are good but the banana brown sugar are AMAZING.  If you like pancakes, they are the best and worth every penny.  The vanilla waffle is pretty blah.  The mashed potatoes are crazy good.
4	Ok. I like this place, I really do. Taking everything into account this is a great place to grab a bite. I've gone a few times and I must say, my first impression was the best impression. The Fried Chicken Benedict and French Toast were super tasty, impressively plated, and epically portioned. There is a very vast and creative drink selection for coffees and non-alcoholic thirst quenchers. I was slightly disappointed with the Fried Chicken and Waffles. Even though 95% of society loves bacon and are under the impression it makes everything better, I thought having the bacon INSIDE the waffles was superfluous and totally took away some key factors that makes bacon so great. The waffle iron must be what made the bacon rubbery and tasteless, which in turn, kinda ruined the waffle, which was chewy and meh. Other dishes I have had were filling and hit the spot, but weren't really anything to write home about. The staff, atmosphere, random but good music, and creative options make up for any entree which may be less than "super fucking awesome".
5	100% nailed their concept and food. Twisted farm food? Hell yes. Very good food, freshly made, amazing presentation, excellent twists on traditional comfort food with portions that could feed two people.
4	Gluttony.  Where was it born?  If it had a birthplace one might imagine it was in some imaginary land called "Hash House A Go-Go".  Seriously, the portions here are EPIC.  You won't find bigger food serving anywhere except if you 3 time it to the buffet!  Even the plates are massive, and weigh as much as small serving platters.  The food is delicious, and not too expensive, but not "Hash House" priced either.  In fact, hash house is redolent of greasy spoons and truck stop diners, but the prices and quantity here are outside that measure..  If I could recommend anything, fried chicken and waffles is AWESOME and if you just pop in and get dessert, sharing the bread pudding with a friend is heaven.  Overall, its a good eatery, but too expensive for a regular family outing.  If your have a massive appetite though, this place will fit the bill.
5	You wanna feel like a MAN?! Then when in Vegas, you do not need to go to a lousy strip club, where the girls are aged like bad beef. You do not need to go to the sexy glitzy Vegas shows, where the girls are hella fine, but way outta your league. All you need to do to feel like the red blooded fat American you know you are is to visit this place. There are several locales, but since we had a car we went to the original off Sahara Ave. The food here is large, enough to kill a small Asian tourist. But do not share, oh nonono. You all order individual plates and try to finish the mountain of food that stands before you.Had the sage fried chicken benediction and it almost tore me in half. Or at least my ass when I was done. No need to say anymore, as this place is extremely popular among yelpers.
5	We recently took a family road trip from San Jose all the fricken way to Las Vegas and it was one of the best road trips I have ever taken.  The desolate scenery was exactly what I needed to get away from the hustle and bustle of the busy city.  Because we came in right before the New Year, everything was packed, and the hotels no longer sold those Buffet of Buffet passes.  But surprisingly, the Imperial Palace, now known as the Quad, was our jewel on the strip.  Because the dining at Hash House is way up at the top of the Quad, it was not swamped with people.  After escaping the mad crowds and taking several escalators to something like the fifth floor, we got to Hash House.  The service is prompt, they seated us quick, and were oh so kind to talk about the menu to let us know what we were getting into.  Hash House's theme is "freaky farm food" and it is so true to its nature.  Everything on the menu is some traditional classic like waffles, fried chicken, steak, pork chops, all twisted into some freakish concoction either through sheer size of portion or some twist in the cooking methodology.We were looking for a dinner for three, and know that because we're small and Asian, we don't eat that much.  A McDonald's chicken patty can be dinner for 2 of us with rice.  We went for the most highly recommended item based on conversations with buddies - FRIED CHICKEN AND WAFFLES.  Holy !$%^.  The stupid thing is gi-normous.  My good buddy who recommended said not to order more than 1 because it would make us feel guilty.  Once you see the thing, you realize you're in trouble.  3 fried chicken breasts over 3 bacon-stuffed waffles, fried herbs on top, and some kind of mash hash thing under it all.  Maple syrups is provided to glaze over the whole mess.  At the top, there is an 8" jagged blade stuck down the entire stack to keep it in one piece.  We ordered a house garden salad, entree style, to help offset the protein rich platter.  It took 3 of us to down the entire thing.  The way it was fried was beautiful.  Something in the batter just made it all the better.  The waffles were crisp, wholesome, and the bacon was just a nice added bonus.  If any one single person were to finish this on their own, I would congratulate them for setting themselves up for their first heart attach.  I don't even want to know the calorie count on that bad boy.  One of the things I love about the place is that they sell gift cups for their blended drinks.  The hostess was so kind to recommend it.  We ordered a couple drinks, enjoyed them, and they washed, dried, and boxed our cups to go - a great gift.  Bottom line: if you are vegetarian, don't go here.  For everyone else, this is as good as a Vegas buffet at HALF the price.  Because of its separation from the casino part of the hotel, it was a glad reprieve from the madness and second hand smoke.  Nice and tucked away, on a very late evening, it's a great place to eat in peace.  Lunch and dinner rush time though ... I'm sooo soooo sorry for you all...!Oh yeah, expect to have ZERO cellular signal in this part of the hotel... I love being disconnected from work calls and emails.  Damn you blackberry, damn you!
2	This place was talked up like crazy. read all of the reviews, and thought...this is going to be one of those real WOW places. Well was I wrong!!  The setting is nice enough, but, that's the best part of the whole visit.I had the Chicken and waffles. I've been looking forward to trying it as it seems to be the hottest "new" thing. The chicken was cooked right, but, the breading was tasteless. The waffles were soft, as they'd been cooked hours ago and sat in a warmer. They also had not taste. My wife and cousin had to send their eggs back to get cooked properly. The potatoes were good and hot. Overall the service was really slow.....and the experience was less then average...thus the two stars.
5	I've been to the Hash House downtown and on the strip...both of them have been AMAZING!!  Great food, excellent quantity, terrific service...BRING YOUR APPETITE!!!!!!!!
4	Food is more like an art display!  You cant help but look in awe at whats infront you you!  The portion size is HUGE, to say the least... and very tastey!  I have never had anything i didnt like!  It is really worth checking out!
4	really good food..but be willing to step outside the box and be adventurous. Had the Snicker Pancakes which was pretty good
2	We went here on a Saturday at 11:15am. Was told it would be 45 minutes to an hour wait. That hurt but there were 5 of us and only 2 of us were there so we didn't mind getting a head start before they arrived. They called us after 45 minutes. The novelty wore off when the food didn't deliver. Extra large portions of mediocre food. *Chicken Salad Sandwich - 3 inch bread with a huge scoop of chicken salad (average) and two huge tomato slices and 2 strips of bacon with a knife and 2 huge sprigs of rosemary sticking out.  It would have been about 7 inches thick if I ate it like a regular sandwich.  The side salad that came with it (or you can get fries) had a really good dressing and after adding salt it was pretty good. We had people visiting from out of town and thought they would like it because it was on Man vs. Food. But besides oversized portions this place is all hype. The staff is dressed in tin foil and have tin colored paint on some of their faces. That didn't make any sense to me but someone at the table thought maybe because the place had a lot of metal and tin in the decor? I probably won't return and will NEVER wait 45 minutes (or any time at all) to be seated there.
3	Their kiwi watermelon lemonade was absolutely delicious and refreshing!!  A must have!!  They gave a lot of food (pancakes are huge). I just had a simple breakfast of a buttermilk pancake with eggs and bacon.   My friend tried their meatloaf skillet which he didn't care for at all.
4	You have to ask yourself sometimes, how crappy do I want to feel after I eat this? If the answer is - not at all, do NOT eat here. While in Vegas I wanted to sample some non-strip fair and drunkenly asked a bouncer where he liked to go eat - he said Hash House A Go Go. Given that he was about 6'5" and weighed 250 pounds, it all makes sense now. My girlfriends and I arrived around 11:00am on Sunday morning and were told it was about to be about a 40 minute wait. That wasn't too bad - the line seemed to be moving quickly and there were some benches outside where you can sit and take a look at the menu. We were called inside to eat and the overall ambiance is pretty neat. Like a tin shed that is crossed with a barn? I decided to really go for full sickness feeling and order the fried chicken benedict (with their famous sage fried chicken). I have to say that I don't eat fried chicken often - in fact it has probably been about 10 years since I last had some, but sometimes you have to make your stomach beg for mercy. The portion that I received could have easily fed me for 2 weeks and I am not a light eater. It probably weighed 20 pounds. It has fried chicken, mashed potatoes, eggs, bacon, hollandaise and who knows what else since you could not see the bottom of the plate. Despite the gargantuan portion, the taste was excellent. Truly just tasty, greasy, cheesy diner food that does not apologize for using 3 pounds of butter in each dish. The service was fast and the coffee was great! Really, what else can you really ask for from a diner? The only reason that I am not giving 5 stars is that the portions are really (embarrassingly if not annoyingly) large. There is no reason anyone should need to eat that much food (now if you want to eat it, that's another story). But if you're looking to lay around for the remainder of the day in a food coma while wearing stretchy pants - then make sure you eat at Hash House!
4	If you're a first timer, I would suggest the Sage Chicken and Waffles, accompanied by a Bloody Mary. So very good. Those two items are (or should be) considered a HHGG signature dish and drink. The chicken is fried, yet moist, not too salty. The waffle it comes with has a nice crisp texture with a fluffy inside. The Bloody Mary is zesty and well garnished with the RDA of vegetables. It will get you where you want to be.I'm curious of those who have had less than a stellar experience at this location. I've dined here a few times and have yet to be disappointed. I would consider the wait worth it. The staff is always spot on. Come Hungry, you probably won't need to eat the rest of the day.  For the herbivore, the menu has a far share of salads as well. Two entree's, two adult beverage's and a tip is about $55. Be careful of the rosemary sprig art piece that garnishes most items, it could poke your eye out.  Regardless of that, a total recommend. 4 stars.
5	Absolutely amazing food! Not too big of a menu which is good, but what they've got is not gonna disappoint. Was in Vegas to celebrate my friend's Bday and he and his wife/my bff, wanted to hit up this spot cuz they love it. I almost passed on it but I'm glad I didn't. The portions are humungous! I loved every bit of my chicken n waffles. The drinks were beyond good. Service was great, it was a theme day so all the servers were dressed up like robots, which was cool. DJ was playing some good music. I find myself day dreaming about this place still 4 days later. I definitely WILL be going back the next time I hit Vegas! They need to open one in LA!!!
2	Not sure why so many love this place ,it's probably the "WOW" factor of the massive portions as you are being served.To me it's just average food with huge portions.....Been here at least 6 times now with friends that love to go here ,but I never seem to leave satisfied .Great for bacon lovers, since they seem to put it in everything except your drink! (I don't eat pork).They put sage in just about everything too....To me they try to make food too fancy and pretty, I wish they would just make it simple and tasty. I would rather go to IHOP.
5	AMAZING! Incredible! FANTASTIC food! Everything I have ever had has been amazing. Sage fried chicken & waffles, Chicken & pork Benedict, Griddled French Toast, stuffed meatloaf, chicken pot pie. . . ALL fantastic and HUGE.  One of my top 10 joints EVER. Only negative is long waits, but they can't control that. Service is also awesome.
4	I'd seen Hash House A Go Go several years ago on TV, and always wanted to go there. This February my family was finally back in Vegas and I got the opportunity. The restaurant did not disappoint. The place is known for huge servings, and that's exactly what we got. My son had a gigantic flapjack. I had the Kokomo meatloaf sandwhich, while my wife had the corned beef. I was actually jealous, because while my sandwhich was good, the flapjack and corned beef were excellent. Afterward we could barley move. My son kept on saying that he won the battle with his food, but the look on his face, and his slow walk afterward would say otherwise. We would gladly go back, and I would get that corned beef next time.
3	Always been a fan of this place, but I think their breakfast menu items are better than the other meal period menu items. Have had the burgers before, very greasy and bland. Chicken and Waffles were okay. Sage Fried Chicken was good, but inconsistent. Sometimes its very good, and sometimes, not so much. The waffles however are always terrible. Being as how they have bacon inside them, you would think they would be great. We always end up pulling the bacon out and eating that alone.  They have good strong coffee and the Jam Du jour is tasty. My favorite dish is the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, but sometimes the potatoes come out cold. They have great plate presentations, but even that cannot cover up some of the small protein portions on the dinners, like the MIxed Grill special they often have. Much of this place is hype, so just stick with the breakfast there and you'll be fine.
2	Went to the Hash House on Sahara after seeing many great reviews and even saw them on TV once. I must say I was not impressed. The place was dead. At first I thought "Yeah we don't have to wait" but then I realized why. Hubby and I went for lunch and ordered 2 way overpriced burgers with fries (which cost extra) I got the avocado and bacon burger. The portion was huge so I thought that would justify the price. The first bite was OK but then the middle of the burger was extremely dry. How a burger with that much stuff on it could be dry I don't know but I had a hard time swallowing it due to the dryness. I might revisit for breakfast since it seems that is what they are most known for but I definitely will not go out of my way to eat there.
5	Holy Hash House.  Are you aware of how much food you give people?  And how good it is?  I just went here twice in the past 4 days because of how good, and reasonably priced for the Strip it is.  First time I ordered the Pork Tenderloin Benedict.  I thought "hey, I'm a pretty hungry guy", I can tackle this mound of delicious potatoes, eggs, fried pork tenderloin with d-licious barbeque cream sauce (say it again, bbq cream sauce.  picture sausage gravy, but bbq style.  mmmm).  It came and my jaw dropped (see picture).  I ate a third of it or less, and I was STARVING, and I am not the skinniest person in the world!  This place should just call itself a man vs food challenge, which actually had an episode here.  It tastes soooo good.  Made me wish I had a fridge in my hotel roomSecond time I had the chicken and waffles.  To picture this skyscraper of chicken on top of waffles doesn't do it justice... again see picture!!!  You want a little more info?  Ok, those gigantic waffles on the bottom are STUFFED WITH BACON.  Yes, I didn't stutter.  Incredible.  To my credit I demolished the chicken and a couple of the waffles, but this is truly a gargantuan dish.I totally get how others might have complained about the wait, since I walked by a couple times and saw a ton of people, but I didn't wait at all both times I went, so no complaints there.  Also have great fresh squeezed OJ tangerine juice (who knew!)Only question is, when are they going to open one of these places where I live?!
3	Every trip to Las Vegas, we make it a point to stop at least once for breakfast . . . not sure what happened in the last year and half . . . but the food quality and flavor, at least a this location seems to have wained.Order from there specials menu . . . Seshawanie Hash with an extra biscuit . . . The venison sausage was bland, the aspragas and peppers were on the raw side, the goat cheese tasted spoiled, but the biscuits were great.Maybe this location has just gotten old and complacent . . . either way . . . a visit to the Hash-House-A-Go-Go is a right of passage for us . . . so next time we will have to try one of the other locations . . . but we are still fans . . .
4	Wow. Now me and my wife went to las vegas in the summer of 2012 and we made a special trip to hash house a go go becuse of the man vs food tv program. We spent 7 days in vegas and it was the only restaurant that we attended twice in a week. I must admit the portion sizes are ridiculously huge. I mean people have said to me American portions are big; but I have never been over faced too much. Hash house blew the size competition out of the water.  What about the food? I hear you ask. Well my Sarah had the blue cheese salad with extra fried chicken on top and we both agreed that it was the best salad we both had ever tasted.  Yes the best combinations ever. The salad was heavenly. 10 out of 10. Now to my dish; the famous fried sage chicken with waffles and bacon. It was good but not the best because the saltiness of the bacon just doesn't gel with the sweet pancakes. Dont get me wrong but I still highly recommend it to anyone. The fried chicken itself was very good but not the best in the world. Service was friendly but felt like it was all about the tip. Also the waiting on staff told us that food will just arrive on our table not together cause the chefs doesnt like leaving food hanging around on the hot pass. More like the chefs cant get their timing right!!!!. Conclusion: very good food. Huge portions and let your hair down and stuff your face. Will go back.
4	This place is great. Had the meatloaf with mashed potatoes for dinner. It was pretty good. The meatloaf was a little dried out, but not bad. The portions are huge!
4	I liked their food. It is different. Pretty good sized portions too but I still feel I paid too much by the time we walked out the door. Over $30 for breakfast is not pretty when there is only two of you.
5	The food is AMAZING, and the portions are astronomical!! Make sure you bring your stretchy pants....I had the regular combo with Vanilla Waffles, eggs, and sausage and I STILL could not finish it.  My husband had the Sage Chicken and Bacon (yes, Bacon) Waffles....this is one of the most popular items.  I tried the chicken and it was DELISH...it wasn't dry and the favors are on point. We'll definitely go again :)
5	Great service.  Unique food combinations and huge serving sizes.  Banana brown sugar flapjacks were amazing and caramel mocha was great but very sweet. Had a lot if food left over when we were done so should have just ordered a couple of sides and one sweet dish.
5	Have been dining here since we moved here in Las Vegas in 2003. My family and I love the portions and you're allowed to share.  There is a small sharing fee which is very reasonable.  We make sure we bring our family and friends here whenever they are in town and they love it.  They are so amazed of how big the portions are.   The service is excellent and food is always great.  We've never had any issue for the past 10 years of coming here.  Always our favorite!
5	As much as I love food, Vegas buffets are just not worth it for me. I rarely will ever get to a third plate even if I tried. Upon arrival...I loved how the place looked...a very Midwest look to it. Bf and I arrived around 10:30 for breakfast and the place was packed. Luckily we were just two people, seated right away.We ordered the Andy's Sage Chicken Benedict (Man vs. Food favorite) and banana nut flapjacks. We should have shared but didnt think the flapjacks would be that big. The benedict is enough for two people to finish. First bite of the Benedict was amazing! I especially loved the grilled cheese atop the Benedict. The banana nut flapjacks were well made. Bf liked how they were crispy and not soft and mushy on the outer layer. Kimberley was out server. She was pleasant and came by to check on us and refilled our coffee without us having to ask. Oh by the way, coffee was good. Not your usual restaurant coffee. If it was, it was good quality then. :)Overall great experience and great food. Will return on our next Vegas trip.
4	Chicken and waffles.  Best hangover food you can imagine.  WIne list could use a little upgrading, but Im still a huge fan
4	WHOA! HOW DO I FINISH THIS FOOD???? There is absolutely no way any one human being can finish an entire plate of food from this place! I ordered the swiss and mushroom burger and it lasted me for three meals. THREE! I ate it for lunch, leftovers for dinner, and then leftovers AGAIN for lunch today! The prices are very reasonable for such mountainous portions. I am nervous to return now learning about this insanity. We came on a whim and we will be returning. Our server was absolutely sweet and very attentive to our needs. I have heard some complaints about the place from friends after telling them where we had lunch, however we didn't have any problems. My burger was juicy and well cooked. The mushrooms and swiss did not disappoint. The bun was quite soft and fluffy. I am commenting on the bun because I usually toss those to the side as I devour the real meal. A lot of place's buns can be quite dry or plain. I can't wait to return and hopefully be blown away again! I will definitely be splitting my plate with a friend next time!
5	Skip the crappy buffets and head over here you won't be disappointed! The chicken benedict lived up to its reputation, giant & delicious! BF got the chicken & waffles and up until now I could never figure out why people like them so much but one bite and I was thinking "ok NOW I get the whole chicken & waffles thing!!" my standard has finally been set! The house bloody mary was yummy too, hit the spot! Will be coming back anytime we're visiting Vegas! The waitress was very accommodating to my picky 5 year old who decided mid-meal he wanted bacon, the bacon was out in no time!
5	Used to go here all the time with a very close friend for breakfast. Love this place!Also they serve really big portions with the waffles, etc so make sure you save space!
5	Everything is so good here I love the blue cheese burgers, I always have left overs. Some times there's a wait but the last couple times we went we got right in.  Love it
3	The portion sizes are pretty ridiculous.  I had the pork tenderloin sandwich and it was decent tasting.  But the burgers i seen others eating looked great so i was remorseful with burger envy.  I will return some day when i'm starving to see if I could possibly eat a whole burger here.
5	WARNING!!! DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE UNLESS YOU HAVE A HUUUUUGE APPETITE!!!  My wife and I just spent the weekend in LV and ended up going to the HHGG twice for breakfast.  The food is awesome and the servings are insanely huge.  Servers, as busy as they are, are polite and friendly.  This is a must visit place that will not let you down.   NICE JOB HHGG!
5	I do not have much to add to the rave reviews other than this place is a ton of fun, the service was fantastic, the food incredibly tasty and the portions are enormous.  We also came at the right time.  Second Saturday of each month the wait staff dresses up. This month was Disney themed. This is Vegas, so there was also a DJ.  Highlight of the music was in between the house and hip hop the DJ played Disney theme songs.  Aw yeah!The Bloody Mary's were on point and the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict was outstanding. I highly recommend this place for that weekend hangover cure.
5	Incredible food, ginormous portions, great service.
5	Great food, huge portions, nice atmosphere.Fast friendly staff & comfy desert industrial style. They have fresh squeezed juices & an extensive drink menu. The table next to us had brunch, with massive french toast & pancakes that can feed two kids or small adults. The burgers are huge & come with fries or cucumber dressing salad. The salad was great. We also had grilled chicken salad which was great. We were seated quickly inside. There is a small outdoor patio but it stays pretty full. Big parking lot so no problems there.
3	Came in for an early dinner since on was on this side of town. It was a Monday so the place was not busy.I ordered the 16 oz bone in rib eye steak from my waitress and requested cheddar bacon mashed instead of the sweet potato mashed. After she left I realized she didn't ask me how I wanted my steak cooked ,so I got up and advised her by the kitchen. When my waitress returned she advised me they weren't going to charge me extra for the change order this time, but in the future it will be $4.95 extra. Overall the food was yummy - steak was cooked medium rare as requested, sides of carrots and asparagus were included and even slices of prosciutto were a added touch. The cheddar covered bacon mashed was delish and included two full size strips of bacon! After completing my meal my waitress dropped the bill and and I reviewed it but she charged me the $4.95 extra charge for the Cheddar mashed - WTH? What was also disturbing was she didn't ask me if I wanted dessert. I advised her I wanted the banana cheesecake - It was huge but flat tasting. After a few bites I left the balance and advised the waitress. She said she would advise the chef but when she returned with my bill I was charged $2.75 for coffee which I didn't order.  I pointed this out to my waitress and she took the bill and readjusted the tab again.In closing, the main entree didn't disappoint at this Hash A Go Go but the service from my rookie waitress was horrendous. She never did mention a word with the flat cheesecake!
2	Not impressed....our lukewarm food did not get served at the same time, my dining partner got his food served five minutes after mine. I noticed a table of six next to us who got the same treatment, two of them got served while the other four waited a full five minutes before getting served. If that kind of shotgun approach to service doesn't bother you, then go for it! Very loud head banging music, too...even at 8 am.
4	Yumm. Usually a wait but good food good portions good service
2	I love Hash House A Go Go.  However, I went to this one last weekend (which it was my first time at this location) and I did not have a good experience with the service.  It was a Friday around 11am so the restaurant was mostly full.  Even though the food was amazing (as usual) me and my friend visiting were mostly ignored.  We waited about 15 minutes to order and about 20 minutes to get our check, and another 10 to pay.  It wouldn't have been so bad but the waiter visited other tables in the area several times before coming to us.With that being said, the food was great.  I always enjoy the food at Hash House a GoGo.  But I would not go back to this location because I have never had a problem at any other location.
4	love the large portions
4	My boyfriend and I decided we would go to Hash House A Go Go tonight for dinner because he had been there yesterday and made it sound delicious!! We walked in and were seated right away (we went at about 5PM so it wasn't crowded). The waitress was very nice took the order for our drinks. Mark and I have a fun thing we do..we each pick a drink for the other, not telling each other what the other will be drinking (generally an alcoholic beverage).  It just makes it fun!  Anyway, we also each had a biscuit with a honey butter glaze on it w/ sides of home made butter and strawberry jam. Very good.  We then ordered our dinner.  Mark ordered the Blackened Chicken and I had the Chicken Pot Pie.  When the food came...OMG!! talk about a BIG portion!! My Chicken Pot Pie...it was enough to where it could feed me for 3-4 days...lol.  Marks dinner came and it was a good portion as well.  The only thing I didn't care for was that the crust was bland, had no real taste (otherwise it was great!!).  I tasted Mark's food and it was very good.  I ended up having the waitress box my left overs up (it took 2 box's)and Marks as well. The check was about $63.00..(Oh and we also bought the glass's we drank out of that have the logo on them) not bad for the portions as I rather leave full and with doggy bags then still be hungry. All in all Id give it 4 stars. The service was great, the place was clean and everyone was nice and courteous which is always a plus!!Would I go back? yes...would I recommend it? yes.I enjoyed my experience there and you will to :)
3	Big servings but the taste is always a hit or miss. :(
3	After having ate at this restaurant at the M Hotel and Casino yesterday and sharing the experience with my girlfriend she was anxious to give it a try.Rather than drive all the way across town we opted to visit the one a little closer to us.My girlfriends review is right below mine. Her name is Karen. Although it is very detailed and accurate. I'll add a few things. She gave it four stars so apparently she was a little more impressed than I was.We each ordered one of their fancy drinks off of their drink menu. Both drinks were overly sweet and really just not that tasty. I do admit they both looked great and we did keep the souvenir glasses as they looked pretty cool.I felt that the wait time for our food order was longer than needed. Strange as this is the same complaint I had about the one I visited yesterday.I ordered the blackened chicken and she ordered the pot pie. As usual the portions are humongous. Both items arrived piping hot. All of this is good but again I found the food to be only satisfactory. It'll definitely fill you up and it was tasty enough. The presentation is terrific. ....... but again I just don't fell the urge to have to visit this place again.I'd recommend other places before recommending this place.The check was around $60.00..Again we had a overall satisfactory experience. Good and hot food. Friendly staff. Clean environment.Something just keeps me from giving this place more than 3 stars.
4	Great food, good service but alllllways crowded.
3	Been twice. Service okay One meal was amazing. The other two were average. Portions are big enough you can split. My fiance proposed to me here on one of our trips. Our waitress was more interested in serving us and getting us out, then letting us enjoy the moment. Overall, I enjoy the food and atmosphere, but its nothing too special.
4	Food comes in HUGE portions, but really good. Had their signature lemonade drink once and it was a bit too sweet. Their banana and blue berry pancakes are ginormous and amazing :)
2	Hash House A Go Go has definitely developed quite the reputation for absolutely reBIGulous portions.  Had to experience this place for myself and boy, I was not dissapointed.  Although, this is where the praise ends...(1)  First tried to order their salmon dish for lunch... come to find out that they didn't have any salmon in?  Ummm.... so why's it on the menu exactly?  Dissapointment #1.(2) Quantity here does not equal quality.  Ordered the Bacon Bacon Bacon Lettuce and Tomato.  The sandwich was definitely big, but also very dry.  No mayonnaise whatsoever and they stack so much lettuce into sandwich that it dominates the bacon.  Additionally, the toast was way to big and I felt like I was eating Toast and Lettuce.  Not good at all. and for $11.95???? Definitely not worth it.(3) To top it all off, the wait staff took 10 minutes between giving us water and taking our order.  I saw 3 different tables get their orders in before our waitress even came back to us... that just made the wait that much longer.(4) Manager that day had no idea what he was serving. Sure it's nice enough that you come out and deliver the food to the table.  The order didn't look right and he was absolutely unsure of what he had in his hands when we questioned what it was... yeesh, study your menu yeah?The only saving grace for this place was the Kiwi Watermelon drink.... would definitely come back here simply for that drink and one the most fresh tasting and refreshing drinks I've had in a long time.  1 star for the food.1 star for the staff.5 stars for the drink.= 2 stars overall.  See the big portions once for yourself, then do yourself a favor and go elsewhere to find better tasting food.
4	Holy Shmoly! I am pretty sure you can set up an entire village underneath the Eggs Benedict. In fact, when we cant afford a hotel room during a turn around trip we order one of these and camp out under the potatoes for warmth and sustenance.We came here on a long road trip to Sundance/Slamdance film festival and piled into the booth with a caravan full of hungry crew members. Not a single meal was finished, and no that wasn't a lack of valiant effort. I actually shared my plate of food with 6 people and there were still left overs. The potatoes were creamy, the fried chicken was crisp, the sauce was decadent, the biscuit may have been the lightest part. Was it an experience everyone should have? Absolutely.  Will I order it again?? Probably not in this lifetime.We have been back for the incredible pancakes, specifically the brown sugar banana, which requires no accoutrements and is freaking amazing about two hours later when you're on the road in the middle of nowhere.
1	Most over rated restaurant I've been to.
5	I love this place.  Great food in ginormous portions.
4	Large, yummy portions. I really love the biscuits. Sometimes the wait is a while and the service is slow
5	Love the food, although the portions are just Ridonculous!!!! But damn for the price you cannot go wrong. And any place that serves a mystery 24 oz can of Beer in a paper sack for $1.50 in Vegas is good in my book!!!The Pork Tenderloin here is the size of a 16 inch pizza and frigging delicious, as is the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict, and the Chicken and Bacon Waffles. Also the Burgers are damn huge and tasty as well!!And they have Arrogant Bastard Ale in the Bomber Bottles!! Win Win!!!
4	HUGE amounts of food.  Great for hungry guys!However, menu choices on the "smaller" / healthier plate size are almost nonexistent. Perhaps I should have asked for a kids' menu?I ordered a steel cut oats with fruit breakfast which could have been my lunch and dinner as well.  A whole banana, melon slices, apple slices, berries - and a very small amount of honey to sweeten it all.  Coffee was bitter (I drink it black), but harried and hurried waitress said she'd take it off the bill.  ($2.95)  I requested another cup (need my coffee!), but it too, was bitter.Tried my son's banana pancakes - excellent, albeit sweet.
2	Well over due on this review, I went here on my first trip to LV after waking up to a commercial from GOGO well, I wish I didn't GO. The food was far from good I guess because everything is served in Hugh proportions it lacks flavor but how do you mess breakfast up? Sausage gravy should always taste like heaven.......... Thankfully the bar was open in the morning to drown my sorrows from bad taste. There are way better places on the strip to eat.
5	If you're a bacon lover, you have to taste the bacon mashed potatoes!  I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit dish and it was soooo good.  Real bacon, tasty sticky maple syrup, and juicy fried chicken...also, they throw in a few crispy bacon strips on top of the fried chicken.The kid's chocolate pancake was ridiculously huge...probably 12 inches in diameter.  My 6 year old and 2 year old barely could eat a quarter of it.  It was nice they gave them plastic water cups and crayons/paper to keep them occupied until the food came.Husband ordered the corned beef hash and it came out in a skillet.  He said it was delicious too.The only thing that I didn't like was the coffee.  It tasted pretty bitter but the waitress told me they brew their coffee strong.  I'm from Seattle and I know what a good cup of joe taste like.
5	Wow!  Words can't describe the food here!  Great food, great service, explained they don't have a microwave or heat lamps, so the food will come out as ready!  Food fresh, hot, and wonderful!  Try the fried chicken and waffle tower...AHMAZING!!'  My husband had the smoked salmon scramble...he said it was De-lish!  Well worth the wait!
4	Very delicious flavorful food. Love the oversized hot chocolate on a cold day in vegas. I normally get the chicken and waffles which i belive on tuesdays is 12.99. The food is a little pricy and there is way more than enough to bring home and feed 2 more people at home. You could almost split it 3 ways. The service is mediocre but its a more casual place so not expecting 5 star service. Comes out very fast and always hot. Love me some chicken and waffles. Thanks hash house.
4	This place is hilarious! Truck Driver breakfast= Budweiser in a can, served in a brown bag with a side of bacon. Ha! Holy snickers pancakes! This thing can feed 5 people. The food is so funny but so good. You can pretty much share everything but who would want to do that? Oh and the Bloody Marys are totally insane. Only go here if you are starving!
5	Food was delish and way more than I could handle. Took home leftovers, no problem! Server earned herself a big fat tip dor her fantastic service. Sharing food with the kids was a bonus. Certainly coming back. Ah! hash house a go go at the M casino Las Vegas.
3	Had never been before, had heard good things so was really looking forward to it. First just an FYI the place closes between lunch and dinner.  The places decor is very nice. The staff was nice prompt and helpful. The food was good but not what I was expecting. And over priced. FYI almost anything that comes with chicken is bread and quite possibly still on the bone. Over all opine was just ok.
4	i freaky love the hash house.... they give you hugh portions and the chicken & waffles are a must have.
5	We've been for brunch and the food was delicious.  We went for dinner to celebrate my sister & her husband's anniversary and the dinner was even better than breakfast.  Service was friendly and attentive.  The restaurant was a lot less busy too :)
5	Awesome food, great environment, a real must see in Vegas.  If you can avoid going to the one in The Quad that would be a bonus....not because it's not as good, but that way you can avoid going into The Quad!The food is well priced for the amount you get and the quality is very good.  Hash House has been on multiple television shows and have some amazing dishes (Brown Sugar Banana Pancake, Fried Chicken and Waffles).Do expect a lengthy wait if you are going anywhere near breakfast (9am-1pm) usually 30-45 minutes, plus the food can take a healthy amount of time to get to you as well.  But it is an experience well worth the trip!
5	The portions are HUGE & the food is awesome.  Each portion is more like 2 - 3 meals, but very good.  All of the staff have always been super nice every time I've been there.
4	the biscuts are to die for!
5	great food, huge portion sizes!
2	REALLY DISAPPOINTED !!!!  The atmosphere and service were great, the food portions were enormous -FIVE STARS FOR THOSE ASPECTS- but the food was so so. I had the Eggs  Benedict,  it was ok, my hubby had the Pacers Hash which was 80%  potatoes, the pork was tough and with absolutely no taste, he kept salting it, I actually told our waiter how disappointed he was with the Pacers Hash, he apologized and quickly took it off the table but offered nothing in place of it- my husband only ate maybe 30% of his food. My daughter had the #5 burger, I was surprised when she said was she was not happy with her burger either, due to lack of tasted.  Normally she wants her left over for breakfast - well, she wanted no part of it this morning-that is what prompted me to write this review. We must have gone on an off night, would  like to give it another try, but with their prices, we won't be going back.
4	IF you are starving your face off and totally off your diet that this is a great place to go! I love that there is rosemary in everything, even if just a sprig to garnish. The potpie is ridonkulous, and the burgers huge. Overall  the food is way more than the average person can eat in one sitting, so it s a great place for sharing, or to get leftovers for the next two days!
2	At my house we have several names for this place:  Hash House a NO Go, Hash House a No No, and Hash House a No Mo'.The main problem is that Man vs. Food hyped the place as being excellent with humongous portions. We wanted to experience it just for the novelty.  Amongst the three of us we had the pancakes with hash browns, eggs over easy and chicken sausage; the Apple Smoked Bacon & Mashed Potato Burger with fries and watermelon lemonade, and the Hardwood Smoked Bacon, Avocado & Cheddar Burger with the same fries. We also tried the barbecued ribs appetizer.First, the lemonade, which was tasty, was $5.00, no refills. That's way overpriced for lemonade that isn't spectacular, but it was attractive looking. Next, we specifically asked for the appetizer to be brought out before the meal (sort of the definition of the term "appetizer," right? We shouldn't have had to say anything) but it came AFTER the meal was brought out. How ridiculous is that? So two disappointments.When the pancake came out it was large, but it was underwhelming compared to the hype it got on TV.  Yes it was really big- bigger than one outstretched medium sized female hand. It filled up maybe 2/3 of the oval plate it was served on, leaving room for maybe one cup of cubed potatoes (hashbrowns) and 2 eggs over easy. But check out this photo from Man vs. Food: http://yhoo.it/18O6aVt - this was CLEARLY nothing close to what we got, hence the disappointment.   The seasoned potatoes had no flavor, and the pancake tasted like flour.  No flavor at all.  We asked for chicken sausage and one link arrived, splayed open on a small dish. It was basically a hot dog, not sausage.On to the Apple Smoked Bacon & Mashed Potato Burger. The teenager enjoyed it greatly, however, the teenager likes just about anything. The burger has one pound of meat divided into two pre-made, pre-seasoned patties that are cooked in a press of some kind so that both sides are cooked simultaneously. This means no way to request medium rare.  Sigh...The Hardwood Smoked Bacon, Avocado & Cheddar Burger was tasty, although the meat flavor seemed to come from the grill without additional seasoning. Well, let's just say the seasoning was mild. I won't complain too much about the burger- it was satisfying.  The fries serving size was average. I think they were seasoned, and had a nice crunch. The ribs came in what appeared to be an Asian-inspired sauce, which I liked. One of the  four ribs was perfect, with tender meat falling off the bone. The others were chewy and tough. Hate to speculate on the disparity- I'll leave that to you. They were artfully leaned against a pile of cold, nasty-tasting potatoes.  What a waste of potato. We got the impression that much of the food is pre-packaged, pre-seasoned, so not much creativity happens in the preparation.The atmosphere was different from what I expected- the dark lighting made a nice ambience even though the food is Denny's quality.  I liked the distressed wood everywhere and the (very) heavy metal chairs.So, we will chalk this up to experience and probably not come back as a family, although I'd bring the teen here if he wanted the burger again. for $13 it wasn't so awful in my opinion. Oh- the waitress was EXCELLENT- she got a full 20% tip.
2	They give u large amounts of food but their is no flavor. They give you one plate of food that could very well feed four people at best. So you think I would be happy right but no I feel a lot of things but happiness is not one of those feelings. What good is a lot of food if its tasteless? The staff was nice the place was clean. Food flavorless. Will I return No.
4	Food was good with very generous portions.  1 meal is enough to split for 2 people. The atmosphere was meh, but our waiter was outstanding.  Not only did he continuously check on us, but the others were stopping by consistently to fill out drinks and clear our tables.  Highly recommended if you are looking to get stuffed for cheap.
3	First thing about this place...the portions are RIDICULOUS!!!  Seriously, either expect to bring home what could constitute for a full meal (after you've already eaten half of what you're brought) or be prepared to split with somebody.Second thing about this place...the food isn't that great.  It's pretty to look at, the plating is done very nicely.  It's amazing how much you get, but then you take that first bite and...well, I wasn't impressed, and I got biscuits and gravy.  I'm sorry, but that's a difficult dish to not have taste well.  The atmosphere is delightful and the staff are courteous, but the food...could be better.
3	I came here with a larger party (10 of us) we were greeted quickly and our server was very nice, knew the menu inside and out and was able to offer lots of suggestions. My food came out incorrect however and several of our party felt like their dishes were not as great as they could have been. The chicken and waffles is to die for however, and our experience was overall a good one. Seems a bit out of the way for us since we stay on the strip, so we may not be making a return trip.
2	The more and more I go to this place, I realize this place is a no-GO! The food and service is deteriorating.  This random Tuesday my husband and I went to brunch around 11, with two guests visiting. It wasn't crowded, but evidently understaffed.  Our dishes came out one by one taking over 15 minutes to get them all.  A drink ordered soon after we sat down came almost 10 minutes after we got our dishes. We had to ask for butter for bread and asked several times for hot sauce before we got it.  The waiter was nice and apologetic, but still it doesn't make up for the forgetfulness and mismanagement of time.  The food is just about being generous, I would rather have quality over big portions.  Don't ask for a substitute you won't get it.  Potatoes and a biscuit is just too much starch for me...an additional slice of melon was denied.I will no longer take my out of town guest here to give them that "local dining" feel.
3	I actually like it here, but I'm not going crazy on the stars because I agree with the gist of some other reviews: the food is big, and the menu is interesting, but the food just doesn't taste as good as it sounds. There is always a long list of ingredients in the description, and while you are promised what sounds like an orgy of chipotle cream, smoked mozzarella, caramelized onions, basil pesto, and other tastebud stimulators that sound great on paper, what you get seems a little more like a pile of somewhat dry mashed potatoes, tasting more like the paper than what you imagined. There are dishes I enjoy- the sage fried chicken is consistently good, though the waffles are not crispy and deteriorate too fast, and, number one complaint, the huge portion is accompanied by a thimble-sized pitcher of syrup. What the hell? Same for those hubcap-sized pancakes(which come in various flavor combos but with very little flavor, and with insufficient syrup to wet them down, it's like trying to eat a blanket). And how about those giant biscuits they serve before dinner? I'm a fan, but they went from supplying one Barbie-sized pitcher of honey to the whole table, to skipping that entirely and just drizzling on a little (very little) before serving them. For a place that's so generous with the portions, and that must plow through a field of rosemary daily, garnishing even the plates that have nothing to do with said herb, why are they so reluctant to part with the condiments? Maybe they could save a couple of bucks by ditching their other inexplicable practice of adding what can only be described as french-fried broom straws to all their dishes. You spend the first few minutes just picking weeds from your plate.  The meatloaf is quite good, as is the grilled cheese, and Baby girl loves the salmon. The side vegetables are usually well cooked and seasoned. I've never tried dessert, because I can't fathom ever getting that far, and I've been tempted to try  one of those giant burgers, but never do because I know I can't finish it and re-heated burgers are just not good. Strangely, though, the leftovers we do bring home (which is always), seem to taste better than the original did. Who can explain it? But the HH brown bags are always seized upon by the family vultures with midnight munchies. Yes, I'll keep coming here to dine, but I will never again make the mistake of ordering the Thanksgiving dinner to go. The fried turkey was ok, the veggies were raw, the dressing was dry and flavored only with salt, the portions of potatoes were shockingly small- less than they serve on a single dinner in the restaurant, and the Snickers bread pudding dessert wound up in the trash. Unprecedented. Oh, and the number one reason I will keep coming back? You can almost always get your hands on a half off coupon. Then it's REALLY a bargain!
4	Being out of town, we stumbled upon this place by accident, after our restaurant (where we were going to meet) was closed for renovations.  We got there early and we were waiting for two of our six to show up and the girl at the front was being a little, um, "strict" that everyone had to be there before getting seated.  At the time, it was empty.  Before we knew it, it was filling up quickly.  Fortunately our party showed up and we were seated.  We looked around, the portions are insanely big... even where you can easily share just about anything and leave feeling stuffed.  Someone next to use has a pancake that was literally the size of a pizza and about half an inch thick.  I ordered the french toast and a Diet Coke (the theme of my recent Vegas reviews since I started the weekend on three hours of sleep).  For some reason, this weekend in Vegas, I couldn't, for the life of me, get a Diet Coke.  The waitress served me a water but kept forgetting my Diet Coke throughout the meal.  I literally had to remind her four times and on the fourth time (when I was already done) she brought it out.  Fortunately she comped it.Good place overall... cool, fun vibe.
4	Great breakfasts and good prices. The entrees are big enough to share (and my husband and I eat a lot). The presentation is like no other! :) Also their bloody mary's are the best I've had off strip!
4	I went when I was in Vegas and I was not disappointed
5	This is truly a culinary experience. You can not go wrong with practically anything on the menu. Come hungry and be prepared to wait. It is worth it. If you are a chain restaurant person you will not get it! Farm fresh and local with quirky servers and high energy. Fabulous!
3	I came here due to some friends recommendation due to the reviews.  The restaurant is very plain looking, looks like an average diner.  After looking at the reviews, I decided to go with the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken.  The portions are crazy.  It is definitely a place to go eat if you are hungry.  I would say that the food was ok.  The price seems kind of expensive for what it is, but i guess the portions make up for it.  It seems that they just pile up a bunch of good together without thinking if it actually works.
4	This place is awesome! Over the top portions but great quality throughout. I don't think it's possible for one to finish their plate! The various hashes are always my go-to pick, but the pancake that dwarfs the plate it sits on (no exaggeration) is delicious. The chicken and waffle plate seems to be a huge hit, but beyond the presentation, I wasn't impressed. The chicken was dry. Might have been just bad luck when I ordered it, but I haven't given it another chance since. Always a good atmosphere. Expect a wait, but treat yourself at the bar while you do
3	Hash House A Go Go is the place to go if you've been deprived of food for a few days. Heard about it from my sister, who recommended it after seeing it on Man vs. Food.I went here on my birthday. Ordered the HH Original Farm Benedict. Wow! It was a mountain of food. One dish can probably feed a family of 5. Not really what I expected in terms of eggs benedict. The biscuits and mashed potatoes gave it some good texture. Q: Is it still eggs benedict if there's no hollandaise sauce? It took me about 30 minutes to annihilate that dish. The server said he was impressed with that accomplishment. Washed it down with a banana latte biatch! A-OK, but not spectacular. Needless to say, I fell asleep 15 minutes later (food coma).  Low carb diet? Forget about it - not at this place!
3	I like Hash House.  They have good food in giant portions.  I think they are a little overrated for what their service is, and there is usually a wait time.  if you have a lot of hungry people, and time to wait to be seated, this is a great place for family gatherings.  if, on the other hand, time is a valuable to you as a good meal, I'd probably choose another option.
4	Portions, portions, portions!Come with a empty stomach because you're going to need it! Everything about this place is big portioned. Their speciality is in breakfasty type meals served in big skillets - hence the Hash House nomenclature.Service has always been excellent. I've tried something completely different each time I've gone, and never been disappointed. (or needing to eat again for 24 hours it seems)A must go!
5	Their chicken & waffles is amazing!
4	Over the top food in reference to size, selection and quality and very good service
4	Big food, but delicious.  The wait time was ridiculous, but once seated, the service was great and lively atmosphere.
4	Incredibly large plates of food. The place is in a bit of a out of the way less than comfortable area of San Diego. We probably would not go there without a larger party and even then only if there were very hungry people in the group.
4	In love with their seasoned fries!!.. I had their famous 1 pound stuffed burger and it was so good..the servings sizes are huge but its ok bc there's nothing wrong with take home some bomb leftovers!
5	Hash House is one of the few Vegas restraunts that really shines!  I love the fact that it's Vegas born (even though they've expanded to different cities).  I like taking friends from out of town here as it's a neat experience off the strip.I don't recommend going to the other locations as they never really feel the same as the Sahara one.Biscuits are amazing.  Portions are huge. Food is darn-right yummy!
2	Not that big a fan. Chicken and waffles loaded with grease and syrup.made me sick
5	amazing!!!
2	I just can't honestly eat here without it feeling like some kind of prank.  Not even a good prank either, but like some kind of FRENCH prank.  "Oh ho ho, zeez americans and their beeg food!"I mean, most of it is a good step above your Egg and Us fare, but still, goddang.  Its good to see that I dont have to wait an hour anymore to get a table when our Man Vs. Dignity watching relatives come into town.
4	First time here. We had to wait a little to get a seat on Sunday.it was pretty packed.service started off slow but then picked up until I had more iced tea than I could drink."good thing". The food tasted pretty good and I couldn't finish all of it. Prices not too bad but the menu took a little while to figure out.
3	I went here and WoW. The food was good but it was so crowded and the tables were extremely close together. Mainly the portions were huge and you payed for them thats for sure. It was me and my parents for lunch and the bill was around a hundred dollars. I got a chicken pot pie dish and it weighed like 10 pounds. There was the "innards" of the chicken pot pie on top of a pizza size crust sticking out of the bowl with mash potatoes under neath the crust as well as peas and carrots. The food was good but the portions were huge and the prices were expensive
3	I'm just not a fan. I don't care how big the portions are. Each time I've been to this location, it's a horrible long wait and the service is very uncaring and slow. The food is good, but it's not amazing. Not worth waiting over an hour for in any case or paying the higher prices. I'm not sure why people are obsessed with large portions of food...especially for breakfast. Hardly anyone ever finishes it, and breakfast food is typically not what you want for leftovers.This place is eh.
2	We headed here to try out this place because everyone talks about the huge portions and for their fried chicken and waffles.  I'm not sure why people are raving about a place that services such large portions of less than mediocre food.My husband is a fan of fried chicken and waffles, but said these were the worst he's had.  The waffle was dense and rubbery, not crisp and fluffy.I think I had some type of skillet scramble that came with a crab cake on top.  The crab cake was probably 4-5" in diameter with no crab flavor or visible crab chunks.  It tasted of all bread crumb.  I would prefer a small crab cake with actual crab meat it in.  There was a salsa underneath the crab cake which made the country potatoes soggy.  Huge portions, horrible food and watered down drinks.  There are TONS of places to eat in vegas.  I would definitely skip this place.
5	BEST FOOD EVER!!! (Sorry Mom!)FAVORITE: Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles. I could have easily spent my entire life not knowing that chicken & waffles were SUPPOSED TO BE THAT DAMN GOOD! (Sorry Mom!) The mashed potatoes are STUPID GOOD too. My son ordered a pancake (either blueberry or cranberry & walnut) that was as big as a Domino's medium-sized pizza. JUST WAY BETTER! The look on his face when it was brought to the table said it all.YES IT'S CROWDED PEOPLE!!! When something is this GOOD, people tend to show up in large numbers and then they want to stick around to enjoy all that buttery goodness. THAT'S JUST THE WAY IT IS. SOME THINGS WILL NEVER CHANGE. When the food stops being good and the service turns for the worse, there won't be as many people in front of you. Then there won't be as many good reviews because bad service & good food rarely coexist anwyere in the world.Thanks Bin Laden! :-PI've never had any issues. Probably because I'm a fan of the food. If I know we're going there, I'm prepared to wait because it's well worth it. I've been to this location as well as the one inside the Golden Nugget downtown and the food and service were both excellent, although I enjoyed the vibe at this location better than at the Golden Nugget.If you're not a fan of the SUPER-SIZED & DELICIOUS, this is NOT the place for YOU. I promise I won't complain if you're not there because it'll only mean that I'll get to my table faster if you ain't all up in the way!MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS THAT THERE ISN'T A HASH HOUSE IN LOS ANGELES (MESSAGE!!!)
4	Wow am I ever a fan of this place!Went there for brunch on a Saturday morning and was overwhelmed by the delicious menu. I kept seeing these monstrous plates being brought out to the tables around us - bring your appetite when you go here. Portions are huge and you can definitely share (although I refused to share).I got a dish with mashed potatoes as the base, biscuit, eggs, and then covered in a red bell pepper cream sauce. Uh-May-Zing. I also, in my greed, ordered a biscuit on the side and savored it, after slopping butter all over it. I miss that biscuit. I want that biscuit.The coffee is good, and the waitress was friendly and helpful.Will totally go back next time I'm in vegas.
4	People here are nice but hostess not very attentive, didn't greeted. The rest of the staff was good n polite. Lots of food, n pretty tasty. Well just depends what u order.
2	This review is primarily focused on the service. Came to this location last Sunday for brunch. It was very busy considering that it was around 1:30 pm. This is the only hash house that is located in a single standing building. The others are within hotels/casinos.  The wait took about 40 minutes for a table for 4. Our waitress, Erin, had a very flat affect straight from the start. She wasn't very friendly nor helpful.  I asked her if the couples could split the bill and she said it would be fine. We ordered our entrees, which consisted of the sun dried tomatoes, basil and goat cheese farm scrambles, buttermilk flapjacks and the French toast. All were very tasty and had good portions. One of the downfalls to the food was the amount of syrup they gave with the French toast and flapjacks. They gave a tiny shot glass worth of syrup for each dish. We had to ask for extra syrup about 3 times because these dishes needed the syrup. So when the bill comes, it had not been split, so I quickly reminded her to split the bill. I was going to mention which dishes on the credit cards but she replied "I know what dishes you guys got" in a very rude tone. Yeeesh. She looked at my boyfriend and asked which card was his. He told her his name. The other couple's card had his picture on it. So when she returns with the split bills, she still managed to screw everything up and mix up the items with the cards. At this point, I was quite frustrated so I went back to look for her and just told her what had happened. She apologized but it honestly didn't seem like she cared.  We wanted to leave so we just signed the bills without changing them and left. This experience left a sour taste in my mouth. The service at the other hash houses are pretty good. Not sure if I want to go to this location again.
3	Ok so im a local and come here pretty often.. the food is good and the portions are enormous. I have one big problem with this place -- the hostesses have been instructed to not seat guests in the booths unless you are 6 people?! We were 4 but were maybe going to be 5 and were not seated  until all guests arrived ( yikes - the restaurant wasnt even crowded ). Also had to basically almost have a fight to get the booth. Service is good here but hostesses need to lighten up and let customers have a booth especially when the restaurant isnt full ?! wtf?  Also... womens bathroom is disgusting. I brought this to the attention of the manager- but he really didnt care and the next time I was there it was just as bad :(..
4	Food- 4 starsService- 4 starsWait time for food (once seated)- 5 stars After reading so many amazing reviews about this place I decided to add it to our itinerary on our trip to Vegas. I'm glad we did. If you are looking for a unique/delicious/huge portions place for breakfast. YOU MUST COME HERE!!!!!I ordered their Hardwood smoked bacon, avocado, onion & swiss scamble. Everything about it was perfect. Probably the best tasting breakfast I've ever had. My wife ordered their snicker pancake, also amazing (and huge) Hash House A Go Go, has single-handily made me a better person. After eating there, I donate more time and money to charity and try and visit retirement homes on a regular basis.   If you want to become a better person and probably a little more sexy, you must try this life changing restaurant at least once... or you'll never know your true life potential. Good day
1	Just had the worst--WORST--excuse for a Grilled Salmon Salad of my life here. Described in the menu as consisting of "mixed greens", the dish that was presented consisted of lettuce--ONLY lettuce, so I guess "mixed greens" means color variation: light green lettuce, medium green lettuce, etc. The salmon was burned to charcoal on the bottom, and the rest was tough, dry and hard to swallow. My server was nice and the lemonade was good, but that's the extent of positive feedback I can offer for this place. Fail.
4	I like the food and I liked the prices, this beat EGG & I only because when I was about to eat at EGG & I a car went through the building, so I didnt get to taste the food their. I had the banana nut flapjacks and they were superb. When Im in Vegas I sure will be back.
2	Sad to be posting this review, as I once loved this place. We went for my birthday breakfast & it was just "off". My friends had a late lunch here the day before & said that while the food was pretty good, the hot chocolate tasted really funny. Either their chocolate syrup was going or the milk was bad. I ordered the chicken & waffles & kiwi watermelon lemonade & there was something really weird about the drink. I stirred it up as the waiter instructed, and kept stirring, hoping to get the flavor fixed. It was almost rancid tasting.The chicken & waffles w/ fried leeks was decent, but not mouth watering like it had been before.
3	Its ok hard to screw up breakfast pretty good skillet, service was great, pricey, no wow factor...
4	Hash House is always a solid way to cure a hangover or get a bomb breakfast. Fried chicken with eggs and potatoes and bacon? I think yes.
5	Best breakfast in Las Vegas. I love the chicken and waffles.
4	I might actually rate this place 3.5 stars...but rounding up because why would I be mean about it? Anyway, my boyfriend and I came here on our laziest Monday morning to my recent memory, which is kind of the only mood to be in to eat stuff like this. I ordered the HH Original, and he got...some things in a skillet (meaning, usual eggs, etc.). First of all, the portions frightened me before they delighted me. The presentation of the food was  not bad per se, but made everything look sort of "hodgepodge-y," like, "Hey, let's see how we can make all these different shapes and textures lay on top of each other."That aside, the food was good, for me. My suddenly-a-food-critic date said his order turned out to be a pile of potatoes--of course not literally. I think it's definitely worth a recommendation and visit should you be nearby. Also had lots of leftovers...a plus or minus depending on how fussy you are.
5	I'm usually here for weekend brunch when I'm craving delicious fatty American style brunch. They don't take reservations and there is always a long wait. It is so good that I don't care for the wait or how many calories is in this food. I've tried their chicken and waffles, a few flapjacks and hashes but eventually decided that Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict is still my favorite. I love taking friends and family here. The portions here are HUGE! My last time here, I was with a group of friends who are from out of town. I gave the guy friends a challenge to finish the food from their plate. All the guys thought that this could be easily done and happily took the challenge. Of the 5 guys at the table, only 2 where able to finish. The rest almost passed out from trying. The only other girl at the table and I both finished about half and I felt full the rest of the day.
2	Not a fan of this place. The portions are large, but the food is not good. So bigger is not better here. Biscuits are tasty and service is pretty good. The only thing I've ever come for is breakfast, but I'd prefer a buffet to this place. Stay away from the salmon, it was so bad and smelly. Stick to breakfast if you do come.
5	Love this place. Huge portions, fun drinks and great service.
5	Great atmosphere and unbelievable food!  Robert took great care of me and was very prompt. If you are looking for a unique twist on classic breakfast I would highly recommend this place.  It is worth the 5 mile drive from the strip.
4	My friend and I went on a coupon for dinner and what a meal we had. I had the special which included the duck, lamb chops and steak and they got the crab cakes. The only thing wrong with my meal was the duck was not cooked to my liking. As always the food was very good and we had to take it home of course. The bartender made drinks that were soo good that we were gulping the drinks down versus sipping. Yes, I will be back for dinner but I always go    back for breakfast as well.
4	if you come here,you have to try the chicken and waffles..BEST EVER.it looks like a mountain of chicken goodness.not to mention the waffles has bacon inside them!!! YUM!
5	How excited am I right now? SO EXCITED! Whenever we are in town a meal here is mandatory! Unlike most diners, I clean my plate just about everytime. HUGE portions of delicious and fresh food, better than my mama ever made. So yummy! Bonus points for cans of PBR!
5	Hash House A Go Go at the M is where it is at! I can't speak of the other location on W. Sahara as I have not been to that one. The food items are HUGE and the management on down to the waitstaff is friendly and fast. If you go to the one at the M Casino Resort ask for our favorite waitress Sunday. She is full of energy and makes the experience that more enjoyable.
3	Comfort food, big portions nothing special.
3	I actually just recommended Hash House A GoGo  a few days ago to a friend relocating from Philly and lives in the area of Rainbow and Sahara.  I believe it's a great Vegas staple as far as good and plenty (huge) plates are concerned.  When I'm famished from a long night out this fresh food restaurant is a great way to replenish your reserves, then take a nap (you'll need one). Breakfast is best deal from the chicken & waffles to their egg specialties. The food has a homemade feel and that's a good thing, however, NO SUBSTITUTIONS!
3	My family and I got adventurous today and decided to come here... No wait when we got there... Service was ok, but could have been better... Food was ok but I expect my food to be cooked the way I requested (my over medium eggs were runny!) The food portions were huge, but bigger doesn't mean better.I'm glad I tried it, but I will stick with The Cracked Egg or Egg Works from now on...
4	Yup... Chicken and waffles is where it's at! Everyone in our group was happy with their food but the C&Ws was a hit! Definitely a place to go if you're downtown. Love that they are sprucing up Fremont... long overdue.
1	TOO MUCH HYPE... So many people pumped this place up. Even from Cali(which is where i moved here from). I tried their signature item. The sage chicken and waffles. UMMMM, no!!! The waffle was bulky, soggy, with no flavor & the chicken was lukewarm & overly sweet. (A) for Presentation, (D) for flavor.
4	Yum! Sage fried chicken. Plates are humongous.  Ordered two plates for two people with plenty of left overs. Make sure u check hours to see if open. They close in middle of day for a couple hours. Only bad note is service was slow because it was busy
3	2 of us ate breakfast there this morning. The food was good, just a few dollars overpriced. The portions are over-sized. There was no wait at 8:45. The servers and staff were mostly friendly, if a bit inattentive. I take 1 star away for the needless drama provided by Marissa while paying the check. Probably will go again.
4	Breakfast is amazing, dinner not so much.
4	The food at this establishment was good. I have had their large pancakes and eggs Benedict. The portion sizes are huge and can be easily shared. The place is always packed especially on the weekends. If your willing to wait an hour wait... the food is worth it.
4	The food here is great, the portions are ridiculous.  But the prices reflect the portion size.  Definitely an occasional treat.  I don't think anyone's body or wallet could take eating here more thank once a month.  Will go again for special occasion.
5	amazing!!! the chicken and waffles are to die for.the put bacon inside the waffle......gamechanger!!!also the giant pancake is straight out of uncle buckgreat for breakfast lunch or dinner
4	I love this place. Incredible bang for your buck, and the flavors are outstanding. I even received a nod of respect from the badass bartender after eating my whole meal in one sitting. That nod will get me through the inevitable aneurism resulting from a blood clot, but I can tell she has seen some culinary conquistadors sit before her...so I'll take it. If you dont want to decide between quality and quantity, Hash House is for you.
4	OK, now this is Chicken and Waffles!  Sage fried chicken, on top of bacon infused waffles, covered in fried leeks.  Portion was big enough that I had it for dinner too.Went to this place while out in Vegas on business.  Went to the location not near the strip for a more authentic taste.  Lady I sat next to on the plane, a local, told me I had to go while in town.  Glad I did!  Staff was cool, bacon bloody mary was excellent and food came quickly.  If you go to Vegas and want to get away from the strip, I highly recommend this place.   Farm food with a twist is their thing and they do not disappoint.
4	Saw it on travel channel and liked it a lot. Service could be better though.
2	I am writing this review from the front bench of this restaurant. This experience was horrible which is sad from an establishment like Hash House. We got to the restaurant at 3:30, in between lunch and dinner and we were forced to order from the brunch menu. My sister does not eat eggs and asked if she could have the dinner chicken and biscuits. She was told no and that the closest thing was a Benedict dish. She said can I get it without the eggs. The waitress said that their dishes were works of art and nothing could be removed or substituted. My brother in law wanted a biscuit, since we were outside of dinner, he was denied an order of biscuits, even after we offered to pay for them since it was his birthday. Overall, this experience made his birthday one we will always remember due to the unprofessional behavior of its servers, its inflexibility of its chef and the poor times of its menu window. It's such a shame that Hash House has been brought to this level since by the pictures in the lobby, they were amazing!
4	Hash House! I love going with a couple friends so we can all share a couple entrees! Their portions are huge and the service is pretty awesome. I've never had to wait too long to be seated, and their mixed drink specials are delicious and refreshing.
2	Have been there 3 times and all 3 times the wait staff got my order wrong. However....The food is good, especially breakfast. The omelets and pancakes are enormous and more than enough for anyone.The chicken and waffles are a big disappointment though. Very dry. Sorry but they are. If you are used to "Real" chicken and waffles you will be disappointed.
2	Brenda's daughter took us here for breakfast one Saturday morning instead of going to the local Denny's or IHOP. She insisted that it had some good food and the overall reviews said it was pretty good. When we got there, there were quite a few people ahead of us so hopefully that spoke to the quality of the food--unfortunately it didn't. After a long wait in line we finally were seated and greeted by a waitress who didn't seem like she really wanted to be there either (she probably already tasted the food).We ordered our coffee and juice and stared at the menu. Brenda and I both have an adventurous palate and are willing to try anything at least once. However, there is a difference between adventurous and just plain crazy. When you read the menu, nothing jumps out and says "Hey! Pick me! I'm really tasty." Quite the opposite--the food and flavor combinations of everything except the pancakes don't even begin to sound like they'll work together. However, to be polite, we placed our orders and waited for the food. I had the only thing that sounded somewhat normal to me; the corned beef has with red onions and Swiss cheese. By the way, they have a no substitutions policy and they do enforce it.The service here isn't any better than the food. Wait staff is slow and you may or may not have everyone's meal served at the same time.As we waited for the food to arrive, we saw that the portions they brought out were huge--even bigger than what we get at Black Bear. Unsurprisingly, with the amount of people here, the wait for the food was about 40 minutes, which is a bit long for breakfast. Apparently because the food is all "homemade", it prevents the kitchen staff from having any type of timing system to ensure everyone at the table is served at the same time. When my food was placed in front of me, I just kind of stared at it. It certainly wasn't what I was expecting when I ordered corned beef hash. Instead of a neat presentation, I faced a huge pile of potatoes and the hash topped with a slice of cheese and two overcooked eggs. Sticking out of the top of this monstrosity was a rosemary tree. Normally, I would expect something like this to have the hash grilled and then have the cheese placed on top and remixed once it the cheese melted before putting it on the plate. I also expected the "crispy" potatoes to be on the side. Since they were thrown in with the hash, they were soggy from all the grease.The food itself lacked any real flavor and no amount of salt and pepper really did anything to improve it. Sure, the portions were huge, but that just meant more wasted food at the end of the meal. Quality is a bit more important that quantity.Their motto is "Twisted Farm Food." I'm not sure what farms they're visiting, but it doesn't conjure up any memories of food I ate growing up in Pennsylvania Dutch country. Head on over to IHOP, Denny's or Black Bear if you want a better meal at a cheaper price.
2	I don't get it. I ordered the chicken and waffles like everyone recommended but it was very tasteless and over cooked. Maybe I'll try it again. Just don't see it though. It was large enough for 2 people however. Maybe 3 since non of us cared for it.
5	I don't even know where to start. Normally there's a pretty stead 45-60 minute wait for a table here, but we walked right in on Friday for brunch - maybe it was in the stars :)Everything on the menu sounds delicious - I recommend the infamous Chicken & Waffles. You truly can't go wrong. The sage fried chicken is absolutely succulent, and they actually put large pieces of bacon inside the waffles. This will be one of the best meals of your life, hands down. It's fabulous. The staff are super friendly and tell you up front that the servings are 'generous' which happens to be a gross understatement. The four of us at the table were ravenous and shared two plates, barely finishing them. They also don't have heat lamps in the kitchen, so when your order is hot and ready, it comes right to the table which is how it truly should be. This will be my #1 destination for all visitors :)
5	A must try for the hungry yelper. Waffle and chicken is amazing!
3	I've been here so many times and I was wondering to myself why I've never written about it yet. Guilty pleasure, embarrassment, I dunno.. What I do know this HH is style over substance. Huge massive portions that are impressive in looks but lame on flavor. I mean the food doesn't really taste that good. So why do I keep coming back  if I don't like the place? Easy, out of town visitors. They've all heard about the place with food bigger than you're head. I can't say I don't warn them that it's not very good but hey, what do I know? What annoys me most about HH, the fried spaghetti and rosemary they stab and litter every plate with. I know its their signature but having to remove all the inedible bits from my plate is pretty lame. If it's not edible don't put it on the plate. A few highlights from our last visit.Traditional Buttermilk Flapjack - bigger than your head, thick, fluffy pancake. Nothing particularly special aside from the sheer size. We had this as a brunch appetizer and had a hard time finishing it. The Kokomo - huge meatloaf sandwich that was on the dry side. To be fair I grew up on moms meatloaf and trust me seldom any live up to her sweet juicy meat slab. I think the chief problem with the Kokomo is that the bread to meat ratio is way off. To much bread. Andy's sage fried chicken - very disappointing. The chicken while under seasoned was covered in a thick glaze of maple syrup reduction which just tasted weird to us. Unfortunately the reduction was also on the eggs and the bacon. I think if I were to order this again it would be with plain maple syrup on the side. That way I can control the sweet to savory ratio.With all of that said of course Ill be coming back with out-of-towners. The look on their faces when the food comes out is so worth it.
2	Portions are crazy big, but who cares if the food is so so.Also, it has a very politically left vibe which I did not care for.It's worth trying once, but I will not chose this one again.I had some pork sandwich thing, Meh.
3	Ridiculously large portions
2	REally what is all the  wow's about??? HUGE plate of food yes. good food. NO. unless you  like quantity before quality...I did not get this place  at all... some people seem to as it is a bit "famous" but...is that an enough reason to eat in a place? What's up with the tall bush in the middle of the plate???
5	Favorite place and yes, order the chicken and waffles!
4	I have seen this place on The Food Network and I also checked it out on Yelp and I was not disappointed! I ordered a buttermilk pancake(and believe me one is enough), eggs, sausages and potatoes and everything was very good.The service was good but not great, we had to ask for several things several times- not servers fault I think they're understaffed.I would say the only gripe I have is they give you this humongous pancake a small pat of butter and this little, tiny thimble of syrup! If I'm eating a pancake too big for my plate I want it smothered in butter and syrup pouring over the sides!All in all everyone was happy with what they ordered and I would definitely return next time I'm in Vegas!
4	I would definitely recommend this place.  Great place to get your breakfast, especially if you're tired of eating on the Stripe.  When I went on Sunday for brunch (arrived around 10:30), the wait was 40 minutes. Server was nice. Recommendation: Chorizo Hash, Andy's Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles, Tractor Driver Combo.
5	LOVE the hash house a go-go. We like the one at the M resort the best.. The views are amazing. The food more than you can eat, come hungry, you will not be dissappointed.. Love the chicken n waffles, the potatoes are amazing.. One of my favorite place to eat in vegas..
4	The name sure will grab your attention: Hash House a Go-Go. Doesn't that sound like it's a mess, a jumble, a hodgepodge, or chop-chops, or a dance of unlimited jiggering? Nevertheless, it's beckoning that my Mom and I frequented this place twice. It's got ample parking. A wait in line to be seated. Not a large restaurant but it has a small bar and dining room with silver metal decor. Relaxed atmosphere. Service is attentive. A second visit was with Mom again with friends and some other friends on an occasion during a Happy Hour for my birthday celebration followed by dinner. Plenty of hors d'ouevres passed around. Mom loved the shrimp in a stick because they were large shrimps, they were Prawns! Well of course, I couldn't be any happier but just munching on the many finger foods which to my delight had just the right amount of tastiness. Afraid to fill myself up in so much of the appetizers I had to stop from sampling any more to make room for dinner since I have heard from friends was to make room in tummy-tum-tum for the main meals. I heeded, for when our dinner was set on the table, we couldn't help but admire the presentation and the generous portions. One meal can be shared by two or three people. Not disappointing at all was the taste. Breakfast favorites are: Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict with maple reduction served with 2 eggs, bacon, mashed potatoes & biscuit which the smell of sage gives it the extra invitation to deliciousness, and the Griddled French Toast dipped in banana cinnamon cream with pecan maple syrup was just the right amount of moistness and sweetness. By the way, the bread is Amish bread, oh goood. Anything that's Southern cooking to me is a favorite and those two are my breakfast favorites. Wouldn't say no to Chocolate Chip Flapjack with banana and pecans which the chef specially made. He specifically made it and personally served it to us. The chef was personable. The flapjack were thick, soft and goooey with melting chocolate just like ooheey-goooey cheese in a pizza. I like their lemonade and the sweetened iced tea beverages. Dinner favorites: Andy's Stuffed Burger is roasted Mid-West beef patties topped with smoked mozzarella & charred tomato, stacked high in large buns served with criss-cross fries. The right amount of "seaside" taste in the Manila Clams drenched in white wine garlic broth mixed with caramelized onions and sprinkling of crushed red pepper. Say, yummy clams. Never to say no but say yes to Andy's Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower which was served with fried leeks drizzled with hot maple reduction. The waffles were just the right crispiness, and the chicken moist. The Black Skillet Pork Ribs served pipin' hot in a black skillet pipin' hot were in its rib-y juiciness to the bites. So they say it's "twisted farm food", twisted enough to twist my tasteful memory of it as country food super-sized! A feast to the eyes. Get on it with your big big bites!
4	Delicioius food, just such a shame on how much food is wasted because of their portions
4	This review is based on my husbands visit:My husband and a friend tried this place a while back and I forgot to submit the review. The portions are huge, far too much food for me to eat. My hubby loves breakfast and he got this spicy breakfast skillet thing. He showed me pictures to show off the portion size and its kind of ridiculous how large it was, he was proud that he consumed the whole thing. I heard they charge to split plates, I don't like that but my husband wasn't sharing so it didn't apply to him. He wants to take me here next time we are in town. I guess a large breakfast might help cure a hangover so I can imagine this would be a great place to try for several visitors.
5	Call me crazy, but I'm OVER buffets. We came here because Golden Gate is gross and this was the next closest thing. I got the Famous meatloaf hash something-or-other. It was really good. A lot of food! My fiance though. He got the chicken and waffels. Not only was it beautiful when it came out (it was just so decorated.) It was possibly the best tasting thing I've ever had. It's more than enough food for 2 people. I cant recommend it enough.
5	Had the chicken and waffles and man was it tasty. My girlfriend loved her meal as well. Big portions and great service. Will be back for sure
4	Ive been to this place twice. Yes it is good! But my waistline definitely isn't going to thank me. Their prices are alright since their portions are huge. Not just huge, more like ginormous plates of breakfast food piled into pretty positions.  I had a blueberry pancake and it was larger than the plated it was served on. I wasn't the biggest fan of it. It was just a pancake wit blueberries. I also ordered a chicken and waffles, the chicken was great and the flavor everywhere else on the plate was good. It was nearly impossible to finish a plate so the leftovers were good for another 2 meals. The service was actually pretty decent, the staff is definitely young but I had a good breakfast experience here overall.
3	Took an extended weekend trip to Vegas. Yelped a few good places to eat at. Came across Hash House A Go Go. I ordered the roasted chicken with red peppers scramble with a side of potatoes. It was good not very seasoned but ehh cant complain. It was a good amount of food, I wasnt even able to eat it all. They had fresh homemade strawberry jam for the biscuits ( Loved it ). The server was friendly and there was no wait. We wanted to sit outside on the patio however there was this thing shooting out a mist of water and we asked if that would be going on the whole time they said yes. I am not sure why any one would want to be sprayed with a mist of water while they are trying to enjoy their breakfast but whatever lol. I would recommend this place but dont sit outside!
3	Too much food for just one person. The sage fried chicken and waffles should definitely be shared. They are deelish!
5	Sage fried chicken was  scrumptious my husband and I shared and were full
3	The food here is actually pretty good and probably one of the cheaper places to eat on the "strip."  Service was prompt and very friendly.  The place was very clean.  I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken, minus the bacon. It was way more than enough food for one person.  And, it was pretty tasty, minus the fried leeks.  I'm not a fan of leeks and waffles.  But, that's just me.
5	Fun night out! I got the Famous chicken and waffel.  It was really good. A lot of food! It is beautiful to look at and even more beautiful to eat.  It sounded gross to me but  It was possibly the best tasting thing I've ever had. It's more than enough food for 2 people. I cant recommend it enough.  The prices are high but your in Vegas.
3	the portions are generous and the staff is friendly and helpful. but the food is just ok. nothing to write home about. i was really interested in going here for quite sometime, maybe that had something to do with why I thought the food was so bland. I had it built up in my head to be better than it was.
4	The chicken and waffles are to die for.  The service is great.  The seats are so uncomfortable that I rushed to leave but the food was worth suffering for.
5	Words can't describe how great this place is!! GENEROUS servings, diverse selection of twisted food on the menu and best yet, the wait staff can speak to the many with such clarity and knowledge. It's a celebrity visited establishment and is highly recommended for those visiting Las Vegas! Will visit again. WARNING: the meal portions are generous and everything is made on site. You will not be disappointed. Affordable prices too.
4	It was worth the wait. Portions are huge & will feed two or three. I can't wait to go back.
5	What a great menu!! The breakfast and the burgers are awesome! More than your money's worth for sure.
4	One of my "Go"-to places.  I'm a particular fan of the meatloaf, usually sharing it with my mom (queen of meatloaf-but likes this better too.)  I cannot seem to help but run in to friends here, which gives it a familiar feel.  I do save it for special occasions as the dishes are calorie rich.
5	My husband and I always eat here before we leave Vegas. The best breakfast ever! So tasty and portions are huge! Everything is delicious!
4	If you want to be awed by the amount of food piled artistically on your plate then, Hash House A Go Go is definitely the place to be.  Their brunch dishes are also creative and deliciously described on the menu.  You can tell that they love making plentiful, good looking, delicious tasting food.  So, pull yourself away from all those Vegas buffets and stop in here.  You won't be disappointed, and you may leave even fuller than if you had eaten at an all you can eat buffet.
4	i love this place, always come for the fried chicken or fried pork tenderlion.  my first time i finished thr whole andy sage chicken!! (can you say food coma?) the giant flapjack pancakes are good too.ive always ordered their drink specials and never liked it.  this time i had the southern ice tea and was not a fan. drinks not recommended.
4	The food is tasty and the portions are ridiculously huge.  The griddled French toast was very good, Amish style bread dipped in banana cinnamon cream with pecan maple syrup.  The sage fried chicken was delicious, with maple reduction, eggs, bacon mashed potatoes, and a biscuit.  The sausage gravy pot pie with scrambled eggs and mashed potatoes was gigantic.  Overall, food was very good.
4	After a week long of raving, drinking, and straight partying in Vegas.. My friends and I were way overdue for some delicious grub. Our friend, who's a Las Vegas local was dying to bring us here before we left.. So we gave it a shot.Out of four people we had the corned beef hash, the basic breakfast, and two different scrambles.. I had the basic breakfast with a side of gravy and mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes and biscuits and gravy were exceptional. I was loving that gravy all over my biscuit, but sadly my eggs were undercooked and not satisfying. My friends corned beef hash seemed a bit too cheesy due to the overwhelming chunks that smothered his meat. My friends said their scrambles were good, but one said they didn't like how they didn't allow her to customize it to her liking.The experience was overall decent. I think if I were to return that I would try their bacon waffle or get some pancakes. They looked soooo good. Wasn't the best place I've had for breakfast in Vegas, but not the worst either, just okay.
2	Large portions, yes, but hugely over-priced as well. After sampling 4 different entrees, all being bland as the table cloth, I left without finishing anything. Not impressed with the hype.
3	I would give them a FIVE star if they did just ONE little thing differently.  That ONE thing is to serve the food for everyone at the table at the SAME time. The food is tasty..just that ONE thing.
5	HUGE Portions. Come on and empty stomach! Sage Chicken and BACON Waffles are amazing (They put bacon inside the waffle) Get a BLT Bloody Mary too!
5	Love Hash House!  The food is great, staff friendly.  What else can you ask for?  Oh, their Bloody Mary's are to die for.
4	Gigantic portions are served here.  We have been here a few times since seeing them featured on Man vs. Food some years ago.  Each time we went it was dinner time.  We've never had to wait more than 10 minutes for a table.  I'm guessing that they are busiest  during breakfast time.  While waiting, there are many photos of celebrities to view on the restaurant's walls.  There were pictures of actors, actresses, sports stars, politicians, and other tv personalities.  Pretty impressive.As I said earlier, they serve gigantic portions here.  Almost every dish that comes to the tables is just heaping with loads of food!!  They look like a very messy, yet beautiful culinary creations!!  Messy & Beautiful.  Comfort food at it's finest.My favorite dish is Andy's Sage Fried chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower!  Just like about everything else on their menu, this dish is humongous!!  Each bite was simply delicious goodness.   I had leftovers that lasted me two more meals!  A nice drink to wash everything down with is their kiwi watermelon lemonade.  For dessert, I like the bread pudding.  Yeah, 99% of the time when I dine out, I save room for dessert!One of these days, I'll have to come here for breakfast to try their pancakes and lunch time for burgers.Terrific food, but not quite 5 stars worthy!  So very close though!
4	What can I add that hasn't already been said? Go here now!Clean? YESFriendly? YESFlavorful? +YES!Huge portions? yes, Yes, YES!Each entree is easily enough for two or maybe three hungry people. The food is not only abundant but really very tasty. This is the epitome of good old American comfort food. Anything on the menu could be the Wikipedia picture for comfort food.  In fact, if you have a moment can you please update the Wiki, the pictures there are boring and this menu is truly exciting and imaginative. The biscuits and gravy are a must. Wow I loved these. I'd come back just for this plate alone but if I'm going why not get more than just a side.We had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken and the Biscuits and Gravy. This was our breakfast and lunch.Amazing food, great prices and a very nice restaurant. Just short of five stars but a must try. They will never get a Michelin Star and that's good. This isn't pertinacious French food, this is American!  I love this place. I truly hope the owners have seriously considered opening a second location in San Francisco, we really need it. There is a huge niche that needs to be filled in the foggy city. I know what your thinking, "You've already got 4,000+ restaurants and don't need another." We have nothing like this. Please come. There is a 99.9% chance I will return.
4	Hash House A Go Go A Yeah Yeah!  All your favorite all-american dishes with a gourmet touch, blown up to crazy all-american portions!  My faves are the eggs benedict and anything with a waffle. Words of advice: Sharing is Caring!  (for your stomach).
4	Really tasty and fun
2	I can only speak of the location at the M casino.Portions are too big, prices too high and the food is not great.Stay away from the meatloaf... horrible.
5	This place was soooooo YUMMY!!! I had the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and it was AWESOME! The chicken was cooked real right,. Crunchy and the flavor was amazing. The fried leeks on top complimented the dish so well. They put a strip of bacon in the middle of their waffles!!!! Who does that? IT was amazing. Their servings are insanely large, the picture doesn't even do it justice. I saw grown big men cutting their burgers in quarters...  You must visit this place when you go to Vegas!
5	So yummy. Try the fried chicken and waffles- it's a home cooking party in your mouth!  Also the side of Mac and cheese is to die for!  This place is 5 stars!  Hope it comes to the east coast soon!!!
4	A go-to for huge family-outing breakfasts (or late breakfasts on weekends when we get up late and don't feel like cooking).  Without fail, the wee one gets a ginormous chocolate chip pancake  (and manages to finish most of it).  The portions are huge and the food is good.  We've slowly been working our way through the menu, but anything with the sage fried chicken is really good.  The benedicts are good too, but on our last visit they were really busy and some of the food was near cold, which was a little disappointing but I'm not a huge fan of cold smashed taters.  The drinks are good too, bloody marys are great!We've been here for dinner before too and the meatloaf is pretty darn good (the hubs is not a huge meatloaf fan but enjoyed this one).  They're usually pretty busy around brunch time on the weekends though, so go early if you can!
3	Craziest portions ever and the service was a bit slow but damn was the food good.
5	My hands down favorite breakfast place in Las Vegas. Everything on the menu is fantastic, but the Salmon Benedict is a real thing of beauty. A word of warning, though: come hungry. The portion sizes are easily big enough to share.
4	I have gone to Hash House several times and have yet to be disappointed. The portions are huge! My favorite dish is the sage chicken and waffles.You will not be able to finish the food unless you starve yourself for an entire day. I highly recommend checking out Hash House and don't forget to try one of their signature drinks.
3	Service: Great.Food: Acceptable.Environment: There was a wide variety of people there appearance-wise.  I liked that.I ordered a hash with steak and eggs.  It came with a biscuit, which was very dense and crumbled easily.  I prefer moist and light biscuits, like the Pillsbury kind.  Although the environment and service were good, because I go out to eat primary for the food, and because the food was fair, I was neither impressed nor turned off by them.  I might go again to try a different meal.
4	Really yummy cocktails, My fried chicken was a little on the dry side but still pretty good.
4	My husband and I love this place.  We often bring our out of town guest to this place.  The food is always good (although it's a ton of food and always have leftovers)  The only think keeping me from giving 5 stars is that the service is hit or miss.  Sometimes excellent and other times not so hot.  In fact, on one instance, our server was downright rude and her tip was reflective of this.  The majority of the time our overall experience is great...
3	I have been to Hash House several times over the years, usually when friends are in town.  I only go when my group of friends want to go.  It really isn't one of my go to places.  I like the food, but I don't think it is super special.  Yes, you get huge servings and will almost always have leftovers to bring home, which is a plus, but not enough to make me a diehard HH fan.  My complaint would be that the food doesn't have a ton of flavor.  I have had a lot of different items that always sound good, look beautiful, and have great presentation, but almost always the food is lacking flavor.  Everything is bland to me.  I always have to add a ton of salt, pepper, hot sauce, syrup, or something to add some flavor.  I love chicken and waffles in general, but the chicken here is always lacking seasoning. I do think the Kokomo sandwich is quite tasty though!I will probably keep ending up at HH occasionally because so many friends are in love with this place.  I will keep giving it a chance when I am there because I like the concept and the idea of the place.  And like I said, I think it is ok, just nothing amazing.
3	Food is good, alot to choose from. Servings are really big. The place was on tv so it's usually crowded. Close to my house.
5	Taking a break from traditional Vegas buffets, I decided to give this place a try with friends. They're located about 5 miles west of the strip on Sahara Ave. Although the place was fairly busy for a Monday morning, we only waited about 10 minutes for our seat. There rustic and casual take on traditional breakfast and comfort food is insanely good. We ordered the sage fried chicken and waffles, smoked salmon scramble and blueberry pecan flapjacks. We were visually wowed when our food arrived.The sage fried chicken and waffles was massively huge, piled high and beautifully presented. It must have been stacked 8-10 inches high and artistically decorated with huge sprigs of rosemary and sage leaves. I didn't know whether to eat it or pray to the food gods. It was truly amazing and the quality was downright excellent and delicious.The chicken was well seasoned, tender, light crisp on the outside and scrumptious. Inside the waffles were infused with bits and pieces of bacon which caught me off guard and happily surprised. Gratifyingly savory while still sweet, they're definitely better than any chicken and waffles I've tasted before. It makes Rosco's chicken and waffles in LA more like a kid's meal. For you pancake lovers, their flapjacks are incredibly huge and almost the size of a pizza. Most importantly, it was delicious. They don't skimp on toppings either. Each flapjack was packed and full of blueberries and pecans. Every bite had something in it. On a more civilized level, the smoked salmon scramble portions were smaller and regular size compared to the other dishes. Both the brie and pesto provided scrumptious fusion of flavor and texture. Accompanied with potato hash and toast, it was tasty and hearty breakfast.The food here is crazy good and prices are very reasonable (entree $10-$15). Our server was friendly, attentive and refilled our coffee and water promptly. While their over the top presentation and massive portions can be a bit overwhelming and mammoth, they make sure that taste and quality take center stage as well. Enjoyed my first visit and hope to come back many more...
5	If you're not hungry DO NOT COME HERE ! Big appetites are needed when eating here ! I ate the chicken and waffles and was absolutely blown away at the dish .
5	Probably one of my top 5 favorite restaurants. Huge and delicious portions. Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict is to die for!
5	The food is soooo good at Hash House- whenever I have guests in town this is the first stop! Plus, this is a pretty popular place so there may have a short wait but its so worth it !! The food is HUGE- quite literally, 1 plate could feed 2-3 people. So, what I would suggest is order a few things with your group and share! My favorite dish is the Grilled French Toast and my hubby loves the Sage Fried Chicken and bacon waffles!
5	WOW, twisted farm food, more like food on steroids!  I've been here several times now and am running out of things to keep trying, but every time it's been fantastic and the service is top notch.We come usually for breakfast and try to seat at the bar when available, so that we can get the inside intel from the always friendly bar staff regarding the goings on here.Expect to wait as there is always a line, but there are plenty of things on the walls to keep you occupied while waiting to be seated.Start with the Kiwi-watermelon lemonade, not only is it colorful, but tastes fantastic.  Then again ALL of their specialty drinks rock. This last visit my wife ordered Andy's Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and I hand the Snickers Flap Jack with eggs and bacon.  The flap jack was bigger than the plate!I could go on all day about the food, but it only makes me hungry, so I'll leave it to you to give it a try yourself.
3	We have been here several times and always thought it was amazing, but this time our service was terrible, our food was cold and our eggs were not cooked to order. This was a huge disappointment, since we live in another state and this is one of our favorite places to go in Las Vegas. I only gave it 3 stars because I know how good it usually is, based on this visit 1 star would be all it would get. Major disappointment.
5	YUM! Huge servings (ask for half to be boxed from the get go). Biscuits and gravy to die for. Amazing tangerine mimosas too!
1	Way too expensive for the less than mediocre food and service.A large orange juice is more than $5 and it wasn't even fresh squeezed. OJ was even watered-down. Big rip-off if you ask me.
2	Too much food *Maybe that's a good thing*
5	Hash House a Go-Go is our Favorite place to bring family and friends when they are visiting from out of town. Breakfast is served all day and our favorite meal to have there. We love when they order pancakes and the shock on their face when the huge plate arrives.Watermelon lemonade is amazing! First heard about the restaurant  on the Food Network. Everything tastes home cooked and delicious.
2	Over priced and not that good... it's across the street from my home i've eaten there twice in 10+ years... Skip.
5	OMG!!!! So much food so little time to eat! My food was so good! I had the sage chicken stack with pancakes on the side. I couldn't eat a 1/4 of the food. Very tasty, restaurant very cleaned and my waitress was the sweetest person. Very helpful, funny and made sure everything I need was there without me asking such as syrup, ketchup, salt/pepper. 'I couldn't think of anything better for breakfast. This menu is Amazing! I was placing numbers on the items that I was going to get next! I highly recommend this place!GO! GO! GO! I'll meet you there!
2	The food wasn't the best but it was decent The price is a little high for the quality of the meals. Friends got drinks and they enjoyed those.
5	Wow, what a great place! Great atmosphere and food selection. You must try the sage chicken benedict if you're tough enough!!!
5	IF YOU GO TO LAS VEGAS, GO TO HASH HOUSE A GO GO!  And go there HUNGRY.Once again "Man VS. Food" picks a winner.  Huge portions of creative food full of flavor, at reasonable prices (imagine that?).   And PBR for $1.75?  Yes please  Three of us shared the fried chicken benedict, grilled cheese, and bacon cheddar mashed potatoes.  All SO good.  We were stuffed but couldn't resist the bread pudding which was AMAZING.  We were so full and still carried out about four pounds of food.  Our server was fantastic; even he couldn't contain his excitement over the food.  So many places in Vegas will let you down...this place exceeds all expectations.
5	LOVE Hash House A Go Go - at least before I was vegan! On late work nights, I'd stop by there and get the stuffed meat loaf- the kind of meal that makes your heart sing with joy. The ultimate comfort food. I'd order that, and a side salad, to go and that one meal would be enough to feed myself and my husband for dinner with leftovers. (And we can put away some food!) Everything I've ever had there is amazing, the prices are reasonable, and the ambiance is chic. Now come up with some vegan options so I can go back!
5	I have been back to Hash House A Go Go, 3 or 4 times since my first time. They are hands down the best breakfast place ever. The food is amazing and the portions are the largest ive ever seen. The pancake was the size of a place mat and was filled with delicious whole bananas, and the chicken and waffles was awesome! It was better than Roscoes! The chicken was juicy and the waffles were infused with whole strips of bacon. The servers were friendly and helpful. Overall it was amazing and you have not had breakfast until you have eaten at Hash House A Go Go!
5	Great place, come hungry
5	Very,very good food only thing is you better be hungry cause everything is HUGE !!!
1	I was really craving breakfast food so my husband brought me here. When we arrived, we were sat in the back of the restaurant next to the exit. Every other table had cloth napkins and for whatever reason, ours were paper. Our waitress kept forgetting our order. She completely forgot to put in the order for my sons pancake. She dropped a used fork on the ground and got food on my Michael Kors bag and left the fork sitting on the floor. We asked for another plate and she brought us a clearly used plate.Needless to say, we absolutely will not be returning.
5	This place was amazing. Huge portions, delicious food, great friendly service. Great Experience!
4	Hash House A Go Go has a menu that is hit or miss.  Has a loyal fan of Hash House (I even have a shirt) this is the only problem with Hash House.  This might be my own personal opinion, but I've talk to other locals in Vegas and a lot agree with this statement.Hash House has it's one flaw but everything else is right on.  Very HEALTHY portions, customer service is always right on.  Sometimes you gotta wait but it's never more than 5 to 10 minutes.  I always seem to pick a great time to come as I've only had to wait once and it was a 7 minute wait.Like I said... when you order you always have a hit or miss issue.  When you get something that hits... it is amazing.  I think I'm going to go tomorrow!
4	Three words:  AH MAY ZING! The food is superb, and there's plenty of it. Dieters and calorie counters beware. This isn't the spot for low cal. It's go big or go home! The Waffles were something to write home about, cause they had the meat candy (bacon) right on the inside. The bloody mary with the bacon rim is on my list of items for my final meal. It's not just a restaurant... it's a destination.
5	Very good food!!!!
3	I've been to Hash House three times (once for breakfast, twice for lunch). The food is BIG, and tasty...but the service is very uneven, with slow check-backs from the server, and long delays in delivery of food. If you don't mind less-than-attentive service, a trip to Hash House is definitely worth it. Personally, I like it for breakfast more than lunch...
5	If your in Vegas you MUST eat here! Great food and great service!!!!
2	I had been here twice years ago. We were meeting family for brunch they selected this establishment. We found out you cannot make reservations. We were a party of 8. The person on the phone suggested coming by 10:30 before the church crowd arrives. We did arrive at 10:30 and it was crazy busy. We put our name on the list and waited. They seemed to forget about us and gave our table away after having told us they had one just waiting for that party to finish up. After another 10 minutes  we were seated. It is so noisy inside. You cannot even hear yourself think, never mind have a conversation. Not an ideal situation for seeing family from out of town. Once seated the staff was very accommodating. The service was great. The food not so much. I found my dish the Indiana favorite sage chicken with eggs very bland. I did not care for the mashed potatoes, again no flavor. The biscuit was good. And quite frankly it is just too much darn food.
5	Another Food Restaurant featured on Man vs Food and Triple D's. This place was recommended to me by my concierge. I gotta say that was a good recommendation. She said to only go to this one which is located on Sahara Ave. I went here, walked in and on the walls in the entrance they have pictures with all kinds of celebs that have been to this location. The decor was nice. I chose to order the chicken and waffles. One thing I have to say is this place is pricey, so if your not willing to pay almost $20 to eat one of there special dishes per person, then your not going to like this place. But in defense of the price every plate I saw coming out of the kitchen the portions were humongous beyond normal. Even larger than Claim Jumpers portions.  No one person can eat an entire plate alone. The chicken and waffles I ordered came with two huge chicken breast 4 big waffles with bacon inside with fried leaks, green onions, red, yellow and orange bell peppers with two tomatoes on the side. You get two huge biscuits with the order your as well. I would recommend Hash House A Go Go to anyone that wants to try them out.
4	Huge portions! Great service.
4	Just got back from Vegas and something's changed at Hash House from a couple of years ago when I visited last.The Bloody Mary was watered down and very drab.  It has a big hunk of brick-hard, dry toast hanging on the side.  It was nothing like I remembered.I then jumped into my Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and it too had changed...for the worse.  It was really bland and just a pile of mashed potatoes with a dry biscuit split on top and a fried chicken breast on top of that.  Piled on top of it all was a pile of bland scrambled eggs, cheddar cheese and a spicy cream sauce.  The sauce was nice and the chicken breast was flavored well but that was it.I wished I had gone with my tried and true favorite: the banana and brown sugar flapjack.
5	This place never disappoints. Servings are huge and they don't sacrifice quality for quantity. I ate here twice the last time I was in Vegas and they have opened more locations since then. I'm thinking Chicago in the near future. If you're going during "conventional" breakfast hours (I mean come one it IS Vegas we're talking about here) be prepared to wait and wait, but it is worth it. Get something that comes out right away to share or nibble on. Service staff are great they really enjoy their jobs and know the menu well.
5	I have to come here when I go to vegas.  My favorite meal of the day is breakfast and do they serve it!  Huge portions!  Sadly I always come here Sunday morning which is the worst time to go.  I end up waiting for an hour.  But that's okay, makes me hungrier for the food!  I get the corned beef hash and blueberry pancakes.  Sooo good.  They also have this homemade peach jam thing you can put on your fresh biscuits.  Their drinks are super good too, I wish I was there right now.. Sigh
1	I went back  to the hash house a no no I mean a go go...And it was some how better the last time when I gave it two stars. I don't know why most people love it. But for me the food taste like paper. It just has no flavor. And how many times can u rush someone and say we going to close in ten mins. LMAO will I be back to the go go...ugh heck no no.
4	Their sage chicken hash with asparagus, I crave it in my sleep, lol just kidding but it's my favorite breakfast item for sure!
1	Not a fan.  Have eaten a couple of times at the Sahara/Rainbow location.  Huge portions, but the food isn't great.  Service has been meh every time I've gone.  I do appreciate a restaurant with a drink menu at breakfast, but it doesn't overcome the negatives.  And giant sprigs of rosemary don't make the food haute...it's just an inedible stick on the plate.
5	Best Fried Chicken and Waffles I have ever eaten!! Great service
5	Large portions, reasonable prices. The food was DELICIOUS!I ordered the chorizo hash brown omelette. The potatoes were a perfect beautiful golden brown and tasted just as good as they looked. Service was quick and friendly. And I had left overs for dinner : )
5	Love this place!  Huge effing burger for a great price!  Delicious options!
5	THEY HAVE THE BEST Mango coconut pancakes!!!!! O to the M G!!! Favorite pancakes EVAAA! you guys rock for late nite yummies!!!
4	HUUUUUGE portions and interesting and tasty flavor combinations.  You can easily split any of their plates.  Even if you think you're a big eater or really hungry, be prepared to take food home with you.  I haven't had anything but breakfast there, but a Bloody Mary and the Chicken and Waffle stack are to die for.
5	The food was AMAZING!  Not only was the food but our waitress was great.  She even advised me on what was coming AND she was from IL.  It was her last day and they are missing out.  The food trumps everything.  We had 11 people at the table and everyone loved their food and wished there was one in Chicago.Next time I'm in Vegas I'll be going back, guaranteed!
5	fantastic service, delicious food, and i can sit at the bar during my long on-call shifts for UMC  and not be disturbed.
4	enjoyed the food and nice feel in the dining room. The place is very busy which is good but the noise level was a bit too loud. I'll go back though!
4	This place is by far (in my opinion) the best brunch selection in Las Vegas. I would recommend trying chicken(grilled) and waffles. The service is excellent and the prices are decent. Def a must try spot if your looking to try something new.
4	Twisted farm food? Sure it tastes good! I stopped in for lunch and had one of their famous stuffed burgers. I had the crumbled blue cheese and it was cooked perfectly. Cheese was oozing and the blue cheese with the burger, onions, and tomato complimented each other great. For me the fries were just okay. I asked for a side of ranch to dip but by the time I got it my food was almost gone. They were wicked busy. I want to come back and try breakfast. This place has a different menu depending on the time of day. Open until 10 pm everyday.
5	From the time we walked in the service was excellent!! Excellent Bloody Marys in the waiting area and amazing wait service. The only thing you need to remember is "Make sure you're hungry" the portions are insane.
5	Yum yum yumpancake =delicioussage fried chicken= deliciousone lb burger #5 = deliciousquick friendly service. Large delicious portions +++Will be going back
4	What else can I say about this place but WOW! The portions are HUGE! The food is really good, and the service was great the one time I was here. I couldn't believe the portion size and usually when you get a portion size that big the food quality suffers but not here. The pancakes are the size of manhole covers! If you can eat any of these plates in a sitting you should be seeing a doctor about your cholesterol and heart problems :). Oh and the prices are more than fair for the food you recieve
2	Just like the second star says: Meh. I''ve experienced better. The portions I must say are a plus; however, it doesn't matter if your food doesn't taste all that great. I think it was a mistake on me not to have ordered the most famous item on the menu: The Man Vs Food one. Yet, I read the reviews ahead of time and was persuaded by many yelpers that anything here tastes great. Wrong. I ordered the Benedict, and to be completely honest, I felt like Ihop tasted way better. Ouch, it hurt me to even type that knowing that this place has such high ratings. I sat all the way back in the secluded room- in the corner. Uhm, there was SO MUCH MORE room in the main dining room. I felt banished from eating with society. Flagging down the waiter was the worst part. Since I sat where the kitchen was, or where I believed the kitchen was, waiters would only care about their own table. My waiter was no where to be found when I needed a KNIFE to eat my Benedict. My waiter also recommended their house drink: something Watermelon. Honestly people, it is not worth your money. My mindset to seeing the prices was: Hey I'm in Vegas. It's EDC weekend. I just want to live my youth. Money is less of my worries right now. But seriously, 5-6 bucks for a glass of watermelon juice... just no. I was literally in and out in 20 minutes.
3	The Good: easy parking, good food, good serviceThe Bad: location is so-soThe Ugly: hmmm, I would have said the decor, except that its so bad it sort of comes full circle back to cool, or something...
5	All I can say about this place is HUGE portions that can be shared with a lot of people. Gotta try their famous Andy's sage waffle and chicken. That sucker is huge and inside the waffle, it has bits of bacon. Yes, I said bacon. Bacon lovers get the chicken and waffle!Every time I go here I always get good service and nothing bad seems to happen. They have set hours for breakfast/lunch and dinner. They close for about 2 and a half hours to get their dinner situated. Very good place to eat your heart out. Go there hungry.
4	Delicious!  Huge portions!  I highly recommend the Biscuits and Gravy!
3	The food is decent and the service is okay. What you are paying for is presentation and huge portions. This is a good place to take out-of-towers just to hear them say "Wow, that looks good!" The food just doesn't measure up to the high expectations that you'll have after seeing the food. Oh, and you'll have to wait forever to be seated.
4	I go here quite often and the food is delicious. Service is fast and efficient, though it is very busy on the weekends.
5	Multiple times I have been to this HashHouse and each and every time these people are filled with awesomeness.  Waiters/waitresses on point, friendly and attentive.  It seems as though everyone takes pride in customer service.  If I don't see my waitress/waiter I don't even have to ask for them.   A different waiter/waitress from a separate section may notice my coffee is low and offer me more.  Great TeamWork!!  Today I had the tractor driver combo with vanilla waffles.  A++  We also had Chocolate chip pancakes, french toast, and the Chicken and waffles.  The survey from everyone was A+++
5	Their food is SOOOO good! I have eaten there a few times, and I have always been impressed by the food and the presentation.
5	My friend and I ordered a pancake and we were so full after splitting one pancake. It is HUGE!!!! We ordered a cinnamon banana pancake and it was delicious!
5	Any of the Hashes are awesome! Also, try the chicken and waffles. The waffles have bacon in it.Didn't try a burger but they are stacked! 1lb!Huge portions!Features on DDD!
5	Fun, huge portions..ultimately good food.
4	I've never been here before until two days ago. I went to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. As soon as we got there, we were seated. I liked not having to wait and the woman smiling at us. The menu is a little pricey but I must admit, the food portions were HUGE! The food is very fresh. While we waited for our order, they gave us a fresh biscuit to munch on. I snuck away from my boyfriend to ask someone if they could sing happy birthday to him, he said they didn't do that but he would see what he could do. My boyfriend and I both ended up unable to finish our food (which was VERY good by the way!) so we took it home. The man never came back to tell me what he could do or if there was anything he could so as far as singing happy birthday but that's okay. Very nice place with a home-y feel. I would come back, but only for special occasions :)
5	This place has become one of my Vegas traditions. Nestled inside what used to be the Imperial Palace, now The Quad, the Hash House is open 24hrs for breakfast, lunch and dinner. I've only eaten breakfast here, but with the size of the portions this one serving could feed you all day. Everything is farm fresh and homemade. Their pancakes are the size of a car tire, no joke! The brown sugar and banana is my favorite and it should come with a side of insulin because this thing is sweet tooth heaven! They also make amazing hashes that come with biscuits the size of softballs!Decor is industrial-farm warehouse. For breakfast come early or you will be waiting. Service here is always friendly and they have really good coffee. Overall amazing food and perfect for a Vegas hangover meal!
4	loved it, as always. the one inside the Quad is outrageously big, but our server was great and the food was crazy good. you must try the chicken and waffles at least once in your life. even the leeks are amazing. we'll be back for sure.
2	Hash House ... Oh No No...Bigger isn't better.  A lot of mediocre food... packed with sugar...  in huge portions... is not my idea of a good restaurant.  In fact...  Just the opposite is true in my opinion.  The food is bland and sweet.  Nothing stands out other than portion size.  My stomach turned as soon as I sat down and saw the plates around me.  Never again.  Not my thing.  Hip servers, cool environment...  and bad food.  NO NO  Don't Go!
3	We had a table of 8. It bothers me when servers KNOW that they will be automatically tipped with a table more than, so they are non existent. This is what happened here. I got the famous sage chicken and waffles, and it was HUGE. I shared with my brother. ALL OF THEIR PORTIONS ARE HUGE AND SHOULD BE SHARED.  We had to talk to the manager to get our server over  to us. The place was clean, food was good, but service was horrible.
4	Hangover food. Yes. The plates here are definitely shareable or for take-home for a second meal. I had the chicken biscuit benedict with a chipotle, and it was incredible. The flavors were so good in each bite and the combination of bacon, eggs, chicken, biscuits, mashed potatoes, chipotle gravy and garnish seems crazy weird, but it is full of win.Would like to come back for lunch and see what the burgers are all about, too. Probably another surefire hangover cure. Mental note...check!
5	MAN did I love this place! I really love how creative they are with their presentation. The Fried Chicken Benedict was almost doing too much, but it was worth it! The corned beef hash was great. I have no complaints at all about that. The blueberry pecan flapjack was amazing. We were all talking about the pecans. Then later on that night I snuck away to try one of the scrambles. Another hit!! Everything was amazing!
1	Food probably gets 2 1/2 stars. The waffles and chicken was pretty good.  But nothing spectacular. Mostly upset about being seated in the worst table in the restaurant even thought it was about 90% empty when we walked in. When we asked for a booth they said sorry that's for party of 5 or more. This was obviously a lie as they went ahead and seated two groups later with 4 people. And they were all white. Very disappointing.  What's even worse, we all had stomach "problems" afterwards. All in all a horrible experience.
5	Delicious. One of the best places u have been for breakfast and ridiculous portions too. Only down side is the wait but it's to be expected for food so good.
2	True the portions are huge, but I found nothing special about this place.  I ordered the waffles and hubby had a burger, and it was good, but nothing to write home about.  What really displeased me was the lack of service.  The waiter seemed to think that because we weren't ordering any alcohol, that he had better tables to wait on (as in the table next to us, who he was plenty attentive to, as they ordered about 12 drinks between the four of them).  I always tip 20% if it's just a good experience, so never judge a book  by it's cover.  So it took 90 minutes to eat there and never got a refill.  If you're looking for a good breakfast, save your money and go to Dennys... you'll get better service at least.
4	Good food, but way too much. Great taste, but too much reliance on bacon. Prices good. It is a good place to eat, even if what and how much isn't really good for you. I will be going back; its my compulsion.
4	Excellent food and service, HUGE portions, the only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because they serve amazing quality food and ruin it by giving you fake chemical ridden fake syrup. They should at least offer it at an upgraded price if it is too expensive to serve to everyone.
1	I will never return to this place again. Horrible, cold and disgusting food. Service was horrible and was a waste of $80! Never again.
5	Awesome!  Best food we had the whole time we were in Vegas.  The menu selections are so creative & different, and one dish was endorsed by the show 'Man -vs- Food'.  Got the Sage Chicken & Waffles and it was delish. When in Las Vegas, you must eat here!!
4	Great food!  Lacks healthy options, as the portions could feed a small colony.  But, with that being said - the food is inventive, has great presentation, and tastes good.  I recommend the snickers pancakes (if you aren't on a diet).  ;)
4	The portions are huge and you definitely have to go there when you're starving.  The meatloaf sandwich is a winner.
4	This is one of my favorite places to take visiting family and friends. Be aware that the portions are HUGE. As in, you NEED to split something with someone else, or be prepared to take half of your entree home. Everyone raves about the chicken and waffles, and while it is an impressive spectacle, I found both the chicken and the waffles to be terribly bland. One dish I keep coming back to is the sun dried tomato , goat cheese and basil omelette with crispy potatoes. This thing is full of flavor and tastes ridiculously fresh. The biscuits here are out of this world; you have to try it with the house-made strawberry jam and honey butter! I've also had the chicken biscuit benedict, and it's definitely my second favorite meal at this place. The husband ALWAYS orders the sage fried chicken, and it is ALWAYS delicious! Flavorful, juicy, and you'll have a second portion to take home and enjoy the next day.Friends I have taken to this establishment always leave disappointed if they order a salad or a sandwich, so, be warned....
5	This Hash House A Go Go has become a must stop by, place to eat when in Vegas!  There are so many great places to dine when in Vegas.  This place is not close to the strip, so it doesn't hit a lot of people radars when they search Yelp for a great place to eat.  But if you're willing to take a little drive or cab ride off the strip and want a super meal, breakfast-lunch or dinner, this Hash House A Go Go is a fantastic place to go!!Location~ just a couple of miles off the strip in the Asian Market area.  The restaurant is very clean and inviting and easy to find.  It has a great ambiance that is family friendly. Food~ it's hard to choose from one of their many hash skillets if you're dining for breakfast or just feel like eating breakfast for dinner.  Their veggie and corn beef hash skillets are two of my faves.  Both are DELISH, served with eggs of your choice, on top of potatoes and with a biscuit (or what ever you would like to eat)!  They also have super burgers and pretty extensive menu with loads of things to choose from.  Yes, their portions are huge, so you may want to share with a friend if you're not hungry :-)Service~ it's always top notch.  They are very accommodating even for the pickiest of eaters.   They are very friendly and eager to help you.  This is one of the best places to dine in Vegas off the strip.  They offer flavorful food and super service.  I hope to see you there some day soon.
1	Website shows restaurant is open until 10pm ... Yelp shows its open until 930pm. Went to restaurant at 9:10pm doors were closed/locked ! Get your restaurant hours on various websites straight.
3	Portions are huge, but that doesn't makeup for the food quality.  It's hit or miss.  I feel like the "wow" comes from the portion size and presentation, and taste is last on their things to do right.
5	I finally made a stop at this place after wanting to do so for months now. I'm so glad I stopped by the food was delicious and the portion was huge. Customer service was great and I will definitely be returning soon. Yuuuuuum! I recommend to all the foodies. Perfect place to kill the munchies -_-
3	3-1/2 stars.In this episode of me vs. food, food has triumphed. I got my ass kicked by a chocolate chip pancake. The pancake sitting on the plate looked deceivingly flat. It was at least a half an inch thick by 12 inches. I thought it would be no problem for me to kill this thing, since the last time, I was here, I completely finished an Original Farm Benedict, and still had room for dessert. Must be getting old - I took half of it home and had it for breakfast the next morning. Spiked Watermelon Kiwi Juice was refreshing - ordered it with an extra shot of vodka. This meal was definitely carb overload. My desire for pancakes has been satiated for the year - hopefully.
2	There is just too much going on on one plate.  Portions are way to big and there is a sauce over almost everything.  To me that's a sign that the food isn't that grea.t
5	I love this place. Good food, huge servings and good service. I would recommend this place for family gatherings or any other ocassions.
5	Its like a fancy Heart Attack Grill... but better!  My favorite is the Eggs benidict and it is a must try!
5	AWESOME FOOD!!!  Plates are enough to share.
4	Had a coupon for buy one get one for the Tractor Trailer Special -- IE a GIANT flapjack, eggs and a side.  We went at night because the line was so long at night and with the coupon, this was a very reasonably priced restaurant on the LV Strip.  Not sure if I needed that big of a flapjack but it was good to take for breakfast the next day!  Great service, held up their reputation of good bloody mary's, wish I would have tried something else on the menu!
5	The food here is sooo good! I love eating here and the drinks are good too,  jessica was a great bartender! I didn't really know what I wanted so she just made up a drink for me and it was sooo good!
5	Love this place the chicken and waffles rock!!!!
5	This place is absolutely AWESOME! The portions will have even the largest of appetites begging for a go box, come and check it out and my recommendation is the hand hammed pork cutlet benedict.... sounds country, because it is!
4	Very good breakfast!  the portions are pretty damn big!Go there when in downtown Las Vegas!
4	Trip to Hash House A-Go-Go always end up with happy tummy and smiles.  The portions are huge and very satisfying from all angles.  Presentation, taste, staff, all combined will result in happy returning customers.  Way to go!Wish they have daily specials that are within normal lunch budget .  Maybe it's something they can add in the future.($10 range including drinks at smaller portion plate).
5	This place is awesome  great  fresh food. We ned  1 in Phx Az
1	Too Much Food!!! If you go to HHAGG, get a plate and split it.
4	Really good sausage pot pie, the potatoes were so good.  It was huge - so bring your appetite or a doggie bag.
4	Big portion, reasonable, and a very friendly environment.  A good place after a night of drinking!
5	I never would have ordered the fried chicken benedict had I not see the episode on Diners, Drive-Inns, and Drives. I'm so glad I did! It was one of the best things I have ever eaten! The restaurant was clean and adorable. There was a bit of a wait to be seated but well worth the wait. Staff was friendly, food arrived fast and portions were huge! Love, love, loved this place. Can't wait to go back.
3	My family drove me here after a sleepless night right after EDC.  We got chicken and waffles, crispy pork tenderloin,  and a sage fried chicken benedict. I was not mentally there to remember all the details or take pictures of food that day but I've had other trips to this place before and after EDC.The food portions are for giants or about 3 people.  It's supposed to be hangover food but I remember feeling sicker after I ate and took 2/3 of my plate to-go. The food is marginal but thanks to Man vs Food, this place is popular especially with tourists. It's supposed to be food inspired by the MidWest. I'm from the MidWest and we've had better stuff to eat there. The chicken and the tenderloin were so fried, you can hurt your mouth while eating.I'd like to write descriptions of each dish but thinking about it make me feel woozy. However, they do have a good watermelon drink with alcohol.
5	Its a great place to visit , the food is good .The food portions are for giants or about 3 people., this place is popular especially with tourists.
5	Great place.  Fun atmosphere.  Great comfort food.  Serving sizes could feed three people.  Bring your doggie bag.
2	Okay, so I guess I should start by saying that we came for breakfast, first time trying their breakfast menu. They had tons of yummy sounding options, but I settled on a blueberry pecan pancake, over medium eggs, and bacon. My boyfriend got the french toast.His french toast sounded soo good on the menu description, and when it was served, it looked fantastic, except for the griddled bananas (served in the peel, which was black and mushy, tasted good but very unappealing looking) his french toast tasted like nothing, and was mushy and in general, just kind of blah.My pancake was HUGE, and yummy, but my over medium eggs were basically raw, I mean the yolks were super runny (which is fine, I never, ever send food back) I was going to eat them until I noticed that the whites werent even cooked, I mean, runny whites on an over medium egg? Yuck! I asked the waitress for new ones and she obliged saying, "oh sure, you might want more of an over medium." Um, yeah cause that's what I ordered. She brings the eggs back out and clearly the cook was annoyed that they got sent back, because he cooked the crap out of these eggs, I mean, they were beyond well done. Whatever, I mean the pancake was so huge I didn't even need the eggs at that point.Fast forward to them picking up the bill, I was paying by credit, they took the card, and then a different person came back and asked for Id, which I accidentally left at home. (If its your policy to get Id for credit cards, that's fine, but maybe ask for the identification before you run the card?) I explained I didn't have it and instead of offering another option he glared at me and asked if it was really my card. I mean, come on. I said that yes it is my card and he just mumbled something under his breath and walked off! We had cash, and would have paid in cash! To top it off we had to wait another few minutes for them to bring me a pen so I could sign the receipt.  Really? I wanted to love this place, again the menu for breakfast is really enticing. But our general experience was way off.All in all, I've eaten here a few times (other times for dinner) and in general, they definitely wow you with portion sizes but they lack actual flavor. They describe their food as midwestern farm food with a twist. After eating here a handful of times I'm convinced the twist is the portion size and the giant sprig of rosemary they serve with everything.
3	Food was great! There specialty is to die for. But I do wish the service was friendlier.
3	I have been here once and wasn't as impressed by the food. I ordered the sage chicken pasta and it was nothing special. Presentation was amazing, but I went to eat, not look lol. Not to mention I'm from the south so maybe I'm spoiled with the good southern cooking that I'm used to!
4	The service at Hash House A Go Go  is always personable and friendly, and the food is so delicious!  I recommend anything with their meatloaf.  I usually don't eat meatloaf at home or anywhere else, but for some reason, I really enjoy Hash House A Go Go's meatloaf.The place is usually always hopping, so expect large crowds and loud ambiance.  The food portions are HUGE, so bring an appetite or be prepared to bring home lots of food!  I definitely recommend Hash House A Go Go for anyone looking to eat a hearty meal with their friends and family!
4	came here for the first time with my friends and their food is really good.my friend had the pork tenderloin which was really good. i had the chicken and waffles which surprised me because the waffles had bacon inside of it. although the waffle tasted bland, the bacon made up for it. they have really big portions for the price they charge. lots of people but the service is still good. would definitely come back. also, i realized after i ate that this was featured on man vs food, which explains why their portions are so big.
4	So much food.
5	See Nick for the best service ever!
5	The kiwi watermelon lemonade. omg.
3	I went a few months back for the first time after years of hearing the hype. I had my mind set up before I went that I was going to try the bacon bloody mary and the eggs benedict. While the bloody mary was on point, the eggs benedict was a miss for me. For starters, it is a massive amount of food, which is ok, but since I truly missed that traditional hollandaise sauce taste, I left a lot un eaten. Also had a giant sprig of rosemary on the dish that I didn't care to have on there. Service was good, but won't be running back any time soon.
5	very good..   huge plates!!
5	Came in here around 12pm for late breakfast. Got seated in about 10 minutes. Awesome. Waiter took our order. Recommended the Chorizo Hash :) great service, I'll be sure to tip extra ;)
4	The portions here are huge, but the food is tasty and the plating is impressive. Who knew you could make so much food look so elegant? I tend to get the same handful of entrees when I come here. The chicken and waffles and fried chicken biscuit benedict are my favorites and my go to items if I can't decide what I want. If you're not much of an eater, you'll want to share with a friend. I've come to this location during lunch and dinner and its typicaly packed during the meal rush hours. Wait times can be around 15-20 min sometimes, but you can always opt to sit in the bar area and not have to wait at all. Service is decent here even when it's completely packed and it's better than some of their other locations
4	OMG, I am so FULL!  Crab Cake and the ribs are my two favorite apps there! Be sure to try them. ps...don't fill up on the biscuit!
5	We had a great time with great food! The staff was kind and we ended up calling the manager over to put in a good word for our server.
5	The sage chicken benedict  is one of the best things I've ever eaten. Came here because of man v food, but kept coming back every morning because everything was so tasty.The pancakes are HUGE, and tastes amazing.
1	Went there, waited 20 minutes for a seat next to an obnoxiously loud group, right next to the kitchen where I was in the path of all of the employees and on top of all that, a very loud radio speaker above my head. I asked for another table and the waiter, or host or whatever his job title is, told me if I wanted to relax and enjoy my meal than I was in the wrong place...I agree. Needless to say my wife and I walked out and never tried their food.
4	they turned the imperial palace into something called the quad but this place survived the renovation. the food is good the service slow and the portions massive.
4	Great food always. It is a good place for having brunch with my family and friends. I love their big portioned dishes.
4	Portions were huge and yummy huge menu selection !! Must go
5	This is one of my favorite places to go!  I have never been disappointed by the quality of the food and the presentation is fantastic!  Only downsides are:  You may have to wait for quite a while if you go at peak times, the prices look a bit steep (though you get soo much food that it is worth it), and it is noisy.  Though all of those are not really downsides in my mind, I would still wait 45 if I happened to have a craving for a Snickers pancake on a Sunday morning! :DRecommendations:  Watermelon kiwi lemonade, Snickers pancake, Meatloaf...  Everything I have tried so far has been amazing! :D
4	Over-sized servings makes for a great tasting way to share a breakfast with my wife.
3	service was good but i was a bit disappointed in my food. The amount of food you get is awesome but i was disappointed in the fact that my potatoes came out cold and my vegetables were way overcooked. Ribs were good though. I hope the next time i come back the food is much better.  I liked the tilted glass i got and the bloody mary that came with it.
3	Tasty and huge portions.
2	Whaaaat?  Friends recommended this, Yelp had pretty solid reviews, and we got a great vibe upon entering.  The place was packed, which is always a good sign, and we lucked out to find a spot immediately at the bar.  I have to say that despite it being a busy holiday weekend, the service at the bar was impeccable.  They were engaging, friendly, and clearly working their tails off.  That's where the good stuff ended though.  The menu looked great at first glance, and we had a difficult time deciding what to order... so we asked for help from the bartender.  She recommended the fried chicken, biscuit, potato breakfast dish.  It seemed like a good choice, but when it arrived, it was honestly just too much.  Too many components... too large of portions... you honestly couldn't tell where one thing started and another thing ended.  It was just a huge bunch of slop on a plate.  We shared it, and there was still plenty leftover.  I think if they had a more restrained concept of the dish, it would've worked so much better.  The mimosas (tangerine and pineapple) were okay.  I wish we would've tried one of the delicious looking iced coffee drinks we saw headed to other tables.  But, with our lack-of-luck with the meal, we decided to just call it a day and head out!
1	Very bad management!!!  They spill my drink all over my crotch and can't comp my meal.  And they still charged me for the drink on my pants.  ASSHOLES!!
5	me and my family love eating out here,  excess amounts of delicious foods!!   we love coming here esp. on breakfast.
5	Great service and awesome food. More then I can handle but it was all good. Def got to check this place out
5	Awesome "farm" food but not your typical Auntie May fare.  This is as good as breakfast gets...just be warned, you will spend a pretty penny on it.  As long as the quality reflects the price tag I'll pay it lol!  I strongly recommend the Bloody Marys.
4	Large portions?  Sure.  Above average flavor? Why not? Especially after a hangover, it's gonna taste that much better.  But what about the price of the food?  For what you get, I say that's pretty spot on!This was a while back but from what I can remember, that chicken and waffle stack was pretty epic.  Words like fun, different, and tall came to mind while eating through this meal.  One could easily share this meal with another person.  Service is very standard, nothing extraordinary but they definitely did the job.Would I come back here on my next Vegas trip?  If I'm in the mood for LARGE portions with a LOT of heavy food, then most definitely.
1	This is the most overhyped place I've ever tried. I had their roasted chicken hash and it was the most bland tasting thing I've ever had in my life. In fact, it was even served to me lukewarm. To top it off, the waitress and management did NOTHING to rectify the situation when I complained. Bad food, bad customer service. Save your money for one of the many better food options out here.
3	Interesting menu choices. Yet, some dishes are bland. Love the crab cakes and tiger prawns. Huge portions. Service has often times been subpar.
5	Biggest complaint:  portions are absolutely overwhelming!  When I can't come close to finishing my plate (and I'm in Vegas so I can't take home the leftovers and put them in the fridge), I feel like I'm getting ripped off a little!As a native Oregonian who spent a couple years living in Portland, I feel like this place would fit in well there: a foodie's dream, plus the decor was farmer-hipster :)  That said, I thought it was fun and really liked it!I had a skillet full of breakfast awesomeness.  It was flavored so well and they used olive oil (yum!).  I think I maybe finished 1/3 of it, and I'm no wimpy eater.My husband had their famed chicken and waffles, and will attest that they live up to their reputation!!
4	yum yum yum! In total I've been to hash house a go go 3 time in my pre-yelp days so I feel as though I should write a review. Good - The breakfast food is great with gigantic portions, good food, and a myriad of choices to suit your cravings. The service every time I've been here has been excellent. They have always strived to make the dining experience shine. Their knowledge of their products and their friendly yet professional demeanor are very high pluses. Edmund, our waiter, was great at explaining everything and keeping us happy.Okay- the dinner menu isn't the shining star of the restaurant. I feel as they go for quantity but in doing so the quality of the food is shot, not greatly but still noticeably. Bad- there want anything I found bad. If I had to find something to be picky about its the prices of the drinks. A bit steep.
5	Hash House a Go Go (on W Sahara) has been a go-to favorite restaurant of mine since I moved to Las Vegas. They have all of the right ingredients for an amazing dining experience: great food, great service and great beer.Their food quality is top-notch. I was once told by a server that there are no heat lamps, microwaves or freezers in their kitchens. I don't know if that's actually true but the food always feels "real". And, the portions are massive and beautifully plated!Best of all, they have one of my favorite beers on tap; Stone IPA. Keep it up, Hash House. I'm a big fan.
5	This food is amazing!  The portions are huge, so it's best to split a meal with someone else.
2	A lot of food, but I wasn't thrilled.  Just not my taste.
2	I just don't get it. The hype is there. It's been on TV multiple times and the place is always packed. The portions are huge, even by Claim Jumper standards, but I just don't get why so many people love this place considering that every single time I've gone there (because someone else wanted to go), I have never had a very good tasting meal. It's like they are afraid of using salt or actually flavoring the food. Bland doesn't begin to cover it. Once you are seated, the service is good, fast, and generally friendly, though some of the staff members seem a little stressed or annoyed at times. My largest issue with this place is the food. Massive quantities with a rosemary sprig only go so far when it's not followed up with delicious flavor. I have had their skillets, pancakes, and even a burger. None of them stood out as being something I would have again.  Yet every time I'm hosting a friend from out if town, I am dragged there because of the hype and publicity. I just don't get it.
5	Amazing food! Great service! This place is a must visit! The meatloaf pasta is GREAT! Hearty portions are a plus! I will be going back to here and often!
4	This place is awsome there was a wait of 20 min but it felt more like 5 min. The sage fried chicken is bomb.com it was very much comfort food. I am a big guy and can usually put down a fair amount of food but this is deff something that should be shared with a side of hashbrowns.
2	I visited here twice and was impressed with how beautifully plated and appetizing the food looked.  I tried what I believe was the sage fried chicken. The taste didn't quite measure up to the looks though.  It was kind of bland for my taste, but if you don't mind bland and overpriced, you may very well enjoy HHAGG... or make that  HHANG for Hash House A No Go
4	Amazing place to grab breakfast, but be careful not to go overboard as their portions are quite generous!
5	Really like both locations in town and seems like the only place to get a pork tenderloin sandwich here anymore
4	Hash House is known for their big portions and comfort food.  If you want a small plate with an egg and a piece of bread for $24...you will have a bad time here. Go find some stupid spot on the strip to rip you off to the max.  This place is great.  Always good service, and most of the time..you leave with as much food as u stuffed in your face at the table.This time for me...I came very hungry.  Ordered the chicken and waffles, since I had it before and loved it. The waffles have bacon in them..bacon.  The syrup is sweet enough to offset the saltiness of the chicken.  Perfect pair.  The sage they put on the chicken, gives it such a unique flavor that I just love! When your plate comes...its beautiful.  Very well put together and decorated.  All you can do is stare, take it in, then devise a plan of attack...as I did this day.  I was determined to leave with nothing in my had but my car keys.The steak knife holding the dish together is needed.  I cut that thing up methodically and devoured it.  Even got a compliment from one of the waitresses who was impressed with how I took down the plate.  I didn't know if I should be completely proud of myself...or run to the gym since I now feel like the fattest person in our universe. All-in all...I didn't have doggy bag.  Mission accomplished.All the food here is great.  Can't go wrong with anything.  If you want to be prissy and complain about portion size? Go somewhere else.The End (drops keyboard like a boss...not really...cuz then I'm screwed)
3	The portions here are huge. The flapjacks are bigger than everyone's head. I got the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit which was pretty good. The only reason I knocked off a star is because many of the menu items can be a bit pricey. Most of the plates range from $13-$17 each dish. I also like how many of the breakfast platters are served in the actual skillet that they used to cook the food in. It was a fun experience, but I do not think I will be coming back here for awhile.
1	NOT WORTH THE EXPENSE!Tamara C was our waitress, she took a very long time to get to our table to take our order. We had 2 other waitresses help us and ask If we needed anything before she ever got there.I ordered the 2 egg basic breakfast with turkey sausage which end really chicken sausage but the waitress didn't even tell me that. I asked for it to be well done, well...... the sausage came out not well done and the eggs were very wet still and were not fully cooked. When the waitress came back to the table I asked if she could please take it back and have it cooked well done. Her answer was well I told them to make it well done and then she rolled her eyes and took off to get some plates to transfer my undercooked, underwhelming food back. She should have never rolled her eyes, this was extremely unprofessional and she should have just said no problem let me have that fixed for you.When I was a waitress we never made it the customers fault although sometimes it could have been. We never put blame on our cooks or anything of the sort. We just pleasantly said let me have that corrected for you!So the moral of the Story is she gas overwhelmed by how many tables she had which was very obvious, and she should choose a new line of work since she is not cut out for that one.I will never be back and that was not worth $40 without the tip. Oh and did I mention after all that crappy service my boyfriend decided she should still get a tip even though I complained about giving her one.Good Luck!Oh I called the manager to let him know what had happened with the waitress. He thanked me and said he would address it with her.
5	good food and good portions. try the watermelon kiwi lemonade, and get the Benedict!
1	It was amusing the first time, the second and third time just doesn't make sense. Food doesn't taste good, everything is either super gigantic big or piled on a mountain of mashed potatoes that most people don't even touch. I think it's cement to hold up the over fried oil glistening meat thing they call sage chicken or pork tenderlion. Flapjacks, tasteless unless you drown it in syrup of course, corn beef hash, dry as the Atacama Desert, really any of the "hash house" are inedible. Let's just highlight the best thing there..Bloody Mary. That's it. Needless to say I drank my food that day at Hash House a Go Go.
4	Love this place.  Plate is so big you can share it with someone.  Even the kids pancakes are huge.  Order hot chocolate and they give you the works with big marshallows.  My kids love it.   Only thing I don't like is you always have to request more syrup.  I need more than one cup for this big pancake.
1	Saw the reviews for this place and couldn't wait to go and check out the rave of the famous dishes here, but it didn't pan out that way!!! When we got there it was 45 minutes to closing, so they act as if they are in a super rush to leave out and close areas of the restaurant. They wouldn't sit us in a booth, which many were empty and clean.
4	I was so amped to try this place on my mini vacay in Vegas back in August with my partner in crime. After watching Man Vs Food I placed this spot on my must eat at list.  I must say it lived up to most of the hype. We were greeted and seated immediately. We ordered the chicken and waffles, and the fried chicken eggs benedict. Both were presented well and tasted wonderful. Quality ingredients and huge portions here,we ate so much we couldn't eat for the rest of the day! Service was good, food was good, it was everything I hoped it would be.
4	On the last day of my las vegas trip, my family decided to go to Hash House A Go Go and we got there, we have to wait about 35 minutes before we can get our seat and we had no reservation. When we got to our seat, it took a long for the waiter to get here, but we were able to order and I decided to get the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles.When my order was here, I took one bite and It was delicious, even though the fried chicken was a little bit dried, it still made the dish together with the waffles and the chicken.If you are in Las Vegas and you're looking for breakfast, this is the place to go.
5	Best. French toast. Ever. It's big, it's thick, and it's topped with banana-cinnamon-pecan-maple-creamy goodness. It was so delicious paired with their crispy, smoked bacon. I can't say enough about it. It was one of the best breakfasts I ever had.
5	Excellence. I love coming to hash house, and I am from San Diego, so I usually visit the San Diego hash house a go go. But the Vegas one did not disappoint! The food is amazing, the portions are crazy, the prices are decent , the service and staff are friendly and on there A game, and did I mention the food is amazing?Breakfast and Lunch/dinner is all delicious.I actually came to this one after a massive hangover for my 21st birthday.Made me feel 1000 times better!FYI the bell pepper burger is BEYOND THIS WORLD GOOD! The only con is the wait can be long, but honestly, it's worth the wait. :)
4	I been to las Vegas 2x this year and I have had the fortune of having breakfast here both times. The ambiance is great, the food is mouth watering, and the waiters were very friendly.
5	Great food and big portions!!!  Definitely one place everyone needs to visit when in Vegas.
4	I attended this spot for breakfast. I had the chicken and waffles.I enjoyed the meal and the experience very much. They had a DJ playing music , I thought that was real cool.  Can't wait to go back and try other selections on the menu.
4	Great food and large portions!
5	Amazing! Service was on point, the restaurant was super clean, and the food!!! The food was fresh and amazing! The wait was minimal for our meal to be brought out, as well. Overall an extraordinary experience!
5	I finally made my way back after coming here in 2009. This was before all the other locations on the strip opened. On my return trip I wanted to come back to the original location in Vegas. I've seriously dreamed about this place. I have raved to friends that Hash House will ruin breakfast at all other places. The husband and I ordered enough for 4, but I really wanted him to try everything.Pumpkin Latte - perfect balance of pumpkin flavor.Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles - still the absolute best Chicken and Waffles! Chicken breast was perfectly fried and moist. Waffles had bacon strips in them!Snickers Pancakes - love that they are the size of a pizza pie! A little disappointed since I loves the mango coconut pancake I had 4 years ago. The husband loves snickers and isn't a fan of coconut, so he picked this one. Good, but a little drier. Pancakes with fruit are the way to go.Sausage Hash - tasty with peppers, sausage and goat cheese. Potatoes were yummy too! We finished most of the food as this was our pre-trip home lunch stop before heading to the airport for a 6 hour flight. Staff was friendly. I look forward to coming back the next time we are in town. *Chicken & Waffles is a MUST!
1	I am extremely disappointed.  HHAGG use to be my favorite restaurant.  After last night I will never go back!  Not only was the service terrible, but the food was not up to par either.  The waitress messed up our order by putting in the wrong plate, this after she told my daughter what she ordered was one of her favorites!  Took us about 30 minutes to get the appetizer.  When I saw food going to another party that came in after us(about 15 minutes later), with more people, I asked our waitress why they were getting food before us.  She argued with me that there was no food on or going to that table.  Three times I told her I saw it with my own eyes.  Finally she came back and said it was because we ordered an appetizer.  It was another 10 minutes before our food started coming out.  Once the error was recognized on my daughters plate, it was another 8 or so minutes before hers came out.  We got there at 7:30 but did not walk out the door until 8:50 pm.  We have had problems in the past with the service and still we returned, but this one takes the cake.  Worst part is that they weren't very busy so you can not use that as an excuse. After 7 years of loyalty I will take my business else where!
5	great food and the portions are large and in charge
5	Amazing food and drinks, but bring your appetite! I had the BBBLT and LOVED the house salad with cucumber ranch..Amazing dressing.. Im not big on texas toast type bread (which is what my sandwich came with) but there definitely is plenty of bacon and the tomatoes were actually good (not like the typical pithy ones you get in a restaurant!). I was only able to eat half of my sandwich, so for $12, I got two meals :)Also.. Love the iced caramel mocha.. HUGE and that in itself is a meal...Good service as well, attentive but not over the top
5	Best breakfast in Vegas and the long lines prove it. Pancakes are super huge and delicious.  Banana french toast is the bomb... definitely a must go if your close by.
4	Stopped in for the much talked about chicken and bacon waffles. It lives up to all of the hype. Nicely seasoned crispy crust on the chicken, and they use the little seen banquet cut called an airline breast. Boneless except for the first joint bone of the wing. And the waffles have a full strip of bacon cooked into them, not just bits sprinkled around. The fried leeks didn't really add much to the dish, and just got in the way. But they, along with the rosemary sprig made for a nice presentation, something you don't usually see with this dish. It's a bit pricy at $16, but the portion is adequate for two meals. Service was pretty good too.
4	Huge fan of Hash House!  I love the giant biscuits and fruit preserves that come with the meals!  Chicken and waffles is delicious!  Also we love the hash mixtures.  Love that they have a location in the south!
3	huge portions.  interesting drinks.  decent service.
5	So so so happy to find out they had a location in Vegas! Love your location in San Diego ! There's no breakfast like this place. Huge portions, delicious plates of food and amazing service and ambiance. Everything on the menu is great.
2	I came here because of man vs food, and I was disappointed. The food was very meh. Not coming back.
5	Chicken Benedict is amazing!
4	I went to the one on West Sahara.  Service was fast and the food was delicious!!!
2	Highly recommended by all my friends. It was a huge rant so I finally decided to try this place out. First time, we saw our server 4 times. Once to greet and take our drinks, once to drop off our food, once to see how we were doing and once to give us the check. Our drinks sat empty for about 15 minutes as she was no where to be found. Finally the bartenders saw us sitting there and refilled our drinks. We talked to them and saw them more then our own waitress. Second time, our waitress was a little better. She had quite a few tables so she was busy. Though the Bussers and/or runners aren't the greatest. They drop off the plates in a rude manner and walk away. My girlfriend was talking to the runner as she literally just started walking away. How disrespectful!Food was awesome. Finally gave in and got the Chicken and Waffles. Not as impressed as I was hoping to be. But it wasn't bad. Overall, the staff needs to take Customer Service 101, ASAP. As much rant as this place gets, you would think the service would be awesome and be proud to work, though unfortunately it's not even close to decent.
2	Have been twice and I know everyone raves about it, but it wasn't really that great either time. The first time had the meatloaf breakfast- definitely don't do that. The second time had the fired chicken and waffles. It's true that the portions are HUGE. I appreciated that the chicken was boneless, but all together everything was dry and pretty salty. There is bacon in the waffles which would be a nice touch, but there isn't enough of it. I was also with a particularly picky person and he wanted one of their burgers, but with a chicken breast instead of beef. The only way the waitress could accommodate the order was to bring him all of the components separately and have him assemble them on his own. It just seemed weird. All together- meh...
5	excellent place for breakfast.
5	My favorite joint in Vegas! From the Kiwi-watermelon lemonade to the Sage Fried Chicken (waffles have bacon in them, BACON!), the place is off the hook! A friend of mine visited from NY and she was literally moaning (I was a little embarrassed) while eating! Oh! The Man vs Food Benny and snickers flapjacks are a must too! Deciding on what to have here is really hard, everything is delicious. The portions are ginormous, I always end up bringing half of my food home. If you try it, I guarantee you won't regret it.
4	The portions here are HUGE! Make sure to come hungry, this place provides a great recovery meal after a night of binge drinking!
4	Always our favorite place for breakfast while we are in Ls Vegas. Service is great, food is great. While famous for their large portions I would ask your server which ones are really the standouts as not all of their dishes are really large. Some are rather mediocre in size and barely fill a"farmer's appetite".I love the servers, what a great bunch of personalities! We were there on Halloween and they were all dressed up and joking with us!
4	it has been a while, we like to go there for special breakfast occasions.  Unique menu and classic items.
1	I don't like to due damage to anyone's business but I would not recommend dining at Hash House A Go Go. The food was not good and does not live up to it's reputation. I could have eaten at Denny's or Ihop and gotten the same on even better food. My daughter ordered a steak mid-rare and it came really over cooked no pink at all she didn't even eat any of her food. In all I would say 70% of are meal went uneaten.  I have heard good things about this place but go to Denny's instead you will get better food.
5	The food was great, huge portions.  We couldn't finish our plates.  The presentation was excellent complete with sage and twigs.  The service was great, Robert P. was very helpful with the menu.  Seeing that Man Vs Food and the New York Times liked the Sage Chicken, I had to give it a try, and it didn't dissapoint.  They also have a great wall of fame at the entrance.
3	Very good food, but a bit pricey. Worth a visit though. Definitely try the Chicken and Waffles that they are famous for. I am a big fan of the waffles particularly as they cook bacon right into them. Great place to go for special occasions.
5	Everything from scratch and very fresh. You cannot go wrong here...The French toast and fried chicken with waffles were awesome. We also had the best freshest oj ever. Waitress was great with awesome personality and attentive. Great job folks.
5	I was in Vegas for the Depeche Mode concert and took 3 friends to this place, they had never been, and I had only been to the one in San Diego. It was about a 45 minute wait, but well worth it! We had a brand new waitress and she was excellent, she recommended fresh squeezed orange juice and I think tangerine juice, it was excellent.I went with Snickers pancake, very tasty!!! Extremely large portions. Hit she spot.My friends got a hash skillet, delicious! Also, a seasonal dish, fabulous. And an egg pancake combo dish, all delicious but could not finish.
5	Breakfast with a different spin ...delicious. Bloody Mary worth the price. Lived up to the reviews. Definitely coming back.
5	Great breakfast place! They have a nice selection of comfort-style hashes, scrambles and egg benedicts options, as well as pancakes and waffles. As most Yelpers have said, portions are quite large so make room in your stomach. It's also a popular place so best to go on a weekday or call ahead to ask about the wait.
5	Yummy and scrumptious fried sage chicken, bacon waffles with maple syrup, and crispy leeks are worth every dollar! Portions are huge! Enough to feed two people. Excellent customer service! Love the ambiance! Come early for breakfast. This restaurant gets packed!
4	You would be hard to find a better breakfast/brunch place on the strip. The Bloody Mary's are bold, and just the right kick to recover from your hangover. The food is great and portions are huge. Odds are you will get two meals out of it. We tried a burger and the chicken and waffles, both I would recommend to anyone. I will definitely be going back for more if this place next time I'm visiting Vegas.
5	The comes out large, be ready eat, eat and eat. One great thing is, the good is amazingly delicious. Had the biscuits and gravy. WOW! That was good. This is a must eat. One of other who company me ordered the Grill French Toast. I took a small bite and there are no words to explain how good it tasted.
2	WHY do some people recommend this place?  It took a long time to get to order, the4 food was not particularly special nor reasonable, and it was so noisy that we could hardly talk.  NOPE..will not go back there.
4	man oh man oh mansage fried chicken and waffles sooo good.  chicken breast were seasoned well - fried crispy.  waffles had crumbled bacon and were really fluffy.  friend had the "pub crawl" ... corned beef on rye, caramelized onions, spicy mustard.  delish!!  service was quick; very friendly staff!!can't wait to try this place again when I visit Vegas again.
4	You either "get it" or you dont...HH is a great place to come for a relaxed meal that will remind you of home cooking but with a twist...Everything is BIGGER and more savory.If you are looking for a wolf gang puck or emeril experience then you dont get it...this is more like your moms home cooking gone wild and much better.
3	I enjoyed their bacon Bloody Mary!  The portions here are outrageous! I recommend doing any of the hashes!
4	This place is amazing if you don't mind waiting to eat breakfast for 35 - 40 mins. on the weekends.
4	serving size was huge!  wish I'd gone later in the day, because we had places to go and people to see, so we couldn't take our leftovers!Food was really good too!Go there.  Now.
4	Fun atmosphere, friendly staff, but way too much food - holy shit!
4	The food was defreakinglicious. They were insanely busy so the service was a little lacking but understandably so. My hubby said his food wasn't hot but mine was great. Overall the money is worth the food, the drinks were pretty pricey and didn't look worth it but I won't bag it til' I try it.
3	Alas, I want to like this place more. I mean they have everything going for them.  1) a reputation for having crazy large portions, great breakfast, and creative menu items and 2) great locations.Unfortunately my recent experience did not live up to the hype.  The meatloaf was very dry and difficult to eat. The fried chicken salad was very good but again, the chicken was dry.  Service was not great and I had to send the waiter back 3 times just to get small bills for the tip.  The waiters seemed overwhelmed even though the place was only 1/2 full (ever the optimist).Their deserts are huge and decadent.  We refrained however.  So much potential, only partially realized.
3	The food wasn't great but the service was alright. Maybe I came at the wrong time to eat or chose the wrong food. Either way I won't be coming back. The price doesn't make up for the lack of food quality.
4	Worth the 15 min. Drive. Creative concept came thru on all notes , well done  generous portions  left totally satisfied   love the  Drink Menu
4	Huge portions, packed in the AM - good wait for a table of 6.  But food came out fast and the pancakes are GINORMOUS!!
3	The first time we tried this location we had only been to the San Diego location and really enjoyed the food & service there...unfortunately I can't say the same about this location. The service was slow and the food was even slower. The food was nowhere near the quality of the food I have grown to expect from Hash House so I will stick to the San Diego location.
4	Though extremely friendly, service was a tad slow. We arrived about an hour before closing to set up for dinner, so perhaps the staff was recovering from the lunch rush. Sage Fried chicken and waffles were AMAZING! The biscuits and house-made strawberry preserves were delicious too. My only complaint - and it's not really a compliant, so much as the ONLY issue I had with our visit - the regular Bloody Mary was a little too spicy for an early afternoon visit. Maybe my hungover taste buds hadn't woken up just yet, or were too sensitive from all the drinking the night before (what? It's Vegas!), or it was just too darn spicy, but I just couldn't finish it. And for me saying that, the girl who orders jalapenos on pizza AND adds crushed red pepper flakes, that has to say something. Other than that...this place has definitely won a place in my heart. :)p.s. My visit was on October 8th. I can't freakin' figure out how to change the date...I thought it would use my "check-in" date, but no. Whatever. You get the idea. ;)
3	The food is more for looks. It's great for taking pictures and adding to Facebook, but the food lacks sooooo much flavor.
5	The food at Hash House A Go Go is fantastic and we love their menu! Give them a try today!
3	I wanted to take my friend from overseas.  This is interesting place to introduce.  Portion?  Oh yes it was too big to enjoy it but it is fun to take a picture.  :)
4	Be prepared for a wait unless you're here at the crack of opening. Huge portions, somewhat overpriced. Food was pretty good. Vegetarian here though, so can't say much for everything on the menu. They have some creative things on the menu, definitely a place to stop at for breakfast if you're a vegas first timer.
5	My favorite chicken and [bacon-stuffed] waffles that you should get an award for being able to finish in one sitting. Also love the meatloaf sandwich, the pot pie (it's boiling pot-sized) the ridiculous eggs benedict. Caveat: I can't believe any of the meals here are under 3,000 calories.
1	We decided to eat at Hash House a Go Go because of having seen the restaurant on Man vs. Food. Quite a disappointment! The food was flavorless. The servings were extremely huge; however, I would have rather my food tasted better as opposed to having a huge portion. The service was a bit slow. I would never come back or recommend this place to anyone.
5	First time visiting this place in Vegas.  Food was AMAZING and the portions were enormous!  Would visit again any time I am in Las Vegas.
4	Holy heart attack filled breakfast batman this place is great! Perfect food to take care of that Vegas morning hangover. I got the sage fried chicken benedict and could only put down about 3/4 before I had to throw in the towel. Delicious the entire time. My buddy tried the sage fried chicken and waffles and that was even bigger! Definitely get the bang for your buck here. I shall return..
4	Prepare to unzip your pants and possibly vomit (in a good way)!Thank you Vegas foodies for rating this spot so high and posting so many foodgasm shots of their popular Fried Chicken & Waffles plate. You guys led us here. And surprisingly, this place was packed on a random weekday during the daytime. We sat at the bar since there was no wait for the seating there. I ordered myself a monstrous hot chocolate to start. I seriously probably took about 3 sips of that thing. I felt so bad wasting all that warm, chocolatey goodness in that huge mug.For grub I ordered one of their farm benedicts, hoping it wouldn't come out as huge as the the fried chicken and waffles plate. Boy was I wrong! My benedict came with smoked bacon, fresh tomato, fresh spinach, this roasted red pepper cream and topped w/ two basted eggs. What makes these benedicts so special is that they serve it on a fresh split biscuit with griddled mashed potatoes. Talk about CARB overload! Since I don't have a binge-eating disorder anymore, I barely made a dent even into this plate. Boo!The bf ordered an actual plate that didn't come out monstrous. I believe it was just a simple breakfast plate with eggs, meat and some potatoes. If he ordered a flapjack (which are the size of a Thanksgiving turkey serving tray) he would have been screwed for sure.Even if you plan to swing into this restaurant hungover, I suggest sharing a plate with 1 or even 2 other people! Portions are more than plentiful.
4	We couldn't leave Vegas without another trip to Hash House A Go Go, but we wanted to avoid The Strip location because I was afraid we'd miss our flight. We ate here right before dropping off our rental car and our friendly server was really good about making sure we were out of there in good time.Since it was Tuesday afternoon, there was no wait (and plenty of parking right out front), but we already knew we wanted to have Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. The portion was enormous, bigger than your head (at least my head...). We shared an order with extra chipotle cream on the side. When our mountain of food arrived, we happily dug into a delicious combination of fried chicken, fresh spinach, bacon, tomato, mozzarella, spicy chipotle cream, scrambled eggs, mashed potatoes and a yummy fluffy biscuit until we could not eat another bite. I was stuffed for days!While we were waiting for our food, we watched other people tackle towering plates of pancakes, waffles, fried chicken, Benedicts... Incredible if anyone could actually finish! Great location and the prices are about a buck less than the location on The Strip.Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Farm Benedict. Get it! It's good! Man v. Food. Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict likely will win 99% of the time. It beat us, and we shared! Are you up to the challenge???!?!
4	Pros:IF you love bold, strong coffee, the coffee ROCKS! (My dad loved it)This location is not on the strip, so it's nice to get away from all the hustle and bustle.They have the very best biscuits and sausage gravy!You must try their homemade jam! Their vanilla waffles are outstanding and they serve them with warmed syrup, which is really nice.Excellent service!!!!Cons:IF you prefer mild, medium coffee, the coffee SUCKS!!! (My take on it)Thought that the bacon and eggs breakfast should come with more than two wimpy pieces of bacon.Thought it was outrageous that our breakfast came with a biscuit but to add a side of gravy was almost 3 dollars! I mean it's good gravy but is it made of gold?The woman's bathroom was not nicely maintained and the handicapped stall would not lock.Bottom line: The food IS very good and we will definitely come back.
3	The infamous Hash House A Go Go is totally overrated. There are so many better breakfast places in Vegas that actually allow you to customize your meals. Though my Vegas homie insisted on covering the tab, I felt that if a paying customer wants to customize their meal then why should that be an issue. Anyways, I got one of their uncustomizable scrambles which was just ok. I did like their epic hot chocolate. Pretty mediocre and again definitely overrated. I wouldn't come back because there are waaayyy better breakfast spots in Vegas.
3	This place has understandably gotten a lot more "touristy" after the various television appearances. What is nice is that you get HUMONGOUS. If you're working your way through a hangover and you're hangovers aren't made tremendously worse by crowds of people, this is what you need. I'm a fan of their hashes and their burgers are gigantic. Every time I go, I always think I'm just going to share with someone, but I want to try too many things. Food is really rich and I even try to order things with tons of veggies to make it a little healthier, but avoid this place if you're dieting. My qualms with this place (besides the touristy feel now) is that the service is really hit or miss. This seems to be a brand-wide issue because service is the same here and at their location in the M Resort. Hostesses all have attitudes, servers sometimes are completely attentive and sometimes they will drop by the table twice, to take your order and to drop off your bill. There isn't much they can do about being busy, or having an influx of visitors at this location, but they can certainly hold their staff to a high standard.
5	Only bad thing I can say about this place is the damage it does to my weight loss goal.  The food is absolutely fantastic.....
5	Amazing! Great Food! Great service!  party of 9 and service was Awsome.  Will Return before we leave town!
5	Great place I brought my wife here for Mother's Day and it was great calm and relaxing. They have a deal if you order a alcoholic drink they will give you a nice glass. I will recommend this place to everyone I know and the prices are great
5	Went on Thanksgiving day for lunch,eventhough we waited for hour,but the food is so worth the wait.all the tray are amazingly big and delicious.
5	The atmosphere, the food, the service - everything was perfect for a breakfast in Las Vegas!  Just make sure you are hungry!I recommend the Sausage Pot Pie - Yumm! The twist: It's served with mashed potatoes!
4	The food here is delicious. The portions are unreal too. I will definitely be a return guest. The customer service was terrific as well. The only downside is the wait time for a table. I am willing to wait for the experience though. Top Notch!!!!!!!
4	I always pay a visit here on my trips to Vegas. Who ever knew Imperial Palace would have a gem like this. The portions are crazyyy here, and it's what they're known for. You really should share an entree because you would either be gaining 5 pounds or wasting a lot of food if you don't.Anyhow, the food itself is pretty good for Southern country style food. Nothing spectacular, and after the 20th bite of the same thing (like mashed potatoes), it does start getting a little old. However, the presentation is spectacular when it comes out because it comes out on a griddle and they stick a knife into the mass of food.
2	I hope this isn't "the best place for breakfast in vegas".  Very average, actually I'd say less, especially considering the wait times for a Monday morning.  Too many dried out home fries, not enough main course! The skillets weren't even hot when they brought them out.  IN fact, im changing my 3 stars to 2 right now.
5	It's a bit of a drive from the Vegas strip, but it's totally worth it. The food is good, the wait staff is friendly, it's clean, and... the food is good. Not many people talk about this place when they talk about Vegas, but they should. The food is a very different take on typical things, and it's served just as interestingly, and in MASSIVE amounts. We were sluggish for hours afterwards, but had absolutely no regrets.
3	I was pretty disappointed by this place.All the rave reviews, all the media coverage, it just didn't live up to the hype for me.The portions are HUGE, but it is also on the pricey side.  The presentation is great, but those alone didn't do it for me and actually worked against it. The huge portions are overwhelming and you really don't want to eat more.  I had the fried chicken benedict.  It was ok, but nothing to write home about.  The chicken was good, but the rest (aside from the bacon), really didn't work well for me.  I didn't like the chipotle cream sauce they used either, country gravy would have been awesome.In sum, it's good to try, but I really wouldn't go back.
3	Portions are ginormous but quality is so-so. I got the chicken and waffles; fried chicken was a bit bland and waffles were soft. Although, the best part of the meal was the bacon infused waffle--You can never go wrong with bacon!
4	The hash house is delicious. Its a fun atmosphere, and very creative dishes.
5	Incredible chicken and waffles: I wasn't let down by the hype. We also loved the watermelon lemonade, smores mocha, and Farmer's Daughter omlette.
3	I think almost all of my friends have posted photos from Hash House a Go Go through the years. Since I like to take the red eye from Honolulu, I am often on the hunt for a nice breakfast when I land in Vegas. My usual stop is Bouchon, but I thought I would try something different on my most recent trip.I'm an Eggs Benedict kind of gal, but when I go to a restaurant, I like to try what they're known for, so I opted for the Sage Fried Chicken on the Bacon Waffles. My mom ordered a Crab Cake Benedict, which was a special, so I figured I could steal some bites from her plate.The presentation of the chicken and waffles is impressive. However, it looks a lot better than it tastes. The chicken was quite bland. And although I tend to like my pancakes and waffles on the dry side,  the syrup container seemed really tiny to me. I considered asking for more, but I felt a little ashamed. :p The idea of bacon in waffles is a good one, but the execution was lacking. I think maybe the waffles were not crispy enough.My mom's dish was a lot better, and I sort of kicked myself for straying from my usual. The portion sizes for both dishes were gigantic, so if you have a big appetite, this is a great place for you. Service was friendly and efficient. Overall, I'm glad I went once to cross it off my list, but I am not eager to go again.
2	Food was excellent but service sucked. Place was empty on a sunday night. We had a large party but were ignored most of the time.  Server didnt deserve the 18 percent gratuity.  What a bummer, I will be back for food not service.
2	I don't understand all the hype I have heard about this place. It is only that. I had the chicken and waffles. The chicken was bland and dry, and the leeks on top made the whole dish have an onion taste. The waffles tasted completely like bacon, and there wasn't enough syrup. The entire dish was dry. I also couldn't decide how to tackle it. It was a really tall stack of waffles and chicken. I ordered a child sized pancake for my toddler, and it was the size of a small table. The portions are huge and I feel like its a waste of food. Also, I hated the atmosphere. The music was so loud that I couldn't talk to my family members that I had gone out to breakfast with unless I was yelling, and then they had to yell back. The service was pretty slow too, and not the greatest. Finally, the food that didn't live up to the hype was overpriced. I had been looking forward to trying out Has House A Go Go for quite some time and I was thoroughly disappointed.
2	Large portions size, has no flavor. i saw a busser wiped down a table and left  a booths seat  dirty. Next customer arrived slides down sat on top of it.  Servers's aprons mostly are dirty. Bathroom are disgusted.If you like a meal filled with potatoes and little taste... I would recommended here. Not happy and never wanted to come back.
5	The food portions are huge!  We got the Hash House Quesadilla, Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict  and Snickers Flapjacks. We also ordered multiple drinks with take home glasses for only a couple bucks more! The food was amazing service was excellent. The atmosphere of the restraunt is great its nice seeing all of the reviews and awards the restraunt has earned. We go to Vegas once a year and we will be coming back!
2	Portions are big, but quantity can't really ever outweigh quality. I don't know how the waffles AND the pancake batter had pockets of raw flour in them, but hey, it is what it is.
1	Too much food and it's not very flavorful.  I kept hearing how great the chicken & waffles were... mehFancy plating and giant portions do not make up for the lack of depth in flavor.  I know this place has many fans who will rebuke this review, however, I hate it when I pay good money and receive poor service, so-so food and walk away feeling like I can cook it better at home!  I have been there a couple of times and still don't get what all the fuss is about.
3	I love Hash House A Go Go - but prefer the non-casino variants.  The one in San Diego is amazing as is the one off Sahara in Las Vegas.  I have gone to most of them, and do like the food.  There's something about a free standing Hash House Building, however, that really themes the experience.
5	I've been to the one on Sahara and at the M casino and both were phenomenal. The Bloody Marys were amazing and so was the food. Portion sizes were a bit large for one sitting but who can complain about leftovers. I cannot say enough about the bread, the sprig of rosemary and the freshly made jam were pleasing to my  senses of sight, smell, and taste .
5	Love this place but after Sunday morning I REALLY love them.  Not to be gross but my grandson got sick during breakfast-he is 2.  Not a pretty sight.  My daughter went to ask for some towels.  Within a minute a gentleman was at the table with bucket, soapy water, several towels and stacks of napkins.  He insisted on cleaning it even though I told him I would.  He was very concerned about my grandson and had the mess gone very quickly.  Now that is above and beyond in the customer service department!!  Oh, by the way, the food is amazing, too!!
3	After all the great reviews I thought this place would be wonderful, but sadly I wasn't impressed.  I will try it again since I caught an eye full of the chicken and waffles, but the scramble was just average.  The Biscuits were yummy and the coffer was really good... and the service was really rather good.  But I'm convinced I ordered the wrong thing.  I will let you know how my second visits is this week and will report back asap!
2	Service here is hit and miss.  Sometimes spot on, other times pretty slow, and sub-par. Been a bunch of times to compare.  Low point was the hostess telling my friend and I one night that we couldn't be seated (at midnight) because our entire party wasn't present (we were waiting for his girlfriend who was lagging behind 10-15 mins).  The restaurant is mostly empty, and the girl just stares at us and says "policy."  GFY.  We walk.  In terms of the food, the portions are monsters.  The hashes aren't bad, but non traditional. The fresh squeezed OJ is tops.  The ahi-tuna sandwich also pretty good.  If anything, I'd sacrifice portion size for more pleasant service, and less of a loud atmosphere.  can be a sh$t show in there some days.  Would like some more down home cooking options that aren't sandwiches and hash which is 98% of the menu.
4	Hash house is great. I got the Giant meatloaf dinner, which was enough for like 4 people. I had a friend that was ethnic, so he had the chicken and waffles. I think I will get that next time. Food comes in huge portions!!!
3	This place was pretty good but seriously not mind blowing. I may have felt differently if I had ordered something else but I kept it simple because I needed a breakfast feast after 2 nights in Vegas. I ordered a snickers pancake which was so damn huge I could only manage to finish half of it. I also have some eggs and potatoes which were good but not at all spectacular. The pancakes was really sweet but that's what I would expect when you add snickers candy to pancake batter. The service was also a bit weird but I am used to that in a city like Vegas. Unless you're shelling out $200/person, service in Vegas is always hit or miss. If I ever go back I will certainly try the chicken and waffles!
4	Another great visit here. Had the sage chicken and waffles. They were amazing would definitely get them again. Also had the special Andy's grill which had boneless steak, venison sausage, and duck breast. All were incredible.
2	food is massive but size does not overcome quality even for us big people :-)
1	My wife's plate was set down on the table behind us and then brought to us when the waitress realized her mistake.  This isn't okay for many obvious reasons.  THEN, my pancake was brought out and in my little metal cup there appeared to be some delicious syrup, I poured it, took a bite and hello BBQ SAUCE.  I think that's enough said.  Our waitress was nice, but when I overpay to the extent of hash house prices I at least expect the kitchen to realize they're serving pancakes not chicken nuggets. Never again.
5	Holy crap!! Huge portions, outstanding quality, fantastic service! Who thinks to put red skinned mashed potatoes, homemade biscuit, sage fried chicken, spinach, applewood smoked bacon, eggs, hollandaise and chili cream sauce together?? This place,....and thank goodness they did,.....original and amazing!!! Soooo worth the 20 minute wait!!! Highly recommended!!! Come to the freestanding location, I hear it's better than the one in the casino. Atmosphere here is fun, a little loud and very friendly :-)
5	Andy's Sage Fried Chix Benedict & Club Crawl was delish! Portion are huge. Better off sharing! So good. Will def come back!
5	After several attempts to eat breakfast at the original San Diego Hash House A Go Go, we saw that there was a location in Vegas near where we were staying (Encore at Wynn).We drove to the restaurant and were immediately seated.  It is a fairly large, clean restaurant with stainless steel tables.  The service was excellent and our server was friendly and informative.We decided on the Blueberry & Pecan flapjack ($7.95 for one 12" fluffy, flapjack) and the eggs, bacon, biscuit, potatoes, & fruit combo ($8.95) to share.The flapjack was excellent and one of the best pancakes I've ever had.  It was large, fluffy, light and tasty with all the blueberries.  The server brought me extra syrup when I requested it fairly quickly.I did see several people order the Man vs Food - Fried chicken eggs benedict $15.95)!  Check this out - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrwiqFMquHcWhen in Vegas, you must try Hash House a Go Go!  Please see my photos!Xie Xie!
4	Stopping for eats at hash house is a MUST on every Vegas trip. Recently had the salmon scramble, was delicious. Had a grapefruit juice mimosa loved it! Haven't tried the other locations is Vegas but the one on Sahara is awesome!
5	amen!!!  this is now me and my mom's "spot" when she visits.huge delicious portions...great service...located in the center of the strip!you must try the pancake with the walnuts!  omgawd!!!
3	A lot of food and not the best that I have had. I would rate this place average and nothing special. Good for people who like a lot to eat and are not very particular what they eat.
4	I had the #3 burger and it was delicious. It contained a double patty, pickles, bacon, mashed potatoes and lettuce.  The portion size was large for an affordable price. Customer service was as great as the food.
5	Came here for Christmas brunch and the place was PACKED. We basically waited for 1 1/2 hours, just enough time for my stomach to eat itself. For such a popular and busy restaurant, the waiting area should really have more benches to sit at. With that said, the servers were really cool even though they were running around trying to tend to all the tables. They were all dressed in Christmas sweaters and jammies, one guy even topped his mohawk spikes with little Christmas hats. I can't even.The Sage Fried Chicken with maple syrup is simply amazing. My mouth is watering just thinking about the crispy skin and juicy meat. Just looking at the Pork Tenderloin Sandwich makes you want to laugh, it's so big (twss). My brothers got burgers and those portions were almost overwhelming. It's nice to get a choice of sides (fries, salad, or mac and cheese). My mom's friend ordered the Ahi Tuna Salad Sandwich. The milk bread was very soft. The total meal was under $100 for 6 people! Not something you'd expect in Vegas. Not only that, we had two boxes of leftovers to take back.
3	I would give this place 3 1/2 stars if I could. The food is pretty good and it is an experience to eat there, because the menu has some imaginative items. My last meal there was their corned beef and it was served with caramelized onions that were cooler than room temperature. It is a little thing, but it made the sandwich less appetizing. They have great coffee and breakfasts. They could just work a little on their execution.
2	Been wanting to go here since Man vs. Food episode on them   Decided to test them with dish I could get elsewhere - French toast.  Dry, bland, and way overpriced.  IHOP does it tastier and cheaper.  And IHOP offers military discount which HHGG doesn't.
5	Oh gosh this place, you certainly won't go home hungry.  The food here is such comfort food. How can they go wrong when mixing fried chicken, bacon, mashed potatoes, biscuits, eggs, cheese, tomatoes, spinach, and a Chipotle gravy. That's all in one dish. They were busy, but we only had to wait less then 30min. If you come to visit I think everyone should try this place.
5	great!
3	My wife & I stopped by for a drink after eating at the other Hash House. We accidentally went to the wrong place. The other place was good too, but we really want to try this place's food. It was extremely busy here. People were waiting outside to get seated. Once we went inside, we noticed what the hype was all about.  All the food portions are huge.  Everything looked really good. Too bad we couldn't try the food since we were full. We ended up going to the bar to grab a drink which took for ever. The waitress was really busy trying to keep up with all the orders. She at least acknowledge that we were waiting to be helped. We decided to have a Hash House Bloody Mary. They have a good selection of drinks. The Bloody Mary tasted really good. It was a bit spicy for my taste but I enjoyed. I look forward to stopping by for lunch next time I am in town. The food all looked good!!! Hopefully, it taste good too!!!
2	First...know there are/were 3 locations. Not familiar with Vegas, we ended up at the M Hotel specifically to eat at the Hash House...of course it had closed 2 days prior...you'd think they'd update their website. So, we drive back 20 minutes to arrive at the one on the strip. Greeted (if you can call it that) by a young man, a host, who looked miserable to be there. Slumped over in a stool at the host stand. Not very welcoming and took our name. We were seated after a 30 minute wait. Service was rather slow. My husband ordered the sage chicken Benedict which he said was ok. The potatoes on it were amazing. I ordered a bacon waffle which was a sad sad waffle indeed. Not very flavorful...compare to something you'd get at Denny's or norms. :-/ Portions are enormous. I'd rather have a smaller portion if higher quality food. Won't be back.
3	Giant Food.  Be ready to share.  The chicken and waffles were decent and I would eat it again.
3	Huge portion dishes.  We tried the chicken & waffle and couple other dishes.  They only use chicken breastmeat, which I found a bit bland.  The juice was ok, but I doubt it's fresh squeezed.  I can't say the food here blow me away, but the portion did blow up my stomach and food coma inducing.  Well, it's a vegas experience I am not incline to have too often. Ok, so it's a bit of waiting on weekend noontime.  We had to walk around to kill time but ended up came back really too late.  However there wasn't too many people waiting and we were able to get the table quickly.
4	We first found out about this place from Man vs Food:Location is great. It's a few miles away from the strip so getting there doesn't take too long (no traffic). The wait to get in was fair considering the popularity of the restaurant. For 2, we waited about 12-15 minutes.The environment was enjoyable; the music was in good taste (indie/alternative rock), the customer service was enthusiastic, and the walls were filled with celebrity-signed menus.The food was amazing! The portions were behemoth and one plate is more than enough for two people. The alcoholic drinks are served in quirky slanted cups and they can be taken home as a souvenir. Overall this was an awesome first experience!
5	Hash House A Go Go is the place we bring all of our out-of-town guests. The staff is always friendly and attentive and the food is amazing! The niche this restaurant has is fresh food in huge portions for a reasonable price. I always order the hot chocolate because it comes in a soup bowl with a monster marshmallow. The pancakes hardly fit on the plate and the biscuits are to die for! One Saturday we stopped in and there was a theme "Robot Love" and all the staff had homemade costumes! It was a fun and comfortable atmosphere. Try the Sage Chicken & Waffles, it's what they're know for from Man vs Food. You'll never forget it!
4	The Sage fried chicken is the business! The portions are wonderful and even my kids love it there ...the wait at the location on the strip was a bit much...However the wait at the M resort is not bad at all!
3	Hash House A Go Go is almost an institution, but my experience was just alright. Of course, on a weekend, the wait time for a table is pretty long (about 30 minutes), which I expected. Once we got seated, I expected things to go a bit more smoothly, but unfortunately, it was not to be.  My friend got her food about 10 minutes before mine came out, so hers got cold because she didn't want to start eating before me.The portions are large, but the food was pretty bland. I had the pecan blueberry pancake, eggs and sausage combination. I got one tiny container of syrup for my monster sized pancake, and there definitely wasn't any warmth to the service- it was obviously "get em in and out ASAP" as the mantra. Oh well....
5	Loved the food portions. Just make sure to come when hungry. Prices were very reasonable and service was great. Every time I requested something, the waiter was quick and happy to fetch!
5	If you haven't heard... This is pretty much the BEST breakfast place, EVER! And the portions is unbeatable. I can eat A LOT, but usually I don't finish my whole plate here, so sharing is an option. They may charge for that though. My friend said they charged her last time for sharing. Everything I've ever had here has been good. I recommend the vanilla waffles for sure! The chicken and waffles are awesome and HUGE! Also, any hash skillet or scramble is good.... What can I say. Pretty much anything made from here is ridiculously yummy! I'm a breakfast person. I can eat breakfast anytime of day. ENJOY!
4	This place is the very definition of a gut-buster. Portions are so huge, it's ridiculous. There's no way you'll be able to finish everything on your plate, unless you stick with a side of toast. Even then, you'll probably end up with an entire loaf. I was drawn here because of Man V. Food, and ended up ordering the dish that Adam made famous: it's advertised as a "farm benedict," but what benedict have you ever seen that included a mound of mashed potatoes? In addition to sage fried chicken, fresh spinach, smoked bacon, tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs? This thing isn't a benedict, it's a HOUSE! A very tasty house, as it turns out, but still. I have a pretty good appetite, but was finished only halfway through. My wife ordered the riddled french toast dipped in banana cinnamon cream w/ pecan maple syrup, and lest you think her portion was any smaller, you'd be wrong. Like I said, this place thrives on excess! The french toast was chewy and delicious, with a hint of vanilla, and the warm bananas were a divine accompaniment. It all paired perfectly well with smoky bacon. Again though, it was impossible to finish more than half. Because we were on the road, this sadly meant wasting some of that delicious food, as there wasn't really an opportunity to eat the leftovers later. You've gotta love a place that sells a hangover dish called O'Hare Of The Dog: a 24 oz Budweiser in a bag with a side of bacon.Classy? Nope. But fun? Absolutely. No matter how hungry you are, you will leave Hash House A Go Go stuffed to the gills, vowing never to eat another bite of food again for the rest of your life. And the next morning, you'll be yearning for a return visit...
4	After reading so many positive reviews, we decided stop here after the mall. I had read some reviews at the mall of so the hype was definitely set. When looking at the picture this place for me seem like "comfort food" with a twist. When we pulled up to a near empty parking lot we knew we did not have to to wait for a table. The hostess quickly seated us. The menu was massive and t took me a good 2 or 3 minutes to figure out where to start. Our server according to our receipt was Jay. He quickly took our drinking order and was prompt on service this evening this is a bonus. Our waiter brought out the drinks and offered us complementary biscuits big portions. For Hash House A Go Go "big portions" is a complete and total understatement. WARNING this place has monster size plates of food leaving the kitchen! This is not the restaurant to be eating with your eyes. Now, let's move onto the food quality. We had a total of four dishes the first  is the Hash House Meat Loaf Pasta. It had charred tomato, basil pesto and crispy parmesan cheese. This pasta was an a decent dish but my taste for pasta has changed since I went to Italy. Pasta in the United States is unable to compete with it. The Slow Grilled BBQ Pork Ribs was amazing. I highly recommend this dish. The ribs are braised with a house soy BBQ sauce and served with mashed potatoes. The ribs was tender and the meat just fell off the bone.The potatoes was the only disappoint on this dish since is was dry. The Kokokmo, is meatloaf with tomato and griddled smooth mozzarella cheese on milk bread. Reminded me a lot of a mozzarella grilled cheese sandwich with meatloft. It took an extra couple of minutes for the last dish to arrival comared to the other dishes for some reason. The last dish was the Famous One Pound Stuffed Burger. We had the hardwood smoked bacon, avocado & cheddar it comes with two patties with lettuce tomato and red onion. The prices were a little higher than I usually like to pay, but once we saw the plates of food coming out it didn't matter anymore. The presentation of all the dishes was well done (picture will be posted soon).Highly Recommend the Kokokmo and Slow Grilled BBQ Pork Ribs. So if you are planning to eat here Get hungry and make sure to wear some sweatpants!
2	Hash House A Go Go was better last time.  I guess they gotten more popular that it's not the same. Super busy today... They even charge for extra sauce unlike before it was free. Food was okay. Some food was dry... Like the chicken and french toast. Doesn't have good flavor. Fruit was over ripe... Didn't get our water refill... Wouldn't recommend when there a lot of people waiting around...
5	By far the best chicken and waffles I have ever had. The restaurant is crazy and typically has a wait but it's worth it.
3	If you are looking for large portion sizes, look no further than Hash House A Go Go.I usually come to this restaurant when I need my fix of chicken and waffles. I am a huge fan of Roscoe's House of Chicken and Waffles in Southern California, and this restaurant gives me a placebo for Roscoe's when I need it.I have also tried the popular dish that was featured on Man vs. Food (I forget the name). Again, I enjoyed it, but it was not anything special either.During busy times, the line to get a seat can be VERY long. Plan ahead of time or prepare to wait (sometimes outside).Don't go out of your way to try this restaurant, but it is worth a look if you're in the area and you'd like to get very, very full.
4	Add me to chorus of positive reviews, you really can't go wrong with this place. I'm not a pig, but I get frustrated when you pay good money at a restaurant and you leave hungry. This will never happen to you here. The portions are huge, you always have a doggie bag, and they make your favorite menu item so well that you'll find it hard to try some of the other menu items (but you should, I have yet to try anything here that isn't first rate). the Roasted Chicken hash is my favorite (for the moment).One thing I particularly enjoy about HHAGG is the excellent micro-brew choices they have. It's not a massive list, but it's an excellent, rotating list, and it complements a lot of the meals really well.  There is always a wait at this place, so plan accordingly. But you know when you see a big line in front of any restaurant, it's usually for the right reasons, and that is certainly true of HHAGG.
5	This may be the single greatest restaurant you will ever go to. The original is in San Diego in Hilcrest and unlike most Las Vegas versions of good restaurants from other places (cough canters cough) this one is true to the original; and the original is amazing. No f-ing joke, if i lived in Hilcrest I would weigh no less that 465lbs because of the Hash House. If you love breakfast, you will love this place. No question in my mind. I've been to both a combined maybe 15 times and never had anything less that great. If they have the pork tenderloin hash, get that. Its ridiculous.You will love it forever.
4	Here's my video review:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gv2ZbNhpRyc&list=UUQ4ESoV0goB3YZAHiZ69yhAIf you're ever in Vegas in search of a good breakfast spot, check out Hash house a go go!  Preferably, the one on West Sahara Avenue because it is the cleanest one in Vegas thus far.  [The Quad hotel is kinda dirty, so I don't recommend that one, but the restaurant there looked clean, although there were not too many customers]Review by: Denyce@Hairdresser.net
4	This place is great.  I first fell in love with it at the M-Casino; but that location closed.  I checked out the Plaza Hotel location and it did not live up to the same standards.  It's okay, you should find out for yourself.  They give you a lot of food and have a fun menu.  They have HUGE pancakes and tasty dishes.  I'd check it out again for sure.  Too bad the M-Resort location closed.  I prefer that over downtown; as downtown has drawn a more... how do I put this, ghetto crowd.  Just my two cents.
4	Great big breakfast!  More than I could eat. I had the hash with chorizo and it was great. My breakfast mates had egg scramble and basic and enjoyed both The homemade tangerine jam was excellent to put on my giant biscuit.
5	Awesomeness.  Pure Awesomness.
1	Among the worst restaurants I have ever had the misfortune to patronize.   After suffering through a miserable meal -- bad service, bad food, bad attitudes --  at the now-closed location at the M Resort, I said I would never go back.  But while in Reno,, staying at Harrah's Reno, I unhappily noticed that the hotel has almost no other choices, so I tried the Hash House there.  Yuck!  Ugly, multi-tattooed servers, slow service, marginally edible food.  I will be glad when this sorry establishment goes out of business.
5	Awesome food in ridiculously ginormous portions.
5	LOVE LOVE! If I lived in Vegas, I'd be here every chance I get. The food was soo good and the servers were really nice and personable. We went for dinner and were surprised at the huge portions! We heard about the pancakes the size of your head which I hate we didnt stay long enough in Vegas to try their breakfast. One of the best meals I've had in a while.
4	Hash House A Go Go is one of my favorite establishments for monstrous sized breakfast dishes.  The place is actually great for breakfast, lunch, or dinner so you can't go wrong by choosing Hash House a Go Go. Growing up in San Diego, I have gone to the Hash House there more times than I can recall, so going out of the way (off the strip) to grab grub at Hash House was an obvious choice away from the buffets and rest of the crowds. The food at this location was great and each of us had enough leftovers to serve as a late night snack.  For whatever reason, the BLT Blood Mary here was far superior to any other of the BLT Blood Marys that I have had at other places.  Looking forward to going back!
4	Delicious (and HUGE) breakfast. Had a nice selection of hearty breakfasts. I recommend sharing any of the benedicts.
5	MY MY MY....The chicken & waffles pass them up and your an idiot lol. THEY WERE SOOOOOOOOO GOOD! Sweet and yummy. Beautiful and unique display of yummy delicious food. I love this place and when I go back to Las Vegas its a must that I stop by. They food is like art....and they give you so much of it. Hands down one of my fav places to eat. Try the chicken & waffles!
5	Sage Fried Chicken breakfast is amazing!I went to this spot specifically from the reviews of Yelp, boy, it did not disappoint.Price - Very reasonable, my giant fried chicken breakfast was only $12 with a biscuit, two eggs, two bacons, mash potatoes, and fruit. Wait - Wasn't very long, took us 10 minutes to get a table for 2 at noon on a Sunday.Selection - there was so many options on the menu varying from all different types of dishes for the right occasion.Very impressed, thank you Yelp.
3	I was expecting moreThe service and the food was bleh.I rather go to SkinnyFats in Las Vegas
4	Yes sir, we will be back!  Thank you fellow Yelpers for all of your feedback, we certainly were not disappointed. When you said hefty portions, we did heed your advice. We made a reservation and was able to get seated right away, we came as a group of 7, not a real issue, our food came pretty much right away. Believe me, we came hungry & left very happy with leftovers! I'm taking a star off because of the server we had, she seemed to be distracted, or maybe didn't want to serve us? We tipped her well anyway.  Hopefully, she'll be nicer to her customers in the future?
5	Enormous portion sizes, and waffles are BOMB too!
5	I love this place! Always great food and great service. The portions are huge and so delicious. I have never had a bad meal at Hash House. I love their pancakes with coconut and mango. My husband loves the Benedict with sage chicken. We have been to several locations in Las Vegas and have never had a bad meal.
4	Ok let me say that I was here over a month ago but wanted to still write a review. Be prepared to wait at least 20 minutes of more for a table. This place is extremely popular and it does get packed. My friends and I waited a long time before we were seated which was understandable. All the eats are close together and there is outside seating available. It does get noisy so I would not recommend this place if you are looking for a more intimate setting.   I ordered the maple reduction chicken and when it came out I was not expecting how huge the portions would be! Honestly my plate alone was large enough to feed two people! It came with a homemade biscuit and a side of mashed potatoes all of which were delicious. One of my friends ordered the pancakes which was enormous! The prices are very fair considering the extremely large portions. I hear there is a location in San Diego also which I will visit soon!
4	I walked in today around 1pm as a solo diner and even though slightly larger parties of 2 or 3 were waiting I was seated immediately.   Service was fast, efficient and informative.   The menu is an interesting mix of fresh,  flavorful and a touch of hedonism.   The open ceiling combined with the wood floors and abundance of stainless steel can make it noisy but on this visit nit overly so.I had a fresh made cherry limeade that was the right combination of sweet and tart.  The waiter also informed me that refills were not free which I appreciated.  The chicken and waffles taste-wise were excellent.   The waffles had full strips of cooked bacon in them and coming out the edges.   The presentation was overwhelming and most likely needs to be served on a larger plate as there is no way to eat this dish without the garnish and chicken sliding off the plate but somehow I managed.   The rosemary sprig speared into both pieces of fried chicken gives the meat a subtle piney taste that complements the sage very well.Like all the other customers today I too walked out with my doggie bag as the quantity is just too much to eat in one sitting.   It is this last point that prevents me from giving 5 stars.  Please don't misunderstand.  I enjoyed my experience and will return.   I recommend you try this restaurant with a unique concept.
2	At first I thought I would be impressed by this place because everything smelled delicious and portions going around were enormous!First bite wasn't what I expected...There was nothing special about their food .. Everything was garnished the same and everything tasted the same.I gave it another shot because boss brought it for lunch ... And I just wasn't convinced..I'm sorry but I just can't seem to like this place..
4	Get off the strip, and get into something great! Hash House A Go Go is a fun place with giant size breakfast plates big enough for sharing. Food is good with lots of fun combos to choose fr.
5	I'm in love with the snickers pancake, must try. Portions big, at a great price and good service.
5	The food was delicious!!  I've been there a few times already.  Big portions.  I suggest either sharing with someone or eating it the next day.  I'm greedy, I had no desire to share :)Eating as leftover was delicious.
2	We've been here several times, overall it's a great concept, but lately it's just turning into another tourist trap in Vegas. Noisy, crowded and the food doesn't make up for it. Soggy limp waffle, runny undercooked eggs and rush service. 10 minute wait between visits from the server who mostly acted like she needed us to leave so she get another 4 top in. Used to be great, but better stuff to be had without the wait.  Good Bloody Mary's though! But pass if you want good food.
2	I was a fool to expect much from a run down place like this...goes to show how much TV  publicity can superficially boost a restaurant's reputation...I ordered a mushroom hash and much to my chagrin it was just a Denny's entree but in a fancier skillet.  The service was fast but water seems to be scarce here as not one refill happened and the food only takes about half an hour to come out...for supposedly fast food.  Now the dish that they're famous for...the chicken that the man vs food ate, its just some super decked out chicken jam packed with every unhealthy food and fatty flavor possible.  Now if you like that then you're in heaven and if not then you're stuck trying to shove lard down your throat.
4	This place has big "pretty" portions, but something about most of the dishes lacks flavor!  I'm giving Hash House 4 out of 5 stars because I have always had good experiences here, even though a few of the dishes are bland.  The Sage Chicken and Waffles is my favorite dish here.  My family came in town and decided to get the pot-pie, and the salmon dinner, they both complained that their dish was bland, not living up to the initial hype.
3	I'm from the east coast. It's my second time visiting Vegas. Love the atmosphere. I had to come try this spot because I saw it on the food network. Gotta say the portions were really large so I got every bang for my buck. Overall I would say it was a good experience. I had the chicken and waffles and it was stacked. I'd recommend this to any hungry men
2	I was taken to Hash House A Go Go with a major fan and was expecting so much better. The portions are huge and if portion over taste was my thing, I would have loved it. I orered the Sage Chicken Benedict and in theory it sounds delicious and even has a Man vs. Food endorsement, but it was gross. It should have been called the trash plate or the left over plate because it seemed like something you'd make when all of the left overs from the week came together in one dish. The biscuits here are the worst biscuits ever made as they aren't flakey or buttery but big dough blobs. There were too many flavors on the plate and at the end I just felt sick. I am not a huge fan of mash potatoes to begin with but mashed potatoes under chicken, biscuits, eggs, cheese, and this sauce was just too much. Oh, and the food was not hot at all just slightly warm leftovers on a huge plate...I did taste my friend's banana pancakes and they were delicious, but everyone else's food was just meh.
3	First time eating here and in my opinion, I  thought it was alright, nothing great. Service was very good, I must say. We started with complimentary biscuits drizzled with honey and butter.We ordered the 'All' blue crab cake entree, Butternut squash w/sundried tomato and mushroom risotto and the Pub crawl corned beef sandwich. Everything had good flavor except that the "All" blue crab cake was mostly breadcrumb  filler and not crab. I sent it back and ordered the stuffed meatloaf, which again was alright. The portions for everything are huge. I will try them again just because the service was really good and maybe next time I'll get lucky and order something here worth raving about, but not anytime soon.
4	So I've been here a few times but was never inclined to write a review until now. I must say I was absolutely amazed by the service. Our server was a cute bubbly girl named Merisa. She was really friendly and gave super speedy service. Also my brother had a small complaint about his cocktail not being strong enough and she immediately grabbed it and had the bar tender make it a little bit stronger with no questions asked! it was great how easily she took care of it. Thanks Merisa! So on to the food, I got a hash with mushrooms, spinach, sun dried tomatoes, and artichokes. To be honest it was a bit bland until I poured the yolk from my eggs on it. Then it was perfect! the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit. My brother got French toast which came with caramelized bananas on top. He absolutely loved them! I couldn't believe he finished it all. The portion sizes were huge haha. I'll definitely be back and I'll probably ask for Merisa next time.
5	Portions are huge and not to mention awesome!
4	I love Hash House A Go Go.  LOVE IT.  But I can't give it 5 stars.  They have a great menu and super yummy specials, but you can't make any changes to what you order.  For example, I don't always want half a plate of potatoes with my breakfast but if you ask for fruit instead, even for an up charge, they won't change it.  They'll give you less food for the same price, but for an additional cost they still won't alter the dish.  Same with lunch and dinner.  It drives me crazy.  My husband and I still take out of town guests here and we think the food is very flavorful and well made, but we rarely go on our own anymore because as much as I can appreciate potatoes (originally a midwestern girl) every dinner and breakfast doesn't need 2-3 pounds of them fried or mashed to make a complete meal.
4	Be prepared to wait in line if you go on the weekends any time from 10am-2pm.  But it's totally worth it.  The food is great and the portions are absurdly big (which means you have lunch and possibly dinner).Service is slow- and not that exceptional- but if you have some bloody marys, anything is tolerable.
5	Food, service and ambiance is 100% conducive to a fantastic time with the Family! :)
4	gigantic portions.....  I mean ridiculously gigantic.  Delicious and filling.
4	Good food nice service...
5	One word description, "Humongous".This place already has a big following, but to just add my two cents into the pool of reviews HH is worth it in all aspects. The food is delicious. The portions are...Humongous. The service was great. The selections are so abundant that you must go back frequently to try all the delicious choices. The prices are a bit on the upper end, but when you get such large quantities, you know upon the arrival of your order, you get what you paid for.
4	Banana Peanutbutter Pancakes are great...
3	Portion way too big with prices to match. Good one time place, but many others surrounding them to try.
4	While in Vegas we looked up restaurants on the Food Networks's Diner, Drive-Ins and Dives.  This came up and we decided to check it out.  One word HUGE!  The portions are ginormous!  So large that the dishes came with the steak knife sticking out from the top to hold it together!  We had The Kokokmo, Big O' Crispy Pork Tenderloin Sandwich, Grilled Portabello Mushroom Sandwich and Corned Beef, red onions and swiss cheese sandwich.  All very tasty and had to bring home leftovers!  A definate must if you get the chance!
4	I like this place.  Great breakfasts and nice portions and it isn't overly expensive.  Definitely going to go back there.
3	What a treat.  You can find some good restaurants off the strip and this is one of them.  Even though they built a couple of these in casinos, this one will always be the original.  I was looking for something different and discovered this place.  Glad I make the hike to try it out.  You get large portion of what you think is typical fare, yet they seem to put a fusion flare to all their dishes.  Wait can be long due to the popularity.  Give it a try, I think you will like it.
3	Short: Sub-par food in large proportions dressed up for no reason with a loud atmosphere. Visited this place with a friend after we've been curious of it after a long time. Disappointed, big time. Food was decent, service was decent, place the decent, atmosphere was loud. I ordered some chorizo hash, and my friend had french toast. The hash had deep-friend potatoes (probably from frozen), with some sauce and cheese on top. The chorizo was the soft type that just turned into liquid after it was cooked so there was only a few chunks left. It was alright, not mind blowing.My friend's french toast was worse. It was made of thick slabs of bread (good, right?) that had barely touched egg before they were fried--it was pretty much bread with a egg coating on the outside. If you didn't know: French toast is bread SOAKED in egg, and fried. But this was barely touched, so it was like eating hot bread rather than eggy goodness. The toppings were a bit bland as well.Bottom line: If you want to go to a place that puts more priority on decorating, than actually making your food taste good, go here. Big proportions that don't need to be that big, dressed up for no reason, decent food.Next time, we're probably going to head to Ihop or Denny's. Same food quality, better service, cheaper, and they don't play with our food.
2	Ok, I understand all the hype on this place - their portions are for fatties, the food is kind of tasty, and it's hip. Cool dude.However, this is not a place I ever seem to crave. It's super busy most of the time and I hate waiting to eat at a restaurant that I'm not crazy about. Perhaps I haven't ordered the right item to make me feel this way yet, and that's why I'm not on the same page as everyone else. The few times I had eaten here, the food was not horrible, just nothing really memorable (other than the size of the colossal dishes) to make me crave it. If portion over taste was what I was into, this place would be top of my list. But it's not. The last time we ate here, I ordered the chicken and waffles which was very unimpressive. It was completely dry. I should've tried something else because I don't think anywhere in town beats DW Bistro's Jerk Chicken and Waffles, so maybe that was my mistake. The portion was of course too large, and it seemed like everything was just thrown on the plate. I didn't feel like the flavors complimented each other well at all. My Bloody Mary with the Bacon strip was ok. I don't know. This place just didn't do it for me during my last visit.Maybe next time (if there is a next time) will be better.
4	Best Chicken & Waffles. They run a strip of bacon through the waffle though, which gives you a gross, rubbery, not crispy bacon strip. I get it without the bacon. Enough for two.
5	I love that they put the giant sprig of rosemary on the mashed potatoes
5	Awesome service and fresh food! Avocado bacon cheddar cheese double  burger was awesome!!
4	I like hash house. I first went to one in san diego. It is great. huge portions. Good food. Good service. I recommend getting reservations. This place stays packed.
4	I loved the homestyle cooking. The portions were huge; my pancake was literally bigger than my head! The servers were very friendly and quick to serve us.
4	the wait was a nightmare. during my trip to Vegas, i lived off one meal a day - which was not really intentional but it kinda just happened. Night after night of going out and what not really drains you and when you wake up, your famished!!! so here i was, FAMISHED. and i think we waited for an hour? hour and a half? but for a party of 8 :\ so that could have also been a factor... anyways, if your hungry come early is what i learned.on to the food. there are soooooo many choices to choose from! i love breakfast food and everything sounded so delish! i figured i should split because i heard the portions here were SKDJFSLDKJDLFJ OUTTA THIS WORLD... and they were... but hey - that means i have food to eat when i get drunkchies. I ordered the  Andy's Sage Fried Chicken which came with mash potatoes eggs? a giant biscuit oh it has BACON lol every fat kid's dream. i dont know how to describe this to you but it was just simply amazing. it was even more amazing eating it at 4 am. Each time a plate of food came out my eyes were LITEREALLY like O.O DAYUUMMMMMMM. seriously, the portions here are huge. HUGE. even people who were splitting had a hard time finishing... but yeah place is definitely worth it. it is pricey but for the portion you get, its  pretty cheap.
5	i love this place and everything in it.portions are huge.food is delicious!service is great.
5	So apparently when I'm in vegas, my diet goes out the window. Rather than doing our usual brunch buffet at the Wynn or other casinos, we opted to get Hash House. I wanted to go to this location off the strip because the wait isn't as long (I get very angry when I'm hungry. The snickers bar commercials where ppl turn into crazy angry hungry monsters definitely applies to me haha). ALSO after we left, we met BJ PENN & GOT A PHOTO W/ HIM!!! :D Being a girl that's into MMA, I was so happy.There's patio seating outside for those that want to get your tan on in the nevada sun, but we opted for indoor seating. The service was very friendly, no complaints thereFOOD:Mushroom, spinach, sun dried tomatoes, artichoke scrambled egg white hash & ordered extra side of ham steak - What can I say? I'm a petite girl w/ a big appetite. I devoured this whole cast iron plated meal except for a few pieces of potatoes. You seriously get enough potato wedges to last for days here. Everything was cooked perfectly. Eggs weren't overcooked. There were plenty of mushroom, spinach, etc. The biscuit was warm and flaky, I doused it in butter and honey. I was in heaven! The ham steak was huge, but good and not super saltyChicken Pot Pie - my bf ordered this and I helped him out a little 'cause I was still hungry after eating my dish LOL. I loved how this wasn't just ordinary chicken pot pie. It's served in a cute giant hat w/ gravy oozing everywhere. Dish came out piping hot and fresh! There were plenty of chicken breast pieces throughout each bite and yes...loads of potato wedges. I really like the gravy here, everything tasted so home made. I'd recommend this dish over the fried chicken biscuit benedictAndy's Fried Chicken Biscuit Benedict - 2 of our friends ordered this and it was just ok to me. I know it's a popular item, but it really did just taste like fried chicken w/ biscuits...nothing too special. At least the fried chicken wasn't too greasyWatermelon lemonade - IT LOOKED SO AWESOME!! check out my pic http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/0Eh9jlsKXJIN8N9CuLnIsQ/ms.jpgTasted really refreshing and not super sweet. The watermelon wasn't overpowering either.Caramel Coffee w/ scoop of vanilla ice cream - So my friend ordered this cause we had serendipity the night before. This basically tasted like any other frappe, but great palate cleanser for all that food!I love the big portions at hash house and the pricing is just right for what you get!! I know they have one back home in CA,but it's all the way in SD :( They're expanding like crazy in vegas, how about building one in Orange County?!
4	Great place, massive portions. Could split one order to 3 every time! Great place to go after marathons :) Yum yum!
4	ate here last year during march madness...the portions here are ginormous.  that being said, my tapeworm was well fed for the next few hours.  regular people like yourselves can probably share.my friends and i went out there for breakfast.. breakfast time being noon.  lol.  prices are more than reasonable than hitting a breakfast join inside any casino.  fresh squeezed oj to top it off.. food coma at noon.  what could be better?  hitting a 4 part parlay afterwards!it's def a place to try if ur on a budget, getting over a hangover.. make ur way out there, you won't be disappointed!
2	Hash hash a go go is named accurately because you will have to go go if you know what I mean before you leave.  Service was slow, the food came out for our table at three different times. While the food portions were large the food tasted bland and was barely warm.
5	Sage fried chicken biscuit Benedict for the win! Loved everything about it. Well over 2 servings, made for perfect leftovers. The fresh squeezed tangerine juice was amazing  as well. Food came fast and service was good, I'll be back
5	Incredible breakfast! I love coming here everyone in in Vegas.  I have tried most menu items and they are all fabulous.  Must try if you have never been here.
4	Pricey and food was decent. It didn't teally stand out. I prefer Eggworks.
5	Freaking Sage Chicken and Waffles were Amazing! Stacked High and decorated well. Others on here might say no flavor, but my experience was the opposite! My chicken was so juicy and so crispy despite being covered in warm syrup. The waffles alone would be worth the 30-45 minute wait! I am A Believer In Hash House!
2	I think it's overrated, the wait is long also. The homemade corned beef hash was good though
4	OMG, where do I begin? The few times I've gone here, we've had to wait for seating. Funny, because there weren't any other people waiting to be seated and there were clean unoccupied tables, but whatever. They're pretty much tied with The Cheesecake Factory as far as portions go. My man looooves to eat and even he couldn't eat all of the food. Our favorites are the blueberry pecan pancake and the chicken omelettes.
1	This review is for the chicken and waffles.  This place is over rated.  Surprise the average is 4 stars.  Chicken was dry and waffle had a breadlike texture.  I like my waffle to have a little crunch on first bite. Chicken and waffle are both flavoreless. Don't be fooled, it looks better than it taste.I was going to give it 2 stars but we had a reservation.  We arrived on time but our table was not ready.  We waited for another 15-20 minutes and almost missed a show we were scheduled to watch that same evening. Def not coming back.
5	Delicious! Over the top and fabulous! Everything is good there-- everything. And ENORMOUS portions.
5	Biscuits are huge and amazing!  That in itself is a crazy appetizer!  The food is very decent, and the portion is grand!Had some type of chicken dish, it was delicious!  Note:  Ask about the mashed potatoes before ordering.  If you don't like wasabi, don't get it!
5	Hash House is a unique place with food mainly unlike other restaurants.  Huge portions with generous use of quality ingredients keep me coming back!  I love their breakfast skillets and burgers - both loaded with avocado!
5	I first decided to eat here after seeing the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict on Man vs. Food. Since then I've been back several times.Out of all of the times that we've been, I've only tried 2 items. The Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and The Mashed Potato Stuffed Burger. Both are absolutely delicious and there is no need to order anything else on the menu (I'm sure the rest is good though).My wife loves the chicken and waffles, and gets either that or the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. I keep telling myself that I'm going to try something new, but I never do. I'll definitely be going back though, because we always have lots of leftovers.
2	Overrated. Have tried 2x, once with the fam and once with a friend from back east. He was unimpressed as it all does taste the same. Bigger does not always mean better as we can attest to when people watching in this town.Service was rushed and when we placed the order, it came out not even 5 min later which leads me to believe there may be a few vats in the kitchen which are mix and match. First time had eggs benny w fried chix. Unsure what I was thinking w that one but it had that hospital cafeteria tasteless look and taste. Second time had the scramble with bacon and avocado which was of the same same. Perhaps the lunch and dinner is the way to go go here.
5	Great food, and WOW! Be careful and share a plate of something the portions are huge!
2	I love breakfast, and I love trying out places that have good reviews for breakfast, but I was extremely disappointed with this place. I think their focus is more on quantity and completely ignores quality. I did not like the food at all, I must say that I was expecting more. The food was bland and flavorless. AND THE COFFEE was super strong, I tried mixing it with half cup of hot water and it was still really strong. I would never recommend this place.
5	This is my favorite place for brunch!  I have never had a bad meal here.  The wait can be a bit long but it's so worth it.  Not only is the food delicious but the service is amazing.  I sometimes take my daughter who is wheelchair bound with me & the staff is always so accomodating to us & our specific needs.
4	There bloody marries are on a different level. Worth the trip for just that alone. Anyways there breakfast and lunch is amazing. I love there chicken and asparagus hash. AH-MAZING. Drool. The wait is always awful but definitely worth it.
3	Ok I really do like this place and their food but today was different. They have large portions which is great unless you order the grilled salmon salad. It's a huge plate with a whole lot of iceberg lettuce and piece of salmon gone in six bites, different than their normal huge plates. Stick with the sage chicken and waffles. They're awesome!
5	I had the bacon,  avocado,  and cheddar stuffed burger. DELICIOUSNESS! Serving size was very generous. Restaurant was clean and the staff friendly. Will be back.
4	All I can say is HUGE.  Went with my family that was in town visiting.  I ordered the Chicken and Waffles.  I had never had that before and have always been nervous to try it because I like to have milk when Im eating syrup yet in my mind milk and chicken just didn't go together but I decided to give it a whirl.  Oh my goodness.  It came out and was huge.  I don't even think I ate half and had to wrap it up to take it home.  The chicken was seasoned very well and the waffles were crunchy and fluffy.  AMAZING.  My dad ordered one of the stuffed burgers and loved it.  My grandma and her friend ordered some eggs and sausage and toast and said it was excellent.  I will definitely go back.
5	Great food & service. Professional & knowledgeable staff. Food was on point!
4	This place is amazing and theres nothing like it. Yes the price might be not the greatest but the portions are great. I eat a lot so its perfect for someone like myself. The only reason why I am giving it a 4 star is because of the prices. I would recommend everyone to try this place and you might fall in love.
4	Watermelon drink is TO DIE! Love. Tried their chicken and waffles but I the chicken was pretty bland. Would still recommend this restaurant as the atmosphere and people are very friendly and nice!
5	The best of the best for breakfast or brunch!  The plates are big enough to share ~ actually platter sized.  The presentation is fantastic and mostly artfully stacked.  My favorite is the salmon filet with eggs and mashed potatoes.  They have great Bloody Marys too!
1	Only because I love the food here is why I come here all the time and put up with the hit n miss customer service. The host here are horrible several times that we been here we sit waiting and they keep sitting guests that comes in after us and said they thought we have left....mind this waiting area is rt in front of them. Other times another host just points to bar and says you can sit there or do u want dinning in a very unpleasant voice like she is over it.....then throws our menus on the table and says all your menus are here and walks away....we also had a server that dropped our check in the middle of our meal and said "just in case you can't find me".... really????.....Our other experiences here has been fine where we can deal with it....but hopefully they retrain their staff that just doesn't have any customer service personality.....start with the host first cause they are who we see first and if it is a bad experience I will will think the rest of my experience will be as bad.....
5	Great customer service the food is great here food is served enough for 2 chicken and waffle s.  Erin was the best always with a big smile Thanks Erin
4	Gotta have the Chicken and waffles with bacon in the center of the waffles, the fried green tomatos are a winner too.
5	Everything was big and delicious should come here.   Had the BLT and my wife had the Chicken pot pie. Beautiful presentation! Reasonable prices and huge portions. Will definitely come back!
5	I love this place.  When I am hungry and want to grub out I love coming here and getting different dishes.
5	I haven't had a bad experience here.  I frequent this restaurant every couple months and make sure to bring all of my out of town guests here.  Their food is not only affordable, especially with their HUGE serving sizes, but their service is always fantastic.Customer for life here :)
5	A Sunday morning excursion here meant a 45 minute wait time. Too bad we couldn't get here before everyone slept off the alcohol and partying from the night before...maybe if there was no remnants of leprechaun piss in my own bloodstream...Long wait, but the food is worth it. I don't usually order pancakes when I'm out, but blueberry and white chocolate is a seductive combo. My dining companion had the sage fried chicken benedict with a nice chipotle kick to it. Portion sizes are ridiculously huge...the Benedict could have served 3 or 4 people and the pancake extended over two opposite edges of the giant plate. Plan to share or doggie bag! Good food, expertly seasoned, and prices are a value taking into account the amount of food served. Kiwi watermelon lemonade was tangy, refreshing and pretty to look at with the three layers before I swirled them all together. Casual farm ambience with enough stainless steel worked in to not feel cheesy and decent service considering how packed it was. I was elated to learn they have a location back home I can check out after I leave fabulous Las Vegas ^.^
3	2/15/14the wait was  pretty long- about 40 minutes.my usual go-to, when im out to breakfast, is the eggs benedict. so, i had the Original eggs benedict with bacon. i cant say that it knocked me off my feet. it was definitely different but not necessarily delicious. im glad i experienced this spot but i probably wont be going back.
5	great food
4	The food is great and I always have left overs for the next day! The place is very busy but the service was still good and never felt like the server forgot about us.
4	Great strong coffee & some of the best breakfast in town.
4	I love eating here and trying there interesting combinations.  I love mash potatoes on my hamburgers
2	I went to the location at Palace Station. The food while served in huge serving was slightly cold and not all that appetizing. The Bloody Marys again were huge but overly spicy and the service was impersonal. For all the hype it definately was not worth the price. Try Blueberry Hill instead or Egg works.
4	found is amazing #large portions
5	Loved everything about this place! Great prices! The food was delicious! The services was spectacular! A must visit when in Vegas!
5	There is only one thing I eat there and I never pick a different item. Why? Because it's my perfect crave. The Chicken & Waffles! It's a huge portion so if you're really hungry then enjoy. It's enough for 2 to share. This is a must try.
5	WOW unbelieble food, presentation and portions!
4	So my husband and I remembered seeing this joint on Man v. Food ages ago.  We decided to come here not only because of that fact, but there were also multiple locations around the city and the reviews convinced us that we should try it out.  There was no wait for us, but we went around noon on St. Patrick's Day, so it wasn't really that busy.It took a while to slog through the menu - there were an awful lot of choices and I didn't know what to select.  From watching MvF (or, really, anything Adam Richman does), we knew that the portions were going to be insane - and the server even warned us ahead of time that it would happen.  So, yeah.  Come here hungry if you don't want a takeout box, because nearly everyone had them.I really wanted the chicken and waffles dish that I'd seen, but I KNEW that was going to be too much.  And in light of what I actually ordered, I'm grateful for that decision.My husband and I ordered the Tractor Driver special - carby item plus eggs plus potatoes.  I ordered a vanilla waffle, he ordered a Snickers pancake.  (Both items incur a slight upcharge.)  And coffee.  Lots of coffee.When it came.... the look of shock on both of our faces.  We'd been warned, all right, but neither of us actually knew what we were bargaining for.  The attached pictures show the look on my husband's face as he hefts up the SIDE of this gargantuan pancake.  I mean, really.  It was hanging off the edge of the plate.  My vanilla waffle was not much smaller, either.  It came with a small container of sweet syrup and a fresh strawberry.  Nice touch.The food was pretty good, I will say.  I didn't notice any difference between a waffle and a vanilla waffle, though - unless my palate is so jaded that I can't tell.  The coffee was pretty good.  It was all just so MUCH.  Obscenely so, really.  It's a good thing that I decided I wasn't going to count calories on vacation....So why only 4 stars instead of 5?  Price was a bit steep, though you do get your money's worth.  And the server was a little on the "cool" side for me.  I don't mind people not hovering (in fact, I prefer it), but she was a little TOO standoffish, which can be just as much a turnoff.  The decor (all silvery with a 'metal' theme) was not up my alley, either.  Just very cold and industrial.Would we come back?  Probably, if we feel the need to eat everything in the entire state of Nevada.  Otherwise, we'll share a plate.
3	We used to go to Hash House for breakfast all of the time.  We loved their french toast and gigantic waffle.  However, in the last two months, we have stopped going as the last 3 times we went, the meat and eggs were entirely TOO greasy for some reason and the waffle was doughy (not cooked enough) and my french toast was burned.  It takes an incredibly long time to get food re-done and honestly, I have to evaluate if the value is there as the breakfasts are pricey.  I don't need a ton of food, just good quality of food as they used to have.  I gave them three stars as everyone should try them once, and my hope is they return to quality as then I will gladly return to the restaurant.  Until then, so many other places to have breakfast in Vegas for far less $. We also tried them for dinner to see if there was a difference with the kitchen perhaps but nope, over salted food and my now my bacon and french toast were both burned....twenty minutes later, still chasing the server to check on our food.......dropping another star on this review soon.......
5	This place has fabulous food and great service. This is a must for anyone visiting Vegas.
4	Always good food and service..
4	Hash House A Go Go was great! The food was really tasty and the portions were huge. The service was great. I had a breakfast skillet. So good! We went on a Saturday morning around 9. The wait wasn't too bad. 20 minutes, maybe. When we left the waiting area was packed. Go early if you can. Trying to find Hash House from the Quad Parking garage was a bit confusing.
4	always great and a long time favorite!
5	THIS PLACE  IS FANTASTIC! Come hungry! The wait was reasonable for a place that EVERYONE is trying to get into. The service was EXCELLECT and told the MANAGER their STAFF were doing a great job! My coffee cup was never empty and my syrup flow was never low as well. GREAT PLACE! WILL GO AGAIN!
5	The portions are so massive, it's best to share entrees. I has a chicken pot pie & my hubby had waffles with bacon...  nom nom nom!!!
3	Huge Portions. This is the second time we came here. The first was years ago, around 2008. I'd say the atmosphere and ambiance are the same, but the quality of the food has gone down. I'd still say to go check it out. The staff is friendly, service is excellent, and as I said, the portions are HUGE. Maybe we were there on a bad morning.
4	Any place that serves orange pineapple juice is a winner in my book. I tried a few of their house hashes and they were all tasty.
1	I went here with  my friends and it was not worth waiting and hour and a half to eat crappy burnt food. Why do they put Sage and stick it on a biscuit...
3	Food is good but the portion size is outrageous! Please share! Service is a bit slow and the staff aren't overly friendly but perhaps they had too many pancakes and simply can't digest!
1	Terrible service!!!! Had to wait 30min to pay check. One of those places that serves big portions of cheap food and since they received a little exposure makes them not care about service and cheap food.
5	The BEST chicken and waffles EVER!!!! Portion and prices are AMAZING! This place is a MUST! in Vegas.
5	This place was so amazing that I literally blew a kiss to it as I walked away!  I went on a referral from a friend and it was well worth their advice!  Immediately the service was spot on with a server who wasn't only extremely helpful but witty as well.  I ordered the Kokamo sandwich and it was huge! Everything was top notch:  service, taste, portion size, ambiance... you name it!
1	I had high expectations hence a one star rather than two. Our 25 minute wait did not effect my low rating. We should all expect a wait for breakfast on the weekend.I had the meatloaf, egg and potatoes meal.  The meatloaf was so dry I almost dosed it with ketchup and I hate ketchup. Some times it's the little things that set you off.  Biscuits.  We had a choice of rye or wheat bread a biscuit.  Being a die hard sourdough guy I took the biscuit.  Our server did not bring butter, jam or honey and did not ask if we would like any.  My brain usually kicks in about the time a server has just left, but on this occasion I asked after not being offered anything.  Butter and jam where brought back to the table.  No choice of what kind of jam I would prefer.  No mention of honey maybe being available.My requested over medium eggs were of course over easy - nobody gets that right.  The potatoes not very memorable.So high expectations added to by the crowd of people waiting for a table and a plate with awful meatloaf add up to a ONE STAR I don't know how anybody could call this amazing and I am not inclined to give them a second chance.  Enough
4	Quantity= bang for your buckQuality= eh, better than buffet but not as good as specialized places, like Metro Pizza or Naked City or Bachi Burger.
2	My food was very bland. I ordered the house salad with chicken. It came with a giant biscuit. The salad had some kind of pesto dressing on it that didn't taste like a much. Overall a disappointing experience, I probably would not recommend this place.
5	I've been to Hash House several times, and to to this particular location three times.  The service and food is always on point.  I tend to get the same thing, ham and spinach scramble with a s'mores mocha so I highly recommend both of those items.  My husband has had different dish every time and enjoyed them all.  The portions are huge, the bloody mary's are strong, the servers are friendly - what else could you ask for?
5	FAB-U-LOUS!!   What a great place.  Worth the wait in line.  Hit the one @ the Rio which was packed but that usually say's alot about a place.  Ordered the Corned Beef Hash with eggs and it was The BEST I've ever had.  That's saying alot since mine is pretty darned good.  They take pride in their food.  I have nothing bad to say, great food, great service!
3	For breakfast only I like this place.  Service is never very fast and you get obscene amounts of food.  But its definitely an experience and easy to have a slow meal with friends when you're not on a time table.Love their biscuits and bacon.  Would be happier with the fruit plate if they'd stop serving it with obviously frozen blueberries.
4	Much like ihop in pricing but be weary of sides they are $3 each. Food is delightful. much better than ihop.
5	Oh man, this place is just heaven. The food is so good. HUGE portions which is nice and makes for literally 3-4 meals and I LOVE leftovers!
4	My friends and I went out to Vegas to celebrate my 21st birthday and by the end of the weekend we were craving some really good food. I mean who doesn't crave really good food after a weekend of being in Vegas. This place is worth the 45 minute wait we endured. The service was very friendly and we got our orders in quickly and then they came out about 7 minutes later. The portions are well worth the money and then some. Please give this place a shot and you won't be disappointed.
3	The portions are absolutely enormous, so split an entree. Presentation was moderately creative, the food was fairly good (shared the fried salmon entree), but my house salad was the lamest thing ever. Way too much day-old iceberg lettuce, and not enough of the other vegetables (so order a different salad). Not a good place to go if you are looking for something light and healthy.
4	Fun place to enjoy a meal.  Great menu . . . . Great prices.
4	Food is amazing! Service could be friendly and the wait was really long but that is just because they are so popular that they are really busy on the weekends.
5	This place was SO yummy.  I can't wait to go back and try it again!
4	A must place to eat if you are here in Vegas. A bit of a drive off the strip but so worth it! My chorizo hash was just spicy enough with great flavor. This plate is so big you can easily split it w someone.  Comes w your choice of egg biscuit and fruit. Sooooo good!!!
5	There are not enough great breakfast/brunch places in Vegas, but Hash House A Go Go makes up for that lack. I order something different every time I go, and I have never been disappointed. Simply. Great.
2	Too much food and not  tasty!,
4	Delicious. Huge portions. Drinks are pleasant. Staff is very friendly and helpful. BE READY for any dish, I wasn't hungry until the next morning. So worth it though! Advice; go in as a party of 4,order 2 dishes, 4 drinks,and tip well!
5	Awesome food large portions!!! Won't leave hungry...a must stop when you come to Vegas!!!
5	Never disappoints. Big portions, tasty food. The wait can be long at times but always worth it.
2	While visiting Vegas, we decided to give their chicken & waffles a try. While waiting to be seated we could see the HUGE portions. My husband was disappointed that their chix n waffles only came with chix breast. He decided to only get a bacon waffle & try some of my chix. When the food arrived it looked incredible, but the chix was bland & lacked flavor. The waffles we ok but nothing great.I'm not sure if we would go back next time we visit Vegas.
4	If you are looking for a great place and want to get off the strip for a bit this is a fun place to take the family.  It is great for larger parties and kids. The staff was very friendly and accommodated our group of 8 with 4 of those being kids.  The portions are crazy big, but as some places with huge portions they like on quality, this is not the case there.  The quantity and quality are both done well.  I was able to order one dish and share with my 2 kids and there was plenty to go around.  This is not a place to hit up if you are looking for a light meal, but more a splurge to indulge while on vacation.
3	The food is great but wow is a lot of food! lol
5	Oh my goodness! Great food and LOTS of it! You won't go away hungry, that's for sure! A must eat while in Vegas!
5	Great food..great service....great decor....very pleased with the sage fried chicken and bacon waffles..the best..
5	Doogie Howser signed his photo here "Snicker's Bar panckaes, Yum!", so that's what I ordered. Boy, they were good. HUGE, fluffy buttermilk pancakes that covered the entire oversized plate, with melty chunks of Snicker's candy bar generously laced throughout. I never imagined that a Snicker's bar would taste delicious with maple syrup on it, but, it does! My other half had the obsecenely enormous I Don't Know What It Was plate that he saw Adam Richmond eat on Man V Food. It was piled to the ceiling with a conglomeration of sage chicken, biscuits and gravy, eggs, potatoes, bacon and god knows what else. I never saw anything like it. He loved it. Usually he can and does eat everything on his plate, but nothing doing this time. Even he could not take it down. He was bested by several other big, arm tatted dudes straight from the set of Pawn Stars who I witnessed level the thing in under 30 minutes. It was brunch and entertainment. Loved the fun industrial strength decor with corn silo beverage tower. We are going back tomorrow.
1	Management very unaccommodating to customer requests. Couldn't get a pancake a la carte without paying the full price of the menu item? Will not be returning to this establishment and will encourage others not to as well.
2	I wanted to love this place, but I can't. It's just too much of a grease overload without any balance. The portions are the only thing good about this place. Everything else was just too much. I tried the salmon benedict, chicken and waffles, and the chicken benedict, After a couple of bites out of all...you just want to stop.I was longing for something EXTRA SPICY after all that and we even togo'ed the rest of the food and never touched it again. Pretty sad that such a great place was not worth it in my eyes.
2	Great food, but terrible service! Called them to alert them that we would be arriving with a large group of 10 of us at 10 am on a Friday morning. Were told that they only take reservations with 24 hours notice. Got there around 9:45 and was told there would be a 40 min wait. No biggie, I thought. I noticed as we were standing outside, patiently waiting our 40 minutes, there was a large, empty table that was set for 12 out on the patio. I went in and asked the hostess if we could sit at this table outside and was told that there were 2 other large groups ahead of us. Again, not a big deal. At the 30 min mark, we were surprised when we were told our table was ready!  YEA! 10 minutes early.  My excitement faded when we were lead straight to the empty table outside we had been staring at for the past 30 minutes!  ARGH!  How frustrating!!  This was our second visit this year to this place and a similar situation happened on our first visit..they had half the place empty but a long wait time?  I don't think they know how to manage their staff very well.  We waited for about 10 min before our waiter (who turned out to be the bartender from inside) came to get out order. He said he was there to take our drink order and I told him we were all ready to order food as well.  I was told "lets get the drinks out of the way and I will be back for the food orders after"  We all ordered our drink and I was impressed he didn't write a THING down! Needless to say, our drink order was screwed up. When he came back to take our food order, he wrote it all down this time, but was almost rude as he did so. After about 15 minutes our food arrived. One, plate,  and one person,at, a, time. First the bacon, then the eggs..etc.  it was painful to experience.  We of course waited until the last person was served to start eating and by then the first couple of people's food was cold. No one came to check on us during our breakfast and we had to hunt down our waiter to get the check which took another 10 minutes. Again, the food is awesome and the portions are ridiculously huge but the service is worse than anything.  PS: The "sound system" on the outdoor patio sounds like it was coming from a cell phone. TERRIBLE quality.
5	It's is worth the wait. It's always a long wait because people will wait for good food and good service. If you are trying to shed a few pounds, stay clear from this awesomeness of food place.
5	First off just the food was amazing my family came up to visit me for easter weekend. Chicken and waffles OMFG. I could suggest more syrup if the portion's that mondo then just a ramekin size of  syrup will not do it justest. The chicken part extremely moist not dry breading very light and falls off and the waffles had a nice texture maybe a suggestion of powdered sugar on top to make cool looking. group had also fried green tomatoes witch was so dam good that had a chicken something mix on it. The mix was really good however my concern if your vegetarian well obiv not eating at this place that they should mention chicken part on menu maybe they did however I might of missed it but was really great. The staff seemed to like there job our server was great even the busser's who brought out food where friendly. The server continually asked us if we needed re fills on drinks and seemed not to mind when we asked for coffee, she said let me check and I guessed made a new one with out seeming bothered or traumatized for making us some. The music volume is kinda loud even for my taste, however service and food made up for it. Professional staff that makes eating out fun..   Group of 4 guest $95 bill but large portions.
4	About a thirty minute wait but mostly due to it being a Sunday morning I bet. I'm not sure why they don't hand out the "your table is ready" electronic notifier disc things...because of that you end up standing around outside the door so you don't miss the verbal call of your name. In the heat and limited waiting seating, that can be a bit of a drag. Once inside you'll find the meals are massive. I had the meatloaf hash, it was really good and filling. Service a bit slow, had to wait a while for coffee refills. A definite stop though!
5	This place is delicious !  Great family place and not too expensive. The plates are huge also so you definitely get what you pay for. Service was good! although it was a bit packed and had to wait 15 min to be seated but it was well worth the wait!
4	Great food if you have an enormous appetite!
4	Well if you starving this is the place to....the portions are huge! I had the mushroom swiss burger and couldnt finish. All the burgers have 1lb of meat. The taste and presentation of the burgers were good, not the best in the world like what was shown on Man Vs Food, but good. I came a second time to try the Sage Chicken and Waffles. Again huge portions, and very tatsy.
5	Here from Madison, WI and will be talking about this place for a long time. Portions are huge and delicious. Excellent quality. Food presentation is wonderful. Food was served quickly. Our waitress was so sweet.
4	Well, what can I say that hasn't been said in over 2000 reviews? Maybe I'll just echo what's been already said. The food is awesome, portions huge, and atmosphere pretty good.I guess I'll keep it short and sweet.
5	SO Heavenly! Loved our waiter. Loved the food. The experience was amazing. We are coming back EVERY time we come to Vegas!!!
4	Outstanding food. Service could use some work. Had a wobbly table. I wish they had a bigger lunch menu.
5	This is my favorite place for brunch!!! I've taken several of my friends here and they love it too!! My favorite dish is the Chorizo Hash!! I can't describe how amazing it is!! The cocktails are delish too!! My favorite is the Orange Crush!! Boy oh Boy is it good!! I can't get enough of this place!!
5	best food and biggest portions in las vegas
4	When I am not dieting or when we have out-of-town visitors, we always bring them to Hash House a Go Go.  This place is the perfect place to go to for brunch or lunch.  Its always busy but I never had to wait for more than 20 minutes.Basically, everything is good and there's  A LOT of food!  My favorites are:- Chicken and waffles (good white meat)- French Toast- Sounds ridiculous, but the coffee is solid here.
4	Average taste, huge portions
5	At the suggestion of some local friends we went to breakfast at Hash House A Go Go and it was as advertised.  Very large portions of very good food.  The bacon was thick, eggs cooked perfectly to order and my French Toast was to die for.  I highly recommend this place.  The only rub is that it is busy so be prepared to wait.
3	I don't remember what I have had here besides the chicken and waffle. I remember big portions and the food was ok, I would come back but not crazy delicious flavors. Super big portions though their hot chocolates were really tasty though. I want to check out the one in Rio.
2	Came in from California for the week and was interested in trying something new. I had the corned beef hash but was disappointed in there take on one of my favorite morning meals. The born beef was shredded and just mixed in with large chunks on potatoes and shredded cheese Very disappointing. The biscuit and grave was un impressive the biscuits were good but the gravy was poor. The coffee was good but all in all I will not be returning the Hash a go go. The name it self should have been a clue.
5	Great breakfast A+ service
3	Hash House is great. They serve large servings of farm inspired meals. We like taking out of town guests here b/c they always get a kick out of the industrial atmosphere and interesting menu choices. We used to eat here more before we evolved our diets to be more plant-based. There are only a few vegetarian options here and no vegan options (last we were there, which was probably over 2 years now). But... we would still recommend it. We've always been happy w/ the food. The service is just ok. We prefer more guinuine personalities and one waiter in particular seems like he's putting on a play. But sometimes you put up w/ that for some good food... sometimes you don't. Depends on the day.
5	I'm disappointed by a lot of breakfast joints, but this one was AMAZING.  If I could I would eat here everyday.  I ordered the Sage Chicken and Waffles, the portion was literally bigger than my head and was the best tasting chicken and waffles I've ever eaten.  Also, the waffles were stuffed with full sized strips of bacon.Disclaimer : Everything brought to the table was dressed with a sprig of sage, so maybe sage is just their thing, but it's delicious.
2	Way more Hype than quality and taste.
4	It's good and not very expensive but be prepared to wait and over eat. Do not eat the jelly, not good.
5	Great food! Love this place.
2	The food was good but the service at the front of the restaurant was terrible. I walked in with my friend and at least three people saw me and didn't greet us or get us seated. The girls just kept talking to each other and walking away from us. After 5-10 minutes of being ignored, a man asked if we've been helped noticing that I looked annoyed and I said no so he finally seated us. Mind you we were the only ones waiting to be seated and they weren't busy. After that the dining experience was fine and he waiter was nice,but I wouldn't go back. I can't stand when the service sucks! Especially when the girls were too busy talking and being rude. Do your job!
4	Great experience!  Food is exceptional, plentiful, and reasonable.  WARNING!!  Unless you are absolutely starving, share a meal.  We shared Chicken and Waffles and still couldn't finish it all.  The place is clean, the servers compentent, and the food is first class.  My only recommendation would be for the young lady who answered the phone when we called about a reservation... lighten up.  You were curt and cold.  We almost decided against going there because of you.
5	Great I'm not a carb guy too many hash browns otherwise luv everything about this place MUST Stop in if going to vegas
5	The biggest, best breakfast ever!
4	This place has great food. I took my two girls for breakfast on Mother's Day. We got there right when they opened, so we didn't have to wait long...but it was quite busy by the time we left. I ordered the chicken and asparagus hash. It was well seasoned and the potatoes and asparagus were perfectly tender. It comes with two eggs, made to order, a large biscuit and some fresh fruit. My oldest daughter ordered the grilled cheese, and my younger wanted the bacon waffles. Both were pleased, and I was happy that their prices were reasonable. No more than $5 for a kids meal (which were also generously portioned). A few things threw me off a little. First, I ordered my kids a bowl of fresh berries and whipped cream (it was an extra $1 to have the cream whipped...). There were two strawberries but mostly melon and orange slices. If I had known it was fruit and not berries, I probably wouldn't have ordered since I know my kids don't like cantaloupe. Also, I saw a bunch of fun looking drinks getting served to all of the tables around us. No one ever offered us a drink menu and I had no idea that they had so many fun drink options. It would have been nice to enjoy the juice I ended up ordering BEFORE my meal. I also wouldn't have wasted money on an iced tea (which wasn't great. I'm a bit of a tea snob though). So if you're not offered a drink menu, be sure to ask for one. The fresh kiwi watermelon lemonade was delicious! It came served with a big slice of watermelon on the glass. With the exception of my server, who wasn't rude but wasn't excited to be working, everyone was warm and pleasant. My girls had a good time tasting all of the fun food, and we will be back.
3	Pros: Awesome presentations, large portions and a unique concept.Cons: Service is usually sluggish and the presentation outperforms the taste of the dishes.
5	AMAZING place to try!! Large portions and reasonable prices!!! AND DELICIOUS!! I love myself some delicious brunch food and this place definitely serves it up!! Has delicious fatty brunch which is just what you need after a night of drinking!!
4	Been here multiple times, and they never fail to wow. Gorgeous cocktails, huge portions, tasty food, great service, and fun atmosphere. A bit of a drive off strip, but totally worth it. Try a BLT Bloody Mary!
4	Interesting menu items, well prepared
4	Great place to bring out of town guests. There is a lot to choose from and the portions are enormous. You may want to share with someone. Our waiter wasn't the most helpful...he told us the scramble we wanted was more of an omelet but didn't offer any recommendations. Our friends got pancakes with some sides and the hubs got some chicken dish. Everyone liked what they got. Would definitely go back.
4	Always liked this place in San Diego, good to see in LV.  The view is stunning (huge windows show-off the desert) and service is very friendly.  The food is the same so expect huge portions!   Try to save room for the Bread Pudding!
5	Best breakfast place in Las Vegas.  The coffee gets this place the 5th star.  The food (especially the scrambles) are fantastic and priced very reasonably.  Best of all is the outstanding service, every server I have ever met here is knowledgable and customer focused.
2	I am surprised by all the accolades and 5 star ratings that this restaurant is getting. The Sushi chef is apparently from the strip from a top sushi restaurant (Social House?)... sounds impressive... yet I was not impressed. I was told that this can give Nobu a run for its money.... Fact: this restaurant's food does not come anywhere close to the quality and excellence of Nobu. The food was okay... the sushi was good, the sashimi was just ok and in fact, the yellowtail sashimi was very disappointing. I did not eat much as I did not find it all that appetizing, and I love sushi and sashimi. The ambiance is plain and boring, which would likely have been overlooked if the food was really good. It was not bad, yet it was not great. I will not be going back. There are WAY better sushi restaurants off the strip in Vegas.
5	Hash house is always amazing... Try the Chicken and Waffles of the Meatloaf sandwich...
4	Brunch win! Others seem to know this too so expect a wait (ours was over an hour but it was Mother's Day).The food is very good and the offerings have some creativity which is awesome. Everyone mentions the portion sizes but not everything comes out as a serving for 3. But some things do...holy cow! That's cool though....split it or take if home for leftovers. Just please don't be the person that destroys a plate that will feed a small family (i.e. Chicken and Waffles). I witnessed this and it was gross. I'd recommend the Sage Fried Chicken - it comes with a biscuit, some eggs, and a bunch of bacon mashed potatoes, which were rather unremarkable actually. But remember...doggy bags, people!
2	Overrated. My boyfriend and I were so excited to go here because of the great reviews they had. Sorry to say that I do not feel like the reviews lived up to my expectations.The line was extremely long and we waited a good 20 minutes for a table. Not a problem at all. We weren't in any rush. We were seated and the waiter came about 5 minutes after which was also fine. It gave us time to look over the menu which I wasn't impressed with. The menu was large, didn't offer anything to me that appealed to me. I ordered a vegetarian option since everything had with meat included pork which I do not eat. I must say, it would be nice to have turkey sausage or turkey bacon on the menu for those of us who doesn't eat pork. However, having a vegetarian breakfast wasn't a problem. I order an egg scrambled with veggies and cheese added. It came with fresh fruit, potatoes and a humongous biscuit. This biscuit was bigger than my palm! Sadly, that was the highlight of the meal. The potatoes had no flavor and were kinda cold. You can tell that they were cooked in large quantity earlier in the day and served out of pot. The fruit was sweet so I didn't have any issue. My eggs and veggies again lacked flavor. I had to add a nice amount of salt and pepper to give it some kinda "umph". The food was just OK. I was very disappointed with the food considering all of the hype including chefs like Rachel Ray. I have experienced MUCH better brunch/breakfast food.
4	This place is good but the portions are way too big it just turns me off I like my breakfast simple and delicious not over the top.  Good food just way too big portions
4	This place was amazing.  Came to the Rio for the weekend and arrived early enough for breakfast.  Was directed to the Hash House a Go Go and thought, crap here is a glitzy place with a a name for enticing people...i was gladly disappointed.  Got the cravy and bisquits with scrambled egges.  The price was about 15 which is decent for breakfast in vegas.  The only negative about the meal is that i was not abl eto take it to go being that i had not yet checked in.the only down side is the service was very suspect.  but you are so involved in eat this huge plates of food, that you just seem to nto realize you are out of coffee until...
5	A Must place to eat if you are in Vegas. Great staff; very friendly, very good customer service. The food comes out fast and tastes great! Huge portions for a good price- would recommend it to anyone.
2	Went here with my friends and I do think that the place was overrated. The food does look good but the taste is a different story. Everything here was massive so I got a tad bit intimidated with the food. I decided to order the Crispy Cornmeal Salmon Sandwich (the healthiest food I can find in the menu) and was quite disappointed with it. The texture was weird. I felt like I was eating tiny rocks with my fish. It was just bad. I also tried my friend's meal which was the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower (most popular one!) and nothing too special about it. Overall, I wasn't satisfied with the meal. I think they should make the food a little bit smaller. It was just too excessive IMO...
5	amazingly delicious! awesome every time!
4	We had brunch here a couple weeks ago and let me tell you this place was AMAZING! I had the sage chicken and waffles. The plate was huge. It also came with fried leeks which I had never tasted before but became an instant fan. The dish was a nice twist on a southern classic. My husband had the blackberry pancakes with a side of biscuits and gravy (we are serious about our biscuits and gravy). Everything was delicious. The service was quick and very friendly. I recommend this place to everyone because of their diverse menu and wonderful service.
2	We had high expectations when we got there as we had never been before. We were seated within a few minutes with no wait. The service was fine and real complaints there. I ordered a mashed potato burger with bacon and my wife had the vegetable soup. Her soup was served in a very small bowl that looked about the size of a small measuring cup. It was packed with mushrooms and no visable other vegetables. She didn't enjoy it and didn't finish it. I had the double meat mashed potato burger with bacon. The bun was huge and looked great but was too hard to even bite into. I had to take the meat off the bun and use a fork. The meat and potatoes worked week and tasted good but all in all I was let down because when you want a burger u want the whole thing and not without the bun. It was over priced and over hyped.
4	So I checked this place out last weekend.  It was mad packed with a waitlist and all.  The atmosphere was very boisterous with a full bar , people gathered both inside and outside the door waiting to be seated, as waiters/waitresses zipped through serving patrons.My wait wasn't that long considering how busy the restaurant was.  I was seated in the bar area at one of the "high-tops".  It was fine because I had a great view of the bar, the patio and the front door area.  There wasn't really anything special to see but I still enjoy people watching.Ok, so I had to order the chicken and waffles everyone raves about.  Must I say, it truly did deliver.  I have to admit that I was a bit awe-struck on just how I was going to attack the towering monstrosity that lay before me.  Needless to say, I had to request a to-go after on eating about 1/3 of my breakfast.  Specifics:  The crunch on the chicken was to die for.  The waffles were very good and I think they would be good with or without being laced with strips of bacon.  The dish comes with a drizzle of syrup which was not enough for me so I requested a side of syrup.Service was quick and efficient.  Like when asked for a clean fork instead of the one with left over stuck on food that was waiting at the table for me as I sat down.    My order came out way too fast which is always  an eyebrow lifter.  I mean just long was my food sitting under a warming light before it was plated?Overall, I enjoyed the restaurant and the food (good atmosphere, good food).  I would like to visit again when it is not so busy.
5	Nom. Nom. Nom.  Great service, awesome food.
5	The plates are huge and their food is delicious!! its a casual place, would go back soon.
5	Hash House is amazing! Great food and always great service. I've been here with groups ranging from just my husband and myself to 20 people and never had a bad experience.
4	I enjoy this place, the food is always good. Very crowded on a weekend so get there early. The portions are huge, only drawback, but you can share.
3	I've gone to two locations. The food is good with nice size portions for the price. Always busy so it's a little noisy and a lot going on. The only thing that is horrible is the wait time. If you're really really hungry you might want to rethink it because you'll be waiting at least 20 mins.
5	This is one of those restaurants that is truly an original. Their dishes are unique, delicious and visually awesome. Breakfast, lunch or dinner, there are many options that make this establishment worth a special trip. Come hungry! Portions are generous.
3	Just because a portion is large, doesn't mean it's exceptionally good. The food was alright, but this seems to be more of a novelty place. It can get pretty packed with people who saw it on TV, so a wait is something to consider. It's fun to check out once, but I would rather have a normal portion of a really good dish, than a giant portion of something that's more around a B- or B.
4	This place is insane! Gut buster status. Great comfort food that is over the top. Not diet food. Bbblt has like 9 pieces of bacon. Bacon bloody marys. Bacon waffles. My goodness. Huge portions.
5	Biggest portions of mouth watering food that is not only flavorful but filling also.Mimosa's and Bloody Mary's are to die for.
5	This is one of th ebest places in town, big meals! Food is really good. Thank goodness they have a location San Diego!
5	AHHHHHHMAZING!!! the portions are HUGE & prices a bit steep, but the food is delicious!!!  We shared the tower o' chicken and waffles, the crab cakes and a pot roast hash.  Everything was to die for.  We also had a round of mimosas that were put in a to go cup so we could enjoy them on the walk back to our hotel - gotta love Vegas! Definitely make this a must stop on your next trip, you won't be disappointed!
5	Everything is huge here! the plates and food is overloaded and I really like it. It's like back home food with a kick and turned up a couple notches. I got the chicken and waffles which was delicious.
2	My wife and I ate there on 5/28/14 at 745 pm .I had a stuffed blue cheese burger ,I have owned a meat packing for 35 years.in my opinion it was the worst hamburger I have in a very long time .we use to eat there every other week never again. My wife had chicken benedict the chicken was like jerky .Sad to see it go down hill.
5	This place is awesome. Probably the best prices in Las Vegas for what you get. Everything is monstrous, share! We shared two things, the bread pudding and a salmon hashbrown, bad combo on our part.
4	Breakfast was great, service was fast and friendly, only problem I had is there really wasn't a health option but I can't wait to go back on my next cheat day!
5	been to 2 of 3 vegas locations. totally delicious. the eggs are so fresh. i never thought i'd be able to tell the difference between grocery store fresh and farm fresh but there's a HUGE difference. good size portions.
4	I heard a lot about this place and unfortunately, I didn't try this place out until a lot later on. As long as you end up doing it, it's never too late in my eyes.There are a few locations around Vegas, and even one that recently opened up in the Rio if that's closer to you. I heard a lot about this place and their portion sizes, that's what everyone always raves about, and that got me interested. When I got there with my family, I could just see the large plates they served their food on. Their food was looking really intimidating before I actually sat down with my food, but I quickly learned it wasn't so bad.The menu isn't too complicated at all, they have a decent selection of food that can fit the taste of many different people. If you aren't a big eater, I would recommend sharing with someone else, but if you have a big appetite, you should be ok with finishing one dish by yourself.
5	Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict? Mouthgasm. No need to explain. I live in So Cal... Take me back please :(
2	I have been to hash house many years ago. I was pleased to see they are growing but not always a good thing. I recently paid them a visit on June 1 at the location on Sahara Las Vegas.I was seated outside with my wife , as it was very busy and we took first available seat. Wait staff outside was a little overworked. My wife ordered an omelet and it came ten minutes before my food. No butter or anything for biscuit and by the time my food came hers was cold. My main huge complaint is I ordered the chicken and waffles beautiful presentation nothing more cold everything chicken cold waffle soggy just bad in every way did look awesome but horrible to eat! Very disappointed as we drove from the Red Rock Resort and could have picked anyplace.
3	Had breakfast.  If you are looking for huge plates of food with an enormous amount of calories, then you will love it.  Unfortunately I'm just not into it.  The food is kinda just slopped onto the plate with long spears.  And I get it, it's the quintessential Las Vegas thingy these days, more is better, and if that's your thing, then you will love it.
5	I used to go to the one at the M resort and really enjoyed everything about it...the food, the view at sunset, the portions!! I will miss it being so convenient but its worth the trip to go to the other one.
4	Looked extensively for a local breakfast place and decided on Hash House A Go Go based on the fact that they had biscuits and gravy. Of course had to order it - very tasty!Nice peppery gravy atop a split biscuit that was decent atop grilled mashed potatoes which I didn't even try because there was way too much food. Could barely make a dent - I would suggest you go in groups of twos and split one dish!My friend had the bacon waffles which she said were okay. Not enough bacon - just two slices over four waffles - she said she had better elsewhere. I didn't even try them. I was too busy digging out the few pieces of sausage in the gravy! I don't even think I got through a third of it.Why so many stars? Because of how nice our waitress was - everyone working had really good senses of humour - and the sheer fun of watching the huge portions that went by!
3	I honestly think this place is truly overrated. I've eaten her a few times and it's always packed.you have to wait and I just think they don't put love in the food anymore. One thing I hate about these types of restaurants is that they get so much hype and once it goes big they forget about what kept bringing you back in.they start slacking on the quality and just becomes mediocre. Maybe I'll come in when it's not busy hoping for better food
4	The food is delicious and the portions are extremely large. I ordered the grill cheese sandwich, my friend ordered the meat loaf, and other friend ordered the sage fried chicken which was on man verses food. They barely made a dent in their plates. This place is good. I recommend sharing plates or you can use leftovers for lunch or dinner.
3	I'm not a fan of giant portions and I generally try to stay healthy. That being said, I'm addicted to Yelp and try places against those ideals when I feel it's worth it. Visiting here wasn't my pick. But it wasn't nearly as bad as reviews here led me to expect.20 minute wait for lunch on a Saturday around 11AM, pretty standard.We were seated at a cocktail table in the bar area and I really liked our server- Kelli?, lady with spiky hair and friendly, casual demeanor like a female Guy Fieri.BF ordered the sage fried chicken and waffles, and highly suggested that I order the Kokomo meatloaf sandwich- so I did, with the house salad for the side instead of fries.  Portions for both are enormous and we could have easily shared just one dish, but wanted to try more than one dish. And now my guy has dinner to take with him to work tonight, so it all works out. $30 and change before tip.Fried chicken and waffles- chicken is actually pretty moist and flavorful, waffles weren't bad but also weren't my thing. Accents of fried leeks and some roasted peppers made this better than I expected. Didn't go overboard with the maple syrup.Meatloaf sandwich is hefty- ate about a third of it and had my fill of the flavors. Liked the tomato sauce, felt the mozzarella taste was masked by stronger flavors but the texture broke up the meat and bread a bit. Heavy and rich, even if you're hungry, split it.Ultimately, my careful picking at each dish and my hungry guy eating what he wanted (damn his metabolism!) only made half of each meal disappear. While many reviews here indicate that the kitchen is more focused on quantity than quality, the flavors weren't bad but given the gigantic portions, easily get redundant. Best to come with a group and share a few dishes.
1	I've eaten here several times and the food is fine. But the last time we went to the one on the strip the waitress copied my credit card and sold the number to someone on the internet. Needless to say we won't be going back.
4	Definitely an experience coming to hash hash a go go for the first time !! Our server Stephanie was very nice and attentive... The honey butter biscuits are off the chain !! I ordered the chicken and waffles and they were on point. !! So crisp and as you probably already know there was half a chicken on the plate pretty much !! I'm a Vegas local now so I'll definitely be back to try something new !
5	Pace yourself. All portions are enormous! So delicious and fresh you really feel bad leaving anything on the plate...but, it sooooo much food. You can seriously order one and share with friends.
1	Food here is just a novelty. It has no taste. I had the sage chicken, eeehhh, not much flavor. Uncle had chicken pot pie, no flavor either, plus the crust looked like a flying saucer on the side of the plate. If your going to get anything order breakfast. They can't ruin that right?
4	Excellent......Too much food for the average man...!
3	Huge portions and great food, but the only downside is they charge a fee to share.  Or at least last time I went they did.  Kind of a bummer.  How can you put 4000 calories on a plate and expect people not to share?
5	My family and I ate dinner here for the 1st time today after our daughter's high school graduation and it was awesome.  We arrived there close to 5pm and the place was not crowded at all.  No waiting, we were seated immediately and the wait for the food wasnt bad at all.  Our server was Kara and she was awesome.  We told her this was our 1st time there and she told us about the menu ans details about the sides and also gave us suggestions on what we should try and she was very attentive..we didn't have to ask for anything.  To begin, we ordered an appetizer...the fried green tomatoes and OMG...they were so delicious.  We also got a bowl of the biscuits and they are to die for...YUM.  My husband had the chicken & waffles, my daughter and I had the chicken pot pie, my son had the 1lb burger with bacon and my youngest daughter had the portabello mushroom burger. Everyone said their meal was delicious.   Be prepared for HUGE portions.  The 5 of us each had a leftover box to bring home...we will eat that tomorrow...lol.  We really liked this place and we will definitely go back.   Especially for those fried green tomatoes.
3	I've eaten at this location and a couple of others around Vegas.  Last week stopped by for breakfast, had the Chorizo hash, was a little surprised that the food came out before the drinks, and I had to ask for some butter for the biscuit that came with the meal, but the food was very good, hot, and very good flavorIn general, good food, and good service, I'ld say it has been 2 out of 10 times a fault in the service - worst case they forgot to have a runner bring out the food, it sat and was cold when it came out (they cooked new food, had it out quick and took some of the items off the bill)For the food side, one friend who got the burger with bacon and mashed potatoes on the burger was a very strange combo.  I had a Thanksgiving turkey meatloaf that missed the mark for me (way too sweet).  Over all, it has been a good experience, and it's a place that I try to get to when I get to Vegas.  Just be careful on the weekends, it can get rather busy
2	Alright, let me be honest about Hash House A Go Go... its pretty meh.  The food was fairly bland with the exception of the blueberry jam (which was perfect), the biscuit was too dense, the eggs were scrambled up with both bacon and cheese and still managed to lack flavor, they used avocados that were very far off from ripe....  The seasoned potatoes were fine I guess, but nothing special.  The portions, yes, they were ridiculous.  So huge I'm fairly certain three people would have been full from a single meal...  Some find this a good thing.  I could care less and would have been MUCH happier with a much smaller portion that used better ingredients to make tastier food.Also, our server could best be described as terse.  I'm sorry that 45 seconds after sitting down I am still reading the menu, but when I order water (instead of the $14 "BLT Bloody Mary") you do not get to roll your eyes at me.  I probably would have ordered the $12 bacon-free bloody mary a few minutes later if you'd managed to not look annoyed the first go-around.  Overall, Hash House A Go Go is not my kind of place, and failed me impress me in the slightest.
4	I voted 4 stars because i came in just for a latte. If i was voting for food, 5 stars. If i was voting for service i vote 5 stars for the manager chris, but 3 1/2 stars for the bartender who made the lattes.  We ordered carmel lattes, being that we are spoiled san francisco latte drinkers we are desperately looking some place who makes good lattes. (Las vegas is over satuated with starbucks and once you have REAL coffee SB doesnt cut it any more...dont get me wrong SB has its place aka fraps). Well the lattes here to be warn makes you feel that you didnt get your cups worth. Its $7.50 for a carmel latte, and trust me if it was awesome I would gladly pay AND come back often, but the espresso beans here is not yummy.  The cup is filled to about a bit less than 3/4 which instantly makes you feel cheated. Not sure if its their practice, but just a warning of feelings.  And the Plus the amount of carmel and milk this bartender combined did not make it a creamy just well not sure how to describe.  However after mentioning this to the manager chris, we were immeadiately taken care of. We were not made to feel guilty one bit . In fact his customer service was perfect  ! He's a real asset to the company! Now I havent tried the bartenders alcohol drinks, but shes definately not a latte maker. Her personality made you feel if you questioned her about her drink making skills she would instantly tell you to f$@& off hahaha! So overall come for the food, skip the lattes.
4	This place is delicious and you definitely get an abundance of food. I recommend sharing or being prepared to take food home because they literally bring out plates that are towering with food. It gets really busy on the weekend so be sure to get there early or be prepared to wait.
5	It's not often i award five yelp stars to anything; however, this restaurant is a rare find by any standards.  The owner/designer/chef were geniuses at creating an experience for the senses.  There is a Mid-West/Italian fusion thing going on in the menu which works on different levels. A rosemary springs impales a stack of potatoes and egg gallettes, chicken in olive oil is incorporated into a hash...well you get the idea.  Another interesting element is that each dish is conceived architecturally, a feature that would normally be reserved for  a top Michelin-rated Parisian restaurant.  Food items such as toasted raw pasta straws, herbs in their natural states, etc., give delight to the eye, if not to the palate.  Form then moves on to function as the familiar flavors are juxtaposed in unusual combinations which subvert our expectations in a way that would make Andrew Zimmer wax all the more eloquently about the dish being"over the top"!  Lest you think you will push yourself from the table still unsatisfied, let me assure you that each dish would easily feed two or three light eaters. The wait staff were equally well trained and friendly (a Midwest trait to be sure!) which only added to this delightful experience.
2	Expect a long wait during breakfast/brunch hours with poor service. The food was fantastic, but we waited 30 minutes to be seated and then another 20 to get our food after it was ordered. They brought out of meals for the three of us piece by piece, where more than one our plates were cold. Even still, the food was good.
4	This food is so good.  Huge portions. We go here with a large group of friends at least once a year.. The  chicken and waffles are so good!   The chicken is cooked with sage.. I just found out I am allergic to sage, but i will risk it for one bite of this yummyness.!Go here if you like to eat large portions.  If you want to split a meal, go for it. If you just wanna be amazed at how much one person can eat, GO HERE!
5	Wow!! First off I have read great things about this place and bad so was a little worried but.....it was absolutely awesome. First of all the combination of flavors put into the dish is crazy, different, and scary at the same time but definitely good!! I had the champagne super nova which is an alcoholic beverage and you could keep the glass it came in for 12.95. It was so good! I ordered the kids bacon waffle for only 5.95 and I the portion fed 2 kids. I had the chicken fried Benedict... Huge portion so filling, different,and amazing. They call it twisted farm food which fits perfectly! Service was great and prices I thought were crazy good for the amount of food! Went back for a second time ordered the chicken and waffles and that was awesome too. I think they also have one of the best and strongest mimosas ever!!
3	Mediocre quality of food in huge All-American portions. Kind of disgusting. Lots of people love it though... This place is always packed with dudes chowin down on breakfast food.  God bless the USA!
4	We ate here passing through Vegas because we have family who live there and can't stop talking about this place. We ended up going back when we came back through town! We did this because Hash House A Go Go is wow. Yes the portions are enormous but the food is also really good. I think it does what it is trying to do extremely well. Next time we are in Vegas we will go back. The atmosphere is fun and they have a great kids menu. We love this place!
4	Customer Service=AwesomeAmbiance=Relaxing Food=GoodFood=Big portions which i love cause Im  a big girl... Only could finish half.  Tried the Man vs. Food fav. Chicken Sage benedict.  Cisual appealing with a lot of things going on in the plate.  Tasted better than average but wasn't all that if you know what I mean.  Loved the earthy taste with sage and all this other things that I don't usually eat haha. Customer Service=ACA-Awesome! That's why i pushed the stars to 4... When we first stepped in, they were so friendly and not giving us attitude cause we came in 30 min before closing. Weu weren't rushed or anything like that.  I love the customer service!Ambiance is spacious and relaxing.  Upscale farm scenery.  Was a little dark so couldn't really see the decor.  Will come back for more!
3	It's ok.  I think they survive more on presentation, big portions, and name recognition than actual taste of food.  There are a bunch of better breakfast/brunch options in Vegas in my experience.
4	Good food and good service.
2	(Breakfast) No turkey products :( Not everyone eats pork.
4	Good food and huge portions I would give 5 stars if they didn't put bacon in everything (goy vay!) I always get the apple pancakes and they are so good!
5	Man....I love this place! Large portions and the prices are cheap! I got thr chicken and waffles! Biggest chicken n waffles ever! It was awesome! I tried finishing it, I was close though haha. The fried leaks were awesome and the bacon infused waffles....what the Fuuuuuuuuu no way I died....lol it was bomb
5	UNBELIEVABLE PORTIONS!  If you want more bang for your buck, this is the place to go.  The quality and freshness of the food is second to none.  And normally I can get two or three, sometimes four meals from one entree there.  If you are hungry, this is the place to go!  The Service is good too.  However, be prepared to wait, especially at peak eating times.  They have other locations in town that aren't as busy, but this one definitely has the best food and service.
1	I have a love hate relationship with this place. While I generally love their food, this is the second time I've gotten sick from it. My second to last day in Vegas I ended up laying in bed all day with a stomachache that resulted in vomiting and a lost day of vacation. I I think next year we might just have to skip this place.The food always tastes great, but someone in our group has gotten sick every year from eating here. The wait times are horrible, and our waiter was kind of meh. After we placed our order it took about 30+ min to get the food. The food doesn't taste good enough to justify the risk of food poisoning and the long waits. We will more than likely not be coming back, which makes me sad because there is so much potential.
4	A plate for one looks like it's actually made for two. If you like to bring home leftovers it's definitely possible to do so here. I tried the chorizo hash with the grapefruit mimosa. My mom tried the steak,egg, and potato that they had as a special on Valentine's Day. She tried the tangerine mimosa. Both mimosa's seemed to be lacking something. It was almost as if they were watered down or weakened in some fashion (in the flavor department). The food, on the other hand, was fantastic. Chorizo can be really oily and rich, but the chorizo hash was well balanced in flavor and not greasy at all. My mom's steak was tender and the eggs were fluffy and cooked just right.Parking downtown has never really been a breeze, but if you use the valet parking on the side of the Plaza building, you should be fine.
5	I was insanely drunk at 9am when I came here. My group was loud and obnoxious, but the staff remained professional and kind.
4	I tend to go to Hash House as my go-to "Oh god we're starving we just off the plane ehhh I don't know what I want, what do you want, I don't know, what do you want" Frustration Ender when I've got Friends and Family visiting, and at that it excels.They have beer if it's ridiculous family, and coffee if the hours are atrocious, and the menu's huge enough to please any crowd I've thrown at it. I've been about 7 times or so now, to both this location, as well as the one at the Plaza. Pros:- You will never leave hungry. The portions are gargantuan. My father is very much the target demographic, a big, burly former farmer who likes his steak and potatoes measured in pounds, please. He's the only person I've ever seen casually finish a meal at HH. Just back from a early morning hike at Red Rocks and ready to eat a bear? Eat here.- The food's delicious. I've had the Chicken and Waffles a few times, the Chicken Pot Pie, some pancakes, and a few of the skillets, and have had nothing to complain about on any of them. The Chicken and Waffles are my favorite, because ooooohhh the skin on that chicken. Yum.- Mellow atmosphere, warm, friendly staff, and even when the place is super busy you never feel prodded or hurried to clear a table for the next person. You feel welcomed. I reaaaallly like that in a place like this, where you might be eating brunch for an hour. - Great hours for a family that insists on getting up at the crack of freakin' dawn, and even when they are busy, they have a dedicated place for you to wait, not just a curb or a crowded entryway. - Price is darn good for the food quality and quantity. A bottomless cup of coffee is about the same price here and at Egg Works; which means I'm not getting a fun surprise on my bill. That Chicken and Waffles is usually Lunch, Dinner, and lunch the next day for me. As long as you have a fridge at hand for your leftovers, Hash House is a great deal. Cons:- You will never leave hungry. Holy balls there's a lot of food. If your mom raised you to clean your plate, or you are from Europe and have never heard of the Doggy Bag this place will give you pangs. - You can definitely eat yourself sick. Be aware of your tummyfeelings.- Both locations are Popular, and they can get busy. And I mean really busy. Saturday morning around brunch time? Call ahead for wait times, and be ready for a wait around an hour if you get unlucky. This is not the place to come for fast food, or a quick nip in and out. Settle in, bring a newspaper for the wait, and enjoy that bottomless cup of coffee. If you come here with expectations for other than a leisurely meal, you made a mistake.- I can't imagine this place would be good for very large groups. Anything more than maybe 6-8 people, and I feel like you'd be waiting a while for food to come out and be fresh and hot, but I've honestly never tried it.
1	I'm a bit of a foodie but I have to say that this place is pretty whack. Way too much hype, way to pricey, and portions way to much. I couldn't even tone down the portions. Food looks good coming out, but there's no flavor. I love eggs Benedict & I thought this twist wouldwould be cool but biscuits and mashpotatoes? I couldn't get a poached egg upon request. No flavor from the entire meal. This is not my first time going there. I've tried @least4 times. Customer service is horrible. Don't waste your time and money
3	Big portions.  Big portions.  Big portions.  They wait time for the lunch hour was about 30 minutes.  We had a group of 8.  The waiter was good and attentive.  Gave us refills when we needed without asking.  Came by and checked on us multiple times.  The food does take longer to cook but the waiter let us know before hand that it would take longer and kept coming by to check on us before we got our food.  The service was 4 stars.The food was 3 stars.  Our group order multiple items on the menu from the meatloaf, scramble, to the sage chicken.  I had the scramble and it was good but just above average scramble.  Nothing to rave about.  But my brother had the sage chicken and he could not finish the plate.  He said it was only ok.  My brother-in-law had the meatloaf and complain it was too dry.  So maybe avoid the meatloaf dishes.
5	The best food with the largest portions & great prices...
5	I have been to this place several times, but had just forgotten to write a review, until now.This place fits me like a glove.It's the only non-all-you-can-eat restaurant that satisfies my appetite.The food is also very appealing to the eye.I had their roast chicken, and it had these very thin, crunchy garnishes on top of it. Even after I ate them I had no idea what they were so I asked the waiter.Turns out that they were deep-fried linguini strands. I never would have guessed that.I smile when I picture the look on first-timers' faces when they get their meals served to them on these humongous plates. I can only assume that they are happily surprised.I don't think I've ever seen meals that large on one plate.No one who has joined me for breakfast, lunch or dinner, has been able to finish their meal (and once I'm done with my plate, I cannot eat the remainder of any other plate).I've had most of their menu, but I'm most impressed with their chicken pot pie.The pastry easily reaches 6 inches above the plate.They're breakfast skillets are great, I've tasted their desserts and they're simply decadent. The service is good.We've never had to wait to be seated, but they have a bar/waiting room which looks very bright and comfortable.The pictures that I've seen, show the pretty plating, but you really have to go there to fully appreciate the portion size.
5	Love Hash House! Soo much great food and drinks!
4	Pros: Massive portions. Tastes delicious. Cool atmosphere.Cons: Expensive. Pretty boring menu.I always thought that Hash House was good, but just lacking creativity. Ohhhh massive pancakes; how original! There's nothing special about Hash House, but they are consistent and the food tastes fine.
4	If you are going to Hash House A Go Go, I would definitely recommend going to this location. The overall decor & dining experience is much nicer. As for the food, better come hungry because the portion sizes are huge! Everyone raves about the sage chicken & waffles, as they should because it is phenomenal. I usually get the waffles with glazed bananas & pecans on top and it is one of the most delicious breakfast meals I've had to date. Also, their drinks are just as tasty. I'm a big fan of Bloody Mary's and the BLT Bloody Mary doesn't disappoint. Hot chocolate is great too! Overall, I would say if you are looking for a hearty, delicious breakfast Hash House is a great place to go.
5	Located in the Quad, it's a very good chicken and waffle experience.  It might have made my list of "must-go" places when in Vegas.We split the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower between two people based on the server's advice.  Service was excellent by the way.  The portion was definitely enough for us and should be enough for two people with regular appetites.The bacon-stuffed waffle to me wasn't that special, but the syrup was very good.  If you have a craving for fried chicken and waffles, this is a great spot.  Prices are what you'd expect in a Vegas restaurant and splitting an entree brings it down.  Definitely worth checking out.
3	It's fine.  Not sure it is as good as it used to be.  It's getting a little run down, but I wonder if that is because they have opened up a bunch of different locations and maybe this one isn't going to be around much longer.  The chicken was pretty decent but the waffles were a little soft.  Overall this place is fine, but it's just not on my regular rotation list.
5	Great atmosphere. The servers were excellent very attentative to our needs. The menu was absolutely amazing there's so many different food and drink fusions which was exceptional. Once the food arrived I was amazed at the large portions of food given. The good was both healthy and hearty.
3	I think many people get the large portions mixed up with the  over all flavor. The food here is ok but not fantastic. They also give you way too much, so you tend to over eat. Chicken and waffles: The breading was good on the chicken but the chicken was dry. Waffles were ok but I have had much better. Meat loaf hash was ok but fairly dull. The sausage gravy was really good.
1	my family and i got to this place and i would've rather gone somewhere else but we wanted to try it we sat down and got our drinks we didnt order anything special me and my sister split a meatball pasta because the prices here are expensive after more than half an hour the waiter comes and tells us our food will be out soon we wait about 10 more minutes and finally our food came people who came after us already had their food the pasta was really spicy i did not like it and neither did my sister or father so we decided to get ice cream at thrifys the only reason im rating it one star is because the staff was nice it was also really cold in there i just feel like it wasnt worth the hour long wait
4	Definitely a fan of Hash House! I had been going to the location in San Diego for years now and I was very happy to see that they have made their way to Vegas. It is pretty pricey here but you get your money's worth. It's A LOT of food! Perfect sharing portions. Its very welcoming to everyone. You'll see all types of people from families to hungover twenty something's(especially in Vegas)!Happy eatings!
4	Excellent food and service every time. All the hype is well-deserved and the serving are HUGE. The only reason for 4 stars and not 5 is the usual wait on the weekends.
5	All I have to say is wow!! Hash House a Go Go went way beyond my expectations. The serving portions are huge. The food is excellent and the service was great. We got there about noon and it was packed but still only waited 5 minutes for a table. We both ordered the caramel mocha latte which was to die for although I only drank half of it because it comes with 2 extra toast shots of espresso. I ordered the chicken sage waffles and my girlfriend ordered the banana cinnamon french toast. They were both absolutely to die for. This is a must for any local or tourist. They have a wide variety of things on the menu and they're not overly expensive. I would definitely give it an 8 out of 10.
5	Food was delicious. I had the sage fried chicken and waffles and only finished a quarter of my meal, took the rest home and had it for dinner- which fed two of us. Bloody Mary's were delicious too. I don't remember or care what my friend ordered, but he ate more than half and took the rest home too. Wait was about 15 minutes for lunch on a Friday and the staff was really cool. Next time I'm in town, I will be back.
4	Great Burgers I had the Potato burger excellent choice! Good service in every aspect.
3	We rolled the dice in Vegas (hubby wanted this place, I wanted blueberry hill)...and I feel like maybe we should have went with blueberry hill. The atmosphere is so neat- I love the whole farm to table thing and it has this whole hee haw meets hipster vibe which I dig. Our waitress didn't have a name tag on. She was attentive, my one complaint being the level of food education she has had. Example: I asked that the eggs be dairy free. She says, "the eggs have no dairy added but since they are eggs they are dairy. Is that OK? They are dairy". I think if you make a big deal about your food your wait staff should know a thing or two, amiright?Food came out and we were shocked. Chicken and waffles were HUGE. Pancakes, HUGE. Scramble, pretty big. Lots of food! Hubby ordered the spinach cheese and ham scramble. It came with a biscuit and honey dew, and he opted for the fried potatoes. I got the sage chicken and waffles. Littles got chocolate chip pancakes.The tiny one got the eggs I mentioned above.Hubby: " the blandest most boring meal I've had in a while. I could have made it at home. The potatoes were just plain. It reminded me of hospital food" (side note: he is really easy to please breakfast wise)Me: taste. Salt. Taste. Salt again. I dug in. Was it different? Yes. Good? Yes.  At 16.99, though, I would have preferred less food more flavor. It was so bland. I gave hubby a bite. He was like. Wow that's really bland. So it wasnt just me lol. Kids loved their pancakes. Given. Their favorite pancakes are from IHOP. But no complaints. They were huge! We could have had them split. The tiny one's eggs were cooked perfectly. No dairy except well.... According to the waitress they are dairy. Hmm..All in all, this place could have been 5 stars. I just can't because the food was really really bland. I probably would give it another try though, could be just a cook issue.
5	Great food, definitely lives up to it's reputation
4	giant portions and good brunch items.
5	a must for breakfast.expect to wait at least 1/2 houryou will not belive the portions
3	This place was highly recommended by a friend so we decided to check it out.  We chose this location versus the ones closer to where we were staying on the Strip in hopes of it being less crowded.  It was packed when we got there and were told that it would be a 15-20 minute wait, but luckily got seated within 5 minutes.  Customer service was great and the food came pretty quickly.  The portions are large enough to share between 2 people.  Unfortunately, the food wasn't as great as we thought it would be.  I ordered The Kokomo, which was a meatloaf sandwich and it turned out to be pretty dry.  I will probably consider eating here again and maybe trying something different.
4	Good food and large portions. We went to Hash House a Go Go based almost entirely on its Yelp reputation. We both tried a variety of Hash and were both satisfied. I'd go back if I ever visit Vegas again, but we might share a meal since we didn't really have a way to store our leftovers.
5	Awesome food!!  Great service!   Be prepared very large portions.  Fun place to chat with others, inquire  what they are having.   I will return to try the dinner menu
3	Food was decent. The portions are pretty large. I was not impressed since my order was wrong, my husband finished his good and that was exactly when mine came back. I wish the service would of been better!
5	Great food!! Great service!!! We needed a quick meal and the server made it happen. When we needed our check manager come by to help out since server was at another table (instead of the usual "I will send you server over shortly") then the server promptly followed up!! Will come back again!!
4	Hash House is delicious. The servings are gargantuan! Service is good, waiters are friendly. I've been there a handful of times and food quality is always between 4-5 stars but isn't so perfect all the time. A lot of there menu items dont really stick out to me, so it's one of the reasons why i'm giving it a 4.I'm also marking it down because the portions are just way too big for me and the rest of my family. I'm not a big fan of over-kill and this is a place that does it. I always look forward to going back.
3	Give it a 3 out of 5. My drink was left empty for my whole meal. food was good. I would go back
5	As my friend pre-warned me, the best bang-for-your-buck food situation that I've experienced in a long time.I was warned that the portions were HUGE, and this was accurate. We sat in the bar area which had a tv and was separated from some larger groups in the main dining room.  As you can see if you check the menu, they have a wide variety of breakfast/brunch/lunch/dinner options. As it was just barely noon, I was expecting to go for a burger or something, but I was swayed by the lure of some legitimate corned beef hash.  The "Hash" options seem to be one of their signature items, as per their name. I went with the Corned Beef which had, obviously, some deliciously prepared corned beef (like, not chopped up pre-packaged frozen stuff - it was as if it had been slow-prepared that day), swiss cheese, red onions (but not too much). The kicker is that it was served over a large amount of delicious oven-fried potato chunks rather than standard hash browns, all in a large square skillet (see picture).  Oh, and it also came with 2 eggs any style, a buttermilk biscuit, and a couple fruit garnishes.  That all was around $13 I think, which might seem like a lot but as I said, it was outrageously proportioned. I didn't even touch the biscuit or the fruit, and it was still very filling.  The taste was great, and I'd recommend it to anyone.
4	Next time I'm here, hopefully soon, this will be my first go-to place to go for late night food.  Would rather prefer coming here than Cafe Lux.  It's more hip, casual, better lighting instead of the dim.extra star for all the trimmings on walls, things to see too.  Was here just for a snack, ordered the rosemary chicken wings, and they weren't kidding, a tall herb perched among the nice display of wings---the best I've even seen lol.  Good-size wings.Great, friendly service.
1	The best thing over here is the coke. All the dishes taste bland. I will never come again. This is the worth restaurant in town.
4	Ok so when I come to HHAGG it's always packed with a wait. That's a good sign right? One time we waited a good 45 minutes but it was Mother's Day after all. Was the wait worth it...yes. I'm pretty much a traditional boring person when it comes to food. I like the simpler flavor versus the crazy unique flavors. Whenever I am here I order the corned beef hash which is definitely one if my favorites. Tender corned beef with skillet potatoes and Swiss cheese on top. I'm a cheesy girl and that cheese as weird as it may sound actually pairs well with it. I actually have ordered something off the special menu as well.  The crab cake Benedict on Mother's Day was pretty dang tasty. There was real crab and the crab vs. batter/filling ratio was about 2:1. It came with spinach and a spicy sauce (spicy to me) which was delicious. I've ordered drinks from HHAGG before and although good it's just too much. Their famous hot chocolate is huge! It's awesome but when I eat salty foods I like to drink the plain old H20. Overall I do like this place for brunch/breakfast but service can be a bit on the slow side when they have a full house.
5	Best meal on this trip to Vegas!  Went here for birthday breakfast and had a blackberry granola pancake bigger than my head!  Tasty and tender.  Also enjoyed their fresh-made strawberry lemonade mimosa....delicious!  Great service, great food!
5	Great service, amazing atmosphere,  good music. The portions that this restaurant gives is insanely worth the price! You will not go wrong by coming here with an empty stomach. The food quality matches the great portions and service. Definitely recommend this place to anyone and everybody, you will not be disappointed. For the amount of food you get the price is perfect, each meal is big enough for 2! Serving breakfast & brunch, all day, can't go wrong. I will be back!
5	This place is crazy busy something to remember when u go. U r gonna have to wait. But wait bc the food is soooo good it's worth the wait. All the staff is there to wait on u and get u anything they can possibly get u. They r all the best staff. Please tip well.... It is worth it.
4	Chicken was bomb.The serving was a lot, so come prepared to eat. The atmosphere was pretty dope too. They got celebrity pictures and signatures on the wall. Pretty dope.
5	Love this place, super good food excet make sure you are hungry when you go. I take all my guests here.
4	Solid food with HUGE portions. Can't wait to go back!
5	only been to the one at the M hotel, but it is top notch, great food great service
5	It's kinda pricey but the food are huge. I ordered their French Toast -dipped in banana cinnamon cream w/ pecan maple syrup. So yummy!!! It was huge and it taste soooo good! I definitelty recommend this place to everyone.
5	My family and I were visiting from out of town and this place was a MUST GO on my 11 year olds to do list in Vegas.  We went to the Hash House Thursday night for the first time ever and they were already closed however, the waitress asked her Manager Lupe if they would accept us and Lupe gladly took us. We ended up leaving because some of our other friends wanted to join us but figured it would be too much to ask to accommodate a group of 13 after business hours so we decided to leave after all.  On Saturday we decided to revisit for brunch.  We had a group of 6 and waited for approximately 20 minutes for a table.  We received our order within 15-20 minutes after ordering and the place was pretty packed.  After receiving our order the Manager, Lupe approached our table and asked if we were the same group that came late Thursday evening and left, I was very surprised she remembered us.  She thanked us for coming back and glad we decided to revisit.  She brought over a huge plate of the famous waffles with bacon inside on the house.  Very nice gesture.  Everything we ordered was amazingly DELICIOUS!!!! Since being back home in San Francisco, that's all my husband brags about.  The portions are HUGE!  My family and I can't wait to revisit Vegas so that we can stop by and see Lupe and team.  I can't remember our waitress's name but he was vey knowledgeable and awesome!!! Thanks Hash House for the great experience!!! Lupe you ROCK!!!!
5	(Man vs. Food) Andy's Sage Fried Chicken did not disappoint. Definitely a meal for 2. The whole meal was $15
2	Referred to Hash House by locals just after we moved to Las Vegas. I remember large servings of just average breakfast food in a noisy industrial setting. We later discovered the many Cracked Eggs around town, and prefer them when we want to eat breakfast out.
5	This is one of my favorite places to take friends from out of town- I have friends who saw this on Man vs. Food and were dying to try it.  They absolutely loved it, and of course none of us could finish our meals.  I love the chicken and waffles, which is big enough for two people to split and have some left over to take home. My second favorite dish is the grilled cheese with avocado, each slice of bread is close to 2 inches thick, and that's amazing in my book.The second best thing is the drink menu, which has all sorts of amazing drinks that are basically desserts in their own right- hot chocolate, flavored coffee and cappucinos, etc.  I don't drink alcohol, so it's always nice to see a drink menu with special items that I can actually enjoy.
4	Glad we tried this place. I ordered the "Andy's sage fried chicken" I shared it with my friend. We didn't even finish it! We wanted to try it because it was the man vs. food favorite. It definitely didn't disappoint!! I loved the spicy sauce on top! And the spinach and tomato was a great balance with all the loaded carbs!!! Also, the Bloody Mary was great! Definitely a great place for breakfast, or brunch! They serve the breakfast all day too!!! Yummy!
5	Absolutely delicious! Our waiter Robert was great as well. The Andy's sage fried chicken is by far the best thing on the menu; it's a big sized portion so make sure you're hungry!
5	Usually when I expect something to be amazing it sucks. This place was actually as good as I thought it would be. I ordered the famous chicken and waffles :) good stuff...between my sis and I we barely finished it. The place is good.. def worth a try and I def would go again when I'm in Vegas.
4	Love this place!  Awesome service and always great portions. Great for any size group, but the wait can get pretty long.
4	(April 2014)I SO intended to take a picture of my food but I just dove in too quickly... So, I had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and it was everything Adam (Man vs. Food) made it out to be. So good. So gluttonous. Amen.
4	Always good, as long as I leave the kids at home.  The Sahara location is still the best.
5	Their portion of their food is huge. Service is good! They offer biscuits b4 u eat ur ordered food
5	Sage chicken!!! Need I say more???? I'd rather head to the west side then eat on the strip, came on a busy Friday morning got seated in less then a min. Our server was so great and attentive!
5	Best breakfast place in Vegas. While everyone likes Eggs and I; these guys have killer hash browns!
1	This place is no good All it is Is over priced big portions of crap Nothing here is good and this is a review that i wrote on my 3rd visit
5	You won't find a better breakfast joint anywhere in Las Vegas. Period. Service Excellent. Food Incredible. Pricier than Denny's but wayyyyyy worth it. Go early...and go often
4	Did a brunch with my boyfriend there, we shared 2 popular items: Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  I had the Banana Latte to drink and he had the Caramel Mocha coffee.  Service was friendly and the waiter was personable.The food is great and the portions are plentiful; really pretty large, as seen in pictures.  I can't comment on lunch/dinner type foods since both entrees we ordered were breakfast items.  The sage fried chicken was good but dry in some parts.  The bacon waffles under the chicken had a hint of vanilla in them but were overall pretty bland actually.  With syrup and other food items on the plate, the dryness of the waffles is not unbearable.  The maple syrup is heated and served in a small steel cup.  Fried leeks top the chicken and waffles as well as some diced peppers for garnish and the signature stick of rosemary.The Sage Fried Chicken [eggs] benedict has an awesome chipotle sauce, not too spicy, just right.  The mashed potatoes were pretty good.  The egg is almost forgotten in this dish, but it is there, with a layer of cheese too.Our espresso drinks were excellent...I definitely recommend the Banana Latte.  If I went again I would order only one Sage Fried Chicken dish and try something new.
5	Amazing Brunch. Portions were so big we couldn't finish but left very satisfied. Very fun atmosphere too. Highly recommend.
2	This review is mostly for the poor customer service at this location. The front of the house almost seems proud that they don't give a crap. While we've gone here before and experienced broken drink glasses and extremely slow responses, tonight was the last straw. The hostess greeted us and we requested a booth. The restaurant was maybe 30% full, plenty of open booths, but she did not offer to seat us there. I assumed they didn't want to use certain sections. Keep in mind, the place was 70% empty. She didn't offer a drink of water or to look at a menu while we waited. No one working there did.  Other employees, another server and a bartender,  walked by where we were waiting. They actually seemed annoyed by our request.  It just seems like with all the competition for restaurants in Vegas,  somebody there would want to take our money. Or at least be happy someone walked in on a slow midweek evening.  This was the last thing we needed after the broken glass incident. We thought "Let's give them one more chance. " So while tonight wasn't the worst ever,  it pissed us off more because the attitudes were so bad.
3	Came here after a serious night at XS and I couldn't even chew my chicken and waffles, but I could still tell it was pretty damn good.
4	I've been here a couple of times. Both times I've gotten fast & friendly service, even though both times the place was packed. Because of the staff, this might be the "Go to" Breakfast joint? Giant menu. The portion were very large & everything on all our plates came to the table hot(nothing was cold due to organization or lazy wait staff), the Flap Jack were huge. The only real negative, I have with this restaurant, is that they don't pan or griddle fry the potatoes, they cheat & deep fry them.
2	Not a real fan of this place. I have been here three times and I think it is a trendy money pit that has bleh food.
3	Funny, I don't remember checking in here for quite some time yet Yelp asked if I have been here and to write a review.  Yes, I've been here twice.  Once for breakfast with BF... but I never eat breakfast.  I ordered the smores coffee... sugar, caffeine and huge... I didn't even finish it and was wired out of my mind!Ironically, the who schtick, at HH is the portion size and BF ordered something like bacon and eggs... looked like a IHOP plate.Second visit was ladies dinner group.  It was fun seeing the ridiculously sized portions arrive at the table and of course the selfies and mugging for the camera  with mountains of food.  I had fried green tomato sandwich with got cheese,  Blech.  Sounded good but execution failed.  I don't know about everyone else, but I thing fried green tomatoes should be soft inside and crunchy outside... these were just crunchy and under cooked and although I took most of it home, That being said, HH is really about the experience of the ridiculously huge portions (gotta feel sorry for the servers!) and it is usually fun.
5	Delicious food, with huge portions and nice atmosphere. Great place!
4	The food was really good and the portions very generous. The service was a little slow due to it being busy. It took a long time to get certain condiments that should have been readily available such as ketchup and butter.  The staff was friendly but they were a bit overwhelmed.
4	Good food great quantity and good service all in all really good place to go
3	Portions are huge! Get the chipotle chicken Benedict. You won't be disappointed!!!!
5	amazing food! really cool creations and combinations of food. the portions are HUGE! the staff is polite.  ... word to the wise, bring your appetite and a friend to share with
4	Very cool atmosphere and very polite staff, however I am not impressed with the food. We got The Basic- toast was very dry, eggs needed more flavor, coffee was WAY too strong. Perhaps I am too picky for my own good, however I feel that my $9 breakfast could've been more worth the money. On a positive note, the crispy potatoes are very good and the sausage is AMAZING! They also have a full bar- perfect for the end of a long night spent partying.
5	3 words: Nom Nom Nom!!!!Their breakfast is killer! My friend and I came back from Red Rock ready to eat a horse. Fortunately when we got there, they sat us quickly and our food came almost as soon as we ordered! I love this place. The food is stellar and the service is out of this world. Just talking about it makes me hungry.
2	I was really looking forward to trying this place after seeing it years ago on Man V Food. I hate to say it but I was disappointed. First off its super crowded every time you go there (been there twice) and they don't take reservations. One good thing is they do have a bloody mary bar so at least you can drink while you wait but being severely hungover and standing around for 15+ minutes is never ideal. The portions here are HUGE so make sure to share with a friend or two, even if you normally eat a lot. Me and two others shared the Man V Food Special Benedict, Andy's sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs. The presentation while huge was nice (and intimidating) but all in all the flavor just wasn't there. This is definitely a cool place to visit once in your life if just for the gigantic porportions and bloody mary bar but not top on my list taste wise.
2	Not a huge fan of this place. And Huge is what you get for portions. But each time that I gave this place a shot, no one in our party has been happy with the food. It really is flavorless. I have no plans to ever go back.
4	Good food, HUGE portions. Got a blueberry pancake plate and a waffle plate for 3 adults and one child. More than enough food. Good tasting food, very friendly and attentive service. Will give it another shot when I go to Vegas again.
5	Best breakfast place ever! It takes a while to be seated no matter what location you go to but that is because everyone wants to go there. It is so good!
5	GIANT PORTIONS!! The chicken and waffles are enough to feed a starving nation. And they are delicious. The sage tower which holds it together is so fragrant and gives a lovely taste to the friend chicken. Ask for extra maple syrup.
4	I could not believe that when you get a portion this huge that the quality could match. A truly awesome diner!!
5	Always love this place. Great food, awesome atmosphere! The wait can be long to call ahead of time, and you might want to consider sharing a dish with someone or just be prepared for left overs. . . .or accept that as a challenge! The Chicken and Waffles are pretty bomb.
5	AMAZING FOOD!  Huge portions & definitely one the best places in Vegas for some tasty & unique breakfast combinations, VERY reasonable pricing & food is just delicious for breakfast as wel!  DEF my new favorite breakfast spot in this ENTIRE area,  Thanks & hope to see more locations in the future.  Only downside I could mention is if your coming in during a busy part of the day, be prepared to wait a little, since they are slammed more often then not.  The FOOD IS WELL WORTH THE LITTLE LONGER WAIT then other breakfast spots.  The fantastic food makes up for it, if u come in during a busy time.  Appreciate it & hope to see more locations in Vegas, like the Henderson area which would be PACKED NONSTOP!! :)
4	This place is a nice restaurant to try. It's one of those restaurant that is meant to go try once, but not necessarily a place to come back to. The plates are huge! I definitely recommend people to share their dished with the table because the portions are overwhelmingly big. As for the dishes, they are extremely unique in ingredients and they have great culinary presentation......In otherwards, they are a little pricy, but you'll at least get your money worth with the big portion. I'd categorize this place as a casual upperscale diner. Make sure you're prepared for the long wait to be seated because this place is packed!!! But once you're seated, the waiters are quiet to get orders around.
5	Best breakfast ever :)
4	Service was prompt. Food was good and the price was fair. Go hungry the portions are enormous.
5	A friend brought us here for dinner, and it was AMAZING!  The portions are huge, so plan to share.  Have you seen the pancakes on Uncle Buck?  The pancakes here are about that big.  My husband got a hamburger that had garlic mashed potatoes on it.  It was incredible.  Our friend got the vegetable risotto.  It was beautifully arranged on the plate and garnished nicely.  Everything tasted really good and the restaurant has nice ambiance.  They try to do the whole farm to table thing, so the food is fresh and it was pretty to look at.Next time we go, I plan to get the pot pie.  Someone had it at the table next to us, and it was bigger than a pie.
4	Great food and WoW do they give you a lot.Thanks.
3	Keeping it simple: AMAZING!!!The chicken pot pie can feed a small village. I looked under the shell half way thru and found to potatoes. Sneaky bastards in the kitchen. Regardless, the food is great.The bad: their bathroom smells like sewage. Not the "someone prior took a monster dump", but literal sewage. Kind of made me loose my appetite.
5	Great service, great food!
2	I know people either love this place or hate it. I don't like it at all. Yes they have great portion sizes, but I was disappointed with my meal the two times I have been there. To each his own
5	Best chicken and waffles! Had great service for Candice the host. She rocks! Made the wait worth the wait! Great food Best service!
5	Decadent Vegas delicious!  Get the Hash or the Chicken and SPLIT IT! No need for separate meals here.  The Watermelon drink is tasty as well.
4	Really good chicken. I ate some of the chicken fried sage. The sauce was tasty with a spice my friends described as having a kick. The chicken was juicy and had crispiness. I liked it! Every dish here seems to be extra large. Share with a friend or 2.My friend got the s'more coffee drink which she said tasted good but she couldn't finish because it was so much. I wouldn't bother with other bfast foods you can get elsewhere. The bf wanted to go the healthier route and got waffles with eggs and sausage. It was ok. Get a dish with chicken. One last thing. The reason I deduct 1 star was that the server yesterday was so slow/inattentive and he only had our table and a small one to attend to. It took forever to get our check and pay.  Didn't fill our waters either. We noticed another server who was much more attentive. So don't let that server stop you from going. I think it is worth trying.
2	Great Salmon salad. The salmon was cooked to perfection. Servings are huge!  The kids enjoyed their Pancake and Mac n Cheese. Great atmosphere!Unfortunately, the service wasn't so amazing. Teresa, our server was pleasant. Once she brought us our food, the attention came to a halt. Luckily, we didn't require refills for our drinks. She dropped the check off early and tended to her other tables. We waited more than an extra 15 minutes until we finally waves her down to ask her for a TO-GO box. But once we stood up, the checkbook from our table was picked up quickly!
4	Portions are huge and delicious and always hits the spot!! No complaints!
4	I don't think you can go wrong with ANYTHING on the menu. everything looks absolutely delicious!!! I ended up getting the salmon eggs benedict and my fiance got the chicken and waffles. I LOOOOVED my dish. it was HUGE!!! I only ate half of it and had to bring the rest back. I would recommend coming here early, esepcially on weekends!!
4	Amazing food! Huge portions of food. Service was quick and efficient. We had the sage chicken.
4	Long wait, but great food.I can't hold a grudge on our wait time, since I was one in a group of ten. We waited about 45 minutes and I will just consider that fair for a place that packed. The food was simple, tastey, and so filling. Only one of our our ten finished a meal completely.Also, booze in the morning with no judgement... which is nice.
2	Possibly the worst service in all restaurants in all of Las Vegas.  I do not know why but all of the servers there seem to have an attitude.  They are slow, discourteous and almost purposefully bitchy (guys and girls alike).  I have been there three times and after the third visit, I was convinced that it was like a game that was played by the servers - as if that was their "thing" - to be rude, slow and discourteous.  All in all its a very unpleasant experience and a location I would say NEVER GO TO!  I think that they will have to close down this location at some point because the rude behavior of the servers will alienate 90% of return customers.  The only reason why I went back for a second and third dinner was because the last two times the restaurant was already selected by a group of friends - so I had to go.  AVOID AT ALL COSTS.  Make these people pay for their bad behavior and avoid this location.
1	Heard a lot about this place so I thought I'd try it for breakfast. S-l-o-w service and waited a long time for coffee. The $17 spinach,ham, cheese omelet was lukewarm when it arrived. Same with the first and refill coffee. Both were just warm. Wait staff has that deer in the headlights look. Certainly not going to get a repeat visit from me.
4	Great food, like the Snickers pancakes.
2	Food was decent.  Extra large portions in exchange for higher prices. If you want to lay on the couch for the rest of the day after stuffing your face then this is your spot. Service was lacking.
5	My breakfast skillet tasted amazing!! They have special jam for your biscuits and it's absolutely delicious!! The portion amount is overflowing so you will need to get a take-home box!! Prices are great for what you get!! My new favorite breakfast spot!!
2	Arrogant and condescending.  They will not make any substitutions because (direct quote) "This is an award winning menu. The kitchen will not allow substitutions because it would change the flavor profile."   They serve chicken and waffles.  And pancakes.  And hamburgers.  Seriously.   "Change the flavor profile" with _this_ menu.  What colossal ego got put in charge of this place...They have plain plastic bottles of ketchup on the table, but only have cucumber ranch dressing.  Drinks are good, and come in cool leaning glasses. But don't ask for blended ice; they only use the blender the kitchen.  Decor is stainless steel, bolts and suspension cables, but every dish has a sprig of rosemary.  Music is a strange blend of 80s pop, jazz and reggae.  Often distracting.  Very confused identity.The food tastes good, and might be worth the price if you like eating leftovers. (The portions _are_ huge.)  It is definitely not worth being insulted and told what you can and cannot order.Five stars for good flavor and big portions.  Negative three (and I'm being kind) for the attitude.
2	Gluttony. Huge portions but the taste is just underwhelming.
4	YUM sums it up! We got the chicken and waffles & Andy's sage fried chicken. Both meals were enormous and definitely could be shared. The food was delicious. I loved how well the rosemary was infused into the fried chicken. The only reason I gave it four stars was because of $$ and I also got a blood Mary which was good but lacked salt.
5	Came here on the hype.  Definitely a good choice for breakfast.  Portions were massive!!!! Went with the chicken and waffles. It was delicious. Fried chicken and bacon filled waffles with fried leek.  I also tried Andy's sage chicken eggs benedict. It had a nice flavor to it. Service was good too.  They were friendly and catering. I do recommend this spot.
5	we like the food at Hash House, very large portions. Wonderful salads, and my personal favorite are the crab cakes.
3	Decent food. Known for the portion side. Flavor was alright. With as many spots there are in Vegas, I doubt I'd come back again.
4	I always take visitors to this place for breakfast purely for the wow factor! The portions are gigantic! Always get the same two entrees. Chicken and waffles and the fried chicken Benedict. 4 people can get full off it. Delicious Everytime!
3	My husband and I came here to see what the hype is all about.
2	We picked this place because of all the good reviews.  Maybe the one on the strip is better but this place had a lot of issues.  They could not even cook an egg properly and we had to send that back.   It also took quite a long time to get our food even though we ordered simple things.  My wife ordered eggs and I got the bread pudding.  The table next to us ordered chicken and they got their food before us.  Not sure how you take more time cooking an egg and heating up bread pudding and then messing up both so badly.There are a lot better places for breakfast than this one.
5	The food was fantastic!
4	Hash House A Go Go is usually pretty good where ever you can find them.  In Vegas, they are a bit more pricey than in San Diego, but about the same quality.  In Vegas, they are bit more "Corporate" but it was a good experience all the way around.  We had to stand in line for awhile to get in, as it is very busy.   Yum.
5	I recently moved just down the street from what will certainly kill me, Hash House a Go Go. I say kill me because it is very likely I will eat here 2-3 times a day until I literally explode. It's really good. But if I could Tarantino this review and skip backwards in time...Chapter 1: The terrible AdviceWhen I first moved to Vegas in a discussion about food two people who's opinions I value warned me against going to Hash House. Its overrated they said, the food is really bad they said, chicken and waffles is gross they said. Like an IDIOT I listened to them and didnt go to Hash House until my 4th year living here.Chapter 2: The house that hash builtOnce I moved to Sahara I thought to myself, "Self, what if they are wrong? What if Hash House is as good as yelpers say? I mean, my friends are idiots, I don't know why I listen to them about anything...". So I decided to try it on a Saturday afternoon. When I walked in the place was packed and I was told at least a 20 minute wait. We were seated in about 5 minutes which is good because after a mere 5 minutes I was ready to murder several customers to eat the food I had seen recently delivered to them. Chapter 3: That's a big flapjackA lot of the reviews discuss portion size, and I'll admit the portions are bonkers- I am a warm blooded American who doesn't quit anything from war to to tee ball games where I'm down 20 runs, but even I had to tap out after eating only 5lbs of my 10lb flapjack. The side of potatoes went largely untouched. All in all I felt a great deal of post eating shame at how much food I had left over, maybe that's just cause I was raised Catholic.  I will say I found it a bit preposterous that when they delivered this 20 inch in diameter flapjack that they gave me approx 1/2 a tea spoon of butter and like 4 ml of syrup. After explaining to the waitress that I was a human man and would be requiring more they brought 2 more little cups... Come on Hash House get it together- the only people who eat pancakes without drowning them in syrup are masochists and the criminally insane. A pancake isn't even really a food- its just a utensil designed to ferry butter and syrup from the plate into my gullet. Chapter 4: The MenuThis was tough. There were at least 10 things i wanted to immediately order but having seen the size of the portions I knew getting 10 entrees would be a tad excessive. This will require future visits to try everything and answer some philosophical questions like what is the difference between a hash and a scramble? How much can I eat before I die like that guy in Seven? How drunk can I get at 10AM on a Tuesday?
3	The food is just okay, never horrible but never all that great. It is a fun place for a group but it is a tad gimmicky if you ask me.
5	the best in vegas...glad they opened one in Chicago also.  Just be hungry or expect that 2 people may have to eat one serving.
5	Um, yeah. This place is pretty amazing. Saw it on Man vs Food, like most people. It's actually different from the impression I got from TV. I thought it was going to be a Rock N Roll kind of atmosphere, but it was pretty quiet during my visit. The food was amazing and the portions are enormous! But, I'm sure you already know that. I could not finish my single flapjack filled with blueberries, it was so huge. I can't describe how crazy good this place is. Just check out all the pictures and get over there for one if the best meals you will ever have!
2	Food great, service good, two stars for the super loud music that they refused to turn down. Would have been nice to carry on a conversation with out having to yell. Just fyi management, makes it difficult to enjoy a meal when it's not conducive to visit. Which is one of the reasons we as humans go out for food, its a bonding experience,  but not here. More of an eat and get out. Even in the middle of the afternoon when there were maybe 15 diners total.
4	The portions are enormous! It was a bit of a wait before we could be seated, but it was worth the wait! The food was delicious and far beyond your normal restaurant selections. The staff was super friendly and knowledgeable.  It's a little pricey, but no more than a night at Outback Steakhouse.
3	I heard a lot about this breakfast place.  Fun atmosphere, but loud music.  Saturday was comic book character day so the wait staff was dressed as different comic book people.  Fun stuff.  Arriving at 10 am on Saturday was good -  not too long a line.  No reservations.  The presentation of the food was great.  They had very good coffee.  The portions were able to huge.  The biscuits and spinach omlette was good. But the potatoes were bland and lifeless.The sage chicken looked awesome but we didn't try any.  The skillet breakfast at Denny's is just as good or better.  Sorry!
4	Good food, and huge portions. My wife and I usually split a meal, and the kids (6 & 8) split and have extra. The price is fair, and we have yet to have bad service though when it gets busy, sometimes you have a little lag. Brunch is great. We live in South LV, so all are a drive, but we still go.
4	Excellent brakefast place. Make sure you get there early or have someone go and put their name down. It gets pretty crazy on weekends.
5	We had lunch here and everything was FABULOUS...I had the Pork Tenderloin Sandwich, the BEST I have ever had! The owner is from Indiana and truly knows how to fix Tenderloin. My wife had the BUDDY Burger Special that was GREAT. One of the BEST waitress we have ever had. Just an all round FABULOUS time.
5	So I am back to give a second chance and from start to finish you have over exceeded my expectations.  From our waiter Victor giving us great advice on our meal choices, to all the staff keeping our coffee full and warm, and the food being flavorful and exceptionally good. I am impressed!  My first experience here was just ok. Today was awesome. The chicken was so flavorful and moist and my bacon waffles were incredible. The sage chicken benedict was just as good. The Chipotle sauce with the benedict was a great touch.  I have no complaints other than my pants feel tight.
5	This review is for the location at Harrah's / The Quad and not the western or Plaza Hotel locations.First things first, this place is EPIC!  It was crazy before when it wasn't inside a casino, but now it is even more over the top.  If you are in town on a busy weekend, it can take quite a while to get in and seated.Once you are inside, the decor is awesome.  This location is all glass and steel mixed with warm inviting colors.  Order one of their signature drinks or a mimosa...  a bit pricey but hey, go for it..  This is Vegas, baby!  Staff is friendly and very attentive...On my most recent visit, my friend and I ordered the fried chicken Benedict and when they brought it out, we were in complete amazement.  I thought it must be a joke and we were on TV.  This thing is so big and so much food it should be on Epic Meal Time!  We were barely able to finish it with two people and didn't need any lunch that day either.The size of the dish didn't in any way take away from the quality and flavor or the food.  The sauce they use is so good I can't even describe it.  All the rumors you have heard about this place are true.  Come here and experience the crazy good, epically gigantic food!
4	Delicious food and huge portions.  Fun atmosphere.  I couldn't get my 4G to work in the restaurant to read the reviews darn it.  I would have tried the sage chicken everyone raves about.  I had the sweet potato fries and fried salmon sandwich.  My only complaint was the corn meal coating was a bit crunchy like I had rocks in my mouth.  Still tasty though.  My husband got a bacon cheeseburger.  It was wild.  It was two patties with mashed potatoes in the middle, smothered in bacon and cheese.  He said it was wonderful.  We will be back.
5	Hands down, it's a 5 star.  Didn't need to think about it.  It's always packed and there is a reason for that.  My husband and I go here for Breakfast only...never been for lunch or dinner so can't speak to anything but the breakfast...which is the BOMB! Portions are enormous.   I usually get the same thing every time 'cuz it's so darn good.  I get the omelet or I think they refer to it as a "scramble"  but it has eggs, feta cheese and sun-dried tomatoes.  Never had a breakfast that was better than this place.   I am always surprised when I am looking around and I see people ordering cocktails at 10 am but it definitely is happening at the Hash House.   One weird thing is I don't think they bring butter with those huge fluffy biscuits.   No big deal for me as I usually save the biscuit for last and then am too full to eat it.  It's kinda on the pricey side but it is so good that it's worth it.   If you get a chance to order the au-gratin potatoes instead of fries, DO IT.  Those creamy, rich au-gratin potatoes are out of this world delicious!
3	Hubby and I stopped here for brunch during our yearly (3rd) anniversary trip to Las Vegas. I had the 'infamous' Sage Chicken. It was OK. Portions are large. Full of flavor, almost overwhelming with flavor. Mimosas were good. Service was decent, upon arriving the wait was short but for some reason they seemed to have forgotten to seat us. Overall the experience was nice. Not certain we'll be back since we both agreed that the food was just OK.
4	Great Bloody Mary! The food was good...and oversized as usual. The service was good, but a little slow at times...
5	Amazing.......one of the best in Las Vegas.  Every time a friend or relative comes into town we go! (They have to see and taste the food for themselves.)
4	ABSURD portions! I've never seen so much food! (That's not a complaint, by the way; just an observation.) I liked the casual atmosphere and my BLT was delicious. Would return.
5	I don't want to tell you how good this place is for breakfast, or I will have to wait even longer next time I go! But I will....First brought here by my partner who loved the one in San Diego. It is one of our favorites breakfast places. Huge portions, really strong coffee, and always awesome service! I have heard the lunch is great too, but I have not tried it YET!There are several around the city. See if there is one near you. You won't be sorry! YUM!!
5	Love this place! The portions are huge so be sure to arrive with an appetite!!  The Snicker pancakes are my fav!!  The wait for a table during breakfast on the weekends is real long, bring a newspaper.
5	This place was the bomb, cane in about 2pm thinking i was going to see long lines and there was no wait. Got a pancake and a eggbacon scramble which was amazing, all around the food was amazing. A little pricey at 8 bucks for one pancake but still it was pretty big and the taste was really awesome. my wife had a ginormous chicken pot pie which we too home , see the pictures i took...everything came out to about 50 bucks for two people but again we took some home and it was really tasty.
5	I've been to two of the locations in Vegas and the location in Orlando near the outlet mall.  OUTSTANDING food; EXCELLENT service.
4	Great food and even better service. One drawback is the size of the portion. I haven't seen anyone consuming that much food. Even half of that is two hours on treadmill.Otherwise is great place for lunch and dinner
4	Solid for drunk munchies or really anytime.  Friendly staff in our two visits, drinks were average.  Chicken and waffles are highly recommended.  Benedict was forgettable.
4	The one we visited was inside the Plaze hotel and casino downtown... needed something we could both agree on that wasn't a buffet for a change.   I wasn't expecting to like it, but I really enjoyed it. The server was friendly and knowledgeable, helping my indecisive a** choose something I would like.  We got a few different things and shared - all were excellent. Massive portions yes, but we took to-go boxes and had food for the next couple of days! Not a downside in my opinion but I do live here - not practical to cart it around if you are vacationing, I'm sure. You could order one appetizer and one entree between two people and it would easily be enough.Got one of the signature drinks as I have an obsession with collecting souvenir glasses, and this one was awesome - cool, twisted design and good quality REAL glass. Husband LOVED the place... we will be going back soon.
2	I had read the great reviews on this breakfast place, so perhaps I had overly high expectations for this establishment before I stepped into it.The only thing I can say positively is that the descriptions of the large portions are accurate - they are generous. Everything else was mediocre. The coffee was so-so, not bad, just so-so. I tried the vaunted sage fried chicken with maple syrup reduction. I asked the waiter to serve the syrup separately and am I glad I did. The chicken itself was too crusted and greasy. Juicy enough, but otherwise flavorless. I tried a forkful of meat dipped into the syrup and it turned out cloyingly sweet. So I ate the rest of the meat with a little pepper and ketchup. I did have some leftovers for a small, late lunch while I traipsed around the rest of Vegas, so I guess that is a positive as well. So head there if you simply want to fill up your gut, but otherwise it's not really up to the hype.
2	Not worth the hype. The decor is my favorite part of the restaurant. Worth checking out if you're into trendy spots with okay food, I guess...
5	The chicken and waffles was everything I ever wanted, and more than I've ever deserved. Thank you Hash House.
1	I'd tell you how the food is but it's been hour and I still don't have a table. We were told 35 minutes. That don't happen. They don't seem to accommodate to the sizes of their the parties coming in.
1	Visited a while back to have the chicken and waffles Hash House is famous for with my friends and family. Service at table was fine, but service from kitchen slow for being lightly occupied that morning. It was edible, but most of the flavor came from the herb and syrup.    Now, I have heard the argument about how people with severe allergies should 'just eat at home', but, when a guest of your restaurant asks that you please keep pork out of her dish and indicate it isn't a problem - why did my friend find a stray piece of bacon on her plate? We kindly addressed it with the server, but refused replacement entree as kitchen was slow. Not a total disappointment to my friend because she took leftovers to her hubby. With that said, the win at Hash House - the portions.
5	My boyfriend literally wanted us to come every morning of our Vegas trip! lol, thats how great the food is!!  Im happy they have built more since my first time.  I would try to the one off of the strip for a shorter wait (still 30 minutes minimum).Food was fast and super yummy albeit quasi cold...that still did not affect my feelings for this place
3	Had breakfast here this morning  ... Food was really good we did light and healthy and my favorite the chicken Benedict. What I didn't like was that the fact that the  managers wife and children where in a booth next to our table. The toddler kept calling for his dad and dad would tell him to be quiet which he wasn't . Not appropriate even when you think it is !!!
1	Went there the other day was not real busy took me at least ten minutes to see a server then ten more to get my coffee maybe the server was having a bad day that does happen once in a while food was ok not great
5	I was fearful that this would be another overrated tourist trap, but I was blown away. Portions are huge- I'm a big guy and can only eat half of a plate when I visit.  I eyed the pancakes, chicken and waffles, and other dishes coming out... and there's no way I could finish any of them.Presentation of the food is what pushes it into the five star range. They do a great job.I've had two of the skillet plates and a pork tenderloin sandwich, and every time the food was delicious. The BLT Bloody Mary is a special treat.If you go at peak hours, you're probably going to have a long wait for a table. That's why I try to never go to any popular eatery during peak hours if I can help it.
3	After hearing so much about this place, we went to have breakfast there.It is way overrated!!! IHOP's pancakes are way better.
2	I really don't know what the fuss is all about this place?  Went for breakfast on 8-23-14 and their menu is a bit different.  Just some odd pairings.  Everything is pretty pricey.  I was looking all over for just your traditional bacon and eggs and hash browns and that was $13-14.  Finally found it and the hash browns are country potatoes that were hard and cold.  They make their own jam, sort of.  It was a gelled mess of a real strawberry.  I saw other people get waffles or pancakes that are huge but you only get one as a serving.  They get two stars instead of one because service was fairly good.  However, I would not return.  Too much money for nothing special.
4	Even tho I chipped a tooth on bacon... the food was so tasty...We went to the location at the M hotel....
5	Love this place. Clean friendly atmosphere. The food is great and huge servings so bring your appetite or better yet a frind to share it with.
5	Okay for all that are complaining about the long lines, rude people, crowded parking lots!! Get over it! The long lines are because you, me, and everyone else are coming to a great place. If the place sucks like I keep seeing people post here, then that would take care of the long line problem. Costco ROCKS!! When you get free samples of foods, all of the sudden people are like piranha LOL!! They get pushy and all sorts of greedy!! It's human nature and its kind of funny to watch! Get over it!! Then the crowded parking lots: refer to the long lines section! Costco ROCKS!! People wouldn't be crowding in there if it didn't! I have been shopping there for the last 25 years and will never stop!! And it def beats out Sams Club any day of the week for selections, return policies, and great employees! So quit whining and enjoy a great thing!! :)
5	Outrageous.  Over the top.  A must place to visit.  I had the pork tenderloin and had 3+ meals out of it.  Our party also had the Kokomo.  It's worth the drive just for the rolls.  We watched in amazement as dish after dish came out of the kitchen - each one met with Ooh's and Aahs as the wait staff delivered it.  Great service, amazing presentation.
4	So far, every item I've ever ordered from Hash House has been amazing.  Sometimes, their staff can take their sweet time but for the most part, are very courteous and offer decent suggestions.  Pricing is a bit expensive for the experience "from farm to table" so to speak, but the portions are huge and can easily be shared between two people.  If you haven't tried it yet, you should at least once, but I prefer going there for dinner versus breakfast due to large crowd/massive wait times in the a.m.
4	Great food, huge portions and decent prices for what you get. Don't get sticker shock at the prices. Most dishes are plenty enough for 2 people to share. Sad they shut down the location at M resort, but the one a Plaza is just as tasty.
5	This place has a unique taste on food, The portions are huge and the taste is down home comfort food. From the huge pancakes, to the twisted meatloaf, you will never be disappointed when dining here. The decor is nice, and on your way in or out you can see pictures of famous dinners. I had a burger that had avocado and bacon on it, it was huge and full of flavor you can tell their meat is never frozen. The servers were friendly and added to the experience. This place gets top ratings due to the friendly atmospher and quality of food.
4	I came to this place because of the great reviews. I went on a Saturday at around 11am and had to wait 45 minutes to an hour.   If you play the penny slots nearby the wait isn't so bad. Finally we were seated and ordered the chicken and waffles and Andy's Benedict. I really loved the chicken and waffles, the Benedict was good but not as great as I would've liked. My favorite was the biscuit and the mashed potatoes but I wasn't too crazy about the sauce that was all over it (a little spicy). Presentation and portions are definitely impressive. I was happy to take huge leftovers for later in the day. Overall I think I would come back if I come to vegas with friends that haven't been here before.  Decently priced for vegas as well.
1	bleh! this place is over rated! too big on size but lacking in taste. if u want BIG serving then its a good place to go, but im a person who go after the quality not quantity. :( sorry i
4	Food that's art! Delicious art!
5	The wait here is going to he long on the weekend but they are very straight forward about that, and very conscious about seething expectations.  The food here is excellent and the service is even better.  Our server, nate, was very knowledgable and friendly.  We will always go here when in Vegas.
5	Big Fan.This place has one of the best breakfast's ever. I love shnitzel, and they have a hammered pork benedict that is unreal!!The portions are huge. The ingredients are great, they love rosemary...The staff are always friendly.Usually it's very busy which is a healthy sign, but sometimes its too busy- can't blame them for that...
5	Love this place! Always fresh, hot food and fast, friendly service. You can't go wrong with most items on their menu. My favorites are the Tractor Combo and the Sage Chicken and Bacon-Infused Waffle. Yummy!
4	Good food and fast service. I enjoyed it.
5	All I can say is BREAKFAST IS DELICIOUS! Just be prepared to wait a while to be seated and for the food to come out.
3	The food itself was great. It was a late minute decision to come here due to the fact that my favorite restaurant was close on Sunday's. I ordered the chicken and waffles and ate 2/3 of it. The chicken was very moist to my surprise! And the waffles with bacon went well with the chicken. My friend ordered the Andy's sage fried chicken Benedict. She was nowhere close to finishing! Reasons for the two star deduction is basically customer service:A) When we entered the young female in the front took a long time to figure out that there were customers waiting on her. And when we asked for an outside seating she said it will take 10 minutes. But her co-worker behind her says a table was ready for us. She seemed confused as we followed the guy to our outdoor seating. So communication on their part needs to be fixed. B) Our food came out in an orderly time (around 10 minutes) which wasn't bad for the humongous portions we were given. HOWEVER, the servers were sloppy when they handed us our plates. The First Lady brought in my friends plate first and clumsily lays it in front of her. As the plate dropped and the server turned, an orange slice slipped off the plate and landed on my friends lap. I've never seen anyone so careless in putting a plate down a table. Another different lady came in with my plate minutes after that and the presentation was just not pretty. The fried sage was literally hanging off the plate when I saw it coming. That's my biggest pet peeve because either they don't care about the way it looks (I doubt it since all of their food looks spectacular) or they are just overall clumsy. C) Lastly, the lack of customer interaction was just not there. I guess that's it's perks of being outside? After I got my check it took them a good 10 minutes to finally come back and check up on us. Even though my first experience here was rocky, I know I'll be back soon to hopefully redeem this great restaurant. Till next time.
4	Went here for the elaborate chicken and waffles, and granted I had a hangover...I still finished it all since it was so delicious!
1	1) Don't go when they have been open for less than 2 hours- your food will take forever.2) Know that all of the various gravies are to cover dry food.3) Feel free to order whatever you want because it all tastes the same.4) While 90% of your food will be served 3 degrees above room temperature, the bad gluey potato waste they call mashed potatoes will be scalding hot on the inside. I seriously think they use a microwave.
4	Probably the first cool foodie friendly joint in Vegas before it was the buzz word heard round the world.  Hash House has a couple locations in town and all have delivered consistently fantastic food and service.  The portions are gigantic, easily big enough for 2 people so maybe share a plate because there's no way you're leaving hungry.
3	The sage chicken Benedict was the best dish.  The portions were way too big for me. Overall good but I've tasted better. It's a breakfast version of Claim Jumpers. I don't see how anyone can finish the dish. Wanted to try the  watermelon lemondade but it was $5.50. Way too expensive!!!
5	2 words.... FUC*!NG Amazing!!! we had the Sage chicken Benedict and it was definitely more than enough for me and my wife. I also ordered a side of biscuit and gravy which was unbelievable but unecessary since we were not even close to finishing it since we were stuffed lol. The wait is kinda long but definitely worth the wait.  Hit up the bar inside while you wait. They have great hangover fixes.
4	Great food. You must come here really hungry. Huge servings. Great atmosphere......
5	I can't say anything bad about this place. The service, food and ambience are awesome. Some how they manage to get out a fresh meat loaf in 5-10 mins. It's just the best!
5	Hash House a Go Go is by farmy favorite lunch spot of all times (minus the wait). My last review isn't up to my personal standard so I definitely wanted to update with a more helpful/useful review! On my most recent visit to Vegas to see my Vegas Favs, the four of us came on a Saturday and the wait was only about 25-35minutes. Not too bad at all!! We were helped by Nick!! He was awesome!! I could tell that he was very busy with many other tables but he was still positive, cheerful, upbeat and attentive to our table. We ordered 2 Andy Sage Fried Chicken ($13.50/each) a Tractor Driver Combo ($13.50) with scrambled eggs, bacon, crispy potatoes and ($1 upgrade for a Hash House famous flapjack) a Brown Sugar Banana Flapjack and another Tractor Driver Combo ($13.50) with scrambled eggs, sausage and ($1 upgrade for a Hash House famous flapjack) an Apple Cinnamon Flapjack. For drinks we ordered 3 Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade ($5.50 each) and a Banana Latte ($5.99).My Andy Sage Fried Chicken was AMAZING!!!!!! The portions here are huge and I was able to each this formultiple meals :D It is served with a layer of mashed potatoes on the bottom, then two biscuits, tomatoes, bacon, the huge fried chicken, 2 scrambled eggs on top. And all of that loveliness and covered in their tasty special sauce. I highly recommend this item!! I think Man vs Food even featured this item of one of their episodes!!! My friends really enjoyed their Tractor Driver Combos but it was too HUGE!! They were only able to stuff down half  of their order, but the flapjacks aren't ideal to togo. I would recommend sharing this item if you order it :) You can't come here without trying their award winning Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade!!!!!!! It is refreshing, well balanced AND pretty for the camera. I think you can pay more and get a souvenir cup from Hash House if you order this beverage :) Good service, reasonable prices, LARGE portions and DELICIOUS food!!!!!! What more can I ask for?!?! :D
1	The scramble portion is way too SMALL, don't order.  Sent it back and ordered the biscuits and gravy and the mash potatoes burnt my throat.  Felt like they were beyond hot.  The over easy eggs had water in them.  I think they must of put boiling water in the mash potatoes for them to burn my mouth and the boiling water went into my eggs.  I really wanted to like this place, a friend referred me, but I ended up eating NOTHING.  I was afraid to order anything else.Come to find out, they were violated by the health dept for food temp.  http://www.southernnevadahealthdistrict.org/restaurants/inspections.php
3	Was uber excited to go to Hash House after being told by others how great it was. Still wondering what the great is. Service was good. Prices affordable. Food was not what we expected based on all the other reviews. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't "awe inspiring" either.
1	I came in this morning for the first time and ordered the crabcake hash breakfast plate special. What I received was a lukewarm crab cake that had no flavor, on a bed of what seem like six potatoes chopped up and browned, and a couple of eggs. First of all my son could've made those eggs and potatoes. There was no seasoning on them and nothing to them at all. When I ate the crabcake and got to the middle and found it to be cold, I asked my waiter for help. He was good enough to bring me another plate and that's what I was shocked. There was such a difference between the first place I was served and the second that it really turned me off. The crabcake was hot and even though it tasted basically the same it was freshly cooked. I can't figure out for the life of me why they would serve me that first plate, but I guess since I was by myself and sitting in the bar it wasn't any big deal. I don't have any idea if the other plates of food are better than what I got but I can tell you that I won't be back after this morning's experience.
3	Honestly didn't understand what all the fuse was about. Big portions yes, food was okay. Service on the other hand wasn't great. From the hostess to the servers. Sat outside and was ignored most of the time. Had to walk inside to pay for our food.
5	5 stars every time. This is a favorite of our out of town relatives and I love taking people there. It's always busy, so don't go when you are at the point of hunger. The service is always good. The servers all seem to work together as a team and they seem to have a really well organized system. The food comes out fairly quickly once you order and people are always checking up on your drinks or whether or not you need something. I have been here more than a handful of times and even though it's not my thing to try different menu items at places I go to, I almost always do here because you almost can't go wrong. Our favorites areSage chicken and wafflesBacon waffle-personal favoriteSkillets and scrambles-you can't go wrong!And don't forget to get a bite of someone's biscuit and fresh jam if yours doesn't come with one! One thing to be said, while I see their pancakes are popular, I personally do not care for the very thick style pancakes. These pancakes are almost 3 times as thick as a regular pancake and about 4 times as large area wise. But again, that's more of a personal preference, not a negative review.
5	Seriously - how much better can it get than this for breakfast?  I guess if they served it to me at home in my pi's, that would be better, so aside from that actually happening, this is as good as it gets.  Every single thing my hubby and I ate was pure heaven!  We both ordered the specials - mine was a banana, brown sugar & pumpkin pancake.  Every bite was exquisite.  I was soooo happy while eating it!  My husband had something with scrambled eggs, mushrooms, tomato... whatever it was, it was delish and it came with a biscuit that was the best darn biscuit I've ever had.  When it appeared to our very attentive waitress that we weren't going to eat the biscuit, she brought over a peach preserve and butter.  Am I ever glad that she did!  I cannot wait to go back and try more of their menu!
5	Does it get much better or more filling when it comes to breakfast. After a few nights on the strip, this is how I choose to cap off my visit to vegas. The food is unbelievably good. The inventiveness of their dishes is not seen anywhere else I've been and they get it right every time. I recommend this place to anyone who asks where to go to eat in vegas. Love this place!!!!
4	The success of Hash House may be directly related to the frequency of hangovers in Vegas. Just the sight of their leaning towers of fried chicken and waffles could cure your hangover faster than IV hydration (which, freakishly enough, is a service you can find easily in Vegas). Opting for a fork & knife remedy over surgical needles, our experience at Hash House was thoroughly therapeutic, and still very Vegas-y. The ambiance is not much different than your local Denny's: big booths, neon colored cocktails in tumbler sized glasses, and smiley waitresses. They do have some outdoor seating and a fun 90s playlist in the background, but the real selling point is the MENU. It'll be hard to order anything but those famous sage-fried chicken & bacon-stuffed waffles everyone is Yelping about. But in case you're anti-poultry or gluten-free, you'll still find something to drool over on their gigantic menu. Homemade biscuits, big salads, scrambles, benedicts, crab cakes, griddled cheese, and meatloaf are all part of the uber-American offerings. Prices are also huge: $18 chicken & waffles, $15 cocktails, for example. But, be wise and share everything. These are party portions, and you've had enough of that. Shout out to our waitress who was SO cool, and happily split our check 4 ways without an inkling of annoyance. And hooray for fresh grapefruit & pineapple mimosas for $7... because quitting cold turkey isn't good for anyone.
4	Came here on a Sunday afternoon. The place was packed and had to wait 10mins for a table. The waitress seemed a bit stressed (due to possible understaffing) and barely got a moment of her time. I had ordered the blt bloody Mary, nothing too special and a bit spicy for my taste. The slice of bread that comes with it - awesome idea...if there were a few more slices of bacon to go with it! I had ordered the fried chicken Benedict, my friend ordered the salmon scramble(I think). She had feared, after ordering, that what she'd ordered wouldn't be what's expected. As soon as the food came(ca. 15mins later), it wasn't what she'd expected and sent it back. Around 5mins. Later, her replacement meal was served. The kitchen was definitely on top of their game that day! I enjoyed my benedict, buuuut there was just a little too much chipotle for my taste.
2	I thought I'd try this place again, but I can't give this place more than 2 1/2 stars. There is nothing special about the food here other than the huge portions. My food this time was cold and quality wasn't there. I like the service here, but when I go out to eat ,I go for the food, the service just adds to the whole experience of going out to eat.
5	They treated us amazing, although I wanted a drink and didn't have my ID with me only my DMV paper they were still trying to figure out how I could get my drink they were very sweet and made sure we were well taken care of!!
5	Hash a go go is making me slow slow...Give me some vanilla waffle and one of twenty coffee syrup flavors to choose and I may be able to get a little boost from that espressoBut wait, I ate too much of that delicious hash a go go...UH OH! I've heard and read amazing things;I woke up this morning with a stomach ready to be filled up...What I didn't know was I was going to have breakfast, lunch and dinner all in one sup!I devoured my plate, maple syrup and all.The problem now, is all I want to do is get home to my bed, fast asleep I will fall. My friends birthday celebration was what got us to go, No sing along birthday song, but that's okay, we were too far in a coma, to mention that they were wrong. Luckily the scene was interesting,The waitress was great and the place was really clean. There was no wait, parking was a breeze, We got into our table, in the booth, with nothing but ease.Not sure if it would be the same on a Sunday morning or full moon, More than likely getting a table would mean sitting in a state of doom.  Happy I got a little hash a go go, Even though I'm kinda a little slow slow...I'm sure once I get some rest,my words will have more flow flow...
1	Crap food and just for looks ..  they serve angel hair fried pasta on your plate I thought it was twigs from outside ... I ordered a hamburger and the waitress is supposed to say what would you like on it and that's it but .. She wanted to have a cry face and asked me you want cheese want this you want that and a big attitude like a dick in her ass. The hamburger had no flavor all the food had no flavor they don't know what salt black pepper and garlic powder is ? cuz they want to save f****** money the chicken fried Benedict that was on TV man vs food and it was so small it was enough to feed a little baby here's some advice if you guys serve bad tasting food at least learn your waitresses how to act nice and maybe people will have a good time  learn your waitress  not to order food for people just ask what the customer wants and shut your f****** mouth don't waste your money  they serve big  bread make the food look big but they don't put meat in the corn beef they don't put big meets
4	Excellent service, monster portions and tasty. I had the Chicken Benedict. Way too much for one person. I kind of deconstructed it as i ate. Cut everything in half before you start eating and drop in a take-a-way when you leave. you will have at a couple meals the next day. I like this location better than the strip (quad) location. a little more open inside.
5	Jessica was our server - AMAZING service,attentive, quick, friendly and witty.Food- AWESOME!You can't go wrong coming here.
1	I went with three friends to Hash House a Go Go on Sunday.  First we were told that the wait for 4 was no more than 20 minutes.  1 hour later I had to check on our reservation and was told three more people ahead of us.  FINALLY we were seated and ordered.  This is where the disaster started to get worse.  My friend ordered the Waffles and Chicken and a pumpkin pancake and the rest of us ordered the Tractor.  The waffles and chicken arrive with a LONG BLACK HAIR in the food.  We sent it back and by this time lost our appetites.  One person who told us was the manager came over and apologized and did not offer to do anything.  We proceed through our meal and I have to say the pancakes were heavy dough and no taste.  When the bill arrived guess what the waffles and chicken and pumpkin pancake still on the bill.  We call over the "so called Manager" who told us she would have to get the Manager.  Lailani came over and said they just forgot to take it off the bill and would fix it.  Then we see the pumpkin pancake is still on there.  We asked why we were not compensated for that since it was part of the meal with the hair in it.  She said they do not give any compensation for food sent back and had a very arrogant attitude. She said corporate does not allow them to even offer a complimentary dessert or drink for any errors.  I don't think a HAIR in the food any just an "error."   We said that the staff did not have their hair covered in the kitchen and she was arguing with us and we had full view of the cooks behind the counter.  We then asked how we could reach the corporate office and who was the owner and "she didn't know"  she was argumentative, rude and condescending.  I am in the food and beverage industry and if I treated my customers with the disrespect that Lailani did I am sure I would not have a job.  Two of the three people with me were from out of town and we wanted to have a nice relaxing brunch which turned into a nightmare of an experience.  On the way out we asked who owned the restaurant and how to reach them and the hostess seemed to have full knowledge on how we could reach the person to file a complaint.  A complaint was filed on Monday with corporate but to date nothing received.  This restaurant needs to train their managers in customer server and respect for the customer.  LAILANI is the worst manager I have ever met.  Needless to say I will not be returning to this restaurant.
1	Terrible service, the waiter forgot all of our side plates and all he said was "I had a lot of shit going on".  Their French toast were also soggy.  They did bring one side (bacon) which they just tossed at our table and the bacon fell off the dish.
2	There is nothing special about Hash House. Seriously, spend your money somewhere else. I cannot believe HH has so many positive reviews.Their portions are large, but their flavor is absent. For just okay food, you will pay more than you should. I ordered the sage chicken and waffles. The waffle is cooked around slices of bacon, but it's a gross bacon- reminded me of turkey bacon, which isn't bacon at all. There's nothing creative or mind-blowing about this version of chicken and waffles and if I ever get dragged back to HH, I will not be ordering it again.  I'm comparing this (and every other chicken and waffle dish that I try) to Gussie's in San Francisco, where the chicken was juicy and flavorful and they put a creative spin on syrup.
3	This restaurant came highly rated from friend's of my wife, but sadly, it did not deliver.  Huge portions, but IMO, not huge on flavour.  I ordered the BBQ ribs which which came out on a big, giant plate with mashed potatoes covering most of the plate and some green beans & carrots as garnish.  The ribs were placed on top of the potatoes, but the ribs barely had any BBQ sauce on them.  Even worse, the ribs were hard to cut, chewy, and were flavourless.  I only ate one rib and that was enough.  Didn't even want to take the leftovers home.  My wife ordered the signature fried chicken & waffles, and since the portions were so big, I helped her eat her meal, or I would have gone hungry for the rest of the night.  Our kids ordered the meatloaf which was pretty tasty.  A decent offering of kids menu choices.Service was good, drinks refilled without even asking.  Bottom line, if you just want a lot of food and don't care about flavours, it's your place to be.
4	OMG!!! One of the best breakfast spots Ever!!! Our server Jess was Amazing...and service was great! Unfortunately I have no photo to show because the food was sooo good it was gone within a few mins!
5	Best place ever for foodies. If your are in Vegas this is a must go. I saw it on the food channel and bookmarked it in my yelp. I happened to join my hubby on a work trip and told him that we needed to eat here and we had to get The chicken and Waffles. We go up the escalator and walknin. It was crowded but the wait wasn't long. It gave us enough time to look at the menu and see what we wanted to devour. I went with the signature chicken and Waffles and my boo the steak eggs Benedict. The presentation of the food is a work of art. The flavors were bursting in my mouth. The just of right crispness of the waffle and juicy bonesses chicken breast with rosemary seasoning. Ugh I want one now please!The steak and eggs Benedict was also yummy. Not everyone makes a great hollandaise sauce but they nailed it. Check out foodiecutie for my pics of what I ate.
4	I live this place. The food is great and the mimosas are great. The service was phenomenal. Out waitress was overly busy so the other wait staff stepped up and helped take care of us. It was great and I suggest anyone try this restaurant, but you better be hungry. The portions are huge.
2	For all of the hype promoting this chain, this location utterly FAILS. Our host sat us in a booth, and before I slid to the center of the seat, I noticed what appeared be cola splattered all over the seat. Like a cow pissing on a flat rock. Wow. We got another seat but waited 8 mins to be noticed. The food was OK. Not spectacular, memorable or worth returning for. The ladies bathroom was a mess, with over-filled garbage cans, a soap dispenser didn't work and one of the towel machines didn't work. I hope their staff washes their hands somewhere else.I won't be back.
2	I decided to try Hash House after all the great reviews on Yelp.  I just don't get it.  Large portions does not equate to good food.  I suspect Hash house is great after a night of drinking and I assume you're still drunk in the A.M.  to be happy to pay big bucks for marginal food.  I do NOT recommend Hash house....but if you MUST try it, brace yourself for  Major Disappointment.  Food's OK, but does not live up to the Hype.
4	Always a line to get in, but what do you expect for a good place? Been coming here for years. Portions are extremely generous. Hell, I could get away w/ ordering one entree if I took a date here. My go-to's are the chicken n waffle tower and any of the Benedict's. Always flavorful. Go here! Trust the fat kid
4	A lot of food!!!The portion sizes are huge!My husband and I got the chicken and waffles, thank goodness we saw someone else's order when we came in and saw that  it was definitely enough for the two of us to share. 4 large waffles with 2 extra large pieces of chicken on top.Service was amazing. Refilled my coffee quickly, brought extra syrup.... attentive without hovering over you!
1	I don't get the allure of this place at all. I'm personally not a fan of high quantity accomplished through sacrificing quality. We came here because my husband wanted something unhealthy and fried, but we should have used up those calories somewhere else. I had the chicken and waffles, and although the plate looked like a spectacle... being a spectacle is not always a good thing. I would only come back here if I was being dragged to it by tourists who use the moniker "foodie" too freely. Their cocktail mixes are pretty good, but again, more focused on looking good rather than actually tasting good. If I'm going to eat unhealthy, I'd rather go to Raising Canes BJs, Cheesecake Factory... anywhere else really.
2	VERDICT: Impressive LOOKING food...that is all.Greg and I got so excited to see Hash House a Go Go on the Travel Channel or Food Network or whatever channel they got onto.  Finally, a really fun restaurant in Las Vegas that isn't on the strip.I've been to Hash House a Go Go several times and I have to say, I'm not a fan.  Here's the deal, the food is impressive looking.  Just do an Google image search for Hash House a Go Go to see some of the creations.  The visual wowness of the food is really the only best part about it.  The biscuits are dry, crumbly and tasteless.  The "homemade" strawberry preserves tastes just like Smuckers.  The breakfast potatoes are bland and often undercooked.  The food that people rave about is basically food that is pretty hard to mess up, like pancakes, waffles and fried chicken.Basically, the presentation can be summed up as this:  Stack a bunch of large portions of food on top of each other, throw some fried grass of some kind on top of it or uncooked spaghetti, and shove a large twig of rosemary down the middle to make it look fancyI can throw food on my plate with some weeds at home.  Thanks.
5	I've been to the HH in San Diego for breakfast/brunch a few times. This was the first time we've dined at HH. Very worthwhile. We had a delicious entertaining meal. A nice way to close our Las Vegas trip.
4	Great service creative dishes.  I love the sage chicken and waffles. Eggs Benedict with spinach is awesome.  The pancakes are huge!
5	If I'm ever feeling famished and want some really good comfort breakfast food, I  go to this location of Hash House a Go Go for large mounds of food.  Service is friendly and brisk.Order any entree and it will be enough for two.  It is a literal mound of food on a plate.  I love the fried chicken and waffles here.  The chicken is dusted in some rosemary giving it a nice herb flavored crust.  The batter is not to soft or hard, but has just the right crunch to it.  The waffles are bacon waffles.  How can you not love bacon waffles.They'll also give you a to go cup for your drink if you ask for it.  That was new to me.  I had a nice Arnold Palmer on my drive back to LA.
4	I highly recommend the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. I've had it many times before. I usually go to Hash House whenever I'm in Vegas. I've been there numerous times always accompanied by others all of which have agreed that the food is really good!The portions are humongous! Where else can you go and get a tall can of beer served in a brown paper bag?
4	The food is quite tasty but must be shared to be enjoyed. The portions are too huge and you can't take it to go very easily in Vegas. I do always try to stop in though when I am in Vegas. Get the chicken and waffles dish
5	I rarely write reviews but I really wanted to share this info. The prices are so reasonable given the generous portions, fine quality, fresh ingredients,vast menu choices,GREAT coffee,beautiful enviroment,location & parking. ALL the staff is friendly & professional. In this day & age I'm heartened to find such an establishment!
2	I don't understand what is the hype about this place. Based on the ratings, I decided to try it myself. I got the chicken and waffle breakfast and my husband got the man vs. food house special. I was surprised by the portion because their hella huge. Its like a meal for two. I am a big fan of chicken and waffle breakfast but I was not impressed with theirs. First the waffle was soggy so I asked for the waffle to be crispy. When it came back to me, it still wasn't crispy but the server said that's their crispy. I asked for it to be almost burned. I waited patience and started eating my chicken. It was actually good. But reminded me of southern style chicken. I don't care much for it. When the waffle came back, it still was not crispy. So I just gave up on it. I think my husband had the andy's sage fried chicken. It a bunch of stuff on a place. I don't even know where to explain. For me it was ALRIGHT. I would eat it but it was just too much to finish. On the other hand, my husband (who is a chef) did not care for it at all. So that was a total fail. Would I do back again? Probably not. We love good food and appreciate where what we spend our money on. This was just not one of them.
5	I really like the food here. You can tell it's prepared with a lot of attention and care. Love eating there.
4	Size matters.  But does it matter enough?  The first thing that strikes you about Hash House, even as your hostess walks you to your table, is the size of the breakfasts on the tables you walk past.  Ranging from ample to massive, the breakfasts seem to dare you to finish them.  Eggs Benedicts piled so high you have to peak around them to find your Bloody Mary.  Pancakes the size of a small trampoline.  You're going to need a bigger fork.But this is Vegas, and there are at least a couple of dozen hotels offering massive breakfast buffets.  Here, eating your fill is not enough to knock your socks off.  So, Hash House, what else you got?Well, as it turns out, they got pretty good food and a lot of attitude.  By "attitude," I mean a mildly "holier-than-thou" approach to their menu, reminiscent of Prius owners' approach to their cars.  Hash House makes it a point of pride that nothing on the menu is quite what you expect.  They offer a variety of Benedicts, but none of them with the traditional hollandaise sauce because that would be so, you know, traditional.  (I know that's the reason, because I asked the waiter.)  Breakfast potatoes are mashed or crispy-roasted, but not hash browns.  "Favorite" scrambles (according to the menu) are salmon, chuck roast, and smoked chicken.  And if you're really curious, you can order the "Old School Fried Mush."  (Don't ask me; I didn't order it.)The service was friendly, but a little slow.  One of our party ordered hash with a poached egg on top.  The hash arrived, without the poached egg.  We asked for the egg.  Five minutes later, the server came over and told us that the chef had broken the egg and would have to cook another one.  Another five minutes, and the egg arrived.  Five minutes?  What, were they waiting on the chicken?Anyway, the one thing you have to say about Hash House is that if popularity is a metric, they must be doing something right.  Our wait to be seated was only about 15 minutes on a Saturday morning, but judging from the size of the outdoor waiting area there must be times when the line outside is longer than the dining room inside.  Hash House is quirky, but definitely worth a try.
5	I am not one to give out stars liberally so when you see 5 at the top of my review, you should immediately drop whatever you are doing and go eat there! The food was A.Maz.Ing. My husband and I shared the Cobb salad, and the Indiana style pounded pork tenderloin. The salad was literally the best Cobb I've ever had. Adding balsamic and avocado takes it to a whole other level, who knew? HH did! The salad came in a bowl the size of a basketball, which more than compensated for the $14 price tag. The pork tenderloin was to die for. First, the plate was the size of a man hole cover. We are not talking small portions here. The sauce is an amazing mix of tomatoes,cream, and love. It is magical. I could eat a shoe covered in that sauce. The pork was so tender I could cut it with a spoon. (Not that I did, mind you, but I could've.) Our total bill for the 2 of us sharing these two items and a soda pop each was a reasonable $41, and we each had a to go box for lunch the next day left. I desperately wanted to try the cheesecake for dessert but I literally could not eat one more bite. The only criticism I have is that there is not one close to Seattle. I hope they get on that soon.
4	I have been to this location a few times.  I have always enjoyed the breakfast menu. I recommend the pancakes. My only complaint is that the music is alway blasting so if you are with a group it difficult to hear across the table.  This place is very busy on the weekends but you can usually get in quickly weekdays. I will come here again.
5	Wow! First off, the portions are huge! I would definitely suggest sharing unless you are absolutely starving! My family and I tried the Sage Chicken and Waffles, the pot pie, and Andy's Sage Chicken Eggs Benedict. All the dishes, once again, were large in portion size, and tasted great! The chicken and waffles were a great combo specifically the crispy chicken with the sweet of the waffles and the salty bacon in the waffles! Then dunk all that salty sweet goodness into some maple syrup, topped with fried leaks.... A bite of deliciousness. I also appreciated the service, which was quick and efficient, friendly and helpful! Wonderful brunch spot worth checking out!
3	Pretty decent, huge portions. Expected more chicken for andy's fried chicken though! It turned out to be more carbs than chicken. The flapjacks and waffles were pretty good in terms of texture, but my friends didnt like it.
4	awesome amazing food...
4	way to go bro.....awesome amazing food...
1	Worst service. First, we were quoted 45 minutes but then it ended up being one hour and 15 minutes. Pathetic. They should have a better system. Food is overrated.
5	Everything I've ever tried is full of flavor and just yummy. Portions are more than enough for 2 people, you might even have leftovers. They take pride in the presentation of their dishes, very original. If you've never tried this place you should, you won't regret it.
5	Completely worth the hype. The portions are soo huge a must share! The food is amazing. Great kids menu and great prices for what you get. I would definitely come back.
1	I think if you're the average overweight American, then this place would be nice for you.  It's huge portion for the average price restaurant with food that will surely get you on the obese side fairly quickly.  My family and I went here because of the Yelp review, but I guess some reviews are not really helpful.  We ordered two dishes to share to see how good it is, but it was terrible.  The "scramble eggs" are pre-made; yellow and dry and on the cold side for scramble eggs.  The scramble eggs with salmon was scramble, but they added the cold salmon and didn't really cook it anymore serving it on the cold side.  Also the salmon smells really "fresh".  You can smell the fish smell and it was really bad; cold salmon.  Not to mentioned their "abundant mix fruits" came only with 3 small slices of pineapple and 2 tiny pieces of oranges.  Serious now.  Most of the dishes you can tell are pre-made, hence you will get your dishes fairly quick.  I did mentioned to the waitress about the disappointment and she did offer to make a new one, but I just wanted to finish and move on.  One thing I don't trust is complaining to your server and mechanic and have the same people who originally jacked up their service to try and redo the same service.  You might get a surprise flavor in your scramble eggs or a loose bolt in your engine.  I rather just Yelp about it and eat somewhere else.  If you think about eating here, just go to a Dennys, unless you're weight challenge, you can get full here.
5	I thought that Country Way and Black Bear Diner were great breakfast places...they are nothing compared to Hash House A Go Go! AMAZING! HUGE AND TASTY PORTIONS AT GREAT PRICES.The amount you get per plate can feed two hungry adults. I see that most people can't even finish their plate!It's a huge portion and it has quality tastes! It's rare to find this! Must try:-Chicken and Waffles Special-Corned Beef Hash-Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade
3	I didn't know this place was a big deal until after we left. We ordered quite a bit of food, so we left full but unsatisfied. 1. Sage Chicken and waffles - chicken was cooked well, but the waffles were soggy and a bit too cakey for my taste.2. Watermelon kiwi lemonade - a must try! I don't think I've ever seen this concoction before but it was pretty tasty. We added vodka to ours!3. Mushroom and artichoke scramble - very plain. It was very simply cooked and not as seasoned as the sage chicken and waffles. It was also on the dry side. If they added some cheese or hollandaise sauce, I think it would make the dish a lot better. 4. BLT Bloody Mary - I've had my fair share of bloody Mary's and I can say that this doesn't make the top 5 on my list.
2	Well the food is good and you get a lot if you can actually get them to bring it to you and forget about refills or if you'd like more than a thimble of syrup good luck. Had to flag down a second server to find both our drink order and our request for extra syrup and blue cheese. He at least was very prompt. Don't understand why they just don't keep syrup on the tables. Happy with the food, but very disappointed with the service.
5	I've been looking forward to coming back here since the first time I was here. Brought 5 other people with and strongly urged them not to order the Chicken n Waffles as I had to have them again, but wanted to see (taste) some other offerings lol. As others have indicated the portions are HUGE! Many doggie bags were assembled last night. Chicken n waffles are excellent! (Chicken is bone in). The waffles have big pieces of bacon inside!The fu fu looking Kiwi watermelon lemonade is delicious. (I went with the adult version -a shot of vodka)Round the table there was meatloaf pasta - delicious...the hammered pork loin - Amazing!....the stuffed meatloaf -awesome!...and finally the breakfast crab cakes ...best crab cakes I've tasted!  After our order was taken a plate of huge glazed biscuits arrived with a delicious peach preserve and honey butter.  I'm here for a couple more days, I be back for breakfast later and then await my next trip to start working my way thru the balance of the menu. Great service, delicious food, priced right, huge portions...do it!
5	Amber was very generous to an already plentiful dish served at this location. No matter what you order, you're sure to check out very satisfied at this establishment. You also want to ensure your early arrival as foot traffic can be overwhelming but well worth the wait. If I'm back in town, I know where I'll be for breakfast...
5	Service was great. The breaded pork tenderloin sand which was insane. Easily twice the size of the bun. Totally enjoyable.
4	This is the first time I've gone to this location. I've been to the one located above O'Sheas and both times was moderately happy with their service and food. This location, however, was terrific. Great service, food, presentation, and above all, easy parking.  We will definitely make this location our go to for breakfast when we are in Vegas. It's also pretty close to our time share.
5	The portions are HUGE!Prices are good compares to the strip. And the food tasted greaaat. The line is the only downside but what can you say.. It's a popular restaurant. I highly recommend this place !
