5	I took my car into Pinnacle Nissan because there was a recall on it and to save multiple stops I had them change the oil and asked if it needed anything else. I was told it was due for the 30,000 mile check so I said give me an estimate.  Whoa,  they came up with a list that amounted to $1,300 so I said no thanks.Then I took it to Comb's.....sat down with Eric and showed him the list from Pinnacle.  First of all, the $700 price for the 30,000 mile check up he said is a list of items that they check at no cost (for the check-up). And the 3 items that they wanted to charge me $600 to repair, he said only one of them needed to be done and the total cost came to $73.99!!So, anyone who can save me $1,230 on auto repairs is a favorite in my book. Plus the place is very clean and relaxed, Eric was very nice and explained everything so I could understand.....and that's saying a lot because I'm clueless about cars. They have a comfortable area to wait in but there is no where to walk to from there so you have to either wait there or have someone pick you up.
1	I took my car in for a $50 oil change. Combs Auto Repair inspected it and told me I needed $2,312.61 in repairs; including rear brakes, air filter, head light service, transmission flush, battery, and engine mounts. I guess they did not realize I had just purchased my battery within a year and had replaced two of the engine mounts they said needed repairs. I took my car to another well known and respected repair shop and paid for an inspection. They said it did not need any of the above items Combs Auto Repair said I needed. It is unfortunate that Combs Auto Repair can't be trusted. I still need a good repair shop in North Scottsdale.
5	I've been debating for a long time on whether or not it's appropriate for me to write a review.Full disclosure - my family has been close to the Combs' for decades - and it has gone well beyond the mechanic/customer relationship.  So - while my review is completely honest based on my experience - I can't seperate professional feelings from personal feelings.  Please take that for what it's worth.My dad started taking his car and his work trucks to the old Combs location at Scottsdale Rd and Shea.  Based on the relationship he built with the people there, he and my mom were invited to not only the groundbreaking at the current Adobe Dr. location, but attended the wedding of Eric, the GM.  (Side note - before getting married, my dad hoped I would end up dating Eric - I only share this because it speaks to his honesty, integrity and work ethic.  If this is the type of man a father WANTS to see his daughter with, you know he's the type of man you can trust!)By the time I went to work with my dad, all services had been moved to the new location.  And it was a given that the fleet of work trucks, as well as both my parents cars and my car would get all service and repairs with them.They are not cheap, but they are HONEST.  Always!  Honest, even when it costs them money.  They aren't out to con you into services you don't need - they want to develop a relationship and take care of all your vehicles for as long as you own them.  They don't need to make a fast buck today, beause they are building the trust that you won't want to let anyone else under your hood.I could go on for days with specific anecdotes relating to the honesty, integrity and good business practices they've displayed through the years - as well as the good humor and warmth of everyone I've encountered - but the other reviewers have done a good job of that.Instead - I will tell you about a phone call I made today.  I called Combs', and got Leo on the phone.  While I did have a car related question to ask him - I was thrilled to have the excuse to call, and promised to bake cookies to bring in to the shop.  That's right.  My experience with Combs' Auto is SO good that I am baking and delivering cookies - and there's nothing wrong with my car!Of all the businesses in this town, this is the one I feel 100% comfortable sending people to for any auto repair need.  It's the one I know I will be thanked for instead of cursed.
5	Great to know my car was fixed right the first time and to find a shop nearby that I can trust. Leo explained what was wrong and pricing. He was friendly and let me know what was needed.They were able to diagnose the problem, get the parts, and get my car fixed all the same day!
1	We brought our truck in Oct. 2011 for brakes they charged   $800.00 for brakes and rotors, now it is only august 2012 and we brought it back because of pulsating of brakes and they said the rotors were warped and needed to be turned already, apparently they are not using factory recommended parts just cheap ones!!! Very disappointed.... our last brake service before combs lasted 7 years and none of our driving habits have changed.
5	Wonderful experience and staff!  Not to mention prices are great!I found my new auto shop in Scottsdale! :)
5	I had an issue with my car where a number of the electrical items went out on my car at once after a battery change out.  I took the car to my dealer, they gave me an estimate of $189 for a "diagnostic".   I went to Comb's after reading the Yelp reviews, and they narrowed the issue down to 2 fuses that had blown when the battery was reconnected.  $90 and I was done.  I was afraid he might come back with a laundry list of "sensors" or electrical parts that would need to be replaced.  They were very honest and showed me some additional care items that will need to be addressed in the near future (real items that I already knew about, not stuff they made up), and gave an estimate for those repairs, but with no pressure to do anything at the time.Overall a great experience, I'll be back there again next week with my wife's car.  She needs a new headlight.
4	Being new to this area, we do not have a mechanic here.   After seeing the positive comments on Yelp, I called Combs when my engine light came on.  I spoke with Eric who, after some diagnostic questions, gave me something simple to do to fix the problem.  If it didn't work, then I could bring it in for a diagnostic test for a fee.  Well...Eric was correct in his telephone assessment!  He may have lost some revenue by giving me advice vs having me bring the car in right away...but that type of customer care has made us customers from now on!  Thank you for your honest & neighborly treatment!!
5	These guys are awesome. I have taken many of my vehicles here over the years and each time  I leave amazed at how honest they are and at the quality of their work. They have done countless oil changes, timing belts, starters and brake jobs for me. The vehicles are always done on time, correctly and comes back clean, no greasy seats, carpets or steering wheel.
5	Finally, someone I can trust.They correctly diagnosed 2 problems. One was simple; noisy valves because I didn't realize I was low on oil. They could have told me it was something really bad and I wouldn't have known. They are honest.The second was an exhaust smell. I couldn't find where it was coming from and they couldn't either. So they ran a series of tests and finally isolated it to the exhaust manifold. Nailed it. I'm sure a dealer would have suggest all sorts of stupid 'fixes' with no attempt to troubleshoot.My car has over 200K mi on it and is running better that it has in quite a while.Nice clean facility. Glad I found it. I'll never never never ever have to go back to the dealer again.
