3	Meadowbank Shopping Centre has one of the only supermarkets in the Holyrood/Abbeyhill area, so it is always busy. There is a Sainsburys, a TK Maxx, A Marks and Spencers Outlet, Bingo, KFC and Peacocks! The choice isn't much but if you're looking for simple things then it's great. The car park is quite difficult to navigate around and you'll be lucky to get a space close to any of the entrances. To be honest I wouldn't go out of my way to go to Meadowbank unless I'm food-shopping or need something  from a particular shop because there's not much there!
2	As one of the only big shopping complexes about, Meadowbank Shopping Centre is always busy. Every time I have walked past it, or even taken a wonder into the shops the place never seems to be struggling to attract people in.The retail park has your normal range of shops ranging from Sainsbury's, Marks and Spencers, Next, T K Maxx amongst others. Additionally if you get bored of shopping you can always enjoy yourself at the bingo or enjoy a KFC!This place is very popular due to its location and lack of other similar places in the area, however I would certainly always choose to go to a centre like the Gyle instead of this centre. This is mainly due to the limited range of shops on offer here, so if you are going for a big shop, I would perhaps try somewhere else.
2	As far as retail centres come, this is not the best. None of the shops seem to have much of a pull to take you away from the high street unless you live quite locally to the area.I did go there to TK Maxx, but only because a friend wanted some company, I personally wouldn't be attracted to go there on my own as the shops really aren't that impressive and the entertainment on offer, a bingo hall is not exactly my definition of a good night.  I feel that there is a need to get some more upmarket restaurants there to attract more people there, as the KFC really wouldn't add to the relief of some retail therapy.I would only go to Meadowbank Centre for the food shopping facilities there rather than the other shops.
4	The kind of suburban, uneventful shopping park that you often find yourself wandering vacantly round on Sundays., wondering where your life has disappeared to, Meadowbank Shopping Centre is not particularly exciting, but due to it's location in a somewhat empty part of town, could prove very handy if you live in the area and need cheap clothes (TK Maxx, Peacocks), groceries (Sainsburys), or a means to whittle away your meagre state pension (Gala Bingo).It's got a KFC as well, a chain I used to quite openly love, but after a particularly soggy and undercooked piece of chicken a fortnight ago, I don't think I'll be back for a while.
3	Good place to walk about if you fancy a walk.
1	As a supermarket i have no complaints, i have shopped in this store for over 2 years therefore i have purchased items from t.v's/ dvd's/cleaning products / food/ toiletries and quite a number of clothing items, i also use the pharmacy for a repeat prescription. Iam a loyal customer and have spent a considerable amount of money in the store which makes this matter even more difficult to digest .                                   My complaint is with the staff i have recently encountered, including the store manager whom i have had only one dealing with in which he told me i was banned from the store because i quote , "I Don't like the way you shop"  When i asked what he meant by this strange and monumentally absurd statement, he simply replied" I don't like the way you shop" i asked again Why ? what is wrong with the way i shop ? do you think im a shoplifter or something? He replied "No" Again . "I just dont like the way you shop" i'am still confused and have had no reply from Sainsburys.   This has made me paranoid to go into shops of any kind until i know if indeed it is a case of mistaken identity which i can only assume as i have never been banned or even questioned about how i shop.   I intend to take this action further due to the poor response from sainsburys.
4	It's an alright park, handy if you are about that part of town and need a few commodities! It's on a good bus route or if you have a car you can park for free.There is a sainsbury's, poundland, M&S outlet, B&M store, TK maxx, Gala bingo and pounstretcher. Kinda a bargain store galore - but it serves well.
4	Under appreciated. It has one of the bigger TK Maxx and Home Sense on the premises. Combine that with the M&S Outlet and the BM bargain store (yes they also sell alcohol there!) , Poundland  and Pound Stretcher and the big Sainsbury and you have a shopping afternoon sorted! - I usually can spend about 2 hours in TK Maxx alone.. One thing that annoys me is the Bingo smoking break, but if you are not in their path you will not end up with a blackened lung. You even have a KFC to satisfy your chicken cravings, and you can feed the left overs to the numerous crows that frequent the place - hardly any pigeons or ea gulls here. Lothian Buses that go close are 4, 5, 26, 44, 15, 34 and 19
1	Due to the Sainsburys at Meadowbank, i have only given 1 stars, however the retail park i would give 5. the reason being that as a loyal customer for 3 years at the sainsburys in meadowbank, spending in all areas from food to t.v's/ clothes ect.    i bought 2 pairs of white trousers (both identical) when i tried to return one pair, with my reciept 2 days later, i was astounded and ridiculed  by a rude,incompatent boy with no social skills let alone customer service skills.  When i was told i was banned from the shop because he says so! I returned the next day to speak with the manager as i was positive there must have been some mistake.  However the manager would not give me a reason other than "i dont like the way you shop" So spending a considerable amount of money is not exceptable.  He then followed me to the pharmacy as i explained i have bi polar and had to pick my prescription up.  I have been affected by this  daily to the point i constantly feel paranoid to go out as i dont know why i was not given a reason other than "i dont like the way you shop"  I asked do you think im a thief (for that must be mistaken i.d) He replied "No"  "Ijust dont like the way you shop  and feel discriminated due to my mental health . I will never use Sainsburys again.I plan to take this matter further and seek legal advice aswell as speaking to my local m.p
4	The only place in the area with big stores.If you are looking to shop in this part of town, this is probably the best place to do it. Naaa it isn't the fanciest of shopping malls, but it makes up for luxury with size. The M&S Outlet has some great deals and TK Maxx can make your home look just better.
