5	I highly recommend RR Limousines Car Service! They are extremely prompt, proactive, courteous and professional drivers.  They're excellence in what they do make all the difference in world especially when utilizing their services for airport transportation; they absolutely take care of you curb-side to curb-side, and get the job done!
2	Rideflex is now Roadrunner Limo. I'm not sure which came first or if Roadrunner acquired Rideflex.I use this car service because it's substantially cheaper than other car service companies: $71 to PHX Sky Harbor versus like $90+ from other companies I received quotes from. I have an account with Roadrunner and use them on a regular basis when I travel. They are never late which is awesome and always super polite. The cars are hit or miss: some are gorgeous and new and black and shiny and others kind of seem like taxi-cabs -- the lack of beautiful cars bothers me about Roadrunner. However, I do realize the price difference. Some of the drivers can be annoying and super chatty. I'm not really confrontational so I never ask them to be quiet. There are little luxurious missing like bottles of water.Sometimes I've requested a towncar and the driver has showed up in a SUV. The driver told me it was a "complimentary upgrade" but the SUVs aren't nearly as comfortable as the towncars.  I will continue to use them based on price but I'd might consider upgrading to a new company when I feel okay spending more money.
5	After my house was robbed a few years ago, I've become very sensitive to providing obvious clues to the bad people that I'm not home.  Consequently, I like to get driven to the airport (rather than driving myself), because this lets me leave my car at home, making it look like I am home.  There are times when I don't have an available friend to tote me around, and I need to hire a ride.  Options include, of course, shuttles and taxis, but their vehicles are always clearly branded with the company name - a massive flag to anyone watching that I'm heading out.Roadrunner Limousine is the answer, with their discrete, unbranded cars.  Every time I've used them (probably 3 or 4 times now), they have arrived on time.  The drivers are always professional and courteous and, sometimes, downright gregarious.  Roadrunner includes the gratuity in the reserved charge, so there is no awkward fumbling for tips at the airport.Their rates are a little higher than the shuttle service, but not too much.  Even if I didn't have my robbery-induced quirk, I would choose Roadrunner simply because, for just a few dollars more I get my own car that takes me directly home, as opposed to being stuffed in a cattle car with strangers, and enduring 4 or 5 stops before being dropped off.I will absolutely continue to use these guys; they're offering a great service and a great value.
5	I have used Roadrunner twice a week for the last six weeks.  That should tell you a lot!  They are, by far, the best priced car service in town, but that is NOT why I use them.  My employer pays for my expenses, so I use the company that treats me the best & that is ALWAYS Roadrunner.The PROFESSIONAL drivers each have their own vehicle, so they take extreme pride in their vehicles and it shows.  The  vehicles have all been impeccable (and I am a car guy).  The drivers are very professional, until I start cracking jokes with them & then they are 'customer service' wise enough to lighten up & joke with me, like a good waiter that adjusts his personality to make the customer more comfortable.  They are consistently: professional, courteous, prompt & EAGER to please.I very rarely put my reputation on the line by recommending someone else, but I recommend Roadrunner without any reservation!
5	First time using this service. My choice was based on cost as they were the best price for a trip from the airport to home. I figured I would try them out and I am glad I did. The driver contacted me when I landed and gave me specific instructions on how to find him at the arrival area outside as I don't need any assistance inside. The car was clean and smoke free. As most of us are tired after flying, the conversation from the driver was kept to a minimum as I could catch up on my emails and rest. I would recommend this company and will contact them again. The only difficult confusion is there are several limo transportation company's with the name Roadrunner associated with the name.
