2	Buyer beware of the "Lifetime Warranty" on the Ghost Armor for your phones. I had it installed on my iPhone a few months after I purchased it. Within two weeks it was bubbling and falling off so I took it back.Its painfully slow for them to go through the process and each time was left wandering the store for nearly 30 minutes waiting for them to finish. Thankfully there's plenty to explore for me but the kids were getting grumpy.Flash forward 6 months and my Ghost Armor is again bubbling, scratched and falling off. I took the phone back in and now I have to pay another $10 "service charge" to have them replace it. What the...? That's a nice little scam. Every 6 months you gotta go back and pay another $10 to get the Ghost Armor fixed. Sort of like buying razors and having to go back every few months and pay for refills.I know its not a lot but the original install was $30 so another $20/yr to maintain it is annoying.That said, the store is beautiful. Its clean, spacious, a huge selection and my family and I buy all of our electronics (computers, televisions, cameras, etc) and many of our movies and accessories here. Just stay away from the Ghost Armor and you'll be set.
4	I know, I'm reviewing a Best Buy, but I have to share the great customer service we received today. Daughter had a gift card, wanted to buy game. She was so excited for this game, and began playing the moment we got home. Turns out she didn't like the game. I warned her she might not get her money back, since you can't really return them or even exchange them unless something is wrong. Well, since we went right back they were willing to exchange the game for another one. I was greatly relieved, no one wants to see my daughter angry. I'm thinking a subscription to Gamefly is in order.
4	Great selection, friendly and informed staff. Hard to beat
4	I had a great experience shopping for a new laptop computer for my wife to use. We went into the laptop are and we're greeted by a gal quickly, I believe her name was Devon. She asked a few questions to direct me to the part of the department I was looking for. We purchased a Dell Laptop for $399 & have been very please with the computer and the service we received at the SanTan Best Buy!
3	Best Buys are closing around the country, and honestly it is quite obvious to me why. I see nothing but teenagers working in here. They are more worried about texting their bf/gf than helping close deals on the sales floor. In the online age, you have to do something to stand out. Texting, talking with coworkers, and generally ignoring customers is the wrong way to do so.
5	I was here the other day. I needed a new printer, cell phone case, blue tooth headset, and hubby wanted the movie The Avengers.I like this store! There is one 1.8 miles closer to me but I prefer this one. I'm willing to drive farther for it. That already says enough.This store is super clean and I haven't had an issue finding customer assistance. In fact, the assistance found me - again and again. Real Cool.Perhaps it was the day or the time. I don't know. I do know I went in knowing I had a lot of shopping to do, and left happy.I visited several departments and a representative was available for assistance. One of them was really only passing through and still was patient with me as I mulled over which too-darn-expensive-AND-easy-to-lose Bluetooth headset to buy.On to the printers... Here is where I spent the most time. You see, my smart phone has a scanner app and Best Buy has those square-shaped bar codes (I forgot what they're called) on the boxes and display signs of their products. So I spend the next 20 minutes reading the reviews of the printers. Ugh! I HAD to make sure I was buying the "right" printer, right? So I ended up with the one I would've picked anyway, before I got the "bright" idea to read product reviews. I mean, don't get me wrong, I LOVE reviews (HEL-LOoo!! Can we say Yelp...). But seriously! Too much information + too easy access = time robber. I was nearly late picking up the kids from school...
1	What a joke!! I waited for an hour to see someone in geek squad!! No wonder best buy is going under! Customer service is a joke!  Please avoid this location!!!!!
2	just like the one at chandler fashion center...everything is expensive... a showroom for amazon!
4	Bought a new washer and dryer, they were a great help and got us all taken care of.
1	paid 100 for the Geek Squad to transfer ALL files from old computer to my new one.They did not transfer that much, went back May 15 and was told to prove they did not transfer the files.How the blank can I prove it? Not a geek!! Save your money do not use this company. They also told me to review the new folder called GS..I can not find that folder anywhere.Save you money no geeks here..no refunds for work not doneso paid 199 for year service then had to pay another 100 - 299 for nothing..
5	Stopped in on a Sunday night at about 7 to 7:30. Everyone was very helpful! Prices are good here too! Surprised that everyone was very helpful and kind! Going to stop by more often!
2	I love coming here to check out the latest and greatest technology. They hate it but I love showrooming this place to go buy online cheaper later. You don't have to do that anymore though because they price match online retailers. I came to pick up an online order and both times I've done this it has taken them 15 minutes to get me my product I ordered to the store that is literally right behind the person trying to find it. Don't email me and tell me you are ready for me to pick up my item and then keep me there that long. Your system is broken. Fix it. They have a monopoly over any other electronics stores. I know they are making money.
5	I have Geek Squad protection for my phone and it is usually still a pain in the neck to replace, even though I pay $15/month. Some best buys they play 20 questions or are frustrated with all the paperwork that goes with free replacement. Not this one! Their Mobile department and the Geeks work side by side well and they are a pleasure. It still takes a while but that's part of the process. Solid store. Close to my house but I would drive further if it wasn't for 5 star service!
1	I have never received such poor customer service in my life. Looking everywhere for a laptop called and was told there was numerous in stock just to arrive and have 0 in stock. The sales rep was terrible as they didn't check anywhere. Wasn't until the manager got involved that there was some resolution. Online it was listed as the deal of the day apparently just to get me into the store. Done with best buy for a long time.
5	We haven't had to do anything major at Best Buy, but they are always helpful when we go in.  I've bought some laptops and awhile back had some issues with a couple HP laptops going bad.  They promptly returned my money and once when I stopped by the HP and switched to Sony, no more issues.They give us good recommendations on products when we need it and ask.  And sometimes even the solution isn't purchasing from Best Buy but elsewhere.  This is the kind of service we like and makes them more trusted for us.  Thank you, Best Buy!
1	Every time I walk in here I have this conversation with one of the experts here. I am not kidding at all. "Can I help you with something or do you have any questions?" So I proceed to ask my question and without fail the answer is. " I am not sure about that" or "I don't know." Didn't you just ask if I had any questions? Wait I guess I need to give them some credit. They ask me if I have questions but usually don't say can I answer any questions. You think I would learn my lesson. But the big dummy that I am. I went in there again. This time I tried to stay away from everyone and get my answers before I got there. This is going to be awesome! Get in and get out! WRONG! Nothing I wanted or needed or had a decent price was in stock. Every time I made a decision I was cut down by. "We are out of those and nobody near by has them. Same type of thing happen to me a few months on a TV purchase. I won't even go into what happen when I got to the Chandler store looking for the item I bought in Gilbert to pick up in Chandler. Oh wait I have to tell you about this part. I buy two computers. One in stock and one that I have to pick up in Chandler. On my way out of the door the dude at the front practically bum rushes me to see my receipt. He barley looks at it and signs it and says ok. So I took this time to comment about a concern I had. How come I have a receipt for two computers and only taking one computer out doesn't concern you? Can you imagine if I had two of them and a receipt for one and said oh I am going to pay for this one in Chandler. Ok I am done....I had to get the poison out after spending so much money and getting such poor service.
1	- Bought a phone here, they put on a different protection plan than what I asked for. When my phone then broke, they were very unhelpful.- When I bought said phone, it took almost an hour and half to set up. Computers in the cell phone area were beyond slow and my sales girl took her sweet time as well. She spent half the time texting her boyfriend. It was more than a little frustrating. - Tried to buy a tablet for my father's birthday here, waited for about 10 minutes around the tablet area, we tried to talk to some sales associates to get the tablet, most seemed to hurry way the second we made eye contact. Left and went to Wal-Mart where we were helped almost instantly. Seriously, a tech company that has worst tech service than Wal-Mart.It's an abomination.
1	Bought an A/V reciever for sorround sound. Bought the Geek Squad protection. Year later the picture stops working. Take it to best buy they ship it off, takes a month to actually get back to me. The problem was fixed but they brok something else while doing so. Waiting another month now for it to be repaired. Something needs to be done about this company.
5	Just bought a new computer yesterday.  My sales person, Blake K., was AMAZING!  He asked a few questions about my needs; then led me directly to the computer for me -- and on sale.  Then he found an "open box" of the same computer -- at a discount; then proceeded to get me an even better discount!More important than the price was the service.  Blake listened to me and and actually heard what I was wanting.  The purchase was fast and totally pleasant.  The only down side was that the store was busy and there weren't enough computers for check out.  But even that was OK because Blake gave me great advice for transitioning into the new computer.  He also managed to sell me a wireless keyboard/mouse while we were waiting!Thanks, Blake.
3	I had forgotten about best buy until a recent series of electronic mishaps reminded me of its existence. The power cord on my laptop died and I remembered last time this happened, Best Buy had some for a cheaper price than the Apple store. I drove to the San Tan area and walked around this store, admiring the appliance section, which is probably my favorite part of Best Buy. I want one of those refrigerators with the little flat screen tv on them! I am SURE my food would taste better if I had one. Tv's, tablets, cell phones, printers and much more is to be found in this store, as most of us probably know.All employees I encountered were courteous and friendly, except for that one kid that called me ma'am. Save your good manners for people that are ok with getting old.Prices are higher than most other stores and I ended up not buying the cord I needed here because they didn't have the right one for my laptop.
5	Though we don't go to Best Buy often, every time we go, it's pretty easy to shop here.  We always are greeted by a friendly person at the front and it's easy to get the assistance we need.I think 3-4 weeks ago, we needed a new EVGA video card as a backup and one of the guys helped us.  He originally was showing us lesser video cards, but we said we wanted an EVGA card and that was on the other side of the store.  He answered all our questions and we were able to make our purchase quickly and easily.  My husband loves the card and we'll be using it as a backup to our existing EVGA card.Last night, my husband's mouse was glitching and at 8:30 PM, we went to Best Buy to get him a new mouse.  He found one on Amazon, a Logitech for $25, but when we went to Best Buy, we found a similar Logitech for $20.  Not sure if they are the same mouse, but my husband is happy with this wireless mouse.He originally wanted a wired mouse, but I convinced him to get a wireless, as that's more convenient overall.  He agreed.  We were in and out of the store in less than 10 minutes.Great service always from Best Buy all these years.
1	Geek squad is the worst to deal with and NEVER shows for appointments..When you call they can't find work order and when you provide the number that was given for service call they tell you it is someone else and where did you get the number.Never again!!!!
3	Seriously this place is ridiculous. Their mobile department is sub par. It is unorganized and the wait time is outrageous. There are 5 representatives but only 3 customers are being helped at a time. I wanted to buy an iMac while waiting for the mobile department but no sales representatives have greeted me by the computers since I've been here. I guess they don't want my money? Too many teenagers work here and they don't care about best buy's customers. I hope I never have to come here again.
1	There is a lot of failure to be found in the store. When you walk in the first thing you see is a giant Samsung display. Nearby is a Google chrome book display.  Even the for sales people, who are driven more by commission than giving unknowing customers real helpful advice, are pushing people towards this plastic junk.  Are you an adult with a real job? Good luck finding the Apple or Microsoft displays in the store.  The adults who have jobs and actually know what they're doing with technology will have to search high and low to find Microsoft or Apple products.
