4	Just stopped in the other day, Never got a chance to DQ much since moving away from NJ as a kid- now with renewed appreciation of soft-serve and odd, intense cravings for milkshakes & orange Julius (did not see Julius here, but was in a rush- will update if certain later.); I finally set out to the place that's been just down the road from me for years. *hint: try the receipts @the Hilldale Copps & also metcalfe's(I think, mine's torn up too much to tell) as They'll likely have many coupons on the back for $1 off any blizzard,etc. I have more than I can actually use, and a cheaper milkshake?! well worth the reduced price, creamy savings on a hot day. The actual DQ is just a walkin/out order at-couter type store in a strip-mall that's behind some trees on Univ. Ave. so it might be hard to see if you speed by. Inside feels a bit cramped, not crowded with another family in there getting their order. What decor there was... eh could use updating but who cares. Service was good, or better. I couldn't quite read the flavours on the far menu from the counter, and as my glasses are messed up & I haven't really been in a DQ since 1996, I asked if the guy would read me the flavours, he did, no problems or odd stares; no more than anywhere else anyway. Impressive variety, I mentioned needing a caffeine boost and he said he could put coffee flavoring into whatever I ordered, so that's definitely a plus. when I did order, don't ask me what its called, I just remember being good and then gone; concoction made fast and again no attitude or hassle or anything over a picky customer with lots of questions & a $1 coupon found in grocery bag. Only thing that would make it better: BubbleTea/fruitsodas like in japan, & limited areas in US(not wi, no not anymore); but until DQ buys up a franchise specializing in that, I dont hold it against them. Bottomline:great service; hits the spot on a hot day, though you will have to get out of your car. Its worth it, go see for yourself.
5	This is DQ Country!You know, Madison is one of those towns that have the 3 mandatory places needed to be worth being called a big city.1. Gas Station2. Target3. Dairy Queen.Truth of the matter is, DQ is good stuff. On those hot summer days who wouldn't want a nice big blizzard, shake, sunday, banana split or ice cream cone. Is it cold enough? Well, they flip it upside down to prove it's NOT MELTED!!!It's hot in Madison in July and when I'm hot an ice cream treat always sounds good, so when asked if I wanted anything from Dairy Queen I said YES!Dairy queen is an american institution and everybody must try it.Now that this DQ is 5 minutes from my house, I get cravings at all times of the day.  I just can't stop...I may need to be committed.  Mmmm....soft serve chocolate dipped conage. Hard shell soft serve in a sweet sugar cone.  Between that and a Vanilla Blizzard with Butterfinger AND Reese's Peanut Butter cup.  You had me at Amazeballs. Meow.
4	One love to caramel sundaes, with the cherries on topYeah and big up to my French VanillasParlez vous, francais, mi amor, merci, oui oui, bon bons- "Ice Cream" by the Wu-Tang Clan (the remaining lyrics can't be referenced on Yelp)I would come in and eat the Blizzard every day of my life if I wasn't weight conscious.  Sometimes perfection isn't about fresh/local/top shelf ingredients -- it's about taste and comfort.  Is there anything that tops the experience of a French Silk Pie Blizzard?  A first kiss? A raise?? A lottery jackpot??? I think not -- this is what you grab to make those events special.  It's just SO good.  I wish I had one in my belly now!   You cannot go wrong with any of their varieties -- I've had several others and all are nearly as good as the French Silk.The remainder of their ice cream dishes are all very good.  It's just the Blizzard is where it's at (two turntables and a microphone).Their grill menu is disposable.  I have rarely eaten it, when I had ... I thought... hmm... school lunch menu, but just cooked slightly better.  I'll pass. Why eat that crap when you can fill up on the Blizzard?This DQ location is frequented by people of all ages and one of the busier ones I experienced.  They generally participate in all ("At Participating Store...") deals.
