5	We love Dr. Shaw and her staff. She really cares. She us the best vet we've every used ! She shows genuine care and concern for our dogs. I feel she trats us like we were family. Wow if 10 stars wre available Dr. Shaw would get them. I think she hung the moon!
5	Dr. Lisa Shaw is the best of the best. I feel like she is part of the family . Her staff are all lovely and very nice.
4	We have two larger dogs and a cat which have been given good care over the years here. This place doesn't seem to do too much thats unneccessary, and not much upselling when you go in. Caring staff.
4	This is where we take our two cats.  They are excellent.  Dr. Lisa is our attending Vet and all of the staff just love to see you and your animal children.Full service, surgery, recovery ward and whatever is needed to care for your pets.They will be moving soon to a new location further down the road across from Lowe's.  Their current location can be easily missed as it is back from Hwy 521 and you can wiz by their driveway in an instant.We do like this operation.
4	Dr. Lisa Shaw is my vet and I am definitely going to continue to take my dog to see her. However, I wanted to caution those who make a vet tech appointment with them. Normally, I love Indian Land Hospital and have never had a bad experience until yesterday. I made a vet tech appointment for my dog. They sent me two text messages and one email to ensure that I remembered to show up on time, which I did. And then I waited for 40 minutes for my dog to be taken back for a simple blood draw while others were coming and going around me. I didn't get out of there for an entire hour. I found out later that they put vet tech appointments down to the bottom of the pile. Those with doctor's appointments get in first. And if the vet tech has time in between appointments, then they'll come and take my dog. Well, they were under staffed with vet techs and so I waited and waited and waited while others were served. So, if you make a vet tech appointment (which is cheaper), call first to make sure that they are not understaffed for vet techs. Other than that, I will still go to this vet, but I will call ahead and reschedule if they are understaffed on vet techs when I make a tech appointment.
4	Great new location on Hwy 160, just off of Hwy 521.  Stay in the right lane as you make the left turn off of Hwy 521 when heading north and ditto for right land if coming south on Hwy 521.Nice large parking lot so you can turn around and easily park and unpark.Although echo-ish, the large lobby and reception area provides separation of dogs and cats and especially for those scared pets that will feel more comfortable away from other animals.Same great staff with Drs. Shaw and Wyss who really care about your pets.We continue to be regulars and recommend this vet operation to others.
