4	Good spot, off the Strip, to catch a movie.
3	When you are in Las Vegas this is the easiest place to watch a movie. There aren't any art-house movie theatres in Las Vegas, after all, this place doesn't really have a soul. However, the Orleans has more movies then the other alternatives around... so this place isn't a horrible place to watch movies.
5	Orleans is great place to stay. One reason for this is the movie theater right inside the hotel. If you're travelling with kids,one parent can take the kids to a movie while the other one plays the slots. The theaters are very comfortable and offer a nice break from the Vegas action.
4	Great spot off the strip to see a movie. Comfy chairs with cupholders, stadium seating. Nice staff.  And the #1 reason why this is my movietheater of choice in the Las Vegas Area, the Orville Redanbaucher Kettle Corn. Ever since I went to Europe and had my first Popcorn Du Sucre( popcorn with sugar) I am no longer a fan of american style popcorn. And the Century Theater chain is the movie theaters to offer Kettle corn which is the next best thing, I always seek out this movie theater brand.
3	Well they now accept credit cards. But it's a movie theatre. It's got good sound - it's not fancy. Its a popcorn, hot dog type of place. I like coming to this theatre out of convenience that it's right up the street from my house. They usually do these free promo movies here. Between this theatre and the Palms. Check out Las Vegas Movie Insider to join up free to get these free movies and crap. Other than that. I like this place. I'm not a big fan of the Orleans. But you know it's eh...average.
3	Back when this multiplex first opened up, it was exciting.  It was new and clean and the technology was awesome.  For a long time, it had the only DLP screen in town which led scads of people here to see the Matrix and Star Wars series.  It was heads and shoulders above the other nearby, aging theatres and I found myself here regularly.  I haven't been there so much in the last few years.Now, the theatres here are starting to show their age a little bit.  Digital screens are available all over the valley.  And in other places you don't have to feel like you've walked into a 7 year old's utopia as you stand sandwiched between the arcade and the Kid's Quest to buy a ticket.It ain't a bad place to go if it's nearby, but I don't make the trek out there anymore.
5	Nice .... watched a movie here. :)  Has everything you want from a Movie theater but in the center of a Casino.
4	I saw the new Star Trek movie at the Orleans today.  Awesome, Action, Adventure, Annihilation, An overall great movie.Stadium seating, clean and a relatively affordable snack bar.  Admission tickets are also reasonable at the early shows before 5pm.The only reason they get 4 instead of 5 stars is the theater layout.  Instead of the theaters being centrally located around the snack bar, 6 screens to the left and 12 to the right.  Of course I was in theater 12 which is just past B.F.E.  A mere 20 minute hike from the snack bar.  There was an alternate snack bar out in the back 40 where my theater was, but of course it was closed.I will definately be back, but avoid the distant screens.
4	Caught a weekday matinee. I found the theaters clean and other patrons respectful and they serve KETTLE CORN! My fave. My only complaint is the lack of toilet paper in the restroom.
3	Went to Century Orleans last night and found the seating to be so-so....Not too clean and the arm rests in the middle areas are a little sagging from overuse.The screen was nice as were the Three-D-Effects and surround sound!  Food is still a bit high priced.  Easy lighting, and isles are well marked to find your way in a dark theater.I would come here again.
3	This is the new default theater for the wife and I as its the closest to our home. We've been a handful of times and at all various hours and days of the week. As far as Vegas movie theaters go, I'd say this one is pretty average and slightly mediocre. The location is pretty good for a in casino theater because its pretty quick and easy to get to. Its a good location inside the theater because once you get up the stairs and see that the only other things in that area are the day care and the arcade, you are usually greeted by the "fresher" air because of the lack of smoking.The ticket prices are about average. Not the cheapest (see the Henderson Cinedome for cheap first run movies) and its not the most expensive. They don't seem to offer any discounts, at least my wife who is a student hasn't gotten one by flashing her ID. The theaters are pretty clean, and never insanely busy. I've found that at this theater parents are bit less likely to bring their young children to an R movie...maybe its because the daycare is right next to the theater? This theater does have the Real 3D if you are in to that. They have the two sided concession counter, which I've only ever seen one side open, which can be a pain when you have to wait to go through the popcorn line just to get to the cashier. The only thing that I am not a fan of is the ticket line. Even when its busy on a Friday or Saturday night, they never seem to have more than 2 people working the ticket counter. I don't really know if I've experienced a slower ticket counter. If you are looking for top of the line technology and service, this is not your place. If you are looking for an easy theater that is not as crazy busy as Town Square or Red Rock...this could be for you.
2	I've only been here once. And like any theater they have to have comfy seats for a 2hr movie. For some unknown reason this place made me choose from a recline-able chair that doesn't let the arm rest go up or a stiff chair that lets the arm rest go up. The two different chairs alternated by each row. I just don't understand how come we couldn't have both???
4	This was one of the first movie theaters to have staggered seating that I appreciate so much (because so often in the past, had a tall person sit right in front of me, thus blocking my view). Arcade nearby, usually pretty packed too. Concession stand. Clean. It's a little older now but I still enjoy watching movies here. It's pretty busy around matinee time, but not enough to get annoyed by bumped elbows (does it bother you too that people no longer say "excuse me", when they bump into you or run into you, either?) As far as movie theaters in casinos go, I'm a fan of this one.
3	I don't go to Vegas that often, and when I visit it is usually to hang out with my mom and sister who both love to go and play the slots.  Being a nonsmoker as well as not much of a gambler leaves me not much to do in Vegas.  So I head off on to the movies in the Orleans.  The large number of screens usually mean there is something for me to watch.  I enjoy the seating, always looking for the ones that recline, and I really like the arena type seating so no one is blocking my view of the screen, no matter how tall they may be.
4	You can stumble into this theater with little to no static at all. Your lush ass and friends can literally walk into a bar found downstairs.. some Irish bar.. walk out.. climb some stairs and tada! Look out for the kids (depending on the time) so you won't anger some parents with your disorderly conduct considering there is an arcade right next door. Hey you can play some Burning Rubber as you wait till the movie starts if you're up for some juvey fun! We were coming from Chinatown and mapping theaters and this was the easiest to find. Two types of chairs available. Some lean far back while others are more upright. Good luck. Great sound. I dug it.
5	Ive been here a few times and everything is legit except for the seats! Ugh!! I hate their seats not comfortable at all! Every other row has reclined seats (why every other row? I have no clue) and theres no neck support....i feel it is a key element to have comfortable seating in a movie theatre only because ugh hello! You're in the seat the whole time. And if you're not comfy then you're cinema experience would not be very pleasant. Trust me! I've watched avatar here and I had to see a chiropractor after. But other that the fact that their seating is ridiculously uncomfortable everything is great! :)
2	BF and I went to see Transformers 3 yesterday at the Century Orleans 18 theaters ($8 for matinee).  I always get popcorn ($12 for large drink & large popcorn)  when seeing a movie, but I think the butter that they use for the popcorn here upsets my stomach.  This has happened to me twice now.  Seats are fine, long previews, ok experience.
2	Came here to see a movie screening (never been to this theater before). The theater itself is rundown and old school (every other row of seats reclines very far back while the other rows don't move at all). The bathrooms (visited both of them) smelled horrible and were in need of some cleaning. Don't think I will come back to this theater when there are so many other choices of better theaters out there.
4	An excellent movie theater in a great location. Very comfortable seats. Been here about 4 times now and its never been crowded. The screens that I have seen movies on have great projection and the sound has always been top notch. Really like the nachos as well.
4	I had to write to say that all the young people working there last night were great. very kind, courteous and hard workers. They should be role models for other business where people do not even acknowledge your presence. Bravo to all of them.
5	We came here for a matinee show on a Friday and was impressed by the friendly employees and comfortable and clean movie theatre.  The price for the first showing of the day was only $7.  You can't beat that price for a few hours of mindless entertainment in Las Vegas!The Orleans also has a very nice Bowling Center, so if you want to play a free game after a movie, just show them your movie stub.
3	I took my son to see Puss in Boots yesterday for a night showing.The workers are all youngsters but are very friendly and do there jobs. The theater was clean and maintained and the seating was comfy. We enjoyed the movie and had a great time.Ps do not buy food or drinks here it cost an arm and a leg but thats standard at any movie theater.
5	Off the strip and very clean, never crowded. This place is great and there is a play center to leave the kids at if you want. Also an arcade for the older kids.
5	This was a great find! Great indeed! A full on movie theatre that has all the current movies and devotes screens to indie films as well! We love the indie films and this met our needs. So Gamble a bit, see a movie, repeat as necessary! Works for us! Clean and easy to get to, -- In the main entrance and up the escalators!
3	I'm fully aware that a normal person does not go and see a movie during a vacation in Vegas. Nevertheless, I was in Vegas and I wanted to catch Oliver Stone's 'Savages' and this was the perfect opportunity. I frequently stay at the Gold Coast and have always noted that the Orleans has a Century theater and this was my chance to check it out.I was kind of expecting they'd have a bar. It is Vegas. No bar. I should of pre-gamed, which I think I did. I go to primarily Century theaters back home and I think 3 stars is fair for this theater. It's a little run down; some updating and upkeep would greatly benefit the theater, and more importantly, a discount for hotel guests would be ideal. As for the layout of our auditorium, it was modern standard, with stadium seating, DLP projection, and Dolby Digital.We paid $8 for an afternoon showing, which is pretty reasonable. If you're a local or a movie addict such as myself. I'd suggest checking out the Orleans theater. I'm pretty sure it's much cheaper than Brandon Theaters inside the Palms, which tends to be overpriced.Pros:+ Modern theater w/ stadium seating, DLP projection+ Reasonable prices+ Post movie entertainment (gambling, booze)Cons:- No discount for hotel guests - A little rundown and messy
2	If you want a comfortable experience at a theater, choose otherwise. I would not come here if I have any other option and with the amount of theaters there are around this condensed town, you should definitely go elsewhere.This site had the typical map of any other Century movie theaters except the cleanliness. It was quite dirty. For the lone movie I watched, there were was popcorn from previous times everywhere in the theater and even spilled soda that turns sticky. I stepped on it unfortunately, and even though I don't technically feel it, it's quite nasty. It was pretty much a dump with no janitorial emphasis. Terrible, when you consider that you want a comfortable theater experience.The sound system can use some improvement as well. It's rare to really say this but I get more effects from watching movies from my 42 inch LG LCD than from these theaters.The seats were even weird. Not that comfortable but that's just my preference. And in my seat, the arm rests' cover was off so I couldn't comfortably rest my arms on the arm rests/ cup holders. Sure you can easily say just sit in another seat but I had a center seat that I very much liked and always like. Unfortunately, with no comfortable arm rest. Yes they do have the most recent movies but why rate it on the exorbitant snack costs and provided movies when it's typically identical with all theaters? Reviewers should all be focused on the atmosphere, cleanliness, and service.
3	This isn't really my favorite movie theater in town, but it is conveniently located for me so I end up here more times than not when I'm in the mood to go to the movies. The parking is pretty good. I'm usually reluctant about coming to a casino because I hate having to walk a mile to get to the theater, but the outside lot is really close and I can usually find good parking. They usually have a pretty good selection of the most current movies as well. I wish they played more independent movies, but I guess that's to be expected for a larger theater.
2	- In Dec 2012 saw Skyfall here in one of the smaller theater rooms (#6?) and the seat (prime location in the center so likely often used) was really uncomfortable.  Most of the padding was significantly compressed/worn, slightest movement (eg leaning back) and the hinges squeaked irritatingly.- Need to seriously replace/refurbish the worn out seats which are most used by movie-goers.
3	Orleans hosts a bevvy of "other" options for patrons of a casino. Including a movie theater, bowling center, movie theater, and arcade. Since I dislike casinos that smell of ratted smokey clothing (which the Orleans does) I am happy to note the movie theater is removed from the rest of the casino one floor up. This floor hosts the theater, an arcade, and place for parents to drop their children off so they can gamble or see a movie in peace.The theater itself isn't bad. It's actually quite large. It has two snack stands, the one further in even offers seating with tables and chairs. The theaters are clean. They offer 3D movies here as well. On my recent visit with my father and my brother we watched The Hobbit at my father's urging. We did not get to experience the 3D version so I can only comment on the normal version. There were no problems with the movie playing and the sound was good. We did order popcorn and service was a bit hectic because we were there when they just opened their doors.Overall it's an okay theater. I would not go out of my way to come here unless the movie time coincided with the conditions to see the movie, which it did this time.
4	They have kettlecorn here! Mm mm, delicious. I know that the movie theater here at Orleans is not one of the top contenders for movie showings anymore, but I am still a fan of this place. I had forgotten about how big it is until I was here a few times recently. There is a huge concession stand in the back going towards different rooms that is typically not open because there are not enough patrons. Big enough to have its own tables and chairs though! With a bathroom conveniently located nearby. We watched some movies that were recently released and the theater was not packed at all. Everyone could comfortably spread out and enjoy the movie even though the seats were not as cushy as newer theaters.The people who sell the movie tickets themselves looked like they hated their lives until we walked up to purchase the tickets. They were probably just really bored. The concession stand workers are always helpful and again, kettlecorn! I love kettlecorn! I have to salt these because they're sweet. If you happen to be nearby and the show time coincides with your preferred time, don't hesitate to drop in.
5	I loved it here Its really clean and the staff is great . if you go during the week the place is virtually empty .
3	Came here on a weekday to a movie and this place is not bad considering it is one of the order casino and it is not on the strip.  It seems to be maintained pretty well.  I went to one of the smaller theater since I was watching a older movie and I must say that the seats were pretty comfortable.  I love how the seats recline maybe about 10 degrees or so.
5	Love being able to watch a movie or gamble all in same casino
4	$5 Movie Tuesday's!Yay! So this theater is not at all fancy and the chairs are not even comfy BUT I cannot pass up a 5$ movie!!It is located on the 2nd floor of the Orleans and once you arrive up the escalators you take a left to purchase your tickets and across to the snack area. This snack area is neat because you can actually use the fountain to get your own drink as well as choosing your own candy! Pretty schweet!The theaters are perfect temperatures and the seats kinda suck bc theyre old and whatnot but I'll live! The screen is curved so sit like 8 rows up towards the center. Again, this isnt the Galaxy Luxury, but its cheap and low key which I love!
3	Great place to break up the hustle and bustle of Vegas. Clean theaters and friendly staff.
3	Every year, for as long as I can remember, I catch a movie around the holidays. This year, I caught Keanu Reeve's latest flick - 47 Ronin at the Orleans, in Las Vegas.It's an older theater but it's part of the property to allow families to have something to do other than gamble. The seats could have used a sprucing up, but the heating and sound system were in working order - so no complaints from me. Typical concessions and typical concession prices. I'm spoiled on luxury theaters so every regular theater I visit, will always be okay to worse, in comparison.
5	** Tuesday's from 8 AM - 11:55 PM Century Theaters offer $5 movies. The South Point Theaters and XD and The Century Orleans. Both located in each prospective casino on the second floor. **I have been here a few times since the casino is not far from us, and both times it was quiet. We've never tried coming here on a Tuesday night so tonight we did. We downloaded the Cinemark app on our Galaxy Note II's.
4	I've only seen two movies at this theater and maybe it's because the theaters where I live are just small but these theaters were huge! there were so many rows in the theater I was in. when you walk to the elevators for the rooms they have a display of which movies are playing and their times during the day so you don't have to walk all the way to the theater. Which was pretty convenient.Tickets didn't seem that pricy to me, it was only a few cents more than what I'm used to so nothing new.Th workers at the concession stand were nice but kind of slow at getting the food but nothing to get annoyed at really.only bad thing was when I was watching a movie, the guy, who just happened to sit right behind me with all of the other empty seats, started to fall asleep and snore. I was more entertained than annoyed but I'm not taking a star away because of that.
2	$5.50 for a large soda & NO REFILL!!!!! I get it unlimited refills won't fly but none....not even a discount for a refill???? No sign either??? In case you haven't noticed refills are the industry norm.
4	I came here for a special showing of "Driving Miss Daisy" - a one day special film.  I had been here many years ago, but with so many theatres within a few miles of home, I don't have to drive to the Orleans.The theatre was very nice.  Everything was clean.  The elevator by the escalators made it easy for my wife to get to the second floor.The seats were comfortable but they weren't reclining ones.  The box office woman was quite polite and efficient.I would come back if another special showing came up and it was only available at the Century Orleans 18.
1	Worse experience ever! The supervisor was very rude and condescending! I took my 14 yrs old brother to watch 22 Jump Street (rated R) and the manager did not allow it whatsoever, even though I am his guardian! I have never had such terrible experience, even more so treated horribly by the manager. I am 23 years old and it was completely unprofessional the way she handled it. I have not had any problem going into other movie theatre watching rated R movies with my brother except this one. Will never come back to this place again.
2	Seats are a big thing to me. Who wants to sit in an uncomfortable chair for 2 hours? Not this girl. So I appreciate the arms that move and the cushioning the chairs provided. The staff was friendly and the sound was good.One thing I didn't like? The fact that the air was on low or nonexistent most of the movie. We are in Vegas! It gets hot in this city! Most people go to the movies to escape the heat! So why in the world would they not have that blasting? Or at least slightly cooler than room temperature? That made my movie-going experience not as enjoyable as I would've hoped.Prices are $10.25 for adults after 6pm so the fact that I was somewhat stifling for cool air while having to pay that much it was no bueno. But I give it 2 stars instead of one because it wasn't filthy and the staff and chairs were decent. If they get that air part fixed I'm sure I could be more generous with my rating.
4	solid movie theater, recently renovated and standard city prices.  if you get wiped out in the casino, ask for a movie ticket comp!
5	My husband and I are limited on date nights.. Just to enjoy a one on one adult conversation w/o little ones repeating any of it.. And enjoying a cold one or enjoying a nice sit down restaurant.. We just discovered the Orleans Hotel And Casino.. Our little one is dropped off at a fun zone area with adult supervision... With games, video games, play area, and arts and craft.. If he gets hungry or wants a snack he just asks them and they provide it, not expensive at all... While mom and dad enjoy a rated R movie on Thursdays they have a big discount on popcorn w/ players card and we purchased the big red cup that you only pay $3 refills on any drink.. What can I say we like to treat our selfs once a week at least well worth it for a happy family.. I forgot to mention there theater is huge we haven't had any problems hearing other people around or cell phones screens going on and off they make sure to repeat that over and over during previews.. :) happy campers!!!
4	We were told by our friends that in order to avoid traffic on the way home to LA from Vegas one has to leave before 10am or after 7pm. We had just finished with an epic weekend of rock climbing and wanted to head home, but we looked at the traffic and it seems like our friends were right, the maps on our iPhones were lit up with red. To pass the time we decided to catch a flick. The movie "Interstellar" was on our must watch list, as I'm a huge Christopher Nolan fan and we are both science nerds and appreciate scientific accuracy in combination with art and entertainment. The movie theatre is located in the Orleans casino. You can park anywhere and there will be signs to direct you to the theatre, which is located on the second floor. Just outside of the theatre is a cool game room where families can play for carnival type tickets and prizes. Very enticing for families and young ones to stop and spend a few bucks here before or after the movie. The seats in the theatre were nice and comfy, the place was clean; and I appreciated the fact that after the movie was over, the attendants waited until we left before coming in to tidy up. I especially appreciated the fact because I was immobile in my seats covered in tears and still in awe of the movie. I'm grateful they let me have my moment before I gathered my things and headed out in the other direction of the employees because I was kinda embarrassed to be in such a state. Thanks guys for your discretion! I loved the professionalism your staff displayed.
3	Upstairs above the slot machines and indoor smoking is the movie theater at the Orleans- it's dated but let's get real, a movie on a giant screen is a movie on a giant screen. I love that even during holiday weekends (typically a major movie-going time), they're not very busy. The adjacent arcade ain't bad either.Concessions here are priced high, just like they are at every theater. Ticket prices are average: $10.50/adult, no matinee pricing on weekends (that parts BS, actually).
1	The old lady ticket taker at the door is so mean to my daughter and upset her.  How hard it is to greet and take a ticket ! Why can't we stroll around while waiting for the movie to start. She make us feel small, like we broke some rule. Geeze, get a life lady, it's a movie theater. I would like to be able to walk where I like and eating my popcorn and see all the posters !
