2	So 2 weeks ago I decided to take 2 Suits to have them altered and dry cleaned. The experience was great and the price was reasonable. Last week, I took 2 more suits to be done and they charge me $40 extra for the same work. I think they do great work but pricing is "fly by the seat of your pants" and I will not be back. I guess it was worth walking a customer over $40 profit. When I complained and all they said was "next time I'll give you a better discount". Yeah right, I don't do "Next time"... I will take my business to somewhere else.... PS. they are getting 2 stars because the suits turned out great. The pricing took it from 4 stars to 2 and a my recommendation to avoid this business is based on their lack of concern over my pricing concerns.
1	Absolute ripoff.  I took 3 shirts in and they charged me 19.47.  I'll never go back.  That's what I get for not checking yelp first.
5	I take all of my cleaning here, they always get everything right. They have gotten stains out that less cleaners gave up on. They will take competitors coupons. They are incredibly friendly. What's not to like? Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	This place likes to rip people off!  The first time they do your work is great!  Good price and excellent work. Then you go back the SECOND time, and that's when they getcha!  Took 3 dresses there for pressing ONLY and they tried to charge me $80!!!!   They said they didn't hear me say pressing only and dry cleaned them so they wanted to charge me.   Umm...I don't THINK so!   You're mistake, you eat it!  When I argued with them, they finally lowered the price, but told me that  I needed to be nicer!!!  Excuse me??   You need to get your ears checked and listen to your customers!  Never again!
5	I've been a customer at The Cleaners since 2010.  Their prices are reasonable; and you have a choice of same day service (if in by 9:00 a.m.) or their always reliable next day service.  My clothes are always nicely hung, well pressed.  I've been to several cleaners throughout the valley and none can compare.  I just don't see going anywhere else.  Ask about their discount special.  Their full-service drive thru is an added bonus; you don't have to even get out of your car.
