4	Mark was prompt and very professional.  He explained the process he was going to use to clean the tile and carpet.  He was careful about keeping everything clean and afterwards helped dry the tile so that I could walk around easily in the house without getting it dirty or tracking the water around.  Would highly recommend!
5	Mark was professional, prompt and thorough.  I would recommend his services for both carpets and tile.  Very competitive, our carpets have never been so clean!
5	very professional and courteous. prices were fair and he did a great job
5	A great job at a fair price!  Mark even passed up dessert with his family to come back out and do an extra enzyme treatment while the carpet was still wet.  You don't get customer service like this anymore!
5	We can't believe what GCS Carpet Cleaning did for our rental property carpets.  We were planning on having to tear them out and spend thousands to replace...but not now.  They look brand new, fresh and clean!!  Mark was fast, efficient and very professional...highly recommend GCS!
3	Gcs was quick to respond when I contacted them to set up an appointment. They arrived on time and did a fair job. My only issue with them was that before I contacted them I visited the website to be sure that they serviced my area. According to the site, they did. Therefore I proceeded with purchasing a Groupon for the service. However, when I contacted them they said that they would charge me extra for travel. I was already locked in and couldn't return the voucher so I was stuck paying the extra. I wish the website had indicated that there were additional fees based on location.
5	Best carpet cleaning of my life!Very thorough and doesn't try any upsell at all.  He pre-treats what needs to be pre-treated, rakes it into the carpet, then pre-treats again on top before extracting.  I have had several less than positive experiences with carpet cleaners over the years.  Mark arrived 5 minutes early and was ready to go to work.  He explained the process and got stains out from my traffic areas that no other companies had been able to do before.  He also answered all of my questions about keeping the carpet clean, and why the previous cleanings caused more harm than good.  GCS will be my carpet cleaner for life.  Five stars.
5	I've had mark come out twice to service my home in the 2 years we rented it. He did an excellent job!! I will use Mark again!
5	Wow thus guy is great! I called around to find anyone who could do my carpet same day. Mark answered his phone and was so pleasant and able. He got to my house at 4:00 on time. I was unsure what I needed at first, but he walked through and let me know. He did the 4 bedrooms in under an hour. The carpets were cleaner then when we moved in!! He was so great and the price could not be beat for the quality. I will definitely use Mark in my new home and would highly recommend you do too.
5	GCS is what customer service should be. I would highly recommend this company to anyone looking for a carpet cleaner. Mark is fast and reliable and he does a great job. And on top of that, one of the nicest and most straight forward people you'll ever do business with. Mark has vouchers on Groupon and Amazon local quite often but do him a favor and call him directly for a quote. Odds are he will offer you the same great rate that you'd get buying from those places, and he won't have to give 50% of it off the top. Good businessmen like him deserve all the profit.
5	I would totally recommend Mark from GCS Cleaning services. He did a great job at a reasonable price. I am happy with his service and would recommend him to my friends.
5	Excellent customer service, excellent carpet cleaning, excellent experience. We needed carpet cleaning ASAP and they got us in within a few days of our phone call. Friendly and courteous, they worked with our schedule, which helped a ton. We had a stain that we thought would never come out - glad we were proved wrong! The price? Extremely reasonable. We were pleasantly surprised and have already boasted to friends about the service we received at the cost we paid. Will use them again!
5	I would recommend GCS Carpet cleaning to anyone not only for their carpet cleaning but their Air Duct cleaning. They are honest and very reliable. When they came to my house early arriving 15 minutes early and they did a great job. They explained all of my options with out being pushy and salesy. Over all great customer experience and excellent customer service!!!
5	Mark was awesome in finding a time that he could fit us in so last minute.  He was even a little early for our appointment.  He did a great job, our carpets look almost new! His prices are very reasonable and when it comes to a reliable trustworthy businessman, I would recommend Mark!  We will definitely being using him again in the future!
5	Mark was very responsive and was able to squeeze me into his schedule for air vents to be done and tile and grout service. He did a great job and was friendly & hard working.
5	I called   GCS last minute. Mark was able to come that day  Which was a relief since I was having company the next day. . He cleaned my carpets  to perfection  He   Wasn't there all day, It didn't take forever  for  The  carpet to dry.   Great  Job GCS!!
5	I had a small problem, but the owner personally stepped in an addressed it promptly. I appreciated that he personally called me and worked diligently to make the situation right. This company stands behind its work and will make every effort to make sure its customers are happy. My fiancee is happier now that the carpet is clean because her allergies don't bother her anymore.
5	GCS was great. I had a very good experience. He was very polite & was in and out in less than 45 minutes...... And my carpets looked new again by the time he was done. I highly recommend GCS!!
5	For lack of better words.. My carpets were GROSS after living at my apartment for nearly 2 years. I gave Mark a call to schedule cleaning to be done prior to my move-out walk through. Well the service was just performed and I now consider Mark to be some sort of miracle worker. The Carpets not only looked brand new, but smelled amazing as well. Not only did he exceed my expectations, but he was also 15-minutes early to the appointment, called to discuss options prior to beginning the service, as well as called after to let me know how everything went. He was extremely professional and I would recommend him to anyone and everyone who needs carpet cleaning. I actual now consider him to be a carpet cleaning God!
5	There are not enough words to describe how wonderful it was to deal with Mark at GCS. We had another company out to clean our carpets after a remodel and they made the carpets worse than before. We looked at the GCS Yelp reviews and asked Mark to come out quickly so we wouldn't have to move all the furniture back in and out again. He fit us into his schedule within one day and we are so grateful he did. He called to say he was on his way and showed up exactly on time as promised. He not only explained what he saw as the issues with the other provider's work, but took the time to call him so that he had a full understanding of what was previously done. He then set our expectations as to how the carpets would look when he was done and delivered a quality job. Fast, professional, conscientious, caring, polite, meticulous only begins to tell the story.  I look forward to passing his name on with every opportunity.
5	GCS came in and did an amazing job cleaning our carpets. They were in serious need of cleaning and actually came out better than I expected! Even in the heavy traffic areas. I will definitely have them back for future cleanings and highly recommend them to anyone looking for the best cleaning possible. Friendly, fast and very thorough.
5	It is refreshing to find a company with such great customer service and excellent quality work! GCS transformed our carpets, and I was impressed with their attention to detail. I also love their eco friendly products and soft water rinse. Our carpets look new again, and I can rest assured that my babies aren't inhaling dangerous chemicals from the cleaning products. They even had a follow up call to make sure we were satisfied. It's the little things like that that keep customers coming back. I highly recommend them!
5	I just had the absolute best service!   I called last minute and was able to be fit in same day!  My carpet was so bad I was embarrassed to even have someone come out.  I am just amazed with the customer service as well as the work!  Thank you! thank you! thank you!
5	GCS Carpet is everything you want in a business servicing your home.. Mark is phenomenal...professional, thorough, and offers great customer service!  I used him thru a Living Social coupon... My needs were for area carpets, which he was able to accommodate at an affordable price.  My carpets are cleaner than they ever were... and they were done just in time for company, as he was able to squeeze me in!  I would definitely employ the services of this company again, knowing they could be trusted.
5	Hard to believe carpets can be restored like new...but it's true.  Mark did an amazing job on my rental property.  I was ready to install new carpet until Mark performed wonders.  I highly recommend GCS Carpet & Tile Cleaning...friendly, on time, reliable, and amazing outcome!  You will not be disappointed!!
