5	L'Artisan Piandineria is a well kept secret of Montreal. Walking by, you might never guess that inside is a small italian sandwich shop, started by a gentleman from Italy (Napoli region). The types of sandwiches are a unique style that I have never even heard about. In fact, I'm not even sure if there's an english translation for the word, Piandineria. But, if there is, I'm sure it's something along the lines of "the most delicious sandwich-style meal possible". The Prosciutto is sliced right on the spot and you can see all the fresh ingredients added in right in front of your eyes. The kind (and patient) owner/chef is always willing to help explain the concept of various items and speaks French, Italian, some German, and just a little bit of basic English. L'Artisan Piandineria will always have my vote as the top place to grab a unique, delicious lunch that will fill you up and feeling satisfied, without feeling over-stuffed.
4	Stumbled upon this tiny place. Happy I did. Friendly people, tasty sandwiches. Great find.
3	I'm not sure we were in desperate need of a piadineria in this town (we can hardly get pizza right), but such is life in Montreal.  You can't always get what you want, but, if you try sometimes, you just might find you get a piadina--an artisanal one, at that.What is a piadina?  Well, as you you might have gathered from some of the other reviews, it's a flatbread native to Naples and environs.  It's cooked up fresh on a griddle and is then used to envelop some savoury fillings (meat, cheese, greens, etc.)--kind of like an Italian wrap.  L'Artisan Piadineria has too many toppings, too many options, for my liking.  Scale back the menu and go with straight-up hits, would be my advice to the management.  My advice to you is to go with one of the daily specials.  Also, think juicy.  The flatbread itself is pretty dry.  It benefits from a choice of fillings that is going to be both a tasty and a juicy combination.  Unfortunately, many of the options on the menu aren't going to deliver on that promise, but, then again, many others will.  Our best bet was a super juicy sausage number that was called the Napoli, or the Neapolitan, or something like that.  We figured it had to be good, given the provenance of the piadina, and it was.
