5	This is a note to say thank you to the delta representative named Brenda P..You seriously saved my ass yesterday. I had just been told by enterprise to go screw myself and sleep on the streets when you were able to rebook me without charging me on the next mornings flight and gave me assurances that even tho i lost my wallet I would still be able to get on the airplane. You took a really bad situation and turned it around and saved my butt...Delta came a long way in my book and it wont be forgotten.
3	My only experience with Delta at LAS airport was at the gate 2 weeks ago. My friend and I were upgraded to first class, and by the time we got to the gate, the boarding for first class already happened.  My friend and I stood in the "red carpeted" area, behind a first class businessman passenger. This passenger told the gate agent that he had a first class ticket and asked when his turn would be to board, but the gate agent snapped at the passenger and said, "We are NOT boarding first class right now."  My past experiences traveling first class on other airlines is that if a first class passenger arrives during economy class boarding, they are supposed to be let on.  I understand that the gate agent wanted to finish up the seating of that particular boarding group number, but he really shouldn't have snapped like that!  Then on my flight, snacks were being served.  I asked the flight attendant if snacks were going to be served, and he told me abruptly in a rude tone, "Can you please wait?" I was just asking a simple yes/no question, but he seemed really pissy.Granted this flight was early in the evening, and the gate agent and flight attendant were probably working towards their end of their work-shift.  This is my own speculation of why they were somewhat rude/snappy... but I shall only guess.  However, I will still fly with Delta despite the disappointment in customer service from these 2 individuals since they offer cheap flights at the (possible) cost of poor customer service.
3	Delta @ McCarren is small with no SkyClub. Good service for a commuter flight and baggage on and off is fairly quick.
4	I've been flying Delta from the time I was little. My family and I used to travel a lot, and the staff was so friendly. From the flight attendants to the pilot, I always felt so welcomed on Delta flights. I'll freely admit that the coach seats are no where near as comfortable as first class, but hey! Every airline in the history of airlines is like that. I also am grateful for the wi-fi available on every Delta flight. It makes working (under a tight and/or last minute schedule) so much less stressful. It is also helpful if you get bored; what better to do on a four-hour flight than surf the Internet, or access your Itunes account to keep you occupied? Pets are also welcomed on Delta flights, and are treated just as specially as the guests themselves... OK maybe I'm exaggerating, but they are treated well. I am overall pleased with Delta's hospitality, but when I was younger, they used to serve food on longer flights, apart from the traditional peanuts and "biscotti" cookies. It would be an improvement to the overall experience of flying. If you have an earlier flight, you may be able to eat a light breakfast, if you have a late flight, you may have a scrumptious dinner. I know for children, it would make a world of difference. No more whining, no more kicking peoples' seats, and no more fussiness overall. I think Delta overall is a great airline to fly with, but I would recommend eating something first if you haven't had breakfast, lunch, or dinner. :)
1	Extremely poor service and not helpful at all!! My wife and i just spent the past 2 weeks on our honeymoon and Delta has done its best to make sure we NEVER use their services again.  What spells romantic is 2 flights next to the toilet and the final flight my wife and i wont be sitting next to each other!! So romantic!! DELTA: helping other airlines stay in business!!
2	Doesn't Ever Leave The AirportDELTA
4	I have had the privilege of flying Delta the last couple times I've flown and wow, every time I fly Delta I get more impressed. Checking in to Delta is super easy, it is the first check in as you go up the stairs after you take a shuttle over. The bag fees are reasonable if you don't go the carry-on route. While there is a charge, they offer WIFI on the flight now, which is pretty cool. They still hook you up with free beverages ( coffee, pop, juice or water) and a snack, I recommend the delta cookie. On my departing flight they showed Battleship on some over head tv screens which helped pass the time. On my return flight, the seats were equipped with individual tv screens with satellite tv.  I watched a couple movies on FX and was on the ground ready to return to rush hour traffic and construction in Metro Detroit in no time. I'm so flying Delta from now on. Even thinking about joining there sky club.
4	Hassle Free Flying. Basically take everything Allegiant Air does wrong, correct it, add in better planes with better routes and you get Delta, especially when flying out of McCarran. Flying with a pet? it's pricey, but they have a genuine concern for the well being and safe carriage of your pet.Overall, I have received prompt, accurate and friendly customer service, and other than the high ticket price for pets, I have no complaints.
4	Dear Delta. You were late or at least your affiliate was. But I'm not going to complain as it gave me more time with someone whom I didn't want to leave. The flight from LAS to LAX was almost 2 hours late. But once the transfer was made at LAX your pilot seriously kicked it up and he arrived on time. I can't ask for more than that. 4 Stars...for making an Airbus A320 haul *** across America last night on a coast to coast flight. (They actually arrived 20 min ahead of schedule!)
1	If I could give Delta Airlines a ZERO for stars I would. I purchase a one way flight to Vegas. I have a connecting flight with Allegiant air, a different airline, right after I land in Vegas. The Delta flight has mechanical issues that hold us back an hour. I miss my flight on Allegiant, that doesn't leave again for FOUR days. My Allegiant air flight is now forfeited, and I'm out $220. Delta won't offer anything in a form of customer service to help cover my loss or get me to my destination without charging the FULL same day rate. Even though missing my flight was THEIR FAULT!! I now have to spend an additional $700 for a one way ticket to finish my trip! The customer service people were nice however, it was all 'legally we can't to do this and sadly we can't do that and sorry, we're not responsible for that. You will have to go online and see if the customer service there will help you. We can't do that here at a local airport'. What a sham!! Never ever go on Delta. You get cramped seating, and they don't care about making  sure you get where your supposed to go on time or in at least treat you in a fair and considerate manner if they are at fault for causing problems.
4	SJU to Las Vegas One stop in Atalanta on time. Las Vegas to SJU One stop in Atlanta on time. Thank you!
2	My flight was delayed for more than 30 minutes due to bad weather. It was not too bad now I think about it. But it was pretty bad when I was actually in the situation. You can tell people were all annoyed as we got off the plane: people stopped waiting around for other people who needed connections first and just all tried to rush off the plane all at once.Still, the delay did not top my experience of stuck on a 10-hour oversee flight with a baby crying next to me the whole time, read my story here:http://www.yelp.com/biz/delta-air-lines-seattle-2#hrid:OQbgHg6wQHSGT9t9M1YH2Q
3	Delta is really my only choice when I'm flying out to Ohio. It's at least the choice my travel department always makes for me.  Because I never see the bill when I travel to Columbus, it's tough for me to review them poorly.  Giving Delta just an average rating for the following reasons;1.  Poor Seating:  There's minimal room on these planes and if you're sitting in the middle, good luck with that.  As we speak, I'm on the plane right now smack in middle.  Arms getting sore just typing this review out on my iPad.2.  Ventilation: I know, most planes have poor air flow.  But it's ridiculously stuffy up in here.  3.  No food, at least with sustenance.  I remember back in the day everyone got boxed meals on these flights.  Good thing I packed two meals.4.  Layovers:  Probably not Delta's issue.  But it seems like I have the worst layover every time I fly out east.  Nothing is worse than flying 4 hours, stop somewhere for an hour, then take another hour to fly to your final destination.  Works a lot better if I just had a direct flight.Some Good:1.  Always made it to my destination safe.2.  Wifi is cheaper than most flights. $10 for 3 hours, $17 for all day.3.  Nice employees.  I once even shared a Starbucks with one of them during these layovers.
4	I do not fly Delta often, but I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised and have no complaints.  All my flights along this trip were on time, and service was wonderful.
1	Actually I don't even wanna give a star!!I was in airport before 45 mins, and I checked in the system before 45 mins but becoz system lag or jam, it make me delay .And due to their policy, my flight be cancelled, they don't allow me to get inside the airport. And they don't even care... What a heartless company and evil staffs... Well training...well training!!
1	NO STARS.Their check-in staff is beyond RUDE.  I wish I took the little miserable Filipino lady's name before I left.  Also the miserable fat lady that accompanied her.  They treated every customer terribly.  I couldn't believe Delta Airlines allowed this type of service.Their "e-confirmation check-in" service is flawed.Everyone that checked in on their mobile devices and used their economically friendly way of checking in by showing their phones instead of using a physical ticket had their tickets CANCELED! I was with a few other customers that had the same issue.  We were one hour early, but because they didn't know how to help us, it led to automatic cancellations.  That wasn't the bad part. It was their customer service, or lack of.  The lady at the desk was beyond rude.  She did not offer any solutions or even a slight sign of sympathy or concern.  The ticketing issue was their fault, and they had plenty of time to help at least 4 other people, but chose not to.  This led to customers sleeping at the airport terminals for hours hoping for an opening on the next few flights.  The experience was unreal.  I fly through this airport for business and vacationing numerous times a year and have never experienced this type of horror.  When I refused to walk away after they told me my ticket was canceled they threatened to call security.  I literally walked away in tears of frustration and watched them do the same to the other people that were robbed.Their flight crew were great though.  They tried their best to squeeze me on a flight and the girl that worked at the gate was very sweet and professional to everyone bombarding her with questions.
3	Seems as if I have been taking Delta Airlines more often to Las Vegas lately than my usual go-to airline Jet Blue. It just seems to me that they have a better overall schedule of flights, prices are reasonable compared to Jet Blue, and a big sell to me is that wifi is available on their planes. Jet Blue still does not have wifi. Sure, the seats on Delta are a bit smaller and not as comfy as Jet Blue, but not bad overall.   Wifi on a long flight from NYC helps pass the time when heading to Vegas. Screens at each seat with both tv and music selections to keep you entertained. Some of the older planes don't have in-flight entertainment so that's why having wifi is a godsend during long flights. On-board crews are usually very nice. Pretty quick deboarding and luggage pickup. I have never had any problems with Delta so far and consider myself lucky. Only major drawback is that they have no Delta Sky Clubs at the Las Vegas airport as they do at JFK, and the free snacks selection on Delta is totally lame compared to Jet Blue. Get with the program Delta! They do have food/snack packages to purchase though, but I'd rather get it for free, so better off bringing your own on board.  One other thing, avoid the middle seats like the plague. Book early and get an aisle or window. Middle seats suck big time!
1	Holly stinky plane! JFK LAS flight smelled like sewage and floor was all wet in first class cabin. I guess that is welcome aroma for free upgrade wannabe first class's travelers? Crew was really awesome and did everything possible (putting blanket on wet floor), but isn't it bad for plane's floor to be WET???After 5 hr flight, getting out of that smelly plane was...refreshing, to say the least. Of course I didn't get upgrade on the way home, but I had no complaint.
1	THIS IS A REVIEW FOR THE SERVICE FOR UNATTENDED CHILDRENMy children were traveling as unattended minors. Delta did very poor in assisting with my children. Totally different from what the booking agent explained. The contracted agent made my children miss their connecting flight & Delta never notified me that they were being booked on a later flight. Thank God my daughter had a cell phone to let me know that her and her little brother were being booked on flights arriving 2 hrs later to their destination. They never received the food they requested on the flight despite my daughter asking the flight attendent for sandwiches for her & her brother. They did receive water, ginger ale and pretzels. The flight attendent made it clear to me and my husband that children can order whatever they want for free. The Flight Attendent didnt assist with my air sick child. My other child and a seatmate helped. I Called Corporate and nothing was done. Brett @ Corporate offered a voucher but said unless my child was sent to another city, that's the only way I would get my money back. He stated yes, they do care for passengers but Delta is in the business of making money. I accepted the voucher once he stated I had one last chance to make up my mind to accept it or he would hang up. We are a Military family who trusted our kids with you on their first unattended flight and I'm terrified for them to return. I know it does not matter to Delta losing a customer but my family will no longer be customers!!!!
4	Im a fan. Delta takes good care of me. I have been a loyal customer for years. Close to 1 million miles. The counter is easy to get in and out of. I just recommend that you get there early. The lines at security are long.
1	This was the worst customer service I've EVER experienced!!! The ladies at the gate were VERY rude and not helpful at all when I had to check my bag. Then we boarded and sat on the plane for an hour waiting for take off with no offers for beverages, etc.
2	I was thinking about calling myself spoiled for having flown only Jet Blue and (mostly) Virgin America for the past 5 years, but in comparison this Delta flight was just as expensive only way more bush league. I'm gonna bullet point this one, bc I'm just too annoyed to piece this together...-Old ass planes-Silly boarding policy. Why make the 'Zone' system, if you call them all 10 seconds apart and then everyone stands around in the walkway. -Overhead entertainment. Bless you if you can pay attention to a movie on a 13 inch screen that's 6 feet away.-Wifi...but no outlets. Vegas is 5.5 hours from NY. So, like, half the time you can rock the net.-0 leg room (check my pic)-Bathroom door didn't lock-The tray table was on an angle and my lappy kept slipping on to me.-We're still doing the peanuts and pretzels thing??? Zzzzzzz. Food options were weak. The whole thing seems like it hasn't changed since '86. Get it together, Delta.
1	Figured I'd write a little reviewskies about the way home on my trip. I'll keep it simple... - The zone thing happened again. Getting stuck in the jetway for 10 min stiiiinks- Gogo internet, the only modern improvement on this plane, went down 10 min into the flight. $20 and hours of gchats down the drain. - The pilot comes on and makes 4 announcements...1. 'We're going to be on the runway for 35 min' (not Delta's fault)2. 'Oh, we're missing a part to the plane and we need to document this. We'll be good to go when we get the log book back' (Please put the part back on)3. 'There was a luggage mix-up and we're not sure what's on the plane right now' (Please put ma luggage on the plane)4. 'Well, we got the log book back, but it seems like we have only half of the fuel to get to Las Vegas. Not sure how we made that error and we don't want to land short of LV. We'll get all fueled up and leave asap.' (Yes, enough gas to get to Vegas seems appropriate). 90 minutes later we took off. Pilot apologizes for the 'comedy of errors', but does not apologize for the Owen Wilson movie playing. Delta fail.
3	Delta is my go-to Airline, and those in Vegas are pretty cool people. Due to my being so enamoured with the slots, I nearly missed my chance to board, but with a bit of quick thinking I got in line after most of the folks were already on it.  I'd paid for the upgrade in seats, so I really didn't have an issue with leg room or baggage storage.  And since I'm a Delta/American Express card holder, I always (well, almost always )board Zone 1. I can't say I'm a fan of over night flights, but they're the lesser of the evils... When next I'm visiting Vegas, I'll likely be flying Delta again.
5	After being abused and ignored by Hawaiian, I was told by Delta's 800-number that I would not be leaving Las Vegas for 2-3 days. Now most of the time a couple of days in Vegas isn't a bad deal. But I have been on layovers and delays for two solid days. No amount of slot machines nor midget strippers will placate me. Then I met Sandra J at the Delta ticketing counter. She and I worked together and within 26 minutes she was able to find a seat for me to fly out. 2-3 days became 2-3 hours. She was incredibly helpful and professional. In this moment a sliver of hope was won for the airline industry's understanding of customer service.
3	Seemingly efficient and easy.  Boarding was simple and I didn't feel like we were cramming to find a space for our carry on baggage.The WiFi is another story - The airline allows for internet access via their free wifi on the plane, however, it does not work.
4	On the LAS - LAX run, Delta is far more convenient than Southwest.   The gate areas are better with plenty of seating even though the food offerings are sparse. Additionally,  out of LAS the upgrade situation is better and that is something Southwest doesn't offer.
3	This Delta terminal isn't bad, but it's not good either.  Three stars for having about six mostly crappy food options and well as condensed gates and a moving walkway.  Needs more power outlets and booths and everything else they have at MSP to get more stars!
3	Delta is always a solid carrier I've always received good service at the gate and on the aircraft. Some of the newer planes have nice interactive media and movies .
2	Las Vegas is not a large operation for Delta and it shows. I am elite and normally, I don't have to wait a lot for dropping my luggage before a flight. Last week, I was flying a red eye out of town and there was not a huge crowd here so it should have been smooth. However, there was a single employee at the elite desk and a line of 5-6 people there moving slowly. The regular baguage drop line had maybe 20 people waiting but three employee were operating it so it seemed to move faster and the employee there said that I "might" have faster service there. After I was about mid-way in that line, they shifted one of the employee to the elite service which then changed the math completely, yet it was to late for me to change my mind.Once I fatally got to drop my bag, the employee told me that my bag was "56 pounds" and that the limit was 50 pounds. I would have to pay an extra $100 or remove 6 pounds from it. I politely informed him that I was "silver elite" and that I was allowed one 70 pounds bag. They argue that it was not the case and needed to be "gold" or above to have 70 pounds allowed. I had done my homework before and I insisted that they checked. After about five minutes, they informed me that I was right and that their baggage system was wrong! Isn't that a basic thing to know if you work for an airline?
1	I'm a road warrior and fly 4 - 6 times a week. Delta as the airlines is great outside what I just experience with a specific Delta Rep and it's policy. I've always checked in via app (when available) and this week was no different. Since I was flying to area where they may not have a barcode reader, upon checking in I was required to print the boarding pass at the airport. Arrived at the airport and expecting to print my boarding pass. We'll guess what, if you didn't print it (even thou you already checked in) before the 45 minute cut off time, you are considered not checked in. To make it worst, I walked up to the priority line and immediately treated with a condescending attitude as if I didn't belong there (without asking who I am and my status). The Delta rep (Bonnie T.) who appears to be clueless on the computer best approach to what she doesn't know is telling someone to go somewhere else. She stared at the monitor so long, an opportunity to take the closes flight disappears with her blank gaze at the monitor. She had the nerve to tell me that it's my fault thou I already checked in and I needed to pay 750 dollars to fly. Bonnie: You are the worst representation of a rep, get some computer training and realize if it's the other way around, you would go ape sh/t.
4	Have been through the airport now multiple times! Everyone is very friendly and helpful. The biggest upside to this airport is the music! I have no idea where they get their music, but is just amazing. motown to Social D, I just groove along as I pass through.Work on the trash problem ( cans are forever overflowing) and you will get 5 stars from me!
1	Shitty service. They made me check in my bag as I was boarding the plane because it's a "small plane." Then tell me why they let everyone else go on with their giant luggage and not mine? They made me stop and step to the side because apparently I "didn't understand what they were saying." Are you guys racist?! I told them I didn't want to check it in and they wouldn't let me move until I gave them my bag. Do yourself a favor and avoid this airline at all costs.
2	Our flight from Detroit to Vegas was okay.  Space is a premium; didn't like that there were only 2 lavatories for 90% on the plane (economy class), and 2 for the 8% of first class.  Delta is guided by classism.-Had garbage from the previous flight in my seat when I arrived...open soda bottle; gross!
1	I don't like their check-in policy here... I arrived an hour and ten minutes before my flight departed, waited in line 30 minutes. When it was finally my turn, the lady at the check-in desk told me I was "too late" and they had a policy you have to check in 40 minutes before your flight... At the time she told me this, it was exactly 39 minutes to my flight's departure yet she still couldn't check me in. ...it was the last flight of the day and I was going to see my boyfriend. It was his birthday. That's why I was in line, to check his birthday present. I realize its ultimately my fault for not arriving earlier, but regardless, I don't think I'll ever fly Delta again. No other airline that flys out of Vegas has this pointless policy.
1	Worst Delta I've flown with. The average worker is not helpful to say the least. Flying with a buddy pass has never been more regretful than this joyous occasion today. Checking into an airport at 6am with intentions of being on a flight at 745 and them turning you away because they claim there are no seats but allowed others to get on as standby is ridiculous than to be told you'll get on the next on at 1040 and when boarding comes around you're then again told you have to wait until 1pm is quite frustrating. To deal with these frustrations you tell the attendant this is complete bullshit and she tells you to watch your mouth as though she's your mother... Can you see why I will never fly with delta again?
5	Can't say enough great things about Delta! Had a flight booked last October to see my brother in the Air Force, he got news he would be deployed during our visit and Delta refunded the ENTIRE flight amount! No fees no hassle! Just re booked my flight now that he's back at base - was on the phone with a rep within 5 mins, booked my flight and off the phone in 13 mins! Customer satisfaction is a priority and you can tell! Couldn't be happier! Thanks for all you do Delta!
1	Worst experience of my life me and my two travel companions were standing at our gate and were over looked at boarding so we missed our flight the guy at the desk told us they called our names and he lied to our face we were at our gate and never heard a call for any of us now none of us are sitting together on our next flight and we got coach seats when we paid for economy comfort
1	I don't know how this airline stays in business.  The employees are rude, argumentative, unknowledgeable, and generally unhelpful.  Our flight from Las Vegas to WA was fairly standard, though trying to get a stewardess to attend to me was nearly impossible, the real issues began when we were departing from AK.  It turns out that Delta had cancelled our original departing flight and rescheduled us however they failed to notify us of any change.  When we called, extremely upset as you can imagine, they acted as if it was no big deal and how dare we be upset.  The return flights were no better; stewardesses were gossiping about how this one pilot was a drunk and this one guy she knew got a worm in his eye from his trip to Mexico.  The final straw was when the stewardess placed a bag of garbage on my lap while she was reaching over to get the cup of the gentleman seated to my far right.  This airline will never have my business again even if they are the last airline in service (which I can't believe would ever be the case).
1	HORRIBLE!!! My flight back to LA was inexplicably "canceled" and I was rebooked on a flight to Salt Lake City and then another one to LA without even asking, meaning I'd be arriving home 8 hours later than I was meant to. When I spoke to the lady at the gate she was unapologetic and rude. Never again Delta!!!!
4	I have flown in a couple of airlines and by far Delta has the friendliest and most helpful staff. I choose to fly with them every time even if their seats arent as spacious as Jet Blue (another favorite) Last month when I flew with them I arrived late to check in (my fault -i'm not from new york and their traffic is killer - still my fault i was late) anyway.. They allowed me to take my luggage through security and they checked it in at the gate and they were very helpful and got me through the speedy security screeening. On the flight home to Vegas they moved me to the economy comfort seat and was treated to free alcoholic drinks cause the card swiper wasnt working. I dont get free stuff all the time but they are always very calm and dont yell or scorn you and they look for solutions to help you out.
1	Fly anybody but Delta.i live in Hawaii, my son is active military in Virginia. I bought him a flight home for Christmas last Sept. His grandmother hasn't seen him in years. upon checking in at ORF Delta agent says he must physically show the credit card I purchased his tickets with. Since when can't someone buy airline tickets for some one else? Right there on Delta.com where I purchased these tickets it asks for name of passenger if not you.Delta says this is policy/it's random/it's for fraud protection. WE HAVE THE SAME LAST NAME! A Fulton flying via a Fulton purchase!!It's 2:30 AM Hawaii time. Delta want s me to take my C.C. to the airport and show a Delta agent. It's 2:30 AM. Delta doesn't show up at their counter till 11AM.  WTF???Its Policy/It's Random/IT SUCKS!!My son had to re-buy his ticket, thank goodness he had the money.Delta now has over $2800 of ours, and says they'll refund my money in "7-10 working days".Delta was rated the #1 worst customer service of ALL airlines. I know agree 100%.NEVER Never EVER fly Delta
5	Incredible. Boarded quickly, arrived early. Kind and friendly staff. Would have been better if they had chocolate chip cookies instead of whatever cookies they did have, but that's just a personal preference lol.
