5	I believe Hungry Howies was started in Michigan, which is close to my heart, so already this little pop-in-and-pick-up pizza joint rates high on my list.Free flavored crust, all the regular pizza toppings, wings, cheese bread, calzones, salads...HH has it all.  Not a dine-in restuarant, you'll want to have this pie delivered or have your bf pick it up.  I've never had a bad meal from here, or waited longer than normal to have it delivered.  Always friendly highschool/college kids working the counter, clean, accurate with orders.  Who can ask for more from a pizza place?
5	FOOD: One of the best places to get a quick pizza! Perfect cheese:sauce:bread ratio, and you get to flavor your crust. My favorite is garlic herb, it literally makes me sit back and release a Neanderthal grunt of "mmmmm." Other flavor crusts are good too, like Parmesan cheese. A medium is enough for one guy, but I have been able to down a whole large to myself (not a good idea). PRICE: Sadly, Howies is wayyy too expensive for take-out/delivery pizza parlor. Be sure to use the coupons they send out everywhere to find a good deal. If I didn't get coupons, I wouldn't eat at Howies because it's too expensive for a simple pizza. ATMOSPHERE: Don't eat at Howies, take it to go or get delivery. SKINNY: I get Howies almost every week! It is THE place to get pizza on week nights, but only on the day that has a huge discount coupon.
4	This is my pizza delivery place when I need something QUICK and reliable.  I love all their flavored crusts and the baked subs are delicious.  This isn't spectacular pizza that is going to change your life, but it is tasty and they deliver FAST and we have never had an order be incorrect.  Try the garlic crust, yum.
3	This place is overpriced, has bad customer service, and under cooks its Hot Wings. The pizza I had was mediocre at best!
5	Five bucks for a large pizza?  Pretty good deal, even if its size is a bit more more "medium" than "large."  I love the original crust (though they have a lot of yummy-sounding flavored crusts).  Another thing I like is that it seems like it's the only pizza in town (Scottsdale) that isn't "thin" crust.   Delicious!   Five stars!
3	Had this place on my To Do List for some time now.....finally decided to pop in for lunch.  I ordered a "well done" Small Veggie w/Butter Cheese Crust (Tomatoes, Mushrooms, Onions, Olives, Green Peppers, $9.99).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sNQ5ZaDneM31V6Qe_19d9g?select=XoGDsNgUlrK9Wb3P_pur2Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sNQ5ZaDneM31V6Qe_19d9g?select=kqpEk-9H_AngZpHMgGE8ewhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sNQ5ZaDneM31V6Qe_19d9g?select=87Jca8jZku3Jb5TGzwo1jgI was curious what the Butter Cheese Crust was all about.....after I got the Pizza I realized that they brush Butter and sprinkle Parmesan Cheese on the edge of the Crust....ok, got it.  The Pizza was OK, not great.  I don't know, it didn't leave me wanting more....I know a Pizza is good when I can finish off a Small Pizza and feel like I can eat another....but this one didn't leave me with that feeling.Here's a tip....if you decide you want to dine in the restaurant, like I did, they only have 2 Liter Bottles of Soda, so if you're not in the mood to fill your bladder, bring your own drink.  Also, bring your own napkins too.....I couldn't find any in the eating area.....weirdness.Return Factor - 40%
4	$5 large one topping with flavored crusts. Quick, simple, fast. Decent pizza when you're broke, lol.
4	Although the price has gone up by a dollar fifty since I first started ordering pizzas from this location, I am too much of a fun of their variety of crusts to not order from here still. At times you may encounter some inattentive, zoned out employees behind the counter or even over the phone, but at other times, you will find an amiable employee helping you out with your order. So far, my favorite crust is the Ranch one, but if I don't order Ranch I will go with the Cajun flavor. This place is definitely worth a try!
2	I live close to this Hungry Howie's and had never been in over five years...I know know that I wasn't missing out on much. Ordered some pizzas for work today, thinking that there would be a $6 promo. My colleague gave me the little slip but failed to mention it had the dreaded "*" which stated that you needed to order 3 pizzas for that price. Somehow I managed to get two pizzas that cost me more than perhaps only a gourmet pizzeria in town. Total was $21 dollars (without tipping) for just one cheese and a pepperoni pizza. The quality was equal if not worse than the neary by Little Caesar's where their "Hot'n ready" pizzas are a much better value at $5. Not impressed by the flavor or quality and especially not the cost. I gave it two because I'd still eat it...if someone else is buying.
5	Best tasting pizza with delicious garlic crust! And all for so cheap! Mmmmm :)
1	Honestly the WORST pizza I've ever had in my life. DiGiorno's would have been better. It's like they took a cheap frozen pizza and put it in their own box. We ordered a large pepperoni with extra sauce and double cheese. There was virtually no sauce and a thin layer of cheese. And we paid $16! The cheese they use is some cheap imitation cheese. You know pizza is bad when you won't eat the leftovers the next day. Never going back.
4	Solid for the price! Wayyy better than little ceasers or dominos.
4	Great price, solid pizza, and late hours. What more could you ask for when you're looking for some grub after the bars!
4	Yummy pizza that offers both delivery and carryout. Much better than most of the other chain pizza restaurants; I despise Papa John's, Pizza Hut, etc., but Hungry Howie's is a great place to get some tasty food.
4	Really consistent food.  This was my third time ordering food for delivery and they just have what you are looking for in delivery.  Good pizza, flavored crust yummmm and it doesn't taste like cardboard!!!
1	I have always loved Hungry Howies Pizza, preferrably with a garlic crust. It has been one of my favorite fast food pizza places to order from for years now. The last two times that I have ordered from them has been nothing short of a horrible experience. The first of the last two times, I ordered a pizza and it arrived after 1.5 hours of waiting. Of course the standard is 45 minutes which I expected but I had to call at 1.5 hours to see where my pizza was, they said he was almost to my house. When the pizza arrived it was cold. It wasn't even luke warm. So I had to heat my oven to cook it  a bit longer so it was at a temperature that was edible. I called to complain to the company and all they said was sorry. They didn't offer any compensation or even a coupon for my next visit. The most recent experience was not pleasant either. I ordered a pizza and it arrived within the 45 minutes this time, however, instead of giving me my standard cheese pizza with garlic crust and ranch order... they brought me a thin crust cheese pizza and no ranch. So I drove my butt down to the pizza restaurant after calling them to complain. They replaced my pizza. They again did not bother with any compensation or even a coupon. They didn't even apologize this time. I have been a hungry howies customer for years now and after this service, I refuse to spend any more of my money or time on this business. I will be ordering from anywhere but this restaurant. I am a pizza lover and literally eat it once a week and service where they do not care about their customers is no business I wish to support.
4	Not bad for a chain meal. The breadsticks are clearly better than the pizza. Get the Howie cheese bread for 6 bucks. It is about 18 slices of cheesy goodness. The small veggie pizza was only 7 bucks and I had it with the sesame crust. Should have gotten a flavored crust, but cheese bread was flavored enough for both items. The delivery was done through my phone and arrived right around the 40 minute mark as advertised. Not bad for once every six months or so or when the craving hits.
5	Hungry howies makes consistently good pizza and we have eaten here many times because of the good quality pizza hungry howies makes.The pizza here is very inexpensive.We got a large pizza for just 9.75 with 2 toppings included. Whereas in other pizza places you get only a small for 13.00!I recommend this place for all pizza lovers. and even if you don't like pizza Hungry Howies is the best place to start liking pizza. Plus the pizza took very little time.
1	Crap. Why someone would put forth the effort to create a pizza this bad is beyond me, but they did.This is just half-assed pizza making -pure and simple.
1	I am so horribly disappointed in Hungry Howies, and after today's services I will not be ordering from Hungry Howies and I will NEVER recommend this place unless you pick up the pizza your self. Let me elaborate. I am a full time college student as well as work full time. I ordered a pizza for (breakfast/lunch) because I needed to work on my homework before I went to work for the night. I placed my order in online for delivery to same time. The wait time was expected to be 40 minutes. After waiting for an hour I called to see if the delivery person was lost, since I do live in an apartment complex. They informed me that no order for delivery was sent in... They did not offer to make my pizza and only after I was told it was my fault because I did not call in my order i received a very "whatever" apology. If I paid online with a credit card instead of using the cash option I would have lost money. So I had no time to get food from any place else, so I will go to work with out food until midnight or later. I do understand it was a technical problem and that it was not the managers fault, I do not blame him for any technical problems. However I am very upset in his "its unfortunate" demeanor and I am still shocked looking back that he didn't even try to make it right by sending out the new order.I feel defeated and extremely disappointed in the company that I always stood up for against others who said this company is "crap", because now I have nothing to defend.And I am STILL hungry!
4	Very small space. Not really meant to be a sit down and eat place. We've had pizza and the oven baked subs, both are very delicious. Friendly staff. They could clean up the tables a bit better. We come here every time we're in Scottsdale.
4	I'm not usually the type who goes into a place that is about to close but I did. I was expecting end of the night glares from the workers there but as I hurried into Howie's to pick up my order, the man behind the counter greeted me kindly. He was just finishing up my order, boxing it with care. And here I was, expecting it to be thrown in with toppings only half still on the pizza. I apologized for coming in so late and thanked him for his hard work and he told me it was no problem at all. The thing is that he really seemed to mean it. I appreciate the workers at Hungry Howie's, I appreciate the pizza I received because it was just as good as it would have been if I ordered it at 5pm. Thank you Hungry Howie's for feeding me later than I should actually be eating and being very nice about it.
1	Don't order pizza from here if you ever expect to eat. You'll wait over an hour and a half for you delivery, still won't get, will have to drive to pick up your pizza because they already charged your card, and it still won't be ready. I couldn't tell you how it tastes because I'm still waiting to eat.
4	I have finally found my go- to pizza in Scottsdale!!  My bf and I have lived here for almost 3 years, and we've always complained about the lack of really good delivery pizza out here.  We've tried everything.  We'd even had HH's before and enjoyed it but weren't particularly blown away.  We are both huge fans of Detroit- style pizza--deep dish, 8 corner, crispy crust, lots of cheese.  Our favorite is Jet's pizza, but, unfortunately, Jet's has not made it out west...enter, HH's deep dish!  We'd had it once before, and there was too much sauce, so it kind of ruined it for us.  Thankfully, we decided to give it another try.  We ordered it with light sauce and the butter crust today, and it was fantastic!!  It's not Jet's, but it's the closest thing we've found out here!  When we want pizza in the future, that's what we'll be getting!  Oh, and delivery has always been fast, and our orders have always been accurate.  That is hard to come by around here.
1	What an awful experience!! Just like another reviewer Hannah said,I ordered online, only i DID use my debit card to pay for it AND since i don't have any cash on hand, i even included a TIP for the delivery person but the pizza never came! Even tho I received a text msg from my bank showing the charge went thru with Hungry Howies name in it! I also gotan email confirmation telling me my order was placed! When i called, the guy said they never got my order! I told him that my card had been charged so i already paid for it, now what do i do? I have hungry kids waiting to eat! He didn't offer to make the order or anything! He suggested i call the other store which is in another city to see if THEY got it! I dont have time for that! But he wasn't willing to call for me so i call, they dont have it either! So WHAT are u gonna do i asked? Cuz i already paid for it! He offers to do nothing! He said to call the EAT 24 number which i did & nobody answered! He said he called the manager and asked what he should do & not even the manager told him to make the order! He said the manager said, "I don't know. I guess have her call EAT 24! (Which is the company the online order menu is thru. The manager offered no solution! So here they have taken my money AND a tip they didnt even work for! And i get no dinner for my kids! This has obviously happened before becuz of Hannah's review showing it has, only SHE was smart & chose the cash option so she wasn't out any money, but there was no cash option when i ordered, i HAD to use my debit card! I only had a little bit of money in my bank so its not like i can order again or take my money and get food somewhere else! THEY took my money! I am SO upset right now its not even funny! What am i supposed to feed my kids now? I don't get paid til tomorrow so the way things look at this point, we're gonna go without dinner! I have proof the payment went thru so WHY wudn't they offer to make the pizza anyway and deliver it? They had the same insincere attitude they had with Hannah! I am disgusted with this place and plan on telling everyone i know, This is so wrong!EDIT: i called back & pretty much had to ask them to PLEASE make the order and deliver it becuz I have kids that I'm not gonna let go hungry just becuz they have ascrewed up system that they can't seem to fix. I told them I would be more than happy to show the delivery person the text and email showing the order was placedand that I was charged and they agreed to do that. I don't understand why that wasn't offered in the first place instead of doing nothing. 2 hrs later, the pizza came. It wasn't bad but it wasn't delicious and when your hungry, food is food. I asked if they would throw in a 2ltr bottle of pepsi and they did do that, but none of this would've been done if I didn't call back and ask/beg. This was my first time ever ordering from this place and my first encounter was extremely stressful and anger provoking & i'm surprised I was as cordial as I was becuz it was extremely frustrating. The only way I would even consider giving this place my business again is if I receive a SINCERE apology, an explanation and a solution that conveys they have this problem worked out cuz from the other reviewers reviews, this has happened more than one or two times. They should've made sure this problem was fixed the very first time it happened and I am appauled that it was not. Nobody should have to be put thru this dilemma when patronizing a business they are giving their money too and I hope some kind of compensation is given to those who HAVE been put thru this becuz it is absolutely UNACCEPTABLE.
5	I received two free pizzas from a previous negative experience from a different location. Very nice of Paula to write me a personal message and send vouchers. This location is fast friendly and no problems at all. Pizza is hot and delicious! The gentlemen on the phone and delivery drivers are awesome. Thank you Paula , I am a fan again :)
5	Placed an order to feed 4 hungry grandkids and myself.  Ordered HOT wings and two pizzas. The delivery was super fast and order was hot and delicious. Howie's is my pizza and hot wing place from now on.
3	If you must go the delivery route for pizza - hungry howies garlic crust is absolutely delicious.
