4	A very good Jewish deli tucked in and amongst the small factories and warehouses on Smallman Street in Pittsburgh's Strip District. I cannot believe this place has not been reviewed yet. I guess it is a best kept secret. There were four in our party and we ordered a variety of sandwiches that ranged from a traditional Reuben, turkey and Swiss on a bagel to a pastrami and Swiss on marble rye and a turkey and cheese on a bread type that escapes me. Regardless, all the sandwiches were very good to excellent. The meat was lean and adequately piled on. The vegatables on the sandwiches were very fresh. All sandwiches came with a Kosher pickle spear and we opted for bags of Snyder of Hanover chips. I haven't had Snyder chips since I left Pittsburgh eons ago. The amount of sandwiches offered were many. The staff were efficient and three-rivers friendly. I failed to realize that they offered Matzo ball soup. I will have to save that for a return trip to PGH. Since the in-laws live here, that's definitely going to happen.
5	I used to go to Sammys all the time for a corned beef sandwich whenever i came in town....until my mom took me to Smallman Street Deli! Best corned beef on rye...be sure to get it grilled!!! My sandwich...lean corned beef on marble rye, swiss cheese, grilled with lettuce, tomato, onion and spicy brown mustard!! Love this place!
4	The TURKEY RACHEL should be the first thing you try... and you may like it so much it may be the last.  I can't vouch for everything on the menu, but I don't have to.  I grab the same two items every time I go in.  Fresh deli sliced turkey, with just a bit of thousand island (not drenched in it), and a fresh rye bread.  The only thing here that rivals it is the TOMATO BASIL TORTELLINI SOUP.  Paired with a double cheese grilled cheese and you got a winner.  Problem is they only do that soup once a month.  I 've had a few other items on the menu, all pretty good.  Just a solid place to eat lunch.
4	Great deli.  Had a very good Ruben today.  Great food and friendly service.   I'll definitely be eating here again.
4	More "delis" should take a lesson in how to be good from this place.  My office is about 2 blocks away from the SSD and has been for about 5 years.  That means I've eaten here quite a few times.  And honestly, I've never been disappointed.  Actually, not living in Pittsburgh anymore, I've yet to find an authentic deli that's this all-around good here in Denver.  But don't worry, I'll keep trying.Their sandwiches are huge and delicious - high quality (and quantity) meats and cheese.  The breads are delicious.  The soups are delicious - the stuffed pepper is to die for.  I used to find myself stalking the menu for stuffed pepper soup day.  Their chili is good.  Their salads are good.  Lots of folks in my office stalk the menu for taco salad day as well.  Do you see a theme here?   It gets insanely busy at lunch, and there's not much space inside to move around and wait for your order, but it's a small price to pay for deli food that's this good.  You should eat here!
3	Smallman Street Deli is interesting in that it is very polarized.  Some of the workers are friendly and amazing, while others make it clear that they think you are dirt, and they have no interest in helping you.  The food is the same: They have an absolutely amazing reuben, but their egg salad is the worst egg salad I have ever had.  All that said, it's a deli, so give it a try, order a turkey sandwich or a reuben, if you get someone taking your order who is rude, deal with them, and enjoy.  Prices are reasonable.
5	Love this place! Hands down the best pastrami sandwich ever!! The staff is great all around - great customer service, friendly, clean..everything! No complaints for this place here! One thing most people do comment on is the high prices but for what you get! You really can't complain!
5	It's just plain good!  Whether you like a hot pastrami on rye or a plain ol' turkey sandwich this deli is the real deal!  Large portion sizes, free refills on soda, and the friendliest staff around.  Daily specials are a bargain and my own personal recommendation...the Reuben and the turkey Rachel are out of this world!
5	Fantastic find! I know this place has been here for a while, but this was my first time. Pastrami sandwich was so juicy and delicious. Still cleaning my beard from the mustard! Highly recommend it for anybody looking for a great deli sandwich.
5	I got a corned beef rueben and a side of lodtka. The sandwich was delicious, fresh rye and superb corned beef. It also had the right amount of 1000 Island dressing, which was more than a dab but not enough to soak the bread. The potato pancakes were good as well, crisp, though I could tell they were reheated. Not too dissappointed, but if they were dropped in the fryer to heat up again they would have been even better. Will definitely be there again for lunch soon.
5	Another fantastic meal! The corned beef Ruben is messy and delicious. Everything you hope for in a deli sandwich. We were even able to find a table to sit today.
3	I love the location of this deli. You could tell its old school.  I ordered a Pittsburgh fav, the Ruben,  and other memebers in our party had turkey sandwich, fries and the veggie burger.  I was impressed with the meat quality. Soo tender and flavorful. The bread on the Ruben was overcooked it was nearly burned and very greasy.  But the meat over shadowed that....lol. My fam loved all the sandwich but our fries....were dark brown as if the have been cooked in overly used oil. ..disgusting!We spent $55 on three sandwiches and fries....;-)...pricey much?
4	Pastrami sandwich(hot) was great. Tender and plenty of flavor. The only thing I didn't care for was the $14.50 for the sandwich, can of soda, and bag of chips.
4	I religiously order the same thing at both locations and it is excellent each time: the turkey rachael on sourdough instead of rye. The matzo ball soup, while not like mom's, is still very tasty. Fellow diners I have eaten with have ordered the corned beef, the roast beef, and the pastrami and have raved about them all. I highly recommend this authentic deli.
4	Yesterday I had one of the best reuben's I've ever had, and when I went to bed last night my diet wept silent tears into its pillow.  This sandwich is HUGE.  Everything about it was perfect, but if anything I wish they would have given me a little less meat.  I think there was 2 lbs of corned beef on this thing.  Basically the reuben is a fat bomb, but soooo worth the splurge once or twice a month.They have indoor and outdoor seating and this place is a lot more than a lunch spot/sandwich shop, it is very much a full deli.  You can call ahead and order (for example) steaks for dinner, and they'll have them ready for you when you leave.This is by no means the cheapest lunch spot in the strip dist.  I had a reuben and a side of potato salad and it was about $14.But the reuben is grilled for you right as you order it.  It was freaking huge, I did not need the potato salad.  The menu is really diverse, there are a lot of soups and salads so I will def be back even on days where I dont feel like going full on fat girl.
3	It's a terrible thing when you work next to a New York style deli... terrible.  Oh shoot... I forgot my lunch today.  Guess I'll just have go grab a sandwich...You really cannot go wrong with the Smallman Street Deli.  Though around noon it gets pretty packed, you can call your order in ahead to avoid the line.  Whether you desire a Rueben, burger, or homemade soup, you'll leave thinking you were in NYC.The princing is a tad on the high end for a deli, but everything is cooked to order and fresh.  There are some seats available - outdoor seating in the warmer months too.If you're in the Strip and want a sandwich, stop by Smallman Street Deli.
5	You'll love this deli! The sandwiches are enormous and full of delicious meats. They're known for their fish, but we didn't have that. The kids had big grilled cheese sandwiches. You MUST get the horseradish cheddar spread - you'll breathe better for days!! Their hours are kinda funky, so check before you head over.
