4	Oh my, this place doesn't even exist on Yelp?!?  I suppose LV folks are not heavy Yelpers..I'm going to go out there on a limb and declare that this is the most fun store at Town Square.  For those looking to satisfy the sweet tooth, you will be happy to see the assortment of candies available.  I tried a few myself, and they were delicious.  But then again, it's sugar.Really liked the pillows, especially the Reese's peanut butter cup ones.  Hershey's Kisses pillow is cool too, but didn't look very practical for actual use.There's also quite a few novelty items that you will definitely get a chuckle out of.  I liked the variety of "checklist" notepad products... especially liked the personal s**tlist citation one, and I actually bought a "things you do to piss me off" one for my manager lol.Fun place to check out, go see it!P.S.:  Yelp says I have to "reduce the number of capital letters" in the business name because I capitalized every single one.  But it really is spelled that way... oh well.
5	I've loved this candy store since it was in FAO Schwarz at Caesars (RIP).  It has a vast selection of candy from classic 50's-Present.  They have sour belts, pb and j lollipops, any flavor gummy bear/worm you could think of, about 15 colors of M & M's, wonka bars, gobstoppers, jellybean, chocolate covered pretzels/raisins, and lots lots more! I can spend some serious money in this store not only on candy, but novelties such as "bi*** citations, gay accent spray, candy handcuffs, gummy bear bras/underwear, testa-mints, etc.  This store is great and so is the staff.  I especially liked that the manager there showed me the world's largest gummy bear! Cool stuff.**On a side note, you can easily buy good candy here, which is right next to the movie theater and um...*cough* sneak it in *cough**
5	This little candy store is a trip!! There are so many neat sweets here it will for sure send ya into sugar overload!Alot of vintage candy, 5lb gummy bears,and novelty items as well.This is for sure the best candy shop ever!Its not he cheapest but for the variety you can't beat it.The sales people all seem to be getting into the product cuz they were seriously amped up! Loved it.
5	Stopped by before a movie for some treats. I forgot how $$ this place can be as I was filling my bag of candy..which ended up being almost 16 bucks worth of sugar! LOLStill I just love this place..even tho I now have a giant bag of candy that I must eat!Its all good tho..this mommy has a sweet tooth..and if you do..hit this place up!!
4	Incredibly wide selection of candy and candy-themed merchandise!  you'll see lots of blast-from-the-past candies everywhere, in addition to fun things like giant Reese's pillows.  It's a one-stop candy shop for nostalgia and a sugar high, so drop by and give it a shot.
4	Ahh! I don't have a sweet tooth, I have a whole mouth of em! This is the only candy store that has everything. From old school brands and giant half pound peanut butter cups to edible undies =x I'm telling you, everything. I am the kid in a candy store for reeaaal! I love choclate covered gummy bears and they have em! And pretty much any other gummy bear covered in who knows what. Theres even this humungous 1pound gummy bear (if anyone loves me, you don't have to wait for my bday to come). They have a whole wall of M&M dispensers and another with pez collections. And so on.. This place basically gives me the same happiness Disneyland gives me.
4	On the way to the Yardhouse, Andy T and I became little kids pointing at the candy stores colorful colors and tasty looking delights. Damn you it'sugar. They have a variety of by the pound, various packaged candies and cute accessories (shirts, bags, funny items like joke notepads). Two things I've never seen elsewhere though: fill it yourself powder candy. ( I love pixies stix, so this is pretty cool to me) and giant sized gummi bears (I couldnt imagine chewing through something that big and gummi though). I got some various flavors of gummi bears and some sixlets, a childhood favorite. Andy went a bit more crazy and got a bag of sour belts and sour gummis and another bag of chocolate gummi bears. Noms. Bears were soft. Chocolate gummi bears are really good here- I have to go back for these. Sour stuff is puckery good. Sixlets is always a smile. Service comes with little funny quips. Come (with caution) if you got a sweet bite.
5	As someone who prides myself on abstaining from sweets, I went nuts in It's Sugar! I walked in thinking I would just get the kids a little something, 30 minutes later I walked out with a bag filled with candy. The cashier was super helpful and just a doll. The store was clean and the candy and merchandise were laid out perfectly. El Hubs and I just kept calling each other to opposite sides of the store to see the candy treasures. As I'm sitting writing this, I honestly can't tell you what happened to that bag of candy...
4	Ugh I both love and hate these kind of serve yourself, sold by weight candy shops. My sweet tooth always beats out my brain and eyes, and my wallet and tummy are what suffers. That said, it'sugar is now my go-to place when I want serve yourself, sold by weight candy. They have gummy bears galore!!! I love how the gummy bears are sorted by flavor, and they have flavors I have never seen like peach and blue raspberry. it'sugar also has giant candy (gummy bear and peanut butter cups), a wall with tons of flavors of jelly bellies, shirts and other novelty items.  I went in thinking I would just get a couple dollars worth of candy and ended up leaving with almost a pound of sour treats and gummy bears. All of which were super yummy but damn did I have a tummy ache later.
4	It's not the huge one in Universal Walk, but it will do just fine (big enough). No gimmicks here, just candy (and other candy themed items) for the candy lover. I have to admit, I got a little excited when I saw the sign in the middle of Town Square. Bulk candy (3 circular stations) at $2.99 for 1/4 pound and $11.96 for a full pound- chocolates. Separate gummi bear station- many different colors and flavors. Jellybeans (against the back wall- my brother-in-law's favorite BTW) are priced at $3.25 for 1/4 pound and $12.99 for a full pound.  Candy themed tees were on sale at $11 or $7. Large Hershey Kiss pillows (silver- original) and Huge Hershey Syrup (coin banks?) were the biggest cute candy-themed items here. I even spotted a Hello Kitty section (for all the asian girls out there, myself included, thank you very much). The novelties included the cute list pads (hey, they could come in handy for the list-maker, yup I'm there), pez dispensers (hello kitty & my melody), metal lunch boxes, wonka candies, candy bras (something you usually see in an adult book store, huh?), bug candy (lollipops with scorpians- gross!), bacon shaped candy (saw that on one of the cable channels recently- supposed to be the rage right now).I saw three people working there, one at the cashier counter, another one restocking, and another one on the way out the door (shift ended maybe?). It's bright (white interior mostly), fun (it's candy, c'mon now), and generally clean inside. Nice set-up inside. It didn't feel cramped even with several other customers besides us. There are two flat-screen tvs and the music sounds good (nice marketing huh?). We didn't buy anything, because we had just eaten at Texas De Brazil (mmm, good eats folks) last night and after some walking around Town Square, had some frozen yogurt at Yogurtland (taro & coconut are the best BTW). Oh yeah, a final note- the location- next to the Rave Theater- is a good one, too. Tip: get your candy here before you head into the theater.
4	I love coming in here!  It makes me revert to being an 8 year old kid!  The only fun part of being dragged to the grocery store or the local drug store by your mom when you were a kid was that minute before the check-out when you get to drool over the candy selection.  Now we have a whole beautiful store filled with the good stuff!Great selections of candy!  There's the gummy bear section, with the gummy goodness in just about every flavor under the sun!  My personal favorites are the blue-raspberry and the cola flavors.  There's also a sour section...and this is where I typically go grab happy!  Everything from sour apple bears to sour strawberry ropes to sour cola bottles.  Then there's the other station with other candy goodies like chocolate rocks, swedish fish, banana runts, etc.  Plus you have the build your own pixi-sticks, and a big assortment of single flavors of Jelly Belly jelly beans and M&M's too.Then all sorts of other random goodness.  Like the giant Reese's peanut butter cups, giant gummy worms, a large assortment of Pez dispensers, and assorted candy related t-shirts.  And another cool part...hard to find candy bars, like Abba Zabba, charleston chew, zagnut, Bosco chocolate bars, etc.So whether you're buying for a pre-movie snack(Rave theater is right next door), a treat for the kids, or just to spoil yourself...a stop at IT'SUGAR is a must!
4	***Dentists not allowed***This store is hellah sweet...Lots and lots of candy-wide selection: Candy Cigarettes,Chocolate Pop Rocks, Big League Chewing Gum, ect...Are you into Bugs? Well if you are they have Bug Lollipops, Candy Crickets, Chocolate Locusts- Hungry yet?Cute merchandise is sold here also like bags with gummy bears on them,pillows & all kids of T-Shirts of course tying in with the candy theme.Pez galore...Hello Kitty Items sold here - Star for that...Humongous Gummy Bears,Gum Balls, Sugar Daddies and Reeses Butter Cups....We had fun here and even if you don't have a sweet tooth bring your sweetheart and explore....
4	This is surely a dentist's worst nightmare come true!! There are so many different varieties of candies here, both new and old. There are tons of thigns that I could take home but so many things that I know I'd probably end up staring at maybe not eating. LOL. I have a tendency to do that with candy. haha. There are candy covered bugs. There are tons of hello kitty candies. I love their huge gummy bears. Those are perfect gifts, especially for kids who love to keep those things are just WOW look at that. That's awesome, rather than not eat them. And of course there are bulk candy items to take home with you too. Prices can be a lil bit more than at the Sweet Factory but their selection here is far more superb. YOU should be sure to check this place out when you're in Vegas. It's a fun time, even if you don't happen to buy anything. I have yet to see many people come in and NOT buy something though, even if it's a single piece or something that they haven't had since they were kids.
5	This place is so fun and colorful. The first thing I thought after walking in is CANDYLAND! I frequent there to get my fix of chocolate gummy bears. Yummy! They carry all kinds of of fun novelty items and candies as well as your typical snickers. I walk in, and I dance out.
5	This is one of the coolest  places it has all the candies that you are looking for and there are all types of selection there.
4	Great little candy store at Thomas Square.  Has a lot packed into one place.  The selection is vast, but very limited sugar free products.  But they have other items that I just love, like a pair of novelty "hello kitty" soaks.If you have someone on your gift list that loves candy, this place is a good place to start.
5	Other than it's insane variety of gummy candys, bears, ropes, belts, etc...is it's location that's great!It's downstairs from the movies so, it's great to stop in and grab some goodies =)Especially since I'm not big on popcorn and/or theatre food...other than icees, of course!Love bringing my niece and nephew here cuz their eyes light up when they see all the fun stuff, huge candy bars, and ridic size lollipops. Literally, KIDS IN A CANDY STORE!
5	Dude... can you say... SUGAR! Lots and lots of sugar! Funny sugar, sweet sugar, sad sugar, dirty sugar...ok you probably get the point. This place has so many varieties of products that you would have to spend a good while looking at it all. Some of the bigger items and stuffed candy bars are a little expensive, if you have a friend who loves Nerds *cough cough, I do* they would love a giant nerd pillow or nerd blanket...so cool. I like the fact that I can come here grab the candy I like, for example I love the RED gummy bears only! Just down the way is Yogurtland where I have to pick out the red ones to put on my yogurt, but here they are in their own separate container!!! I can take my peach rings, my banana runts, and my red gummy bears to the movies! Also their vitamin water is less expensive then the movie theater one! Double score! This place is awesome.  Gives a while new meaning to acting like a kid in a candy store, because I do act so when entering this place. Get your sugar fix here ladies and gentlemen! Also, to the lovely workers, they are always so nice and helpful! Good job!
5	It's candy and lots of it!!!! What else can I say??? Oh yes the staff is really nice they laughed at me as I was trying to scold my 2 year old from reaching in and eating the candies. My kid is fast ( i wasn't really paying attention to him, i was distracted by all the sweet sweet goodness) I thought they where gonna say something but they didn't. I thought that was nice of them. Oh and they have my all time favorite, grape flavored gummy bears!!!! price is kinda high but whateves it's Vegas and you'll probably lose what they charge per pound in one max bet pull anyway. After a $45.00 total my kids and I where on our Merry way!
4	Sugar sugar everywhere!!!It's sugar!!!!Ok....now that the insulin has set in, I am able to review this shop without any bias towards candy and sweets.  This place is legit, it has every candy you can think of from gummy bears to sour gummy worms, from candied legos to every jawbreaker you can think of.  They dont stop there!They also have tons of novelty candy's that you can buy for any occasion, your pick from every flavor of jelly bean ever created(including the dare beans like vomit, dog food and moldy cheese) and I would like to mention I have tried them all. :) Vomit is by no means good yet tolerable but moldy cheese is down right disgusting.  Dog food actually is not too bad and pencil shavings remind me of elementary. LOLThis place is a must stop while in vegas...cash out all those slot machine winnings and come in and buy a few pounds of candy at $13.96/lb.  ok, ok so you broke even...there still is no excuse not to check this place out.  Guaranteed to turn that sin city frown upside down ;)
5	If you like sweets, this is a must stop. From various candy corn creations to a box of Nerds the size of a small TV, this place has it all. I love how they have bins full of many of the candies so that you can choose how much you want. Only want a taste? Not a problem, as they'll let you sample a bit. Looking for other branded goodies that are related to candies and sweets? They've got shirts and other memorabilia too.Definitely worth the visit, even if you don't buy anything. But you should...I seriously regret not buying the massive Rice Krispy Treat that feeds 20. Don't let that be you.
4	After dining at Yard House with my cousin guys notice It'Sugar (the oversize candy) had walk in plus right across YH. I not candy person but this place has all the candy you ever need plus sell other collectible things from Hello Kitty stuff, Nerds towels and tshirts, and sure something stood out Star Wars coffee cups that one cousin saw on the Big Bang Theory (he got two of them), Ted talking doll from the movie. The oversize candy the thing that makes this candy store stand out from the rest. Not just one thing goes from Nerds, Snickers, Reece Pieces, Twisters, and on and on. The assortment they have is diverse and goes by weight fill your bag with anything. I got some jelly belly that one not mix up with the other candy. Sure if in Town Square want some candy this one store stop in. The staff there friendly.
3	Ok, I will give this place it's props for it's unique variety of candies (of LITERALLY...all shapes and sizes), but it's just like any other overpriced candy shop that you find in a mall (ahem...SWEET FACTORY anyone??)Is it better/cheaper than buying candy at the movie theater up the stairs, probably. Do they have a wide array of options to select from, of course. However, I can't see how they can justify charging me almost $6 for the following: 8 sour strips (2 of which were extremely stale), 4-5 sour mini watermelons, 4-5 chocolate covered peanuts and 2 peanut clusters. I usually always get the same thing at every other bulk candy store and it never costs more than $4. I didn't even really see them use a scale that I could visually see how much my bag weighed.
4	This fun shop is in the Town Square Las Vegas shopping mall.  I don't have a location close to me, but it has all kinds of candies certain knick-knacks and not just regular candy, but giant-sized candy, such as a huge Snickers bar, for example.  This is a must for all you sweet tooths!
2	Wandering around the Strip on a chilly Christmas Eve, I was EXTREMELY hungry and suffering from intense sugar withdrawal. We had just emerged from the arcade in New York New York (not worth it; it will eat all your coins and leave you poor and desolate) when I saw It'Sugar!I've always had a childhood fondness for old-fashioned candy-stores (i.e any store dedicated to candy), probably stemming from my early love of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. So, of course, I was hooked.Looking back, the candy was insanely overpriced. I mean, yes, it IS Vegas but.. really? There's no way a handful of gummies should add up to $5. What is this nonsense |:
5	What a delicious find! My husband and I visited It'Sugar twice while honeymooning to have sugary treats in our room while in Vegas, and we had so much fun choosing what to fill our baggies with from the "a la carte" candy stations.My favorite section is the bacon shrine - bacon flavored everything, and other bacon scented products, like air fresheners and candles. My husband liked the cooler that is filled with rare and unique beverages.It'Sugar also boasts many diabetes inducing 10-15 lb. candy bars, which if we had not been traveling in such extreme temperatures, would make sweet and easy gifts at Christmas time.Some other Yelpers have commented that the prices are on the high side, but we thought everything was very fairly priced even for a candy store, even for a novelty store in Vegas.
1	Great selection but totally sinfully overpriced even for a candy store (almost $4 for a king sized Hershey bar?). What kills me is they don't put prices up on most shelf items which will catch you off guard at checkout. And no way of knowing the weight of your candy bag until checkout.
4	If you have a sweet tooth this chain is all sweet. There are so many ways to order crepes here, plus other food.  The crepes and desserts including ice cream are why people come. The wall of candy helps.  If you are diabetic,  please do yourself a favor and stay away.  If you're heavyweight,  overweight, again stay away.  Too many temptations here for those who are overweight or diabetic to handle.   The rest of us... heaven.
5	From jelly beans to sea salt caramel treats, to a candy bra, this store is every child OR adult's sugar indulgence destination!
4	It's Sugar is always FUN! The always have plenty of novelty items, as well as classics... I always enjoy browsing the store when I am picking up my necessary sour grapefruit chewies! You have to stop in just to explore all the fun and yummy goodies!
4	It's expensive, but it's fun...and yummy. Everything is overpriced, just know that coming in. But the staff are friendly. And it's quite fun to just walk around look at all the candies and other items. Looking for small, fun, and/or sweet gift for someone? This is a good place to look. Going to a movie later? Come in here and stock up on some candy. I like the little novelty gifts and making my own mix of candies in a bag. If you've got a sweet tooth, this is a good place for you.
4	Great variety of candy. And cute girls with great service. Too bad the discontinued my favorite white chocolate covered gummies. But its ok. Always buying from here
