1	Hmmm, is it any wonder RadioShack has been having trouble?  After visiting this store, I remember why I don't normally shop here.  I only popped in because they were right next to the coffee shop I was at.I spent 10 minutes in the store as the only customer, while the two employees completely ignored me.  Once I found the little $7 cable I needed, I stood for another 10 at the counter waiting for someone to ring me up. When the clerk finally came up, he told me I had the wrong part....without even asking what I was getting or why.  Then he looked at the box, and realized, that even without his help, I had in fact gotten the right cable.  Amazing, I know.  Ultimately, even with the wait, it was still quicker and more convenient than going somewhere else, but I'd rather go out of my way than shop here again.
1	Should have checked my Yelp...Came in here again on an emergency mission - looking for a cable to make my DVD Burner work so I could burn the memorial video for my cousins funeral.  So I may have been a little frazzled.I walked in and stopped dead, not sure where to look.  They have all this crap up front now, it looks more like a toy store than a Radio Shack.  In fact, now that I think of it, I don't think there was a single radio in site.I stand there , look around blankly and blink for a few minutes, when the employee notices another living, breathing person in the store.  I think it scared him, so used to being alone.....It was clear that I was taking him away from something very important and non-customer service related, and he really didn't like the intrusion.  I explained what I needed, and he didn't even try to look or help. Just told me they don't have those cables. Buh-Bye.  Didn't even offer a suggestion on where else to go, ask what I needed them for, nope, just a "Don't let the door hit you on the way out" attitude.I fled, practically in tears thinking I was going to let the whole family down.  In the end, it all worked out, and I'm glad Radio Shack didn't get a dime of my money.
3	The people are very friendly and helpful, but the store is lacking in stock.  There just isn't an adequate supply of cables.
1	Horrible storm lied to me about the warranty basically stole 75 dollars for me because the item I purchased a broke 32 days after I purchased it. RS mailed  in my items back and then sent me a gift card for less than it would cost to replace the headphones went to the storeo buy exact same headphones and couldn't because the gift card from the warranty was left in headphones don't shop here hostile rude employees especially the manage NoeThey are liars and theives.
2	80's called. They want their electronics back. Staff was friendly though, this is just really outdated.
