4	Nice location. Friendly staff. Lines can get long at times. If you can print from home, try to ahead of time.They have PO Boxes, Passports.. anything you'd need.
2	After the US Post office on Industrial Road shut down I started using this location for most of my mailing needs. This one is is closer to my house versus the other one was closer to my work. I have to say I am not thrilled with this location. The staff seems to be friendly but everything is just so slow. The parking lot is always packed. The lines are always long. The parcel boxes are always full, so I always have to go to the window to pick one up. And they have the weirdest opening time. Most post offices I been to open at eight or nine, this one is 8:30. So they open at a time that makes me late to work if I go in the morning and they close as I am getting off of work. Sucks.
1	I've lived in North Las Vegas for a whole two months & have had a lifetime of headaches stemming from this post office. Seven days after my change of address took effect, my mail carrier returned three boxes to their senders, causing huge inconveniences for me & the senders who were stuck with boxes to re-ship. One sender even had to pay double postage to get the boxes out of hock at his post office! Luckily the Meadow Mesa customer service manager, Michelle, was pleasant to work with & helped get the boxes re-shipped to me free of charge (well, not free since the senders had already paid the first time around).I had to pick up one of the boxes tonight at the post office & boy, what a horrible experience THAT was! I watched clerk Anola treat a customer ahead of me like a dog -- I've seen some rude postal workers before but that woman takes the cake. She was barking at him to lift up his boxes so she could stamp them & she walked around like she would've rather been anywhere but there. Listen, Anola, you'd be doing society a favor by getting out of the customer service business because you clearly aren't cut out for it! So after 5 minutes of witnessing this ridiculous treatment, it was just my luck that I got stuck at her window. I handed her my pickup slip & she asked for ID. "ID." No "ID please" or "May I see some ID?" Just "ID" while looking away, totally inconvenienced she had to do her job. My ID does not have my current address so she asked me to recite it. After I did, she grumbles, "Well, that was way too fast..." & walked away to get my box. What? Way too fast? If you weren't so busy making it clear I was putting you out by asking you to do your job, maybe you could've verified the address as I recited it. She returns with my box, places it on the counter & just stands there, waiting for me to take it & leave. No "thank you." No signs of a smile. Not even a "here you go." I took the box & got out of there as quickly as I could.I hope to never have to return because Anola is the epitome of unprofessionalism. And the root of why the USPS is in the red -- nobody wants to give their business to rude jerks!
4	I was sending out some souvenirs while on vacation here in Vegas. I stopped by here because it was the only post office that was close by when I opened up my trusty yelp app.Parking lot is very big which I love. No issues finding parking. The lines went by fairly fast. They also have a outside truck when I went that you were able to send stuff out instead of waiting in the line inside the building.The outside line seems like a great idea on days like in march where its not 120+ degree weather. In the summer or when its blazing hot, probably not a good idea.Over all, I like this post office and will be happy to send more stuff out when Im in town and in the area.
5	Went here for the first time last week...was pleasantly suprised :) They not only have a full service counter but they also had a little van / wagon "Express" stationed outside in the parking lot that also can accomplish pretty much all your shipping and mailing needs. It was really helpful bc the line inside was montrous.
4	Yes, I'm reviewing the US Post Office in North Las Vegas. I feel obligated since I use to have a PO Box here, share Duke status from time to time, and I'm the Melman.  So here we go.This is my post office. And when I say mine, I mean my packages get shipped here and I have no choice. But I found over the years to really appreciate this post office. I'm use to larger post offices with longer lines and cranky postal workers. You get the opposite here, especially if you come right when they open.  Pros:-Quick, just avoid after 3pm where you may wait in line for about 10 minutes-Friendly staff. No pun intended, but no one is going "postal" on you here.-Mobile Truck: Instead of going inside, you can buy stamps, drop mail, purchase money orders, and ship packages through their mobile express truck-Mail Boxes: I rented a mail box here for about a month while going through escrow. -Other Services include passports, International packages, etc.-Drive Thru Mail Boxes.Yeah Buddy! Always nice to be able to get in and out fairly quick. Now the DMV, well that's a different story, YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (406/500)
3	Use the automated postal center, and skip the long line.
4	You have really moved up the scale...I am impressed with the level of service and how convenient you have made it to use your post office. Love the idea of the stamp truck outside the office when it is really busy. Today I went in to mail two letters and pick up forms. There was a gentleman to assist you almost as soon as you entered. Once i completed my forms, just before dropping them in the mail and postal agent, asked if I were getting ready  to mail them and I said yes. He looked my forms over and showed me two areas that needed to be completed. Once that was done, he explained he would take it from there and mail them for me. This is the first time I have been inside this post office in at least a year. it was always a nite-mare to visit this branch. You certainly kicked it up a notch and I'm not  a happy postal customer.Thanks
3	I would come right when they open to avoid the long lines. Service is usually always slow. I came in to get a refund on my late delivery which was suppose to arrive on Christmas but arrived the day after. The lady who assisted me did not acknowledge that the package arrived late and apologized for the inconvenience. I told her I was here for a refund so she just took the paper and walked away without saying anything. When she came back she said the package has to be delivered in order for you to get a refund (even thought it was already late!) She was not friendly and did not have a name tag so I could catch her name.I came in a few days later when the package was delivered and waited in the long line. There was a male assisting the guests waiting. He got to me, looked at my package slip and said they will be able to help you at the counter. When I got to the counter I got another unfriendly worker. Took the paper from me and walked away without saying anything. I had to fill out paperwork for the refund while she stepped out to get change which took forever I might add. As she's about to wrap things up she noticed the name on the to and from slip was not me she went to ask her supervisor about it. She came back to tell me the person on the "from" label has to be the one receiving the refund. The male who helped in line could have told me that. She could have told me that in the beginning also. The point is that non of the staff was friendly to me during my multiple visits and no one acknowledged that my Christmas package arrived after Christmas. I go to this post office because the location is convenient. I wont be coming here any longer..
5	The mobile post office located right outside of this location is amazing. The woman who works the van is so sweet, always happy and damn fast at her job. I am always so relieved when I pull up and the van is outside. The staff inside is amazing as well. There are almost always long lines, but come on guys, it's a post office. :)
1	I highly recommend you avoid using this location. They are extremely unorganized! They are friendly however only a few attendants know their jobs completely. I have had to use this location for several different things (P.O. Box, mailing letters/boxes, stamps, change of address) none of which were satisfactory.
1	This Post Office sucks! Every time I'm expecting a package I don't make any plans so I can be home to get it. I track the package & make sure I know exactly where it is so my package doesn't get stolen.. But somehow I always get a, sorry we missed you, note.. How lazy are you that you can't knock on the door, not to mention my building has a large mail box for packages to be dropped off.. It's unfortunate that I pay extra for two day shipping & I don't get it because the mail carrier is too lazy to leave it.. That's your job.. Now I either have to go out of my way to pick it up myself or call to have it re-delivered.. I'm very disappointed once again with this delivery..
