4	I stopped in here one morning on the way back from dropping the kids at school, and while it isn't much to look at (on the outside or the inside), I'm glad that I did.  The service is top-notch.  Everyone greets you with a doll baby or a honey or a sweetie every time they see you - whether it's the first time, whether they are filling your glass or whether you are on your way out the door.The food is served quickly, as you ordered it (even the eggs were cooked perfectly).  When I say quickly, I mean quickly.  No, it's not as fast as fast food, but it's fast.  I took a newspaper in with me, and I barely had time to turn a couple pages and the plate was coming back to me.  Color me impressed.As to the food - hey, it's a greasy spoon and it was breakfast.  What do you expect?  But it's good.  The hash browns are the shredded kind, no home fries here, but they have a nice bowl of jelly selection on the table (even strawberry - something many places lack these days), and it came out hot.  What else can you ask for?
4	We stopped based on other reviews on Yelp.  While it is not fine dining, the food was hot and tasty.  I can't wait to try breakfast.  The staff makes the place.  They are polite, caring people taking great care of their customers.
5	Dino's is a greasy spoon without the grease. Breakfast is the way to go. The menu is short & sweet with a wide selection of meats, including liver & country ham, to accompany your eggs. The grits are heaven - creamy, flavorful & plentiful. The food comes out lickity split too. Perhaps best of all is the service. Attentive servers are always there to refill coffee & check on your meal. You get a real motherly vibe from them & even of they don't always smile, they are damn good at what they do.
5	Every aspect of our breakfast at Dino's was phenomenal. As some other reviews have mentioned, the staff were incredibly kind, warm, and attentive. The waitress for our table was vigilante about refilling coffee and water cups, and she gave us four extra halves of fresh buttered toast on the house!The food came out incredibly quickly. And every single thing was incredibly delicious. The one item that stood out above the rest was the biscuit gravy. If you have a meal here you should seriously consider incorporating the gravy into your meal somehow, it was phenomenal.Lastly, the menu is reasonably priced, arguably cheap. I paid $9 before tip for two eggs, two pork chops, hash browns and toast. I think the biscuit with gravy (generous portion) was around $2, not positive though.
4	Was in Charlotte for a funeral and found Dino's on Yelp. We had a party of five and every-bodies food came out hot and tasted great. The service was outstanding. Everything was perfect. Will go again next time I'm in Charlotte.
5	I stopped here for lunch while in the Sugar Creek area. Had a couple of pork chops with 2 vegetables, soup, and a choice of rolls/cornbread for a good price. Food was delicious, the sweet tea was good, and the service was spot-on. I've stayed away from it in the past because of its appearance, but I think it fits in well with the area and I wish I had stopped by sooner.
5	Found this place in our own neighborhood thanks to Yelp.  Great breakfast spot.  Excellent value.  Fantastic and friendly service.  We'll be back many times again.
4	Straight up,  no frills country diner/restaurant.   Located in an industrial section on Sugar Creek Rd., the prices are very reasonable,  food is good, and the service excellent.   Around Charlotte places like Dino's are throw backs to a simpler,  less sophisticated way of life when good food and good values were synonymous with working hard for a days pay.   The places that have survived may appear a little worn down, but they still put forth a decent plate at a great price.   I say let's support them!  Credit cards accepted.
5	I love this place!! Whenever I need a home cooked meal this is where I come!! I love their breakfast especially the livermush (liver pudding)!
4	We stopped based on other reviews on Yelp.  While it is not fine dining, the food was hot and tasty.  I can't wait to try breakfast.  The staff makes the place.  They are polite, caring people taking great care of their customers.
5	This is a reg lunch spot for my coworkers and I. The food is amazing and good prices for how much food you get! The staff rocks and they will leave pitchers of sweet tea!! We love the place!
5	I went for lunch and the food was so simple and so delicious. I felt like a kid again eating a home cooked meal. You get a huge amount of food for a great price. My mouth is still watering but my stomach can't absorb any more.
2	4.5 stars????  If you like Denny's, they have a similar breakfast but the bathrooms and decor are horrifying.  No doubt the people are nice but nothing especially good about the food to give such a high rating.  Asked for sugar free syrup for pancakes, no dice.  Coffee is as pain as can be...and no urgency to refill by staff.  I use yelp to determine a true score.  In my opinion Deno has been posting all of his own reviews because no-one would rate this Resturant anything above a 3. I a person rated above this place above a 3, they probable don't use Yelp.  Sorry Deno but put some money into your Resturant because cheep only goes so far!
4	Interesting place. Definitely a down home place. Country as it can get I hope. Lol.I got the hot cakes and sausage links. Fluffy pancakes. Three was enough and I could not eat them three. The staff is southern friendly. From the outside one would not stop to come. So I can say this place would remind you not to judge a book by its cover. This place is definitely a good place to eat and at a reasonable price. The interior is just an dinner setting. Can use a make over but it is warm and friendly. And the place has a very warm and friendly atmosphere. That makes you want to return.A good place to stop in after church or for a week day after work? Really good establishment.
4	Easy breakfast in a quiet family-style restaurant just off North Tryon, I was at a table and placing my order in seconds. Cheese omelet, hash browns and wheat toast with coffee. My waitress was quick, efficient and got the job done.Breakfast was exactly as ordered needing only a few blobs of the Texas Pete that was already on the table. Perfect.$10 with tip, hard to go wrong!
4	I was looking for a good diner for breakfast, and it fits the bill.  Sodas are in a can, and kind of pricey considering that, so coffee or tea is a better drink.  Food was quick, hot and tasty (though sadly the bacon was only ok), and my waitress was attentive.  The decor is not fancy, but that's fine with me, as everything was clean that I saw, and that counts more.  If you want solid simple food that fills you up in a similar setting, this is your place.
4	Absolutely adore breakfast here.  Food comes quickly and is enough to keep me full for most of the day.  Fantastic omelets, hash browns, and biscuits (my usual, it seems).  It is an unassuming, friendly place.
