3	This restaurant has been here forever and is a hidden favorite gem of the land of the dinosaur. (sun city west)Their pizza is always delicious and worth a drive if you live in the west valley.
5	I never give places 5 stars, but this place is worth it!!  I always get a slice of cheese pizza.  It is the cheesiest more delicious pizza I've had. I love this place, I just wish there hours were longer and that they were open on Sundays.
5	I have to raise this review of mine to five stars.  I went here again after a year absence, and have to tell you...Florencia's still rocks and it is even better than before!The up and comer in town was Rosies and now they are off the grid.  But Florencia's is still here and still making GREAT pizza.  Loving the pepperoni and sausage thin crust!!ENJOY!
5	I have turned my nose up to all deep dish pies offered to me in the past. I can only make the assumption that at some point in my solid food eating life, I ate the wrong deep dish! This is by far thee best pizza I have ever eaten! Next stop Italy! Only fair to assume that pizza is better there. The dough is key, and they served me the most perfectly baked, melt in your mouth, flaky crust! Next the sauce, it actually tastes like fresh tomatoes were just crushed that morning and I'm hoping they were......... Amazing! I also had a salad with homemade Italian dressing served with a slice of freshly baked bread. Dressing was also excellent. Soups (homemade of course) are also available. They were serving Italian wedding soup, my favorite, but I passed and went for the salad. As we were finishing up I overheard a women telling her friends that she comes in to the pizzria just to have the soup! That's it, I'm coming back next week! I will be bringing everyone I know to this little piece of Sicily hiding in Sun City West, Az.
4	Good pizza at a reasonable price that's NOT a chain! What more can you ask for? Service is good and the pizza is great. The only downfall is that you have to deal with the Sun City-ers which makes visiting the restaurant annoying. Beyond that, the restaurant itself is clean and simply set up and the food is very good.
3	Pizza was enjoyable but nothing special.  I think people come here for the low cost over quality.
4	Who would guess an outstanding pizza place would be found within "the walls" of sun city west?  Don't be fooled by its ordinary looks... The owners are friendly, the dough is outstanding, great crust. And the sauce is fresh tasting not the usual placid tomato paste found in most other pizza joints. The owner and I had a nice discussion about deep dish dough...
5	Small pizza place serving pizza true Italian style. Got half meat lovers style and half Hawaiian. Both were great and one of the best spots for pizza around. Definitely going back next time I'm in AZ in the mood for pizza.
5	Best pizza in Arizona!
4	Really good pizza and the Greek salad was giant!
5	Best pizza I could find. Great service, great food, and comfortable uniquely decorated restaurant. This is as close as it gets to Chicago pizza. Don't forget to try the Caesar salad.
3	Went here based on Yelp. The deep dish pizza was really crispy and delicious. The greek salad was pretty good also. However, the ambiance and service were odd. The lighting is bright enough to violate interrogation guidelines in most 3rd world countries. Also, it is critically important to note the time you are eating; they close at 8pm. This means that if you get there at 7:15 and are still eating at 8, the staff will be turning chairs upside down, sweeping, and grabbing any dish that you are not holding onto. I definitely recommend the pizza but dinning near closing time is not a great experience.
5	Moving here from Chicago I didn't have high hopes for pizza. There were actually several strike outs before I stumbled upon this little gem. The pizza is as close to Chicago style as I have found. Thin crust or deep dish. Good toppings. Not those nasty turd ball sausage pieces. The salads are amazing too. I highly recommend. This is my go to pizza place.
5	We have been getting pizza's here for years. You can't beat them. They make pizza's like they made them 40 years ago. Delicious.
