4	Now, I'm going to say something a bit controversial here...I really like Starbucks. I like their coffee, I like their cakes and I like their sandwiches. yeh, that's right.This Starbucks is about 5 minutes from my University library, so I've spent a bit of time here. Although it is really small, it has a nice layout and the decor is that of your typical Starbucks. The staff are really friendly too - they always offer a free taste of one of their cakes or sandwiches. Whenever I've been here, I've always found myself lurking for a free table, and when I do the staff practically pounce on me to clear up the remains of the previous occupant. So it's very clean!!This is definitely one of the better Starbucks I've been in. The main server, Iain, recently won the regional competition for 'flat white' (I didn't know there was competitions for coffee....it's like Glee with caffeine)  so it's good coffee too!
3	So yes Starbuck more or less, for sure in large scale, introduced well done coffee to Edinburgh [surely more but hey no assumptions] but I have to say that their coffee isn't that great anymore, for the pure reason that there are so much better coffee to be found in Edinburgh's large amount of cafe's. One thing though, you won't find as creative coffees as 'pumpkin coffee' amongst their selection. They truly are the masters of cake coffee. Free wi-fi is always good, and location is great summer time being next to meadow. They do have rush hours with massive queues and lack of space for the demand but once you get your coffee and find a seat you'll never feel lonely here. To the guy next to me; this isn't a place to be mean to your girlfriend/friend - you made a fool of your self.
2	Best to take awayFew lucky ones with a seatEvery plugin... Used
4	I like this store and very recently it has had a facelift.  I bought a takeaway drink,Staff are really nice and i didn't have to wait to order as i pick a time when there was no queue - win!I know this store gets mental on a hot summers day - so i just avoid it.  it's great to sit and use the wifi and watch people go by if you have nothing else better to do!
5	Another wonderful starbucks in an absolutely gorgeous Edinburgh location! I had a peppermint tea. I know i shouldn't like starbucks but i just do!
4	It's always good to see a familiar face in an unknown area and this is exactly how I feel about this Starbucks. Situated in the lovely area of Quartermile, this Starbucks is a safe haven if you feel a little overwhelmed with all the new names and big buildings.I've only ever been in once and was happy with my service. The staff members were happy to keep smiling whilst I decided on what type of tea I'd like.Comfy sofas, bar with high chairs running along the front of the shop and the ever loved free WiFi, there isn't anything to complain about. If you feel like feeding this coffee giant some of your money and you're in this part of Edinburgh, this is the branch I would send you to.
