5	Amazing cupcakes and wonderful service. Located by The Fossil store in San Tan Village.  We were driving to Scottsdale for Sprinkles and are so happy to have a equivalent in our neighborhood. Huge cupcakes with tons of wonderful perfect flavors. Go see a movie or walk around San Tan Village and make sure to stop by here for some yummy goodness! They also have coffee and tea and some tasty drinks.
5	Awesome upscale bakery in San Tan Village! I had procrastinated on getting something for a b-day celebration and Caketini was able to accomodate my order with 2 days notice! The cupcakes were an absolute hit! =) When I went to pick them up, I noticed they have different specialty cupcakes in their display case and cant wait to be back to try them out. They were a little expensive at $3.75 each but definitely worth it!
4	Excellent cupcakes as you'd expect at nearly $4 per.  They have quite a few mouth-watering options.  We chose strawberry and orange blossom (the chocolatey ones were calling our names, but we were in the mood for something lighter).  The cake was light and very moist, and the buttercream icing was some of the best I've ever tasted.  Service was friendly.  I'd go back on special occasions.
5	YUM YUM YUMMY YUM YUM YUM!!!!!!! First of all let me say that I am highly allergic to soy so it is very difficult to find places that are soy free. I called earlier today and asked if they used soy, the young man who answered said he didn't know. I asked when someone would be available hat would know. He said within the hour. So after doing some things around the house, I ventured over and decided to hopefully treat myself to a cupcake. Such a cute little shop and easily accessible because it is on the corner of the mall so parking is easy with a short walk. I asked if there was soy in their cupcakes, they said they did not know but they could call the manager. After a few minutes they were told that everything without chocolate was soy free. So I ordered a strawberry and a celebration. Once I got in the car I could not resist any longer. I bit into the over-sized strawberry cupcake and it was delicious! The cupcake was light and the butter cream frosting was delightful, it was one of the best cupcakes I have had in forever and I love cupcakes! I will definitely be going back as it is just a hop skip and jump away from home!!!
5	I know...I was just there yesterday but couldn't not get the cupcakes out of my mind.  I went back and got 2 more strawberry and an orange.  Ate the strawberry as soon as I got home.  It was just the same as I remembered it yesterday!  Can't wait till I can't wait any longer and put that orange one in my mouth.  Maybe tonight!
5	My name is Mo! "HI MO" I am a caketini cupcake addict!!! YEAH!!!! So amazingly good. I went back and got another orange, there was only 1 left and it was mine! Gosh I love this place! I think it is too close to my house, but gosh darn it, I love this place MAN!!! so creamy, the frosting that is. the cupcake itself is so moist and there are little pieces o orange in it, oh I can't say anything more. Just try it!!! You will like it:)
5	WOW! These are SUPERB !I only wish they came in miniature size! We had an orange, s'mores, carrot, celebration and chocolate one that I cannot recall the name because I was in sugar heaven! All of the cupcakes were super-fresh and absolutely delish! Coming from Scottsdale, I am delighted to say that it's too far of a drive to do too often (thank GOD or I would be shopping for bigger pants!) but it was quite a wonderful experience! The BEST cupcakes I have tasted (so far, and believe me, I'm a fanatic) in the Valley! The storefront is at San Tan Village by Macy's and is very clean and the staff is very friendly. If you like (or LOVE in my case) cupcakes, GO! They bake cakes too, and they look delish in the pictures but didn't have any on the shelves....YUMMY A+PS I did take pictures before the gobbling began but the they didn't turn out ..
5	So after the 4th visit I am still hooked.  The orange is the best!!!  I did get a cookies and cream for a friend and it received rave reviews too!!!  Seriously, I need to cut back.  Maybe I should limit myself to once or twice a week cupcake visits
2	Subpar and Bland cupcakes. Much better can be had within 2 miles of this place. Keep looking.  $3.75 or a single cupcake!?!? LOLTry The Coffee Shop or Designer Cakes
5	I live out of state and wanted to send birthday cupcakes to my friend. Caketini had them delivered within the hour and hey were perfect!  Thank you!
4	This location took the place of where yogurberry use to be. They changed the decor completely to brown on the insides and even covered up the designed cubby holes that use to hold the gum balls on the side which was kind of dumb because that wall looks funny now sunk in. No music and the girls that were working were just as quite as can be and didn't greet us until we said something. But the place isn't about decor or the workers really, it's about the cupcakes!Now if I remember correctly it is $3.75 per cupcake. $23 for half a dozen and about $45 for a dozen, just a guess because we bought the half a dozen. We came in on the 9th and when we got home we had a couple in our box we didn't tell her we wanted, we ordered the snicker-doodle and the oreo ones but instead got the poppyseed and coconut.  Me and my boyfriend cut them all in half and here is our shared review of what we tried:Poppyseed: Frosting is just whipped butter! No joke, If you like straight butter and some sugar this is for you. The cupcake itself is Angel food cake with poppyseed's in it so it tasted just like a muffin rather than an actual cupcake because of the butter. Coconut: Whipped butter frosting, same as the poppyseed frosting except this one is covered in coconut flakes and sparkles. It's a light white cake batter they use with coconut flakes.Red Velvet: It tasted just like Chocolate cake with red food coloring. Had a cream cheese frosting.Raspberry Lemon: This one was the best out of all of them, it was really good and not ordinary. It had real lemon zest in the cake part and real raspberry's whipped into the frosting.Strawberry: Good, not an over-powering taste like I expected it to be. More strawberry taste than sweet.Confetti: Basic good old fashion confetti cake with white vanilla frosting. Now let me tell you anyone who likes cupcakes are going to say that this place is really good. Who can go wrong with a cup cake!? At least the ones I tried were the very basic simple recipes that can be baked from home and nothing that wow'ed me as far as cupcakes go but then again we didn't try all of them. We will be back because it is a good location to stop in and get a treat while shopping. They also serve drinks and coffee I believe too.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE.  First, after tasting their giant (yet pricey) cupcakes, I knew that I really liked their stuff.  THEN, last weekend my fiance bought me my birthday cake from here, it was a beautiful lemon cake and it was AMAZING.  Literally, I am a cake fiend and this is one of the best cakes I have ever had in my life.  He told me that the cake was pricey, but in my opinion, and as a cake lover, it was gorgeous and tasty so WELL worth the price!
4	I think the cupcakes are good, over-priced for special orders.
5	I cant say I know much about the expensive cupcake trend, but I do know this place is amazing. We tried the s'mores and the lemon raspberry. Both were outstanding.Try it, it's good!
2	I was thrilled when I discovered this place at the mall RIGHT NEXT TO MY HOUSE. I finally went in a few weeks ago and got a cupcake seeing how I absolutely love cupcakes. And it was just meh. It was huge. But it was dry and I was just in love with it the way I wanted it to be. Maybe because it was a week day mid day...it had been sitting for a while. Maybe next time im at the mall I will stop in and try them again but for now...2 stars. Huge cupcakes but it was definitely dry.
4	I like caketini...but not as much as I like sprinkles. They are a little bit more expensive than sprinkles, a little bigger, but kind of tastes like the cupcakes you buy at frys, but a little better. I would go back here, but it's definitely not my first choice.
4	Not the best gourmet cupcake I've had but pretty darn good. The cupcake is moist and the frosting is not too sweet and they have lots of yummy flavors!
1	I've had very inconsistent experiences with Caketini. 1st Experience) The cupcakes were very bland.. hard frosting and an overall dry cupcake.2nd Experience) Cupcakes were much better than the 1st time. Bread was moist and frosting was good.3rd Experience) The worst! My girlfriend brought home 4 cupcakes - they were all very dry and not edible. We tried each one and then threw the four away.Will not go back again with this type of consistency. Designer Cakes by April about a mile away may not be as convenient after dinner and a movie but has had much better cupcakes!
5	I used Caketini for my daughter's destination wedding in March - Mike was wonderful to work with and the cupcakes were wonderful.   They were decorated with the bride and grooms color choice and Mike personally delivered them to our location.  The 2 special cupcakes made just 4 the bride and groom were fantastic.  I highly recommend!!!!!!!
3	Let me say I love cakes and cupcakes or pretty much all things sugar. I was so happy to be walking in the mall with my boys after a movie and see a new cupcake bakery! Even though we had eaten lunch before the movie and ate sugary candy at the movie I still had to go in. The prices were ridiculous! 3.75 for a cupcake?? I still went for it. We ordered the Rootbeer, Tuxedo and Double chocolate and espresso for me. The woman behind the counter seemed as though she really had something else to do and could I hurry???? I asked her for recommendations and she said read the descriptions and pick one with the signature cream frosting. Gee thanks. Quality salesmanship.We sat and dug into our cupcakes. The Tuxedo frosting was white and had no flavor at all. Nothing it was bizarre. The cake was moist and had some sort of filling in the middle which helped the flavor. I didn't finish it. (that says a lot). The Root Beer was super sweet and good I only had a small bite as my older boy was protecting it very well.The Double Chocolate was the best. The frosting had deep chocolate flavors and the cake was moist. I'll get that when(if 3.75) I go back.They were having trouble with their espresso machine so it took awhile to get it and then they gave it to me in a paper cup. Why??? I didn't ask for it to go I was eating in the restaurant. Completely ruined that experience. I'll go back and try again and hopefully improve the rating.
2	I have had one cupcake here, chocolate with peanut butter frosting. As a baker, I can definitely say that the frosting was mostly shortening-not what I expected for the price...the cake was ok, nothing special.
2	My boyfriend and I stopped in on the way to see a movie (he had already inhaled a DQ ice cream, but I'm lactose intolerant, so I was still hunting for something sweet as we walked around the outdoor mall).  Cupcakes aren't exactly my top choice, but as I am a cake decorator, I do enjoy trying out other baker's wares.  We ordered a smores cupcake to split because these things are massive!  For $3.75, it's really not a bad price, especially since Sprinkles costs about the same and the cupcake is half the size.  The cake was very chocolaty and moist, so score one for Caketini, however, I was honestly disappointed at the missing ingredient in my smores cupcake.  They baked a graham cracker crust onto the bottom of the chocolate cupcake, so we've got the grahams and the chocolate, but where were the marshmallows?  Oh, wait, there were 3 or 4 miniature ones on top of the cupcake.  Um...in case no one here has had a smore in a while, the marshmallow is a major component and needs to be given ample representation!  With a cupcake this big, you have a perfect opportunity to fill it with homemade marshmallow filling, or Fluff if you just don't want to waste time making it yourself.  The end result was basically a chocolate cupcake with graham cracker crumbs in it.  It actually made it hard to get through the whole cupcake because both my boyfriend and I lost interested before we had finished it.  Hopefully someone that works there reads this and realizes they are missing a great opportunity to fix a boring cupcake.  I might be back to try another flavor, but honestly, I wouldn't make a special trip.
4	This place is pricey, but the taste is great. They have a lot of different options as far as their cupcakes go. They do a great job of making everything look cute too. I got their lemon cupcake with raspberry frosting. I am not a fan of frosting and this one wasn't that good either. The actual cake part was really good. I would say this is a good place if you are in a serious mood for a cupcake.
2	I visite caketini a few hours ago with a friend. I got the tuxedo cupcake and she got the strawberry flavor. I was very disappointed in m cupcake - the cake was dry and the frosting was a flavor-less whip cream. My friend's, on the other hand, was moist and creamy. Quality is definitely dependent upon the flavor. However, I've had better cakes from my local grocery store than both flavors.
2	I went back, I was at the mall, alone. Sigh what a waste of money and calories. I got the chocolate and salted caramel. I was excited to see the salted caramel as I loved it at another cupcake place. Why did I not make the connection to the white frosting of the last one I ate here? You know that feeling on your tongue when you eat trans fats? The coating it leaves behind? Yep, the salted caramel. No flavor in the frosting but a heavy coating on my tongue. Gross. And I didn't taste any salt they really should be slightly salty. The chocolate was okay. They are $3.75 and really big but just not that good. They do a nice job with the texture of the cake but I worry that is achieved with cisco. I'll take a drier or lighter texture if it's made with butter any day.Oh and still not a warm welcome, just a stare.
4	Delicious Salted Caramel Cupcake. Best sweet and savory dessert I have found.
5	WELL...they did it again!  I ordered a cookies and cream birthday cake and although I could not eat it:(  it was everything I hoped it would be.  EVERYONE, and I mean, EVERYONE raved about the cake and asked where I got it from.  It was absolutely gorgeous.  Perfect size and as I heard it was delicious!!!  I was a bit nervous because I had only ever had their cupcakes but I couldn't have been happier with the outcome.  Just an FYI-when my birthday rolls around I LOVE LOVE LOVE the orange blossom!!!
5	Been looking all over the Valley for someone to do cupcakes for a wedding. This place has the best cupcakes so far!! Lots of choices. I loved the Chi and tuxedo flavors. Soooo good. The Chi really did taste like a creamy, sweet, strongly brewed chi!! The tuxedo was a rich and moist chocolate cake & a very flavorful vanilla cake topped with a whipped cream icing and chocolate drizzle. My boyfriend liked the Mint cupcake. It had a very strong mint flavor with a chocolate fudge icing and fudge filling. We bought a 1/2 dozen to take home and try. Each cupcake is a larger than average size. We split each one in half in order to sample as many flavors as possible. We enjoyed each and every one. The flavor of each cupcake is recognizable by taste and smell. All are moist and have the right ratio of icing, cake, and filling. Honestly, its not just the flavors that sold me. If I'm going to buy cupcakes rather than just make them myself, I want them to be: Larger than average Decorated nicer than I would have been able to do myself Have interesting flavors Fancy and elegant looking Most other places just sell regular size, regularly decorated cupcakes. Caketini cupcakes have everything I'm looking for. My only criticism is that they could step up the cake decoration / presentation a little (Mind over Batter in Tempe has pretty / fancy / elegant decorations on their cupcakes). If your just looking for treats (not a wedding caterer) Caketini is the best.
3	Got to try a few cupcakes from Caketini: Seasonal pumpkin spice, snicker-doodle, and Salted caramel with vanilla. The cupcakes are massive compared to Sprinkles and Top it Cupcakes. All of them were pretty good but my favorite was the Pumpkin Spice which is odd considering I don't normally like pumpkin. The cake was light and airy and the frosting wasn't too sweet but had a great consistency. My least favorite was surprisingly the salted caramel. Normally I love salted caramel flavor but this one didn't have any saltiness and was too sweet actually. Anyways, although the cupcakes were good, I still feel the same way about this place as I do Sprinkles in that they are overpriced but ok for an occasional splurge. I am more likely to go to Caketini again though because I honestly liked the cupcakes better, they were bigger, and because I like the San Tan area better then Scottsdale. If your looking for expensive but cute looking cupcakes, make sure to try this place.
3	I'm a professional baker; a cupcake has to be one of my most scrutinized baked goods.  So when I came across Caketini I was interested in their goods.  I stopped in and bought my husband the pumpkin spice cupcake topped with cream cheese frosting. Let me just say...I was so SATISFIED by the taste I think I actually giggled! Their cake was delicious on its own and then with the added frosting, WOWZA! I went back for another visit a few weeks later and tried the coconut cream and the salted caramel cupcake and both were really good.  These two were not giggle worthy but still gave me a satisfied grin.  Go in and give em' a try!
1	The cupcakes are decent but the kids working there have run me off for good. During my last visit the store was full of teenagers, friends of the kids working there. And while I'm paying $45 for a dozen cupcakes, the employees were handing out freebies to the other kids in the store without any regard for how rude they were being to their paying customers. I understand they have the right to give away anything they want to anyone they want, but they were more interested in impressing their friends than paying attention to the real customers.My wife and I frequent the mall quite a bit and stop in regularly but I doubt we'll be back in anytime soon if we see the same kids working the store.
2	Meh. Had the Celebration (funfetti) and the Red Velvet and they tasted like grocery store cupcakes. The cupcakes are giant but the cake itself was dry and the frosting wasn't much better. No substitute for Sprinkles, that's for sure.
4	I've had Caketini cupcakes at the Scottsdale Fashion Square location but the ones here were definitely more delicious. I bought a S'mores cupcakes and a Red Velvet cupcake. The frosting on the S'mores was slightly dried out but the cake was moist. The red velvet cake was also soft but the frosting tasted more like a marshmellow frosting than a cream cheese frosting which was a bit off-putting. Either way, both were satisfying and the size of each cupcake was big enough to share.
1	So my best friend and I were trying to look for a coffee actually, and stumbled across this place and were very optimistic about trying something unknown. Bad idea. We walked in and the high schooler cashier actually rolled her eyes at us. Not sure why, but definitely was not about to leave after that. As my best friend and I were trying to decide which cupcake to share, I politely ordered a coffee. This employee's response, shocked me to a coffee lover's core as she replied, "Uhhh, do you think you can order something else? I just don't feel like making a whole new pot if it's just one cup of coffee." What  the .... This type of service would not fly back home (Chicago), and I wish that with the poor service here, people would stop coming. I eventually ordered a Vanilla latter and my friend and I decided on the Duet cupcake. We got our cupcake and drink and were about to leave when both of them obnoxiously yelled out, "Bye!" in a very sarcastic tone. While the cupcake was pretty good, it was a tad pricey, and as I got home to drink my hot beverage, she had totally gotten my drink wrong. After about an hour or so, my best friend and I also began to feel really sick and had stomach aches the whole night through. They don't really care about the customer as other places here so, it is at your discretion to go if you please. Don't say you haven't been warned.
3	This place is hit or miss I will admit but I've had enough good experiences to keep coming back. Most recently I had a great experience there. The service was friendly and the cake fresh and moist. They don't look like usual cupcakes serviced at places like Sprinkles but they are still good. If you are at San Tan Mall I do recommend them for dessert..even if that means at 1pm :) i have tried the chocolate and red velvet and enjoyed them both. Not sure on the rest.
4	If you can look past the lame teens working here you will enjoy some big tasty cupcakes.  I've order a custom cake from here too and it was very good, full of flavor, and very moist. Being a retail manager I'm put off by the kids that work here. They must be family of the owners. If I had as many reviews expressing dissatisfaction with my counter help I'd have new staff within days.
4	Went there on a friends recommendation.   They look beautiful and the Salted Caramel sample was yummy.  Can't wait to try the ones we bought.
4	Delicious cupcakes! Large cupcakes! Fresh cupcakes! Worth the cost! I've read several reviews about the workers' attitudes at Caketini. I've never had an issue with the employees there. They have been teenagers each time, but they have been friendly and patient each time too. Perhaps it depends on the time of day. I've never been at night or when it has been super busy. I go mainly during the weekday. Whenever my family and I are in the mood for a cupcake, this is our spot!
2	I was not impressed in the least but by the red velvet cupcake I had a few months ago, add the fact that tit cots $5 and I was not happy. Maybe it was a bad batch or maybe the red velvet cupcakes from Caketini just aren't good...
2	Aw man! I was craving a red velvet cupcake this evening. Hubby was a sweetie pie and decided to drive the 10 minutes each way just to get one for me. (Awesome)You know, it's the cream cheese frosting that makes the red velvet magnificent, right? Well, my frosting looked beautiful, but wasn't cream cheese! It tasted more like butter icing with too much vanilla extract.Oh how disappointing! The cupcake was just aight without it. Boo. Hiss. Grr...Give me my money back.
1	I am a lover of cupcakes, i was SO disappointed in this place. The three flavors i tried: Key LimePumpkin SpiceSalted Caramel Pros:- Cupcake size was very large- Pumpkin Spice frosting was okayCons:- Dry cake (on all the cupcakes i tried)- Key Lime frosting was runny and the cake flavor was bland- Salted Caramel frosting was waxy in texture and the cake was forgettable- Pumpkin Spice cake tasted as if the spices were missing Paying these prices for cupcakes ($12 for 3 cupcakes *including taxes) i expected much more. Needless to say I was not impressed. I would sooner spend my money on a Betty Crocker box mix & frosting than eat these cupcakes again.
4	stopped in for dessert after birthday pizza.  Good selection.  Staff was MUCH NICER this time
5	Ordered a surprise birthday cake for my fiancee'.  On short notice, they put together an awesome cake design that tasted just as amazing! Love this place!
2	Mehh.We picked up five cupcakes for Mother's Day & I really wish we didn't.  Salted Caramel, Key Lime, Lemon Raspberry, the Original Chocolate one & Coconut.  Total came out to $22?  Pricey but okay.  Whatever.  You pay for quality, right?The girl boxed up our cupcakes & the box broke open while we were walking back to my car.  Whaaat??We shared the cupcakes with our mom that night... the cupcakes were dry & the flavors were barely there.  I was embarrassed that we wasted money on such a lackluster present.  Salted Caramel was so promising but had the strangest plastic texture.  The shop is super cute, maybe they were having a bad day?If you're in Gilbert, I definitely recommend going to The Coffee Shop by Joe's Farm Grill if you need cupcakes.
5	I've gotten both cupcakes and gourmet cakes from the Gilbert location, and everything is excellent! I love the tuxedo cake!
3	I've been a fan of the San Tan Village Caketini since it opened, so it's more than a little depressing to have to give them three stars at this point.The quality of the cake really varies. The lemon raspberry is always moist and flavorful. The key lime, sadly is not as consistent. The last time I got it, the cake was dry and fairly bland. Luckily, the frosting is almost always good. Price wise, they're fairly reasonable, considering how large the cupcakes are. What rubs me the wrong way is the staff. I'm not saying everyone who works here is rude, but there's definitely a couple girls who work here who are infinitely more interested in dicking around on their phones or trying to chat up guys than working. And I do get it, especially when business is slow, but I shouldn't have to try to get someone's attention and wait a few minutes to buy a couple cupcakes because someone is too busy texting their friends and rolling their eyes at me.
5	The best cupcakes I've had.  I'm not huge into the cupcake fad like some, but who doesn't enjoy one every now and again?  This place has delicious cupcakes, and while I usually get one to go they also have pretty good drinks and nice indoor/outdoor seating where you can get some people watching in.  We also ordered a custom cake from them one time and it was a good experience.  Cake was what we wanted, on time and yummy.
1	I had my wedding cake made here. Very disappointed in customer service and quality if my cake. I had to call several times to talk with savannah the manager and come down to the shop 3 times to make sure they had what i wanted correct. So day of wedding came they said that the cake couldn't sit out for too long a couple hours so I changes the time of delivery and told them I needed the cake to be ready to cut and eat. It came frozen. I could barely cut the cake. It was also supposed to be just buttercream frosting and 1/2 inch fondant ribbon at the bottom of each layer of cake. My cake came all fondant which I did not want per their opinion that fondant doesn't taste that great. So I was disappointed that no one had called me and asked me about changing it to fondant. It was also too thick not rolled out thin enough so it was more frosting than cake. I emailed them to let them know about my disappointment and have heard nothing from them. This cake was about $600 with a discount coupon I had otherwise would have been $700. I'm giving them one star for the execution of the exact replica of the picture I gave them but that is not worth the price I paid for this cake. So if your looking for a wedding cake I would suggest finding another company to make your cake for your special day. I will not be buying or ordering anything from this bakery again.
2	This was our second visit to Caketini (first experience was great).  Not so good this time, purchased 6 different flavors.  The only good one was the lemon-raspberry.  The rest were somewhat stale and blah. Salted Caramel was huge disappointment, could not tasted that salty yummy taste. Basically, all the frostings tasted pretty much the same and the cake itself was either somewhat stale or very stale.  Service was fine, no problem.
2	A little tricky to find.  They are behind the Fossil store.Basically these are standard cupcakes.  They do have some unique ones (such as pumpkin spice for Halloween).  I had a double-chocolate, and it was good.  But it wasn't $3.75 good.  I could do almost as well at home (I'd just need to learn how to do the butter cream frosting).As I said, the cupcake was good.  But it wasn't GREAT.  And for $3.75 it should be GREAT.  But I suppose if you want something unique (like the pumpkin spice), it might be worth it to come here.
2	This is the 3rd worst cupcake store I've ever been to and trust me, I've been to my fair share of them. The staff was okay. They weren't very knowledgeable but they were friendly enough. Not very personable, just a quick hello and thanks were exchanged. The cupcakes are just over $4 with tax for standard size. At least in other places, it's for the large cupcakes but for a good cupcake, I don't mind paying the price. Except here. Is it too late to get my money back??I got the salted caramel and I'm thoroughly disappointed. I've spent my life with pastries and this was a huge let down for the reputation they have. The frosting was the worst. It tasted and felt like nothing but shortening. It's supposed to be buttercream, not shorteningcream. There was no real flavor to it either. I understand using shortening in moderation with butter but this was all shortening. The only flavor I got out of it was from the drizzled salted caramel on top. The cake was okay at best. They had little tiny bits of random salted caramel in the cake that provided the flavor but otherwise, it was a plain cake. Nothing special. I expected the whole cake to have a caramel taste to it too.I should probably try another one but after that, I'm not expecting any other frosting to be better. I think I'll save my money and try another place. There are plenty of others, that's for sure!
1	Was pretty disappointed in the cupcakes and staff. My husband and I went in and bought six different types of their cupcakes. The staff seemed annoyed and burdened by us being in the shop. Even went as far to roll their eyes at us as we "made" them wait while we decided which six we wanted. When we got home and tried the cupcakes, we were both very let down. Their buttercream is extremely/sickly sweet. They used the exact same buttercream on all six of the cupcakes and had no identifiable flavors on any of the cupcakes. The cakes themselves were okay, though. A couple were fairly dry.
4	After searching every where for my Daughters 16th birthday cake, we went into Caketini. They were SUPER! They did a Fantastic job on the cake and it tasted GREAT. I would recommend them to anyone. Very satisfied!!
5	Today was the first time I finally went into the shop, I've been eyeballing it for some time now and I'm so glad I finally did! The place is so cute inside makes a great little meet up spot with friends. All the cupcakes on display looked so good, And very nicely decorated. I had tried the party cake mix cupcake and by far was the best cupcake I have ever tried! The cupcake itself was a great size, and tasted amazing, as well as did the icing. I will for sure to tell people about this place and get any kind of sweets for a party from this place. I will defiantly be back!
3	I work at the mall, and there aren't many places that I can eat a quick lunch. The menu was kinda hidden and very didn't have many options. I guess that's what you get for buying a sandwich at a cupcake shop? They were out of the Italian bread that I wanted, so I was stuck with marble rye or 9 grain.All in all the sandwich was pretty good, the creamy pesto sauce was the best part! I did wish it had lettuce or spinach or something though. I wasn't overly impressed, but I will probably be back.
1	Worst blended coffee drink ever!  Not sure if it's cheap beans or burnt shot. Had the expresso frappetini (their version of frap) with vanilla and hazelnut. Cupcake was ok cookie dough, nothing special. Actual cookie dough in center should've taste awesome but was gross. I will say I've had their coconut cupcake and wish I had that again.
3	Great cupcakes  I love their cookie dough cupcake it's delicious  especially when warmed up in the microwave... I give them a three because they definitely could work on their service then this would definitely be a five
2	I was very excited to hear of this place, so actually drove out a little ways to grab a few things from here..unfortunately we were very displeased, she bought a few cupcakes and cake pops, now I am not a baker by any means but they were awful, the red velvet...I dont even know what to say, it had a strange flavor to it and I didnt even take but one bite...and I have never had a cake pop I didnt like...until now,  I almost encourage you to try them so you can see how dry and flavorless is was, everything IS very "pretty" but none of it was good. I always give second chances, I have worked in establishments where you have a good crew in there that knows what they are doing, and unfortunately you sometimes have people come and go that take zero pride in their work, maybe it was just a bad round of people working at that time, this was a few months ago, maybe 2 at the most, so on that note, I will return one more time to try once again.
4	The salted caramel cupcake was fabulous. .. Finally a light icing that my daughter likes!  The fresh brewed iced tea tasted wonderful.  Not cheap but definitely a yummy stop after back to school shopping! !
5	I gave Caketini 5 stars because not only are their cupcakes really good, they make beautiful cakes and I thought that was cool. I didn't order one, but I asked one of the girls there some questions and they we're very helpful and informative. They greeted me when I came in and made sure to say goodbye when I left.  Nice little place
5	I am astonished that this bakery only has three stars?!! It's our favorite and never disappoints!  Plus, the customer service is always cheerful and the ambiance is perfect for a quick cupcake seating area with all the natural light. Amazing legitimate bakery that deserves way more than its three stars.
5	We ordered a cake for my son's 10th Birthday.  It was not your typical cake, it was a twisting Rubiks Cube. The cake was done perfectly and a huge hit. It was stable, the cake was moist and everyone just loved it!! Even the staff at Amazing Jake's all came to check it out. Thank you so much for making his 10th Birthday even more awesome !!
1	Went there with my girlfriend, and were excited to get our cupcake fix close to home. Cupcakes look great, but that's where the positives stop. The cookie dough was kinda gross to be honest. Processed cookie dough in the center was not good. And the salted caramel not only didn't taste of caramel or salt, but was actually flavorless and greasy. Yes. Greasy. My girlfriend says it was like eating lard. Note to Caketini: buttercream is made with butter, not oil or shortening. Stop cutting corners with the quality, or yours days are numbered, especially at those prices.
3	My husband and I got two cupcakes last night but didn't eat them until today.  They tasted pretty good.  We got one carrot cake and one orange blossom.  The orange blossom's frosting was very dense and super sweet.  The carrot cake was delish!
2	Cupcakes look better then they are. The packaging and presentation of this bakery is the main reason why I wanted to try it out. I was disappointed the cupcakes are tasteless and the little flavor some cup cakes maybe have really aren't very tasty. Very blah. Had the cookie dough, key lime pie, vanilla with sprinkles and some others that I can't remember.
4	Great cupcakes!
5	We ordered a cake from Caketini for my sister's baby shower back in September and I'm still thinking about how tasty it  was! Definitely the best cake I've ever tasted. I live out of state and have been craving that cake for months now! The design was exactly what we wanted and the taste was even better. We chose a vanilla cake with vanilla custard....to die for. Everyone at the shower was ranting and raving about how delicious this cake was. I will be back during the holidays to get my Caketini fix!
4	I passed it a few times whenever going to watch a movie at the Harkins Theater behind it. I never see alot of people inside just maybe a few but I saw the menu and facebook posts of the page and I'd like to try it because it look good.I do like their cupcakes but please don't advertise a menu outside the shop when its not available. I had to go back 3x (when I get a chance to) for the Smores Cupcake to be available. The Caramel Cupcake "oozing caramel inside" doesn't really ooze out when you cut it in half, but its good. For me I'd like more oozing caramel, that when you cut it in half - basically caramel oozes out.Service is very friendly and inviting so def. coming back and hopefully next time they'll get extra batches of marshmallows for the Smore's since 'they ran out' that's why they don't serve it. I mean I would want to buy the cupcake itself and buy marshmallows at Walmart - and just add it on lol
