4	Stopped into this salon to get my my nails done and ended up having a facial here - I will be definitely coming back to Marieta.  She cleaned my pores really well, and my skin is glowing.  It was kind of painful since my skin was pretty clogged with about a million little blackheads, so I had this yucky dullness.  After my facial I did have some blotchiness for the rest of the day and into the next, but then... my skin looked amazing!  I think most facialists don't give you a really deep cleaning because they are afraid to hurt you (then maybe you wont come back!) This was the only facial where I thought I got my money's worth.  The atmosphere is nice enough, nothing special, and there's no tea lemon water or anything, which is kind of a bummer for me at a salon.
4	My husband purchased a Salon gift package for me here.  I have received a facial and massage.  The ladies are WONDERFUL!!!  Very helpful and knowledgeable, I will be returning many times in the near future.  The facialist even gave me her personal number in case I had any complications or questions.  I thought this was fantastic, and put me at ease since I have not received many facials. The only reason I don't give it five stars is because the decor and ambiance could be updated/changed.
5	Great Salon, Excellent prices and you love the work they do.  Ask for Sherry I use her I wont go anywhere else.
5	i LOVE this place!  Emily J. rocks!  Nice building, relaxing environment, and very professional.  Great prices for their services!  I've only gotten haircuts (around $25) and partial highlights (around $65) here, but now i won't go anywhere else.
4	I've never had anything but my nails done here which is why I'm giving a 4 rather than 5 since I cannot personally speak on the other services. But Dex, who did my nails for about a year while I lived in town was AMAZING and deserves 5 stars!! She was always on time, kept my appointments, worked quickly and did a great job every time. My nails had never looked better! Wish I didn't move away...I still haven't found anyone as talented as her. Miss you Dex!
5	Abby does amazing work!
4	I started going to Carey several months ago. She just moved to Salon Esprit, and I would highly recommend her. I get highlights and a cut for $85.00  and am very pleased! The salon is in the Fry's shopping center.
5	I get my nails done there. Dex Nolan is my nail tech. She does and awesome job! I like that they call to confirm my appt. Great place.
5	Amie has been my stylist for 2 years.  She has cut, colored, highlighted, Brazilian blown out,  and repaired damage that I have caused while trying to get the green swimmers hair removed on my own.  She tries to make herself available on short notice as often as possible.  I love her bubbly personality and her ability to make me walk out of the salon feeling beautiful... Every time! Staff is friendly,  stylists are all professional and it's a clean environment.
4	Love my hair dresser Bethany and how friendly everyone is at this Salon. Highly recommend it.
5	Cindy is the absolute best for a facial. I come once a month for a chemical peel.  Her prices are extremely reasonable and she gives the best neck massage I have ever had.  My skin is glowing.  She also is the best eyebrow waxer.  Cindy will  take the years off of your face!
5	Great salon! Coming from Chicago they do an even better job for a third of the price! My hairdresser, Brittany, does an amazing job on my highlights and cut and always has great recommendations that leave me walking out loving my hair! You won't be disappointed if you go here!
5	Here to let Dex work her magic!
5	Amie has cut and highlighted my hair several times. She does a great job. The prices are very reasonable, and it is easy to get an appointment.
5	My nail tech recently retired and I've tried several other salons but I wasn't happy until I found Susan at Salon Esprit.  She is great and makes my time very pleasant, relaxing and enjoyable.
5	Going to a new salon can be nerve wrecking! I did a full weave, trimmed off 3-4 inches and I love it! Rachel did an awesome job!
5	Looking forward to my nail appointment with Susan today.
