5	It is my pleasure to review this company and it's owner, David Glick.  David and I have known one another for years and on 5 occasions he  repaired my computer and instructed me clearly and distinctly on installing software.  He was instrumental in assisting me with setting up my first website years ago.  David is consciencious, caring, dependable, patient and the "best in the business" when it comes to computers.  My suggestion is that you look no further  than The Mobile Tech Computer Repair in Glendale, Arizona, for the most competent and fairly priced company in the business.  Sylvia Sharenow
5	I wrote a review on July 3rd regarding the professionalism, quality of service and dedication of  Mobile Tech Computer Repair.  Yesterday,   my computer decided to act up and I was not able to use MSWord, so I called  and spoke to David Glick, the owner.  He  got onto my computer, remotely, and a few hours later had  completely fixed the problem.  Even though it was a Holiday and he was not working, his dedication and caring again was remarkable.  I know you will agree that this dedication of service is very unusual in this day and age.  So, just give them a call for all of your computer glitches.  AGain, thanks so much David.  You are truly a STAR.  Sylvia S.
5	David was most helpful in a very short time. After I explained the ongoing problem with my aging laptop, he told me it wasn't worth repairing due to the expense of the repair compared to the cost of a brand new computer. Then he offered to recover my data from the hard drive in case it wasn't backed up (it was!).All in all very professional service and great attitude, I'd use them again in a heartbeat.
5	This is the best idea EVER!!!! David is the man and was so helpful for me. He was cheaper then most places I called and he came to me, can't get much better then that. He had my computer fixed and ready to go in less then 15min. Anyone and everyone call David!!!
5	I contacted David to help me fix a hardware problem. Very helpful even giving me more tips after the work was done. He is a good stand up person who is more than fair. Pricing is lower than Geek Squad and other shops so you will get the best bang for your buck with him.
5	I've heard bad things about this business in the past but I had no other location that could of fixed my laptop so I gave it a shot. It took some time like 4 or 5 days but they fixed my screen and I'm glad its working. I'm planing 2 bring my other 2 computers there soon.
5	Dave is such a pleasure to work with. Very professional and was able to debug both my Desktop and lap top remotely. Looking forward to the annual maintenance service he provides. Prices were very reasonable and David was very helpful in making me feel comfortable about what he was doing. Very willing to answer any questions no matter how small. Mostly I liked the ease of getting ahold of him.
5	These guys fixed my iPhone twice now. Excellent customer service. Repaired my phone quickly and at a reasonable price. Thanks Glick's Mobile Computer Repair.
