3	I ate here last night.  There are aspects of the space that I really appreciated such as the stone walls and artwork.  It's very cozy and seems like a nice escape from the hustle of walnut, however it is so freakin' loud.  I usually don't mind the noise in restaurants in fact I don't recall ever commenting on the sound factor, but this place is reallly loud.  I guess there's good and bad with loudness.  The bad is obvious, but the noise and close quarters does paradoxically provide a level of privacy, because the tables are so close together that if it weren't loud your neighbor could here every detail of your conversation.  The service was excellent.  The place was packed not an empty seat in the house.  Our waitress was efficient and didn't seem intrusive.  We ordered a bottle of a very reasonably priced white wine.  I think around $45 for the bottle.  It was delicious and paired well with the food.  I was a little surprised that the bread was cold and I think they could be a little bit more creative with the butter or dips that are paired with the bread.  They could take a lesson from Jonathan at Alla Famiglia.  My friend ordered a very delicious looking salad.  She said it was very good.  I'm not much of a salad guy, but I can pretty much tell how the rest of the courses are going to taste after looking at the salad.  This one had many great ingredients outside of your average lettuce, tomato, etc.. I ordered the escarole and beans instead of the salad.  They were quite good.  I really liked the sauce and the greens were delicious.  A little parmigian to top off the dish was perfect.  I ordered the small size and I could have ate it as an entree'.  I had the salmon and risotti for my entree'.  The salmon was cooked perfectly and the risotto was pretty good, but I've certainly had better.  The flavors didn't stand out as much as I would have liked.  My friend ordered a ravioli with cream sauce and peas.  She said it was delicious and I sampled and concurred.  The pasta was cooked perfectly.  This is a good spot.  I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could instead of 3.
5	I've recently moved away from Pittsburgh, and Girasole is one of the places I miss the most. It's tiny and can be loud, but the food is amazing, the atmosphere is fantastic, and I can't wait to go back. I'd especially recommend the pumpkin ravioli, which appears on the menu in the fall. Because it is small, it's well worth calling ahead for a reservation. Otherwise they will take your name and cell phone number, and you're free to wander around Shadyside until a table opens up.
4	Cozy and comfortable, our food was really good, and the waitstaff friendly and efficient!The mussels were great (garlic madness) and they split some entrees for us in the kitchen. wowowow.Will definitely try and revisit next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	Excellent Italian food.  Very cozy - not a place where you want to have a business dinner, but go if you have some close friends and you don't mind yelling over the table.  The food is fantastic - any of their raviolis will do.  Service is attentive, and their pastas come with soup or a hefty salad.  Reasonable prices, given the quality.
5	Girasole is probably my favorite restaurant in the Walnut St. corridor.  I specifically want to talk about their salad.  I know this charming and cozy Italian restuarnt is not a one trick pony (their various Raviolis being especially exceptional) but their signature Girasole Salad is really something special.  In Italian the word "Girsole" means "Sunflower," a flavor that really comes through in this salad.  Not only is the salad sprinkled in sunflowers, the dressing is made of some blend of sunflower oil and vinegar and really makes the salad stand out from its peers.  I have thought this dressing so deliciously tangy and unique, I've bought it from the restaurant in a bottle on more than one occasion.  Served in a generous helping, you can order the salad with chicken or shrimp, which are always tender and succulent.  Red onions and gorgonzola really complete the flavor experience.  Really, it's the number one salad in town.
3	i know i'm probably going to look pretty bad for not giving the usual four or five stars. but my experience wasnt that great. food: my spinach ravioli was pretty good. sadly my salad was over dressed, like wet. i looked over and the other lady's salad was just fine. maybe they had it against the one top. service: i was promptly seated and greeted with a warm smile. bread arrived as i was viewing the menu (very nice) my waiter seemed nice at first. i over heard him ask another one top if he was going to get dessert. so i was looking forward to dessert. as the meal progressed all the other servers were fine. but sadly when i was done with my entree i wasnt offered dessert. instead i got my check RIGHT as soon as my plate was taken away. i was kinda annoyed that i didnt get the SAME one top service as the other man. i tipped 20% anyway because i used to serve. i probably wont be coming back because of the lack of attention to a single diner. *for me you need to treat all customers with the same attention regardless if they are alone or not.decor: the place itself is cute. had i gotten better service i might give this place more stars.i wont be coming back unless someone specifically ask to come here. i rather go where they treat everyone the same.
4	Four stars because there's always room for improvement, but this restaurant is great.  Most recently there to celebrate, we shared a bottle of Prosecco and started with the escarole and beans.  Get the tortelloni with peas and prosciutto in a light cream sauce before it disappears from the menu in the summer.  The seared scallops were divine as well.  Top it off with the light, delicious coconut or lemon cake and you'll have eaten a meal fit for a king.  Service is great also.  The place is cozy (read: cramped) but trust me, you won't mind.
1	I recently had a horrible experience at Girasole. I used to really enjoy going to this restaurant due to its cozy atmosphere and decent Italian food. However, this past visit was unfortunate. The host was horrendous and extremely rude. I had brought my parents, who were visiting from out of town, and they were appalled at how rude the host was. Girasole is usually quite busy but it was also disorganized. I had made a reservation and arrived early knowing that there would be a wait. However, we saw three tables be seated prior to us, all of which had arrived much after us. When we tried to tell the hostess, he was even more rude than when we had arrived. To be honest, I could have overlooked the seating other parties prior to us if we had at least been given a friendly smile or a warm welcome. Regarding the food, it is adequate, nothing in comparison to other much more exciting and fulfilling Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh.
4	After my bad service experience at Girasole, the manager apologized and compensated me for my troubles. I would definitely go back, considering that the unfortunate situation I encountered was out of the norm for this usually friendly, cozy restaurant.
5	Girasole is a great, little restaurant just off Walnut.  I love the cozy atmosphere and the decor.  I LOVE the salad and escarole & beans.  Perfect!  Vito, the owner/waiter is awesome.  They do a great job.  I think you can have parties there on Monday evenings (that take up the whole space), FYI.
4	I've been a fan of Girasole since it opened.  I love the quaint, cozy atmosphere and the food has been great 99.5% of the time.  A place for a gathering of friends to chat loudly across the table at each other.  I enjoy both lunch and dinner,  but the evening meal's much more fun. A seasonal menu offers a variety of traditional dishes, as well as daily specials.  House favorites are the gnocci with mozzarella, polenta with escarole and ravioli are great.  Summertime brings great seafood specials like the seared scallops.  In the fall, definitely try the pumpkin ravioli in a light cream sauce.  With dinner, a glass of wine and dessert, you can drop about $45 per person.  The atmosphere is a modern dressy casual, with jeans, jackets and cute summer dresses.  The one room establishment is small, making intimate conversation difficult when you're practically sitting on top of the table next to you.  Definitely not recommended for parties over four.   In addition, if anyone in your party has difficulty climbing steps, I would suggest going somewhere else.  You need to climb down about 7-8 steps to get inside.  Street parking is available throughout the area, there is also a parking garage and two metered lots one block away.
4	I don't know if coming early would help any... but when we got there at 8pm, the place was hoppin'. There were people seated from as close to the kitchen and all the way up the stairs by the sidewalk. There were hopefuls milling about a bit to get down and place their name for a seating. When we were able to reach the desk, the wait time was 50 minutes.We went to Mercurio's for a while, took a stroll around Walnut, and eventually sat down by some very convenient benches nearby. After what we thought was 'adequate' wait time, we peered a bit over the fence and down towards the man (who we think may have been the owner). After a bit, he nodded at us, and started moving a couple of tables around inside. We took that as a signal, meaning, "Come on down. I'm wrestling these tables apart for you."We ordered the carne special (steak with alfredo for $30) and the torcia ($15). I wouldn't say that they were the best that i'd ever had, but they were pretty good. The vegetables are fresh; the pasta was just right and sauced/souped enough to my liking. The service, provided mostly by Diane, was excellent. She was friendly and attentive, despite the throngs of customers. The crowds are loud, the atmosphere very.. cozy.. and the walkways very narrow, and, yet, the food and drinks keep coming, accident-free. It seems like it could be highly stressful for the servers, but Diane was smiling every time she came back. Awesome.
2	We were disappointed. A client recommended Girasole to us on a recent trip to Pittsburgh. While the food was alright (not spectacular) our waitress was the worst and for some reason, on the warmest day of summer, the a/c was not on. Everyone in our party was schvitzing and trying hard not to ask our waitress to drop the attitude.  The food was fine, but again, when the rest of the experience is poor it really doesn't matter how good the food is. We won't be back.
4	I've had quite a time finding a good local restaurant but am pleased that Girasole has finally filled that need for me. It is tucked away in Shadyside, under, I might add, one of the best places to get ice cream in the city. We went for lunch, on a weekday, and the place was packed but we were given a table quickly and the service, overall, was fast and friendly. Their lunch menu did not have a lot of options - but I would rather see a place focus on a few items and do them really well than spread themselves over several mediocre offerings. I opted for the potato gnocchi in a marinara with fresh mozzarella and my husband ordered the penne in marinara with roasted chicken... bot of us were really happy with our entrees. For me, the star was the salad. I am never a real fan of salads in restaurants but this one was excellent. The lettuce was fresh and perfectly balanced - garbanzo beans, Gorgonzola, sunflower seeds, shaved red onion, and nicoise olives (the only thing that I left on the plate) dressed with a house sunflower vinaigrette dressing. I'd certainly recommend this for a casual lunch/dinner -- I really want to head back if only just for the salad! In warmer months they also offer seating outside.... for dessert, head upstairs for some amazing gelatto.
3	Girasole is a small Italian restaurant off Walnut Street that serves up decent Italian food.  I've only been to Girasole during dinnertime, with my last visit being last night.  Most patrons appear to be late 20's/early 30's to older patrons in the late 40's/early 50's as well as some college students here and there.  The restaurant itself is pretty cramped and ridiculously loud.  Tables are close together and patrons are all basically shouting to talk to each other or awkwardly sitting in silence.  I'm a loud guy who's at college and loud noises typically don't bother me, but something about the acoustics of the room... noises just bounce around instead of getting absorbed and the metal tables don't help either.  Anyways, on with the food.Their menu is seasonal with slight changes in their pasta throughout the year.  Everyday they have a fresh poultry, a fresh fish, and a fresh meat of the day.  Their fresh fish was a grilled mako shark, but alas they were out for the night already (we got there before 6:30 PM).  All entrees come with a choice of soup or salad.  I ended up ordering their house ribeye medium rare along with a cup of their wedding soup.While we waited, we munched on bread from their bread basket.  Butter comes with the bread, but they also have balsamic and olive oil at each table too.The wedding soup was pretty good; it wasn't overly salty and there was a reasonably amount of sausage.  I picked soup over their salad because my past experience with their salads are that they are swimming in dressing and I don't like my salads soggy.The ribeye came topped with a pesto, diced tomatoes and served with roasted potatoes.  It was cooked to medium as opposed to medium rare, but for a steak under $30 bucks I'm not going to make a big deal out of it.  The pesto was flavorful but the roasted potatoes were a bit overcooked.  The steak itself had a beautiful char and cooked well as a medium steak.I've had their pasta in the past and they're of pretty good quality and cooked perfectly, but the portions have gotten smaller over time and I don't think the $3-5 dollar upcharge from the lunch menu is really worth it for dinner anymore.I would probably recommend Lydia's over Girasole, but it might be worth a shot for lunch when it won't be as loud and there probably wouldn't be a wait either.
4	Very very nice small Italian restaurant . Seating is very limited but food and service are wonderful . My only small complaint is the price for a bottle of wine is a little pricey . They should make at least several bottles a bit more reasonable .
2	After months and months on hiatus I have made a resolution that I think I'll actually be able to keep (unlike the NYE 'resolutions' exercise and less carbs) and that is to get back to the good work of keeping up with yelp and my amateur reviews.  It started to feel like homework, but all fair and decent people need be warned of the good and the bad this and other cities have to offer by impartial peers'.  Now, it saddens me that my first update of 2010 will be such a disappointing experience that was Girasole last night.  However, I feel the need to document the experience immediately.  If only some other yelper could have prepared us for such disrespect perhaps we wouldn't have been taken so off guard (hence my warning to you...).  The lady and I wanted to try somewhere newish and I hadn't been here in over a year when I was the second to review this joint on yelp in 5/08.  I'm sure much of what I said then applies today, very loud...decent service, a little above average food with a seasonal menu.  I call and make a reservation well in advance so as to try to mitigate what I seem to remember always being a wait...We arrived at 8PM sharp for our reservation and don't get anyones' attention for a little while, but eventually do see who I assume is the owner.   We mention our reservation, he says no problem 15 min...Great!  I understand you're busy and we'll just wait a while...15 min, 20 min, 25 min...Okay, I'll try to make this easy.."Sir, may I please give you my cell so you can just call when the table for 2 opens?"..."Sure, what is it?".  We go across the road to starbucks and wait for the phone to ring 30 min, 35 min, 40 min, 50 min...Now, keep in mind I booked a reservation well in advance.  We go back to the restaurant and wait again cramped like sardines cautious to make eye contact, which we do.  Okay, I know what you're thinking why not just leave?  I've already admitted it's nothing special.  I know you've been there...we kept thinking what if we leave now just when he's about to call.  So, we continue to wait and then someone walks in right behind us bumps Annie out of the way and just stands for maybe 30 seconds...the owner runs over bursts through Annie and I and just grabs the couple and seats them immediately.  I have never seen such blatent disregard for other customers'.  It was clear these folks were just regulars so he seated them ahead of everyone...what's so bad is it was right in front of us.  I can appreciate that we are not regulars' , but c'mon pops' have a little discretion.  Please take this as a cautionary tale, doesn't matter if you have a reservation, doesn't matter if you leave your cell (btw, still hasn't rang) and you pretty much don't matter if you're not a regular'.  There is a happy ending...We ended up at the bar at Eleven, I had a great tuna tartare and a piece of fish and Annie had a wonderful order of steak/frites.  We won't be back to Girasole.
4	This restaurant was great when I came here with Charles for a date, but less great for a large group. Its basement space just off Walnut in Shadyside is cute when you're looking for a romantic restaurant, but quickly seems overcrowded when you have more than a few tables full. It's especially bad for a large crowd (I brought a party of 12 from my dorm one time, and they really struggled to set up tables for us). A friend has told me he's had issues getting them to honor table reservations, too...On the bright side, the food is reliably very good, and the prices aren't even very high. There's sometimes live entertainment, which can either be annoying and too loud or fun and festive, depending on your expectations. I love that they have seasonal menus! I'm still thinking about last year's pumpkin ravioli...
2	They need to take out about 4-5 of the tables they have packed in this place - Way to crowded.    Not to mention there was a guy singing and playing an accordion on the night we went for dinner.  Would have been fine except for the fact that there are 10 people too many in the place to begin with and then he wanders around the dining floor going table to table.  Wanted to pay the guy to stop for 30 min while I ate!Pasta dishes are way overpriced and honestly not that great.  $20 for noodles and meat sauce... Dinner specials/entrees are your best bet and were very good. but also way over prices.    Didn't have desert but multiple people in my dinner party raved about one of the cakes they had.   Simply put - this place does not execute the level of food their price points represent.  I'm all for paying for a good meal but when it falls short.... and this place does!Overall a very disapointing night out.
5	I've been going to Girasole's for years with my family and friends. I've had basically every vegetarian and fish dish, always to a great pleasure. The wine list is short but excellently prepared, the chianti is always superb - sempre! For those who complain about space clearly do not understand the dynamics of a small restaurant space that would rather have a few tightly packed tables then actually take tables away. Either people would complain about their not being enough tables or that there isn't enough room, Girasoles choose the latter. Dinners are too spoiled in Pittsburgh, they expect good food to be accompanied by enough space for a family of 8, not to mention they have a fear of being close to fellow dinners - though I have no idea why? I recommend going for lunch - particularly if you don't like crowds. You'll most likely get to meeting Phi or Geno which guarantees great conversation and a great experience.
5	The food is amazing, the atmosphere is fun, and I always leave satisfied. Can you ask for more?Food: The gnocchi is one of my all-time favs. It's quick & great for take-out too. Their house salad dressing is AMAZING. The winter menu has this crimini & prosciutto ravioli that is seriously dangerous. It's so good. The tiramisu - again - amazing.Atmosphere: Cute for a date, wouldn't recommend bringing a crowd. Can get kind of loud, but I think it's fun & cozy.Extras: The service is always fast & you can BYOB even though there is a wine list. Sweet!
3	This place is a little pricey and pretentious for what it offers.  The menu's kind of short and not always easy on the wallet, especially the daily specials supplement.  The ambiance is neat, but like all other reviewers have said, it gets loud.  I think it contributes to a classy, European feel though.  My boyfriend and I don't talk too much when we eat so the noise wasn't a problem.I had the spaghettini which has spinach and clams.  It was watery, but didn't water down the taste so it's forgivable.  My boyfriend had the ravioli (I forget what the filling was, but I don't think it was vegetarian).  The sauce with the ravioli -- a vodka-type sauce -- was tasty and great for dipping bread.Despite NOT ordering the cheapest items on the menu, we were still perceived as cheap college students (maybe we should've dressed up a little?).  The waitress gave us the check immediately after we finished without interesting us in coffee or dessert.  A shame.  We were planning to order tiramisu, but we decided to watch our waists anyway and just paid and left.  Tsk tsk.
4	Oooooh the lamb shank! My mouth waters just by the thought of it. I have eaten there quite a few times, and their dinner specials are amazing. Usually very reasonably priced under $20 and HUGE portions. Besides, the Girasole salad with chicken is one of my all time favorite salads. IT's also a cozy little place for a friendly dinner. Not one of your romantic restaurants though, because it is small and gets loud. Make reservations ahead.
4	Food: very good, seasonal menu with at least 3 vegetarian friendly entrees when I was there (soups weren't veg-friendly), all three entrees we ordered, particularly the gnocchi, were excellent, house dressing is good tooDrinks: full liquor selection and good beer choices tooAtmosphere: we sat outside, and the patio is great, unique arrangement, feels very EuropeanService: prompt, friendly, overall very good(+): connected to Creamery upstairs, so if they run out of a specific desert, always great options to bring back to your table(-): could have used more bread, both in the basket and refilled more often
3	The food was stunning. My two recs: spinach and ricotta ravioli and sausage risotto. The texture of the ravioli shell was perfect - slightly al dente and thick, perfectly complimenting the fragrant tomato cream sauce. And I had just tried making a batch of my own risotto and failed (it was much too soft), so I could appreciate the precise crunchy-to-creamy ratio of Girasole's risotto. It tasted even better as leftovers the next day. And staying true to their name (girasole means sunflower in Italian), their fresh salad was served with crisp roasted sunflower seeds.So why the three-star rating? You know the feeling of gazing into a cozy home on a cold night, with your nose pressed against the window, longing to come inside and rest by the hearth? That's how I felt the entire time I was eating here. The restaurant's interior is enchanting - warmly lit with charming artistic details. I was so excited to experience that atmosphere, but no - we weren't allowed to. Even though we had made an 8 PM reservation, they seated customers without reservations inside, and put us at a ramshackle table beneath a flight of stairs outdoors. There were not even enough chairs for all three of us at that table. I had to grab a chair for myself, and just as I was getting comfortable in my seat, one of the waiters rudely told me to move. In fact, it seemed like my chair was always in some waiter or customer's way; I had to keep moving it throughout dinner. The table was extremely unstable, and our waitress had to put something under one of the legs so that our food and candle would not fall off. I'm not even sure what she used because it was so dark. Next time, I'm ordering take out from this place - love the food, but I'd skip the makeshift service and overcrowded environment in a heartbeat.
3	antipasto and bruschetta were very good but the prices for wine are way too high.
4	Great place to get an authentic meal. Great wine selection with generous portions. The house dressing is to die for.
4	Love the atmosphere of the Girasole dining room.  Its a loud, cramped, Shadyside basement with Italian wine, great Italian food.  Sunflower salad is always a great start.  And the oso bucco is to die for.  As well as anything with fresh ricotta.Also THE BEST catering I've found in Pittsburgh.  The chef will work with your budget and event and everything will fit together perfectly.
4	After seeing a few bad reviews on other blogs I felt compelled to write a review of my own. I've eaten here numerous times and always had a wonderful experience. The food is amazing, the atmosphere fantastic and the waitstaff, attentive. It feels like you are eating dinner in a wine cellar-super cozy. A great place for a date!To the negative reviewers: If you have a problem waiting then don't go to a tiny restaraunt on a Friday or Saturday night and expect to get seated immediately. Or have some patience.My recommendation: call and make a reservation for a little earlier than you would prefer to eat. Go check in, the owner (a very charasmatic little italian Pittsburgher) will take your number and then go across the street to Alto and have a drink or two and relax. I highly recommend eating here- the specials are always great and the sunflower seed dressing is to die for.
5	One of my favs in pgh. I usually get girasole salad with chicken but they have seasonal specials and it is just an awesome place!Their salad is simply delicious. Every time I've gone there I hadn't said "this is average at best" I think it is always the best.
5	For my 100th review...I'm taking it back home. Girasole is a lovely little italian restaurant tucked away in a basement on Copeland Street. They have outdoor seating that is secluded from all the hustle and bustle on Walnut Street so it's definitely ideal for a date in the summer. Our service was wonderful and the waitstaff was incredibly attentive. My friend and I split a bottle of chianti and started off with some delicious escarole and beans. The escarole was still slightly al dente and was swimming in a pool of beans with garlicy, plump fresh tomatoes . We asked for extra bread twice to sop up all of the juicy goodness. We also split the bruschetta, which came styled with ricotta cheese. It was also delicious. I picked the spinach and ricotta ravioli, which were large little pillows of warm goodness. I think there were only 4, but they were huge and also swimming in another delicious sauce. The herbs were so fresh and delightful in this dish. Everything at Girasole is rustic and bursting with flavor. Anytime I'm home I come back for an enjoyable meal in the sun. Classic Italian food.
4	In Boston's North End, you're not getting an authentic Italian meal, if there isn't a Vinny, Joey, and Tony hanging out in the back.  So what's Pittsburgh's equivalent?  I've been driving around through the more urban areas thanks to Garmin's preference of ease over safety -- and I drove past a Little Italy sign.  Perfecto!  But it just looked like a shopping mall -- and I didn't see anything Italian, other than someone wearing an MTV's Jersey Shore t-shirt.Anyways, near me was Girasole -- with takeout.  So this review has nothing to say on service or atmosphere.  The food, however, was really good.   The side salad with the entrees was excellent -- with a lot of extras, such as chickpeas, feta cheese, cherry tomatoes, etc.  Most side salads are just dumped from a Costco "Bag of Salad," but this was really nice, and could stand alone as its own entree.The gnocchi was pretty soft and light -- the ravioli tender and juicy -- and the sauces were excellent.  Again, these were eaten out of a container, on our moving boxes, with no wine (spare your gasp, I know).  I think the prices are a bit on the higher end of the 'burgh, and would've expected a bit more for the price, but overall pretty satisfied.
5	Upon moving to Pittsburgh from Chicago, we were slightly ho-hummed by the food untilllllllllll happening on this quaint restaurant on the corner of walnut st.Very cool to have a seasonal menu that changes many times a year!  My dear had the SQUID INK which was "better than what we can find in Chicago".  I opted for the SPINACH SPAGHETTI with tomatoes, corn and buffalo mozzarella which tasted so fresh and delightful I wish it could be summer all year round.   Corn was fresh off the cob.Little details of the restaurant---the unique balsamic and oil container, the paintings on the wall for sale, the rustic feel--contributed to a lovely lunch and my first 5 star rating for a restaurant in Pittsburgh.
5	What is there to say about Girasole? An Italian owner who wanders around the restaurant (often with a glass of wine) greeting friends and customers and kibitzing with staff; a friendly staff; and fantastic food. Seriously, the food is great. Order anything on the menu & you won't be disappointed.The best part about Girasole, though, is the intimate indoor & outdoor atmosphere & the wine. Pours are generous, and there's a fantastic selection to choose from. If you're having difficulty, your server will be happy to help you, too (ask for Ryan). Did I mention the wine? Seriously, the pours are generous, and if you MUST bring your own, bring a lot, because the corking fee is very reasonable.
5	Let's say I am slightly biased, because I'm pretty certain I am Girasole's biggest fan... No seriously...  I recently moved to Houston (well 5 years ago now), and I literally arrange to meet family and friends at Girasole, because as much as I love my family and friends, let's face it, I plan my trips home around Girasole.  I never miss the chance to dine here...and I typically will skip lunch as I tend to eat a lot... hey Houston does NOT have decent Italian food and even if they did, it wouldn't be Girasole!  I ALWAYS have the spinach & ricotta ravioli with the salad AND of course I never skip the Gnocchi (I swear both sauces are some of the BEST in the entire world)... I usually skip white bread, but not here, I use it to scoop up the extra sauce.  The tiramisu and lemon cake are to die for as well.  Be sure to tell Pi aka Mr. Girasole that Emilie from TX sent you... it's literally my home away from home!
4	This place is right by my church and I've always walked by it, but never stopped to eat here. Ate here for lunch today and I enjoyed it! They have outdoor seating so it's real nice when the weather's nice.The staff is super friendly. The owner (I think that's who he was) walks around and makes sure everything is all good and the other staff members are nice as well. The food is pretty good! I got the potato gnocchi, YUM. I also enjoy when entrees come with a soup or salad, which this place did. Only thing is.. we didn't have utensils for the longest time and our server didn't notice even when she brought us our salads. Brought our salads and then left. We had to flag somebody else down to get them.I would come here again (:
4	Love this place!  It's right off of Walnut and very tiny, and usually packed.  They have a decent wine selection and the food is excellent.  I recently had the house salad and the Spinach Ricotta Ravioli (Yum!).  Everything was excellent and couldn't be more satisfied.  Service was quick, even though the place was jammed.  Don't expect any privacy in this place as they can really pack the people into the limited space.  The owner is a very personable older Italian-American gentleman, that is always walking around, sometimes with a glass of wine, which to me, just completes the ambience of this place.  Love it!
5	Two of us went on Tuesday night around 7:30 and though the very small restaurant was full we were able to get a seat in 10 minutes. Both of our meals, I had bucatini with chicken, mushrooms, onion and artichokes in a white wine cream sauce, she had the spinach and ricotta ravioli (the best ravioli I've ever tasted), were fantastic. Two meals, two salads, and a cup of soup with tip set us back just over $50. I really look forward to coming back.
4	I am from Pittsburgh, but now live in Detroit and I think about Girasole often as a special place to go when you want some great Italian comfort food, and a loud, bustling atmosphere.  The staff is friendly and you'll often see Mr. Girasole walking back and forth, checking how you like your meal and pouring more wine.  This small and very quaint Italian restaurant is located in the heart of Shadyside.  You have to walk down about 6 or 7 steps to get to the door, so if you are handicapped or elderly, it may be a tad tough.  It is a little pricey, but for good, Italian like your Mamma makes, it's worth it.  I had the pumpkin ravioli and the house salad.  I loved the salad dressing--it's light and delicious and the pumpkin ravioli was excellent as well.  I really chowed on the thick slices of Italian bread and they willingly brought lots more upon request.  We had a party of 9 and were happy to have made a reservation in advance.  Go early on a weekend evening as the wait looked treacherous by the time we left the restaurant at 7:00PM.  Girasole reminds me of eating in my Italian Grandma's basement kitchen!  The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars was because the servers were a bit slow in providing basics like water and silverware in the beginning of the meal.  Otherwise, Manga! Manga!
5	We just ate our way through 12,000 miles of road trip across the US and back. This was, hands down, the best restaurant we tried. Service was exceptional. The atmosphere was cozy and inviting. And the food was out of this world fresh and good.I had a spinach pasta with sweet corn, baby tomatoes, and fresh basil. It's my new favorite pasta in the world, so fresh and savory, with just the right combo of tangy and sweet. The house salads were exceptionally fresh and full of good veggies and cheese. My son said his pasta, penne with sausage, was terrific. The bread was great.There was absolutely nothing to complain about in this dining experience. Even better, it was the kind of meal that made us want to go back to Pittsburgh, just to eat here again.And it was a great deal -- $44 including tax, tip, and drinks for two people -- for a whole lot of fantastic food.
2	Really disappointing. Service is bad when you enter. If it is busy expect to be treated poorly. Have a reservation? That will be ignored and you will wait like everyone else. Once seated servers are pleasant and nice,The food is poor. Verges on disgusting. I had their much-beloved squid ink linguine with lobster. The pasta was mushy--way overcooked. Far too much cream and cheese. Lobster meat suspiciously tasted like it was recently thawed out from a frozen state. Didn't finish this dish.My wife had a chicken special. Dry. Boring. Bland.Maybe we just had a bad experience (it was a busy Friday night 8pm). The popularity of the place and the plethora of positive reviews and high ratings indicates that this might have some great moments, but unfortunately not this time.
3	My husband and I went here on a Friday night and surprising were seated immediately at a sidewalk table even though we did not have a reservation. Girasole was, as advertised, a very charming cafe with many things to recommend it. The food was good, but it lost some points with both of us for quality of service and the limited nature of the menu. Our waiter was attentive--until the entrees were served. Then he disappeared. Not only did he disappear but every other server went deaf. They were not so busy that this was necessary. For the size of the restaurant and the number of servers it should not have taken an additional 20 minutes after we had eaten to have plates cleared.  There was a busboy but he was kind of useless. My husband had the ravioli and I had polenta, both of which were very nice, and we shared a slice of rum cake that was excellent. My suggestion to anyone going there is to look at the online menu first. What you see there is what they will have, period. If nothing looks good it may be a good night to try another spot.
3	For starters, the place is charming.  Something about little restaurants that are a few steps below street level. Ambience was good.  I was promptly met by the owner who immediately stopped what he was doing to seat me, which was nice because the place was crowded.  No problem.  I was happy.I ordered the fish of the day, which was walleye on a portion of tomato risotto with greens.  The fish was super fresh and delicious; the risotto was nicely prepared and also delicious.  But the greens were bitter and overpowered the whole thing.  If it weren't for that, I would have given Girasole four or possibly five stars.  It kinda ruined the experience.With two chiantis and tip, the bill came out to $54.Having said all of that, I'm going to give it another try.  The gnocchi looked interesting as did several of the other pastas.  Maybe next trip.
3	I have been to Girasole numerous times although this is my first review of the place. My most recent visit was on a Saturday night and we did think ahead and make reservations. This definitely helped limit our wait time for a table. On this particularly beautiful Saturday night Girasole was packed. My party of 4 were seated at an outdoor table. The ladies brought a bottle of their favorite vino and were charged a small per person corking fee. My friend and I enjoy all types and styles of beer and weren't sure what to have when the waiter recommended and Italian import call Baladin. This was truly a tasty beer but we both felt like we had been scammed. It was a $28 bottle of beer. I have had some expensive and tasty beers but never for $28. I wish the server would have said that it was a $28 bottle since it was not listed on their menu. The ladies both had pumpkin ravioli which I tried and it was exceptional. I ordered the polenta entree which was like butter in my mouth. Although I did discover a glass shard in the polenta when I was eating it. I brought this to the attention of the Host immediately. They promptly made me a new dish of polenta and didn't charge me for the dish. They were also very apologetic. I would normally give this restaurant a 4 star rating due to the high quality of the food and normally great service. I was just disappointed with the human factors of this dining experience. I would recommend this place to just about anyone especially for lunch. Hopefully my next visit I won't feel like such a sucker...$28  BOTTLE OF BEER!
2	OVERALL:Given the popularity of Girasole, I was disappointed that this place didn't even come close to living up to the hype. Although there were some highlights, there were plenty of negatives to counter them.SERVICE:Despite having a reservation, we were made to wait for over 45 minutes for a table, standing outside in the cold. Also, we were only given cutlery for two of the three people in our party. Not a good start. Once seated, though, the service was good. Our server, Vito, was pleasant and attentive.FOOD:Disappointing. The bread brought to our table was stone cold, and the accompanying butter was rock hard and still in the commercial packaging. I expect to get butter in little plastic tubs at a diner, but not at a relatively upscale restaurant like Girasole. Furthermore, the fact that the bread was cold and the butter was practically frozen made it impossible to spread. Not a good start. Fortunately, it improved from there. The salad course was the highlight of the meal - the greens were crisp and the addition of sunflower seeds and bleu cheese crumbles gave it wonderful texture and flavor. This was the best part of the meal.My steak was tender and the meat was of good quality. However, it was a tad under-seasoned and the accompanying risotto was undercooked and quite bland. The polenta that was served with my wife's chicken was also bland and under-seasoned. Desserts were average. I had the chocolate mousse cake, which sounded delicious, but ultimately the quality was on par with what you would get at a supermarket bakery. My wife had the coconut cream cake, which turned out to just be yellow cake with some coconut frosting.AMBIANCE: Probably the best thing about this place. It is quaint and intimate. The decor is charming and it's in a lovely location.FINAL VERDICT:Probably a better bet on an off-peak night and when the weather is nicer, but if it's a busy night and it's cold out, I'd give it a miss.
4	I reccomend Girasole to anyone who wants to try something different and not empty their wallets. It's the perfect date night restaurant. I've been here many times, sometimes for lunch, other times for dinner. I prefer to go there for lunch.They have a rotating menu that incorporates seasonal ingredients. For example, the fall menu has pumpkin ravioli in a sage cream sauce, whereas their summer menu features squid ink linquini in a light cream sauce with lobster. (both are delicious!)My "tried and true" at Girasole is the spinach and ricotta ravioli in a tomato cream sauce. I always end up sopping up the extra sauce with my bread. Don't judge me.  Every pasta entree comes with unlimited bread and the "girasole" salad, which is topped with gorgonzola, garbanzo beans and sunflower seeds. Yum! (If you do not like onions, be sure to request to have them removed from the salad, otherwise you will be tasting them all night). All in all, Girasole is one of my favorite restaurants in town. I docked it a perfect rating because after several weekend dinner reservations, my party was ALWAYS forced to wait over an hour. I understand that at a small business, wait times can be unpredictable. But there are other small(er!) restaurants in Pittsburgh that do not have this problem. I believe that up to a thirty minute wait is acceptable. But an hour each time? No.  Either stop accepting reservations or change the way you accept patrons. This is why I really like their lunch. The prices are cheaper, the portions are absolutely perfect, and it is never crowded.
4	I ate here last night with a dining partner.   Having read many of the reviews on this site we went early on a Tuesday evening and were seated in one of only two empty tables.  We had thought about getting reservations but the hours that came with my gift card said No Reservations.  The decor of the restaurant was very nice. They had copper tables in a cramped type of environment that is very European.We decided to forgo appetizers this day and instead got drinks.  I had something that resembled a manhattan while my dining partner had the Bellini and both were good.  Since my dining partner and I both ordered entrees we were served with a dinner salad.  It was one of the nicer salads that I have had with Gorgonzola, sunflower seeds and chick peas amongst the greens and a nice vinaigrette paired with it.  For dinner I had the pumpkin ravioli while my dining partner had the porcini gnocchi.  The pumpkin ravioli was absolutely delicious although only receiving 5 for the price that was paid was a bit disappointing.  The gnocchi was much more substantial though and just as tasty.  For dessert we had the lemon cake which was fantastic and came with fresh raspberries and blackberries as a garnish.  When all was said and done it was by far some of the best food that I have tasted recently and all of my concerns from previous posts were undone with the service being great and having no wait for our table.The bottom line for me is that this restaurant had wonderful food and not too high of a price point and I will definitely be back.  I would recommend that you go early on a weekday though as the seating is very limited.
4	What a charming little place.  Rigatoni with meat sauce was to die for.  Great salads. Great desserts.  The owner came over to schmooze with us so we felt right at home.  Make a reservation or you will have a long wait (if you get in at all).
1	I've been to girasole many times and have loved the food. The reason for the low marking is because of the service the last time I visited.It was over the holidays and my family was in town. Since we were a party of 5 I called the day before to make reservations for 8pm on a Wednesday. We got to the restaurant prior to our reservation time and they said it would be half an hour. We are easy goin people so we didn't mid waiting.The owner instructed us to go to the bar next door and have a drink. After 45 min I went back to the restaurant since they hadn't called us yet and he instructed us to go back to the bar.Finally after waiting an hour and a half they finally sat us. This bothered me for two reasons. 1. The people who got say before us did not have reservations, walked in after us, but knew the owner. Very poor form on the owners part. 2. He said we would "be taken care of". I was thinking maybe an appetizer or wine, something for promising us a table with reservations and then having us wait for over an hour. But when the bill came there was none of that.We still had a good time since the company was good but it will be a long time before I go back to this restaurant.
4	Coming from an Italian family and being a foodie, I really WANT to love Girasole.  Family owned, lively, and a true Italian menu.  The reason for my 4 star rating is that in my many visits to Girasole, I could rate it a 5 on one visit, and a 3 on the next.Believe all the reviews about reservations.  Jimmy's friends get seating priority.  He also loses track of who has been waiting longest, so if you take his advice to have a drink next door while you wait, you will be forgotten until you return, and will restart your wait all over again.  Once you get a table, the experience turns more positive.  The beans and greens appetizer is always perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The Girasole salad could be great, but they often dress it too heavily.Last night I had the lamb shank and saffron risotto entree and it was delicious.  I have never had pasta here that wasn't perfect as well.Finally, if you get manage to save room for one of their wonderful desserts, do so, as they are consistently great.
3	We ordered in from work.  We had a fish, pasta, and salad spread.  The salad was great.  The pasta didn't seem to have much taste to me, but it was also a troff of food so it may have settled to the bottom.  The fish was the best part of the meal.  It was cooked beautifully and has great taste.  The customer service was great when we arrived to the store.  We dropped the salad dressing as we were leaving, but the staff were very helpful in cleaning up the disaster and getting us new dressing.  Overall the visit was good.  I wouldn't give it anything more than a 3, but I also have not dined in yet.
3	My wife loves the gnocci.  It's a bit cramped so make sure you have reservations.  The menu is small but I've always found at least on dish to my liking, just never been blown away by anything yet.
5	Their appetizers are very very good... I also like their daily menu, fresh stuff and high quality ingredients. The salad that comes with any entree is awesome! Overall, excellent. I go there regularly. It usually gets very crowded though, so plan ahead.
3	What a production! I don't even know where to start...The place is small.  They didn't lie to me when I made the reservation.  Of course we had to pick the busiest day and time, Saturday at 7pm.  The nice lady on the phone told me a reservation helps but we may still have to wait.  I did appreciate that tip from her.  Sure enough, we showed up and it's PACKED!  The unfortunate thing is it was cold, so eating on their patio was not going to happen.  Therefor, people cram into what tiny space is allowed in the front.  But when I say tiny, I really mean no space at all.  An older man pretty much barked orders at us and demanded to know if we had a reservation.  Thank God we did, I was a little scared of him when he ran off muttering about no seating in you ain't got reservations.  So the first table of the restaurant is thee worst, because people are standing on top of you jealously staring down at you and your food.  Of course we ended up with that table!  Thankfully, our server and anyone else helping out was extremely friendly and helpful and made us feel comfortable.  We started with the mussels app.  It came in a light garlic sauce and was a good amount of mussels.  I'd say they were pretty tasty and I loved dipping the bread into the sauce.  The bread actually became my best companion that night... more on that later!I ordered the gnocchi with tomato sauce and mozz cheese.  I LOVE when Italian restaurants dump the sauce on and this was a winner.  I LOVE SAUCE!  I know some people aren't into that, so I'll warn you if you like light sauce, you WON'T be happy.  After having gnocchi at Il Pizzaiolo in South Hills earlier that week (I know, I'm on an Italian kick!) it didn't hold a candle to those light little pillows of pasta and potato.  The sauce though, delicious!  Much to my husbands chagrin, I had a hard time keeping myself from grabbing his plate!  He had the spinach and ricotta ravioli, which I didn't have have a bite of... but the SAUCE.... oh my!  Orgasmic!  I love tomato cream sauce and this was amazing!  I kept dipping my bread into his sauce, with him increasingly getting annoyed.  Did I want to risk a fight for that delicious sauce... maybe!!  It was soooo good!  But the real action took place as we were finishing up our meal.  I had noticed the older dude/owner walking around with a glass of red wine the whole time.  I thought that he was pretty rude, but kinda funny, in a typical Italian way.  Well, I start to sense a commotion beside me and realize the owner and a server are in a heated convo.  Then the older dude screams "get outta here you F*%& A@#hole!" and then shoves him!  Whoa!!  I was shocked a boss would do that to an employee.  Come to find out it's his son.  A woman, who I assume was also part of management (maybe even a family member!), came over to our table and apologized, joked this was normal Italian behavior and offered us free dessert.  I thought that was really nice of her and and appreciated.   I just feel bad because those kind of things take down a business.  The good was great, but witnessing that, you wonder how long you can work like that.  Hopefully the dude can retire to a nice Italian villa with lots of wine instead of screaming at his son in the middle of his restaurant!
4	Love finding these hole in the wall spots in my backyard, I call Pittsburgh. My friend had taken photos for Pittsburgh Magazines Blog, and demanded I go and try it. Let me tell you, Italy has arrived in this place. The owner, was there during our time and they display outside seating, as well as indoors. Their indoor seating is I feel below street level with brick walls, and community art hanging on the wall. Which rumor has it, you can buy. As recommended I made a reservation, and was seated immediately. Big up, right there not including the atmosphere, very rustic, very homey Italian to me. We were greeted by our server, and I ordered a water with one of their "special, owner loves this drink" my friend ordered another specialty drink. I noticed the prices and strayed away from the appetizers, so I could order my entree and dessert. When our bread arrived I noticed this neat little oil holder, it was shaped like a jug, with a grape mold that held the balsamic vinegar. I WANT that thing. I almost walked away with it, pocket pinched it, but here comes running; in my conscious, knowing that my awful deed would have split all over my purse, knowing my luck. Any-hoo, haven't met a place to go wrong with bread. My drink that I ordered wasn't my kind of drink, there were bitters involved, and my taste buds and bitters don't get along. I told the waitress, and she agreed and said not everybody likes the drink, I'll take it off your bill, and I ordered another, which was amazing. As for their menu, they do have specials that coincide with the season. They have to make a bang for their buck, can I please recommend they print that seasonal menu on another kind of paper..other than computer paper?! I was a little bummed out about that. I ordered the cocoa fettuccine, with pistachios, leeks, cauliflower, and Gorgonzola. This is a late post, but I can still taste this pasta. HOUSE MADE pasta, you can't go wrong. This pasta was just amazing. absolutely amazing. My mouth is watering as I type, Now you know this is a good place, if I'm drooling. The love I have for this restaurant is intensified if you have tried their spinach and ricotta ravioli, in this creamy tomato sauce. That you could tell was authentic, or well their own recipe. I seriously can't get enough of this place.On to dessert, I ordered the white chocolate raspberry gelato. Real chunks of raspberry and white chocolate, it was just an awesome ending to a great meal. This hole in the wall is the place to be.
4	Felt like we were entering an out-of-the way restaurant in Italy when we stepped down into the cozy room.  Stone walls, cheerful decor, but a bit of noise greeted us. Seats around 48, so everyone was a little close to each other.  Didn't matter though because there is enough conversation in the air to keep things private. Menu was varied with enough choices for all food tastes.  The lamb meatball appetizer was a great surprise, as were the mussels.  They were the most tender and flavorful I have ever eaten!  Both will be ordered again.  The cheese tortellini with pancetta and peas was a huge hit, and I was sorry that I opted for the penne and sauce.  Not familiar with Italian wines, but the chardonnay version was delicious.  Saw some people bringing their own wine, which was a surprise. Made reservation, which was necessary for a Saturday night.
4	This is the place I imagine sneaking into on an evening spent with that charming someone who captures your heart with the slightest smile. Late spring, strolling along the cobblestone streets window shopping when the sky darkens, and the clouds open up. Huddled under an umbrella, his arm around you to warm you from the sudden chill, you scamper down the few steps and duck into the warmth of Girasole.You're immediately greeted like family; with a glow in the background as if a huge fire were burning. The small space is filled with lovely folks laughing, and sharing wine; eyes twinkling as they listen to the live music being played by the gentleman walking around strumming his guitar singing loudly.The menu is simply simple Italian. The wine list is the sweet red table wine offered immediately after you sit down. The desserts are so worthy of the extra calories. Home made and delightful. Almost as tasty as that good night kiss.
4	Excellent, consistent Italian.  The Girasole salad with sunflower vinaigrette is a tast start to any meal and their pastas are great.  I am especially excited for the summer menu in a few weeks so that I can enjoy the spinach spaghetti with tomatoes, corn, and mozzarella again.  Weekends can get packed and service sometimes is a bit slow during these times, but that won't stop me from giving this gem five stars for the excellent food.
3	Came here for dinner to celebrate my brother's graduation from Tepper School of Business at Carnegie Mellon. Though the reviews were great and food looked yummy, it wasn't exactly how I pictured it. Wasn't aware that the restaurant was SMALL, but we didn't mind sitting outside on a nice sunny day. The menu consisted of simple list of seasonal items. I ordered the spinach ricotta ravioli while my mother and brother ordered the spaghettini with clams. Bread basket is given to much on and a small salad is served with your meal. Very fresh and clean.The disappointment started to set in when our food came in. My ravioli only had five pieces and didn't have much filling inside. Can barely taste the spinach. The tomato cream sauce looked old also. The spaghettini my brother and mother ordered looked really good and I wish I could've ordered that instead. They seemed to enjoy it very much.Italian food is generally expensive, but the quality I was served? Not worth it.
5	Excellent Italian food at very reasonable prices. We went there with our two kids and had an excellent experience. The staff was very friendly and I highly recommend it.
5	5 stars. 'Nuf said.
5	Girasole, Italian for sunflower, has been a blooming delight ever since it opened. New menu every day with traditional stand by's like the house salad, greens and beans and gnocci. Small and often cramped with clamoring patrons, loud because people are actually talking to each other and not on cell phones, yelling because it is a family run business. For those out there who have never been to an Italian Sunday dinner, this is not the place for you. Out of this wold wafting from Chef Jen's kitchen.  Girasole has charm, family, excellent food and the biggest hearted proprietors in the city.Along with everyday lunches and dinners I have had a baby shower their, birthday dinners, and funeral lunches. When a family member wad in Shadyside Hospital and could only eat Girasole gnocci with butter and cheese, they always had it ready for a quick pick up. When O leave Girasole's, I not only feel like I've eaten one of the best meals of my. , life, but also that I have just had a fantastic experience.
5	This is one of the, not the best kept secrets, in Shadyside.  Solid Italian food, great atmosphere both inside and out, and family owned and run. Have eaten here dozens of times, and never had a bad meal. If there was only one criticism, it might be the drink selection. By that I mean cocktails.  There's not a dedicated bartender, and the drinks are made by the servers who are already too busy.  The wine selection is small but has something for most budgets and is pretty good.
4	This place is a nice little retreat, and a great place for gnocchi. It's not my favorite Italian restaurant, but it's up there.The space is in the basement of a commercial building off Walnut on Copland. (for locals, Jen's Juice bar was above it.) The stone walls and low ceiling feel a bit like a wine cellar (which works) but all the hard surfaces and open kitchen mean it can get very loud (doesn't work so well.) On a busy Friday, don't talk about anything you wouldn't want strangers to hear - they are mere inches away!I don't order pasta unless it's fussy or unique - most places use dry pasta anyway and usually the items are things I can make at home. That being said, I love gnocchi and it is made fresh here. The difference between the dry stuff in the store and fresh is night and day. My favorite dish - a simple gnocchi w/ marinara and fresh mozzarella - is heaven on earth. Sometimes simple is best.They have one of the best house salads in town - a wonderful vinegarette dressing on mixed greens, garbanzos, sunflower seeds, and blue cheese. It's a nice touch, but the portions are generous enough that it could be offered a la carte - say $4 for the salad and knock $2 off the entree prices.Around fall, look for seasonal specials like butternut squash ravioli w/ walnut pesto cream sauce. If I'm in the mood for beans and greens, gnocchi, or maybe a seasonal dish, I'd go here. The entrees didn't captivate me as much. For Italian entrees, I prefer Piccolo Fiorno. Choose the right dish, and I expect you will be pleased!
5	We recently moved from Pittsburgh to Palo Alto, CA.  It's beautiful, and the food is great, but we've yet to find an Italian restaurant that is even half as good as Girasole.  Pittsburgh has one of the greatest Italian restaurants around in this little gem just off Walnut street.  From the sunflower salad oil to their filet special, and the pumpkin ravioli, I never once in 10 years had a bad dinner here.  Never even had an okay dinner.  They were all outstanding, and served with such personality that we always felt welcomed by Jimmy and his family.
4	We went there on a Thursday night around 6pm and the place was packed. The space is small to begin with so they crammed the 3 of us in at the end of a long row of tables. We were also seated by the grumpy older Italian guy with the glass of wine as also mentioned by another poster. I found him interesting and humourus. Having a close Italian friend growing up being in the restaurant reminded me of dinners at her house with her big extended family. Everyone talks loud but are all laughing and having a great time. I really enjoyed the atmosphere. The food was awesome. I had the spinach and ricotta ravioli and the sauce was to die for. My husband and daughter both penne with marinara sauce, one with sausage and one with chicken. They both loved it. We were served by Vito which I believe is the grumpy old guys son. He was attentive and took good care of us considering how busy he was. We loved the whole feel of the restaurant and would definitely go back again
1	My girlfriend has been a regular of this place for years and could not wait to take me when I came in town for the Steelers game. We did not make a reservation and showed up on a busy saturday night around 8:45pm fully expecting a long wait. My girlfriend had forewarned me that there will be a wait so when we showed up we just expected to put our names down and go across the street for a drink while we waited. We ended up waiting in the front of the restaurant for ~20 minutes without anyone taking down our name. A few waitresses mentioned that the older italian guy (owner) took down names. We were ignored several times by him as he came up front - no biggie we saw it was busy. An older woman came up to us several times and asked if we had been helped, we replied no, and she reiterated that the older man dealt with the "list". We were fine up through now and were still waiting when the older guy came up to the front and shoved the older woman (his wife?) and proceeded to scream at her for several minutes. The entire restaurant went quiet and was staring at the front of the restaurant (where we were awkwardly standing as well). The older gentleman was screaming that she was always interfering with the list and he was done with it. He kept going on and said that why did she even care about a couple of "out of towners" who will never come back again. (which was even more shocking because my girlfriend was a regular and had regularly conversed with the man many times before). We subsequently left while the man was still screaming at the woman. This was the most absurd display at a restaurant I have ever seen. My girlfriend was extremely upset especially for the physical violence the man was displaying. This was no casual shove but rather a full two handed violent push followed by pounding his fist on the table and screaming at the woman in front of the entire restaurant. Needless to say we will never come back and recommend people boycott a place where the owner treats his (wife/employee) with such disrespect regardless of how stressed he may be on a busy night.
2	Food was excellent but we hated the ambiance! Reservations at 7:00 pm Saturday. Arrived on time. Couldn't get in the door to wait for them to clear table because there were so many people in the narrow entrance; had to stand outside in cold weather. The place was so loud, we couldn't hear our waitress and thus the specials or the people we were seated with. Everyone is back to back; no place to hang a coat or move between tables to visit the restroom. We won't go back.
5	Pretty darn tasty. Walked in on a whim after a busy night shopping on Walnut and enjoyed the food immensely. It's a noisy and busy atmosphere but that was fine since it was fun to talk a bit to our neighbors. Just don't expect a romantic, quiet evening to yourself.
4	This place was crowded as can be, and it's a tiny place. Drinks were pretty watered down and average priced, but the food was so. damn. good. The tomato cream sauce = amazing. Go here, you won't regret it.
5	Always a pleasure to eat at this place. I've never had a bad meal.Thanks bob
3	I am visiting a friend who attends school here in Pittsburgh, and she brought me to Girasole for the first time. It started out great; we had a reservation and were seated and served right away with friendly service.I ordered the chicken of the day (walnut chicken with butternut squash ravioli). The chicken was very standard, nothing special, but the butternut squash ravioli was absolutely delicious! Sadly, the chicken was the main part of the meal and the ravioli, a side. I got to try some of their tiramisu, and it wasn't the best, but it was still delightful and surprisingly light. But afterwards, around rush time, the small restaurant filled up quickly. The servers stopped coming around, it got real loud, and people kept bumping into you. It gets hard to maneuver around to the restroom as well. They finally got around to grabbing us the check, but told our big group to split it amongst ourselves, do the math, and write it all down for them to run. It took forever to get it around to everybody. It would have been much easier if they split it for us ( I know how much of a hassle it is, I have worked at restaurants for years. But we were a group of young adults. If it were me, I would have known everybody would have wanted separate checks and have had it ready ).Overall, it was an okay experience!
4	Wow. The food here is to die for.I highly recommend this place; however, there are a few things you should be aware of. This place is super small. It's always packed, so make a reservation. Because its so small, walking to and from your table can be a bit awkward as you try to avoid disturbing all the other patrons. The noise level is pretty high, too. Again, because of the close quarters.
5	Tiny, cramped, with tons of charm. The food is exquisite. Even the house salad blew me away. Then the main dish arrived. I had the Ricotta Cavatelli with lamb meatballs, and it was fantastic. I don't remember what everyone in my party had, but no one was disappointed. Save room for dessert!
2	From the other reviews I really had high expectations for this Italian restaurant - was hoping for some authentic Italian food. Not the case. Not a lot of pasta options and those that were on the menu weren't homemade. It's unlikely I will return because the food was mediocre, the service was very slow and the prices were high.
1	The receptionist was ver unwelcoming even on the phone. Very rude. This is my first review, I have never been so annoyed . I wanted to ask a few things before I come for dinner, but the guy just hung up on me. Thanks.
4	Girasole is a cute little Italian restaurant in the heart of Shadyside. The service staff is friendly and professional. The owner is typically around and often serves as the maitre d. The food here is consistently good. Almost immediately after you sit down, you're welcomed to fresh Italian bread, which you can enjoy with balsamic vinegar and olive oil. The menu is literally seasonal (there is one set menu for each of the four seasons of the year) and I haven't observed many changes over the years.All the main courses come with a simple but delightful salad, which basically consists of garden greens, Gorgonzola cheese, sunflower seeds and a drizzle of balsamic vinaigrette. The potato gnocchi are excellent and the spinach and ricotta raviolis are also wonderful.All in all, Girasole is a pretty good restaurant - and the only improvement I can suggest is that their bread would be so much more enjoyable if they warmed their butter so it is spreadable.
4	DATE NIGHT! After the Point State Park fountain reopening fiasco, the boyfriend and I headed over to Girasole for our dinner reservation. We walked through the crowded dining room to the table nearest the kitchen. It was just quiet enough there to chat and the service was speedy. Bread and butter were immediately put on the table and as soon as a glass of wine made its way to my hand, I was in a happy place.The atmosphere is fantastic--tons of happy, chatting groups of people. The food was fantastic. I got the ravioli, which appeared to have been made in house (different sized pieces) and served with a delicious, creamy tomato sauce. YUM. It came with a side salad with some interesting toppings like sunflower seeds. I love little details like that.Overall, great experience and I would definitely go back!
3	Hard to get seating on Saturday and the noise level is high. Nice atmosphere and the staff are very friendly and good at what they do. The scallop appetizer and salads were good. I had issue with the pasta and you cant have issues with pasta in an italian restaurant.  The marinara sauce was too much tomato tasting acidic and lacked balance. The spinach ravioli was too much cheese and cream, again not balanced. This place has all the elements of a good dining experience but the kitchen needs to up the game for my taste.
3	So, I made a return trip here in March with my parents, who were visiting from back home (late update, I know). During this visit,  I realized that the menu changes seasonally. I forget what I had (and everyone else for that matter), but I do remember that I was nowhere near as impressed as I was with the winter menu/what I ate during my previous visit.Moreover, I was really dismayed by the incompetency of whoever the woman operating the phones was. We made a reservation, which she called us back TWICE about to try and get us to change. When we arrived at the finally agreed upon time, she told us she didn't have us down for a reservation! What? Lady, you're the one who made us switch to it. She was then rude about it and placed the blame on us. No thanks.I think I would only return here if someone invited me to go along, or if I knew that the tomato cream sauce was back.
4	If you live in shadyside you should give it a shot. The service is very speedy. The food has a good taste. I recommend you to try the spanish ricotta.
1	My boyfriend and I had just casually walked by Girasole to see what their menu looked like. Before we even asked for a menu, the front of house staff quickly asked us whether or not we wanted to sit outside squished behind a baby's highchair in a corner or inside where it was very crowded. We tried to politely ask the man if we could see a menu first. After looking at the menu we decided we liked what the menu had on it, but it was just really crowded. When we returned the menu to the front of the house staff he snatched the menu away from us and said, "Yeah I knew you guys weren't going to buy anything anyway". What if we were about to order something? That completely turned us away from this restaurant. We could tell we were just another group of people to get in and get out. Very rude and unacceptable. Never going back.
4	Amazing food but even with a reservation don't expect to be seated right away.
4	Food here is out of this world good.  The venue is extremely charming too.  Service was a disappointment.  Couldn't help but get the feeling that we were annoying our waitress just by being patrons.  Speed was fine, food was great, but I don't like apologizing just because I chose to eat in your restaurant.
5	So good! Had a reservation and we were seated within 10 minutes. Would definitely go back
4	I love Girasole for lunch. I always get the Girasole salad. Sometimes I am a little adventurous and do shrimp instead of chicken. Adventurous, I know! The best part about this salad is the gorgonzola. It has the perfect balance of sweetness and creaminess. The sunflower vinaigrette is nice and lite, and I never leave feeling gross or overly stuffed. Definitely the best salad on Walnut Street.For dinner, the polenta is nice. Again, it's lite and you can avoid that icky, bloated feeling at the end of a big, Italian meal. The polenta is baked and then topped with a lite red sauce, escarole, mozzarella, and beans. Great combination. The pumpkin ravioli is nice in the fall-love the brown butter and sage.Girasole ventures away from the traditional, Pittsburgh Italian cuisine. They are all about fresh, bold flavors. It fills up quickly, so go early for dinner or call and ask for a reservation at this sweet, authentic spot perfectly located on Copeland off of Walnut (right across from Starbucks).
4	Great food, great location, ok service. Sometimes you have to wait for a table despite your reservation. It has a great Italian atmosphere and everyone is talking loudly which makes it a great place for a date or a dinner with friends.
5	Girasole is a great Italian restaurant in shadyside. Make a reservation. . . it gets crowded and hectic on Friday and Staurday nights. It's small on space but big on atmosphere from the neghborhood to the patio seating to the decor!  The gnocchi is fantastic. They have a pretty broad italian wine list and great deserts. Not too terible on the wallet. Only gripe is the small real estate inside which tends to lead to slightly cramped seating.
4	Girasole is one of the places in Pittsburgh I always go to when I have visitors from out of town. The quaint, semi-hidden spot right off of Walnut Street accompanied by its warm and inviting atmosphere make it an excellent people pleaser. The menu is fairly small and changes seasonally to assure fresh and delicious ingredients. The wine list is extensive and the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. The Spinach and Ricotta Ravioli is usually featured and always delicious. Another plus is that it's open for lunch as well and offers a slightly cheaper selection. Regardless, though, it is very reasonably priced for the quality of food and experience. The only downside is that the venue itself is tiny and it would definitely be difficult to accommodate a larger party. One of my favorite things about Girasole is that the owner is also often the host! He has such a bold personality and really makes the whole atmosphere more homey and authentic feeling. To add to this mood, there is often live music in the restaurant--usually just a single violin or guitar player. My favorite experience at Girasole was one late summer night when it was beginning to cool down and I took some friends of mine from Cleveland to have dinner there. I knew they would enjoy Girasole but the wait was long so we wound up sitting outside on the patio even though it was a little cold. A man with a guitar went around the restaurant singing beautiful songs to each table and eventually made it outside. Since we were the only table outside we took our request and sang the best rendition of Al Green's "Let's Stay Together" I've ever heard! Girasole is a wonderful treat amongst Pittsburgh's restaurant scene and never fails to deliver a delicious meal and a wonderful dining experience!
2	LOUD!When someone says the name Girasole's - that's the first thing that pops into my head. So loud you have to essentially shout to have a conversation with your table-mate. Small place, so everything is pretty cramped together. Service is quick, genuine, and attentive. Food was slightly above average but far from memorable - just not worth putting up with the noise level over. Perhaps for takeout....Had the greens and beans w/ the Cappa Santa.
4	The food is really good, and reasonably priced.  However, the place always seems to be packed, so it can be a little loud.  Still definitely worth the trip.
5	www.bigtsreviews.com
3	Made reservations for a large party at 7:30 on a Friday night. Showed up on time and was told our table wasn't ready. It's a tiny place and seating in the winter is limited so we understood. We went to a nearby bar to grab drinks while waiting for our reservation.  After 45 past our reservation, we hadn't heard anything from Girasole sp called to inquire.  The owner yelled at us for calling and said they are a tiny restaurant and would let US know when THEY were ready for us. Very off putting. We finally got seated around 1.5 hours past our original reservation time.  The place was tiny but the service was great (only reason for the 3 star rating). Might be a better place for a smaller party but it was a mistake trying to book for a group larger than 4.Food was good, but not the best Italian I've ever had. Large portions and a great wine selection. Price per person in our large party for an entre, glass of wine and gratuity came to $40.
2	Most times, I absolutely love a little place with a lot of character...  unfortunately Girasole manages to provide both but not in a good way.While the dinning room itself has some great traits (stone walls, coppertop tables, etc.), diners more or less are forced to eat almost on top of one another.  As with most small joints, Girasole has the stereotypical quirky owner that is completely passionate about their business, unfortunately in this case, the owner slugged down 3-4 glasses of wine in what seemed to be an hour...  shouting up the stairs outside at patrons and ushering them around like cattle.Relative to the food, I was super excited for a seasonal menu.  Going against my biggest desires to get the risotto, I decided on the spring chicken dish (hoping for some lighter fare as well).  Ravioli, chicken breast, sauteed greens and a seasoned broth.  While attractive looking, the ravioli seemed like they came from a frozen bag, the chicken breast was dry and the broth was bland.  While the greens were decent, there were barely enough for a few bites.Maybe everyone else sees something I don't, because this place seems to be constantly packed.
1	Awful service. We made reservations 4 weeks  and when we showed up the host yelled at us because they were over booked and his excuse was it was God's fault because the weather took away his outdoor seating. He also didn't offer us an apology and kept on telling us where we couldn't stand. The most annoying part is that he was drinking a glass of wine the entire time while shuffling people around! Wish we could have tried the food, but there is only so much indifference one can handle.
4	Lovely atmosphere, friendly and attentive waitstaff, just a bit crammed--you sit very close to the neighboring tables.  Great meals all around, we will be back!
3	The food here is great but it's not worth dealing with the consistently rude owner/host who can't seem to put down his glass of wine to serve customers. I've been 3 times and so far have been forced to wait 20-30 minutes beyond my reservation time in snow, torrential rain and a light rain shower with no acknowledgement or apology for the delay. If they want to have repeat customers, the old drunk needs to retire and some new blood should step in. I'll be going to Joseph Tambellinis or Piccolo Forno instead!
4	After 2 years on the west coast, we finally made a trip back to the burgh for dinner, and Girasole was the first place we had to go. Maybe it's nostalgia, but we felt like it was an off night. The chicken special, which was our normal go-to, seemed out of place--chicken with couscous and yogurt at an Italian restaurant? We longed for the artichoke and risotto chicken specials from our time living off Walnut street. The carne was lamb and the fish was salmon, so we ordered off the regular menu. The risotto was great, the Nero D Avola house wine was perfect, but it felt like the Girasole of our memories had slipped a bit.No doubt it will be the first place we go next time we come back, but here's to hoping for a return to more robust specials. BTW, Jimmy Pie, the guy with the wine is always super friendly and accomodating. He always remembers my dad when my parents come to town, and he always gets us a table as quickly as he can. Yes, they are not always clear on reservations, but this place has been a staple for 10+ years and, with the small space, they do the best they can to accomodate everybody. It's the price you pay for authentic Italian food in a city where Bravo! and Olive Garden are consistently voted best Italian food.
3	Visiting the east coast makes me realize how bad the average bay area Italian place is. Sure you can find good stuff, but the standard on the east coast is way higher. Time to snap back to reality.In bay area terms, this is a solid Italian restaurant, offering familiar items such as gnocchi, polenta, and risotto. I actually quite like the way they prepared their pasta, and the dishes come in quite an American portion too (read: big).However, the food itself tasted a little less fresh than I'd like. Maybe the harsh winter was to blame, as it was still quite chilly in May when we revisited lately. Either way, after living on the other coast and longing for good Italian food, this does satisfy a little bit with the well-prepared pasta, but it also leaves me longing for more.
5	My husband and I celebrated our anniversary here.  We recently moved to Pittsburgh so we are still trying to figure out the quality places to eat.  Luckily, we found Girasole!  The food was fabulous!  I enjoyed the atmosphere.  There is something about small, rambunctious, Italian restaurants that I love.
5	Absolutely delicious family run Italian restaurant. Yes, even if you have a reservation you may wait a few minutes to be seated, but the service and food are so fantastic that it more than makes up for the wait. The house salad is the best in town. I love the gnocchi, but if you are looking for a steak the filet mignon and risotto was also delicious.
4	After looking for an occasion to go here for a few months, we finally went for my birthday dinner. It was a Sunday evening and the restaurant was quite busy. The area is kind of small and crowded, there was a large party near us which was making a lot of noise.Despite the crowd, the food was delicious! The starter goat cheese salad was the best salad I have ever had, and may have been better than the pasta..I had the lamb meatballs with cavatelli which was yummy. The lamb was moist and flavorful. I also had a few bites of the penne pasta with marinara sauce and chicken. You could tell the sauce was fresh and made from scratch since it was so sweet. Complimentary bread was good too.Would definitely go again, maybe on a weekday when it may be less crowded and noisy.
5	Excellent, We went last night to celebrate my parents 40th Anniversary.  Food was great! Our server Rachael did a awesome job.  The restaurant had neat character,it was a bit loud but it is small, so that's expected.  Wonderful all around.
4	I came here with a friend for dunch (is that a thing?) before heading out to a show at the First Niagara Pavilion on Sat.  Given that we arrived shortly after 4pm, I doubted this place would be busy--and it wasn't--which worked out perfectly, in light of this place's size and popularity during normal dinner hours on the weekend.Based on the recommendation of my labmate and other Yelpers, I ordered the spinach and ricotta ravioli, and it didn't disappoint.  The pasta was perfectly tender without being mushy, and the filling was savory and delicious.  As Rachel C. pointed out in her review, this place is quite generous with the sauce, which is great because this was the best part of the dish!  It was a tomato cream sauce that was delicious in its own right, but that complemented the savoriness of the ravioli fillings well.  After finishing my raviolis, I asked for some more bread and used it to sop up the remainder of the sauce.  My dish also came with the Girasole salad--a tossed salad dressed with sunflower seeds (how cute, in light of the meaning of the restaurant's name!)--that served as a great appetizer to the meal.  About the only part of my meal that wasn't noteworthy was the bread, which was fine, but just your standard Italian bread.Since he wasn't as hungry as me, my dining companion ordered the bruschetta, which also came with a salad.  It wasn't your standard bruschetta, however--it consisted of what looked like chopped squash with prosciutto on toasted flatbread.  I'm not sure how much he enjoyed it, since he left a fair amount of the squash and prosciutto on his plate.  However, I wouldn't count this as a strike against the dish or the restaurant, since he can be a pretty picky eater.  I didn't taste the bruschetta in its entirety, so I can't pass my own judgment on it, unfortunately.As others have mentioned, the dining area is definitely small and intimate, and the tables are quite close to one another.  However, this wasn't a problem for us since the restaurant was only about 1/3 full when we were dining, due to being there on an off hour.  We really liked the ambience, which I'd describe as rustic but classy, and it didn't feel like basement dining even though it was.  The waitstaff all seemed quite jovial with one another, which was fun to observe.  I have no complaints about the service we received.Overall, we had a nice experience here, and would definitely return.  Given the popularity of this place, if you want to avoid some of the problems mentioned in other reviews due to the small space, I'd recommend going for lunch or during an off time.  This is definitely one of the better Italian restaurants I've eaten at thus far in PGH, so if you're in the mood for this type of food, give it a try!
5	The staff, the food and the wine are all amazing. A great atmosphere for lunch or dinner. The vibe is one of a kind. Some of the reviews complain about the wait...it's well worth it. Put your name on the list and walk the pleasant neighborhood until you're table is ready. You won't be disappointed!!!
1	Beware the loud-mouthed lout working the front. We stopped by a couple nights ago and asked to check the menu. Finding it acceptable -- despite an abundance of starch with minimal protein -- we walked away to go find the other members of our party to return and ask for a table. But we were accosted by a boorish old man who kept yelling "Hey!" until we turned around to see what he wanted. Come to find out he wanted to insult us by telling us to check out the hamburgers across the street if we didn't want or couldn't afford his fare.Well, needless to say, we didn't go back and had a fine dinner elsewhere. Tip to the house: Insulting the public is no way to win friends or customers.
5	Girasole is a great example of authentic, traditional Italian food.  My boyfriend and I have made this restaurant one of our date-night staples! It is BYOB so feel free to bring your favorite bottle to enjoy with your meal.  They have a rotating seasonal menu that offers daily chicken, fish and meat specials.  Each meal comes with a house salad and a side of bread. The restaurant is great at accommodating your dietary needs. I came with my family for my graduation and they were able to accommodate my mom who has Celiac (an allergy to gluten) without any problems!   I have to admit, if you come here it's definitely for the food. The restaurant is small (which creates a romantic setting) and the tables are very close together (which helps you make friends with your neighbors)! The servers do a great job of tending to their guests and making the best of the situation and the restaurant can feel cramped, loud and chaotic if you are not ready for it.  You are definitely better off making a reservation, but keep in mind that t doesn't always guarantee that your table will be available at that specified time. I recommend going to Girasole on your next date night with an open mind and taking the time to enjoy the food and atmosphere, since that is what makes Girasole one of the best restaurants in Shadyside!
5	Beautiful ambiance, fantastic service, delicious food, and a personal toast from the owner was a great touch!
3	Girasole is a tiny, rustic Italian restaurant not unlike many places at which I've dined in Tuscany. The menu is simple, classic Italian cuisine and is recreated seasonally. The ingredients are fresh and everything is homemade. The only issue I have with the place is the owner. He is in charge of seating people and barked at us that there were no tables. We sat outside under the heater and enjoyed our meal there. He definitely put enough of a damper on the vibe of the place that I won't be returning. It simply isn't worth it.
1	The owner has a complete disregard for customers and the customer experience.  I arrived with my parents at 6pm, just as it stated to get busy.  We submitted our name thinking it would be 20-30 mins.  As tables became available he would seat groups that he knew and/or had reservations.  It was like we were invisible.  As the wait approached 40 min I went up to him and asked how many reservations there were and if he had any idea how much longer it would be.  He looked at me, mumbled a sentence with the word "ridiculous" and said he didn't know.  I politely told him it wasn't a big deal and said he could remove our name from the list.  As we were leaving he came out the door and said we could sit outside (it was 50 degrees with a chance of rain).Only reason I'm leaving this review is because my mom was all worked up and felt disrespected.I just can't support business owners like this.  Go elsewhere.
3	Girasole was much hyped about by my friends but I was very underwhelmed. I dined there on a Thursday evening around 6.30 pm. It was a fairly cold evening so we sat inside. The atmosphere was quaint but the noise was so loud. We had to continually ask one another to repeat themselves. The meal itself was nice but nothing outstanding. Each meal comes with complementary bread and a side salad. A plus is that the menu is quite seasonal. I had the roast chicken with brioche stuffing, brussel spouts and pumpkin whipped mashed potato and my friend had the scallops with chorizo, farro, shrimp and a pea puree. The later was 1/3 the sized of mine. Portion sizing here is definitely not their strong suit. I highly advise asking about this before order, especially for men!Service-wise the waiter was attentive and helpful. However, I was a little thrown back to observe the waitresses placing the complimentary bread into the basket with her bare hands... I was not impressed. Are a pair of tongs really that difficult to find in a restaurant??Overall, Girasole is a nice place but over priced and very noisy.
1	It's been a minute since I lived in Pittsburgh, but I frequently return to attend events and visit close friends from school and work. I think Pittsburgh has absolutely wonderful food, and I truly became entranced with the culinary scene while attending Carnegie Mellon and checking out local fare. Luckily for us CMU kids, Shadyside was a hop, skip, and a jump away. Therefore, it was naturally the perfect neighborhood to dine and shop.I had the opportunity to attend two group birthday dinners at Girasole. Both times the food was authentic. The place itself is very small and intimate, so it has a very nice, cozy, if not bordering on claustrophobic feel. That is not the impetus for my review. Both times I have dined here, the customer service was intolerable. A moment that I will never forget in all my life was at my birthday dinner, when the waitress came to our table as we were about to leave, and said to our group, (my friends who had graciously paid for my dinner) "why is the tip so low? What was wrong with my service?" My friends had left this woman at least a 15% tip. I will never forget this publicly humiliating moment for the rest of my life. This should serve as a reminder and a stark warning for all who work in customer service (as I have myself) that you should never, ever do something as atrocious as what this waitress did. There were so many alternatives to how she or the restaurant itself could have approached this, but I truly believe she acted in the least responsible, most alarming manner I have yet to see from anyone who holds a job. That is the prime reason why I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	My first visit and first meal in Pittsburgh and I absolutely loved it! Jimmy the Pie, the owner and charmer of the restaurant,made us feel right at home. The food was delicious and so was the company in service!
4	Never had any experience with rudeness here, or any other problem. They make the best beans and greens around (and I order this dish at every Italian restaurant) - brothy, just the right amount of saltiness, and just right for sopping up whatever's left on the plate with their delicious crusty bread.  The salad with Gorgonzola is also pretty amazing.  A great neighborhood standby.
3	The best part of this place is definitely the atmosphere and service.  It's always busy, lively and the staff really hustle.  The food to me was just ok though.  Nothing horrible, but nothing that stood out.  We ordered the Linguine Rustic and the Mezza Rigatoni.  Both were ok, the Linguine seemed a little bland to me and some of the clams seemed like they were from a can? The rigatoni was much better.  The pasta was cooked well and the meat sauce was very flavorful.  I was wishing for red pepper flakes the whole time though, but that's a personal preference really.Overall, I would probably give it another shot and maybe try the ravioli everyone seems to rave about!  And, of course take advantage of the BYOB next time.
5	This is such a great restaurant! I actually am surprised to see the 3.5 stars because every experience I've had here has been top-notch. I called ahead to make sure it was okay to bring a young child at dinner time and was told enthusiastically to definitely come. There are many vegetarian options and they are very tasty. Everyone from the host to the servers are attentive and kind. The ambiance is lovely, and the atmosphere is lively yet cozy. It's one of my favorites in Shadyside!
4	I have been to Girasole 3 times now, once in June, August and today. Here are my thoughts over all three of my visits.The atmosphere is inherently romantic, except that the popularity of the restaurant combined with the small space makes it difficult for it to be an intimate outing on a weekend (I've been there on Friday and Sunday evenings for dinner, not sure the situation on weekdays). Sometimes it can get pretty loud.However, the food makes up for what lacks in terms of atmosphere. I love that they give unlimited table bread with your choice of butter, olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Their entrees come with a house salad that is exquisite: sometimes I look forward to it more than the pasta! It has this great tart dressing with gorgonzola cheese and roasted pine nuts. Absolutely divine.I've tried three entrees:1) Cavatelli with lamb sausage - light sauce, very flavorful meatballs. Loved trying a new pasta2) Penne with grilled chicken - a constant on an otherwise seasonal menu; this is my BF's staple order but was a bit too safe for me3) The famous cheese and spinach ravioli in a tomato cream sauce - THE BEST RAVIOLI I've ever had. Dipped the bread in the extra sauce, this will definitely be my order moving forward!
4	Solid Italian food with an intimate atmosphere. By no means a "hidden gem" like some of the other reviews tout, but overall very great flavors
5	Excelnte place right across from Lincoln Center if you did not get tickets to the opera from here you can listen, magnificent atmosphere, service is also very good, quality excellent reasonably priced food, on 2 occasions I have been always see more locals tourists and this always speaks highly of the place, also is seen to be people of very good standard. Their pizza pie is the best I've had in PA and the lasagna is great, sensational desserts .
4	My wife and I were looking for a nice place to celebrate our 23rd anniversary. Researched various reviews on Yelp and finally decided to try Girasole. We arrived at around 7:30 on a Saturday evening to find a full restaurant, but our timing was apparently good because we were seated within 5 minutes. The restaurant is small and seating is tight. This is not unusual for Shadyside however and was to be expected. Being a Saturday night there was quite a bit of noise and it was a little hard 2 have a conversation over dinner. On a positive note it was clear that everyone was enjoying their time and the food that we saw being ordered looked terrific.  The menu is simple consisting of a limited number of rustic pasta dishes as well as daily specials. We ordered an appetizer of beans and greens with homemade sausage which was very popular as everyone else around us also was ordering it. For good reason as it was absolutely delicious. For entrees I ordered Gnocchi, which were light and fluffy and came in a delicious tomato sauce with bits of fresh mozzarella cheese infused through it.  Simple,  but really good,  one of the better pasta dishes I have had in a restaurant in some time.  My wife ordered a filet mignon special.  The steak was cooked to order and was nice and juicy, but a little under seasoned according to my wife. It sat on a base of truffle infused mashed potatoes and was topped with roasted portobello mushrooms. Delicious at $35. Entrees come with a  house Salad,  dressed with a simple Italian dressing.  Fresh and tasty.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant, but personally would probably consider coming back on a weeknight when perhaps it was not so busy.
4	Great food, atmosphere and staff.  You can tell this is a family owned business that really cares about the experience of their customers.  The salads are very tasty with a light dressing. I recommend the Cheese ravioli in a blush sauce.
2	Come for the food and not the atmosphere or service. I Made reservations for 7 pm on a Friday. When we got there was a line out the door. After pushing our way to the front of the crowded entrance to inform the host we were here, we found a crowd of people standing there complaining that they haven't seen the host in 10 minutes. The host finally came to the front and I said we had reservations. He asked who else had reservations for two, which no one did except for me and my girlfriend. Without asking for my name we were seated right next to the host's podium where he had to pull out the table so we could fit to sit down. We were practically sitting on the laps of the couple next to us. The waitress who seemed to be rushed did not offer any recommendations. Aside from the poor service and chaos, the food was pretty good. I had the risotto which was a little bland but the sausage and mussels made up for it. Also, I was surprised by the limited number of seafood options. I will give girasole another chance at a less busy time but was not impressed.
5	Food, service and atmosphere were excellent. I don't ever post reviews but couldn't believe this place didn't have a higher rating.
