4	I wanted a spray tan to look hot for my birthday and didn't want to pay a ridiculous amount of money to get one. I found a coupon to get a $10 one here so I jumped on it. The young lady working behind the counter was extremely friendly and chatted me up. She didn't pressure me into getting a membership but did let me know of the opportunities they had available. The only quip I had with the experience was that the towel I was given to wipe down afterwards was super teeny. Besides that it was a pleasant experience and I'd go back again.
5	Six months after Halloween, I was still sporting my ghost costume... time for a fake and bake! I used to live behind Darque Tan in college, so I hopped on over to see what the rates were. Kaylene the sales rep was AMAZING. She is bubbly, well spoken and makes you feel like  your business truly is valued. There was NO pressure to buy a large expensive package or $60 bottle of lotion - In fact, she told me your first week is FREE. Honestly, this isn't the nicest tanning salon I could go to, however Kaylene's service will keep me coming back! GREAT JOB GIRL!
4	Big fan of this place. The staff are so nice and helpful. Unfortunately, this location is a little small.  The one on Scottsdale Rd is AMAAAAAZING though!! The beds regularly changed and lights swapped out frequently. The lotions are nicely priced compared to other places.  The level 2 unlimted is also waaaay cheaper than other places.
4	I have been tanning here on a very consistent basis for 2 years now.  The staff is very friendly and always looking to help you out.  Because I am a regular I have gotten two bottles of lotion 30% off and it is things like that that keep me coming back.  I tan in the level one beds and it is less than $20/month for unlimited tanning, great deal!  It is always clean and I love that they are open late (until 11pm most days) so it fits into my busy schedule.My only complaint is that you get charged automatically every month as a member.  I would prefer if you had to come in to pay every month.  If you are an ASU student look for their coupons in The Student Handbook every year and don''t forget to refer a friend to get $5 added on to your account for upgrades!
5	Called before for hours and if I needed an appt for a spray tan and none needed. It was great I have a groupon for 5 spray tans and I just go in whenever they are open. Was in and out in like 5 mins no wait!!!! Clean and lots of beds. Glad I grabbed their Groupon :)
1	After two negative experiences, I wanted to give this location another chance, only to be severely disappointed once again.Upon walking into the door, I am greeted (if you can call it that) with a, "What's the last name." The girl behind the counter obviously could care less about customer service since she gave less than none. Not even a hint of a smile. The girl looked as if she were going over everything else she would rather be doing in her head. I felt not only unwelcome, but disrespected as a paying customer.I came with a friend who had never done a spray tan before, and I let the girl explain to her how to do it. I myself have worked in a tanning salon for over 5 years, and every direction that the girl gave my friend was 100% wrong. To keep my friend from having her spray tan ruined, I explained the correct way for her to apply barrier cream, pose, etc. When it came my turn for the spray tan, I stepped into the booth onto the metal plate and was pracitcally standing in a puddle (a problem I had had before). I went up to the front and asked (very politely), if she could please wipe down the plate because it was still very wet. Not only did the girl roll her eyes at me, but she did not entirely wipe the plate. I was still standing in wetness during my spray.On top of everything else, I ended up having water drip on me from the ceiling of the booth due to the fact that the machine had not been properly wiped down after sanitization. Any vet spray tanner will know how detrimental having water drip on you during a spray tan can be. It goes without saying that I will not be returning to this location any more, and neither will my friend. If any managers are reading this and are interested to know who the girl was that was working, I visited on 10/7/12 at 6 pm at the Tempe location.
4	Great beds!! A little pricy but worth it!! Girls are nice!! Very clean for a tanning salon!!
2	I tanned at this place for about a month however was not impressed by the staff. They were very rude and they didn't seem to care about their customers. One time I walked in when two employers were there and they chatted among themselves for a good minute before getting to me. Only thing I can say is that the beds were clean. There is better places then this one.
1	I had a very bad experience with Darque Tan. I needed a full body tan before my trip to the Dominican Republic this summer and asked the gals there what the best package would be for me given I only had two weeks to tan. They ended up selling me this ridiculous package costing over $100 for just five tans. I even asked if there were any deals for first time clients....they said that was the best they could do. I later found out that I could have signed up for the same package for much less, but it was up to me to address this during time of purchase. When I returned to dispute this matter, the girls basically told me TOUGH LUCK! What horrible customer service and these employees obviously work off a commission because they definitely did not offer me the best deal for what I was wanting to accomplish. I will not go back, nor will I refer anyone to Darque Tan.
