4	Sandra was reccommended to me by a friend who had a bridesmaid dress altered (due to pregnancy) and her friend who had her wedding dress altered.  Sandra altered my wedding gown in 3 sessions and it turned out perfect, fit perfect!  She has a good eye and upon doing my final fitting decided to throw something in last minute which improved the dress even more.  She was also very kind.  My only quite small complaint was that she always seemed to be running a bit behind and I ended up spending some time waiting for each appt.  Prices are great also.  I was trying to avoid alterations at David's Bridal due to a friend's horrible experience and Sandra really came through.
5	Sandra is absolutely wonderful! She altered my bridal gown and did so beautifully. She took the time to have me come in to try it on several different times to make sure my dress was perfect and exactly how I wanted it. She was very accommodating and even let me stop in last minute with my mom and sister who were visiting from out of town. I would recommend her to anyone wanting a perfect fit/alteration.
4	I loved Sandra! I brought in my dress to be altered in January for a December wedding. She had me go over what I wanted to change. I needed to add sleeves and bring up the back of my dress but I wanted it to look like it was all one dress and not just sleeves tacked on. Well, I ended up moving  my wedding date to April and she was so accommodating. Even with some miscommunication about the date she had my dress ready for pictures previous to the wedding and then I brought it back to her so she could bustle it. She took lace from the bottom of my dress and used that to continue the lace and beading of my bodice into a sleeve. It looks flawless. She also brought up the back with the same lace and I was able to keep my lace up back. I don't know how she did it but it was amazing! Also very affordable. Sandra will make you look fabulous!! She is great at understanding what you want and making it happen.
5	I got Sandra's info from a local bridal shop and loved that she was accessible via email and text and she was even able to quote me a price via test message.. When I went in for my appointment I had no plan for the dress I had purchased and she was extremely helpful and honest and talked me through my various options. In the end she made my $99 dress look a million times better!
