5	I love that we have a home depot out here. The last few times I have been the staff has been friendly not annoying and it was actually cool in the building.
5	I've heard people say that Disneyland is the happiest place on the planet... I might have to disagree (although I've never been. haha). I LOVE Home Depot. Love it! I bought a house last year and this store was my go-to-place for everything and the staff could not have been more helpful. They walked me through doing projects I had never done before, from putting up a misting system on my back patio to replacing the insides of a toilet tank, to installing a ceiling fan. Chris, the master plumber even went out of his way to give me his hours at the store so I could call if I had any questions while I was working on my plumbing projects. Also, I purchased carpet (with installation services) from Home Depot and had a great experience. They kept me up to speed on my order's status and the carpet was amazing quality at a much lower price than the other carpet places I checked out before I purchased. Very impressed.
4	I enjoy gardening and doing little projects around my house so I frequently come to Home Depot to pick up supplies. The staff is always helpful, even when I have no idea what something is called or how it works, they always can help me find what I'm looking for and give me a run down on how to use it.
4	Good as Home Depot can be. Depending on your taste, Lowe's may or may not be better for you. They're the same but different. :) Selection/brands that is.
5	This is my favorite Home Depot location, and luckily it now also happens to be my closest to home.  They are well laid out, and keep everything stocked.  Put a confused look on your face, and it is never more than a few seconds before someone asks if you need assistance.  On the rare occasion that I have had a less than perfect experience, a quick mention of this to customer service gets that corrected 110%.
3	It's Home Depot.  Big Box hardware store with a wide variety of products from lumber and power tools, to plants and garden supplies, to cabinets and appliances.  Some of their stuff is of lower quality compared to a specialty store, but for a lot of items it doesn't matter (and when it does matter, I don't come here...like when I needed a backflow preventer, the HD version was partially made of plastic compared to the one I bought elsewhere that was all brass).I find this HD no better or worse than any other.  The staff is generally helpful and friendly.
1	Horrible customer service. Horrible management.  Incompetent employees.
1	Home Depot doesnt care about the "little guy"anymore who stayed faithful throughout the recession.  Now they are too busy, as Queen Creek is adding thousands of homes. I just dropped my $4500 counter project, too many extras, they charge you if you sneeze.But the part that made me really drop the project was when I had to schedule the backsplash work seperately, which was fine.  UNTILThe rudest, "B" of a woman, who claimed to be some manager, in essence told me, something totally opposite of what other workers had said and it made me feel like an insignificant  speck.   "My business was unimportant and they will get out when they are ready to measure the backsplash and forget about it being done by Thanksgiving." So the countertop would be in but the walls torn up until they can get to it, even though I am planning way ahead.I was absolutely floored by that attitude,  so I cancelled the project and closed my credit card account, which they had originally solicited me for.Like any corporation,  One customer loss, no big deal but if millions walk away, the little guy can regain some power over these jerks!!
1	Countertop Horror, part II, so last night the countertop company calls about my countertop being ready to install.  Seems that the douche bags at Home Depot, Queen Creek, dont care about their vendors, either.  After I cancelled, the order after being treated like crap, they further bungled the job not letting them know about the cancellation and manufactured my countertop anyway.  The company told me Home Depot was going to "eat. it"  It would have been so much easier if they had made things right, smiled, been polite and just helped me, but all management are as stupid and degrading as their spawn employees! And their lies caught up with them!
2	Lot's of stuff, if I could only find what I'm looking for.... oh wait, I'll ask someone who works here, their answer? "we don't have it, go to a specialty plumbing store".... but when I get home to find a store or the gasket to order online, I find out about plumber's putty (which I didn't even think about while I was at their store) so they didn't have the exact gasket I was looking for but he omitted to tell me about plumber's putty, which would have worked probably better than the part I was looking for (I did tell him what I was looking for and why).  I used to love HD, but lately, their customer service has really gone down the drain (with very few exceptions), it's a shame as I am a home owner and rental property owner.  No such thing as running in real quick to get the part I need anymore. Between not having, not finding or buying a cheap part to hold me over while the real part comes in in the mail, I just assume going to HD for paint and lightbulbs.
1	They really dont care if you buy or not . Good luck getting help walk around for 30min no one even said hi..I would go to Spencer appliances on san tan and market in gilbert.
4	Pretty happy with my experience! Sales team was nice and answered all my patio questions. I appreciated the work ethic of all staff and will be venturing here for all my home needs
5	The best Home Depot I have ever been to.  They answer every question I have and are very patient with me.  I found my go to hardware store for everything for my house.
4	Really positive experiences here. Everyone is always friendly and helpful. Even on July 4th,  which must not be fun to work if you have to, all of the employees walked past us with a smile and a wave or to ask if we needed assistance. Tidy and organized... what's not to love?
1	Horrible customer service, horrible management, incompetent employees.  Worth driving to Lowe's or a different Home Depot in Gilbert.
2	I can't find anything here! I can't even find a nearby employee to help me. FRUSTRATING!!!!!!
