4	This is the first ever Tag Heuer Boutique. The store is about 800 square feet and features the widest assortment of Tag merchandise available. There's limited edition watches found nowhere else. I was looking to try on a specific watch and the salesperson, Dana, was very friendly and helpful. Only downside is there's no "sale merchandise"--only the newest, list price gear. However, the sales taxes in Nevada are a bit lower than California which are making me re-think this purchase. Great store!
4	My husband bought a wallet from this Tag Heuer boutique.  We've never seen one before and after quickly looking online, we noticed there aren't many boutiques in North America.  This boutique is well run by the manager here and the other sales associates just need to be a little more familiar with their products.
5	Their service is superb in every ways!I've purchased a watch for my hubby from this location and got helped by this salesman.  I'm so so bad with the names and forgot the name of this salesman!!! Anyway, I took my time and looked around the store without getting any pressure!  That's rare in high end boutiques.  They usually try to make the sales by following you around and checking you out up & down to assess you to see if you have the ability to make the purchase.  I didn't feel like that at all.  So I bought a watch and left the store feeling good.A couple of weeks ago, I got a card from the salesman thanking me for the purchase and said he will be leaving the store due to his school and his associate will be happy to help if I were to come in for another watch or so.  I thought it was sweet of him to do that.  I would recommend this location to people visiting Las Vegas.
1	My experience was very poor at this store. I had a Tag watch and bracelet that were still under manufactures warranty and the store associate gave very poor service in helping resolve the issue. When you spend thousand of dollars for what us suppose to be quality items you should expect them to last more than 2 years without problems. Poor service and not standing behind their own warranty makes this a place I could not recommend.
4	I visited this location while in Vegas to have the bracelet on my Tag Heuer LINK re-sized. They were very friendly, offered us water or coffee and ended up doing the work for no charge. Good selection of Tag's here.
