5	Consistently delicious, food is made with love, and the service is wonderful. The workers are so nice and aim to please you. I always order the chicken lo mein with small, skinny noodles. The sauce is sweet and savory. Try it!
2	Since Orient House changed management, I have been looking for a good chinese place. To this day, I continue to search but will give China Star the benefit of the doubt.I tried China Star off a limb. I ordered a combination platter - sweet and sour chicken with fried rice. It comes with an eggroll. I asked if the eggroll had pork in it and was told yes. Since I do not eat pork, I wanted to sub it out for a veggie spring roll and was told it was an upcharge. So I kept the basic egg roll and gave my eggroll to my boyfriend who said it was filled with nothing but cabbage. I still ordered a side of spring rolls. My good, they were the size of my pinky finger! No exaggeration. I actually measured them. Very small and filled with nothing but grease. Hardly what I would call to be a spring roll. Two bites is all it takes to finish them. ( you get two per order) I must say however, the fried rice was better than I expected. It had bean sprouts in it which is a plus. To me, Chinese food is not complete without the sprouts. The entire meal (entree) was good. They could have left out the pineapple chunks but it wasn't a big dealMy boyfriend had an order of potstickers and egg drop soup. According to him, it was very good. Again, since I do not eat pork ( potstickers) and do not care for egg drop soup, I didn't bother to try either.Lastly, I love crab ragoon. For me, this makes or breaks a Chinese restaurant. I was extremely disappointed with China Star ragoon. Absolutely the worst ragoon I've ever eaten and trust me, I've had my share including brands you can buy at the store. Very bland, no flavor and hardly any filling. Basically just cream cheese filled in an extremely oily, deep fried and hard pastry shell. Plus, they are the size of a 3 year old hand. For the price you pay to get 6 ragoons, they should be larger in size and taste better. Yuck!Overall, I China Star is decent but they could be so much better. My quest for a good Chinese restaurant in Madison continues on. *sigh*
5	Been coming here for a couple of years and have yet to be disappointed. Consistent quality, great service and their food is made with love. I recommend the lo mein but ask for thin/skinny noodles. Incredible sauce/marinade.
