1	This is the absolute worse place to live.   I have never experienced such unprofessional management and a staff that is so behind on their work.  I could only handle living at this place for four months before I decided to move out.  I had mold in my apartment that no one would come fix for a month and a half,  and it took me to hire an outside inspection company to test the mold, before they eventually did anything about it.   That was only one of the many issues I had living at this residence, it is filled with druggies and I was even robbed at gun point and the office never even once tried to talk to me about the incident... I would never recommend living here to anyone.
2	This community is a sorry excuse for an upgrade for how it use to be. Yes, maybe the prostitutes and drug dealers are gone, but definitely not ALL of them.  They may do a thorough background check, but whom ever they're pulling them from definitely isn't from the person that's living in the home themselves, heck maybe at all. The kids in this community seem to have zero skills in home training because if you leave your blinds open, they'll put their face on your window and stare inside your home, they'll curse, be loud at all hours of the day, and knock on your door and run away. Want to report it to the office staff? Good luck, they'll tell you there's nothing they can do and to follow the kids home and get their address so they can contact the parents - creepy AND a lie. They're too scared to lose business, they've never said anything about the constant people allowing their animals to poop on our sidewalk right in front of your door, instead of the doggy park, regardless if we knew their apartment number. The staff in the office always seem to have an attitude about anything you say, not helpful, and could care less about your problems...they lie about the most ridiculous things and when you call out a lie, THEN they tell the truth because they got caught up. Last time I checked, us residents don't owe you all ANYTHING but the rent at the beginning of the month, but don't be surprised when nobody renews their lease when the time comes. The management isn't bad, but they need to do an attitude check on their employees. Only person I highly enjoyed was a woman named Paige, but unfortunately she no longer works here. She was the only one who seemed to even care about the residents. Safety? Not the highest. They do have a security guard that walks around most nights, but I knew a neighbor that had a 4 of his tires slashed and I haven't seen that neighbor since. I wouldn't be surprised at all if he moved out of this community for that. PAID UTILITIES? Yeah sounds great huh? Sike. Yeah, it's less to come out of your pocket, BUT they made it known they run that. Just in January alone the water was cut off well over 7 times. They cut off the AC way too early, then when we had 1 or 2 hot days they cut the heat back on and told us that they would not be cutting it back on until April. What in the world?! I'm not sure about anyone else, but we live in Arizona, I'd rather be cold and cover myself in a blanket, rather than can't sleep because I'm sweating in my own apartment even with 2-3 of my own fans PLUS the two ceiling fans in the living room. NOW I KNOW THAT SEEMS LIKE A LOT OF NEGATIVITY, BUT I DO HAVE SOME POSITIVES ABOUT THIS COMMUNITY AS WELL. As seen on their website, their pictures actually do look like the real apartment. I love the new cabinets, refrigerator, etc. I give them multiple kudos for being honest about what the apartments look like prior coming to view them. Also, they do have you pay $15 for covered parking and they also allow you to call a towing service if needed when someone parks in your spot. I try not to let it bother me, but when I'm the one paying $15 a month and someone constantly knows I park there obviously because it's my spot, I expect not to receive an attitude when I call for service of a tow. It's only happened once, but the idiot that had an attitude because I told him I wanted a vehicle towed that I've allowed to sit in my spot for so long and I was willing to wait the 4 hour wait before getting service and I guess the provider didn't like that so 4 hours later I called back and he never even set up the tow, BUT other than that...the guy that came to help me was funny and understanding. Their maintenance men are ok as well, as far as I can see (haven't needed to call them much). Ultimately, would I recommend this apartment complex? Not to my friends or family. Maybe to an acquaintance or something being that it's not HORRIBLE like most apartment complexes that pay for your utilities, but there's some things that can easily be fixed!
1	Multiple attempts at communication while trying to move in resulted in lack of knowledge, straight out lies, and a complete run-around. I moved in to no AC and still didn't have any AC 18 days later with lots of requests to office. Without bothering to check, I was told "its a swamp cooler" "it only runs max of 30 degrees of outside temp". Apparently, the girl couldn't do basic math because it was 8 degrees less than the over 100 degree temperature. AC was fixed only to break down again with poor management on getting a number of units fixed. Maintenance is nice enough and do their best to compensate for the horrible management of the property. In fact, all the "finishes" are half-ass and if you live in building where anyone smokes, it will filter into your apartment. So, I moved into a place where my AC didn't work, the pool was closed for weeks, and I can smell smoke (I don't smoke) in my clothing and other textiles. Half of the tenants are hard-working people, the other half are sketchy and not necessarily listed any where on the least. Management does their absolute best to discourage hard-working or advancing folks from living here. GOOD! Don't live here. I hate it and will move out as soon lease is up or life makes it possible. Again, be kind to the maintenance guys. They suffer from the evil of the place and try to make up for its stench.
1	Greystar needs to get their shit together with this comolex. The AC units broke down all summer. They have a HUGE insect problem. The laundry rooms barely work. The dog park is fake grass with piles and piles of dog shit from lazy dog owners. The staff in the office is incompetent except for Kyle who does ALL the maintenance. The ladies that work in there have NO organization or set of priorities. They pretend to leave messages, put you on maintenance work, list for bug guy & it never happens until you call to ask about it. DO NOT MOVE IN HERE. NOT EVEN AS A LAST RESORT.
2	UPDATE 10/04/14: YES! 1 year later and my lease is finally up. This place is ridiculous. Summer times are HORRIBLE in these apartments, their system only sets a few degrees less than whatever the temperature is outside. My apartment typically stayed at 90+ degrees on 100 degree days, yet you can go to the leasing office or one of the laundry rooms and the AC will be blasting like it's the freaking freezer. Ha - and the staff claim their AC is running on the same unit..what a joke. They allowed a pedifile to live in the community and told NOBODY, everyone had to find out by this guy randomly walking around knocking on doors late at night asking did we want to have sex for money, sadly he actually got himself into someone's apartment and started 'messing with himself' infront of a lady and some kids. Yeah - he's out now, but if he would've never done that, we would've never known. There's been tenants arrested for being apart of a drug cartel. Oh - don't let me mention how it takes them FOREVER to have the trash picked up. It's so disgusting, the trash cans will be overflowed for days at a time before the trash man comes and as soon as they leave, it's back to looking the same exact way due to them taking forever to come in the first place and people collecting it all in their home. Don't be fooled by their lies about having / getting a gym, playground for kids, free internet. Yeah....1 year later they don't have any of it. Lies to get people to sign that lease. Only benefit on this community at this point is the really nice & quite handsome light skinned / blue eyed maintenance man ;) other than that - yeah I won't miss this place at all.
