5	I'm lucky to have watched a few shows at The Bouelvard Theater including Tommy Wind's Music & Magic Show, Barbra and Frank and Hip Hop Legends.  I've also had the opportunity to see the venue transform into a nightclub.  The shows are a great deal, the venue is top notch, and the customer service is excellent.  If you're looking to try something different, but still stay on the Las Vegas Strip, then this may be the place for you.  It's on the same block as MGM, across the street from the Monte Carlo.  Just enter the driveway between Fat Burger & Walgreens.  For locals, this place use to be known as Utopia or Empire Ballroom.  Only the venue has now been newly renovated and prides itself on offering live theater performances, in addition to nightlife entertainment.TIP: If you get a chance to stop by, try and visit the outdoor patio upstairs.  Excellent view of the Strip!
4	Nice venue.The two times I have been here I saw Hip Hop Legends Tribute and Tommy Wind's Music/Magic Show. You have 4 chairs to every table. It's a nice intimate setting especially when the lights are done right. The stage is a decent size. The sound system is pretty good as well.I can imagine a nice sized concert here comparable to House of Blues and Hard Rock Cafe, meaning the standing room only kind of venue.For you alcoholics there is full bar for all your alcohol needs. The location is kind of in a weird place because you gotta go down an alley off Las Vegas Blvd (The Strip) in between Fatburger and Walgreens. Once you pass the 24 hour Korean Bbq on your right, the entrance to the theatre will be right in front of you. Valet parking is available to your left.
4	I went here last night to attend the show Stars in Concert.  I had been to this theatre about 7 years ago for another show.  The theatre has been changed some since that time and the changes are good.This venue is really a great, smaller venue.  There are about 40 round tables on the floor each seating 4 people.  In addition, there are 5 rows of theatre style seats in the back.  I sat in the first row here, and it was very comfortable and I had great sight lines.  Again, it's a small venue so you can see well wherever you are.  The theatre has good sound and the lighting was well done for the show.  There's a lounge area with bar before you enter the theatre so if you're early, you can have a drink and relax.  Seating was done promptly 15 minutes before show time.  The employees I came into contact with last night were all very pleasant with great smiles and were very helpful from ticketing to seating.The only drawback may be finding the place the first time you go there.  You need to remember you enter a small alley just north of Walgreens and before McDonalds.  Parking is available behind the theatre and it's a short distance down this alley.A word about the show.  I came to see Stars in Concert which is in its first week at this theatre.  The show was very good.  Rotating impersonators sing live music of famous people.  There was a 4 piece band on a platform raised above the stage.  Last night, there were impersonators of Tina Turner, Michael Jackson, Elton John, Beyonce, Whitney Houston, and the Soul Brothers.  All music is live.  There is no lip syncing!  Not a bad show at all.I'll be back for another show which goes on earlier.
4	Was fortunate enough to see Tommy Wind perform this past weekend.  The venue is quite nice, friendly staff and prompt with showtimes.Tommy Wind is a very good illusionist and entertainer, very refreshing he includes his mother and father in the act.  By the way from a few rows back his dad reminds me of Clay from SOA.  Anyways I digress.It was a very nice show, me and my large family enjoyed it.  Tommy even posed for a picture with my 6 year old daughter.
5	Went here last week for the show Stars in Concert and thought it was a fabulous show. The performers were really talented. They sang and danced well and they looked, sounded, and acted very much like the artists they were imitating. I really was pleasantly surprised. I really loved the Michael Jackson performer! He moonwalked all over the stage! However, there weren't many people in the audience so I decided to write this review to encourage more people to see the show since I thoroughly enjoyed it! My only gripe is the $5 parking and the odd location. It is on the Strip but venue is actually some what behind a row of shops and you can easily drive by it like we did. If you have never been there it might be a little challenging finding it. But so worth it! :)
3	I went to this theater tonight with a concierge event thanks to Where Magazine. These events sometimes are similar to elite events but this was more just a show so I feel it's fair to review it in whole. The show was a concert of the stars. The stars (impersonators) included Elton John, Dolly Parton, Michael Jackson, the Blues Brothers, and of course Elvis. The advertisement mentioned Whitney Houston and Amy Winehouse so maybe they did a short version, or just decided those acts didn't really belong in this group. Either option made sense. I went with my boyfriend and daughter. Now my 11 year old surprisingly knew a few oldies (for her age) like Dolly's "Jolene" and  one of the Elton John songs. For no other reason than she watches Glee. This was almost like Glee in person so she enjoyed herself. My boyfriend and I seem threw some of the cheesy-ness and lack of skill some had. Others were awesome. Only real complaints were 2 small things: 1 drink prices. We got 1 free yet somehow a Shirley temple, a sprite, and a vodka cran came to $28. Strip prices no doubt. 2- MJ's nose. Dude either was truly unfortunately blessed by a monstrosity of a point curvy nose or the make up guys were in a major rush. Everyone noticed and said something about it. But hey, his voice and moonwalk were on point. I'd say the blues brothers up there breaking a sweat was my favorite performance. I love being a concierge and getting to try the new shows first. This show would be great for the 40-60 crowd. Locals for sure should get 2-4-1s. On drinks and tix! Overall my family and I enjoyed the show, and thanks Where magazine for the tickets.
5	Went and watched Tommy Wind and truly enjoyed the show. From slight of hand, to making a motorcycle appear, comedy, music, and crowd interaction make this a 5 star event. The venue is cozy, the atmosphere was great and I will be back to see other events.
