4	Less a liquor store and more a liquor emporium.  Knowledgable staff will set you up with a great bottle of wine for a price that you can afford.  Also a great place to search out that hard to find bourbon for those cold Wisconsin nights.Up front, the store has a couple of tables where you can sample glasses of bottles they have open.  Always quiet and intimate, it's a great spot to broaden your palate.
5	All hail the wall of 100. For those not in the know, this is a wall of wine for less than ten bucks each. Genius! And the staff is so great, that they helped me win a wine tasting party contest: they sold me the winning wine. Genius again!
4	Helpful staff when picking out a 6 pack of beer or a good bottle of wine. The place seems to almost always be busy and for good reason. It is always a good time for at least one of the following: caffeine or alcohol.
5	It is rare that coffee shops have amazing food and amazing drinks, but it's safe to say that Barriques has the best damn sandwiches in Madison. (and cookies and scones)  The staff has always been helpful, and as someone who spends lots of time studying in coffee shops there is always ample room and a table or two free during the day. The WiFi has never disappointed me,  Outlets are sometimes a problem as is cell phone reception.  The evening tends to boast a crowd out to have a good time instead of a good dissertation so stick to studying during the daylight hours.  I am a huge fan of the wall of 100 because after a day of staring at laptop I usually need a drink. (and ask for suggestions, if you have an idea of what you want they will be able to guide you)
5	I love it!  Very inspiring place, to: - taste wine (ask for their tasting schedule), - meet people for a casual discussion- have an aperitive, digestiv or espresso- select a bootle of wine or micro brew and take it home- supply your scotch bar Don't know of anything like this in Chicago. But I'd say that for anybody that wants to get out of Chicago for a day or two, Madison is definitely worth a trip. And if you go to Monroe Street, you'll find some great atmosphere and culinary experience. Check out Brasserie as well. It's just a couple buildings down the street.
4	I used to frequent to this place when I was living in the near West neighborhood. On weekend morning, I'd visit for a cup of coffee (pastries are not so great). On Friday night, I'd be there for glass(es) of wine to unwind after a long week. Their by-glass wine selection is fantastic for both red and white. They cover variety range of wine (dryness, body etc) so you can always be adventurous and try something new. This place also offer wine/spirit tasting. I never had a chance to make it, but I'm secretly planning to take my future date (if I get any).
5	The Barriques on Monroe Street is really one of the best establishments I've been to. It's really both a wine bar and a coffee shop. It's a great environment for chatting with people, and their coffee is very high quality. Oh yeah, they also have high quality whisky as well that you can get by the drink (not that I ever did, I'm no whiskey patron, but I'm familiar with the good types of it).
4	This is a great Barriques location. Very relaxed and cozy. I've enjoyed a Sunday morning or two here(mostly waiting for the Wine and Hop shop to open, so my boyfriend can get his supplies). Parking on Monroe can be a bit diffucult, depending on the time of day that you're there.
5	After doing a class project on Barriques, it has become on of my favorite coffee/wine shops to go to.  Not only does it bring a bit "cooler" crowd than some of the other coffee shops that seem to be full of chatty coffee moms and obnoxious students, but the menu caters to a different taste.  Between the spinach and artichoke dip and the chicken pesto salad (obviously not coffee shop traditional items) and delightful cafe miel....barriques has the food/beverage category nailed.The huge wooden tables offer lots of room to spread out books/computers, etc, and the dark lighting creates an interesting atmosphere that I always found conducive to getting lots of work done.
4	I've been hearing about Barriques for the last couple of years, and its fame is reaching all the way to Seattle. While my fiance Ben is in school here in Madison, and I am still in Seattle, I sometimes call up Barriques and order special bottles for Ben to pick up. Depending on who answers the phone, the employees' wine knowledge has been hit-and-miss, but I understand that they're doing more than just selling wine. Sandwiches, coffee, tea, etc...these guys are busy! And it's no place for wine snobs--just people that love to drink a good bottle!As I'm about to become a full-time Madison resident, I visited Barriques on Monroe St. today to check out the wine selection. My priorities in a new city are as follows: Good coffee? Check. Good wine? Check. Music scene? I suspect "check", but haven't found out for myself yet. Anyway, back to the wine! Barriques has a great "Wall of 100" featuring 100 wines under $10 each. The selection is really interesting and quite solid, with helpful tasting notes from the owner/buyer above each wine. I understand that they also host tastings every Friday night, and I can't wait to check those out!I'm giving Barriques four stars now, but I suspect I'll tack on the fifth and final crowning star after checking out their menu and participating in a tasting event. One last note: as I was purchasing my six bottles today, I was informed that on Tuesdays you can get 10% off of a full case. Bravo, Barriques!
4	One of my favorite coffee/wine shops -- great lunches (the chicken caesar wrap is always a fave, with excellent bacony potato salad), good, affordable wines, and the coffee/tea is always fine.  Service is pretty good and generally quick.  Nice enough employees and it's a comfy place to hang out for a few hours with a laptop or a book.My only complaint is that I hadn't been in here for a few weeks and see that one of the big long tables near the doors has been taken out with small tables put in its place.  Perhaps they did this because too many people crashed out here during the day and took over the big tables to do work, but that's what I want from a coffee shop!  Being able to spread out is relatively rare these days and it's a shame to see that limited, especially as a customer conscientious enough to make sure he buys enough from them to justify taking up so much space.Still, great place.  Drinking wine and writing a dissertation go well together; if you're aiming to do both (or either), give Barrique's a shot.
4	Nice place to sit with some wine and people watch.  It was packed with students the day I went and it was a great time.
5	A great place to have a coffee, some wine, and just relax.  The food menu isn't extensive, but the quality is high.
4	The many Barriques locations scattered throughout Madison are different enough that each merits its own review.  The Monroe St. location is probably my favorite, due to the ease of parking, the comfortable atmosphere (not too cavernous, with a rustic feel) and the really pleasant staff, who make the place a pleasure to spend time in.  At this location you are also likely to spot at least one of the Berge brothers who own the Barriques properties.  They, too, are pleasant and knowledgeable about the vast wine and spirits selection provided in the back of the store.  The Alterra coffee used at Barriques yields some of the best coffee drinks in town.  Soups, light fare such as veggie wraps, and the cheese plate are particular standouts in the food department.What are the drawbacks of Barriques on Monroe?  The space is small - smaller than the other locations they have (particularly the next-closest one off the Capitol Square), meaning that you will frequently stumble into a very crowded space.  The tables, as always, are often wobbly and can be difficult to work with, although the large family-style tables that can (should) be shared are great.  Finally, one major gripe I have with all the Barriques locations is that the bakery items just don't live up to the quality or caliber of everything else on offer.  I talked to one of the employees yesterday, who told me that they are making their cookies at the Fitchburg location and baking them on-site. I don't know if that's a new practice, but there are a couple new welcome additions to the cookie menu.  I long for a little bit better choice range in bakery.Again, the mostly full-time staff is just great.  It's a pleasure to interact with them.  This is a great place to hang out with a glass of wine and a good book, or to bring the laptop and hunker down for work.  I'm so glad that Barriques is on Monroe.
5	If you want great coffee, a great wine selection, and great sevice- go to Barriques on Monroe Street!  (Don't forget to check-in on Foursquare for a discount.)There is ample seating and free wi-fi.  The wine-tastings are a great way to learn about wine and meet people.Coffee is from Alterra (roasted in Milwaukee).  The whiskey selection is great, especially for such a small shop. You can find wine to suit any budget, from the wall of 100 (everything is under $10), to bottles well over $50.Did I mention the great service?  The barristas are always friendly, even super early in the morning.  My favorite coffee shop!
4	The latte is very good -- it's hard to do better in Madison, and it's easy to do worse. Fabulous wine (and booze) selection, with frequent evening tastings. The staff are friendly. Coffee prices are the same as other places. Food is good, but pricy. Physically, it's a nice place. A bit beat up, but in a comfortable, charming, sort of way.  (The men's room is disgusting.)
5	Love it!
4	Barrique's has been my dissertation-writing haunt for years at this point (well, until I finished the dissertation!), and there's many reasons why many of my colleagues work here as commonly as on campus. Their alterra coffee and espresso drinks are reliably good, and their food choices are varied and tasty. I tend to come for morning coffee, read and write with friends, and stay to chat and grab a sandwich at lunchtime. Lots of fresh veggie and meat choices available, good soups (always with a vegetarian option), and a lovely grilled cheese - a surprise at a location that functions primarily as a coffee shop / wine bar. If you're an afternoon writer instead of a morning one, go for the afternoon transition from lunch to a happy hour glass of wine. Beyond the cozy environment and good food, the wall of 100 (their rotating selection of 100 wine bottles under $10) is an amazing feature. It's always possible to leave with a few good bottles and advice on pairings if you're unsure about your menu.Just a few minor quibbles: Likely due to the popularity of Barrique's in general and this location specifically, it's not always easy to find a table here. I recommend either showing up early or in the mid-morning or mid-afternoon. Most people are cordial about sharing large tables, but many of the tables are small enough that they're impractical for two laptops if you're both academics or freelancers. Also, their bakery items are fine, but clearly the weak point. A little more variety (or maybe in-house baking? - I suspect bakery items are ordered in) here would be amazing!
4	One of my favorite cafes in Madison.  Great for coffee, a quick sandwich, or wine/beer.  Decent place for working/studying, but the internet can be pretty slow if at capacity (often busy on the weekends), also has a bit of a limitation in terms of outlets.  Favorite thing is the wine tastings (Fridays or Saturdays) - more expensive than other tastings in Madison ($9-14), but great themes, bottles, and conversation.
5	There is no other coffee shop/wine spot I love as much, unless it's the Barriques in Fitchburg. Morning or night, it has the perfect ambiance and great service.
4	I've only stopped here for coffee, and they do it well.  The baked goods always look fabulous but, I stay away because they go right to my hips.A big wine selection, plus some  gifts.  Tables are a bit crowded together and it can be hard to find a place to sit when it's busy.  Excellent people watching!
3	2 stars. 3 stars. 2 stars. 3 stars. 2 stars. 3 stars. 2 stars. 3 stars. 2 stars. 3 stars. 2 stars. 3 stars.3 stars. I usually ignore stars on here and go straight for the meat, the review itself, so I would urge you to do the same. Here are some things Barriques has going:1. Darn good iced coffee. 2. You don't have to sign a CC merchant copy.3. Uhm wine wall anyone? 4. Get a slice of pumpkin chocolate chip bread. Really. 5. You know that wine wall?Here are some things that need attention: 1. Been three times, each time tables were dir-tay. (That's dirty with attitude). 2. Floor needs a scrubbin'. 3. After I wash my hands in the men's room, I want to wash my hands.(notice a theme?)My vote... go for the iced coffee, wine wall, pumpkin chocolate chip bread, wine wall, wine wall, and the wine wall and take your goods to go. Yo.
3	Great wine, subpar coffee.Spend your time in the wine selection and don't let the froofyness get to you. The staff is knowledgeable and kind. ONLY COME HERE FOR THE WINE.
5	So many good memories here - homework, chilling, dates, pick me ups, you name it.  I love Barriques.Never have I had the experience of rude staff... The bread on their breakfast sandwich has changed three times in the past couple of years, and the current kind isn't exactly my favorite, but it's local and holds in the good parts (egg cheese and local bacon).  If I could recommend one drink: Mexican Mocha.  So so good.  One food item: cowboy cookie all the way.I'll keep coming back every time I'm home (currently in grad school in DC)
4	Wine tasting for $14; wide range of wine qualities. Not much of a red wine drinker so all the wines kind of tasted very similar to me :( but other people were raving about the "higher quality" wines we tasted, so there you go. ALSO, this place uses Belly and I just happened to have collected enough points for a free crab dip ...wine tasting and crab dip heyaaaaaaa!To end my review, I have to say. Any time I go to a coffee shop I think "could I work here?". No. Maybe I would get a different feel if I came during the day hours, but it didn't have the right feel anyhow. Come here for the wine, go to the Barriques by the capitol for some java and some concentration.
4	This is such an adorable place! If I lived in Madison, this would be my to-go spot. The food and coffee are great and reasonably priced and it doesn't hurt they serve wine! Love this place during the summer when I was in Madison. Made my way there to study every day.
5	Real cool place to go, taste, and learn about wine.  Very knowledgeable staff.
4	Great spot with great coffee. The staff is super friendly and helpful. I love their selection of baked goods too.  Looking forward to the new location next door because the bathrooms will new and updated!
4	They're about to move and I can feel this review dating itself as I write it but...I'm a big Barrique's fan and I actually like this location quite a bit. The grungy look and feel is not what I look for in a nice restaurant but sorta charms me in a coffee shop. Dark wood, aged tables...this is the kind of place you spend all afternoon and evening (and I have). The Hi-ho hummus wrap is anything but ho-hum. House-made sun dried tomato hummus, tomato, cucumber, olive tapenade in a tomato basil wrap! It comes with feta but I opted out. They've got the good coffee and tea offerings of their W. Wash brother. Solid.
3	Stopped by most recently on Saturday for a spot of tea and to do some people watching.+ Friendly service; prompt and helpful+ Reasonable prices+ Nice selection of loose-leaf teas+ Great coffees+ Serves alcohol and some food items, if you're so inclined+ Quirky space- Tables need to be wiped-down more often- Reeeeeaaaallly cold inside, or it was both times I've been there
5	Barriques on Monroe has always been one of my favorite "office work" spots. As a person who works from home, the free parking (next street over!), outlets galore, great wifi connection, tasty coffee and Mediterranean Plate keep me coming in! But now--- with the new space, so clean and bright, I'm completely in love! Everything I've ever enjoyed about Barriques but with a face lift! There is now a nice bar area to enjoy a beer or glass of wine and I feel like the tables are less cramped.
4	Stopped in here during a quick drive through Madison just before they closed, which is always an invitation for seeing employees at their most annoyed. But these Madisonians (is that what they are called?) were so helpful and positive in spite of the late hour. The espresso drinks were very well done, which is all you can really ask for in a coffee stop. I see no reason to not try them again!
5	WINE TASTINGS = OFF THE CHAIN. I went last Saturday PM and for $12 had a super awesome experience in their beautiful new digs. We tested out 8 different wines which retail from $7.49 to $34.99. They have different tastings every week; this Friday and Saturday they're doing scotch! What a great way to taste a variety of wines and liquors and walk away with a bit more knowledge.
5	I love love love Barriques. The sandwiches and soups are delicious and the coffee is always stupendous. I have never had a bad experience here. It does pick up during the late afternoon as people stop in for their afternoon pick-me-up, otherwise it's a good place to get some work done too!
4	Not my favorite Barriques location, but I do enjoy the bright interior.It's just a bit too loud at times, and can get really cold during the winter with people coming in and out of the front door. Buuuuuut, they do have wine and beer tastings all the time, and while I don't consider myself an alcoholic, I do consider myself an-enjoyer-of-fine-alcoholic-drinks-at-all-times-of-the-day kind of person.
2	Iced coffee is unbelievably good. However, the internet has been pretty spotty lately so I've started going to Crescendo instead.
1	I will no longer be a 'regular' at this spot. While their late hours and wine selection are nice, their hot drink orders failed me countless times. At first, the said they had to charge me for a full latte if I had MY OWN milk to add to a double espresso. So instead I ordered a hot tea. While I waited I noticed their counters completely filthy from the coffee grounds and spilled drinks. NOT pleasant. Not only did the barista spill the hot drink of my hand while passing it over to me, the top of the cup was so flimsy that two cup sleeves had to be added to make the cup stable. As I went to add honey to my tea, I was welcomed with a sticky mess that made everything sticky. Additionally they were out of all utensils, straws and stir sticks (anything to stir the honey in). Needless to say, I was not happy with Barriques.
5	This cafe is pretty unique; it is actually a wine bar cafe. The environment is nice, the food is fresh and delicious and the drinks are just awesome! Be sure to try their liquor coffees. I got their irish coffee! It was good and strong! Definitely needed whipped cream on top! Their avocado jack wrap was very fresh and delicious! Also healthy! I am planning to go there more often! Don't miss it!
3	Barriques is a solid three-star coffee joint. They would get a higher rating from me, but they can be wildly inconsistent among locations and even baristas. It's Thanksgiving and I'm just glad to find an open local coffee shop. 4-Shotter and a cowboy cookie. I'll survive the rest of the day now. Today's latte, a bit foamy but otherwise solid.
