2	There prices have increased and service is poor. I'm always waiting and feel that they are rushing. I also have experienced a huge increase in ingrowns since going here. I will not be going back.
4	Had my first appointment here today for a Brazilian and eyebrow wax.  Both went very well, and were nearly painless. A few notes about this place: apparently they do a lot of business and so they are very strict about appointment times.  (They will warn you on the phone that if you are 5 min late, they mark you as no-show, but will try and fit you in.)  The wax they use is not the typical stuff that is pulled off with muslin strips.  The wax hardens on the skin and they pull it off once it has firmed up.  It's really cool! And I think it's less painful that the other type.  They have a great deal for locals - your first visit you can get a bikini wax or eyebrow wax free! (They actually gave me 1/2 off the Brazilian which saved me extra.)I had Chantal as my waxer; and she was very friendly, professional, and efficient.  Overall, very good experience... only about 5 minute wait, and waxing was done in about 30 min.  Will definitely be going back!
1	I went here a couple of months ago because my cousin recommend this place. I don't think I will be back here again! I did get my eyebrows waxed here and the lady didn't do a good job.The place is clean, staff is friendly but they do try to upsell some of their products.
5	I had a wonderful first time experience there today.  I called on my way there and they got me right in for a leg wax.  They use hard wax and no strips so the pain wasnt bad at all. And she was done in less than 15 min.  I had Barb and she did a great job! And from all the research I have done they have the best prices in town.
5	I'm actually surprised this place gets bad reviews at all.  I LOVE this wax center!  I'm an aesthetician and I trust them to my waxing needs (there's no way I can do a brazillian on myself...I just can't).  I also used to work in retail so I understand the upselling aspect; it doesn't bug me.  Especially because they know home care is just as important as your service, and they CARE.  I've always found them to be friendly and welcoming (there's always the occasional exception, which I just chalk up to a bad day), SUPER efficient, sanitary (hello nail shops who double dip!),  and they have they're own trademarked wax, which is  by far the best I've ever experienced.  I've never had my brows done there, but you honestly have to find someone who is good at SHAPING brows...just because you can wax doesn't mean you can shape.  And like the previous review said,  yes you have to be very specific!  No one is a mind reader so be helpful to your technician.So anyway, 5 stars, I love them!
5	I have been receiving regular bikini waxes since 2005. When I moved from Miami I was terrified to find a new wax girl, but Shannon at European Wax Center in Las Vegas is awesome. The Center uses really high quality wax and every appt I have had there has always been comfortable and professional.
5	Doing a Brazilian wax is not easy. one thing is the pain and the second the embarrassment , this was my first time doing a Brazilian wax i was very concern about my dignity most of all , I was treated by Rachel she made me feel comfortable and tried to minimize the pain  as much as possible .the product they use is amazing the price was more than amazing  $ 21 for the first time is a still , i would totally  recommend this place  very professional and  very clean .I am now a regular .
4	Very accommodating for late appointments. It was a pleasant and not so painful experience. I bought 2 skin care products. One for ingrown hair and the other for thinner and slower hair growth. They were on sale so I thought I'd give it a try.
4	i was referred here by 2 friends of mine and was kind of nervous about the whole thing. my wax girl (not there any longer) was very nice and made me feel at ease (as do the other girls i've had) the only REALLY awkward parts were the inner lips, and the booty area where they have you lay face down and spread your cheeks lol (i was tempted to ask if anyone had ever farted while doing this but i refrained)overall, it was a very nice experience & will continue to be a customer of EWC
5	I love this place..I've been to different places an this place by far is the best...they are professional an make me all smooth...plus for 500 for the whole year unlimited waxing can't beat that deal...
4	My first time using the service here and it was pretty good.The NOT so good part is the pain.The lady that did my precious part put me to ease by speaking about random topics. Its a friendly business and they have a line of skin products from body wash to post wax treatment; But I have yet to try any.
5	Absolutely love this place! The staff is unbelievably nice - which is strange in Vegas. Shira is definitely my girl! Love her to pieces. I was recommended by my friend Karin who did nothing but praise Shira and this location. My first time going was in August a few days before my 23rd birthday. I had the Brazilian and eyebrow wax. I was super nervous for both of the waxes - eyebrows because a lot of people have screwed up my eyebrows in the past and Brazilian because of obvious reasons (embarrassment and pain). Neither one is as painful as I would of thought! Plus it helped how bubbly Shira is and how she can keep a conversation going to help you not focus on potential pain. I can go on and on about how much I love this place but I'll cut it short. This place is clean, unbelievably friendly, not too painfully, and it is easy to make appointments or rescheduling. Plus, they send you email reminders and call you the day before! So awesome!
5	I've been going here for over 2 years and love this place. Barb is the best. She is fast, knowledgable & so sweet!
5	Shira is the best! I have been coming in for 2 years and always look forward to my time with her. I was so nervous coming but she always makes good conversation and makes the process as quick and painless as possible. I am moving out of state soon and would take her with me if I could!! Sad to say goodbye to her.
4	Ok, first this could be TMI for you so I will be brief :)This was my first time here as I need a wax service prior to my trip to Hawaii. I've never tried a Brazilian so I was like why not?Well I guess if one goes more regularly, it's not as painful.... And I will leave it at that.The place and room I was in was spotless and really clean. They use hard wax, which apparently doesn't stick to skin and is less painful. They also use a new application stick for every application of the wax.The woman that worked on me was nice, efficient and sympathetic... To my pain.In terms of payment, there is a first time local special for $21. but for future visits, the format of this place is like the massage envy, buy into a yearly program or buy multiple sessions for a discount.All in all I would come back and buy the multiple sessions but at a location closer to the southwest. I want to see if it does get less painful.
5	Been coming here for about 7 months.  I bought the unlimited packages for underarms and eyebrows after i was forsure i would be coming here.  I started out seeing Stephanie and she is great! Does a great job on my arches, trimming and just everything lol. After she went on matermity leave i had to try other techs. I like everyone except Miya (i believe u spell it miya). She missed spots on eyebrows and underarms and wasnt too friendly. Barb, Brittany, and Mariana All Do a Great Job to the "T" and I can be pretty hard to please about stuff like this. I currently see Mariana because she is most availavle for me and is really great at what she does. Im not too good at appointments so its perfect for me. Place is very clean, No double dipping! 1st time visit u get a free eyebrow or underarm. $16 After. Unlimited packages are aweosme if u wax alot, u can use it at any location and Nationwide! The Slow It Body Wash & Ingrown Hair Serum is awesome, No More Ingrown Hairs For Me
1	It is now time for a little update on what once used to be a five star rating establishment to a negative five star (if only that were possible). Roughly 6 months ago, European Wax Center changed owners which became one of the biggest mistakes they could of done. The new "management" (if you even want to consider it as management) is absolutely HORRIBLE. Let's start from the moment you walk in shall we?Receptionists/Service - ugh. Just the thought of them makes my blood boil. The worst receptionists in the history of receptionists. Snobby, uneducated, unfriendly little GIRLS who should go work at McDonald's. You actually get better service at a McDonald's than you do with the receptionist. You call to set up an appointment with a certain person and if they don't like that person, they try to book you with someone else. WHO DOES THAT? Oh and their "package deals" aren't really as great as they may seem which they are so persistent to make you buy. If you don't, oh well you get attitude from them! The Waxing Professionals - well, my girl Shira is the best. Right hand to God - why would I lie to you? I have never allowed any other person there come near me - if anyone did, things would of been at a LEVEL 10. It would of gotten real! WORLDSTAR HIP HOP REAL. But they knew better than that. From the looks of their interaction with their customers, they're just as unfriendly as the receptionists. No one has a relationship with their customers as Shira does. Shira instantly becomes your best friend from the first time you get waxed. So, as a best friend, she greets you with open arms and is actually happy to see you (NOT just for the $). I don't know if it's because they hate working there OR because they're just rude but either way UNFRIENDLY FEMALES. As far as the management, oh boy do I have inside stories on them! But I won't say the things I know - I, unlike their staff, have manners. I will say this: I can not believe how they could treat one of their best employees like shit. I would never recommend anyone to come here again! Thank goodness Shira has her OWN waxing place and I no longer need to have anything to do with these people again. Shira, I will follow you to the end of the world and back. You shall be the only person who will EVER come near me with wax until the day I die. European Wax Center has lost their diamond, but I am thankful that you are now succeeding on your own. Cheers to you, Shira, and to the success you will be receiving from here on out.
5	Marina & Stephanie are amazing. Quick & pain free. Great customer service. They make you feel very comfortable and relaxed. I have been to several other places and this place is clean and their technicians are very professional.
5	I've been going here for almost 3 years now - Barb is the absolute best! Very knowledgeable and friendly. I always look forward to my appointment because I know Barb and I will be laughing the whole time.
1	Terrible customer service. Terrible price. For starters, I can get my waxing done for half the price (yes, half. No lie. ) at other places. Second, when I purchased a $25 gift card for my friends birthday they 1.) didn't give me a real gift card. The lady accidentally gave me a sample gift card made of paper. 2.) when I went back to get a real gift card, they had lost the account information I had gave it under! So now my $25 credit is virtually gone. And the kicker 3.) when I asked for a refund due to the appalling service, they asked for the receipt that they NEVER gave me in the first place. So done with this store. Will never come back or let any of my friends go in the first place.
5	I have just recently started coming here for Brazilian waxing and I love it! The first time I came I was disappointed with the results but decided to try EWC one more time and I'm so happy I did! I got a different waxer and she was the best she took a lot longer then my last appointment but she got rid of it all! The rooms are very clean and everyone's very nice. I haven't tried one of there year waxing deals but I might! If you go to EWC on lake mead ask for Marisa! She's THE BEST!
5	Been going since April 2013 Amazing Service, Every time I call to Schedule Melinda, Kasey, Sheronda, pretty much all the girls at the desk, or phone are very friendly, and helpful. I get my Wax done by Mariana she's Amazing, my go to girl for eyebrows, and face wax, the wax there is less painful than when I've done waxing elsewhere.
5	Haven't been to Vegas forever and was so excited to find this European Wax Center! Best in Vegas!!!It was very clean, spacious, organized, and the staff was sooo friendly! :)Ask about the wax pass savings program they have for waxing, it saves me so much per visit! I paid about $35.25 for each Brazilian I believe, great deal for waxing!They have a referral program and I also got $10 in points for referring two of my friends! Who just came in for the first time free offer for new guests. I ended up using that $10  towards products for myself. :)Would recommend to anyone!!!
3	I'm gonna start off with the basics before I get into my asinine complaint. I love this place! I'm Croatian/Irish by heritage, so waxing has always been a nightmare; I have the thick, dark hair with pale and sensitive skin. I remember sobbing through many sessions and canceling appointments right before the wax was put on my skin. I don't know what's in the wax, but it's definitely a game changer. My thick, gorgeous eyebrows have never been mauled, and they always look on top of their game. Love it.I normally get the lip and eyebrows done; I don't know if one of the ladies screwed up my chin wax (I'm constantly rescheduling appointments, so I think I've been seen by everyone, oops) but I swear to god that that hurt more than anything else on my face. I just don't get it.Love the student wax pass; sure, I'd love to upgrade to a better package (and some of them look hella great!) but with my student income I'm forced to get this bottom package. Whatever.I don't know if they changed the commission structure over at European Wax Center, though, but they've all of a sudden turned into little sales sharks! I normally drive all the way from UNLV between classes to get my brow/lip done, but this lady literally added an extra thirty minutes to our session just to try to sell me a $38 exfoliator and try to get me to come in twice as often. I was late to my Asian Studies class, which is probably my fault, but still! I understand pushing for the packages (I usually use one, so I get it), but that just felt over the top. Definitely switching ladies; still love the Center, but man.
4	I like the concept of a salon dedicated to waxing anything and everything. I normally take care of my eyebrows on my own because i am a perfectionist, but while moving I decided to try this place out. They did great. meticulous and precise and I never felt hustled to get anything else or buy product. I ended up getting more things done once I saw how clean and professional everyone was. I really like that they use hard wax and have a step by step process to clean before and soothe after.  Oh and first time guests get a free wax service. COMPLETELY free. Worth the trip if you are curious
4	I'be been to the European Wax Centers in California, had a few problems with the receptionists in those locations. This particular location was actually very nice. The receptionist greeted me, and I let them know I was a walk in. They located me in their system and within 5 minutes I was on my into a service room. I believe my esthetician's name is Samaria (sorry if I mess up her name); she was quick and did a great job explaining the process. I have a low tolerance for plucking, and she made it painless. The location is large and airy, with about 5+ service rooms (from what I could tell). My service room was clean, and a new sheet was rolled out before I laid down. I do plan on returning to this location.
