4	Just opened and boy is the pizza great.  A awesome value at lunch, 10" pizza or sub and drink for less than $6.  My son tried the wings the other night and rated them so so but that might be just because they just opened. I rate them certainly the best of the chain pizza restaurants.  I'll certainly be back.
5	We went there for the first time this week. The staff was very friendly and courteous. They have a nice little patio area where you can sit outside and eat your pizza. The pizza crust is amazing! It is light, crispy, and well seasoned. You get your choice of crust flavors, and we really enjoyed the garlic option. The toppings are generous. The sausage has a genuine spicy Italian flavor and tastes fresh. The sauce is delicious. As a third generation Italian with a family from NYC, I highly recommend Marco's! Plus, it was a great value. We got a large one topping pizza for $8.99 on special.
5	Yes, yes and yes!  I've been on a Charlotte pizza quest for some time, just trying to find the best.  Ok, I'm from CT where the New Haven pizza cannot be beat.  Well, on the East coast, maybe NYC and Boston have better, but just barely.  So, yes to Marco's!!!The ingredients are fresh and flavorful, and the crust is worthy of eating every bite.  I've only tried the pepperoni (two types) and sausage (just the right spiciness) but perhaps I'll branch out after overdosing on my favorite combination.  Sauce is just perfect for me.  The aroma emanating from the delivery box as soon as you get near delights the senses.Nice touch - the management team sends an email thanking you for your business (new kid on the block) and gives coupons.  Great pizza and great deal.  What's not to like?
4	Pizza - Better than JetsService - WAYYYY better than JetsPrice - Yup you guessed it... Better than Jets.Its a chain, and has chain restaurant flavor but for quick pizza this place is great.
4	Been away for school and when I saw this place I just had to try it. The staff was extremely friendly when I went to collect my order. I also forgot to order a crust topper with out hesitation the took my pizza back and added it for me. Cant find many places that will do that with a smile on there face. Food a bit greasy but I really enjoyed the taste. I will def be back!!!
1	Ordered a pizza and salad from this place and the experience was terrible!!!!!! The delivery drive had music so loud in the car and came to my door with a cigarette in their hand. Needless to say, the order was wrong and I was told that my was order was not wrong by person on the phone. Total rip off !!!!
3	Decent pizza! Better than any other chain I have tried.
5	We have worked with Marco's Pizza twice now on big catering orders. They were amazing! The pizza is always delicious (along with the cheese bread and cinnamon sticks) and the service was wonderful. I left a table back at our office and Joey the manager at this location brought a table for me and had a staff member help our crew hand out the pizza. All the pizza was on time and hot. We even ended up adding to our order and everything was handled beautifully. Thank you Marco's for your help. We really appreciate you and cannot wait to work with you again!
4	We order allot of pizza from Marco's and there's a reason why. The white chessey is my favorite and all others are great! I've never stepped foot inside the place so this is strictly on a food basis.
5	We've only been in this area for a few months. Out of all the pizza places we've tried this one is our favorite. Fast delivery every time and it's always oh so good.
5	Love love this place. Way better than any other pizza delivery place I've tried in the area. Pizza is always hot and fresh!! Ask for delivery driver Kevin.  He is the best!!!
5	Fast delivery!! Love the white cheesy!! I usually sub banana peppers for the tomatoes.... Get on their mailing list and they'll send you awesome coupons I.e $10 off $20.
