3	rating: 3.5 because of its hip name i was expecting a ghetto-ish place...but the restaurant was really quaint with checkered tablecloth. haha. other than that the food was the standard steak&lobster style. service was great. it's kind of far away from henderson, so i'm not sure if i'd go out of my way to go there again. it could be a once a year thing!
1	EEEEEEK! This place was awful! The worst Lobstah Evah! We came here because they left a coupon on our door, which they didn't want to honor when we arrived, although it was left on our door that same day we went! We got the "special" a whole lobster in a tin pan with a soggy piece of corn. The lobster was like beef jerky...even the tail meat. I had to ask for a knife and demonstrated to the server that it couldn't even be cut with a sharp knife. She was awful and rude from the moment we sat down, or should I say she was rude after 15 min of sitting there with no menus or drinks before she finally came to the table. Back to the awful lobster...sooooo bad! After about 20 min of no staff in the dining area, a man server came to ask how it was and we said we were done after only having a few bites...he spoke to an "invisible manager" and came back and said we didn't have to pay for anything, they gave us the coupon back and said to come and try them again...which we have not and never will. Don't do it!
4	I have eaten here a few times for breakfast and the place for the price is unbeatable. . I haven't tried their lobster yet. I would reccomend for breakfast though.
3	I was very excited to try this place since I am originally from the Boston area. I  went to the Eastern and Serene location for lunch.  I got a cup of the clam chowdah and the lobstah roll.  The chowdah was pretty decent.  Good size chunks of clams and the potato chunks were perfectly cooked.  It almost tasted a little bit sweet, as if they put a little sugar or something in it.  It was also on the thick side, which I happen to like.  The lobstah roll was a disappointment.  It was "shredded" lobster meat that could have been almost anything as it didn't really taste like lobster. It was mixed with mayo and chopped red onion.  I am not a fan of raw onion and so this completely ruined it for me.  The roll it was in was OK, but I was expecting the traditional New England hot dog bun.  I want to try this place again because the rest of the menu looked good.  Might try the whole boiled lobstah next time or the lobstah mac and cheese.  This visit was decent enough that I won't write it off completely as I know lobstah rolls come in all different forms...even back East.
4	Had the lobstah dinner, lobster tacos, Cesar salad, house salad and veggies. Good stuff. Can't wait to go back and try lobster enchiladas (they were out of enchilada sauce so we went with the tacos) and lobster Mac and cheese. Yum. Also - used a restaurant.com coupon so it was REALLY a good deal.
4	If you are not from or familiar with the East Coast, you may not immediately understand the appeal of Monstah Lobstah. However, since I'm from MA I am quite familiar with the red and white checkered picnic table covering that welcomed us as we walked into Monstah Lobstah last Monday. The decor is not deep cherry wood, there is no marble inlay and there are no Picasso's on the walls, but it is a cleaner example of what I've experienced back home. The server had on a Red Sox jersey (automatic brownie points) and was friendly and well-versed about gluten intolerance. In fact, they are thinking about making a separate gluten-free menu for the restaurant very soon. LOVE IT. He told us that if we need him we should throw a ketchup bottle at him to get his attenion. Otherwise, he will leave us be to enjoy our meals. Perfect!We got a coupon from www.restaurant.com and decided to go all out and get two Lobstah Dinners. Let me tell you, we left SATISFIED! Sure, the lobster isn't fresh out of the ocean like back home, but it was as close to Maine in Vegas that we can find for a great price. The big dinner pan (yes, I said dinner pan, like the one you use to cook a turkey or Easter ham)included a lobster, 1.5-2lbs in weight, clarified butter, lemon, and then two sides. I chose corn on the cob (obviously steamed, a little mushy and all kinds of juicy) and a baked potato complete with butter and sour cream. My boyfriend got a baked potato and onion rings which were crispy, non-greasy and had a good batter to onion ratio.The baked potato wasn't anything special but hey, who comes to a lobster joint to get a good baked potato? Especially when this dinner before the coupon cost $18.99.The lobster. Ohhhh the lobster. Tender, juicy, sweet and oh so flavorful. It barely needed any butter it was that good. Thankfully they split the tail for you which makes eating that chunky rear that much easier. They gave us a solid metal lobster cracker that made those slightly more difficult places a little easier to open and off course the teeny fork for those hard to reach places. My boyfriend and I didn't talk to each other for a good 20 minutes until I looked up at him, butter on my new shirt and  threads of luscious lobster hanging from my fingers, "I can't breathe, but I can't stop." I then proceeded to dive back into the feast of my childhood once again.Go here, but don't go here thinking it is going to be like one of those fancy restaurants on the strip because that's not the focus of this restaurant and it doesn't have to be. If you're looking for white table cloths and crumb scrapers at the end of each course you're at the wrong place. Thankfully.
5	I have had Monstah Lobstah on my radar for quite some time, so when the Living Social deal popped up, I grabbed it quick and boy am I glad I did. The restaurant is unassuming, located in a strip mall inside a Doc Holliday's. The employees were friendly. We perused the menu and the prices are pretty reasonable for fresh seafood in my opinion. I'm not a regular lobster eater, so I don't claim to be an expert, but I know what I like and I liked this - a lot. I ordered the Uconn Roll, which is  1 1/2 pounds of steamed lobster on a roll with some lettuce served with a side of fries. My fella got the surf and turf. They will shell your lobster for you if you request, which is helpful. The food was delicious. I was very happy with my sandwich and I have to say that the fries were probably the best I've ever had. We actually ordered another side of fries because my fella couldn't get another. Perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside and not overly salted. We didn't even add ketchup, so you know it was good. Back to the entrees. My fella's lobster was great as well and so was his steak, surprisingly enough. I was extremely satisfied by my meal and with a coupon, it was more than worth it! Can't wait to try some of their seafood chowdah next time. Looks delicious. They also have lots of great-looking breakfast items.The menu is extensive and there are plenty of seafood and non-seafood items to choose from. Definitely worth the trip. If only it was closer to my home!!! This place is great, I wish I had gotten more Groupon and Living Social deals for this place as I can't wait to try this restaurant again. I will be back, hopefully soon.
3	I had high hopes for this place.  What I got was a mixed bag.  I ordered the steak and lobster which was about $25.  The lobster was fine but the rest of it was underwhelming.  The steak, ordered medium rare, was delivered well done, but strangely, had no color.  It looked like it had been steamed.  The baked potato was ok.  The service was good, but maybe it was because I was the only person in there.  I think the market price seemed very reasonable starting at $15 a pound for smaller lobsters and going down to $10 a pound for 6+ pounders.  Using Living Social, Groupon, or restaurants.com would make the price exceptionally good, but sadly, I think the food would still be mediocre.
3	With expectations in check, Monstah Lobstah hits the spot.  I grew up on Boston's North Shore and know a good lobstah roll when I taste one.  This $7.99 entry makes for a nice lunch - with an iced tea - out the door for $11.50 with tip.  The dining room is nothing fancy and the service is friendly and capable.  Lots of Boston sports mementos on the walls and Sports Center on the TV.  If you're in the neighborhood, you shouldn't be disappointed.  But don't expect a recreation of Woodman's in Essex.
2	Had a major craving for a loster roll and being from Connecticut, I am spoiled in terms of seafood. This place was a major let down however. It was one of the oddest dining experiences I've ever had. There were only two other tables in the restaurant yet it still took over 40min to prepare a lobser roll and a sampler platter(fried food). When the food arrived it was sub-par, the loster roll was luke-warm and didnt have that great taste I'm used to in my lobster rolls. The sampler platter was friend haddock, fries, hushpuppies, shrimp, etc. and tht too was sub-par. The "server" was extremly awkward and asked if we wanted "that red sauce" for the shrimp.....the word he was serching for is cocktail sauce. The whole experience was odd and below average. After we left, we felt like we had eaten a brick, not a nice feeling, espeically considering neither of us ate more than half of our meals. We definitly wont be visiting again.
1	Don't come if you have a restaurant.com certificate! !  They've decided they're not taking them anymore with some lame excuse of fraud which surprises me since they have to call for approval before each certificate.  Out here from Huntington beach and drove all the way from Vegas just to be turned down!  Whatever!  They could at least comp something for our trouble!
