4	Loved Edwina's! Takes Grill Cheese from comfort food to next next level!!! Great taste, portions, value and service. Amazing few kinks for a new small resto! Worth the visit and love supporting new local businesses! And that cheese donut desert? Thats insane! A winner!!!! I'll be back soon and with all my friends!!!!
3	As a self proclaimed grilled cheese lover, I was happy to see this quaint little restaurant close to home. I checked it out online to see if there were any other reviews, 1 glowing one by a reviewer with only one review, that one.... Hmmmmm....Anyway, I decided to give it a try to see for myself.All grilled cheeses are not made equal, I make an amazing grilled cheese, if I do say so myself:) so my standards are on the high side.My ideal grilled cheese, has bread that is buttered on both sides with REAL butter not margarine , the side that has the cheese, needs to also be grilled (many people only grill the outsides) lots of different cheeses (no Kraft singles).So back  to Edwina's, I step in on my way to go grocery shopping, the outside is cute and inviting, inside is clean and quaint.I'm greeted my Edwina, she is friendly and explains her menu.She mentions her Friday night events, 1$ grilled cheese with live music, starting at 8pm. She also gives me a coupon for buy one , your friend gets one of equal value free. All very nice:)I ordered a basic sandwich with 3 kinds of cheese, cheddar, Swiss and mozzarella, choice of white, brown, challah or rye bread. It comes with one free topping, ie: bacon, grilled onions, etc which I decline, she tells the cook to add more cheese to compensate.  Its served with a side of chips and coleslaw.About 5 minutes later my sandwich is ready. I head out to my car and sample my coleslaw. It is a tiny portion of purple and white cabbage, more oily then vinegar based, decent but not wowing me.Onto my reason for stopping in, my grilled cheese.  Overall, tasty, very cheesy but sadly, I'm not blown away. It is missing that buttery, melty quality. The outside is slightly crisp, margarine tasting, the inside bread is not crisp, the cheese not perfectly melted.I will try it again and see if things change since it has only been open 6 weeks.  The idea of a grilled cheese place is great and other cities have excelled at this. I think room for this type of casual, comfort food restaurant but for me, this isn't it.Pros: clean, inviting little place. Obvious attention to detai, lots of cheese in your sandwich.They also offer smoothies and soup.Cons: menu is on the short side in terms of cheese selection and speciality sandwiches, good food but not amazing in terms of memorability.
4	Good cheap place to take the kids if you're in a hurry. I like the Greek grilled cheese, which includes red peppers, spinach, and feta. Very good service so far.
4	I kept it simple since this was my first visit. Cheddar, bacon, tomato. Unfortunately I couldn't get white bread since they were out (?!) to maintain the simplicity, but the whole wheat was a fine substitute. Sandwich was very good, although $0.95 per bacon slice is a bit pricey, although it was a solid thick cut bacon. Previous comments about the perfect grilled cheese are correct in that it's ideal to grill both sides of the bread in a generous amount of butter, but even if they aren't doing it that way, the bread still came out crispy although the cheese was not as melted as one could wish for.It's fall, so I got the squash soup for dipping, and ended up using it for my chips, because the sandwich was more than flavorful enough on its own. Tasty soup, a bit light on spice if you like it that way. Decor is simple, family friendly, and the staff was pleasant. I didn't end up ordering the crazy sounding dessert grilled cheese donut in its various incarnations, but I'll be back to try the Oinka-Chocka (donut, grilled with sharp cheddar, with melted milk chocolate and bacon). Can you tell that I like bacon?Will return. So many options left to try!
