1	Sigh. I asked an employee to help me find hardware for curtains, and she pointed vaguely to a corner of the store and said, "If we have it, it's over there somewhere."After I found what I needed, I went back and asked another employee a question about the merchandise. She shrugged and looked at me blankly. I asked if there was anyone who could help me, and she heaved a tremendous sigh and called the first unhelpful young woman over. She wasn't able to answer my question, either, and concluded by saying, "We only make minimum wage, and no one trains us."That says everything you need to know about the lack of customer service.
4	Well I can't grade the staff we really didn't use them. There is so much cool stuff here from cooking toys to kids toys. We spent a good 45 min there and just poked around. Interesting creative and teaching crafts for kids that could enhance any B-day party.
5	Love this place!  I don't know what I would do without it.  I'm into just about every kind of craft and they have something for it all.
4	Stumbled upon this place while trying a find another store in the area.  Oh my-- HUGE smile on my face when i walked in!  This store is an upgraded Ben Franklin.  Picked up more scrapbook stuff to add to my collection.  Love the fabric section!  So much more prints to choose from vs the stores at home.  I will definitely go back to this store when I'm in vegas again.  Thank you to the lady behind the fabric counter who gave me coupons.
5	Yes! Thank you for having a wonderful staff at your fabric counter! I have run into so many pissy people who work at fabric counters, but the ladies at this Joann's were very, very helpful. My friend in Canada was in dire need of a certain fabric only carried in Joann stores in the U.S. and she needed me to get her 10 yards of this exact fabric. When I went to this Joann's I was terribly disappointed to see they only had 3 yards left on the only bolt they had. But Joann's employees to the rescue! The ladies here called the only other Joann's in Las Vegas and had them save me the rest of the fabric my friend needed.Besides this experience I have always had good experiences at this Joann's. It is clean and the employees are helpful. I find most of their prices to be reasonable. Although I wish they carried more products produced in the USA... but that is hard to come by these days.A+ service! Thank you! :)
4	We were in the area on saturday, so we stopped by. I was in the beading section, left back side, of the store while my husband went to the picture frames. The beads are arranged by color, not type or category (ie. natural, semi-precious, crystal, manmade). So, looking for beads took me a bit longer. The only exception to that, was all the wood beads (including synthetic plastic beads, that looked like wood beads) were in the same section, opposite side, but the same aisle. My husband wanted colored beads so I could mix it up (I make jewelry for him too). Nice place to get additional beads since the inventory is different from Michael's: Blue Moon, Darice. It was busy that day, but the line seemed to go by fast, since there were numerous cashiers (around five). The area to wait, was set up like a grocery store: there were dollar items along the aisle (mainly seasonal, st. patty's day stuff), as well as other items (trying to get you to buy more stuff). Generally, there's always good seasonal items here, just like Michael's. My husband always looks at this stuff, since we have an overabundant collection for Halloween and Christmas, but lack in the other holidays.
3	The worst thing that could of happened to a Diarist happened to me, a water spill scarred some of the written pages of my life on my diary. I just happened to be in the vicinity of JoAnne Fabrics and Crafts. Maybe they carry some write out solution to bring back some of the written pages of my life. As I leave JoAnne Fabrics and Crafts, the answer is a mystery. After several minutes, I gave up looking for a sales floor associate, and am on my way out. A few customers were commenting on the scarcity of sales floor help.  Also, the sketch pads that I use for my diary seemed higher priced.   I am being fair and giving JoAnne Fabrics and Crafts 3 stars. It is a powerhouse of fabrics and crafts. I cannot take away their vast selection.
4	I wouldn't consider myself a fan of Jo-Ann's because to be quite frank, craft stores freak me out. There is just so much stuff....everywhere. Mostly stuff that I am unfamiliar with which is where the panic starts to come in. However, I have rarely been let down when I come to Jo-Ann's as it is usually my last stop when I'm unable to find something I need for a particularly crafty project.Staff is decent. They're not the most helpful all the time, but the employees at the cutting counter which can be quite the crapshow on a busy day, have always been nice and friendly. They do their best to move that line as quick as possible, but you can't control it when someone goes up there with 80 different rolls of fabric they want pieces of.Besides craft...stuff...they have a pretty extensive selection of cake decorating materials, specialty baking pans and specialty baking tools and decorations. I'm not sure the prices are less expensive than those of Williams-Sonoma, but if you don't want to drive all the way out there, you have other options here.So if you're like me and get a certain type of I'm-turning-into-a-stepford-wife anxiety upon stepping into Jo-Ann's, just remember you will almost always be able to find the answer to your craft dilemma!
4	I've been to both JoAnn Etc. in the area, Rainbow is my typical store but I find myself here when I need to make a trip to Henderson for Hobby Lobby as well. This store is clean and well laid out, their fabric section is organized and straight to the point. I of course go in here primarily for fabrics and other sewing items, but I do also shop for craft items here and take advantage of their great sales and coupons.  Overall a decent store for any crafter.
5	I go here very frequently and would absolutely recommend it. They have a large selection of all things crafts. The prices are good and the service is too. One downfall is there is often a wait at the fabric cutting counter, but they have a good system and they call your number over the loud speaker in case you want to keep shopping while you wait! They also send out great coupons if you sign up for their mailing list or download their smartphone app. They also except all competitor coupons, so make sure you print some out from Michaels and Hobby Lobby before you go because you can combine them all to get a really great deal!
5	I wish we had a JoAnn's here in Hawaii.  We have only 1 craft store here that is not as good as JoAnn's.  Whenever I go to Las Vegas thats one store I always am sure to go to.  They have a wide variety of different craft selections.  Overall a crafters dream store.
2	I like the discounts they seem to have all the time and I like all the children's crafts but this place is very dirty.  I went on a Saturday around 11:00AM and the bathroom was disgusting.  There was no toliet paper, garbage overflowing on on the floor and there was no soap.  Normally a place like this you would think they would check the bathroom each other but who knows if they even clean this every day.  I did bring this to their attention when I checked out.
3	Fabric, fabric, fabric everywhere!If you're a crafter or a tailor, you already know about Jo-Ann's extensive fabric and craft supply selection, their weekly coupons, their price-matching, and their hours, so I won't go into that.  What I will go into is their customer service.  The employees at their cash register are super helpful and pleasant.  In particular, there is an older gentleman (I believe he is the store manager) who has been especially helpful and kind. The employees at the fabric cutting station are mostly great.  However, there was one individual who was unnecessarily unpleasant when asked to do her job of cutting fabric and answering questions about the fabric.  Seriously, there's no need for an employee to be exasperated at a customer when they have questions and there's no need to make said customer feel stupid.  Outside of that one employee, this store is great.
5	This review if for their framing department...  Fantastic service!! I stopped at JoAnn's 'competition' first to get an estimate (since I had a coupon) .  Yikes!  Poor customer service and high price. So I drove over to JoAnn's to see what they had to say.  I was greeted by Max. He was very knowledgeable and friendly! We went over the many options you can do with framing a football jersey.  From the outer frame to the matting around the jersey, he made this process very easy.  When it came time to the quote, I was pleasantly surprised by how much lower their cost were compared to the 'competition'.  :-)  Of course I left the jersey with them and they gave me an date that it should be finished.  So happy the completion date has arrived! It was finished the date is was promised. I love when things run on time!  Especially for a wall decor item for my husband...  it makes him happy too! I would recommend their framing expertise.  They were professional and punctual! Thanks Max!
3	This was my first time shopping for fabric, so my first time really in a Joann's.I found their "red" tag section, and I was confused on their pricing, whether or not the red tag was for the entire section of fabric, or if it was by yard. I went to the "cutting" section, where there were two ladies working... One wasn't doing anything.. and the other was helping one other customer...... there weren't any other customers around.... The lady not doing anything paged the next number. I didn't take a number, seeing as how I only had a question. She got very sassy with me when I told her that I didn't pull a number.I asked her the question about pricing, and she very rudely told me it was ALWAYS by the yard, as if I should have known better..... yikes. Sorry, I'm new to this....Never been to your store.No other employee acknowledged me, or asked me if I needed help. I found some silky fabric on sale and was able to get 2.5 yards for $7. WHen I went to have the fabric cut, there was no one else around... The mean lady was gone... and the other woman told me to not bother in taking a number.I was also able to get some Swarovski Crystals (100) for $8, instead of $10.The cashier didn't seem like he wanted to be there either.
4	This place is very big. A candy land of fabrics and crafts. I come here too much, I think I buy fabric more than I ever have time to sew. The pretty colors get me every time. They also carry rubber stamps which are my passion. Lots of scrapbooking, beading, knitting, cake making supplies. There are new teachers and kids crafts aisles. Always has a lot of holiday items, which isn't my thing but just an FYI. The only complaint I have is that the red tag fabrics and the remnants are hard to figure you out on the pricing. I actually have to ask them to ring things up in case I want them by price.  They should have some scanner on the wall to make it easier for everyone. And the people at the cutting table are touch and go , some are nice and helpful some are space shots and can't work at the same time as they talk non stop about their cats IQ test... :P  So if you are in a time crunch just stand in line there first. They do have a handicapped motor cart for anyone that needs one. The bathroom is way in the back of the store to the right.   This place also is very generous with the coupons so get on that mailing list!
3	My family always seems to have art projects going on from school stuff to Burning Man. So almost every weekend I'm in and out of several arts and crafts stores. Jo-Ann is on my supply list for: fabrics, sewing stuff, paper crafting, stamping, jewelry making supplies, and some holiday decorations. Pricing wise I feel Hobby Lobby beats them, but if you have the Jo-Ann app it can help with cutting costs. They also accept the Hobby Lobby app coupon so that gets you another item at 40% off.I've found some interesting things at Jo-Ann but I still think Hobby Lobby is better with more crafts selection, paints, etc. In short if you're into Fabrics and sewing you come here. Otherwise look elsewhere to get your creative fix.
2	Called the rainbow store to check on stock for tulle.  After 20 minutes found they didn't have enough of the color I was looking for.  I was told it was 4 yards for $3.  Checked the Henderson store and they did. So as soon as I got off work I went down.  They cut the tulle and that is when I found out it was actually $1.99 a yard.  Come to find out the sale had gone off at close yesterday.  Spoke with the manager and he said they couldn't honor what the other store told me and there was nothing they could do.  Despite the fact that I was buying 36 yards plus multiple other items. He told me I could try driving to the Rainbow store (30 min.), return it and see if the would honor the quoted price, but no guarantee.  Not the service I have come to expect from Joanne Fabrics.  Very disappointed.
2	I really wasn't too impressed. I walked around the entire store trying to find help and I couldn't. I mean talk about ghost town. I finally found someone who was helping someone else & I hate to interrupt when that happens but I didn't have a choice.After some of help, I found what I was looking for. The variety of choices here does not compare to other craft stores that I can go to. I wouldn't waste my time coming back.
5	The people there were friendly and accepted coupons from other stores. Made the Mrs happy so I'm happy.
1	The "cutters" at the cutting table where you get your material and ribbons cut up to purchase are slow as molasses! Makes you feel like you're in the post office. The wait is interminable and in the meantime with the long line adding up, the "cutters" move in slow motion and chit-chat like they have all the time in the world. Can they move any slower???Then after you get your item cut to your specification, you have to stand in YET ANOTHER LINE at the front of the store to pay for your item. Once again, the cashiers move like thickened molasses.So what am I saying here? I'm saying that the service here is very, very terrible and sluggish. When you come here, be prepared to spend a lot of time waiting in long, slowly-moving lines.UGH!
2	While it is gratifying to have more than two people working the cash registers, it is very discouraging to have the one I ask for a price on foam - by - the - yard tell me she was too busy to put the prices on the display.  Of the three displays, not one had pricing.This is a busy location with thousands of items.  It must be tedious to tend to displays.  However, if the details are left undone, it is difficult to support the store.
4	I love this store! I definitely find more here than at Micheal's! I don't know why there are so many negative reviews as far as customer service. I've never had bad customer service here! Everyone is always willing to help, I will say sometimes its hard to find an employee to get help, but once you do they are most willing to help! I love this store!
4	With limited fabric availability in Las Vegas, I recommend this JoAnn if Heddy's doesn't have what you need.... They are hardly ever busy and pretty stocked.New shipments come in on Thursdays and are usually processed within 24 hours.They worked really well with me when I needed some fabric transferred from an Arizona store.
4	I love this location. Friendly customer service and for the most part... I am able to get all that I need. My 1 stop shop. Now don't get me started on the coupons!!! They even accept Michaels and Hobby Lobby's too. What would have cost me $50 bucks has now cost me $20. You can't beat that at all. Also their class teacher for the Wilton bakery classes Deanna, is fantastic!
