5	A Jamba Juice with lunchtime options, the Amazon Cafe serves up smoothies with the best of them, and provides a small assortment of soups, sandwiches, and wraps to compliment their healthy drinks.Amazon serves up very tasty smoothies (with a huge selection for picky non-dairy drinkers or those who prefer coffee instead of juice in their smoothies) in a very timely manner.  Relatively popular around lunchtime, the wait has never an issue for me, as everything behind the counter moves like clockwork.  In addition, AC gives you boost lovers a free boost with every smoothie and the choice to add more.Their wraps are fairly priced (it's their smoothies that are expensive) and along with a smoothie, serve as a medium-sized lunch.  I found that the wraps (surprisingly) managed to hold their own - as far as flavor goes - against the marquee smoothies.  All wraps are also available on both flour and spinach tortillas (and with low-fat sauce options).AC might seem a tad expensive because of the smoothies, but a decently-sized lunch for under $8 isn't bad downtown, and it's probably the tastiest healthy alternative to the scads of fast food places you'll see on the walk there.
5	I love smoothies, so obviously,  I jumped on Amazon Cafe.  Well, now that I work in town, and literally, steps away, this place has become my "Friday lunch" treat.  The soup is good, I just hope I don't look too goofy walking around with a smoothie in the winter!!  Price is reasonable, line is long but not the wait!
4	I'm a big fan of the vegetarian chili.
4	I give this place a 4 because while they have a great (and tasty) selection of soups, sandwiches and wraps, they miss the mark on  the smoothies.  They put orange juice in almost everyone, so while I expect a raspberry flavored "Raspberry Rage" it usually takes like orange juice.  I have tried about 5-6 different flavors and most of them just taste like orange juice or whatever juice they use as their base.  I still get them, but Im always dissappointed.  Btw, IMO, the best smoothie is the Blue at Franktuary
4	great food here.  fresh taste to everything.  just slightly overpriced.  great smoothies.  the chicken Cesar wrap rocks.  i love to eat lunch here and grab a seat at the front window facing grant and people watch.  nice menu selection and their soups hit the spot on a cold day.
