5	We pulled up just after the store closed and were standing in the parking lot looking up another auto parts place when a guy named Bruce came out and apologized for being closed.  When we explained that we needed a battery for the Jeep and we were looking up another parts place to buy one, Bruce went inside and opened up the store e to sell us a battery.  Then to top it off, he got tools and helped us install it.Talk about customer service!
3	Heath Black is a stand up counter person but the manger leaves some to be desired. My truck broke down in Tempe and I needed some parts to get back on the road ( moving from CA to FL ) and Heath went out of his way to try and get what I needed but the manger just didn't seem to give a shit if I got what I needed or not.
2	I've always enjoyed NAPA. They seem to be trying hard to get folks in the front door with all the ads on TV these days. Sorry to say once you go to this location you don't feel welcomed. First I stopped in on a Sunday and the NAPA guy complained about having to work. The pace of their work is beyond slow. They did not have the parts I needed but he said he could have them there by the afternoon. When I stopped back and received the parts I noticed one of them did not look to be correct. The NAPA guy insisted it was the correct part. Well sure enough it was for the wrong transmission all together. I dropped of the part today and again they are soooo slowwww. I'm not sure how a business can run at that pace. I will not be back. There are so many options for parts these days.
2	A few years back, this was my go-to NAPA. One of the counter guys almost singlehandedly helped me keep my Jeep on the road, and on top of that they were the only store in the area with the most common air and oil filters *on the sales floor*. Great store, friendly people, and you didn't have to wait around for the parts desk if all you needed was a filter.I don't know what happened since then, but the new counter guy is Mayor of Surlytown and eeeverything's behind the counter again. So no matter what you need, you're waiting for Mr. Grumpy, and when he finally deigns to grunt in your direction, getting your parts is mind-blowingly slow.  Even having your order pulled ahead of time doesn't help.With parts stores nearly as plentiful as Starbuckses, I don't plan to be back unless they are literally the only place in the EV with a part I need immediately.
5	Dave is a nice guy and helped me find exactly what I needed and made sure I was satisfied before I left.  I recommend this shop to anyone looking for auto parts or accessories in Phoenix-Tempe.
