5	Friendly and Knowledgable staff picked up a few things for my computer the prices were cheap as hell. Also picked up a cool ass talking ted bear for my cousin and a crock pot for my mom. Great place to shop for gifts. I will definitely be back soon.
5	Infinite wholesale changed my life. I used to go store to store, driving around in the Vegas heat looking for the right merch. Now, I know right where to go. Infinite Wholesale in Chinatown is the one-stop, key-to-lock, hands down authority in general merchandise. Most stores out here in the Vegas valley offer you about as much as third round draft picks and bench players- an A move, a B move, and maybe a C move. Infinite Wholesale is the perennial All-Star with a showcase that can take you all the way to Z.
5	I bought some plumbing equipment from Infinite recently for a great price. Friendly and helpful staff, great location, diverse selection.
5	OMG, The place to go if you happen to need anything for your home!! Of course he has plenty of everything but my friend is redoing her bathrooms & kitchen, we have found sooo many things we need at prices that can't be beat!!!Wide range of items as well, a little of everything, SUPER friendly makes you want to go back!!!Great store for bargain hunters!!!! Thnxxxxx!!!!!!!
5	Great products and customer service and everything is priced 50% or more retail . I was able to save a lot on things I need to remodeling my home.  Highly recommended .
5	Just got a brand new cooker from this store for 50% off. Great business and great price. They also have plumbing stuffs, tools and lighting too. All are 30-60% off. I will check the store again next week. Recommend Tommy, he is friendly and offers great discount.
5	Great products and awesome prices! I bought things to remodel my home that would have cost me a fortune if I went somewhere else. Great customer service too!
5	Found some new and super cheap stuff for the bathroom that I am renovating!! Also found a door lock for a steal price!! Never going to home depot or lowes again!!
5	Wow, lots of products....got some great deals on home improvement items...highly recommend this place..owner also very friendly.
5	Found lots of items for my home at great prices. We were able to check and test everything before purchase and most of the things we bought were 50% off retail prices . A++++
5	Was remodeling my home and found lots of stuff cheap and this place was right off the strip .  Wow the prices are great and the customer service from the 2 guys that helped me was awesome.  They let me test and open the merchandise and gave everything I bought a 5 day exchange . They get new stuff all the time too!
5	Found this place from Google and stopped by to find some stuff cheap for my home remodel.  They had a beautiful sink and faucets that we ended up buying that was dirt cheap.  The faucets were new in box and it saved me around half the price of what it sold at Lowes or Home Depot. the Stainless steel sink was open box but brand new too and I saved $175 or so from that alone! the 2 guys there was very helpful  in finding exactly what I needed and they have lots off new stuff come in all the time which is perfect.  I will be back for sure.
5	Drove by this place on accident. Stopped in to check out their products. I must say, I was shocked!! This place reminds me of a mini Wal-mart. They had name brand products at "wholesale" pricing! Not only did they have great deals and unique products most big box stores don't have.  Their customer service was great!  I am sold. You will have a customer for life in me.
