4	Truly a hidden Thai treasure!This tiny place is nestled between a country bar and Chinese video store on the same corner as the "Get Serious" Gym.The lunch specials include an egg roll, rice and your selection; which for me is typically the beef panang.  PERFECT!  I used to work nearby and this restaurant was in heavy rotation for lunch.  I've never had a bad one here.The very orderly presentation of the food makes the portion size appear to be small, but it is just the right amount to leave you feeling satisfied but not overstuffed.  I've never gone away hungry.Please be patient with this tiny restaurant.  There has only ever been one server and one cook when I have been there.  The food will be worth the wait!
5	I had never eaten Thai food before, and I was taken here for dinner after helping a friend move all day on a Saturday.  It may have been that I was starving and was depleted of all my energy, but the food here was great!!The folks I was with swore up and down this place had some of the best Thai food in the Valley, so I let them do most of the ordering (I wanted to go the safe route via sweet and sour chicken, but they objected wholeheartedly).   We ordered a variety of items, (appetizers, soups, and main dishes) and shared between the 3 of us.  It did take a little while (even with us and only one other party seated), but I was told this is because all items are cooked fresh when you order.  The lady serving us was very friendly, even when my friend was giving me crap about ordering medium spicy and not hot .  It was all very good (If I attempted to spell some of the dishes I'd end up offending someone), I kept eating long after my stomach said "no more", since my taste buds were saying "keep going!!"  I will definitely be returning very soon!
3	My co-workers drag me here every couple of weeks.  Don't get me wrong, it's a nice place, nice owners, kind-of what you expect from a hole-in-the-wall place.  I'm just not a Thai type of guy, so I wouldn't necessarily suggest this place on my preferred list.  I usually go for lunch and get either Beef and Broccoli or Sweet and Sour Chicken.  Both of which are not really Thai food but pretty good, the food is always very hot (temperature) and I haven't had anything that I didn't like and my co-workers seem to think it's one of the best Thai places going.Just another comment on the location, it's in a scary shopping center and the place is pretty run down looking, as my co-workers say, don't come her after dark.
5	This is the best Thai food in the Valley! I love the papaya salad and the gang ka ree (chicken and potato in a delicious yellow curry). Save room for the homemade coconut ice cream!! Granted, this is not a white-table-cloth-put-your-napkin-on-your-lap-for-you-water-glass-never-empty kind of place... it's consistent. It has to be: there are only two ladies who run/operate the place. One who cooks and one who takes your order (she's great at offering menu suggestions too!). I like it spicy, but I order it "medium-hot, but closer to medium" The hot is REALLY hot... the kind where the outside of your lips burn and it feels like the enamel is being scorched off your teeth... some people like it like that though... Truly, this place is worth the trip!
1	It is the worst Thai food ever!  I got sick and vomited after a few bites of I don't what kind of chicken & vegetables entree they gave.  Yeah, it's cheap but the quality and expiration date? who knows.  I ended up in emergency, they told me I had food poisoning.  Bad experience!  I will not go there again unless I want to lose 10 pounds in a hurry.
4	Yum.  Darn good curries, they seem to be thicker and creamier that other Thai places here in town.   The green papaya salad was good, simple and just spicy enough, although when I've had it at other places they usually add shrimp to it.  No big deal.Talk about a shitty strip mall location, man, this place rivals Pizza a Metro for good food in a nasty location.  I suggest going to this place in the daytime, or pack some heat.
4	Why aren't more people eating here! The food here is great --by far the best Thai food I've had in the Valley.  It rivals the top-notch Thai food you can find almost everywhere in Seattle.  We had the yellow curry with chicken and it was absolutely delicious, creamy and spicy. The panang with beef was also good--way better than Malee's at Desert Ridge before they closed. We ordered both dishes with medium heat. I'm happy to say this was American medium, not Thai medium--so it was exactly the heat level we were expecting. Spot on. I'm a fan, although I have to say that if you're looking for ambiance with your meal, this isn't the place.  The staff is very nice but the interior could use a bit of rehab. Nothing fresh flooring and a coat of paint couldn't fix, however  We will definitely visit here again, albeit perhaps for take out.
5	This is the epitome of a hole in the wall and I love it.  I have had several dishes and each one of them were fantastic.  The papaya salad is one of my favorites and I am also a great fan of the Tom Yum Gai and Squid Salad.  The service is super friendly and the prices are reasonable.  I am afraid of the future of Siamese Kitchen because on my last visit they said they may close it down, which would be such a tragedy. I'll keep my fingers crossed.
4	This has become our "neighborhood" Thai place, although its not really in my hood - but totally worth the drive.  I normally get the pad see ew (sometimes known as Drunken Noodle).  It is very good as are their curries.  Everything tastes very authentic and thankfully not "Americanized".  We ordered their catfish last night which wasn't up to par - but nothing to get salty about.  They also have lunch specials that are well priced.
4	One Liner: Delicious food after getting a tatFood: (scale of 0-4) 3.2Apparently Phoenix isn't just about Mexican food. This thai place offers quite a few delicious soups and noodles. Even the fried rice was good. The restaurant is sandwiched between a tattoo parlor and a biker's bar. It may not be the most desirable area to be in, but the food is definitely rewarding. Be careful on the spicy or hotness scale. It can get pretty spicy.Extras: (Scale of 0-1)  0.5Service 0.1: Decor 0.1: Speed 0: Incredibly slow.....so think twice before doing lunch here if you have limited time Dessert 0.1: Prices 0.2:  My score for this experience is 3.7 stars.
5	I love this place.  Best Thai restaurant in Phoenix....even better than the Thai I have had since moving to the Bay Area a few years ago.  When we come back to the Valley...a trip to Siamese Kitchen is a must.I used to work close by and would eat lunch there frequently.  My wife would drive across town...I think she was more into the food than hanging out with me.  The food was always fresh, delicious and incredibly flavorful.  The prices are great, the quality is great and the two ladies who run the place are great.
5	Keep in mind - ***** - "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" - IN ARIZONABeing that my Thai grandmother's blood runs through my veins, and it's all I had growing up at home, I'd like to say that I'm a pretty credible Thai food yelper.  For the past MANY years, this is the only Thai restaurant that my parents will dine in. Their menu is pretty eclectic since they offer everything from stir-fried noodles, noodle soups, stir-fried meat/veggie dishes, and fried rice. I had the pad Thai the last time I went to pick up take-out about 3 weeks ago. It was WAY spicy, but I asked for it. Despite the streams of sweat that were rolling down my temples, the noodles were delicious! My other favorite dish here is the pad kee mao which translates into stir fried drunkard. This dish is best spicy as well. I highly recommend this place if you're in the area and love authentic Thai food.
1	This place is NOT good. It smelled inside and the food was by far the worst Thai I've ever had.We usually go to Taste of Thai, but when I saw this had more reviews and a higher rating, we decided to give it a try. What a mistake!!! The pad thai was gross, the spring rolls were disgusting, the green curry was ok but the tom ka ghai was horrible! Yelpers really let me down on this one! I think it is recently under new management, so maybe these reviews are out of date, so steer clear!
5	I still love this place and it maintains its rank as my favorite Thai place in the Valley. A couple of helpful notes I wish I could do a better job remembering: they open for lunch, close for a break and then re-open for dinner, so you may want to call first to make sure they'll be open when you get there, if it's not normal lunch or dinner time; and, they are closed on Sunday. The hospitality is genuine and unobtrusive. The Thai fried rice is really delicious -- Other than that, see my original review for more menu suggestions.
3	I will start off by saying I LOVE spicy food, but seriously! This was the spiciest Thai food I've ever eaten. It was too much and killed all of the flavor. I ended up throwing away my leftovers because it burned so bad. I still gave it 3 stars because I'm sure you can tell them to make it mild and it will be good.
5	My favorite neighborhood Thai food. Beef salad, satay, green curry, yum! Food is great. Just a small family place. One cook and one server. Nothing fancy. Don't come for the decor, come to eat.Country bar next door has live music at night, so you get a free concert through the wall.Friendly, authentic, genuine and great food.
4	I really should explore not-so-attractive strip malls more because some of them have hidden gems like this one. After you are seated by the gracious hostess, you will have the challenging task of choosing from so many tempting dishes listed in the menu. The food is VERY flavorful, the curries really rich (watch for the heat, though; even "mild" packs a respectable kick), and the prices are great! Four and a half stars, probably going up to five with future visits.
4	Who would have thought that such a hole-in-the-wall spot in a semi-suspect location would have such great food?  Luckily, my fellow yelpers pointed me in the right direction, since I never would have stumbled upon this gem on my own.Since I was dining with a group, I was able to sample a wide variety of items, and my stomach was so happy for the variety.  The many appetizers I tried were delicious.  I particularly enjoyed the papaya salad, Thai toast, and fried tofu bites.  For dinner, we had the veggie curry and pineapple fried rice.  Both were delicious, well-seasoned, and made perfect leftovers the next day.Despite the drive, this has moved into the top spot on my Thai take-out list.  Be sure to be patient if you come with a large group - there is only one server and one cook.  However, if you don't mind a leisurely pace (and perhaps refilling your own water), the food will make you smile!
4	I came to Siamese Kitchen with 19 other Yelpers and we plowed through much of the menu and overwhelmed the kitchen but they were gracious and didn't mind when I jumped in to help clear tables and keep the food moving.Wow, that was a run-on sentence.Overall the food was really good and the service was good as well.  They did have a hard time keeping up (as most restaurants would when 20 people order at once) but were good natured about some of us jumping in now and then to bus tables or refill water.I really enjoyed the Yellow curry although I would order it hotter next time.  Dottsy ordered her pad thai hot and the leftovers came home with me...too hot for most.All of the dishes I tried (7-8) were nice and flavorful.I will keep Siamese Kitchen in mind for lunch when I'm in the neighborhood, good stuff and good prices.
3	I attended a UYE here.  With about 20 people we overwhelmed the restaurant.  The company was great as was the food.  As a group we shared several appetizers and entrees and only the papaya salad was too hot for me.  The bulk of the dishes were ordered medium heat as that was what the majority felt we could handle and I did not taste a single dish I really did not like although I came out of there with some favorites I would order on my own.  I myself ordered Chicken Satay for an appetizer and duck in a red curry for my entree.  It is just the two women running the whole place.  I hope to get back again some time.
3	3.5 stars.This place is definitely outside my 5-mile radius.  In fact, only the idea of seeing some of my favorite Yelpers could entice me to make this hour-long drive from hell.  But if I do end up in a hell that requires me to do nothing but drive across town over and over again, I'm glad Siamese Kitchen is along the way.Very small restaurant with only 2 people running it made for understandably slow service, but they worked incredibly hard.  I did feel somewhat badly for anyone outside our group (well technically I was outside our group arriving so late) that picked that night to dine at SK.Now on to the food.  We shared spring rolls, chicken satay, and green curry.  The chicken satay was just okay.  The chicken was just chicken, and I thought the peanut sauce was lacking.  It wasn't rich enough for me, but neither is my husband, so I can't complain too much.  The spring rolls were nice and crisp.  The green curry was delicious.  Since I just like a little heat, I ordered it mild thankfully.  I guess that's true Thai mild, since it was more like medium.  But full of flavor!I would definitely recommend Siamese Kitchen if you find yourself nearby!
4	hotter than most.  they speak a little english here but nothing is lost in translation . great Tom KA Gahi spicy and sweet great stuff. prob the best panang in town
4	We stopped in with my parents last night after a Thai friend had recommended it to us. Even though it looked sketchy from outside and in, their food was excellent. The people were friendly, the food came promptly after ordering, and the service was attentive. The Pad Krapao Mu was spicy and delicious, the green curry was coconutty and blended perfectly, and the Pad Thai was.. interesting. Highly recommended, it's a gem!
4	I really need to bump up this rating.  I've been back several times, trying something different each time.  Sometimes medium spice nears my limit but all the food has been great.  Last time I was in it was pointed out they have a smaller portion lunch menu so I don't have to pig out in  the middle of the day.  The woman running the front end knows I don't take lemon in my iced tea.  I'll keep coming back.
3	Friendly service. We were the only customers so service was good. Food was good and cheap. left happy!
4	There aren't alot of great things about living in Gilbert, but working at the Metro Center...but Siamese Kitchen would be one of those things. I haven't explored the menu too much..I stick to my favorites; Red Curry & Phad Thai..both are delicious every time I order. For the demented crowd like myself,,,,get the food "thai hot"!!  It never fails...a few bites it and your mouth burns, you start to sweat, and your nose runs like a busted faucet..it's paradise!!
4	I really liked it. I had the Veggie Curry lunch special which was a super deal! The food is great and the prices are so cheap. Lunch special for $5.95, Wow! The server was so delightful. I'll be back. I can't believe I left without ordering my fav kind of coconut ice cream though. Oh well. That just means I have to go back. Warning- I like spicy and the Medium is very hot! Almost too hot so make sure you have an iron gut or are a spicy superstar if you are going to go hot. I believe part of the day was the lovely company. Great company plus good food makes my first New Year Yelp review Yelp-errific!
5	So my girlfriend and I are big thai food fans and we are from So-Cal. We came here because of the lunch special. We had better specials, but the quality of food was great! Portion was smaller than what we get but it was not unreasonable and the owner was super nice!It was really good, a nice hole in the wall place.
4	I came here alot when I use to work down the street! Great place and great food! Only thing bothers me is just they take forever to bring the meals. Oh and love there thai ice tea!
5	Best Thai food in Arizona! I love this place. Its the next best thing to actually being in Thailand! I love the pad siew, thom kha gai, and lard naa. The prices are low and the service is really nice too!
5	*UPDATE*The country bar next door is out of business so no more loud crappy music! Bonus!
4	The prices are about the same to other Thai food places in the area but the portions are, to me, noticeably smaller. The food is really good taste wise but I almost feel cheated with the portions. Great staff; the restaurant is small and old, so what?? Worth going but I would be going for lunch because of the price. Although, they do not serve soup with the lunch like most other Thai places either. Oh well, rather have a little bit of good food than a lot of gross food.
3	Let me preface this by saying that I could eat Thai food every day until I die without a single complaint. Favorite. This place was...fine. I went at lunch and ordered the pad thai to go and the yellow curry chicken. The meals come with an egg roll, but I couldn't eat more than one bite. It was so heavily fried that it literally dripped oil. Not my style. I tasted the pad thai, and it, too, was very oily. The flavor was fine, but a little bland, and there was not much in the way of chicken or shrimp. The portion was, as others have mentioned, noticeably smaller than most thai places...but a reasonable serving size none the less. So, the curry. I just...I can't even...ugh. It was so good. Thick and creamy curry, al dente carrots and peppers, and perfectly tender potatoes along with sliced white meat chicken. Guys, It was so good. I hate that the portion was so small--I typically expect to have leftovers for at least another meal. It was only $6 though so I certainly can't knock it. The overall experience was fine, the place was clean and the food took a long time to come out but that's worth it for the fresh food. I'm torn, because the curry is worth going back for but I'm not so confident on the rest of the menu.
5	My mom is from Thailand and whenever she doesn't feel like cooking, we come here for the authentic stuff.  The prices are reasonable, the food is always so good and the waitresses take care of us! Plus the country bar next door closed down so it's much more pleasant for dinner! Yay!
4	It's a small place with a large amount of flavor.  I've eaten here twice and loved it both times.  The soups are great and full of flavor.  Be careful when saying how hot you want it, I tried medium and it had some kick.
4	I had to lower one star because they've recently changed their recipes! They no longer have duck when we come in, and their curry recipe is completely different. It used to be my absolute favorite Thai place to go to, and now it's a good Thai place. The curry is still good, the food is still good, but it's no longer completely exceptional. We still go, and we still like it, but we really miss the old recipes!Best Thai food in town, hands down! My husband and I love Thai food, and while other places in the valley are good, NOTHING beats Siamese Kitchen. The curries are to die for, creamy, wonderfully flavorful, and deliciously spicy. If you want to take baby steps with the spice, ask for a side of chilli and fish sauce. This will add the spice without killing the flavor. The chicken  satay is the best I've ever had. Large pieces of peanut chicken, perfect sauces... we get this every time we come! The lunch specials are dirt cheap, very filling, and just as delicious as the dinner serving of each dish. Finally, get the coconut ice cream! When they have it, it's fantastic!
3	The yellow curry we got was very good and very spicy for being medium. We were happy with that. The service was very friendly. The Pad Thai however was the worst Pad Thai I have ever had. It had a very weird sickening sweet/sour taste. I hate to think of it, but I think something in it was rotten. I hope it doesn't taste like that normally. It also had HUGE pieces of green onion. I'm talking a 2 inch piece of green onion. It was weird. The worst thing about the place was the stupid hick bar next door. I feel so bad for the restaurant owners. It isnt their fault at all and i don't blame them for this.  It is just not fun to have your table shaking from awful country music during dinner. I wish they would start the Ho down after the restaurant closed.
5	The first time I have ever had Thai Food the server was great and friendly.
2	Short Story.Just edible and far from Best Thai but with very nice service.Long Story.Started with Fried Won tons. It was nice that they seemed free of grease and were seasoned nicely but they might have been slightly over cooked since the filling was very dry. It was a little disappointing but not a big deal.I ordered the Pad Gra Prao. Their spelling, it's spelled many ways but is spicy basil dish that is a very common Classic Thai Dish that is very simple to made as it's basically Fish sauce, garlic, usually Chicken, 1-2 bunches of Basil, Thai chili's and Oil. Better Thai Places do offer this dish Thai Style topped with a crispy fried egg.My dish lacked basil as it only had maybe two basil leaves in the dish so it didn't have any basil flavor. It was very high on the heat level but had a terribly strong jalapeno flavor to it. (See Photo - those are not bell peppers they are jalapenos! ) The next taste was sugar. This dish was very very sweet. Honestly it was so sweet it could be good on pancakes or ice cream. The dish might have had fish sauce in it but it wasn't enough and lacked that funk flavor that balances the flavors and makes the dish delicious. Lastly the chicken was on the dry side, still edible but dry.Many people do say this is one of the best Thai Places in town so I don't know if it was an off day or maybe I ordered the dish they do least well?2.5 stars
5	This is by far the best Thai restaurant outside of LA and Thailand (in my opinion). My whole family and I have been going here for over ten years. Their beef noodle soup, squid salad and beef salad are amazing. The service can be slow during the lunch rush but all of that can be overlooked when the food is this awesome!
4	We love this place.  It is a great neighborhood spot.  We always get take out because of our little one, who loves the chicken satay with peanut sauce.  I have tried a few different things but I always go back to the pad kee mao noodles.  They are so yummy and fresh, and I order the medium plus which is just spicy enough for me.  The staff is very friendly.  If I had one complaint it would be that the food is never ready in the time quoted, but it's always fresh so I really don't mind.
5	Keeping this short and sweet:  The food here tastes like the food you get in Thailand.  Authentic enough for you Phoenix?
5	We absolutely love this place!!! They make the best tom yum goong EVER! We used to eat here all the time when lived close and never had a bad experience. By far our favorite tai joint in AZ and we have tried several others. The pad tai is amazing as well!
4	I've been here twice now, and both times have been great. They actually make the food spicy when you ask for it and it tastes authentic. I've had the panang curry and the papaya salad, both of which have been fantastic. I can't wait to try their pad thai next time
5	A lovely little Thai restaurant.The food selection was great (most other Thai restaurants I go to have smaller, less varied menus), the service was immediate, the preparation and serving of the food was fairly quick (though not worryingly quick -- they definitely cook the food all the way through), and it just tastes great!I've had better Thai food elsewhere (outside of AZ), but this is hardly a bad choice at all - it's definitely one of the better Thai restaurants here.What made me give this place 5-stars was the service.Our server was very kind, friendly, understanding, personable, and accomodating.We enjoyed our food and talks so long that we stayed past the restaurant's closing time. We felt awful for realizing that too late, but we felt absolutely welcome at the same time: We were never once rushed or pushed or encouraged to leave. We felt like we could stay there for as long as we wanted, and they wouldn't mind. The kindness and friendliness still held by our server even after closing hours was extremely gladdening.If I lived in the area, this would definitely be a restaurant I'd frequent!Highly recommended!P.S. Their Thai Iced Tea is *definitely* good - a wonderful complement to their spicy foods (How I normally rate Thair restaurants is how well their thai iced tea goes with their spicy foods).
1	This place takes foreeeeeeeever to serve food!! Appetizer alone which we ordered as soon as we sat down took close to an hooooour! Then the main dishes? Another 20 mins?! Sad thing was, I came in with the family hungry, and craving some curry. Kinda lost our appetite by the time the food came..
5	I've been coming here since I was a kid I love everything on the menu such a great place.
