5	I just took a class here with Alison for the first time and loved it.  I've been wanting to try out Pilates for a long time after hearing such great things about it and now that I have, it's going to be one of my new routines for sure.  This place is small and intimate and so much more affordable than other places i've looked into.  The workout was tough, but not the kind of tough that you think your going to die or are questioning wether or not your going to get through it.  It is empowering and it feels great because you are testing yourself and finding new muscles you don't normally use.If you haven't tried Pilates and are apprehensive about it, i suggest you try this place for sure, i had a wonderful first experience and will keep you posted the more I go.
5	I have been going to Mira fitness for some time and should have written a review much sooner. I go to Miranda and this woman has gotten me into the best shape of my life.  Prior to coming here, I was working out 5 days a week, three days of cardio and two days of weight training.  I LOVE Pilates now and will not go back to my former routine.  I work out less and am getting better results. When I leave the studio I feel so energized and happy.  Pilates, period is a great workout, but I have to add, that my trainer, Miranda is also a huge part of my success.  She really knows what she's doing, and knows how to push me and keep me motivated while working out without being a drill Sargent.  However, if that's the type of motivation you need, I'm sure she'd have no problem getting tough with you lol.  The prices are also very reasonable when you compare them to other studios and the studio is beautiful.  There is also no attitude in her studio. I visited several studios before choosing this one.  I was made to feel in other places that I should be lucky to be in their presence. I know this is Scottsdale, but as a client you should never be subject to the pretentious attitudes that I was running into.  Everyone at Mira fitness makes you feel welcome. I would recommend Mira fitness to everyone wanting a great workout, with an experienced trainer. They are extremely affordable and know what they are doing.  Give them a try and I know you will be writing your own 5 star review!!
5	Great experience! My trainer Miranda was amazing she was so patient with me and really helped me with my framework! Thank you so much! See you at our next session! Can't wait!
5	I have been going to Mira Pilates for a year and a half. I started to go after a surgery from a car accident. Miranda helped me gain mobility, strength, and confidence. The studio is intimate and inviting. I always look forward to my sessions and feel great about myself! I have recommended Mira Pilates to many of my friends and will continue to do so! Pilates has helped me get my life back and Miranda is a huge part that!!!
5	Ok. I'm 43 and my body has NEVER looked better. My ass wants to know "what's gravity?" Enough said. Thanks Miranda!!
5	I've been training with Miranda for about a year. She tailors my workout for me, pushes me to do more than I think I can do, and the results are awesome. Plus she gets up at the crack of dawn to accommodate my schedule.
5	Woke up feeling amazingly sore today, why I say amazing is because I know I'm on my way to a stronger, sexier body thanks to Mira at Mira Pilates!! Summers a few months away and I've reached my goals while going regularly to Mira before, I just fell off track for a bit. But Mira will get me back on track with fast results so I'm glad to be back!!
1	This review is for people like me - who might need extra care when going back into a fitness regime.  I have a chronic disability that restricts my activity and certain positions in my work out.  I clearly expressed my situation to the pilates instructor.  She did very little to help me modify any positions in the routine - and was pretty rude to me.   The workout didn't suit me at all.  Even trying to scale back what we were doing, I ended up very ill from it. This place is more suited to the person familiar with Pilates and at a certain baseline fitness level.  If you have any difficulties or need accommodations this is NOT the place to go.  The instructor was used to just barking directions while doing other things around the room - not engaged in the wellness of students. I have since found some yoga and tai chi classes that meet my needs and the instructors actually pay attention to the physicality of the people in their course.  The people that have reviewed here other than me clearly had either a different instructor or have different standards for "customization".
1	"Not a cadillac place"I see there is an online deal for this place. I was tempted to purchase that deal because this studio is so close to my home. Then I remembered how I emailed the studio a few months ago to set up sessions. I received one email from the owner but the conversation ended there - Mira Pilates didn't respond to any of my follow-up questions seeking specific dates and times. I was even willing/wishing to pay for private or semi-private sessions! They lost my business then and I can't bring myself to try again, even with the seemingly good online deal. Beware.
1	Out of 4 private sessions scheduled, Miranda was a no show twice and 20 minutes late another time. When I asked for a refund, it was refused. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
3	I was fairly new to Pilates when I stared coming here a couple months ago. I purchased a 20 class deal online because there are a variety of class types and times to choose from. They have the reformers and chairs, along with the usual Pilates accessories. After doing a number of classes with different instructors, my favorite class was the mat class with Paige. Paige is great and full of energy. She is motivating and makes class fun and allows enough time to stretch at the end... Which didn't always happen with other instructors.  =/  I met both of the partners/owners during the months I took classes here, and unfortunately always got the feeling that leading pilates was a burden for them.  Too bad.  Its in a great location, they have all the necessary equipment, but I don't think this place exudes much of a welcoming feeling to clients.
1	Miranda has been screening my text messages and calls for weeks now regarding a refund for the living social deal that was never used. I have never been in contact with someone so unprofessional. Do not go here, she will rip you off.I imagine the only reason this place is still even open is because she manages to take people's money through her group on and living socials and not providing actual services.
1	I should have read the reviews before booking a pilates session - my advice to you is DON"T.  I booked a private session in advance of moving to Scottsdale and Mira was a no-show.  There was no notification, however, my credit card was charged the full $70 for a private session (which I am in the process of disputing). I should have known that this was not a place I wanted to go when she took my phone call but said she could not talk right now because she was with a client and she would call back within one hour.  A professional trainer does not not take calls when they are teaching or with a client.  Second clue should have been that not only did she not call back within the hour as promised - she never called back at all - just "accepted" my privately booked session through the online scheduler.  I have had such good experiences with Pilates studios in California and Connecticut - it just never occured to me that someone would simply take my money and not show up.  When I showed up for my private session - the door was locked and most of the equipment was gone - the "studio" was just an empty shell.  Don't get ripped off by Mira Pilates.
5	I am constantly amazed at how relaxed I am after these very difficult workouts. After a few short weeks, I'm feeling so strong! Kea and Miranda are knowledgable, intuitive, and inventive.
5	I have been going to Mira Pilates for 9 months now.  I started with a groupon and was instantly HOOKED.  Not only do you get an awesome workout but the class size is small so you get the individualized attention.  Miranda (the owner), Kea and Garry are all great instructors with their own unique teaching style. I love taking all of their classes. I have to say that I am shocked by these negative reviews.  From the very beginning, Miranda has always replied to my emails, calls and texts.   I can recall class actually being cancelled twice. Both times, Miranda sent EVERYONE an email to apologize and refunded our class. I have a hard time believing these other reviewers that state Miranda wouldn't refund money or not return calls.  It's just not true.
5	Mira Pilates is a hidden Gem in Old town Scottsdale.  Master Pilates Trainer Miranda has not only became a great friend of mine, she has helped me find  my confidence and restore health and balance back into my life!! I've been a Hairstylist for over 13yrs and about the 10th year I started to notice the range of motion in my rotator-cup was becoming limited because of frozen shoulder. She helped rehabilitate my shoulders/rotator-cup issue as well as get me back into shape! I've recently did her 60day challenge and lost 17lbs, getting ready to do another 30days to loose a few more LB's or at least make it a habit to do pilates religiously!! Couldn't be Happier with the results and shared Knowledge about well~being I receive from Miranda and her Studio!!  Mia
