5	We were lucky enough to receive a VIP invitation for today's grand opening! We did a lot in the three hours we were there, when you walk in it makes you feel like you are in one of the Las Vegas Casinos. Even though they claim to be a family theme bowling alley. To me it's more of a young adult theme event. But there is nothing wrong with that. To much to tell you about this place. You must pay a visit or get on there web site for more info. I felt like a kid again, playing in the arcade for a couple of hrs. Food is really good at their restaurant, especially their boom boom shrimp!! Awesome!! Again, a must visit at least once so you can see how it is.
4	I love this new spot in Surprise. It's great for families during the hot summer days! Surprise really needed something fun for kids and families. For the 21 plus crowd - the private VIP area called The Approach has a full bar and 10 lanes of private bowling. I'm thinking about renting this room out for my next birthday party!The place gets crowded, so call and make a reservation. I tried the food, and it's much more than typical bowling alley food. They have pizza, salads, wings, everything! Their cocktail list is also robust. Go during happy hour to get discounts on appetizers and drinks. YUM!2 thumbs up!
4	Rating the Restuarant at the Uptown Alley only. Went there during midday, about 2 pm. Service was very good. Drinks were filled quickly. Servers were very friendly. Appetizer came out with the meal, but both tasted delicious. My main reason for dropping a star was for the quantity of food compared to the price. $16-18 a plate and not a lot was delivered. We ordered the dinner salads and chips and guacamole. The quality of the food was excellent. Overall I'd say you are paying for what amounts to servings half of what you could get at a place like Red Robin or Chili's. The atmosphere and service are excellent.
2	I've been waiting for something like this to come to surprise and was real excited to take the family and friends there when it opened.  Went a few days before the actual grand opening and had a good time, but my mood instantly changed when I went out to get something in my truck and came inside to a "bouncer" telling me they were at capacity.  When i told him i had family in there he made me seem like a liar, and he wanted me to call my girlfriend to come to the front just so I could go back in, not a good way to start your business.  So I thought what the heck lets try it again another weekend, so last weekend I went with some other family to show them how nice it was, I mean they have TV's everywhere an awesome arcade, and even have a 21 and older section for after 8pm that has its own lanes, bar, pool table and DJ booth for the weekends, and it doesn't cost any extra which is kind of cool.  First thing when we walked through the door was another "bouncer" telling me they were at capacity and they had a 2 hour wait, when clearly i could see from the door there was open seating EVERYWHERE and there were many open lanes.  After about 15 mins of waiting in line I asked the lady if I could use the restroom, she told me I could go next door to the movie theatre and use there's because she didn't trust me that I would come back from theirs.  AWESOME SERVICE!!! (sarcastically speaking)! I would give this place more stars but the service and people are terrible!! The food was good and bowling was a little overpriced but your paying for luxury pretty much.  If they wanna stay in business they need to work on their customer service...ALOT... maybe start by getting rid of the stupid "were at capacity" thing when your not even close to it! I'll probably wait a while before I go back
4	Its a cool place to go, especially due to its location. Not much else going on in surprise, so this place will thrive. The place is spacious, with lots of bars, and places to sit. The arcade section is kind of small...btu hey, there's an arcade section! You can also play laser tag...pretty cool. They have a lounge section which is nice, but when we sat down at the couch section, no one came to take our order. It was the same in the adult lounge/bowling alley. Plenty of places to sit, plenty of employees walking around yet no one to take a drink order. To bowl in the adult section is pricey...i think it was approx 30 bucks. All in all, a nice place to go if you live in suprise.
4	When i first walked into uptown alley I was impressed, there was a good vibe and everything was colorful. Other than the fact that it was a Friday evening and it was packed there is plenty of to keep your self occupied. There is a bar and grill, a arcade, a 2 story lazer tag and obviouslly the bowling alley. My son did the laser tag and loved it, it was cheap and fun, wether it was you and 3 friends or 20 people you don't know it's fun. The food at the grill was ok, not the best food ever but it's just a reastraunt in a bowling alley. The arcade games are cool, there are lots of games I haven't seen before and touch screen games, I was impresses. Finally the lanes, they are new aged modern lanes and those ball return things with new. Screens and everything. There is also a area for adults only that has bowling and pool. All in all I give the bowling alley a 4/5 and I will probably be going back.
4	Red Embers has some great burgers! I added bacon to mine and they definitely gave me a hearty portion. The burger was super juicy too! The food took a while to come out, so try to patient... Deliciousness is on the way ;)
5	Great place for families with kids and a private 21+ area! So if you dont want to be around kids or teens you can go to the back area. Perfect hang out spot and family fun day. Kids bowl free on Mondays.Food is good, service was great, this is by far the best bowling alley I have been to. We will be here often.
3	We bowled here early Saturday afternoon. No problem getting a lane, but when we left, the line was almost out the door. When we arrived, there was a line and only one cashier, you would think on a Saturday that they would have more staff at the register and less at the shoe return counter. The drinks were a little pricey, but it was a fun place especially when this is one of the very few attractions out in Surprise.
5	OK this is good as entertainment gets in Surprise...Which is not a bad thing....Compared to Lucky Strike this place is HUGE!  Plenty of lanes, plenty of food/drink areas.....Has a 21 and older bar that has a dance floor, DJ, and darker lighting?  A club inside a bowling alley?  Yes finally a bar/club scene in Surprise, hidden inside this bowling alley.  Don't forget laser tag, video game area, and I almost  forgot the regular bowling area also....Huge screens on the wall, great music, and even private eating areas if you want to have a company gathering here..Here's my one wish?  Play music videos in the over 21 area with the dance floor area??  I can watch baseball, etc. on the 5 million other screens here....The food was great also....I had medium rare beef on my pizza, prime rib sliders, and calamari with my 22 oz beer....Good prices on food and drinks.....Check out happy hour!!!! Gather up your friends and appetite and enjoy this new attraction in Surprise.  This should be a very popular West Valley hangout before long.
4	There are different areas & each area has a different vibe... Try the tiramisu martini... Ah-Mazing!
1	Alright, I've waited until I settled down before I wrote this.  It's about a new establishment that opened in Surprise, Uptown Alley.  My wife and I used to be in several bowling leagues and sponsored several teams.  Then, we moved to Surprise.  I was excited when I heard about a bowling alley opening in Surprise.My daughter was celebrating her 32nd birthday.  We thought what a wonderful way to check out this new place.  First, dinner at the RED EMBERS with a few cocktails, opening presents with a few more cocktails, a birthday cake and a few more cocktails, followed by a few lines of bowling for the entire family (Party of 8), and possibly having in a few more cocktails.  This ain't gonna be no cheap date.To make things easier, and to add an element of surprise, we decided to take the custom birthday cake we had made to the restaurant where we were to have dinner.  That way, they could serve it for dessert, surprise my daughter and really embarrass her with "HAPPY BIRTHDAY".  We have done this several times, at many restaurants.  My wife takes the cake to the restaurant and is told they can't accept it.  After a brief conversation, she returns home, and not very happy.I call the restaurant, ask for the manager, and engage in a very long conversation.  I explain we're neighbors, this is our first experience with their place, it's my daughter's birthday, etc.  She blames County regulations for this decision.  I inform her that every other establishment we have gone to with this has gladly accepted and served.  She stands on her denial, based on County regs.  I inform her that my wife has several years in Food and Beverage management, including many years at Arrowhead Country Club, and that no regulation exists.  She stands firm.Not to upset the daughters, my wife and I continue as planned.  The food was okay.  Mark, our server was good.  I believe, as an attempt to pacify, our server comped a birthday brownie after dinner.  Too little, too late.As for the bowling experience, again so-so.  Too dark and too noisy.  Ghetto boys in the lane next to us did not enhance the experience.  We had our Grandchildren there and the language and actions from our neighbors was deplorable.Thanks for ruining a special day for our family!!!!!!!!
4	Im so glad this place opened up so close to my house! It has bowling, lazer tag, a good arcade, pool, darts and more. Its a super fun place. Its pretty clean, very modern and just a nice place to chill and relax. Cons- Need more pool tables. The dont allow inside food or drinks in which is SUPER annoying.The polices are just to strick. But overall i think uptown alley is an awesome place for anyone. Im so glad it came to surprise :)
2	I was excited to finally see a family place in Surprise besides the movie theatre.  We went with our family of 5 and ended up spending $100 for two games (with shoe rental) and lunch.  I was expecting bowling-alley food and to be fair it was quite tasty, although the calamari I ordered was raw in the middle and I had to send it back.  But the prices are the real problem.  An order of chili fries is a cool 6 bucks, a beer is $5, a plate of sliders is $10.  In and of itself not a big deal, but when you add the steep prices all together for a family it's just not worth it.  I would rather drive to Glendale and get the same fries for $3 with a good pitcher of beer and have a ball bowling without having to watch what I order for the sake of prices.  We were looking for a family-friendly hangout and found a swanky, three-bar sprawling palace.  If your family has unlimited means, this might be the place for you.  For us, it will be a one-time thing.
5	Happy hour update: 3-7p.m. monday through friday.  $2 domestic draft, budlight...etc.$2 well drinks, whiskey and coke for example.  Half off appetizers, had the sliders and blue cheese and steak pizza.  Very inexpensive and great food and drinks.  We did have the pizza sent back, it was burnt on the bottom.  To correct this they gave it to us free of charge.  Still a great place for drinks and food in Surprise :)
4	I'll give it 4 mainly because it provides a fun place for both kids and adults in Surprise that has been sorely needed.  Went with my 7 & 9 year olds today.   We didn't get to do "everything" there because it gets pricey really fast.  That would be my chief complaint, but again, it's the only game in town like this and I am sure the owners know that.Bowling - was great fun, excellent waitress service right at your lane where you can order food and eat it there.  $4 per person for each game, no discounts for kids (major dislike on that), $3.50 per person for shoes.  Laser tag is $7 per person on weekends and $5 during the week.  So another $21 for the three of us on top of the $22.50 for bowling.Arcade is fairly small and you buy tokens that are on a credit card type thing the kids swipe in each game.  It amounts to each game being between $1-$2.50 to play.  This is really price compared to other places like this, and as someone else mentioned the "prizes" at the end of the rainbow with the tickets you get out of the games take way to many and does disappoint.The restaurant when you come in looks great for watching games.  There is a HUGE screen on one end - we did not eat in there so I can't say much else on it so far.  Same with the over 21 area, although it does look fun and I hope to go back without the kids in the evening sometime.For some reason there were two uniformed Surprise police officers standing guard in a couple different places inside.  This was odd in my opinion given the clientele on a Sunday afternoon in this area.Overall we'll be back as a family and I intend to check it out during grown ups time as well.   Just hope the prices don't turn it into a place you have to save up to go as opposed to a casual neighborhood spot to go on any given weekend.
4	My husband and I and another couple have attended Uptown Alley a few times now over the last few weeks.  We have never actually bowled or tried any of the other activities accept for eating and drinking, so I can only speak to that.  The happy hour is a really good deal.  During happy hour you can get appetizers for half price.  We always order the steak and blue cheese flatbread.  I always ask for it to be medium rare so that the steak will at least come out medium.  I have also had the BBQ pulled pork sliders and the BBQ wings.  I'll order those again!  You can get a well drink for about $2 and change.  Even when the drinks are full price they aren't bad.They have a 21 and over area which is nice.
3	OK, So I have been here 5 times in the last week and a half so I have an update.Service can improve here.  I did have different customer service from everyone wanting to help to asking several employees to take my order.  I do enjoy going here, but after seeing the vast variance in customer service I hope everyone that goes here gets the great service all the time.  Great service was when everyone asked if we needed anything, checking back with us throughout are meal, etc.  Different employees, even management checking in and making sure we are enjoying our food and drinks.  When someone gets the poor service I got I would assume they would not come back here.  I noted 10 minutes before I had to get up and ask for someone to take my order.  I then had to wait another 10 minutes before someone actually helping my group of 6 customers.  It was busy, but I think just acknowledgment makes a difference.  So between those 2 extremes I hope Uptown Alley can manage a consistant level of customer service.  I did watch several groups of people walk out of the open seating area once they were at that waiting threshold.  Once they noticed no one was going to take their orders they left, loss of business and maybe future business?I really want Uptown Alley to do well since it is my neighborhood bar, restaurant, entertainment location.  If you visit uptown Alley please ask for someone to take your order if you are sitting for a while with no help.  The food and drinks are good so please try them before leaving.Hopefully you come when service is excellent and everyone is asking you how your food and drinks are :)
1	-Food:  Awful.  There is nothing positive about the food.-Service: Problematic.  Waiter not very knowledgeable of activity wait times and his food suggestions were lousy.  The wait to get someones attention just to put my name on a list for bowling was ridiculous.  Not sure who was running the front counter.-Bowling: 3 hour wait.  Found another bowling alley in the West Valley.I was incredibly disappointed with my first experience at Uptown Alley.  I might try again in a year or two...maybe for my kid's birthday.  Having the bowling wait time posted or, at least, let the waiting staff know so they can encourage the diners to put their name on a list would have been helpful.  Our waiter had no clue about the wait time.  Hopefully their problems can be sorted out.
4	This place is like a dave and busters on steroids, like a costco size building but has a bowling alley, restaurant, VIP bowling area with pool tables, they have nice furniture, HUGE tvs, good background music half the time.  One time I came in and they were playing stupid 80s music.I've been here 3 times now and every experience with the food has been very good.  Their appetizers are half off in the afternoons and considering the taste/cost ratio during happy hour you can't beat it. However, I wouldn't ever pay full price for their appetizers. The beer is half off too, you can't beat a pint of beer on tap for $2 with some excellent wings. This is the best thing that happened to surprise since Buffalo wild wings shut its doors. This place would be great for a work party or birthday party.This place puts AMF and brunswick bowling alleys to shame. This is the only place to go to for fun in surprise, you'd have to go further beyond surprise to do some clubbing/bar scene. This isn't the place for that. It gets 4 starts because they lack something hugely fundamental. They have a descent range of drinks to choose from, nice furniture, but did not seclude the adult bar/vip room enough away from the kids. the adult bar area is very small but nice and is open with kids running and screaming by. The vip room has djs and music/sometimes even live music which is okay.The bottom line: Overall, if you're looking for a friday night to chill with your bros or your girlfriends, and looking to do something different go for the appetizers half off before 7, and drinks are half off too this is a great place to hangout, if you're looking to do something entertaining and not in the mood for going to a full on bar.
2	I regularly bowl in Sun City West but our lanes are closed for maintenance so I decided to check out Uptown Bowl. Big mistake to try and practice on a weekend. First, it was very crowded so I went into the lounge area (21+) and there were lanes available. Very nice for a party but not a good way to get your practice in. Lanes are dark so hard to see your mark and the screen reflect on the lane. But in was very nice in there. Great place for a date night! Drink was tasty but a little over-priced.The regular lanes looked good but, again, the reflection from the big screens could mess up your bowling. Looks like a great place for families. Not sure what the crowd would be like during the weekday. All in all, didn't love it nor was it a bad experience. Next weekend I will get my practice in at a more traditional bowling center.
4	Will update accordingly, but we did NOT bowl since their hours are very short compared to all other bowling alley's normal hours on weekends should be 9am-2am and weekdays one hour earlier is fine but 1am is horrible it's bad that we went for our first time and it was already closing but we only went in for a drink 8.50 for a daiquiri and a pint is 5.00 it's just beer....so being there for only 30 minutes we paid 22.10 before tip for 3 drinks..... ridiculous! It should have been around 5 for drinks and 3 for beer thats reasonable but I'm only judging by the drinks since were looking for a new bar in town......so far not a big deal going sat to bowl but may just go to Peoria lanes....guess well see.
4	Been to Uptown Alley about half a dozen times so far.  Several times meeting up with a small group of friends, and a couple times on a date night with my husband.  WELL...cannot speak on the bowling alley part since we haven't been able to get into a lane due to the wait times.  But on the upside, we were able to get some good food and enjoy the company.  Highly recommend this as more of a "grown up" place to hang out if you want to eat too....there are LOTS of people there on any given night and food choices can get expensive (in addition to shelling out for video games) for kids (ours are 19, 15, 14 and 9).  Our favorite night to go is Thursday nights.  From 1500 (3 pm) until 11 they have HALF-PRICED appetizers and $2 domestic drafts.  My husband and I stopped in twice on thursday nights and had amazing service, not as busy as "usual" and we ordered (3) of their tasty appetizers and a couple beers a piece.  It came out to $26...WOW!  THe food was hot, fast and fresh.  Bartender (Claudia) was very friendly and attentive.  We watched pre-season game on their wall of tvs and had a really nice date night (within a tight budget this is awesome!)  NOTE: Thursday night is also Karaoke night which is cool if that's what you're there for, but you can hear the singing (howling in some cases) in the entire building so it kinda put a damper on trying to watch the game and catch whatever Olympics events we could see.....BUT we did hav a blast overall and it didn't dent the wallet! lolOnly negatives I see at this point are: limited and expensive food options for kids, forever waiting line for bowling (a bummer if that's what you came there for)---will have to update when I take the kids in for video games and paintball.....Overall, a great place to hangout with friends or honey for a drink and a quick meal.....WE plan on being regulars (on thursdays)....especially after checking out a movie on date night!
1	This place seemed like the perfect place to have a good time and get some food. The facilities here are not to bad (bowling, laser tag, games) bit the restaurant is terrible. Where do I start...Our waiter I am pretty sure was under the influence of some form of stimulant (meth is my prediction). He was acting all kinds of crazy and saying weird things. It took thirty minutes to get a glass of water, fifteen minutes to get our alcoholic beverages. The mixed drinks were not good at all and all the draft beers tasted the same. I seriously could not tell the difference between Coors Light and Miller Light, so I dont know what they were pushing through those taps. Now the food...The food was very bland and plain. Very overpriced. Our meals took forever to get to us and they only brought half or meals. We had to ask for the rest. We also had to ask for the check, and then it took forever as our waiter was chatting it up with his friends standing outside the restaurant. Seriously? He also offered the police officer working there a beer that he was holding and then started laughing at his own joke. The cop didn't find it funny, neither did I as I could not wait to get out of there. I will not be back.
4	Its crazy to rate this place just on "Uptown Alley" because there are so many different aspects to this amazing place! :) 1. Bowling Alley: Love it! They have an "Adult: section to bowl in with its own bar that you can also rent out for parties. Its amazing. Also have bowled in the big lanes and have always had a blast. All the staff is very friendly and service is good except the drink and food service was a bit slow. 2. Red Embers: Really liked the place. Outside seating with some nice fireplaces for ambience. Inside is noisy no matter where you sit because its right across from the kids arcade. Food was decent, service was good but we were sitting at the bar.3 Lazer Tag: Its lazer tag! It has an upstairs and downstairs. Lots of kids and also adults playing. Awesome thing about the lazer tag is if you get hit your not out! It takes about a minute before your gun and vest recharge and you get to keep playing. They have teams . Red and blue. On your lazer gun is your "team name". Mine was Falcon.. after the time is up you can look on the big screen outside for your "team" name and see how good you did against everybody that was in the game. also see if red or blue team won. We had a blast!4. Arcade: Pretty good selection of games. Kind of reminds me of what they have at Peter Piper.5. Karoke: Seems like everytime Im there they have Karaoke or some kind of band. It happens right in the midst of everything! Its like this little stage that overlooks the bowling lanes, arcade and one of the bars.. lol.. Ya, Its pretty entertainingAll in all I love this place. They do have security everywhere but they have always been super cool. Always have a great time here whatever we are doing.
5	Great place to hangout, especially with large groups. Laser tag, arcade, bowling, 3 full bars, VIP section, lounge, sports area with huge screens, and a pretty good restaurant. We seriously needed something like this in Surprise. I only with they were open later during the week.
4	We have been there a few times. We love that there is so much to do in one spot. A great place to meet friends and hang out. The only issue I have is that it closes so early on the weekends. We would've loved to have a full adult night out. We have yet to experience everything this place has to offer but we had fun in the adult section and plan to use it for our birthday next year!
2	Our group recently held a bowling tournament at Uptown Alley in the hopes of not just raising funds for scholarships for students in our district, but also to spread some community spirit by supporting a new(er) local business. This review is based on our entire experience.First of all, Uptown Alley does not really give you any breaks for a group event--not even if you are 501(c)(3) or raising funds for a good cause which they knew was our purpose. They charged us $2 each for shoes and  $15/hr per lane (we had 20 lanes reserved). So essentially, we would have to raise at least $1000 just to break even. We were told they would open up early for us at 8AM but we had to be out by 10AM when they opened. Come to find out they already open at 8AM on Saturdays so they weren't doing us any big favors. They wouldn't help us advertise our event in their facility even though it would have helped draw people to their business. They offered us no freebies to our participants to encourage them to come back. Our group has over 2000 members in the local community that we could market Uptown Alley to and support as a local business but nope...they weren't interested in that at all. We weren't allowed to bring in donuts, juice, coffee or any food related items for our participants even though it was supposedly before they opened for business. We had to order from their restaurant with the sampling of breakfasty type items they had. Essentially, we were made to feel like they were REALLY going out of their way and doing us a favor by even allowing us to have our event there at all. If we weren't so set on trying to support a local business, we really would have gone somewhere else but our group really does make an effort to keep it local whenever possible. The day of our event went off without a hitch. The staff was polite, courteous, helpful, kind and considerate. This definitely made up for the way we were treated in arranging this event. The bowling was fun with plenty of space, broad shoe selection, decent food, and drinks. The service was a bit slow considering they knew we had a group coming. There was 1 server for all of us and we were the only people in the place...which did open at 8AM per the sign on the door and their website! And he didn't really come back to check on us so my lane's guests only had 1 drink and that was it. The food was alright though and was definitely not what you would expect from bowling alley cuisine. Our group had fun though...but I think it's because it was a fun activity. I mean who doesn't enjoy BOWLING?As I've understood it in my efforts to market this event, Uptown Alley isn't very community friendly at all. Our district's special education classes don't even go here because they won't give them a break on price! They go to Peoria to AMF! I'm sorry but if you can't support Special Olympics or SPED and give those kids a break, that's just not saying much about your business's philosophy.So, although I'd like to say I'd go back to Uptown Alley because they are a local business and its important to support local businesses, it  might be solely as an independent person but not as part of my 501(c)(3) group.  I'm inclined to pass on group efforts since I believe that local businesses should also be supportive of the community. It's got to be a give-and-take relationship.
1	When thinking about how to review my experience with Uptown Alley, this could have been a really long review.  For the sake of brevity, I am just going to get right to the point.   AVOID.  Serious safety issue here when considering this is supposed to be a place for children as well as adults.There are crazy's and chemically unbalanced people everywhere, and I get that.  So I will not spend my review telling you about how some chemically unbalanced and likely very unhappy woman started yelling at my son and 9 other of his friends because they dared to enter the lazer tag room at the same time as her "private party".  Luckily for the sake of all humanity, she yelled and screamed at the kids (during a two minute window where I was inattentive and dared to use the restroom) to the point where one of the kids was crying because of this crazy lady.  Anyways, my real problem is not the crazy lady, because in the end her own self-made Karma will probably get her in the form a divorce or two...  but the real problem is that the management at Uptown should have told her bluntly to not yell at children like that.  She was unhinged and should have been removed from the premises.  Her drinking problem should not have resulted in my group of children being yelled at.So to Uptown Alley, here is all I can really say to you....great property, nice alley...but if you do not have the moral fortitude to stand up protect children (which you did not because your manager explained to me the lady yelling at MY kids had spent a lot of $ on her party...) then you are not in the right.AVOID UPTOWN ALLEY.  Make the drive to a competitor.  The management here did not do the right thing when it mattered.
1	Too loud, too out of control, no staff around to offer any help. Screaming preteens running wild everywhere right next to adults drinking. Bad combination if this is supposed to be a family hangout.
3	2 games for 4 people with shoes was $52.00.   Not horrible.  Not cheap.  Good time?  Yes!
4	I've been visiting my in-laws here in Surprise for about 12 years now and it doesn't cease to amaze me how much it's grown.Now that I have kiddies in tow a place like Uptown Alley is definitely welcomed. My first visit was mid-week and right when it opened so it wasn't busy at all and everything was clean and refreshed and service was on point and friendly.People of Surprise, I don't think ya'll know how spoiled you are with a modern facility like this. I'm from SF but live in HI and believe it or not but a clean, updated, kid friendly and affordable bowling alley with good food and drinks is non-existent in SF and Hawaii. All the bowling alleys are OLD and pricey.  And with the exception of Aiea Bowl (Shout out to Alley Restaurant!) the food is always mediocre. This place has automatic scoring and bumper guards that pop up when a kid comes up to bowl!  So then you don't have to get a kids only lane, both kids and adults can bowl at the same time! Sweeeeeet!I even came back a second time to watch a Niner game as the amount and sizes of TVs in this place are impressive. It was really busy in the bar areas but the service was still good. At any rate bummers others don't like Uptown Alley as much as me, but then again you don't know what you have until you just don't have it! My recap:Pros:-Something for everyone: A small lounge area with TVs, a big sports bar area with massive screen and tvs all around, private rooms, small arcade area (which our 3-5 year olds enjoyed). -The automatic bumper guards that pop up for every kid that bowled! Sold!-Really good chips and salsa-Affordable (well to this Californian Hawaiian it is)-Lot's of promo nights, like kids bowl free, $2 games etc etc.Cons:-Non that I can think of really. Maybe I'll come here on a Friday night or when a band is playing, so it's super busy and I can get irriated like other people. NOT. lol....
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars because the concept is awesome.  I have only been here twice but I am certain I will go back.  It is a huge place with a bar (2 I think), arcade, upscale bowling alley, laser tag, and I am sure i am missing stuff because I have not even walked the entire place.  It is nice, new, and upscale for a casual place for families.  It is really loud which is good if you already have kids since you don't want yours standing out.  There are huge TV screens all over and one that must be over 100", the drinks are decent and the prices are typical (don't come here if you are cheap).  The service is pretty good, never had a problem and the food was okay but all I have eaten was steak sliders (which barely had sliced beef on it) and chicken fingers (cant really screw that up).  I do want to go back and eat here again since I really didn't go hungry so to be fair I wont deduct for the food.  I really appreciate places like this for families to go.  So once again it gets 5 stars just for existing and if you demand perfect service or complain about every little thing,  I really don't want you to be in the same building as me anyway...you are probably annoying.
4	Very cool place!  When bowling, service is slow. Just go get drinks or food from the bar! Otherwise, great atmosphere and nice set up in the bowling alley!
4	For a fun game of bowling, this is the place to go. Modern lane design, good food, entertainment, even a game arcade for the kids. If you want to hang out with friends for food and drink in a more adult environment, there is a second bowling area with its own lanes and bar, lounge chairs, a dance floor area, a DJ to handle the music, and pool tables.
4	Okay.  First off, I have been to a lot of places like Uptown Alley.  But there is only one Uptown Alley.  This place is crazy big with so much to do for young and old- bowling, arcade, billiards, lazer tag, a full bar and restaurant.  This place has it all.  It is kind of overwhelming.  The place is definitely not a place for some peace and quiet especially in the bowling alley and arcade areas.  Screaming kids is kind of the norm in these areas.  Don't be surprised to see a screaming adult once in a while as well.  The place is chaotic but fun.I did find the restaurant to be more peaceful.  I enjoyed a meal with my wife and some friends there.  I recommend the spaghetti and meatballs.  The meatballs are meaty and flavorful and the sauce they use is on the spicy side.  Served in a oversized bowl.  The spaghetti is amazing.  The highlight of the whole place.  Writing this I am kind of sad because it's a state away and I won't be back in the area until next spring.The spaghetti alone gives me a reason to come back here.  We didn't get to do any bowling or any of the other stuff available to do there due to prior plans that night.  Just enough time to eat and go.  Next time I am bringing my bowling ball to Arizona.  You have to check this place out to believe it.
2	My husband and I thought we would check this place out on one of date nights. We went on a Saturday night so it was pretty packed. We walked in and saw a band playing. Acoustics were terrible. Couldn't make out at all what the band was playing but I'm guessing that it was bad 90's music. Once we squeezed ourselves through the crowd to see what we could do we saw that it was a pretty big place with screaming kids running all over. Tried to get a lane to bowl on. Was told that it going to be OVER a hour wait. Ok, that's fine. Its a Saturday night we figured, so we went to the bar to get a drink. Took forever just to get the bartender's attention and the bar area only have 5-7 people in there! Once I did get their attention I asked them to make a drink, but they didn't have apple schnapps to make it with. Okay, well I was just about to order another drink when the woman WALKS AWAY to go talk to the other bartender there! Just WOW. That was it. And I wasn't about to try to wait another 10 minutes just to get their attention again while they had their personal conversation. So we walked out of the bar DRINKLESS. We left right after that. Maybe we just didn't go on a good day, but we were pretty disappointed by the whole thing.
5	I love this place.  We had a small unofficial birthday party for my youngest step-son here this last weekend.  I didn't do a party package (I priced that it is was pretty steep, but seemed almost worth it cuz of the attention you get and space... ) but anyway.  We still had plenty of room, and lucked out big time to be there during the anniversary party and got 2 for 1 deals on game tag, and great arcade deals.  The kids were so busy we didn't have time to enjoy the anniversary bonus activities, bounce house and face painting.  We also ordered pizza and I was impressed with how yummy it was.  It costs more than it should, but it is good.  Our waitress was super nice also.  The staff we encountered we all in a good mood, even though they were busy, so I really appreciated that.  (We have been here in the past and not experienced this, one employee was more than rude, but I didn't see him this time.)  Cant wait to come back for an adult night with the hubby and get a cab home! :)
4	Cheese Curds!
5	Wow the place is huge, pricey but set up is legit and clearly bowling and laser tag are taking new leaps for the west valley. This place has arcades, live bands, laser tags and of course the bowling lanes.  I am not much of a bowler but the lanes are really nice and there is a designated area for all ages and then there are those for the adults.  This is really nice for the adults because you can have a great bar to yourself and the food is very good.  We ordered pizza's, wings, and mozzarella sticks which all were very good for a bowling shop.  For those businesses looking for a conference room, they have them.  I have not looked into pricing because my office is so far from this place, but I will share they seem very state of the art and are large enough for a good size group.
4	pretty awesome place.  A lot to do and it's good for adults and kids.  My son, wife and I went to hang out with friends and had a blast.  Bowled the best game of my life!  130!! haha
4	My husband and I have been coming here for a little while now and we love their happy hour. Well drinks and select drafts are $2 along with half price appetizers. The bartenders are pretty awesome and pour some strong drinks.We have had most of their appetizers. Our favorites would have to be: meatball sliders, turkey/bacon sliders, southwest rolls and cheese curds. I personally have never had real cheese curds so I'm sure they don't taste like what most people are used to but I love them. Then again who doesn't love fried cheese?
3	Pretty cool place. Somewhat pricey for families.
5	Probably one of the best places in the valley to bring the kids and watch a football game.   The kids can play laser tag, video games and bowling while you enjoy the game on humongous projection screen. Good service and decent food.
5	My department recently held a meeting and team-building event at Uptown Alley. From first contact, the Sales Director was extremely patient and accommodating. She was very personally involved in planning our event and responded to all email and phone-calls promptly.As for the venue....wow! The service was excellent, and the hospitality exceptional. We started our meeting when the facility opened, but they were already set-up and ready for us. Lunch was served right on time, and the quality and portion size was surprisingly good for the price. Even though there weren't many people on the lanes, the banquet room was a little loud, but still not unbearable.Once we moved to the lanes for the Teambuilding Part of the morning, they already had our names loaded and our shoes staged at the appropriate lanes!This is an unbelievably enormous place, with something for everyone. My personal thanks to Ashley, Becca, Chris, Patrick, and Martha; you guys did an awesome job and we'll definitely encourage our other departments to use your venue for their next outing!
5	Surprise so needed this place! Lot's of family fun!
4	We went to Uptown Alley to bowl and play laser tag with our family. It is clean and inviting when you enter. All the staff seemed friendly and helpful. We bowled 2 games with our kids first. The bowling area was comfy and inviting. A good thing to know when bowling with children, you can set up the bumpers to just be on for the kids turn and not all bowlers on that lane. We enjoyed the chip trio (3 dips with chips) for $10.99. The dips were good,maybe a tad under salted, but would order them again. The overall the taste and presentation seemed worth the money. The waitress was very attentive and friendly and supplied us with additional chips to finish the dips and was great at making sure we had enough to drink- even though we only asked for water. The laser tag area was big, air conditioned well, and had plenty of hiding areas and the upper level. We will definitely be going back to enjoy some more fun. My only negatives are that it can get pricey (but what can't for a family of 4-6?) I was hoping we could find coupons or specials for combo pricing, but no such luck. We recently (in July) visited Wazees World for our sons birthday and compared to Uptown Alley, we would definitely go back to UA. We would have heard about UA sooner if they had more advertising!
1	Went to Uptown Bowling to celebrate a friends special event. Food was good, waitress was good. But once it hit like 8pm (maybe 9pm) the Adults only area turned into a "strip joint". The lights went down and video screens went up and apparently instead of Vevo or MTV videos that are appropriate for all races, they only played naked "silhouetted" African Americans. I'm sorry but I didn't pay for 2 hours of bowling to watch naked girls on the screen while I'm bowling. I'm so offended that I will never go back. I get playing to one race, but what about the rest?  I'm not racist or sexist, but seriously...it was totally geared toward the black man.  Unfortunately, that's not the only people in your crowd. I talked to several strangers in the restroom who were as offended as I.
1	Nothing says it's the holidays like a long wait so you can enjoy terrible service! Empty glasses on the table and service help that's too busy talking to each other does not equal a big tip!
5	This place has everything! Best bowling alley ever! Love the fact that they have separate adult bowling lanes as well.
3	It's food is over priced and the atmosphere is loud and chaotic. Even though there is an 'adult section', just consider this mainly a hot spot for kids and immature teenagers.
4	My holiday work party took place here, but I've been here several times before for happy hour. The happy hour food typically seems pretty good, but I'm not sure if that's the happy hour drinks "talking" or my actual true fondness of comfort appetizers post-work days. I like Uptown Alley, because it is one of the few places that you can go to on the West side of town that offers so many things at one place. Maybe I don't want to drive an entire hour to Lucky Strike downtown but I still enjoy the luxuriousness of sitting on nice couches and a "fancier" setting while bowling. Uptown Alley is the answer!Kids have plenty of fun too! There's a big laser tag area as well as a gaming area that although not quite as big as Dave and Buster's, it still has plenty of similar new games at hand. They're not just for kids either. Adults can partake in the fun too!There is a restaurant that serves decent food, and they're very well organized at handling private parties. If you don't want to be around kids, there's even a separate "club" area for adults only to enjoy bowling, games, and drinks. I'm really happy to have this place around! It's so convenient, because you can always find stuff for people with all interests to do or enjoy!
2	My boyfriend and I have been to this location before quite a few times with ok results. The last couple of time we have had some problems. The Uptown alley website tells you about these amazing bowling deals from 10pm - close you can bowl with shoes for $10 on Thursdays. That's great lets go do that.. Oh wait you have to be over 21 to get into the premises after 10 pm, It doesn't say anywhere near the deals anything about this age restriction, You have to hunt for it at the bottom of the page in the smallest writing they have on the whole website. We tend to go to other bowling alleys now, The music is always extremely loud and the screens above the lanes are usually playing sports on most of them, Not music videos or something worth watching. Wanna watch the game? Go watch it in the bar area with all the other fans.
5	This is how you do entertainment. Um, let me modify that for clarity, this is how you do entertainment for several target audiences. Young, old, sports fans, bowlers, gamers, and the list goes on. I live much closer to this awesome venue now and as long as they keep doing things right, I should be a regular for some time to come.The first time I visited Uptown Alley was when a friend of mine's band was playing there. Yes, I said they had a live band. When I heard he was playing at a bowling alley, my suspicions of his talents were in question. This was my first time to see him play, mind you. Low and behold, my buddy drummed like a mad man and sang like a boss! Which brings me to my point, this was much more than just a bowling alley. It is a rather sprawling multi-purpose facility. Restaurant, arcade, laser tag, bar, sports lounge, and of course bowling. It's a pretty massive place. I had a couple beers, listened to the music, and called it a night. Very good first impression.My most recent trip was with family to go bowling. We walked right up, grabbed some shoes, and I was chucking gutter balls before you could say "SSSTTTTEEEEEERIKE!" (best said in Al Bundy tone). We ordered a plate of bacon cheese fries while we played a lazy game of pins from a very attentive and pleasant waitress. The bacon cheese fries were pretty good. They sat like a bowling ball in my guts but bowling was never cultured as a San Franciscan vegan sport anyway. I also never saw the bottom of my glass which is always good. Fear not, it was only tea. After a couple games of bowling around the corner to the arcade and some games of air hockey we went. Nobody was injured, so I call that a win.I would like to emphasize the staff here. I have never had an unpleasant interaction with any of them. It's not like I specifically interviewed anyone and asked about their hopes and dreams but I think you know what I mean. They were knowledgeable, efficient, and best of all friendly. You absolutely need that at an establishment like this. It just makes wrangling the kids together easier knowing you are going to a place where the only attitude you will get is when your kid bowls a better game than you. It's also handy when bellying up to the bar and bartender gives you a smile. It just brings a place like this up a notch from an already solid entertainment model.This place is great. It's clean, has a warm feeling, and is inviting as soon as you go through the front doors. The layout is logical and easy to navigate. Long rounded walkways make it fun just to travel around the different areas of Uptown Alley whether you are going to the bar for a beer or to the restaurant to rejoin your party. Even the walls are infused with decorative glass or at the very least have paintings to keep the flow going. There are private lanes and rooms for the more mature patrons giving the option of getting a little more intimate with your friends and/or significant others. So the next free night you have with some buds or the family, head on down with a couple dollars and an some energy for fun because this place is sure to have something up your alley. I sort of feel bad for that last line, but I am going to leave it in anyway.
1	This place needs some work for sure! First off how do you not have the ball ramps for younger kids?? You mean to tell me they are all broken?? How frustrating! There were many parents that felt ripped off because of the simple fact that the children were displeased with not being able to bowl with the ramps. It's was a sore sight to see looming down the lanes that every young child was upset cause they couldn't bowl like they anticipated with the ramps. After having bare witness with my grand daughter being let down and disappointed I doubt I will ever return to this place. Can't go wrong with their competitors. One day not have the ramps for kids cost this place my future business.
4	This is your standard Bowling and Entertainment Center. The food is good, service is good, and the place is clean. You can eat, drink, bowl, play games, lazer tag, ect..Only complaint is that the dinning areas are a little too loud for dinner conversation.
4	This is a cool bowling alley with a bar, large game area, live music, restaurant, large TVs and laser tag I think? Games are reasonably priced. I think I paid $30 for unlimited amount of games in an hour or so? Don't even know if that's saving a lot of money if even any but I'll go with it! Only sucky thing is if you're bowling, it takes forever to order drinks and to get them!
2	What sucks about this place is that it could be SO AWESOME if they got their act together. It seems like EVERY TIME I go there the staff screws something up. My latest example was tonight when I wanted to play laser tag. We called ahead and said all systems were go. Then we show up and they say it is closed for a private party? The bowling is expensive. There is nothing special about it to justify the higher price. What sucks is that they know they don't have to provide good service because they are the only game in town. Oh well...
5	Wow!  Happy hour wings are the best!  Nachos portion is huge and great price for what you get.  You may need to keep on your server cause it's a little hectic in there but happy hour is the way to go here... My kids love the lazer tag and video games!  Not bad for little Surprise ;)Don't expect the waitresses to be quick.  Ours was very slow.
5	What a cool place! I was hesitant in going at first.  However, my hesitation was almost immediately put to ease!  From the moment we walked in we were met with smiles and wonderful customer service. Not to mention the great interior design of the place.  We had a delicious dinner accompanied by tasty drinks (the bar tender definitely was not stingy on the alcohol) and with happy hour prices all night long our wallets weren't hurting either.  After dinner we spent the rest of the evening in the VIP lounge.  It was really busy with lots of younger kids, so it was nice to have a separate, more quite area to bowl and hang out.  I would absolutely recommend going to Uptown Alley and look forward to my next visit!!
4	This year, made it back to Uptown Alley. The adults went to the bar to drink cocktails. The kids went to play laser tag. Later everybody, adults and kids, bowled side by side. The younger kids had bumper bowling. The older kids and adults played it straight up. Been years since I bowled but I still represented with a 115 first game. Couldn't convert any darn spares. Second game. I rolled a 181. On the second game. In the tenth frame. The bowling alley switched to cosmic bowling. I was like "What the heck?" No lights except the blinking lights in the gutter areas. But no problem. Ten pin spare and a strike. After we played some video games. One of the employees sold me a game card but then tried to overcharge me for the card. Kid thought I was a drunk parent or something. Tried to play it off as a joke but I wasn't buying it.Besides the game card incident. The place was more fun then I remember the last time we visited. Watch out for shady game card salesman and have a blast with family and friends.
5	Never a bad meal and drinks are made perfectly.
5	Love  this place! It has a restaurant /bar ( red embers)  to the left when you walk in. To the right are the arcade games and laser tag..walk straight through and you get to the bowling alley that glows in the dark, to the right of that is a 21 and over bar/bowling alley with couches and High top tables ect... There's also another bar just outside that tucked between the bowling alley and arcade.. Food  is always  amazing.. my favorite is the chicken and vegetables... It has  grilled chicken, asparagus, artichoke hearts , red and green peppers,onion and lots of yumminess. ..... Bonus  for me is that there is karoake with a live band on Thursday nights .amazing sound system and the host is a favorite local entertainer/singer that makes it extra fun. Yes... I love this place!
5	Great evening out with adults or parties. We love going with our kids the food is great!
3	LOVE the 21+ bowling and pool area so my SO and I  didn't have to be around the teenage crowd on our date night.Did NOT like the restaurant.  Slow service combined with a horrible waitress was just bad.  We ordered a custom burger - and she took the liberty to put on all the other condiments on his burger for him "because everybody else does".  If we wanted the custom burger with all the extras, we would have ordered one and she made us feel stupid for complaining about it.  Not going back to the restaurant side ever again.
1	Went in on a Monday to relax and have a couple brews with friends. We weren't immediately available to order when Kristin came to take our order, besides beers. She eventually took our second round order with food. Her service was extremely slow and not personal. I have been in the service industry in a previous life and know you have to work to turn customers into regulars. This was clearly not an intention of hers. She did check back on us once to see if we needed anything but were okay at the time. We kept talking, hoping she'd come by to see if we were tasty to close out/wanted more or anything but nothing. After 45 minutes, with serious consideration for walking out, I had to go to the bar and ask her for the check. She was pretty nice at that point but it was beyond too late. Avoid the place on a Monday night for drinks!!!
1	The whole setting of this bowling alley is awesome, but the employees are rude and don't have manners. We were there on a Sunday night and we went up to the bar to order a drink. My husband asked for a pitcher of beer and the bartender with spiky hair said with a rude tone of voice that they didn't have pitchers there. He made us feel very uncomfortable. After we got our beers we went to go bowl. We asked for service so we could order something to eat and we waited around 20 minutes and nobody came to help us, so we decided to leave. As we were leaving my husband saw that there was a laser tag so we were going to go check it out and automatically the girl that was working there by all the prices yelled at us and said we couldn't go in there since there was a game going on. This was our first time here so we didn't know how things worked. We had heard good things about this place, but our experience was horrible! We definitely won't be coming back again.
5	Hands down best place in surprise! Great food, entertainment! WE LOVE IT HERE! We eat dinner here at least once a week. They wedge salad and loaded fries are to die for!
5	We did not eat here but we did play games and they were so super! Incredibly clean and well maintained which was great! They had way better prizes as well and I loved the fact that we did not have to hold tickets they loaded directly to the card. I totally want to go back and eat and bowl though!
1	Can I give zero stars? Hours of operation on the website and door say open at 8 am on Saturday. Well it is 9:15 am and I am standing outside with my husband and kids and the doors are locked. I saw a man inside so I knocked, he motioned to me that it would be a minute. 5 minutes later and no one has come to the door. First time coming here and it is now my last. What a shame.
4	Been here several times and always have a good experience.  My kids enjoy the bowling and games.  The food and drinks are reasonable.  Food is above average bar food.  The pretzel bite things are the best.  Prices are average.  Sometimes the wait staff leaves you hanging...that's my only complaint.
2	We come here almost EVERY Thursdays night because of their awesome "BAND/karaoke" night and the staff is usually chill and cool.. The last time we were here (just me and my bf), we ordered chicken wings, nachos, pizza, mozzarella sticks, southwest rolls, French dip & drinks from the bar. Got called up to sing up on stage.Took our food to a table close to the stage.. and when we came back, no more than 5minutes later, all our food was gone. I confronted the girl that was cleaning up our table and told her that "We weren't done yet..", all of the plates weren't even empty at all and she didn't even turn around to look at me and all she said was "oh well.." And CONTINUED what she was doing!! I WAS HELLA SURPRISED OF HOW RUDE THAT GIRL WAS WHEN I APPROACHED HER NICELY.I talked to the lady bartender right away, who by the way is just always super sweet and nice to everyone, talked to the manager that night about the incident and the manager came to talk to me but didn't apologize (I'm guessing he was busy running around the whole placer hat  ) , but the lady bartender was apologizing for the girl's mistake, and the manager said he'll take 50% off everything we ordered that was thrown away so we still paid, I guess since we did eat some of the food that was thrown away, when I'm almost 99.9% sure most restaurants would have comped that if this was the situation but he didn't, maybe he's a new manager. But we just wanted to get out of there so we paid without anymore conflicts. My bf and I used to worked in the food&beverage industry and we know it's really not just the food that makes the guests come back but the hospitality of the staff and service too.
4	We went on a wednesday afternoon so it was pleasant.  My wife and I had a good time.  The service was good and curtious.  We asked to not be put by a bunch of kids and they accommodated.  I have read previous reviews and could see this place at night or on a weekend acting chaotic and like a night club, but for a weekend day and to do some bowling with my wife it was perfect.
4	Best bowling in the ValleyWent bowling with my wife and little girls on a Sunday.  Uptown was very busy and we had a 1.5 hour wait.  But, it timed well for us to hit dinner before a couple games and worked out.Staff is very nice, but seems to struggle with the rush of people constantly hitting them. Some management structure and training would go a long way toward helping them provide a better overall customer experience-- have multiple register running instead of three people figuring out how to charge a bill; not having people run back and forth from register to shoes; check-in station instead of mixing bowling/paying and check-in flows; et al.  But, at least they try to be as pleasant as possible.The fourth star comes from having a clean, fun, youth-friendly setting.  There truly is no better bowling experience around.  The game and laser tag areas are also cool.  Visiting Uptown makes for a family-friendly excursion.  Games, frames, and A/C on a hot weekend.  Some minor improvements an they could start averaging four to five stars.
3	Such a fun place. We went on a Saturday afternoon and the place was packed. I don't necessarily think that's a bad thing though. We didn't have to wait at all, got right on to our lane and bowled 3 games. It was a little pricey and warm(but what isn't in Arizona) but we had a really great time. I can't wait to venture in to the restaurant and arcade/laser tag. I hear this is a really popular place on Thursday nights.
1	Worst bowling alley I've ever been to.  I've been here an hour an a half and I'm still waiting to bowl.  Meanwhile they have 8 lanes have said reserved for a party for the last hour.  I could have bowled 3 times over.
5	I have been going to the uptown alley for a few years.  There are two people that have always gone above and beyond to make each time a great experience. One is our bartender Claudia.  She has always been extremely friendly, fast and efficient.  THANKS CLAUDIA. The other person who goes out of his way to give great service is Jason in the bowling area. He always gives great customer service and makes it a fun bowling experience.  THANKS JASON. Our family truly appreciates all you do
4	Love taking the kids here to run and be wild. The kids love to see Claudia and get a big hug from her!!! Claudia is very polite and always has a smile.
4	I'm not a huge fan of the food BUT I've been going here for the past two years.. what keeps me going back is the bartender CLAUDIA! She's fast, friendly, efficient and always has a smile on her face.
4	Been here plenty of times and always encounter SOMEONE on staff with an attitude! servers at the Red Embers restaurant are slow forgetful and act like me asking for good service is such a hassle! Thank God for Claudia, the bartender at the bar in that area! She always goes around to the tables the patio wherever, to make sure everyone has their drinks food or has even been helped. Went with a group of co workers ordered drinks waited around 5...10....15 minutes and Claudia came over, she must've seen us looking around thirsty, and asked what we ordered... No writing anything down just went straight to the bar got our drinks and came back with them BEFORE the server ever came back to ask what we had ordered again! As far as the place it is a great environment, so many things to do and great place to meet up for drinks, dinner, arcade, bowling whatever. Just wish there were more people like Claudia on staff!!
5	Claudia is the best, I always come here to see her. Her drinks are always the best and she gives the best customer service.
5	Went here for the first time ever.Was impressed with everything. Customer service was amazing as staff interacted with us to assure we were taken care of throughout our stay.Bowling, darts, pool, video games, live band, multiple large screen tv's and a restaurant.Nice place.
4	I love this place, it would have a full 5 stars if the u didn't have to wait 2 hours for a lane and it wasn't so expensive. But maybe there is a wait lost u could call and reserve a spot.
