5	The waxing staff Ashlee did an amazing job on my eyebrows and the Brazillian wax. I highly recommend European Wax:)
5	Great!  I went there just today after I had a really bad wax about a month ago.   I decided to get my brows waxed 5 weeks ago where I get my nails done, and the lady took way too much off and they were a little crooked.  I went to European Wax today and the lady, I cannot remember her name, did a great job of straightening them out and giving me a little bit of a shape with what she could since not all of the hair has grown back.  I signed up for 12 waxes prepaid so that there is a decent discount.  I am looking forward to having someone wax my brows who knows what they are doing and are not in a rush!  My brows look great and will look even better when they are fully grown back.
5	I've been getting waxed at different European Wax Centers for the last few years and hands down The Red Mountain Center is my favorite!! The front desk girls were polite, funny, knowledgeable, and personable. I felt like I was chit chatting with girls I'd known for years! My waxer Jackie is the reason this is my new favorite center. Truly an exceptional waxer. Fast, friendly, and really put me at ease. She definitely knows her stuff! Also I want to mention how eat off the floor clean everything was. Nice job. All and all really great experience! Thank You
5	My wife and sisters were looking for a good waxing place, and so they settled on this one, European wax center.All I did was sit in the lobby, which was a very pleasant lobby as those go. . . while the ladies all went to get their eyebrows? waxed.  They thought that the whole thing was great, service, the finished job looked good (= and I approve of the total cost!I used a Yelp Check-in offer, so that's the route I would suggest, then you get a few bucks off too!
4	I've been here 3 times now for an eyebrow wax and I haven't been disappointed yet. The prices are good and I like the type of wax they use. If your looking for a new place to get your waxing done, definitely go here, I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
5	Walked in for a brow and lip wax, and loved it! Pricing is reasonable but everything is so clean and they really know their waxing! They use their own type of wax and no strips to pull it off, much less painful. Totally would recommend for any waxing needs.
5	Evil Dave is the man the man with the plan he takes alot of pride in his work and it shows!
2	I have been to many nail salons in the area and I was very disappointed in this one. $25 is a lot for a basic pedicure. They did a terrible job painting my toe nails, it isn't that hard to paint nails. Their massage chairs have no padding between the massagers and the chair so it was very uncomfortable. I only went there because a friend wanted to for her birthday. I would rather spend my $25 elsewhere and get a job well done. On the up side the people that worked there were very friendly.
2	I have had such a great experience with their technicians when I finally get in to see them. However, half the time I make an appointment, check in on time if not early, i get to then wait 10-15 min after my appointment before I'm taken back. I understand that sometimes things happen but the last 3-4 appointments I've sat and waited and waited. The point of an appointment is to get in and out, not be there for over an hour for a simple 15min max service. If you don't mind waiting 15min after your scheduled appointment to begin your service this is the place for you. I personally don't make appointments to be taken back when convenient. I make an appointment on purpose at a specific time for a reason and schedule other things around it and don't want to hangout in your waiting area in the mean time. If I just walked in when ever I wanted, say 10-15min after my appointment was scheduled, they wouldn't appreciate it either.
5	I've been going here since it opened. I find they have great service and the prices are very reasonable. I've never had to wait for my scheduled appointment. The yearly passes are the best prices you will ever find for waxing services.
5	What an amazing experience. First time here and loved it. Facility is clean, staff very friendly.  Rates are very reasonable.  Will definitely be back. Jackie was really great
2	I do love the European Wax Company in general, but this visit was awful. The waxer herself was very very nice and could hold a nice conversation. But, my Brazilian wax did not turn out at all. I've had plenty in the past and this is just awful. To put it in a few words... Crooked, still hair everywhere, and raw. Im lost for words. Do yourself a favor and avoid a nice lady by the name that starts with a "K". I don't want to put her on blast.
5	Perfect brow wax, every time. Super nice techs (Jackie is awesome!) Incredibly clean. Never have to wait more than a minute or two when I arrive. Pretty easy to get an appointment. Totally recommend!
4	I had a great coupon off from Yelp! Services were great and staff also! I shall be returning soon!
