5	Unfortunately I am able to review this brand new emergency room hospital that is an extension of the Arrowhead Hospital on Lake Pleasant and north of Happy Valley.  I was playing soccer at ASC Friday night and landed on the keepers foot when I went for the ball, I somehow fractured my right tibia (upper leg near knee).  At the time it did not seem like I broke anything but the pain wasn't friendly so I thought I would stop by and meet those folks, ha ha.  Anyway the place was empty at 9pm on a Friday night and they came out with a wheel chair so I didn't have to walk.  They asked about 3-5 minutes of questions and got me right in.  They did vitals and I spoke with a nurse, assistant, and ER doctor in about 15 minutes.  A few minutes later they had me in Xray and another 20 the doc gave me the news.  Everyone was nice and depending on the insurance carrier is how much you pay.  I had to pony up $150 for Blue Cross but I am sure the damage is much worse than that.  Before I left they shot me up with Demerol, gave me a script for percocet, and sent me away with a disc of my Xray's....so I don't have to keep paying for those.   Whole experience lasted about and hour and a half I think...was drugged up so well I am really not sure I should even be reviewing this place.  Anyway, I am very glad to have an ER near my home in the NW valley.
5	This is the most awesome care center I have ever been  to. From the entry at the front door to being taken to be triaged, which was in the exam room, to seeing a caring nurse and Dr. the experience really helped me to remember that there are caring health care providers out there. Dr. Rogers was so kind and sincerely concerned with my well being. I am genuinely impressed. I am grateful to all those who work there.
5	The place is brand new and still really empty. We are always seen right away, sometimes before I'm done with the paperwork. Amazing staff!
5	PINCH me, Am i dreaming for the 2nd time ?...Wise, caring Doctors that truly LISTENKiNDRED nursing staff that turns the pain into a smile - i got real lucky w extra iv of laughter,  state of the art technology facility w/ NO wait times makes dire ER sense while bringing urgent Medical relief to the Desert Oasis part of our beau North Valley ! TY North Peoria Emergency founded by Arrowhead Hospital,Grateful Blessings from GOODnewsAz
5	If you have to go to an ER, go to this one. I hate to tell people because I would like to have this ER all to myself if needed. 2 famiy visits both with great service. Drive past other ER's to be seen immediately at this ER.
4	My grandmother was taken here, instead of the hospital emergency room.  The staff was polite and very kind.  The doctors and nurses explained everything and made sure that my grandmother recieved great care.If you live in this area, I'd definitely go here before the hospital.
4	Had a good experience there. They are new so they were not busy, so we were in and out in a rush. The staff were very good
5	This ER is the best thing since sliced bread! We brought our 14 year old daughter in to the North Peoria ER on a Saturday afternoon when her cold turned into bronchitis. A simple phone call to find out if they accepted our insurance, a 3 minute drive, and we were in and out in 20 minutes. All of the staff and doctors were great in this almost brand new facility. It's the best kept secret all the way up here in the NW Valley!
5	Uh oh! We're back....this time it's our 21 year old with an ear infection, strep and running a fever! This emergency room is like heaven. No wait, the most efficient staff and the best doctors. Seriously, it's like having a personal medical team on call just for us....
4	we were visiting here from California my daughter ended up getting a serious ear infection  ...Sunday night I searched the net for a emergency room open or an urgent care that would accept our insurance (kaiser) no urgent care would ...so off to North Peoria we go....Yes the staff was very nice we got in and out within 40 minutes one of the nurses named Crystal even let me use her cell phone charger since we had to map quest the directions to get there...I am glad North Peoria emergency was there for us....
5	Never very busy and they are all very nice and helpful. Get you in and take care of you right away. I'm sure as people find out about them, they will get busier, but for now, as trips to the ER are common in this family, we will be going here.
5	Quality of Service is Outstanding!!! Pure Excellence & Greatness!!!
5	Great Staff. A nice receptionist right when you walk in. I broke a toe and they did a good job helping me out. They did an X-Ray the first thing and found that I sure enough had a broken bone in my foot. I'd very highly recommend this place.  Very nice doctor and nurses.
