5	It probably wasn't a good idea to watch the MTV True Life show about kids obsessed about losing weight before leaving.  IT also probably wasn't a good idea to eat a Cream Cheese and Salsa dip at 430 and a Spinach Artichoke dip at 530. That said, you can not refuse a morsel of the absolutely amazing meal you will be offered here.  First, situated here in the downstairs of the Ritz Carlton you are free from the noisy clang clang of slot machines and other casino noises you might here in say Spago.  Nope, there is nothing Vegas about this place.  The staff greet you warmly from the minute you arrive and throughout the meal.  Jose, our server, made us feel like we were dining in his restaurant, offering up ideas as well as jokes and compliments, reading our palettes and choices and selecting the most perfect wine to accompanying the meal.  The meal was, did I mention I stuffed myself before I arrived? I tried to order a soup and salad but Jose would hear none of it.  I tried to look at my food as something I will just taste to see how good it is, how I would do it at home and then leave it alone...EXCEPT each course was amazing.  First, the lavoush pops in your mouth with a cacophony of seasonings and a rosemary Parmesan scent wafting around in your mouth after every chew.  Then a butternut squash soup latte served in a coffee mug with cream foamed by a cappuccino maker sitting on top garnished with fresh ground Cinnamon and pumpkin biscotti.  Then an asparagus salad we never ordered that had the most delectable smear of dressing.  Simple and the asparagus cooked to perfection."you're a vegetarian, no fish, eh?" and then my salad, presented in threes not one dollop or mishmash came when my companion's salad arrived but was supposed to her first course.  Trust Jose and the kitchen staff.  I could not help but eat every bit, the candied pecans, the Cowgirl Creamery Brie Crostini, the apple and endive salad.  To my surprise came my companion's creamy, rich risotto, a bed for a masterfully extracted and presented lobster.  I received gnocchi.  Might I say, I hate gnocchi.  IT is never good.  The gnocchi at Verbena in Oakland changed my mind, if served well its ok but I only order as a last resort.  Here it was given to me unordered and OH, ohhhhhh, words can not describe this magical little puff that melted in my mouth as it slide past my lips.  Did I mention that I was full when I arrived?  Because the desert wine accompanied the mandarin lemon sorbet served in a champagne glass we didn't order.  All that was said was "O he likes chocolate" and with a gleam in his eye, Jose nodded "Say No More!"  and so then after the surprise sorbet came a chocolate tasting including a cup of Mexican hot chocolate and chocolate brulee.  Can I rate this place 10 stars? Could I pay more, please?  The food is excellently priced for what you order and then what you are surprised with is beyond words, beyond superlatives.If I had anything negative to comment on, and if you are going to operate at this stature, there must be some, I would say that the space itself is too open in a Michael Mina sort of way, that the napkins resembled picnic napkins and were a constant source of displeasure.  With aforementioned lavoush was a cinnammon raisin bread that seemed ill placed for dinner, a sourdough that was lacking in taste and another grainy bread that was quickly forgotten.  I mention this because I hear its up for remodel and hope that these issues get addressed, that and the chairs sucked us in and seemed more appropriate for Andre the Giant.  At 6 foot, I shouldn't feel like I am sitting at the adults table.That aside, whether you are staying here at the Ritz or somewhere on the Strip, make absolutely sure you get yourself here for at least a dinner.  It's about a $30 cab ride from the strip and can be found at the corner where Exemplary Service meets Orgasm Inducing Food.
4	medici cafe and terrace at the ritz carlton, lake las vegas......the attentive waitstaff?....absolutely flawless~~....decore, tables and setting?....perfection~!.....plating and meals?...egg~~cellent~~~....the six course meal?...tempting for a mere $80....wine tasting along with the meal?...only some pocket change more....(well..pocket change for an affluent individual)......for a business traveling road warrior?...sadly...over my expense budget..."i'll have the braised short rib with mac'n'cheese....and water......tap water"......ooh...rich..soft...fork tender..boneless small hand-sized braised short rib served on a huge deep platter.....a tin cup of crusty..cheesy mac resting gently on folded napkin on another seperate plate......both very good....a meal for about $50 total....not bad....my dinner companions for the evening had a wonderfully presented bib lettuce salad.....scallops which looked fabulous and tasted magnificant....and a green crusted salmon...which didn't look too appealing to my eyes.....appearance was odd to my standards........but...she only left a bite behind....the prices are steep enough to break your meal expense account.....but still a nice treat in the desert oasis of henderson, nv.....wish i would have known that i was going to be treated earlier...i would have ordered the 6 course wine tasting meal~!
3	I ate here last night for a special occasion.  We had 8:30 reservations and got there a little early, but were still seated immediately.  The food gets five stars.  We had a bottle of wine, the scallop appetizer, lamb chops, ahi tuna, and creme brulee on a cinnamon doughnut for dessert.  Yummy!  Oh, and our waitress was very friendly when we could catch her.  Here's where it starts to slump.  While friendly, the waitress was nowhere to be seen 99% of the time we were there.  We had to wait for long periods of time to be served our pellegrino, wine, and food and to get our plates cleared between courses.  I was not happy about that at all, considering the number of other servers that were flying around but turning a blind eye to us and the fact that it didn't seem she had any other tables.  The other thing I didn't like was how the restaurant is set up.  It's a huge expanse of space, and you feel kinda like you're dining in the belly of a blue whale.  In addition, if you aren't in the front half of the rectangular floor space, forget having a conversation....the damned kitchen opens into the dining room completely and I don't think the cooks could have been any louder if they tried.  Unfortunately a lot of that loudness stemmed from profanity and raucous laughter (which I couldn't care less about personally, but most people don't find it appropriate when they're paying that much for a meal).  Normally these issues might get it less than a three star rating, but honestly, the food was damned good.  So I might go back......
3	Dined here on two occasions for breakfast while staying here.  Food was great but service was mediocre.The weekend breakfast buffet had nice options such as a waffle and omelette station, but overpriced at $25 a person for breakfast!Service was surprisingly spotty, which was surprising given the 5 diamond rating of the resort.
5	I came here for Sunday Brunch.They have a nice selection of cheese, fresh fruit, and a fresh omelet station.It is beautifully lit, and overlooking a breathtaking view of a man made lake. The decor was flawless, and so was the food so it makes it worth the drive out and the price. $50 for two people for brunch is a bit excessive so I understand why people would feel a little ripped off if they don't find everything they want and more, but it is a brunch guys!
5	Ravella Lake Las Vegas has opened their much anticipated Tuscan Steak house at Medici Cafe. This is not your ordinary steakhouse that Grandma Ruth and Grandpa Morton like to eat at. All Medici steaks are aged 28 days than marinated in lemon time duck fat,and rock salt. Steaks are then pan seared medium rare. I had the 22 ounce porterhouse with a side of angel hair pasta. I have to say it was the best steak I have ever had, seasoned to perfection and melt in your mouth tender.I rarely eat dessert but when the fruit tart was describe to us I had to try it. Our server Gerardo mentioned the tart because it isn't on Medici menu but offered in the Firenze lounge upstairs.  The tart was a pastry topped with caramelized nectarine and topped off with Ravella's freshly made vanilla bean ice cream.The service was what you would expect from a 5 star resort.  Gerardo and Juan were very attentive and did an excellent job of explaining everything. Management, especially Nicole, took the time to make sure everything was to our liking.Don't forget to compliment your chefs before you leave. They do a great job and would love to here from you. Chef Josh and Chef Marco did a fantastic job.Note:I posted this review under Ravella Hotel Medici Cafe and Terrace as well since this business listing is from when the property was managed by Ritz Carlton.  I think Ravella needs there own identity.
5	come here for lunch after spa treatment.ordered tuna nicoise salad and it's one of the prettiest salad I have seen.very vivid color, three kine of potato in the salad.red, regular and purple.also small red onion , like the size of pea.anyway, it's very appetizing.service is so,so.only one waitress.
5	Celebrated a friends birthday last night with another great dinner at Medici. I am totally addicted to the tuscan style steaks and now have about 10 of my friends jonesing for them as well.This time I tried the rib eye and had puree potatoes, brocollini, asparagus, and roasted root vegetables as sides.  Everything was fantastic. Our server Gerardo (I think was his name) did a great job.Ravella has an extensive wine inventory, so not everything is on the menu. But if you ask Nichole, the Food and Beverage supervisor, she can provide you with a greater selection to choose from.Oh and by-the-way, Nichole did a great job taking care of us, making sure we had everything we needed. She does a wonderful job providing a personal touch and makes you feel like you are a very important customer to them.
5	Awesome breakfast!  My wife and I stayed at the Ravella at Lake Las Vegas for a night.  We used a Groupon, which included breakfast at the Medici Cafe.  We figure any "included breakfast deal" would be mediocre at best, boy were we pleasantly surprised!!!  My wife had a scrumptious omelet, while I chose the bagel with salmon and cream cheese.  I must admit to being a sucker for a bagel and lox, but this one stood above the rest.  Fresh purple onion, fresh fennel and delicious large, juicy capers like I'd never experienced before.  And they serve LARGE glasses of orange juice, not these pitiful little juice cups you get at most places.  Also of note was the coffee, which was absolutely perfect.  Staff was attentive and just right.
3	On my 1st visit in early October 2011, the chefs created the best tasting Kobe sliders, fried chicken wings, sweet potato fries, and steak for my family. We dined in the bar area since the cafe was closed already. It was fantastic. A few weeks later, we came back and ordered the exact same things and it was mediocre. Apparently, the new chefs did not cook it the same way and even refused to make the steak because it was no longer on the evening menu. FYI.. The steak was never on the menu but the first chef obviously cared about his customers. It is pricey..  We paid close to $100 for our meal. We did enjoy the fact that it was quiet, ppl were nice, and it was on the hotel property.
5	Went here two years ago for Valentine's day when the Ritz was still open. It was a fantastic dinner experience.
2	I came here with family for Sunday brunch. There was no Sunday brunch set up. So we had to order from their regular breakfast menu. We had corn beef hash, egg Benedict and breakfast sandwich. Food was just okay. I ordered a cup of latte. The cup of my latte was cracked. I might get my lip scratched by drinking it. I told our waiter to change my cup because I didn't want to get hurt. All he did was pouring my latte from this cup to another cup for me. I was expecting him to made me a new cup of latte in a non-broken cup! I had some minimum expectation from this place because it use to managed by ritz Carlton. I guess I was wrong. This place could be so much better with its potential. It's located inside a beautiful hotel and right next to hotel courtyard. I hate to be a hater but just would like to see it get better.
5	We originally came to the Medici Cafe at Lake Las Vegas Ravella for Groupon special the summer. Stayed at the hotel and enjoy the pool and the breakfast buffet.  For thanksgiving we came back to the buffet Thanksgiving Feast Damien was our waiter and he was phenomenal and the food was great. It was the most personable restraurant-like buffet experience that we've had in 15 years in Las Vegas. We will be coming back for the Christmas buffet.
