5	An online farmer's market concept that takes the best of the CSA concept and makes it flexible for those who cannot commit to spending several month,s worth of food money in advance...or who like local food but are too busy to spend a whole morning at the farmer's market. Simply place your order online, designate where you would like your groceries delivered, and pick them up.  You can order everything from fresh produce to eggs, mesquite flour, and coffee.  The new weekly boxes come with recipes created by a local chef. Try it on for size!
5	Beautiful, local produce with the added convenience of 'one stop shopping'. This service is perfect for people who want to support local agriculture but don't have the time to browse the Farmers Markets each week. The process was easy and the product was awesome. Why didn't I think of this?!
5	Chow locally is awesome! Every Monday I get an email telling me what is in my Box for the week. I have until 9 PM that evening to decide if I want to cancel for the week. Each box has 7-9 vegetables, fruit, local grains that are identified by which farm they come from.A week might bring curly red Kale from crooked sky farms, Onions from Maya's, spinach, dandelion greens, and Apples from Dyncan Family farms (PS Arizona grown apples are delicious!) In the process, I have trained my brain to get excited and ready for the challenge of what each weeks veggies bring me. During the summer, I had an abundance of cucumbers, so I started pickling them. I also learned multiple recipes for the various summer squashes, that I doubt I would have utilized on my own.While I get excited in meal planning and go to Epicurious for ideas, Chow Locally also supplies recipes concocted by its resident nutritionist.  It's a model for CSA's across the country. I have friends in other states who get CSA's... But none have had one who tells them what they are getting in ADVANCE.So much fun, and great produce!
5	Chow Locally is amazing!  Not only is it a great value and a great way to help your local farmers, but the customer service is amazing!  Help your community farmers and your health use Chow Locally!!
3	Like the concept but I received my first box and there were bugs in 2 of the items. I'm fine with rinsing the dirt but the bugs are too much.
