5	Great location by the house, they are located in Tropicana Plaza. (If you're heading  West on Trop it will be on your right) the plaza just before the Grand Canyon. Where the right turn only lane begins. I've tried their Chicken Parmesan without the bun and it's delicious.  My boyfriend loves their calzones he normally gets Ham & cheese for lunch.  We like the how friendly the service is.  Pauline and Chris have quite a gem. It's clean, quiet in the afternoons so it's a great lunch spot. We just enjoy our food and watch TV.Today (9/8/13) is our 4th time visiting Sunset Pizzeria. We strolled in around 2:30 pm, Pauline was at the register and greeted us with a smile.  I told her I was going to try the gluten free pizza today with Ricotta and Meatball, my favorites.  I was pretty happy to find a place that offers a gluten free crust for a reasonable price. My boyfriend ordered a medium pizza with light sauce, extra cheese, pepperoni and black olives. My pizza was 12" around and with a sprinkle of garlic powder and parm I was chowing down.  I ended up eating most of it and taking the one giant slice home.  That was the best gluten free pizza evah (ever)! The boyfriend was eating his pizza and he turned to me with this huge smirk.  I asked him "what?", he said "this place puts our regular pizza place to shame".Ready for the damage? Keeping in mind toppings are 1.25 each, my pizza was $12.49 for a 2 topping gluten free crust, my boyfriend had a 3 topping medium pizza for $14.74, 2 sodas a $1.59 each with free refills. Tax included we spent $32.87 but that's fine because later I won't have any hives from eating pizza!  It was well worth the money and the service.  I took pictures of our pizzas for those of you that are curious.
5	We had a regular good old fashioned Pepperoni Pizza and it was perfect...just enough sauce and toppings and big enough to do the "fold over"!  It took me back to the corner pizza places in Brooklyn.  My husband had a Stromboli that was just as yummy!  Then, to make the entire meal perfect...a canoli to die for!  So glad they deliver and are just around the corner!  We will definitely be visiting this pizza place over and over again!!  And the owners are wonderful and friendly....make you feel like family!
1	Started good, the place wasnt busy, thought we would be in/out. However to no avail our calzone was like hard heated stale bread that i wouldnt feed a pigeon with. The worst bit...they knew they burnt the Calzone, which had way too many onions and tried to serve anyway....really did u honestly think we wouldn't know this thing was horribly over cooked especially by the look of it and when ur cook (who was enjoying his lunch) saying, oh my god, after u went and checked on it? Why would u even think it was okay to serve and try to sheepishly payback $5? The replacement was also overcooked. We will not be returning.
2	I really wanted to like this place. I had fond memories of Mama Lugi's pizza that used to occupy the same space so I was looking forward to continuing that.A  friend of mine and I went there and ordered a 1 topping pizza and chicken fingers combo for lunch.   Their pizza is a thin New York style crust which is my personal favorite pizza type. When the pizza came and I picked up a slice, I had to tilt it to the side to let the pepperoni juice slide off my piece. GreasyThe chicken fingers we ordered kind of fell flat as well. The breading was hard, even with the sauce on it and was a bit crunchy for my taste. The buffalo sauce also was put on very hastily so there was dry parts on some of the fingers and the sauce was coming apart in the bottom of the basket. More Greasy.On a positive note, the people working there were very nice and the food came out really quick but it didn't make up for the food.
1	This used to be Mama Luigi's Pizza place.  I used to come here often back then.  Tried their pizza.  It was bland. I expected some tangy spicy tomato sauce and adding the peppers didn't help either. I also ordered HOT chicken wings.  The wings not so hot.  It was more of a mild taste.  When I say HOT, I want my lips to be burning.  I don't think I'll be back here.
1	My husband & I just had a large Sicilian Mikey's with an Italian sub. Pizza was average and I wouldn't even be compelled to write a review, except this establishment should be ashamed of themselves for charging $8.79 for an Italian sub, that had barely 2 slices of meat, and NO cheese! And the meat that was visible was not "Delicious deli meat," per their menu. Yelpers Beware especially when you carry out!!
5	Excellent food and service, same great pizza I enjoyed from the other locations. Great lunch specials!
5	Thank you to Pauline & Chris! I have eaten here 4 or five timesnow and they have catered my work lunches. The food here has ag reat taste, and the service is excellent. This is a family-owned business so I appreciate even more the equity the owners are putting in to grow the clientele. Thank you again for great food and service. Cheese pizza and conolli,s!!!
4	Great calzones and salads.
2	I miss when this place used to be Mama Luigi's.  I've been here twice since it has been Sunset Pizzeria and although the menu is still very similar... the customer service and food are just not that great.  I was not impressed when our server told us that we could get our own drinks at the drink station, and then two minutes later a group of guys comes in and she takes their drink order and brings it over to them.  Granted, the drink station is not that far away.  But, if drinks are self service, should't they be for everyone?  At the end of our experience, our bill was $50 for 3 calzones and drinks.  I just do not feel that it was worth that much!
4	Pizza always tastes good, and their fingers might even out weight their pizza. Great customer service. Not a big fan of their ranch dressing (i use it on everything). It left a bad after taste, not only with me, but with my wife as well.
5	Great customer service ! Amazing pizza will be back over and over again to.see Pauline and Chris!!!
1	My partner and I got really sick. Had pizza delivered, came cold.
2	Waited over an hour for delivery, and guy shows up without the coke that was also ordered and paid for. Stated place was closed, and he was sorry....No contact info available on webpage. Buyer beware.
4	The food is pretty decent here. Used a restaurants.com certificate with no trouble. We had a large antipasti salad, hot fries, and Stromboli. All was really good. It's the second time we have been here. The portions are big so don't order too much
2	I rly rly dislike leaving negative reviews and don't even want to. I tried Sunset twice, for me to order pizza is kind of a special deal, lived here a yr and have only done so twice. I order my kids the cheese pizza and ordered myself hot wings and the anti pasta salad. Their pizza was just  so so, yummy crust, but that is all. My hot wings were just gross, soggy and WERE NOT SPICY and had no red sauce on them. If they had run out then call and say so, ill gladly find something else to order. The minimal amount of franks hot sauce they did add, was watery and nasty. The salad as what happened the first time I ordered from here was overly oily and it wasn't really anti pasta just a salad. No banana peppers no pickled veggies, just lettuce and far too much tomato. bummed I used my cheat meal night once again on this place and wasn't even worth it.Up your game guys!!
5	Update: went again tonight. Dine in style with antipasto, wings, Philly cheese steak and beer. Antipasto is a great salad, wings were ok, but the Philly cheese steak was excellent. I'm not too sure why the bad reviews but maybe dine in and try other stuff. I didn't like the pizza so much but everything else has been really good. Yea I know, it's supposed to be a pizza place.... Maybe think about it like a bar, they are only supposed to have drinks but sometimes they have great food too :)
5	Love this place. Was in Las Vegas and stumbled upon this gem. My wife and I are big pizza fans. This place has great pizza and atmosphere. Our pizza was delicious and hot! The crust which they make daily was perfect, and the toppings were fresh and generous. The place itself was spotless, the bathrooms were some of the cleanest I've ever seen at restaurant. The employees were kind and very attentive. We will definitely come back to sunset pizza on our next trip to Las Vegas.
5	At long last we have a found a great neighborhood pizza place - that has the best calzones and pasta specials ever.  Try the lasagna special  for two - you get a generous portion, garlic bread and the best antipasto salad ever --a truly big salad with provolone, salami, veggies - the works. (like on Seinfeld - this is a rival big salad) - The salad alone is like a meal and comes with the special. I don't think you'll get a bigger bowl for two people in all of LV.  The pizza is also great -- and since we're partial to onion and pepper -- it is plentiful.  We also tried pepperoni- and the toppings are also generous.  The value and service is good - and they're happy to see you you and serve you.  It's our go to place for quick dinners or a fast bite.   But, nice enough to meet friends or family and have a leisurely meal too.
4	If you're ever wondering what to eat and can't decide, just come here!The owners are cool, the menu has tons to choose from and the beers are ICE cold to soothe any pallet!It's my go to when I want something reasonably priced and comforting. Tony S
4	Sunset is consistent which with food is important. It's always a good pizza and hits the spot. Their prices are very reasonable. So you pizza Hut, Dominos, and God forbid Papa Johns people. Please give them a try. Get off your corporate trucked in dough and try some fresh local food.
5	I love this place, always a goto when I'm in the area. Only tried the pizza but its been spot on every time.
4	My wife and I tried Sunset Pizza last night after finding a Restaurant.com coupon we forgot we had.Great pizza and Tortellini. The service was exceptional. We will definitely be back.
1	Terrible pizza! Hard, strange, frozen(?) dough. Just awful. I ordered two square pizzas and threw them both away. I'll never be back. The cheese and toppings were fine, the service was good. The sauce was decent. But the dough was inexcusable. Just awful.
4	Ordered the special. 2 large pepperoni pizza for $23.  Added black olive to one and the other we added sausage and bacon.Crust had an amazing fluffy crunch to it that made me wanting more.  The topping were the right amount down to the cheese.  My kids loved it as well.  We also ordered the plain garlic knots which was delicious.  My two girls kept fighting over the melted garlic butter and chopped garlic.
5	I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it. The size of the food you get is a huge plus especially when added to the fact that the place has priced its stuff really well. Love the service. It's a pizza place! it really shouldn't be hard and so many places are just so badly done but Sunset is one place I love for its attentive costumer service, fast execution of orders and never an issue with anything. Been here 5 times and am now leaving a review because I feel that they deserve a shout out! As an added bonus, they accept BITCOIN! finally more businesses taking it!
4	Friendly service. Huge portions for our reasonably priced meal. No problems accommodating our party of 6. Our party had antipasta, wings, pizza & Stromboli. Everyone was happy with their meal. Would recommend.
1	***DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY***So.... Ordered a pizza online through Yelp at 6:50 on a Monday night. Email comes through, says it should take 45-60 minutes (which is cited on their website). Okay, seems a long time for a pizza, but it's delivery, whatever. Email from the third party eat24 comes through with the confirmation, says confirmed order time is 90 minutes.... Ok whatever. I should note, the pizza place is .8 miles from my location..... Yes, less than a mile. 90 minutes comes, I use the online app to message eat24 who follows up on my order... They say driver should be here 10-15 minutes. 15 minutes goes by, I message again. They said they would follow up to find out where in the world our order is. As she's following up, there is a knock on the door (ten minutes shy of two hours for a pizza less than a mile away). Pizza was completely cold, we had to microwave it. All the delivery person had to say was "sodas free". We pointed out it took nearly two hours, nothing was said by him and he left. I contacted eat24 again (btw eat 24 is amazing) I told them what happened and asked them to please reverse the tip I had paid for in advance online. (I usually am a pretty generous tipper, but this was simply the worst service I've had in a long time)Eat24 stated they'd have an account manager follow up with the location to vastly improve their service. And on top of it all.... Was not that impressed by the pizza. Hope this was a one off, but if it wasn't...... I would not suggest frequenting this place.
5	Logged on to Restaurant.com to find Sunset Pizzeria now accepts $25 vouchers for TAKE OUT! Nice. You pay $25 for a $37.50 voucher. You save quite a bit. If you don't know the difference between Stromboli has marinara sauce & Calzone has ricotta cheese.  They range from 9.79 to $10.99.  The portion sizes are NOT small.We ordered a Pepperoni Calzone added garlic, a Spinach Calzone NO onion & a Ham & cheese Calzone & Mozzarella Stick came to $38. We were craving a really greasy Calzone & I was floored at how beautiful these looked when we opened the box at home. I could not finish my Pepperoni Calzone even though I wanted to go back for MORE! We all saved ours for dinner LOL .  I took pictures before & after we ate.  It was loaded with Cheese & had Italian herbs & spices on top like it should.
5	I can say I was thoroughly impressed with my visit here to Sunset Pizzeria. I was doing an oil change down the street and pizza sounded good so I trekked up the block in 104 degree weather to come into this nice mom and & pops store. I ordered the Greek and Sunset slices. They were huge slices and the ingredients were all fresh and tasty. I was there to do some business as well and they offered to help me reheat the pizza since I got engrossed in my work. I would recommend this place to anyone trying to get some good local pizza!
4	I really loved the pizza here. They totally hit the soot! Its greasy but I mean if I was trying to eat healthy I wouldnt be eating pizza. Haha. Tye garlic cheese bread was delicious as well. Im sad they were out of cannolis when I went though. Only have 1 disappointment which was I bought the $20 for $10 on yelp. When I got there and paid im pretty sure they only discounted $10 so in reality I paid full price but I didnt mind the pizza was worth it and I should have noticed before I left. But I would definitely order from here again
4	We had a pleasant experience here! The pizza was delicious and had a really great crust. We also had some garlic knots which were delicious and gone too soon. The waitresses were really friendly and even paid special attention to our two small kids. We used a yelp deal and got the two pizza with one topping deal. I'm always a bit apprehensive when trying a new pizza place, but I was pleasantly surprised with this one.
5	So the owner sent me an email which he honored my coupon even though I was really okay with it. I felt like the firat time I tried this place and the discount was off that it was really my fault and as I said before the food was so good I didnt mind one bit. But still they gave me another discount so I decided to go on my break from work and  I bought a pizza and more garlic bread and brought it back to work I shared some with my coworkers and everyone was satisfied.  This will be the place we all order pizza from now on!!
4	We showed up right at closing time. They were so nice to stay open and accept my Restaurant.com certificate. We enjoyed a veggie pizza, meat Stromboli and a Chef's salad. All really good. Not great but good. But very considerate and thoughtful staff.
4	I've always enjoyed this place food is good not over prices always friendly. I recommend giving it a shot if looking for a pizza place
5	Great pizza for a very reasonable rate!Sunset Pizzeria has always provided delicious food and anytime there has even been a slight issue they've fixed the problem and made us happy :)I don't ask for perfection all the time, I just want the place to care about their customers, have a quality product, and fix any problems that arise.I definitely recommend stopping by if you're in the area and want some tasty pizza :)
1	Not only do they close at 9 PM but we were turned away at 8:45 PM.  I worked in the restaurant industry as a server during college and spent more nights than I care to remember staying late as someone walked in close to closing time and we always sat them and fed them.  We will not be back.
4	I thought the pizza was good and the teriyaki wings were also really tasty. There are a ton of local pizzerias in the area and I'd say this is a fairly decent one. Especially using the Yelp deal. You can't really beat $20 worth of food for $10. We will be back.
5	I went here for the first time this Friday night! It was really good! They should advertise their cheesesteaks because their cheesesteak meat is really good! I got the cheesesteak Stromboli and it was AMAZING! I suggest you should get their cheesesteak! I never had a pizza from here, but I assume they are also good! Check this place out!
2	Not the same place it used to be. No beer out, nothing special or friendly. Just another sad little strip mall pizza place. There are other places very close that are much better.
5	Great pizza and the garlic knots will not disappoint! Seriously though how did I just head about this place it's awesome! I will defiantly be coming back.
5	Great pizza!! Tried this place today for the first time. Friendly, clean restaurant. I will definitely go back, but next time it won't be for pick-up. It's the quaint little neighborhood place I've been looking for.
5	Very nice small place for outstanding pizza, the best I have had since I moved to Vegas from Europe. Everything is fresh and the taste is great! I will stop by again definitely for more! I recommend this place to everybody. If you you go there order the garlic nots as an appetizer they are really good!
1	Don't know what's going on here but the service and food used to be top notch - not so much anymore. Ordered two gluten free pizzas and a bucket of wings for pick up. I show up 15 minutes late and the pizzas aren't ready. So I wait 10 minutes and they go to box it up and one of the pizzas is MIA. I can see the staff looking for the second pizza and then I see one of the cooks pulling a GF pizza dough out to make the missing pie and I almost flip. You've got to be kidding, right?!? Now I'm supposed to wait another 20 minutes?!? No, don't think so. I told the staff to forget it, I'm done, credit me the missing pie and give me my food. I've got kids waiting at home. So they credit me $20 for the missing pie and a little extra for the wait. I was not happy but I guess I shouldn't have been surprised, this was the third time in a row they've messed up my order. To add insult to injury, the cost of a bucket of wings went from $22 to $34. I looked online at the Sunset website before ordering and learned upon arrival that 'Sunset Pizzeria' is now 'Rustica Pizzeria' with a new menu and new, higher prices. Diners be warned. Heads up to the pizzeria staff - while there is no expectation that a gluten free pizza served in a regular pizzeria is truly gluten free, once you've placed a gluten free crust on a wheat flour coated prep table you've completely contaminated the gluten free crust.
