3	McDonalds is an American fast food restaurant which is slowly gaining popularity in the Phoenix Metro area.  They serve hamburgers, french fries ... ok just kidding ... This is the McDonald's right by my house (btw, is Yelp! safe?) ... and the reason why it's being reviewed is because at lunch time the drive-thru is SUPER SPEEDY!  I drive by three McDonald's to get here and they all have ENORMOUS lines, but not this one!Big UPS!
2	This is the short bus of all McDonald's.Unfortunately after the economy bit it McD's decided they really didn't want most of the stores open 24 hours everyday and just left a couple of them in the Valley.  This is the one closest to my work but its not like the store locator on their website tells you that.One, there are ferociously long lines after bar close.  Hint, you might want to leave another location to the east and North open to help.  Like the one on Camelback or Indian School.  Two, if I come at say 3:45am I never know if they are serving breakfast or lunch at this location.  The schedule seems to be determined by how things are progressing in the lunar cycle.  Crack in the Box has figured out how to both simultaneously, why can't McDonald's?Three, they can't figure out how to clean their shake machine one side at a time or change when they clean it based on business volume or say overnight temps.  My thought is that if it is not going to go under 100 overnight they should maybe leave it on and clean it 7am.  If I am at loose ends at 3:45 am I may want a shake if its hot out, eh?Four, and this is the worst.  I have actually been sitting in line to pick up my food after ordering and listened to the window person chat about the morning news with the vehicle ahead of me.  This has happened more than once!  Are you freaking kidding me?  This is fast food not your local coffee shop.  Oh, wait.  Now they have McCafe so people are confused, right?
2	I only come here to get their 99 cent bags of ice that are advertised all over their outside windows. Unfortunately, out of 6 visits they have only had the bagged ice once. Why??? And offering me a large cup of ice for the same price is not gonna make me happy Mr. Manager. Just bag that ice up....
1	Slowest DRIVE THRU ever!!!! Also the quintessential SHORT BUS Location.I frequented this location around dinner time since it is the closest to my home a few times and every time it is between a 10-15 min ordeal. When i worked at Mickey D's in the early 90's we had what was called 90 sec HBO( Hand Bag Out), from order to picking up should be no longer than 90 secs. This must not be a practiced any longer.  I have to say hello when I drive up to the speaker due to getting no response. Then I get someone who is rude and say's yes. I order the big mac deal, buy 1, get 1 for a $1. The employee says they do not offer that, I advise their menu out front does. After 5 min of silence and cars backing up I pull fwd to make sure he is still living to see what is up. Total lack of cust serv service, he had to have the mgr show him how to ring it up, no apology or anything. This happened each time I went there. C'mon man
1	I've been to this McDonald's twice, one month apart, and I've had the same experience twice.The hash browns are gross. They taste like they've been fried in old, burned, rotted oil. This is the only McDonald's I've ever been to that's had foul tasting hash browns.Both times I've sat inside and both times I've overheard the same bitching several times over... .the manager having to continually tell a male employee (not kidding around), "stop being mean to the customers" and "be nice!"
1	It was a terrible experience in every possible way. The wait time in the drive thru lane was excessive, the order was incorrect, and the chicken was slimy and smelled like it was rotting. I haven't eaten McDonald in over a year before trying it again and I found it to be just as disgusting as the last time.
1	Bag was stolen by a store employee while I sat and listened to my iPad eating lunch. Caught on video, store manager and owner covering up the situation. Police are now involved and detective investigating the video. Store employee never reported anything to a manager and cleaned out my bag in a cleaning closet in the store. Homeless use this location as a sanitation station. Be prepared to be asked several times for money. Homeless change clothes right in the store.
1	Seriously my frappe was chocolate water disgusting!How hard is it to make a blended drink?Sorry but frappes are like my crack so don't mess that up.
1	Gonna wait next time a mcflurry craving hits... My mcflurry looked like there was only one Oreo mixed in and half of it was outside the cup. Got hounded for change coming and going, then a fight broke out in the Parking lot as we were leaving. Gotta remember not to return here ever! Yeesh! :-/
2	I asked for no onions and pickles but I might as well have asked for a punch in the mouth because I got neither.
1	Bad service. They were slow to give my order even though they were only a few customers that time. Also I spotted a few homeless guys just outside sitting. Not only that, the place isn't all that neat. Find a spots of dirt on the floor. If it weren't a request of my niece then I wouldn't have gone here.
1	I only went because I had a coupon for a free Bacon Clubhouse Burger which was as expected... blah.  With all the wonderful Non Fast Food places to get a burger these days (at a fairly competitive price) why ever choose fast fast food?  Really?  Why?I haven't been to McDonald's in about 5 or 6 years and no reason to ever go again.
