2	2 stars bcuz I like McDonald's no matter what but dang-- fast food does not equal bad customer service. We ordered big so naturally, you would think a big bag would be in order but no. carrying the bag into the house, it ripped. I ordered the #11 (Fish Filet) and it never fails that the fish is never centered on the bun. We asked for sweet & sour sauce n grabbing it out of the bag, my girlfriend found it to be open already! ick! :( bad experiences = less customers. Make sure everything is in order before you leave.
1	This McDonalds is right next to my house, while I like the convenience, I have had numerous bad experiences with wait time during the late night drive thru only hours. This last time the guy in front of me waited  10+ minutes for whatever her ordered, then when I pulled up I had to wait 10+ minutes for my 2 Egg McMuffins. I knocked on the window and asked for a refund as I was tired of waiting, the girl who was doodling got rude with me and told me its late night and they just started there late night breakfast at 12am...It was 2am. Another girl heard the convo and brought over my "warm" egg McMuffins and I left. This is actually the only place I have EVER written a corporation about for bad service.  I won't ever be going back there. Rather drive down to Jack n the Box on Craig.To McDonalds credit, they called me and apologized and said they would look into it. So I shall just find other McDonalds to go to when in the mood.
5	This location is the business. Dude in the drive thru was rapping my order and was cool as heck.
1	Normally I would not go to a fast food restaurant and I have different tastes however I decided to try McDonald's on Ann Road. The gentleman who took my order was very polite and got the order 100% correct. When I got to my worksite I had determined that the chicken nuggets that I ordered were cold. My work site with less than a quarter of a mile from this McDonald's and there is no reason for the nuggets to be that cold that quick. I did try several of them and all of them tasted as it had been sitting out for a while and were not fresh. I ended up throwing out all of the food that I lost my appetite due to the taste of the nugget. I am relatively sure that this is because it's the graveyard shift and is only two employees inside that McDonald's. I will not be going back to that Restaurants in the near future.
5	I've been going to this McDonald's for a few years now, they have fast service and good prices. The sweet tea is great and if they do mess up your order they will correct it with no hassles
