5	I am madly in love with with this location. I highly suggest this location. #nomnomnom The food here is delicious. Love this atmosphere.
5	Make sure to stop by this place if you're craving Japanese Tapas. You won't be disappointed. Try the Kara Age!
5	Just opened! I ordered the shoyu ramen and it was great. Was able to eat it several things off the menu even though im allergic to seafood. Excellent service and very reasonable prices. Must try!
5	Izakaya Go (Pronounced "Is-A-ka-ya") is located in the same plaza right next to Krung Siam in Chinatown. I was lucky enough to have dinner here on Grand opening night even though it was packed and busy. The first thing you notice once you step inside is how well decorated the restaurant is. It just feels very welcoming and comfortable. The menu (sitting on the wall on strips of wood written in Japanese) brings a nostalgic feeling in me as I lived in Japan for almost 3 years.Once seated on our table. We proceeded to order a vast variety of appetizers and entrees. Izakaya Go specializes in small dishes called tapas similar to what Ichiza offers. We started off with the Miso soup and Edamame (the staple starters in Japanese meals) the Miso soup tasted great and was authentic and the Edamame was a good snack. Then came the Kara Age "KAH-rah-AH-geh" which is a Japanese style fried chicken. It is traditionally marinated in soy sauce, ginger, and garlic. I would highly recommend the Kara Age here as it was a perfect balance between flavor, texture and richness.We ordered the Crunch roll, California roll, Spicy tuna roll, Spicy tuna crackers, Tempura Platter, and Chicken Yakisoba. Everyone loved every dish that came out of the kitchen. The Chicken Yakisoba was one of the best versions of Yakisoba I've ever had. The quality of food is what I would expect as the head chef here has over 20 years experience as a chef from Kyoto Japan.If you're in the mood for Japanese food, don't hesitate to give Izakaya Go a try. Once they acquire their liquor license (in process), they will be open late as well.
5	I consider myself a sushi snob, and I am definitely a fan of this place.  Not your traditional sushi place, they have tapas-style plates and exotic Japanese dishes you normally don't see at a Japanese resturant.  I tried a few things on the menu: spicy tuna rice cracker was amazing!  Also tried the white fish tempura - it was super delicious.  I loved the tempura batter; it was seasoned nicely and was crisp and light. The chicken Karaage was tender on the inside and crunchy outside. The sashimi was high quality, the fish selection fresh and buttery. I'm definitely be back for more!
5	This place is absolutely Delicious! The ramen burger and super crunch burrito were so flavorful. I would come back.
5	This place had fantastic "melt in your mouth" tuna sashimi... The slices of sashimi could be cut a little thinner.    I had a delicious salad. They have clams, in a broth, that is amazing. We ordered about 14 items off the menu and it was all delicious. The portions are a nice size for tapas. The decor was very elegant. I enjoyed my experience at Izakaya Go.  Let's get Lil Soya in Izakaya Go!!
5	The food is delicious! Also the ramen noodle spicy level is just delicious! It's a good place to go with friends and chill. Good music.
5	Wow! Thanks a lot for this food experience. Everything was on point and pricing is more than fair!
5	I think I found my place!I accidentally found this new restaurant, but I'm in love!They have the deep chicken cartilage which sounds gross, but in Japan this dish is super popular to go along with some alcohol. There are many popular AUTHENTIC Japanese tapas at this restaurant which I am excited for! There are tons of knock off Japanese dishes at other "Japanese" restaurants in Vegas, but this place is the way to go. The decor and the set up of this restaurant is pretty cool too. Old school Japanese Izakaya environment forsureee. They said they haven't got the liquor license yet, but I'm thrilled to see how this business will turn out like! I hope not TOO busy so I can enjoy my dinner here and there from now on ;)
5	2015 is undoubtedly gonna be the year of Battle Izakaya (Las Vegas edition).But seriously, the quality and execution of the dinner items I tried overall was superior to that other established Izakaya restaurant down the street.  The price point is also more consumer friendly.The lunch menu was okay. But I didn't get to try the ramen noodles, which from the pictures look like they too are on point. The Ramen Burger that I ordered was a bit of a mess to eat, but I managed to keep my hands clean by donning a pair of latex gloves. However, the big pieces of raw green onions should be grilled or left out entirely. The fried egg with the runny yolk center enhanced the burger. The seasoned fries was pretty good, but I normally skip the fries (I try to save those calories for other stuff like matcha cheesecake or Thai Iced Tea).The Poki "Burrito" was decent. The portion is bigger then your typical sushi rolls, and instead of tortilla a sheet of nori seaweed with rice help contained all the ingredients in an easy & no mess format ideal for on the go consumption.Their GO Curry menu is good too. I ordered it with Pork Cutlet, and the curry was good but with maybe just a 1 on the spiciness scale.  I have not asked, if there is an option to make it spicier for those that are into the burning mouth game.For dinner, we ordered the Teriyaki Chicken Plate, which I thought was a great value and was delicious. My fav Asian friend gave her thumbs up approval.  In spite of initial hesitation, she also enjoyed the Grilled Miso Marinated Alaskan Black Cod. The Chicken Kara-Age was decent, as well as the Geso (Baby Octopus) Tempura. But the star of the evening was the Uni Chawan Mushi. Seriously good.Service was good, especially considering that they have just barely opened.  But I have not been there yet when the restaurant was packed and the servers are truly tested.Overall,4.5 stars!
5	Just found my new favorite Japanese restaurant!In Vegas there's so many  so called Japanese restaurants and their main attraction is sushi, not Izakaya Go. There's so much selection, that I'll definitely be going back and back again to try them all! Salmon and Tuna Sashimi: One word. FRESH! Presentation is on point too.Kara Age: fried chicken here is delicious! Cooked perfectly.White fish tempura: Japanese friend of mine recommended it to me. If I was by myself I would have never ordered it. So good, the fish is so light and fluffy. My favorite so far.Beef carpaccio: it is slightly cooked, not entirely raw. This too is delicious, the slight crunch gives it so much texture that you have to have more.Enoki with butter: another dish that was recommended to me by my friend. And am glad I tried it. I've never had enoki before, it does have the mushroom consistency we all know, but it is a bit chewier than I expected. The richness of the butter and the chewiness of the enoki go hand in hand.Yaki Soba: by the time the dish came I was so full from all the rest! The noodles were cooked great, and has nice flavors.Black sesame mochi: I've never had black sesame flavored mochi before and had to try. It was delicious! It was sweet with little sesame seeds inside. I loved it.Presentation: all the foods are pretty to look at. The beef carpaccio looked like a work of art! The chef makes sure it looks good, as well as taste good.Service: service is excellent. If one of my waitresses was busy with someone, another waitress made sure we were ok. Drinks were constantly refilled, and our waitress' sometimes stayed and chit chatted. Chef: I spoke with the owner and he said their chef has 10 years experience in Kyoto! This food here is as authentic as they come!
4	My coworker and I were planning on going to a restaurant in the same shopping center and saw this place had newly opened and decided to try something new. The menu is pretty interesting and I am interested in going back later and trying one of their burgers. I wasn't in a burger mood this time so I tried a one of the combination platters with grilled salmon teriyaki. I can be a salmon snob so the first bite is everything. If I get the hint of fishiness it is going back. But, I was super happy to note that there was not a hint of fishiness. For 9.95 the Combo plates are massive and have a lot of food, could not even come close to eating it all. In the end it was very good. My coworker got the curry and enjoyed it. In order to get a five star review a place has to really wow me, and this place did not. But it was very good and we will return.
5	Good food. Good service. We enjoyed our lunch of 8 people in the group. I liked the Ramen and beef teriyaki.
5	This place beats allllllll ramen places in Houston, tx. Lol not only was the ramen delicious but their service was incredible! They were all incredibly nice. After asking them what their favorite ramen was and failing to have the full ingredients our waitress AND the chef apologized. Lol it was so unnecessary but still a kind gesture. The whole outlook of the place was nice also. I wish we could have a place like this in Houston
2	Izakaya Go was a huge let down.  I went for lunch the opening week and got the salmon teriyaki lunch.  It came with your standard miso soup, salad, rice, soft tofu, and creamy potato side dish.  The food itself was good and what you would expect from a Japanese restaurant, but the long wait killed it... not on it's own.  The long wait to order, to get tea, for the food to come out, and then needing to ask for a spoon for the miso soup.  I understand this was opening week and some kinks were probably being worked out so I decided I should come back during dinner to see the full tapas menu and give it another shot. That day and the next they were doing 50% off the bill so the next day at dinner I recruited a friend to check out the tapas menu with me.  It was more of the same regarding service, despite having more than one server interact with us throughout the experience. This happened the previous day.  The other funny thing was the same primary server who tended to us at dinner was also the one who was taking care of me at lunch the previous day.  I understand when it's stupid busy and a lot of people are coming through, you can't remember everyone, but she didn't recognize me from the previous day even though she invited me back to check out this particular menu, and the place was never packed the both times I happened to be in.The dinner menu is large and easy to get lost in, we got the chicken yakisoba which was great, the halibut roll, a couple other dishes that weren't memorable, my friend wanted the bacon asparagus dish, which had a hair in it.  We let the server know just so they could make the kitchen aware.  They apologized and offered us ice cream.  Overall the decor is very traditional and I can tell a lot of thought and care went into it.  The staff is friendly and I feel like they're trying but there has to be some disconnect between the front and back of the house.  The food was good but was coming out very slowly and sporadically, I think that's related to the previous statement. Oh and they have been picking the weirdest Pandora channels for music, it was mostly some super slow r&b and a couple Pandora ads. Some people might find it petty for me to mention it, but I noticed it and kind of found it entertaining.   I'm not sure if or when I'll try this place again because I feel like I got burned back to back, especially with the other reviews being so enthusiastic about this place.  Maybe I had bad luck both times?  I'll give it some time before taking another shot here, there are so many options explore in Chinatown alone, and all around Vegas.
5	My new favorite Japanese restaurant! Izakaya Go is located on Spring Mt. and Valley View, same plaza as Krung Siam and Kuma Snow Cream. ATMOSPHERECame here around 7:30PM on a Saturday night, this place was slow. Walked in and was greeted by some friendly workers. I was very impressed by the decor/ambiance inside. I have been to Izakaya in Japan and this place has that authentic Izakaya feel: Cozy, warm and welcoming. Comfortable cushions on the wooden bench, lighting and overall atmosphere was fantastic.SERVICEOur server was helpful and gave some great suggestions. After getting our food, we were constantly checked by multiple workers there asking if we need more water, how the food is, etc. They are very attentive and friendly!FOODThey have small dishes, sushi, noddle, rice bowls, etc. I decided to try one of the combination plate which came with cold tofu, miso soup, rice, salad, hijiki, takuan, potato salad and main dish of choice. I decided to go with Karaage combination plate. Karaage was crispy and flavorful! Came with a piece of lemon and mayonnaise as a sauce. My friend got a ginger pork combination plate which was flavorful as well. I appreciated the fact that all the small dishes that came on the side were all healthy and light. I also liked the miso soup here. Most places just serves the soup but miso soup here came with seaweed and tofu inside-exactly the way I like my miso soup except the soup was a bit on the saltier side. In addition, I enjoyed their creamy potato salad. It's not your typical sweet potato salad. Potato salad served here tasted like the one my grandmother used to make. I couldn't believe how good it was, yum!CONCLUSIONHonestly, Izakaya Go is as good as it gets. I was impressed by their atmosphere, service and food. Def coming back for more!
5	Yo!! "Ichiban" (numero uno, haha) was my first impression!!Why?!?!?  Because there was Japanese staff and cooks, plus Japanese people eating there, so I told myself "self, Let's do this! I sat at the bar & the table next to me just got served a grilled saba (mackerel) dinner. Told waitress I want that and then the dude next to me was "choppin" in this frickin badass Ramen that look awesome (I'll try it tomorrow) but his fried rice look scrumptious so I ordered that too!! Food came out perfectly just in time to finish this report and "MOP-UP" this great ONO-Oishi" Japanese grinds. "Mahalo-Gosaimas"I really like and gave it 5 chop sticks!!
5	Legit Japanese food!! Good food, great service, what more can you ask for! Love their torinankotsu, goes GREAT with beer!
4	This is one of the few places that is actually ran by people that speak and can cook a decent Japanese meal. The fish is very fresh and they have real Wasabi, not the fake tube crap they all other places serve. So when you mix it in, hold on to your taste buds. The ramen is also a nice treat. The service is very prompt and highly friendly. The only thing that I am sure will be fixed shortly is that they don't have their liquor license. Otherwise I would give them 5 stars. I do miss my sake.
4	I've got izakaya fever and the only cure is... more Japanese tapas!Heads up that the lunch menu is more casual fusion fare (sushi burritos, for example) while the dinner menu is mostly authentic dishes, with a great board of specials- handily posted over each table for your drooling convenience.As staples, I'd order the UNI CHAWAN MUSHI ($7)- delicate egg custard dish with uni and mushrooms, served in the cutest French china pot, which was second only to a phenomenal MUSHROOM PORRIDGE with egg (back page of menu by the rice bowls)- it's saucy and carby and comforting and flavorful all at once.  Not to mention packed with mushrooms.  Other favorite dishes include the CRISPY TUNA CRACKER, which manages to be both spicy and crispy without being too spicy or too crispy. The TEMPURA WHITE FISH ($6) is divine- I'd order several for the table, the flavorful, flakey fish goes fast. If it's on the specials menu, I'd consider the TUNA BELLY STEAK ($12) a must-order; the dipping sauce and perfectly-cooked interior make for an orgasmic bite.I did not originally plan on ordering sushi here, but was easily persuaded to try their sashimi specials- and the freshness of their fish rivals the top-ranked places in town. I also really enjoyed some of their simpler rolls, like the salmon and avocado- that section of the menu isn't too large and consists mostly of classic combinations.Heads up that orders may take a while if there are several large groups- it's a small place with a small kitchen. I would like to suggest that they NOT use the first table inside the door for groups, as squeezing my butt past someone's face is NOT my idea of a good start to my meal- nor one I would want to experience.
