3	This Quizno's is tucked away in a shopping center at the corner of Monroe and Sardis Rd. North.  Seems like a lot of the businesses in this shopping center are struggling... some have already closed, but the normal chains (McDonalds and FedEx Office) are still open and strong.Since there is a lack of businesses that are open, the parking lot is pretty free and clear.  Makes it seem a little lonely but at least you aren't battling anyone for spaces or cursing the parking lot designer for the poor design.There are a few tables inside and they were kept clean.  The service line seemed a bit slow since there were only 2 people working but it seems like the franchise owner was working the register.  He knew people that came in (as regulars) and was pretty friendly.  Made a decent sandwich and my stomach was satisfied by the toasted sub.
2	We went here for lunch last week. The place is very small, cramped. They only have like 4 little tables that seat two people and one that sits four. The place was completely packed as it was lunch hour in the Galleria area. Service was slow and kinda confusing.They were out of several items, specifically, cilantro, which was one of the main ingredients in Becky's sub. The problem wasn't that they were out, but that they failed to tell her this until the sub was in mid-production.Mine was fine as far as production and taste but for a toasted sub, it was barely warm.Not that this is their fault, as they only serve it, but stay away from the Honey Lemonade they have. It's disgusting.The place was fairly clean and well stocked and organized. The staff were friendly. The two main sandwich guys spoke very little English so I had to repeat my order a couple of times to confused looks. To boot, they sandwich guys spoke different languages from each other so you can tell there was some confusion and even a little bickering back and forth. Not major, but noticeable.Not awful, but they can improve.
1	If it was possible to give no stars.. I would. Have been here several times and am always greeted by the same drone, miserable looking faces of the employees, one of which I think is the franchise owner. We weren't greeted when we entered, then the sandwich maker spoke so little to us you would think it was the worst thing she could possibly doing serving us. No conversation with either employees the entire time there, although not due to lack of effort on our part. We were just simply ignored. Maybe it was because we were the only ones inside the store at the time. But wouldn't that be the best opportunity to speak to your customers? Maybe I'm just crazy but all in all it was a terrible experience but I wasn't surprised. We had actually dreaded going there in first place due the crappy service in the past but it was a craving I couldn't deny. Sat down to very pathetic sandwich with only about 3 slices of meat on each half. Really? For almost 10 dollars? It was a joke. I will never be returning to this franchise again.
