2	Blah... I really don't know why I keep going to Panda. Maybe its my undying love for chinese food? Maybe its because its quick and convenient? Maybe I'm crazy?Still yet to have anything more than an average experience at any Panda Express location yet I keep going. But I need to feed my cravings for chinese food in between jobs and this is the quickest and easiest way to do that without dropping too much money on the strip.Food never seems to be hot and its average tasting at best. Yesterday I had the usual 2 item combo. This time I ordered chow mein as my side, chicken and green beans as option 1 and beef and broccoli as option 2. The chicken and green beans was flavorful but not hot enough. The beef was good but the broccoli was terrible.Pluses for this location are its easily accessible and right across the street from Mandalay Bay. Its clean and the lady behind the counter was nice and gave me good size portions. Plenty of seating indoors and out.Wish I could say I wouldn't go back but sometimes you do what you have to do. Chinese food why do I love you so much?!
4	Sorry to be a chain lover but i think Panda is awesome. yes it's not the most authentic thing around but it's tasty and if you pick the right dishes fairly healthy too.Also the PE here is just a little more pricey then a PE outside of Vegas so that means it's very affordable if you get tired of BS Las Vegas prices for mediocre food.
2	i'm a fan of Panda Express but I gotta say this spot did not do it for me.  My orange chicken and beef and broccoli tasted mediocre compared to the many many other Panda's I've gone to (and I've been to my fair share!).  The workers were less than enthusiastic and were not generous with their portions.
3	I work in the area so have eaten at this location numerous times.The location is right across from the Mandalay Bay so due to it's proximity to major hotels it's often very busy which means a longer wait then other fast food joints off the strip.The staff do their job. Nothing more nothing less. And like most Panda's the food is edible. Nothing spectacular here.
2	Worst Panda I have ever been to!Worst staff and management of any fast food restaurant ever!  (I am just too lazy to call corporate and complain, but they just have no clue what they are doing.)First, up charge on everything. Felt like a typical Vegas scam - but all of the food was an additional fee. Then, soda machine was out, informed staff and was told they would fix it. I sat, I waited, I sat, I waited, I sat, I asked, then waited some more. Then eventually the "manager" came out. I assume she was the manager, she had no name tag on, but she was wearing a different color tee-shirt. She said, oh, nothing is wrong with them, we checked it ten minutes ago. ???? What was I waiting for. I asked for a refund of my soda - she did, minus the tax ... she said oh, that is only $.02 - actually, I think it was $.12 - but not the point. Don't you refund it by entering it in the register? Strange ... and then, I commented my food was ice cold at this point. Told her I did not want any of it, she offered to bring over fresh food. Few minutes later, she brought me half of the order, and I waited another 10 minutes for the rest. Time for a training class in customer service 101.
2	The only good thing I witnessed here was the fact that my food they brought out to me  (they were out on the line) was hot and the young girl who rung me out was very nice.The bathroom almost made me hurl and the floors/furniture was dirty. If you visit this one, use the bathroom before you go and bring hand sanitizer!
4	I really like Panda express. Some of their dishes have 450 to 500 calories per serving, but others have a much healthier alternative. Chicken with green beans, mushroom chicken, teriyaki chicken have 250 calories. Substitute your noodles or rice for steamed veggies or half of veggies and half another choice.This particular place has quick service, the place is clean and the flavors are reliable. One of my favorite fast food places.Jocelyn was the person helping us and she was bubbly, happy, talkative and was really great to deal with. A+ for her service!Parking can be hard to find since it's on the boulevard and in a busy area, but most people are walking in this area.
