1	Was there opening Saturday and the following Tuesday. The worst part about it was being accosted by a gang of teenagers trying to sell their rap album to me. Can't I shop with my children without being pestered to buy your rap album? I politely told a security guard I about the incident and he approached them in his segway and started laughing with them and they proceeded to heckle more shoppers to buy their rap cd. It will be a while until I give this place another chance. I don't see any real bargins. Example: Guardians of the Galaxy Rocket Raccoon Toy $9.99 at Walmart, Toys "R Us and Target is $15.99 at the outlet Toy shop. Sak's off Fifth has a decent selection, but nothing too impressive. I'd rather drive over to Nordstrom. Parking system is poorly planned. Mall is not complete so I'll give it a pass here. Hopefully once the surrounding area builds out things will improve. Food court not finished. By the way, Chick fil A should be ashamed of themselves for selling a 8 oz coke for $2.00.
4	Finally!!! An outlet mall on the other side of town! I'm definitely happy to see it! It was the opening weekend so of course there were plenty of sales, discounts and happy associates ready to offer this assistance. I enjoyed waking through and thought that the store layout was pretty cool! They have a lot of great stores including Nine West, Banana Republic, Michael Kors, Ann Taylor, Nike and Old Navy just to name a few! I think that for many people this could turn into their "go-to" one stop shop! I wish they had a few more food options but they are still building so I'm sure that coming in the not so distant future! And parking is a little crazy but what else would you expect from an outlet mall?!Yep. I'm a fan. I'm already looking forward to going back!
4	nice outlet stores with all the favorites like michael kors, coach, saks fifth, haggar, children's place and more!!!!
3	This outlet is definitely needed on this side of town but they may have rushed the opening.  Who opens an outlet with food trucka. I'll try back when the real food stores open but the location looks vibrate. There are a lot of stores to shop at but not sure there are reallly bargains.
4	Yay! I don't have to travel to Gaffney!I was actually there opening weekend ( cray, I know) and I was really satisfied with the selection of shops! It's got all my favs, so I'm sure you'll find me here once all the hype dies down. Keep in mind, there's room for improvement and I'm sure more stores will pop up here and there! However, it's nice to have an alternative to club ratchet (Concord Mills) that's *actually* an outlet center! Plus, it's super close to my house, all but eliminating my need to travel to Gaffney, Mebane, or Concord Mills (unless I'm on a shopping mission for an epic deal)!Finally, the shopping gods have smiled upon me! Happy shopping!
3	So, with the news of an outlet mall opening in Charlotte I was thrilled.  Living in Los Angeles and visiting Orlando's amazing outlet malls I was looking forward to checking it out.  I decided to take the drive, which isn't too far from me, early on Sunday morning.  The outlet mall opens at 10 on Sundays so a good time to go, before the afternoon crowd.  I arrived a little after 10 and the parking lot was beginning to fill up. However, I did not a lot of "C", compact, spots that too be honest are quite small.  And, the parking lot layout was a little off.  Needless to say I parked and ventured toward the mall.  I had a few places I wanted to check out, but also wanted to get an idea of how things were laid out. Unfortunately I found the layout very confusing.  And, as for the stores I was excited to check out, the sales did not seem as impressive as I would have thought for an outlet mall.  However, there is a great variety of stores, for items from shoes, kitchens, clothes, accessories, etc.  Unfortunately by noon I was a little hungry and the "Market", food court, is non-existent. There are only two places as of this past week, a Chinese and a Hibachi..yes, the same type of food right next to one another.  Not interested so I decided to grab a drink and head out shortly after.  The crowds started coming around 12:30ish...I definitely will give them time to get things finalized and head back.  Overall, nothing to write home about at this time.
3	Come early, covers up fast on weekends.Just open a few weeks -- with basically none of the food court open, with the exception of a couple Asian fronts -- this is a well-conceived "outlet" mall with a couple actual outlet bargain bins. The Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH is certainly a bargain hunters spot, as is the Brooks Brothers, if you sure of what you are looking for and at what price. Max digging is somewhat weather dependent as only about two-thirds of this open-air mall is covered completely from rain, etc. But once it and the adjacent parcels are fully built-out, could be quite the draw.
3	It's an outlet mall, but wow is it poorly designed.  An outdoor floor plan and parking lot both with little shade in heart of the Carolinas where it's in the 90s for almost half of the year?  The parking is very limited; there just are not enough spaces (2000 for 100 stores?).  Wait until the holidays because this is going to be mess.  There are only two restaurants in the "food court" now open. That does not count the Chk-fil-a selling $5 tiny chicken sandwiches and 12 ounce Cokes for $2 when 20 ounces of the latter can be found cheaper in the machine or food court restaurants.  You are a table with one employee; you have no overhead so you are ripping people off.Some of the stores have real outlet deals; others not.  I found a pair of jeans in my size (36x36) which is very difficult to find at Eddie Bauer for $23.  That was a pretty good deal.  Many of the other stores seem to be selling stuff at regular retail prices.  I will say some of the Labor Day sales were good; others not so much - $25 off of $250 at Tommy Hilfiger?  Pass.It's nice to have in the area but I don;t think I will return regularly.
3	I have been to a couple of these "Premium Outlet" locations and they're pretty much the same here in Charlotte as they are in Gaffney SC, San Marcos TX, Lebanon TN and Williamsburg VA. It's an outdoor shopping mall with some cover in some places but mostly exposed to the elements. Same shops here as in others, too.Because this one is still new, it's very busy even on a weekday. And therefore it is a good thing that they have an ocean of parking as my walk from the space I was able to find to the retail was a pretty good walk.
3	Pretty good, they need some more stores and better sales and or prices but its getting there. Since it is brand new I am sure they will take some time to get it all right. Tip: if you have AAA stop and get a discount paper to save a bundle. I found out after and could have saved 30.00 in total . A young worker at sacks told me. Thanks
4	Kate Spade, Michael Kors, and Under Armour are my favs here. There are plenty of of others but these are my go to stores. Nike is disappointing because they do not really have any markdowns, on anything! Express is ok...Banana Republic doesn't have much (at least not when I've been there). But if you need to do some shopping go check it out, there are some good deals there!
3	This outlet actually has a lot of stores that I typically don't see at an outlet. Things like Express, Jos A Banks, Cole Haan and others. The deals were really just ok. Nothing really spectacular but at least the tax rate here is cheaper versus back home in Los Angeles. I was extremely disappointed in the dining options as there was only 2 available restaurants and both were Asian which I thought was kind of strange. You can probably finish going to all of the stores really quickly.
4	I hauled my mother along with me to visit the outlets, arriving at 10 am on a Friday (CMS schools were out, and it was Halloween - I thought this was going to be poor planning on my part, but it turned out okay).  With the early arrival time during the work-week, I easily found a parking spot at the end of a row near Old Navy.  Be warned - the parking lot was designed by Helen Keller and there are WAY too many C (compact) parking spots.  Some of the compact cars we saw when leaving were a Navigator, a Sequoia, an Expedition and several full size sedans.  Stop with the damn compact parking.  (I know, I know... I work for an arch firm, parking spot quotas and whatnot, but STAHHHHP).Food Court is bleh.  And there is nothing really close to the outlets to eat.  Eat before or after, or know that you will need to get a cookie at the cookie joint and a coffee from Starbucks to snack on.  The Starbucks is not it's own store, it's more of an overgrown coffee stand/building in the middle of the walkway.  You're going to be standing in line outside and you have to keep moving.As a chubby gal, I was happy to see the Old Navy.  Torrid (the big and tall whore store) is also located here, but everything was black and goth'y (I am fat, but I still like to wear colors).  They had great purse deals at the Kate Spade and Coach, though the folks at the Coach were stalking and I can't stand that.  Greet me when I come in and then leave me alone.  Outer wear was well priced at Eddie Bauer, as was the clearance section.  Yankee Candle had the large jars 4 for $44 (be aware that this is truly the outlet for YC - you typically won't find the same scents that they have in the stores/online, though some were stocked).  I was a little disappointed that the GH Bass store had mostly boots, but 'tis the season.Like Bruce K. said, if you have ever been to a Simon/Premium Outlet, you know what to expect.  This is very similar to the outlets that I have visited in Charleston in design and retailers.  A nice addition to the Charlotte area, and I will definitely return (at 10 am on Sundays or after the first of the year - I wouldn't come here during the holidays unless forced at gunpoint - it's going to be a shitshow).
4	Really liked this outlet. It had great deals in some stores, not in others. Exactly what you would expect from outlets.The food options were very limited so I was a little disappointed. Don't get too hungry here, it might not work out. Also, they did not have a Ralph Lauren store which upsets me personally, i love catching good deals on their sweaters when possible. Overall, definitely worth the visit. Coach store always has something good!
3	If there was some sort of Swiss standard of an outlet mall, like some sort of platonic concept of an outlet mall, this would be it.  It just shoots a bit low for my taste.The Charlotte Premium Outlets is a new outlet mall, meaning it has a lot going for it - clean amenities, a convenient location, newer stores, etc.  It's not huge (and nowhere near the size of, for example, Arundel Mills), but it's reasonably sized for the area and roughly the size of the Gaffney Premium Outlets.  The stores here leave a bit to be desired.  There's J.Crew, Brooks, and a few shoe retailers like Johnston and Murphy and Clarks, but all carry cheaper versions of their brands that, in sum, are far from exciting and were often visibly inferior.  Some locations (Eddie Bauer) were completely useless and embarrassing, whereas others (Old Navy Outlet) just seemed to be needless.  While this isn't the Charlotte Premium Outlets' problem per se, it did lend to a feeling that I wasn't getting a true deal - rather, there was just a bunch of smoke and mirrors.  Other outlet malls - Gaffney being an example - somehow never lent that impression.All the same, this is convenient and may be worth a look, depending on your budget and needs.
3	Charlotte Premium Outlets really delivers on the outlet shopping part. It is an outdoor setup similar to the other Premium Outlet locations. The store selection is good and the layout was fine. My biggest problem was the parking lot. It was a nightmare to navigate and there were a ton of pissed off shoppers trying to get in and out.
3	I visited the stores a lot doing Christmas shopping.  Not much for men unless your fine with full price or seconds. Ladies selection is better. Food court is disappointing. 2 Chinese places was it. I will review some stores individually. With no weather protection you may want to avoid this place in winter or summer.
5	Very pleased with this outlet! Lots of awesome stores (my faves: Kate Spade, Puma, Coach, Old Navy, Fossil, Le Creuset, & Lucky) & plenty of parking. Also, easy in & out off 485. Personally, I like this place much better than Concord Mills. The layout is nice & open, so you don't feel so crowded with other shoppers. As another reviewer mentioned, food options aren't plentiful, but they are building up around the mall.
4	Up date. Charlie's philly steaks has now opened. Food looked good. Priced better than Ho Chi Min. The fries can be dressed in all kinds of stuff.
