5	This is the same place as the hole in the wall on Lake Mead Parkway which is a bit of a Vegas tradition.The owner Joe, is from Chicago and and has that 'down to earth' attitude that they are famous for.  If your a little insecure or a pretentious type, the personality can be a little in your face (but hell why you getting hot dogs then?) - For me that is what made the first location so great - you try to be a wiseguy and you get schooled in how to do it.  The location is just next to Starbucks and across the road from 24 Hour Fitness on Maryland.  Very nice and clean inside, with plenty of tables and chairs.  I asked what was the protein content of the dogs since I was after a meal after a workout and was told "hey Chicago dogs are all meat, the best you can get' and called a name I am sure in the Chicago tradition was a term of endearment.Very reasonable prices and the food tastes great, but for me as a visitor from overseas the best part is the attitude which is right out of a mob movie.  Some might find this a little too much but a place that has good food, at good prices AND a personality is worth the trip across town to expereince
3	Not bad for Vegas but any one from Chicago will tell you the bread is wrong fix that and you got a great sandwich
2	Hope they're just having growing pains. Went in today the food was OK not as good as I remembered at the other location. The sodas in the fountain were flat and when I told the guy at the counter he mumbled something about "I'll call them about it" Wasnt overly impressed. Will try again maybe they were just having a bad dayOK so I went by there yesterday and there was a lock and a 5 day pay rent or vacate notice. I guess their customer service got to them
1	Just ordered 2 hot dogs and they were cold.  No refunds which is fine so won't be back and will pass on the bad news
4	TERRIFIC CHILI FRIES!!! Not too soggy, they were generous with the chili as well. The dogs are well priced & the service is absolutely genuine. I can't leave without leaving atleast a few dollars in their tip jar. Needless to say, my boyfriend & I will become regulars at this establishment.
1	You would think that a place called Hot Dog Heaven would have super duper fantastic hot dogs.  Sadly no.  I've had better hot dogs from my microwave.  Nuff said.
5	Best "dogs" in town. You need to try the Italian Beef. Worth the trip!
3	I was so excited (and waited ever so impatiently) for this location to open as I love the Lake Mead Pkwy one. But alas, it's just not the same.Sure, the food is technically the same - it's one of the best Chicago dogs in Vegas. But this immaculate strip mall location lacks the charm of the little Lake Mead Pkwy hut.There's just something about ordering your hot dog at a walk-up window and eating it outside that adds to the flavor and overall experience.The staff at this location, though, are just a nice as the Lake Mead one. They've truly gone above and beyond each time I've eaten here.
1	As a frequent visitor to the Lake Mead Pkwy hut I was excited that they had finally opened another location.  I arrived at 3:40pm yesterday and found new winter hours on door stating they close at 4pm.  I knocked on the window and the guy counting his drawer wouldnt look up to acknowledge me.  Why close early?  It isnt going to do anything but piss people off and you need to sell every hotdog you can to meet expenses.  I bet they close this location not sure why they dont open other huts with less overhead?  Based upon this experience and other reviews; I will just make the trip to the hut.
5	The food is great, especially the italian beef. It is the characters behind the counter that make the experience complete. If you are overly sensitive and are wound around the axle with customer service, you are going to have a bad time. Too bad this location is closed. They still have the hut over on Lake Near though.
1	This place is now CLOSED AND GONE!  I'm sad because i actually liked this place
1	CLOSED ONE MONTH AFTER OPENING.I dont know what.happened to this place but.only one month after they opened, there was an eviction notice on the door.
