4	I was looking to get my fix after the workout this morning.You know, a little something I could pop to ease the pain, perk me up, restore the flow...a coney island hot dog:)I headed for Joan's Cafe Kitchen...but my coney island dealer isn't on the corner anymore(:Joan has retired, sold out and moved on to greener pastures (well, I don't know about the greener pastures part, but the sweet people working at Cafe Villaggio told me the rest:)Cafe Villaggio, has popped up in Joan's old spot and it is a breakfast/brunch/lunch/panini/sandwich bar place (WOW, did I get tired of typing all those slashes:)Happily, Cafe Villaggio sells a "chili dog" that is suspiciously close to the coney that Joan's used to make on Saturdays...but here's the kicker...Cafe Villaggio will sell you a "chili dog" any day of the week!I don't know why they call it "chili dog"...there isn't a bean within 1000 yards of these things...the coney...I mean "chili" sauce is all beef and thick...a little sweetness, but savory, all the same...heavy with cumin and a little garlic and some cayenne for zip-a-dee-doo-dah:). The hot dogs are all beef, steamed and served on a steamed poppy seed bun, with all the standard coney island accouterments:)It is a coney island in everything but name...and maybe that's a good thing. Maybe they don't want this "coney" thing bandied about.It could be that they don't want to be known as coney island "pusher", so they hide behind a screen of "chili dog" names and panini's and omelets, as a way of throwing the local, state and federal dietary authorities off the trail!This little place is hidden next to the Big Lot's on Scottsdale Rd. in North Tempe (NoTem?). Cafe Villaggio is scrupulously clean, the food is really pretty good, and people running it are sweet as pie (which they should immediately add to their menu to achieve lunchtime perfection).And a coney island (excuse me "chili dog") with all the trimmings, fries and bottomless beverage for $6.50? Yes, Please:)I know this game...get me "hopped up" and  "hooked" with great stuff at cheap prices and raise the prices until I'm "strung out" enough to pay!Alright, Cafe Villaggio...I'll play your little game...for now:)
4	My new neighborhood cafe owned by delightful people who make scrumtrulescent food...;) I'm a sucker for cute corner cafes, and well, they sucked me in. Only thing is I wish they used real mugs instead of paper...sets a different vibe I guess. But whenever I have laid back friends or family come by, we always go here for a nice fresh and cozy breakfast.
4	Wow what a nice find and close to the house too! Had a rare morning off and my girl and I were hitting the road for a day of riding the bike and decided breakfast was in order! Have seen this place almost everyday but never enough time to get there and wow, what a nice find! I had the ham and cheese omelette with a side of italian sausage and my girl had the french toast. Delicious.... My omelette was loaded with ham and the cheese was melted on top. I always ask for extra cheese in my eggs so I cant say how it would be normal but mine were great! Here french toast was made out of italian bread and was 4 nice slices. Had a bite and it was good but hey, she liked it so..... THATS what mattered. Place was clean and the staff was most friendly. I believe the place is owned by a couple from New York. They tell me the hotdogs there are pretty awesome, gonna have to try and get there for one of those. I love a good dog! Place is opened for breakfast and lunch only, great for them but bad for me, Im working not so local and my weekends are well, spent out and about with my girl but one rainy Saturday we will get there!!!!! Give it a try, Cant go wrong with nice people and good food... Oh yeah, cost us about $20.00. 2 meals, 1 side, 2 coffee's and a pepsi. Free refills too!
4	Great place to eat breakfast!  The staff are very pleasant, and the weather is still nice enough to sit on their well-shaded patio.  I had the combo breakfast, and it was yummy.
1	This place is no longer in business... It's now Villa Peru I believe. I went searching for this place to go eat breakfast, only to find that other place (and it wasn't open... *tear*).
