5	My daughter just began school at Challenger 3 weeks ago, I had moved her from another private preschool located near here where she kept getting in trouble.  I felt that the other school was not regimented enough for her and she was not being challenged, so in turn she was getting into trouble daily.  In the 3 weeks she has been attending Challenger, she has learned more than she learned the entire last year at the other school.  I had a tough time justifying the cost of the school, however after seeing the amazing results from a few short weeks the value is truly priceless.  My daughter now loves going to school, can't wait to see her teachers and her friends, and every day when she comes home she is excited to show me what she learned that day. I can not say enough great things about this school!  If you are looking for the perfect school, this is it!
5	From the cleanliness of the campus to the programs that are implemented. This place is an A+++. As soon as you talk with your child, they can't stop talking about everything they did in school that day and how they love their teachers.Walking into this school, you just feel.. comfortable, and welcome. It's a special kind of pleasure you receive from understanding the kind of foundation you are providing your child.My wife and I are extremely proud to say our child attends Challenger School.
1	This establishment is not military friendly. Though when we initially signed up because they said they were completely understandable, due to deployments and such.  This was not the case. When my husband returned from Afghanistan we informed them our daughter would be absent for a few days due to his return. Initially they said the tuition already paid would be accredited to future classes. This was not the case, they charged us in full for the days. Yet failed to notify us until re re-rolled her the summer course.   I definitely felt duped. I even called to speak with the head of the corporation with documentation of orders and they did not acknowledge there previous agreement.  If you are military I strongly recommend other pre schools. Such as YMCA they are excellent with working military.
1	My oldest son went to this school and under the ownership of the original owner who passed away recently it was managed well but since than we had our second son attend the school and man o man weak management and poor teachers took over like the plaque. What was once a good pre-school. It's now a over hyped / over priced pre-school where the administration doesn't care and the teachers are sub prime. The hoopla of fancy drive up lines cover up the TRUTH...STAY AWAY!
