5	Love DPA, the staff is caring, respectful, and courteous. The Docs are top notch and are on the cutting edge of technology. They are also doula & birth plan friendly.
5	I love love dr Vo & Dr Adashek !! I can't brag enough about how knowledgeable , kind and patient they are. I suffered from 2 miscarriages And was pregnant with triplets.. I was extremely paranoid about losing them and both doctors always reassured me and made me feel like a priority .. I can't believe I'm saying this but I looked forward to going to the doctors just to see them!! In addition I love the nurses and staff !! Thank you  Dr Vo & Dr Adashek for doing your best for me and my babies. XoxoAnn Marie Smidt
5	Lovely place for your perinatal needs. I go to the Ft. Apache office. The staff and the doctors are super friendly and professional. Nice atmosphere, clean office, lots of comfortable chairs. I never have to wait too long for my appointments considering they are always busy!
5	I have never been more impressed with any Doctors office than I have with this office. Their staff is so caring and attentive to their patients! Every time I go there I feel like I'm with old friends. Dr. Wilkes is such an amazing Doctor! He takes time to listen to you and answer your questions. I have never felt as though I was being rushed out the door. Pregnancy is such a great/hard time if you have health problems (like me :()This is probably the only Doctors office I have enjoyed going to! I wish every Doctors office could be like this!
5	Dr Adashek was incredible! We lost our son to potters syndrome and he was an amazing support and wealth of knowledge thru out journey. I could not say enough great things about our experience with him! AMAZING!!!
5	I had to go to DPA to get my first trimester screenings done since my insurance blah blah blah wouldn't let my primary care OB/GYN do my ultrasounds at the time. I didn't have to wait long and the couple times I was there the ultrasound techs were nice and their ultrasound room is pretty awesome. There's a big screen to see your baby and they send you home with a cd of pictures of your little one. Dr. Roberts who is married to Dr. Roberts at my primary care doctor was really awesome. I was feeling so miserable and being pregnant you can't take anything really. He was able to give me suggestions on how to relieve my allergy symptoms and he did take the time to answer my questions about the screening etc. Overall my couple visits here were fairly quick and painless and Dr. Roberts was very easy to talk to.
5	I have been seeing Dr. Adashek at the Fort Apache office since my 9th week of pregnancy and my husband and I both absolutely love him and his staff.  Dr. Adashek always makes you feel so comfortable during your appointment and has great energy.  You can tell he loves his job.  Every office visit so far, I've been called back with practically no wait - most of the time they call you back earlier than your scheduled appointment, which I love.  All of the staff has always been super helpful and friendly, which I have noticed can be an issue at some of the other doctors offices I've been to in Las Vegas.Dr. Adashek makes it very easy to contact him if you have any questions throughout your pregnancy. I am not high-risk, but I feel like I am getting the best care for myself and my baby.I also love that Belly Bliss is upstairs and have already taken advantage of their prenatal yoga class. I'm looking forward to their breast feeding and birthing classes as I get a little further along in my pregnancy.
2	I went here when my regular doctor reviewed an ultrasound and thought that my  unborn daughter had an irregular heart beat.Like any soon to be mother, I was a nervous wreck. I was very scared, and nervous. While filling out the new patient packet, the girl at the front desk told me that I needed to pay over $300 dollars, to meet my insurance's deductible, and to cover my copay... There was NO hesitation to whip out the check book... but I had to ask for a receipt, and ask the girl to put her initials on it, because she wasn't going to sign that she had received it..... it took a while for the check to be deposited. They first said that they were doing a vaginal ultrasound (also marked on the paperwork), even though I was late in my second trimester. So, my support, (father) was not comfortable coming back with me......for obvious reasons. Well, the technician said that they weren't doing a vaginal ultrasound, and was confused as to why the paperwork was marked that way.We had an over an hour long ultrasound with a technician who was sweet, and thorough. She was kind and truly in love with what she does. She concluded that there was not a problem with my daughter's heart, and at the end, even tried to get pictures of my daughter's face in 4D. After a brief meeting with Dr. Pierce, we went to check out.  The check out girls were demanding another $60 because they didn't do a vaginal ultrasound...to top it off, they wanted multiple social security numbers. I would understand just mine, which they already HAD on the patient paperwork... and no other doctor has asked for other SSN in the ten plus years that we have had this insurance. So I'm not understanding this procedure. They were pretty nasty, almost arguing with my family and I about our insurance "benefits and rules".I had been here for hours, so I just wanted to get out of there.. Even trying to pay was a problem.When trying to pay with a debit card, they told me that they couldn't accept it, because they had shut off their credit card machine (it was after 5pm). HUH?!?!Who does that, when you still have patients in the building?  Is it possible to turn it back on?I told them to bill me..... and they didn't. So that shows me that they had made even more mistakes when they wanted to charge me. Dr. Pierce and the ultrasound tech were great, but these support staff girls.... not so much.Check filtered reviews.
5	I had a FANTASTIC pregnancy, & birthing experience with Dr Wilkes & his staff!! If I was to have more children there would be no doubt Dr Wilkes would be bringing them into this world.  It took my husband & I a long time to get pregnant with our twins.  I had gone threw 3 doctors before finding Dr Wilkes.  I was AMAZED when he personally called me back to talk before I made an appt.  From that phone call on, I knew I was in the right place! If your looking for the place to handle the most important thing in your life, go to Desert Perinatal Associates!
5	Dr. Bolnick made the most difficult time a little bit easier, explaining each step and the scientific aspect of the diagnosis. Olivia, she has a kind and compassionate heart. On our next round, I am actually excited to see both Dr. Bolnick and Olivia again (only if they give us good news this time). Dr. Bolnick is highly educated and has a dry, but hilarious sense of humor, and I felt comfort with him and DPA.
5	Beautiful office & friendly staff. Great location as well, just a few blocks from my home. I have been seeing Dr. Schwartz at the Ft. Apache location since this past May when my Quad Screen blood test came back high risk for down syndrome. We first met w/ Olivia, a genetics counselor who explained to us all of our options. We then met w/ Dr. Schwartz. He was really nice, informative & answered all of our questions. We decided to do an amniocentesis since I was already well past 20 weeks. The procedure went by quick & hardly painful (I'm good w/ needles) but my anxiety was high. Thank goodness the test came back negative. I continued to see Dr. Schwartz every 5 weeks or so for ultrasounds so that can measure the baby & now I am going there on a weekly basis this last  3 weeks before my due date for baby monitoring. They are very thorough, organized & caring. You can also purchase a DVD of your ultrasound for $20 which we did in the beginning. I highly recommend Dr. Schwartz & Desert Perinatal & most likely will be going there when we decide to have our second child. They also have Belly Bliss connected to them which offers pre-natal massages, etc. I haven't tried them yet although I do have a token for a free 20-min foot massage.
5	I love this office!  Pregnant with my first, and love everything about this office.  I've had a really hard 1st trimester and they've been so accommodating and caring every time I've been in. Gave me bottled water, let me lay down in a room so I didn't have to wait in the waiting area (which is really comfortable and nice by the way), and I've never once felt rushed during my appointment. The nurses and my doctor here (Schwartz) are all sooo patient and caring. I feel like they really take time with you and I know I have a lot of possibly 'dumb' newbie questions but I've never been made to feel like it's not important.
1	What a terrible business practice of Dr's offices! We are currently sitting in the waiting room for an appointment that was supposed to happen one hour ago. We checked in 15 minutes early, and they haven't even had time to talk to us! I would avoid this Dr's practice at all costs! If a Dr isn't going to even talk to you while you are waiting what kind of care are they going to have? Too bad we can't switch now!
1	No respect for personal schedules. You will wait forevvvvvvvvvvvvver. Both times we came in the front office was unorganized and the wait was over an hour! Are you serious? People are taking time off work to sit around in the waiting room. Is it so hard to send a text message to let people know they are going to have to wait over an hour?  The doctor we saw was good but we are going to do whatever we can to either not come back or get the first apt of the day and hope they're not running late to that one too. Very disappointing!!
5	DPA is the best OB/GYN practice in town. I have met most of the doctors there but normally see Dr. Vo. She was always compassionate and supportive during 2 of my pregnancies. Gives you all options and her recommendations for any decisions you may need to make without pressuring you in anyway. I prefer the staff at the Ft. Apache location vs Summerlin. They just seem more organized and understanding. The only time I ever had to wait a long time was due to a delivery or emergency situation which is bound to happen with any OB/GYN office.
5	If your pregnancy is critical Dr Roberts is the man and his staff they really comfort and pay attention if the base would let me I'd have him deliver instead of the the Dr's at Nellis
4	Staff was  very friendly and helpful.I plan on going back with Dr adaschak again!
5	This place is top of the line! I was a Dr. Adashek patient and he was AMAZING. His staff is wonderful, always willing to go the extra step to help a patient out. Charlene and Estela are amazing nurses! I have nothing but praise for this practice!
5	Dr. Roberts is kind and amazing. I loved the office, and although my pregnancy ended prematurely, I really respected and actually looked forward to going there. Beautiful office, everything high end and new.
5	Dr Wilkes is the most amazing, caring, understanding perinatal dr. He made it possible for me to have my two amazing babies!
4	We love Desert perinatal.  They make you feel so relaxed and comfortable.  Everyone is super sweet and caring. We had to get fetal monitoring 2-3x a week. Lots of parking right outside so that's convenient.  Staff also offers water or juice while I was hooked up to the machine. The only con  about this place was the wait time. My husband and I had to almost always wait 30-60 minutes every time.  And that's with an appt. So if you think about it.. we sat a total of approximately 6 hours in that waiting room all together!!!! But overall we loved it here.
4	I love Desert Perinatal! When I got pregnant with my first baby, I was high risk because I have the double whammy: high blood pressure and diabetes. My OB referred me to Dessert Perinatal and they took care of me and my baby. The front desk associates were always friendly and accommodating. The U/S technician and nurses were always careful and informative.. Offering advices and making sure that I am always comfortable. Being a first time mom is scary but the Doctors at Desert Perinatal took every necessary measures to keep myself and my baby healthy. Since I'm diabetic, they had me on insulin instead of my regular oral meds. They even had a diabetes consultant meet with me throughout my pregnancy to ensure my blood sugar is on point. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to carry my baby to term. At 29 weeks, my blood pressure keeps going up and so I had to stay at the hospital for 8 days before my OB decided it's best to have the baby out for both our sake. Desert Perinatal doctors took turns watching the baby's progress in my belly while I was bedridden. Reassuring me and my husband that our baby is doing okay. Everyday, someone from Desert Perinatal would come visit, examine and talk to me. I am very thankful to all the doctors and specialist from Desert Perinatal for taking good care of myself and my baby. And so, on December 24th. we welcomed baby Mikaela. She was a healthy 7 months premie at 4 lbs. even. No complications, didn't need oxygen, nor any assistance for breathing.I wouldn't go anywhere else for high risk pregnancy! Desert Perinatal is the best!Baby Mikaela is now 10 months old and showing no signs of being a premie. She's growing up fast!
5	Dr. Wilkes and his staff are amazing! Professional, kind, and caring. I looked forward to my twice weekly visits through both of my pregnancies. Dr. Wilkes went above and beyond whenever possible. I had difficult pregnancies but Dr. Wilkes listened to all of my questions and concerns and answered them. He is so friendly and kind. I would trust him with anything.
1	Be prepared to pack snacks and possibly a pillow. My pregnant wife who is in prelabor and I have been sitting for over an hour and 45 min. Our appointment was 11:30 and its now 1:16. Wtf.
5	If you are looking for an OBGYN then this is the place to go! The doctors are amazingly good at what they do. In fact, they specialize in high risk pregnancy. Dr. Wilkes saved by baby daughters life while she was still in the womb. For that I will always be grateful to him and DPA. The staff, nurses, and doctors are all great! Best OBGYN on the west coast.
