1	Subs so slow you'll starve before they get there. This location in particular is literally only two right turns right down Mineral Point Road (less than a mile on the same street!) to my workplace, yet it is always an average of 40 minutes before I get my delivery order. How is that even possible? I could walk there faster than that. I always have to remember to order my lunch well before I'm even hungry for it. If my work was in a weird location, I guess I could understand, but we're literally right down the street from them. I love that JJ has online ordering but this location has to step up their game. Their "Subs so fast you'll freak" motto is a joke. If I could give this location less than one star, I would.
2	Decent sandwich since I am normally a fan or Jimmie johns. However, this location has pretty slow service. Makes me wonder if its new staff on training? Ive been to this location about 6 times now and each time its been about the same. I order either the Beach club or the tuna salad club, both are very delicious. The only other complaint that I have is that my beach club and the hunter club that my friend get are thinner (less meat and filling wise) then what i am normally used to from other Jimmie Johns.
2	The messed up my order- I wanted one #4 wrap (no sprouts +sauce) and one #4 on wheat for my dad... they didn't put his on wheat and when I asked them to change it they didn't apologize and told me it would be $.53 more.  They also forgot my sauce. Usually I'm a fan of Jimmy John's and will go to the University location from now on (even though neither of them deliver to my house!)
3	You pretty much know what you're getting when you go to Jimmy John's: you'll get your sandwich from a bunch of kids who are probably stoners and it'll be made really fast. (That said, I'd rather have my sandwich made by a stoner--they know how to do it and they do it well. A stoner's passion for food is unparalleled.)Anyway, this Jimmy John's location cracks me up because the people who work there treat the place like it's their home. They're charmingly obnoxious and joke around with one another and they're always playing shitty radio rock. Normally I would hate that but at this location I find it kind of charming.
1	It'd be great if this JJs could instruct how their delivery drivers should drive. In other words, it is not kosher to drive in the clearly marked bus lane/turn lane between Whitney Way and JJs. Just skip them and get Milios or Erbs.
3	Back when I first moved to Madison, I would get Jimmy John's all the time. I had tried a few other sub shops, but always stuck with Jimmy John's. Now I'm pretty sure that's because it was all I had known pre-Madison. The only sub shop I find worse than Jimmy John's is Silvermine. You should do yourself the favor and go eat at a different sub place. You'll thank yourself.I really enjoy the staff here though.
