5	Only 8 calories an ounce?  You'd bet that something that low fat has to be bland/blah/tasteless right?  WRONG. Desert Swirl carries the Only 8 brand of frozen yogurt, the healthiest frozen yogurt in Phoenix. There are 8 flavors to choose from, rotated daily from more than 200 flavors and more than 40 extra toppings, but keep in mind these will add calories.  But at 48 calories for a small you can afford it right?  My favorite is the circus animal cookies. Yum!I'm addicted to the frozen yogurt so I haven't tried anything else, but they offer smoothies, shakes, sundaes and ice cream. Judging by the yogurt I'm sure you can't go wrong.  If you want a satisfying sweet treat that's also healthy give Desert Swirl a try.
5	This place is really great (but you'll have to get over the intense nail salon smell inside). The owner is very nice and easy to talk to. The frozen yogurt is really really  good!!! I asked for a small Cheesecake flavor, easy on the berries and instead I got tons of berries layered up but that was due to generosity which was very sweet.I'm definitely an addicted fan!
5	Being a huge fan of frozen yogurt, and after driving by numerous times, the hubby and I finally decided to stop in and give Desert Swirl a try. HOLY CRAP is this place fantastic! I'm mostly in love with the fact that they carry several frozen yogurt AND ice cream flavors. This way the hubby and I can both get our fix. :)Tonight the boy ordered peanut butter chocolate ice cream with Reese's pieces (he loves pb chocolate, can ya tell?) and I ordered just a standard chocolate and vanilla swirled frozen yogurt. Yum! I sampled the pumpkin yogurt and it was delish! It was so rich and creamy the tiny sample was enough (for now anyway). Next time we go I will have to swirl it with chocolate. Yum! They also had strawberry, key lime, fudge brownie, and snickers flavored yogurt. Not to mention about a thousand toppings. Along with frozen yogurt and ice cream they do shakes, pies, yogurt by the quart, frozen cappuccinos, and fruit smoothies. The prices are decent - our two small dishes came to just under $7. Their bathrooms are super clean, and I noticed they've earned gold stars every health inspection they've had. The only downfall is the (as Richa S. previously mentioned) almost overwhelming nail salon stink (there's a salon next door). But, they had fans running so it wasn't too bad. They also have several inside tables, as well as outside tables. I am excited to add this place to the list of dessert joints. We'll be driving by twice a week for school and I could always use a little reward. Mmmmmmm....
2	Yech. I mean, I'm glad it's so low cal and all, but I did not care for the flavor. One we got had an awful chemical taste. The other tasted painfully artificial.Perhaps it's because they were both varieties of chocolate. Chocolate flavor is hard to approximate without fat. So I'll give them an extra star in the hopes that maybe the fruity flavors are better.I see that a lot of the other reviewers went with toppings as well. I imagine that could hide the taste well, but defeats the whole low cal thing. The exception being the cheesecakes and berries combo -- that could be really good and not too bad for you.
3	Too expensive: $5.41 for a basic medium size frozen yogurt with no toppings breaks my budget. I like the environment, and thought that the server seemed nice...but next time I'll head to Costco for a tastier dessert that won't break the bank.
4	I love a place that lets me do whatever I want. I can go to this place and scarf down a whole bunch of pretty good tasting frozen yogurt for 160 some-odd calories. I can pig out on Thrifty Brand Ice Cream - oh joy! I can pretend I am in Hawaii and have shave-ice (snow cones to mainlanders). I can get a puppy cup of frozen yogurt for my dog. How COOL is THAT??? I can get quarts of stuff to bring home. AND - here's the big one....the people are actually really, really nice! Okay - I've read the other reviews - the frozen yogurt is good - nothing that will drive you to ecstacy - but good enough to hit that "I need something cold and frozen" spot. My dog loves the lo-cal treat. So, depending on the Length of my hike, it is yogurt, ice cream, sometimes both......you get double punches on Wednesday and the puppy cup is free if you bring your puppy.
5	Good, but not incredible (for me). I had a hot fudge Sunday and the kids got cotton candy ice cream which they loved!!!  The place had a funky smell to it too but since my wife loved her ice cream sooooo much ... she is making me give it a 5 star ... for me it was close ... 4 stars, but gotta listen to the boss ....right?
4	I'm a fan of Desert Swirl. The prices are a little high but you get what you pay for. HUGE waffle cones of frozen yogurt that actually tastes GOOD. I tried their marshmallow flavor and it was unbelievable.It's a good summertime treat, try taking the kids here once instead of the regular DQ for a switch and see how you like it. It's worth a try.
4	Only 8 calories an ounce!!!  The red velvet cake and peanut butter flavors were so creamy and only 48 calories in the small.  My only gripe is the high price of toppings (over $1 a topping).  Overall, it was worth paying for a tasty low calorie treat.
2	After a lazy, post 5k run Saturday I wanted a quick frozen treat.  Came here and got.....freezer burned ice cream.  "Meh."
3	Only 8 calories an ounce for yummy creamy indulgence that won't have the buttons popping off your shirt! They have flavors that rotate and for the full fat full flavor seekers they serve Thrifty ice cream as well. I personally feel their small is big enough. Open late, friendly too. Ask for a sample as some flavors are great and others to me are just so so.
5	Great Frozen Yogurt. Helpful staff, clean enviroment.
5	Great tasting frozen yogurt, excellent customer service, very clean inside. Healthy choice for a sweet treat.
5	I have nothing bad to say about this place. I love the late hours, I love the girls that work there (they are very nice) and I love the frozen yogurt. My favorite is peanut butter with butterfingers and raspberry toppings. Try it, I think you'll like it. Also don't forget the punch card!!! :)
4	We have been going to Desert Swirl for several years. Their frozen yogurt is supposed to be better for you than most, low in fat and sugar. Heathy. I like to go there because I like their product and their good service. You can also get Thrifty Ice Cream there. I always get the yogurt. They always have different to taste. We usually bring our dog with us and they always give us a small cup for our dog. She thinks she is in heaven. We often meet with our children here for a late night get-together. Everyone brings their dogs and we sit and talk. Very nice to have a dog friendly place to sit and talk. These are very nice people. Go see them enjoy a Yogurt.
5	Just heard about this place last weekend. It is my new favorite addiction! The Only 8 yogurt has only 8 calories per ounce and the flavors I've tasted are yummy. My favorite two, so far, are Oatmeal Cookie and Cookie Batter. I'm working out and losing weight and this place takes care of my sweet tooth without putting me over on my calories. Give it a try!
5	Love Love Love it. The Frozen Yogurt is only 8 calories per ounce. You can get your yogurt fix and still be healthy. Also they run specials if you sign up for the deals. Then they have a punch card program as well. My husband loves going there because he can still get regular Thrifty Ice Cream.
5	I ate here with both my pregnancies because I had gestational diabetes and the frozen yogurt kept my sugars in check. It is rather expensive but they are very generous portions. Now I take my kids in for a treat! Oh, and if you have your dog in the car ask for a "puppy cup" of free vanilla yogurt for your dog!
5	This is the only place that I know of that has Only 8 product in AZ. If anyone knows of another place, please share ... because I drive from Pinnacle Peak area to get this yogurt. What other sweet treat can you eat that is so low in carbs, low calorie and therefore guilt free to indulge. Grasshopper is my favorite flavor but hit and miss when they have it. Second best is Peanut Butter which they always have.
4	Desert Swirl is a great option when you have a craving for ice cream but want to stay on track with a healthy diet. I'm not a huge frozen yogurt fan so I can't compare them to many others but lots of flavor choices with the option to swirl them make it pretty likely you will find something you like. Thrifty ice cream for the kids is a bonus and a good topping selection makes this a fun place to take the family. There is a grassy area outside to enjoy your treat and I did not notice a nail salon smell. I would have given 5 stars but the price is a little steep.
5	Desert swirl is the best Desert shop on the Westside. Me and my wife went here over the weekend and it was well worth it. She got mint chocolate chip ice cream and I got a banana split with a ton of different things on it. Out the door it was only $11 so not bad at all. Staff are friendly and the place is clean. Was also happy that I was able to open carry without any weird looks from the staff, but after all this is Arizona so I'm sure it's pretty normal for them. If you are in the area make sure to check this place out!
4	Incredibly good low calorie frozen yogurt. I wish they had a better topping selection.  Also carried Thrifty brand ice cream but the to go quarts were way overpriced which is a shame. Most of the tables were good for couples. Not a lot of good tables for families, still it deserved 4 stars even with the negatives based on how good the froyo was.
4	Gotta love yelp! I was searching for a new ice cream place to try that was out of our area, I felt like a little drive & this one fit the bill.  We showed up around 8pm on a Saturday & were the only people there.  They had tons of ice cream flavors as well as frozen yogurt. Loads of toppings which makes for lots of sundae & milkshake options.  I went with cotton candy & malted milk ball (weird combo, I know) & my husband got the animal circus cookie which he almost fainted when he saw (those are his FAVORITE cookies ever) Our total was $9 for my 2 small scoops & his one large scoop. Cute place, I'll be back to try some more flavors!
2	I went here on Thursday May 1st, 2014. The two girls that were working on this day were sitting at a table with their friends when my sister and I walked in. One of them reluctantly stood up to help us while the other stayed seated. The employee acted like it was such a chore to help us. Instead of letting us browse she followed us every step of the way in an attempt to make us hurry up and order. In summary, the customer service was bad, the ice cream was great.
5	Best yogurt shop in Phoenix!  Great selection, service, and toppings.  The calories are listed on all the cups for the yogurt - yes some are really only 96 calories.  Not bad pricing either, so go and enjoy!
4	Great low calorie frozen yogurt! Prices are expensive for just frozen yogurt and the toppings are expensive also. If they cut the price id be back way more. Place is great and the customer service is good!
5	Looked for a nice quality yogurt place n found one. This wasnt too far off of 43rd ave from glendale ; and to come to think of it there arent many frozen yogurt places bt 35th and 56th ave. About a five minute drive. Great selection of both ice cream and frozen yogurt with an adequate selection of toppings; where you dont feel too guilty. Nice mom n pop feel reminds me of back east coast. Service was great and we left happy! Awesome team.
