1	A good friend had a dog that required surgery and the doctors sent the dog home right after the operation. No antibiotics, no how-to-care-for-at-home instructions. The dog was leaking through his stitches and got an infection. She had to take the dog to another vet, plus another huge bill.DON'T bother here. My friend's dog almost died and she still has to pay this place.
4	My cat Boo was very sick and  my regular vet said gave me no hope. I sought out another opinion and the that vet told me to relax it was my worrying that was making him sick.  Some one told me about Alma School Animal Hospital so I called and got in the same day.  Dr. Christian listen, examined him and  found  what she believed to be a lymphoma. She did some test which were inconclusive, She helped make him comfortable and checked him every week  no charge  to me. She weighed him and adjusted his meds.  Boo did pass. I felt like Dr.Christian and her staff really cared about what happened to Boo and did everything they could for him . There office is open in the early evening and every other Saturday. And they actually run a cat rescue out of the front of the office.
5	I have used Alma School Animal Hospital for years.  They took care of my 2 cats and I can not say enough about the efficiency and the humanity of the staff.  If I called they knew my name and that of my cat.  They never took advantage of bad situations and I never felt that I was overcharged.  When it came time for me to have to put my baby to sleep, a couple of the staff actually came into the room to say goodbye and give a couple scratches on his favorite spot.  They knew him and his personality.  It was very comforting and I never felt alone during the process.  Other family members use Alma School Animal Hospital and some good friends of mine use it too.  I would recommend them to anyone with a pet looking for good pet care.
5	I've been taking my 2 english bulldogs to Alma School Animal Hospital for about 4 years.  In fact, my boy was born here, delivered via C-section.  They have been great with the care of my dogs.  And they are experts when it comes to the bully breed.  If you have a bulldog, make sure to take them to Alma School Animal Hospital.  They have the friendliest staff and I feel very confident with their care.  Thank you Dr, Junger and Dr. Christian for always taking great care of my pups.
4	I have taken my cats to ASAH for more than 5 years and the treatment they receive is great.  There are vets MUCH more convenient to my home but ASAH was recommended to me and I continue to go there because of the service & knowledge of the doctors and staff.
5	All of my children go here. For good reason I drive 30 minutes to see the great doctors at Alma School. They tell you like it is they are affordable and don't upsell you on treatments. I love that. The staff is super friendly too. They always go the extra mile. Free toe nail clippings, getting you in on a Saturday!, helping you to your car. They are amazing!!
5	Great place! They have special knowledge with English bulldogs which is an added bonus!
5	I have been taking my dogs here before I knew what Yelp even was (or before it even existed!). Most all of the staff have been working there for as long as I can remember which is a good sign for any medical place. I always feel like they are being truthful and honest with any recommendations they give me and never have the feeling they diagnose something for the money. The waiting area is a bit small and can be filled up but it gives your pet a chance to socialize. We also took our childhood Scottie here to be put down when she was just too sick to keep living and the staff was very respectful and helped out as much as they could for one of the saddest moments in my life. To make this more positive since that last part was kind of sad, they now take care of my Scottie which I've had for over 2 years now and she always enjoys her visits here (what dog likes going to the vet??). These guys are also known for their Bulldog care which is the best in the state. I live all the way in Scottsdale now but they are still my primary care facility for my dog and are worth the drive! Protip: If you like cats (eeeew) they have a room next to the waiting room where you can see them play or lay around and I think you can adopt those cats.
5	This place is the best.  Got my two babies (cats) from here.  They are loving and very people friendly.  They take the best care of you and your pet.  They will take the time to explain anything to you so you are comfortable with your decision of treatment.  They care about my cats and love to see them.  Was referred by a friend to go here and I am very happy I did.
5	Now that we live in upstate NY it is very hard for us to be happy with any vet that we choose after receiving such wonderful care from Alma School.  We miss them terribly!We adopted a puppy from a Scottsdale rescue and the drop-off location was Alma School.  While we were waiting, a hamster rolled out in a ball to say hello while the office cat strolled the receptionist's desk.  Just those two little things made us feel like the people at ASAH really loved animals so we decided to change vets.  We never regretted that decision and remained with them for over five years until we moved out of state.  The care our animals received was always professional and administered with compassion.
5	I met Dr.Christian when my boo was so sick and no other vets would take it serious. She was proactive and together we gave it our best shot to save him, but we lost. The compassion the whole office showed that day made my family clients for life.They have been incredible and proactive with all of my cats. They treat everyone of them like they are the most special cat they have seen, They listen and think outside the box when you have unusual problems. They even helped me with my foster They are kind, and caring. I am so glad we found them.
5	A wonderful place to bring your animal/animals. Most vets provide average care and extremely high prices but not at Alma School Animal Hospital. I was referred by a friend who has been going here for over a decade. It's worth the drive if they are not close to you. A little bit run down inside but the quality of care is outstanding.
5	I have been going to Alma School for over 10 years.  They have helped me with saying goodbye to some babies and they have brought other babies into this world via C-section.  Dr. Junger, Dr. Christian and Dr. Hobbs are all caring gentle people.  The really take time to explain all procedures to you.  One of my pugs had a tumor and they removed it they could of told me it needed to be sent for testing but they advised me that they did not think it was anything other than a fatty tumor.  Saved me a chunk of money and that was 8 years ago and she is still alive, she is 16 years old.  I cannot recommend them highly enough.  Since I can only give them max of 5 stars but they deserve a 10.
4	We have been using Alma Animal for 10 years. We have always been able to get same day appointments. They have a large English Bulldog clientele, and they are very knowledgable on this breed. Dr. Junger, Vet techs, and front desk staff are all wonderful!
