5	I cracked a tooth and didn't have a dentist in AZ... I was referred by a friend to Dr. Ladd Williams office...  I have been so impressed!!  The dentist was gentle and kind but extremely well versed in his speciality... I felt he gave me more insight to my teeth than I have received total in my life...  I left educated and confident (with a fixed tooth.) His friendly team worked together seamlessly from front door to explanation of benefits and cost to make sure I was comfortable every step of the way.  Change your dentist if you grind you teeth, he wont just give you a mouth guard, he'll fix your issue. I can't express enough how great this office is and how grateful I am to have had the friend refer  me.
5	I had suffered with bad looking and poor fitting dentures for years. I was referred to Dr.Ladd and from the time I walked through the door, I was met by the most informative and friendliest staff I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. Dr. Ladd was very thorough in walking me through all the options and procedures that were offered to me.I now have great fitting and awesome looking dentures! My experience with Dr. Ladd and his wonderful staff has been a pleasure.I now have some amazing new friends, and most of all----I have my smile back!
5	If you're looking for a dentist, your search is over, you couldn't make a better choice! I couldn't ask for better service! The only dentist who I've ever been to that shares his knowledge in an understandable manner, just doesn't ramble off teeth numbers to his staff. Not to mention he seeks the why, rather than just fixing issues as they come along - finds the patterns and thinks about the long term. You can tell Dr. Williams and his staff genuinely care about their patients and do their best to make uncomfortable situations the best they can be. I've had to experience the most invasive procedures to date for myself under his care, which was also the least amount of pain I've had in a dental chair. I can't even imagine if I had such procedures done else where. Even the administering of the anesthesia is the least painful I've ever had. It's a bit of a trek for myself and I'd easily triple that just to receive Dr. Williams's services. I'm not one to write reviews, but I understand the struggling of finding a good dentist and this practice certainly deserves rave reviews!
