1	Went there for dinner with some friends. Was quite an underwhelming experience. Don't order the Thai Steak Salad, although my friend said the steak part was fine, the salad part was to us the strangest most un-Thai and unpleasant salad experience we've ever had. Perhaps the desserts are good. You can't really screw up ice cream and bananas.The patio is a nice place to sit and view the Strip from, but be prepared to catch whiffs of some unusual odors.And the service is extremely slow. Go only if you have a couple of hours to spare.
2	Guys, check your testosterone at the door. There is nothing remotely manly about this place.  You are not Serendipity's target demographic.  There's not much of a bar and you won't find Sportscenter on any TV.  You are at Serendipity because your wife/girlfriend/girl-you-want-to-impress dragged you out here.  Just resign yourself to the fact that you will be dining in a big, pink restaurant and you may actually enjoy yourself.  That being said, the food is actually quite good, if you can get over the cutesy dish names (Spinny Dip vs. Spinach Dip).Aside from the menu, you'll find very few similarities between Serendipity Las Vegas and Serendipity New York.  The NY location is small little cozy restaurant tucked away on a side street in the middle of a big city.  It's been made famous by the John Cusack movie of the same name and guest appearances on Sex and the City. The Las Vegas location is smack dab in the middle of the brightest, tackiest, loudest spot on the Las Vegas strip.  When I say it's on the Las Vegas Strip, it's literally on the strip.  If you spill your drink while dining on one of the patio tables, you'll most likely hit a tourist walking by.  The Vegas location is large and open.  It loses a lot of the intimate atmosphere of the original Serendipity.The food is surprisingly good.  It's typical American food, except with a cute, girly name and a not-so-cute price tag.  You've got a large selection of sandwiches and burgers, and a smaller selection of pizzas, pastas, and salads.  But you're not here for the entrees.  You're here for the Frozen Hot Chocolate.  Well, maybe not you, but your female dining companion certainly is.  It's chocolate, it's sweet, it's cute, and it's really expensive.  It's what every girl loves, wrapped up in a delicious calorie-laden dessert.I'm going to reserve judgement on their service as they just opened up a few days ago.  We made reservations the day before we arrived but when we got there, we were told that the reservation system doesn't work and they don't get any updates.  We had to wait an additional 30 minutes for our seat.  We requested an indoor table but got a patio table instead.  Weather was mild but just a tad chilly so the restaurant had some gas-powered heaters going.  Unfortunately, the heaters were brand-spanking new and created a noxious odor that burned your nostrils and made your eyes water.  We requested that the burner next to us be turned off, but there was nothing we could do about the burners upwind from us.  The table there liked the heat.  There were two parties that sat next to us who left because they couldn't stand the fumes emanating from the heaters.  We were starving so we sat through the smell.Pros: Great location on the strip - excellent view.  Wide variety of food.  Surprisingly edible.Cons: Pricey ($8 for a small bowl of chili, $20 for a sandwich), spotty serviceSuggested attire: Guys - United Colors of Benetton, Girls - tight leggingsParting Words:  Is Hooters still open?
3	Alcohol and Dessert.That's all I got to say.I had a giant chocolate cake sundae and a strong as hell margarita - they use Grand Marnier and Tequila.  Me likey.
4	So i came here the first week that they opened and it was pretty packed. Our wait was only about 10 minutes to sit out on the patio. Perfect weather the day we went so it was really nice sitting outside. The patio is RIGHT ON THE STRIP so you get a really nice view. My friends and I came strictly for dessert. We ordered the fried oreos which comes with about 6 pieces of deep fried oreos, vanilla and cookies n cream ice cream, whipped cream, chocoate and a cherry on top. I'm not a huge fan of oreos but my friends said it was reallly gooood!! i enjoyed the just the ice cream. I'm not sure where they get their ice cream from but their vanilla ice cream was AMAZING! i would be satisfied with just getting a regular chocolate sundae from this place! but the dessert portions are HUGE!! We also ordered their famous frozen hot chocolate. This thing was HUGE!! Definately enough for 3 people to finish. It was very sweet. maybe a little too sweeet. More on the icy side than the creamy side though. My friends enjoyed the fried oreos and ice cream better than the frozen hot chocolate. I enjoyd both but im just a huge chocolate fan so im a bit biased (:  I would DEFINATELY come back here for some more dessert!! The inside is very cute. Guys testosterone levels might go down just a tad bit tho (;  haha..its very girly inside but like i said, cute. They have a little souvenir stand where you can buy shirts and accessories too. I had a great time here! i'm definately stopping by here everytime i take a trip over to vegas! hopefully i'll be able to try the food here next time too. The chicken wings loooked reallly goood! wasn't all covered with sauce. I'm excited to go and try it (:But if youre looking for a cool place to visit and craving some dessert in vegas, try out serendipty. But careful what you order, these desserts are HUGE! 1 is definately enough for 2-3 people
3	I've been to the one in NYC, so I was excited to see it in Vegas. I only tried their Frozen Hot Chocolate($8 for regular size) from the To-Go Window. The wait was long, despite there were only 5 people standing in front of me. The presentation was nothing special, they just poured the frozen hot chocolate on a plastic to go cup with some whipped cream on top and chocolate chips...it was good, but not great! Will try to dine in next time.
4	my friends and i were lookin for a relatively inexpensive place to eat dinner and we found serendipity! i was excited to try their infamous frozen hot chocolate! its huge, just like everything else they served.  the short rib pot pie was my favorite dish. the crust was so flaky and the beef was so soft. the burger with avacado and grilled onions was also really good and came with sweet potato fries.  we also ordered the thai beef salad which was not so appetizing. the lettuce was soggy and the sauce was just...gross...and they were nice enough to take it off our bill.  cute place, relatively cheap, big portions, good customer service
5	I knew I would not be the first but I didn't think that I'd be the 7th review either. That's all good. Serendipity is an awesome lil spot. There have been lots of people going in and out of this place. Not to mention, they have a take out window. So, you don't actually have to do a full sit down meal or dessert inhalation. Anyways, I came to this location with Walter and about four of our other friends just before they had to leave for the airport (flying back to LA). Anyways, we ordered all kinds of things. We initially said that we were going to all share maybe three things. It didn't end up that way!! It was a nice time. Our server's name was Vick. He was very friendly and he was chatting with us off and on throughout our meal. I'm sure that it was easy to do so since Walter is a chatty person and you'd just be drawn to chat with him. The location of this place is prime. It's on the Caesar's property but it's along the strip, just above the sidewalk. It's easy to get in and out. The thing that really did it for me was the scent of chocolate that wafts through the patio area as you're eating. We ordered all kinds of food, I ordered the caesars salad.  Other people in my group ordered their las vegas strips (chicken strips battered in panko and then rolled in tortilla chip crumbles, accompanied by four different sauces. 1) nacho cheese 2) BBQ 3) honey mustard 4) some sort of a ranch/bbq but lil spicy sauce...not sure what it was but it was tasty!) salmon 'nice (salmon salad w/ sun dried tomatoes, olives, beautiful greens, peppers, etc.), the hangover (an omlette with fries, cheese and somethin' else inside), the ruben (roast beef, cheese, w/ a creamy, mild horseradish), and one other sandwich but I am not sure what it's called. I know it has applewood bacon and eggs in it and comes on a french baguette. We had the strawberry fields sundaes (2 of them) and a frozen hot chocolate. We ate so much. Our chicken strips ended up comp'ed! Whooppeee! Our bill was $108.00 That's not bad for a party of 6. Fun times. The service was excellent.  The bathrooms, although they were outside and around the corner, were clean and also smelled of chocolate.  The outside patio area was very popular, under the large tent out there w/ lots of tables and chairs. The hostess was tearing her hair out because there were so many people and not all of the employees knew the table references and/or seating arrangements, work schedules, etc. I have to say, despite all of the "un-knowings", the restaurant was handling everything pretty well. I had a great time and I'd love to return sometime. BTW, they are open (as of right now) from 11AM-11PM. Not bad!!
5	What stays in New York apparently comes to Las Vegas. If you never get to venture out East for the original Serendipity's, no worries, just hit sin city!We ate a lot. So prepare yourself for a comprehensive review. ;)Went to Vegas this past weekend with friends and had the chance to visit Serendipity's on a Saturday afternoon for lunch.  We caught the restaurant during the soft opening, and had a great experience!If you are walking off the strip along LV Boulevard and up the stairs into the restaurant you are greeted by a host podium in the shape of a woman's bust! They weren't swamped, so you leave your name with the host in the merchandise corner inside the restaurant and get a buzzer.The Vegas location indoors is expansive compared to the NY location, with patio seating wrapping around the restaurant, as well as a To-Go window.  (More space here meant no stranger's elbow in your side or waiter's tray nicking you in the head here!!!) Unlike NY, the only doo-dads and randoms the LV location sells are Serendipity-branded merchandise, as well as a few sweets.  The staff manages to utilize small space well, as seen in the bar and the open kitchen.  The bar is colorful and entertaining, with wispy cotton candy filling glass jars for the signature Cotton Candy martinis, and their ever-so popular Frrrozen Hot Chocolates lining up on the counters ready to be served. Our wait was 20-30 minutes, during which my friends ordered a couple drinks, two of which names I can't remember, but they were yummy. While they worked on their buzz we hung out in the large courtyard outside overlooking fountains and (at least for this particular weekend) a Thai shrine.Our waiter was Allen, and he was able to deal with the 6 of us while remaining playful yet attentive.  AMAZING guy!  We were seated outdoors with a view of the strip with the traffic and the throngs of drunks and tourists! If its a nice day out, I would definitely choose to sit outdoors!  Another friend ordered another drink, a mojito-like one with cranberries, and it was WAY too sour for my taste.The menu looked similar New Yorks, HOWEVER there were menu items that were made specially for the Las Vegas location. We ended up ordering:Popcorn & ShrimpPopcorn shrimp served with popcorn! :) My friend squeezed lemon all over this and we had our choices of creamy sauces on the side.  The shrimp was delicious, the batter not being too heavy or cloying.  Breakfast Steak SandwichGet this if you're hungover. A New York steak cooked to order was topped with 4-5 eggs, all piled on a 12 inch crunchy baguette.  The baguette is as crunchy as a Lee's Sandwiches' Banh Mi.  With that said, there's a chance its crunchy enough to cut the roof of your mouth ;) Other than the fact that she wished she ordered the steak cooked medium, she was happy with it. Runny yolks over meat and crispy bread? Rawr.The Rachel SandwichI opted for the Sweet Potato Fries with this order.  The fries were meh, I'd try the chips next time or stick with waffle fries.  Although I'm not much of a fan of coleslaw, a newbie to pastrami, and not a fan of raisins, this sandwich was AMAZING.  The Rachel sandwich is the female counterpart to the Reuben; a rich hefty portion of well-seasoned pastrami piled on with a crunchy, flavorful bed of coleslaw, all sandwiched on dark raisin bread.  The whole thing was then thrown onto a grill, for a crisp finish. Needless to say, I shared, but I pretty much ate the whole thing.PizzaDidn't taste this, but heard no complaints. Flat bread pizza, served on a paddle. Standard sauce and cheese topped with mushrooms.Mac and CheeseF*ing delish. Creamy and not-overly salty like many restaurants.  Noodles cooked to a great consistency with a killer combination of cheeses.Deep Fried Oreos & Ice CreamMy friend ordered this for his entree and it was delicious and rich- the classier version of county fair food ;) Served in a large parfait glass on a plate to catch the melting ice cream and overflowing chocolate sauce. The consistency of the whipped cream was something we couldn't get over.  It was thick and wouldn't melt like standard whipped cream, yet was still SO airy and light.  Must've been made fresh. The oreos themselves were fried correctly, and was abundant in the dessert, with my friend finding another one or two in hiding.ABC BurgerThis was the Avocado, Brie, and Caramelized Onions burger, served with standard burger toppings on the side.  Magical freakin combination!  My friend ordered this with waffle fries which were perfectly crispy and fresh. Frrrozen Hot ChocolateOne of those things you just kind of have to get once. Delish.All this with various sodas and waters, which were constantly refilled. Allen was able to split our checks, told you he was amazing!Pricey, but all in all, food, service, ambiance were superb.
4	Very nice American diner with outdoor dining possibility with great views to the strip on Cesars Palace lot. Huge - I mean huge - portions, if you have appetizers, very slight chance to finish all. Great choco-coffee and milkshakes and service is super friendly and nice!
1	Ugh, the LEAST Serendipitous experience of my five days in Vegas.  We originally stepped into the dining room, where the host was inordinately rude.  Decided to order from the To-Go window.  Almost $10 for the Forbidden Sundae, which I thought must be great.  I waited at the pickup window for ten minutes before the guy looked up and asked me what I ordered.  When I told him he looked at me blankly, like he'd never heard of the Forbidden Sundae before.  It took another ten minutes before I got the thing.  (My friend, who had ordered before me, waited even longer to get a HOT DOG.)The To Go version of the Sundae was horrible.  They serve it to you in an 8 inch high plastic cup that you can just fit your fist into and give you a 6 inch plastic spoon.  You see where this could be troublesome?  The chocolate sauce was added first to the very bottom of the dish, so I could not have it with the brownie or the ice cream or the whipped cream.  You're supposed to be able to get a bit of each of these things all together in a single bite, not have to excavate first through two inches of whipped cream, then a scoop of ice cream before reaching the brownie and chocolate sauce.   By the time I was done with the dish, I had whipped cream and chocolate sauce all over my knuckles because the only way to reach the bottom of the cup was to reach your fisted hand in there with the too-short spoon they'd given you.  I cannot believe how angry it makes me still.  (My friend also hated her hot dog.)  Horrible, would never go there again.  Would have been happier with a damn McDonald's ice cream cone.
4	Food was great!!  sweet potato fries were so good.  and you gatta have the frozen hot chocolate. BUT, prepare to wait at least 30 minutes.
4	So I didn't even know its right there on the Strip until my friend invited me to her casual birthday party there, and now I'm in love with the place!Here are some of the stuff off the menu that were ordered:Frozen hot chocolate - very chocolatey and refreshing, kinda on the slushy side instead of the creamy sideDeep fried oreo (sundae) -  the waitress told us its not actually deep fried, but the oreos taste cripy and oh so good (drool).  the oreos are topped with scoops of ice cream and whip cream and so so yummy!Chocolate cake (sundae) - woos n ahhhs r the first reactions for everyone at the table! a giant slice of rich chocolate cake on top of scoops of chocolate ice cream and topped with lots of fresh whip cream.  a very visual and tasty dessertStrawberry cheese cake (sundae) - i didnt get to taste this one but it looks gorgeous, looks kinda like the chocolate cake sundae with a generous slice of cheese cake, topped with fresh whip cream and strawberries, and all that sitting on freshly made strawberry ice creamPopcorn shrimp - that actually comes with handfuls of popcorn as a side, super funSpinach dip and chips - nothing special, and the dip is a bit on the greasy sideCaesar chicken salad - somebody at the table said its the best caesar salad they've ever had!  bed of greens tossed in caesar dressing, topped with giant 2" cubes of garlic crutons that are both soft and crunchy, and just the right amount of chicken strips, perfection!Salmon nice salad - such a wonderful and fulfilling salad with all the yummy ingredients, generous portion of grilled salmon, handful of olives, string beans, fingerling potato coins, sundried tomatoes and red bellpepper, all dressed in a tangy dress. yummalicious!Asian chicken salad - beautifully presented, lots of chicken and chopped greens tossed in asian sweet dressing.  served with chopsticks and a fortune cookie.  very fun!Some kind of steak sandwich (not sure about the name) - served with side of fried, this sandwich is served on a footlong french roll filled with large pieces of steak, topped with lots of cripy bacons, then topped with 3 sunny side up eggs!  I didnt get to taste it, but the friend who ordered it said its soooooo gooood.  good enough for me!If you've been to Hash House a Go Go on the west side, this place to me is like the dessert/super casual version of it.  The portions are big, and seriously should be shared for anyone watching what they're eating (i.e. me).  Such a fun place, I highly recommanded especially when the weather is nice outdoor, you get to sit right on the Strip!  One concern is that the food kinda takes a while to get to the table, but its definitely worth the wait in my opinion =)
3	We were in Vegas on this place's opening night, which just happened to be a week after we were in NYC and had gone to the original. My husband couldn't get enough of the peanut butter frozen hot chocolate, so we were really excited to see this place open for business and much closer to home.Can you really compare it to the original? Not so much. It lacks the ambiance and character, and the menu is not the same...but neither is the wait time, which scores points with anyone who has waited the standard 2 hours at the original for just a frozen hot chocolate. Cool that they have a take-out window as well.The inside dining room is just one big open room, a little crowded and awkward especially since there isn't really a waiting area, so people  were just hovering around by the door. Though we didn't dine on the patio I think this would be more fun, especially since it sits right on The Strip. The menu was not the same - seems like they made it more commercial or fast food-ish, but let's be honest, you should be going here for the desserts anyway. We had both the sweet potato fries and the waffle fries, both were good, standard fries. Don't order the nachos - they are awkward to eat and I had to pick off all the unseasoned ground beef that was not appetizing at all. The clam chowder was good though, had a little spice to it. My husband claimed the peanut butter frozen hot chocolate wasn't as "peanut buttery" as from the original, but he downed it anyway. I couldn't tell the difference. Overall I would say there are much better dining options in Vegas, but this would be a good place to end the night and splurge on dessert.
1	Let me just get to the point here about what went wrong:1) It took at least 15 minutes for A waiter (not ours) to take a DRINK order.  The same waiter also took our food order.  I know it wasn't that busy because everybody else was getting taken care of faster than us.    2) Our waiter brought our food out.  Took about 25 minutes.  Too bad our waiter didn't notice we didn't have any silverware to eat it with, and no napkins.  Another waiter noticed this and brought them a few minutes later.3) I ordered a grilled cheese, which was supposed to come with tomato soup.  It didn't, and I had to ask for it, from yet another waiter.4) My grilled cheese was greasy, and the tomato soup was incredible salty and a funny orange color.  How hard is it to make?Main conclusions:  food sucks, our waiter sucked, other waiters were better.  I would've ordered dessert but I was already tired of it.I've been to the one in NYC and thought this would be as good.  Guess not.
4	wahoo!! after wantin to fly to ny just for the damn frozen hot chocolate they opened one up @ ceasars!! this means more lv trips! =)so we parked at ceasars and walked toward lv blvd cuz serendipity is rite there u can see on the strip. its this building with lovely pink awnings! loooove it. we went in the place is pretty small but they have indoor/outdoor seating plus a togo line outside.  we got the frozen hot chocolate, a footlong hotdog (we wanted the bachelorette hotdog (FATTER AND EVEN LONGER!! but we ordered wrong....) cheddar cheese burger, and some more desserts!  everything was super yum. the 6 of us girls just dug in! the burger looked PERFECT hannah s. said it looked so perfect it looked fake! hahha hotdog was YUM im not sure if it was NORMAL but i havent had one in awhile so it was great.  it came with a side of sauerkraut, cheese, mustard, relish and onions so u can top to ur hearts content! the hotdog & burger comes with either waffle or sweetpotato fries.  the waffle fries were different...i swear they poured some sugar on them!the frozen hot chocolate is pure heaven. seriously. i took 3  lactase pills so i can enjoy it and it was all worth it! i posted pictures u can see my pills next to the weenie hahha check out my fone next to it too u can see how long the weenie really was!all in all it was a great spot but one bad crappy thing? service is soooo super slow. place is small( for vegas) but took nearly 30min for a seat when no one else was in line at the time and our server my gosh took FOREVER to take our orders and to bring us our food! patience is impossible when u are waitin for chocolate =X
5	3 WORDS: Frozen Hot Chocolate!  One feeling: satisfaction.  One honest response: sorta like a fudgesicle meets an iced mocha and mates to produce the ultimate chocolate lover's dessert beverage that does not disappoint!  I tried to go to the original Serendipity in New York City and it was difficult to get a table, but the 40 minute wait at the Caesar's location was a sacrifice I was willing to make just to experience one of Oprah's "favorite things."  I went for lunch with my family and ordered the empire state onion ring tower, burger with brie, and shared the steak sandwich with 5 countries represented (America, France, Mexico, Japan, and Italy).  Here's a tip: order the sweet potato fries to get your palate ready for a sweet dessert.  Enjoy this one choco lovers!
4	Three of us went to S3 three days after they opened. We loved the atmosphere. I ordered the peach cotton candy martini, delish and great presentation. We had the chicken fingers which were fun since they were breaded in red tortilla chips and the chicken wings. I loved the chicken wings! We had the pink homemade raviolis with vodka cream sauce and Thai beef sald. The raviolis were divine. The salad a picture perfect presentation and the steak melted in my mouth. For desert we had the frozen hot chocolate and Forbidden sundae, which consisted of the largest, moistest chocolate black cake with a million scoops of Hagen Daz, whip cream and chocolate fudge.You really must try it. A very fun place to go and the food was excellent.
3	Too much build up?After seeing the food tv showcase the NY eatery and build up the frozen hot chocolate as the the greatest thing since sliced bread; I was amped totry this place out. Since we had a huge brunch; my wife and I split the frozen chocolate on a very hot day but neither of us were that thrilled with the outcome. It was chocolatey, but really tasted more like a watered down shake than anything else. Refreshing yes; world changing..not really.The rest of the food looked pretty good and affordable even though we didn't try it.
3	I love the serendipity 3 in New York. It's got great ambiance, makes you feel like a little kid again looking wide-eyed around you at all the treasure (chocolate) and magic (chocolate) you can find. This one...is not quite the same. They have a to-go order place outside which can be pretty useful, and an indoor/patio seating area. It definitely didn't have the fantasy-landish, childlike daydream, alice-in-wonderland feel of the other one. It felt more like a glorified Mcdonalds. But hey, its' Vegas right, maybe feeling like a lil kid here would be too much. We orderedABC burger - Avocado, brie, caramalized onions. Sounded delicious but it wasn't. I love burgers too :( I would rather have had In n Out. And for 3 bucks instead of TWELVE. Chicken pot pie - NO. nonononono. Two ppl ordered it and neither finished more than a few bites. Hangover omelet - this was one of the better dishes, an omelete with bacon and egg and french fries. But even this was only okay, which sucks because bacon and french fries is almost like cheating! Overall it was just really ...eggy. Corned Beef Reuben - Pretty damn good. Thick slices of corned beef. But this isn't supposed to be a jewish deli. Still a good sandwich though.Frozen Hot Chocolate - Just as good as NY. It was amazing. Come here for dessert. don't eat here for lunch/dinner unless you want to shell out 12 + bucks for mediocre food. Bring your date here though and watch as the freaking Godzilla-sized sundaes are brought out!
4	On a warm day and need a drink to cool down( that is not alcoholic), give the frozen hot chocolate a try.  I instead upgraded the frozen hot chocolate and tried the double fro ho; a frozen hot chocolate with a scoop of chocolate.  For 2 dollars more, it makes a good chocolate shake a great one(to the envy of the customers as they were making it on the take out window).  Whipped cream and chocolate shaving top off this concoction.  Decadent: yes. Overkill: not when it 90 degrees outside.  $10 for a 16oz. is expensive but more than worth it.  p.s. $4 more get you a 32 oz. . I could've finished it  but I would have taken a longer nap.
5	I was beyond ecstatic to see this place. I missed Serendipity when I went to New York so I was so happy to have the second chance to experience the much hyped about Frozen Hot Chocolate. Worth the hype and more. Do you know the ice cream commercial where the guy is eating a frozen concoction with truffles and he lifts his pinkie finger to fully experience it? Oh yeah, you don't have to even lift your pinkie for this joy.
3	The hot dogs (12-18 inches) are great!  Frozen hot chocolate desert is milky delicious. Service was sub par - it took the waitress forever to get our check and she keeps messing up our order.  It was kind of inconvenient that they were able to charge to our hotel (Caesar's Palace) room.  I would go here only for a quick meal.  I'd recommend choosing a table outside along the strip.
3	I was beside myself with sheer joy when I saw the Serendipity sign on the Strip.  I dragged a Serendipity virgin with me and ran there the very next day.  My excitement was nearly impossible to contain, as I raved to my friend about the experience he was about to have.  When we arrived, I was sorely disappointed at having a pager shoved at me, especially since it was about 9 at night and half the tables were empty.  We waited as long as they said we would, 15 minutes, despite the fact that half the tables remained empty.  The building is a perfect location for a Serendipity, out on the street with outdoor seating and a walk-up window.  However, the decor is remarkably lacking compared to the New York location and the ambience is sterile at best.  Disappointing, as that's part of the Serendipity charm.We ordered the frozen hot chocolate, and it was just as sublime as I remembered.I was sad to leave underwhelmed, but am willing to give it another chance.  I remain hopeful that by my second visit they'll have revved up the decor and the service and I'll regain that New York Serendipity 3 feeling I so fondly remember. More to come....
4	Good food, great deserts...    Nice atmosphere with friendly people.   Come hungry or split a meal so you have room for the best stuff....
4	We had lunch here as we had to wait until after noon to check in to Caesars. If only they would have given us the free Frozen Hot Chocolate coupon before lunch. My advice is to split the Hangover omelette to ensure room to split a dessert, i swear they use about two dozen eggs to make this thing, with bacon, cheese and french fries.  Despite having fries inside the omelette , i ordered waffle fries (which were better than the sweet potato fries in my opinion). i finished about half. The Frozen Hot Chocolate was actually pretty good, but i would choose our dessert over it. We had a Chocolate cake, with ice cream and hot fudge, don't remember the name. Not to mention the whipped cream was almost like a frosting, it was so good. We enjoyed sitting outside and had no problems with our servers. If i do make it back to Vegas, we'll stop again.
3	My friends and I ordered take out and got the small (16 oz.) frozen hot chocolate. First impression was chocolate soft serve ice cream blended with ice. Very good but not worth $8. My girlfriends and I could only drink half of it. I'd recommend sharing between 2 people a 16oz. You can also request chocolate shavings. The decor inside looked kind of dirty and tacky. It smelled of hot dogs. I think it's a bit too overhyped. Perhaps we had to actually sit inside to experience serendipity?
3	The decor of this Serendipity is nothing like the one in NYC.  When I walked in, I thought I was in a vintage boutique.  I expected to see Jimmy Choo shoes and Machesa dresses on display.  Instead, I saw sandwiches and foot long hot dogs.  It did look pretty good though.We stopped for dessert.  My in-laws wanted to try their famous frozen hot chocolate ($8.50).  To me, it tasted like Carnation hot chocolate made with milk.  Throw in some shaved ice, add a mound of whip cream and chocolate shavings...vuala...Alan's famous frozen hot chocolate!  Nothing ground breaking at all.  I like to go back and try the food but considering all the great places to dine in Vegas, I doubt I'll ever go back.
3	Returned for Mother's Day and had a somewhat better experience.  Here is my update:  One of the best reuben sandwiches I've had.  My parents each had burgers that they raved about.  The sweet potato fries were tasty.  That outdoor patio on a lovely Sunday afternoon is the perfect setting for lunch or dessert.  The music was blaring when we arrived (not sure why on Mother's Day afternoon) but they did turn it down when we asked.  We split the Bruce sundae at the end of the meal and we almost made it through the whole thing...it was that good.  I would go back, hoping that the service improves enough to catch up with the food.
3	5 stars for the food, 2 stars for the service.This Serendipity has better food than the original in NYC.  The portions are huge and everything tastes amazing!  I would recommend the chicken strips appetizer with the 5 sauces.  The Frozen Hot Chocolate is aces.  The Turkey Club sandwich was the biggest sandwich I'd ever seen.  Keep in mind that the portions are large, and can easily be shared.The service, however, is horrible!  The servers and hostesses fight amongst themselves and are really rude to the patrons.  Honestly, I've never seen anything like it.  I'm not sure if they are just unhappy, or I caught them on an off-day, but our server was rude, and so were the hostesses.  Other patrons commented as well.  Ask to sit outside if you dine here.  It is a view of the Strip and it's not as loud as sitting inside.  I would recommend Serendipity to families, bigger groups, people who love desserts, and people who are forgiving to rude servers.
2	I love the restaurant in NYC, this one was dissapointing, not to mention we waited more than an hour to be served (sandwiches!) I then bought a T-Shirt, when I brought it home it was defective, I have tried calling the restaurant and tried to get a hold of a manager, and nothing, no one has called me back and when I try to get thru I cant!
3	Went here on 5/10/09, which was a Sunday around 3:30-3:45 pm for a super late lunch.  Came here after walking by it the day before, but saw a delicious add in one of the local magazines.  We were drawn to the strange thing called Frozen Hot Chocolate, the hot dog, and pretzel bun for their hamburgers!It was hot in Vegas the week for us (high 90's) and waited 5 minutes for a table inside for some a/c, which helped a little, only a little, because all the doors are open.  We met our waiter quickly and put soon put in our orders for a hot dog ($11.50 !!!) and cheeseburger (I think it was around $14).  I opted for the criss-cut fries while my husband opted for the sweet potato (I'm pretty sure that's what they said) fries - it was really yummy.  We also ordered the Frozen Hot Chocolate ($5 - not bad considering it really does need to be shared by at least one other person), which was a yummy treat for such a hot day.  We had it before our meal though, otherwise, I'm not sure that we would've been able to finish it.  After we had our frozen hot chocolate and finished it, the waiting game began. It was at least 40 minutes before we even saw our waiter again. He was super nice, but we never saw him out and about checking on his table.  Same goes for a table next to us.  They had the look of ultimate boredom just waiting for the check!  It got to the point that we were ready to leave before even getting the food. But of course, the food came out just as we were talking to the waiter.  So-we stayed and my hot dog was SOOO long...I swear, they say foot long but I'm positive it's longer.  It's on a toasted roll cut in half (think baguette like) so it's kinda like a sandwich with a hog dog inside.  It came with it's own dish, just as long full of all the dressing you could want on the hot dog, though I only optioned to put cheese on it.  My husband's burger was delicious.  We're happy at this point, but after waiting a little while longer for the check, we ended up just asking someone else to get the check for us and took off.  Service - not so great, but I really really like my hot dog.
3	After a hefty lunch at Spago in the Forum Shops, we decided to walk off that meal but somehow ended up here at Serendipity 3, to put the damn weight back on! But instead of having another full meal, we decided on desserts that we thought we could lose in the walk of 104 degree heat scampering back to the casino. A 'Cowards Portion' Outrageous Banana Split that can still probably feed 2 people, has a more outrageous price than anything else of $13! Tasted like Baskin Robbins, no big deal. And an Apple Pie with Serendip Coffee, the coffee, at least, I was able to finish.I know I didn't order the specialties of the house, but this is what we were craving for dessert, so forgive me for a somewhat ambivalent review. Bottom line - you're eating at the Claim Jumper of Dessert Shops!
3	THe stars are mainly for the beef salad dish alone...So Yummilicious.  This Serendipity has better food than the NYC location, but the decor itself I would have to vote for NYC.  This pink Serendipity seems out of place being outside of Cesar and not nearly at quaint as nostalgic as the New York location.  The wait was super long also.  Decor is Johnny Rocket but Pink..nothing too special or unique.
4	My friend and I split the breakfast sandwich - which is large enough to split among 3 people!  It was absolutely divine!!! The best thing to wake up to in Vegas!  The location is absolutely perfect and the line could probably get crazy but we beat the rush by sitting at the bar.After reading the other yelp reviews, I was worried the service wouldn't be great.  However, our server at the bar (also the bartender) was funny, attentive, and super friendly.  He made great recommendations for food which we readily ordered: the chicken tenders, breakfast sandwich, and bachelorette hot dog.  All was great (and generous portions).We ordered the frozen hot chocolate (of course) which, I guess because of all the hype, didn't live up to my expectations.  However, sitting at the bar, we watched the bartender make all of these different drinks and desserts which I will definitely try next time.
2	I went here with 9 other people for Memorial Day weekend.  I've been to the NY one which I absolutely loved and was really excited to know that there's a Serendipity much closer to me now.  First thing I noticed was that they have a window by the side of the building from which you can order to go.  I found it really interesting and convenient that they did that.  Although there were long lines, they seemed to be moving rather quickly.I have to say though, I was really disappointed by my experience with the Vegas Serendipity.  Their service sucks.  When I went to get a table, they told me the wait would be about an hour.  That's understandable and fine.  After 50 minutes of waiting, my friend suggested that we check to see how far along we were.  We go up to the bitchy hostess and she informed us that they had called us.  But our beeper never rang!  And we were waiting right outside their door the whole time.  Another server then explained to us that some of their beepers were broken and said that they'd clear a table for us immediately.  Which was nice except the extra little comment she had to add which was "You guys are lucky we'll clear a table for you now".  My friend and I just looked at each other astonished.  WTF?!  The beeper issue is not our problem, it's the restaurant's.  They shouldn't be so cheap and use beepers that are broken.Still, we didn't let that damper our mood.  We went on our merry ways and ordered a load of food.  (Their menu, compared to the NY branch, is not as long and may differ a bit)  I shared an omelette with a friend and ordered the Forbidden Broadway Sundae for myself.  The omelette was plain but decent.  Nothing worth talking about.  The sweet potatoe fries that came with it were really good but not so much after you take it home as leftovers.  When our waiter was taking down our orders, he had made it a point to ask me whether I had wanted my dessert after or with my entree to which I replied after since I didn't want to the ice cream to melt.  For some reason, my dessert was brought out with my entree.  When I told the guy that brought it out, he proceeded to give me attitude and told me "Well it's already here.  If I were to bring it back, it'll take another 20 minutes.  But I mean... I could bring it back if you really want."  I told him it was ok and he just rushed off.  No apology, no empathy, nothing.  Whatever.  I had a great dessert piled with whip cream that I had asked to be left out.  Oh well.  What could I have done at that point?Overall, it wasn't worth it.  The food for the most part is mediocre (my friend told me the One-Eyed Jack was bad and that the bread was so hard it was inedible) and the prices are high.  If you want to go just to say you went, then go.  Otherwise, avoid it.  There are a bunch of great buffets (Wynn!) you can hit up in Vegas.
3	frrozen hot chocolate = overpriced frappaccino without the coffeeit's not that i didn't enjoy it, i just didn't understand why it was $8.25 for the smaller portion and why it didn't blow my mind
2	This review is by default getting 2 stars.  The Frozen Hot Chocolate should get like a 3-4 stars but I can't do it.Must warn people of the horrible service here... at least the outdoor patio.  I get it, sort of, that it was Labor Day weekend.  But seriously it should NEVER take 15 minutes to get a glass of water.  When its 95 outside you seriously should try and keep your customers happy.  I guess they do not want any repeat business.I believe the table we were sat next to left in the middle of there lunch because of the service.Easy to leave this place w/o paying which I kind of felt like doing.Sundae we order came out super melted and all over the place.  We ate a few bites & the FHC we shared was good but not to die for that I was thinking it might be.Maybe my expectations were to high.Oh I put moderate pricing that is if you share... I would say more on the pricey side if your eating your own meal w/drinks.  May try to have a FHC @ the window again but will definitely not be dining at this restaurant again, ever! ~With so many other places in Vegas there is no reason to have bad service twice.
4	I'd come here for dessert again, though maybe not for food. During my LV vacay with friends last week, we came here with a sizable group so we had the chance to try out several items on the menu. -- dessert:   -- frozen hot chocolate -- the waiter told us it's 14 different kinds of chocolate grind into a powder, then mixed with hot water and served with shaved ice. To be honest, I don't think it's really that different if you made it at home w/ regular hot choco mix. The hefty price tag of ~$10 is LV status. -- frozen strawberry item -- the strawberry version of the frozen hot chocolate above, I like it... though again the price is steep. -- brownie sundae w/ 2 scoops of ice cream -- forgot the name of this item but the brownies are really awesome though on the sweeter side. I liked it..   ^_^-- food: pizza -- thin crust, and another food item I forgot about, food here is avg, and not worth the $$$ in my opinion.. ~~ conclusion:  if I ever walk around here again, on a hot summer day, I'd come in for a strawberry or hot chocolate frozen dessert...   ~~~ Oh, they had a sundae item on the menu for $77!!!!!  another boxed item for $10,000 (maybe a joke, this one  =)  -- golden sundae!
3	The frozen hot chocolate was okay..Its like a chocolate milk frappuccino with whipped cream and shaved chocolate on top. I would buy it again but only if I had a real sweet tooth at the moment, I mean it is about $9 for this drink. Its worth trying I guess. Not the BEST drink but just okay.
3	I'm only giving this location 3 stars, only because I gave the NY location 4 stars in my review earlier (I'm partial to the original!!!).  I believe the Frozen Hot Chocolate, in general,  gets 4 stars...maybe even 5 stars since it's been a few years since I fell in love with it at it's birthplace!Didn't have a meal there, but we did see a few dishes that looked really good (like the foot long steak and eggs sandwich which was served open face - WOW!).  Looked over the menu and it was a little different than what NY had to offer...also noticed some of the desserts weren't offered there, too, like the chocolate fondue and fruit platter.  Only had time for a Frozen Hot Chocolate, which we slurped at the bar.  I would definitely make time to have lunch there on the next visit.Ideal location...sits right at the corner in front of Caesar's Palace...can't miss it from the strip.  It looks bigger than the NY location, but it's only a facade...there's one small floor of indoor dining and then a patio that's about the same size.  This Serendipity has a full bar...but, it is Vegas and a restaurant in Vegas that doesn't serve liquor might as well be closed down to build one that does!  :)  The decor is very diner-esque...nothing like the one in NY, except for the light fixtures that resemble the Tiffany lamps.One last thing that was different...there's a walk-up window where you can order to-go items.  It's pretty cool if you just want a Frozen Hot Chocolate to sip while losing all of your $$$ at the slot machines!!!  :)
5	We went here a few days ago and it was amazing.   There were 4 of us and we had no trouble finding a table.   I ordered the buffet sandwich which was ok, it really was massively large.  My wife had the brie open faced sandwich which again was excellent, it included stuffing and cranberry mayo.   Our friends ordered a Caesar salad which was also large and had massive croutons.   My other friend ordered a turkey club which was incredibly massive!   All of the food was excellent and presented nicely.   The best thing here however was the frozen hot chocolate.   I am not even the biggest fan of hot chocolate or chocolate in general but that was some really good stuff.   I could drink that all day...amazing.
3	I've been the one in New York and it is a lot better.  The menu here is different than the one in New York, they don't have the shepards pie....., but anyway people only go for the frozen hot chocolate.  The food here was good, the service was bad.Our waitress was a compete idiot, she was rude, and the food took a long time to come to our table.
4	this restaurant was fun!  it was a sunday morning, my friends and i were visiting vegas from LA, and we were all pretty tired (and some of us were pretty hungover...)the wait was LONG on a sunday afternoon...think we waited 45 mins...the frozen hot chocolate was good (but totally overrated i think....) and could be shared between a couple of people.  the omelettes were really big but just ok tasting, the foot long hot dogs were good and came with a variety of condiments, and the sandwiches were good too.  the waffle fries and sweet potato fries were both delicious but i liked the waffle ones better.next time i want to get more dessert!!!  they looked so good but we were stuffed.   4 stars for the atmosphere and novelty and food.
2	So...my traveling companion and I saw these amazing looking desserts earlier in the week and opted to try this place a few days later for lunch.  I wasn't too hungry, so I got the tomato soup with a side of waffle fries and my friend got the veggie burger.  While my friend really enjoyed her veggie burger, I didn't care too much for my soup/fries since I got a killer tummyache after eating here....we also split a frozen hot chocolate, which was tasty, but wayyy too big for us to even think of finishing!  The food was pretty pricey, so next time I think I'll go elsewhere for lunch/desserts...service was not too fantastic either and they could definitely use a busboy!  The hostesses and waitresses were pretty busy and it took them a while to seat us since none of the tables had been cleared or cleaned off.
1	Pink place outside Ceasars. Lousy food, lousy service.  Skip it.  If you want inexpensive, go to In-n-Out Burger!
2	I just came back from Las Vegas earlier this week, and as usual, I emailed my friend who lives there in advance to see if she's free.  She kindly informed me that Serendipity3 has opened up at Caesar's and I suggested that we go there to rekindle memories of the original in NYC (well, at least before they got busted for rats/rodents/whatever).I may not be a local, but I sure have been to LV plenty of times (at least a dozen).  I always thought that service is excellent in LV, especially at higher-end places (and I would imagine that Caesar's falls into one of them).  Serendipity3 managed to break my bubble in this respect.But you know, maybe that's because this place is actually not in Caesar's.  It's outside in a "box", as my friend described it.  Aside from the menu, the place doesn't really do a good job in copying the original.  While the dessert we had (frozen hot chocolate, of course) was delicious, everything else was... blah.We decided to sit at the bar counter because we didn't want to wait.  It didn't matter because I like sitting at the bar anyway.  I couldn't help but observe these two things while I was there:#1.  I sat at the end of the bar where the staff would place the frozen hot chocolate (or any other items) that are ready to be delivered to the guests.  I have to tell you... they sat there really, really, really long time.  They pushed the food so close to me that I probably accidently spit in some of them while talking.  Sorry!#2.  Bartender actually made a wrong drink for one of the guests!  Now, you would think that they would toss that one out and make a new correct one.  What did they do instead?  They fudged that wrong drink by adding some elements (juice or whatever) to make it look like the one that the guest ordered.  How do I know all this?  Because they actually conversed loudly enough for me to hear it.I thought about giving 1 star, but just for the original sake, I am giving this a 2.
3	So, saw that Serendipity 3 was in Las Vegas.  Never made it to the NYC one (nor saw the movie), but since everyone rants about it, thought we would try the Frozen Hot Chocolate.  Got one to go from the to go window.  Wasn't as spectacular as we thought it was going to be.  Tasted like someone took a fudgesicle and blended it.  Meh.
4	The highlight of my last Las Vegas trip, it's a great place for those hot Vegas days.  I think if you come here, you have to get the frozen hot chocolate of course, but the other items were very good, although I probably did OD on the sweetness.  It isn't cheap, but the portions are huge, you definitely could share most items.  I think the environment is fun, although there was a bit of a wait, and the staff there seemed a bit distracted.  I will definitely be back nonetheless.
3	um... hmmm....maybe I was looking forward to it too much.I expected something out of this world.I mean, it's good... too sweet.hmmm...tasted exactly like a fudge popsicle that went through the blender...hmm.. yep.
2	If you've been to the one in NY, you have to check out the one in Vegas right? I walked up to the order window outside, just wanted a chocolate milkshake, they told me I had to go inside and order at the bar. I kid you not, 4 guys at the bar, yes, busy, but not one bothered to acknowledge anyone who wanted to order that they will be right with you. I looked at the menu to see what kind of shakes they had. They had a $9.50 Milkshake. I thought, hey, if I'm going to get a drink, I should get one with alcohol. So, I ordered my Cosmo $16.70!! That was insane. Everyone was pissed, walking out, more people were coming in, I gave them a heads up that the service sucks and that you'll be waiting a long time. I had plenty of time to talk to those who were waiting and  warned them, since I wasn't going to leave until I finished the last drop of my drink!
3	I think like many, the hype overshadowed what it actually tasted like. I decided to go to the to go window instead of waiting (even though, there were open tables when i got there but a 25 minute wait...) uhhhh okay? The 32oz frozzen hot chocolate was 14 bucks. Yeah. A bit on the pricey side! It was certainly delicious but obviously, this was a splurge.... I had an overpriced hot dog because it was probably the only thing cheapest. At least the bun was toasted. Eh. I'd rather get a hot dog and a soda from Costco. At least that one is better tasting and save myself 4 bucks! Oh another thing, they charge a dollar for water which isn't much of a cup. You are better off pretending to gamble and getting a free bottle of water at Caesar's Palace! So in essence, go here cuz you need a quick bite and you can't wait (to go window). But it is not worth the price.
2	Service was whack. We called in advance to make a reservation for 730pm for a group of 10.. got there just at 7:30 and told the hostess we had a reservation.. She basically told us there was no reservation made for 7:30, that our name wasn't there, and that we have to wait. We told her we had just called like an hour ago and if theres anyone else who would've answered the phone and she asked us "Do you know who you spoke to?" and we said "no.." and she basically said theres nothing they can do then and that we have to wait. Gosh what a BEEZZYYY. Luckily another girl came up and asked what's goin on and she happened to be the one who took our reservation over the phone so she got us seated. Great communication between those employees!! Yea right... Got seated, took forever for our server to greet us.. took forever for our server to take our orders.. and took forevermore to get our food. Then we never saw our server again....Food was OK. nobody seemed to be crazy about their food. some even didn't like it. the frozen hot chocolate was good. i kinda wish i'd ordered dessert before my food, that might've been more worth it that the food? Overall I was pretty let down with the place, I was really hoping it would be better.. Highly doubt i'd come back here .. If i do, it'll probably just be for dessert.
3	We enjoyed the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate and a Marguerite Pizza.  My wife considered the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate as delicious even after all the chocolate and rich food we indulged in LV.  Since I was craving pizza I ordered the Marguerite Pizza, a thin soft crust with a sweet tomato sauce, mozzarella and basil it was good by not the best I had.  If you are looking for a tart alcoholic drink then I highly recommend the Madras Mojito served  real cranberries and crushed mint leaves.  It was the best Mojito I have had since Fronterra Grill - Chicago.  Seating hostess was not attentive, however our waitress was so fantastic we tipped extra.  This plus was a lot of fun just to hang out on the patio, relax and gaze at Caesars Palace to the left and Las Vegas Blvd to the right.
2	I think there's a lot of hype around this place, so that might be the reason why I only though it was meh. I had the pizza and my friend had the pot pie and both were mediocre, nothing really special. For dessert we had the Frozen Hot Chocolate. It was something I had to try since it was their specialty but I probably would never get it again. It was good but too big, I had enough after a couple of sips.
4	Came for brunch with JT when Bouchon informed us it would be a 45 minute wait and he decided he was extremely hungry (and slightly hung over). We shared the chopped chicken salad (standard, but the hearts of palm were good) and the short rib pot pie (decadent for 11am but still good) ... Of course we had to order the frozen hot chocolate (I had it in NY but JT never tried it). It was refreshing for the 95-degree weather (esp since we hit the pool right after). The portion is ginormous, especially after the other generous-sized items.Service was decent, but it was still quite early for people to be up in Vegas, though it was almost noon. We sat outside and with the shaded area and the open doors with A/C blowing out, it wasn't too hot. There is a $1000 ice cream sundae on the menu that has gold flakes. I've always been intrigued by it, but I don't think I'd ever, ever be able to spend that much on a sundae! Love the giant hot chocolate statues outside too.
3	I need to preface that this is a bad review because I only had one thing and it wasn't even the Frozen Hot Chocolate. I'd thought I'd yelp it anyway to help with the ambiance because you may have visions of the new york serendipity as shown in movies, reality shows, etc.After getting into Vegas- I had to hit up this place. It was 9pm or so and really was in the mood for one thing that's shareable and not a drink. We got the Forbidden Broadway Sundae which consisted of chocolate Blackout cake, ice cream, hot fudge topped with whipped cream. The cake was really thick- like brick thick and I think I needed more vanilla ice cream. If I just go by she said, my mom, sister and nieces had lunch there and shared a mac and cheese, blt, and frozen hot chocolate and thought the servings were HUGE. No kids menu so share.  My sister felt the water was g-ross.As far as service- our little waitress girl was attentive enough, though I heard a table yell for her a few times. We were served by someone else and we had no napkins which gets gooey after awhile. I'll go back for the frozen hot choc.Also- there is a window outside where you can order and eat out...but in the heat- eat/drink fast before your ice cream melts. And...kinda weird seeing pre-clubbers in mini-dresses down tons of food....but hey they can work it out.
2	Went here for dessert around 8:00ish on June 28. I had a craving for a rootbeer float so we put our name on the list and waited. Yes, I said we waited. It was Sunday night, in the summer, and we had to wait for an outside table. Yes, Las Vegas is hurting but sometimes you have to look really hard to see it - this place is doing great business as far as I can tell.Our server was really nice and quickly took our order. The rootbeer float was tasty. So why only two stars? Absolutely no value. It was way too expensive. Here's a tip - go to the Sugar Bowl in downtown Scottsdale, Arizona, to see a real ice cream parlor. The treats are just as good (if not better) and 1/2 the price.
4	Soo.. it's a bad value tourist trap. WELL DUH. A touristy restaurant from NYC (land of ridiculous prices) lands on the Vegas strip (one of the most pricey and touristy places on earth), what did you expect? I have 0 sympathy for those that thought this overly cute place on the strip would be a place to get a good deal. It is what it is. A cute tourist trap that's fun to take the kids to (or kids at heart!). My fiance and I dined at the bar - not wanting to endure the 30 minute wait on a Tuesday night or dine outside in the 109 degree weather. We met some lovely people and loved our dining experience. Margaritas were buy 1 get 1 free (grab a coupon from the pink hair chicks outside) and were pretty good tasting and relatively strong. Service was attentive. The atmosphere doesn't suit me much (all the pink and flowers), but it's cute if youre into that sort of thing.Now on to the food! Fiance had the shortrib pot pie and I had the ABC burger. The burger appeared to be on a pretzel like bun so i was disappointed to find sesame seeds and not salt on top (I'm a salt whore!). The burger was very tasty, but I wouldn't get it again. Next time I want a burger I'll stick to the burger specialty places on the strip (BLT, Strip Burger, Burger Bar) instead. Waffle fries were yummy. I'm rounding this up to 4 stars because my fiance adored his pot pie. Shortrib was awesome and the crust was flaky buttery goodness. I complained to the bartender I was too full to try the famous frozen hot chocolate so he made me a mini one for free! It was very tasty, but honestly if you order this you need to know you're drinking a freaking $10 milkshake. It's on the strip.. it's an experience.. it tastes good, but honestly I have yet to try a milkshake in my life that's worth $10. Being the alcoholic that I am.. I noticed they also have frozen hot chocolate concoctions with freaking booze in them! These were priced around $12 and seemed like a better deal (for some reason getting gauged on alcoholic drinks seems normal and totally ok!). Next time my eye is on one of those.
4	I came here in mind for one thing, and one thing only. Frozen Hot Chocolate!!Ordered the Double Frozen Hot Chocolate (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=2GqvSuIZfL0RB7_fqBGcGg). The waitress stuck so many straws in it. She obviously thought that I was going to share. Hah! All mine!! The drink is basically a pre-made hot cocoa drink, blended with ice. In this case, 'double' has ice cream blended in also. Yummy! Except difficult to drink unless it has melted into a light slush.Food here may seem a bit pricey, but the portions are huge!!! And its Vegas anyway, so spend that moneyyyy!
2	Food is not that great ..taste like fast food...but wouldn't mind going back there for the drinks and the desserts..
3	My sister introduced my son and I to the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate back in 2005 in NYC.   Even after hearing that few years later the health department had shut 'em down, it didn't tarnish my memories of that delicious drink.  I was hoping to relive that moment when visiting LV.   I hate to say it, but it just wasn't the same as NY.  It wasn't as "slushy" as I remembered.  It was just way overly melted and I only half way enjoyed it.  Maybe it was because we were sitting outside, but it really wasn't that hot out.  My grilled cheese sandwich on the other hand was fresh and cheesy-gooy.  Yum!
2	Unfortunately, my friends and I weren't thrilled with our "Serendipity" experience. A few of my friends spoke quite positively about the NY Serendipity location, so we thought we would give this one (located across from Caesars) a shot. We first went to their outside service window, to purchase a sundae and a few margaritas. The person at the outside window was able to sell us a sundae, but we were informed we had to go inside to get our drinks. This made sense to me and was really no big deal at all. However, once I went inside, the bartender oddly pretended that the 2 for one (Margarita) coupon I had, wasn't good for this location. Since I had just picked them up from a girl (hired by serendipity to bring in customers) right in front of this location, that didn't make much sense to me. After I pushed the issue, he accepted them. I'm usually pretty easy going, but that just didn't sit well with me. All in all, this location was sub-par and overpriced. The Margaritas were decent, but the ice-cream sundae was average, and the service was deceitful and poor.
4	I loved the NY location, and have been once every time I visit. I was extremely bewildered when I noticed a Serendipity 3 location on the Strip, having not visited in recent years, I was not in the know on the recent developments. It's an interesting idea to bring a beloved NY tourist trap to the strip, the decor was all too familiar, only at a larger scale. The food is about the same, and whoever thought of the takeout window is genius. Though, a more appealing take out sundae container would have made the experience more exquisite. Seeing my sundae sloshing around in a clear cup was not entirely appetizing.
1	gross! dont order the coffee with cinnamon and nutmeg. Ive drank alot of coffee in my days and i mean a LOT and ive never tasted something so nasty!!! my friend spat his sip out when i told him to try it haha. i wanted it iced because it was really hot outside but it tasted like coffee flavored water.i asked the waiter to take it back because i couldnt drink it anymore and asked for a soda instead. the soda tasted like heaven after the coffee haha.oooh and the mac and cheese pizza was not that tasty and they didn't take the coffee off the bill.....'nuff said. dont go here please.
4	Real score: 3.5 Stars.Imagine to my surprise a Serendipity3 would find its way west onto the Strip. Thanks to the success of that awful movie of the same name, I remember having to wait hours just to get into the tourist-famous NY original. And so yes, I did get excited upon discovery a Las Vegas location has opened up. I wanted to relive the Frozen Hot Chocolate experience again... yeah I'm lame.But this Serendipity is unlike the charming lil shop 'round the corner found in NY. For one, it's made bigger to accommodate the people walking through Caesar's, and it seems the menu has swelled to a myriad of food options. It's also eccentrically...pink throughout. This is what happens when you take a popular dessert shop and go Hollywood - you milk the name and turn it into a more accessible, tourist-friendly location (read: Instant $$ generator).Of course, while here you have to get their famous Frozen Hot Chocolate, which is really just a iced chilled chocolate smoothie to share.  At $8.50 it's not cheap, but hey you're in Vegas; that's only one less hand of blackjack to play. And man is it good... 108 degree summer weather good. I even came back the next day and got it to-go from their outside take-out window. Sure some may find it overhyped, but I like it so shut up. If you're not impressed, there's a Fat Tuesday around the corner to get wasted...The prices for food may be tad high, but the portions are big to go along with it. The foot long NY hotdog is, indeed, a foot long and for $11, it comes with waffle fries and a line of condiments to sprinkle on top. The steak sandwich (~$20) can be shared between 2. It's huge...that's what she said.So for pure convenience, Serendipity is a easy destination to check out while you're on the Strip. You won't get the true experience of the original, but who cares? Chances are you'll be too drunk already to care. Plus I hated the movie!
4	Really more of a 3.5...I've been dying to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate after seeing it in the movie. I can't help but fall for the tourist trap :) but I've heard about the crazy lines in New York so I never made it out there. To my surprise and delight, Serendipity 3 was on the Strip! And even better, no lines! I waited 10 minutes to be seated and thank goodness for inside seating because 107 weather is just not okay! The boyfriend and I shared the infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate and I found it quite refreshing and large enough to share for two (or maybe 3 even). Great for a cool down but I was expecting a little more because it tastes as it is named. Frozen Hot Chocolate = ice blended hot cocoa mix topped with a whole lotta whip cream and chocolate shavings. It tastes more like something I can replicate at home but am glad that I finally got to try it so thanks Vegas!
4	Good food here....I recommend the burger w/ bacon, blue cheese crumbles, & bbq sauce.  The wife had a burger w/ brie which was also good.  Seasoned waffle fries or sweet potato fries are great on the side.Although their signature item is the frozen hot chocolate, we didn't get that.  For dessert, we got the deep-fried oreos sundae.  Man...the fudge along with the deep fried oreos was AWESOME.  The deep fried oreos by themselves would have been great.The only down sides....it's a little pricey.  I would say that the service is a little slow, but when we were there, the place was really busy, so I'll let it slide this time.Letter grade:  B+
5	People...people...people...it's all about the PEANUT BUTTER FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!!!!!  This is the BOMB!!!! TRUST ME!!!!  It's a lil' bit more expensive then the Frozen Hot Chocolate...but it's SOOOOOOOOO...WORTH IT!!!Was there last weekend...only waited for 10 mins on a Saturday night...got there around 9pm.  Shared a pepperoni pizza with my husband and it was more then enough for 2 people.The menu is not as extensive as the NYC one and the decor is more like dr. seuss...but a definite place I will revisit if I am ever in Las Vegas again.
2	Ever since I saw the movie, I've been dying to try the famous "frozen hot chocolate"Yes, I know it's a tourist trapYes, I know it's not worth the $15 for a drinkYes, I know people have way over hyped this placeBut I still have hope that with one sip of the frozen hot chocolate, it would be the best drink I've ever had.Yes, I WAS DEAD WRONG!!People save your $15 bucks and put it towards gambling or something else.  Frozen hot chocolate tastes pretty much like any chocolate shake I've had for less then half the price.
3	I've been there twice now. First time was just for the frozen hot chocolate. I was expecting more when I tasted it. It was good, but I don't see what was so special about it. I went again recently and decided to try the Deep Fried Oreos. DAMN, this is one of the best desserts i've ever had. The Oreos were covered in a perfect batter, and the oreo's inside were warm and soft. This combo mixed with the cold oreo ice cream is a perfect match. I'd go to this place just for the deep fried oreos.
3	Frozen Hot Chocolate!! It was yummy! Probably not going back again but it's something to experience at least once. If you don't wanna shell out $10 bucks for a chocolate-y drink, you can also buy the mix for $5 bucks which makes 30 oz at home. If you enjoy trying out the touristy attractions then I'd go. Otherwise, I wouldn't eat here for a meal, the food was pricey and from looking at everybody's food it didn't look like anything spectacular.
4	I tried the dessert in NY and this time around I was going to try the food... I had the veggie burger with brie and it was fabulous, I got the sweet potato fries with it so good!  I've been there twice within the week  - my family and friends ordered the omelet (huge), turkey sand ( it was open faced), mac and chz pizza, margarita pizza, chicken appetizer, chicken cesear salad, and of course the yummy frozen hot chocolates and a blackout cake sundae.  You can skip the blackout cake it it super duper duper chocolately... I like chocolate and I could only eat one bite.  IT's like a chocolate cake and ganache in between.  Downfalls: pricey (paying for the name) and slow service (although there isn't a line like NY but still once you get in you should have to wait forever - we waited nearly 30 minutes to get our food after ordering)
3	Okay, so first this place smells. I don't know if it was the day we went or its a stench thats been there, but it definitely smells which already turns me off. Secondly, everything on the menu is ridiculously overpriced and not worth it. It is like overpriced diner food.HOWEVER, my friend and I did rather enjoy the frozzzen hot chocolate. We've tried to make it at home before and it was not as rich as this one. All in all, I would pay for the drink, not for everything else.
4	stopped by again on this trip! fine fine...i admit we stopped by TWICE!! but only ONCE did we get frozzen hot chocolate! i promise!!!!this time we walked from ballys to serendipity...that is a short walk but please remind urselves it was 115degrees this weekend ( ugh!!!!!!!!!! ) so hannah and i took the death walk here and the wait was 20minutes so we ordered from the TOGO window outside. we both got a frozen hot chocolate in a 16oz for a lil over $8 the 32oz was over $16 i think...the 1oz is good enough...it was sooooooooooooooooo yummmy. chocolatey and delish like the first time around. if ur a firsttimer/newbie i suggest u dine in though because its sooo much prettier then the togo plastic cups!!the second trip here was for us to pick up some frozen hot chocolate milk chocolate, crunch bars, and milk chocolate with almonds & the DIY frozen hot chocolate powder packages!! the chocolates for $2.50 each and the hotcoco was almost 5bucks.seriously all lactose intolerants BEWARE but MAN if im gona indulge in one extremely lactose item its gona be this one!!!!
5	The first time I visited Serendipity 3 was in New York.Although the experience were rather different, due to the fact that the one in New York was more antique, historical, and cozy, the one in Las Vegas definitely seemed more inviting and we did not have to wait!The food I have to say is ALWAYS incredible, and the frozen hot chocolate makes me so happy that I can die in the heat of Vegas after without regret or complaint. I screamed when I saw Serendipity 3 in Las Vegas. My heart was filled with joy! Please try it!
3	WARNING: The portions are ginormous, do not combine with alcohol as it will be serendipitous that you enter food coma upon exiting the eatery. I have yet to visit the original location in NYC, but I've been told that you should avoid the food at all cost and only come for the desserts - even then be prepared to bring seven of your closest friends in order to comfortably share and completely finish ONE slice of cake and frozen hot chocolate. I had the mistake of having eyes bigger than my appetite. I got greedy after looking over the menu and instead of just order ONE frozen hot chocolate, I ordered the CHOCOLATE BLACK OUT CAKE to accompany it to share with two others. * Frozen Hot Chocolate For the non-chocoholics: don't waste your money on this confection as it will probably taste like any old frozen blended chocolate concoction to you. However, if you dream/breathe in chocolate I highly recommend it as you can taste a slice of specialness at the end of each sip. I don't know if its a hint of nutmeg, a smidge of some unique cocoa, or even just cinnamon - but its pretty delicious! *Chocolate Black Out CakeI ordered this cake under pressure/pure excitement for just being at Serendipity. I was reading the anecdote on the front of how the three came to be and create Serendipity when it mentioned the cake. Seeing that it was spotlighted, I figured that I just HAD to have it. WARNING: DO NOT COMBINE FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE W/ CHOCOLATE BLACKOUT CAKE, no really, I don't care how much you believe that you love chocolate...because honestly, your insides are going to taste of chocolate for the next 24 hours because of the overdose of chocolate. Nonetheless, this is MY FAVORITE way to eat chocolate cake - SUPER rich and dense, dredged in chocolate ganache and piled high. Sadly, as ambitious and driven as my guests and I were we did not finish the tower of chocolate - one slice would have easily fed a 10 year old's birthday party. Price: you get what you pay for - order a few items, but bring a crowd, you'll need the back-up Atmosphere: whimsical and funOverall: Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll stop in the first night of the weekend, that way I'll have three days to finish the cake!
4	I didn't know this place was in a movie...Anyway, bf and I actually ate here twice in two days! We really liked it. The first time we split the onion ring tower and the black and blue burger. Both were really good. It was a lot of food, we still had onion rings left over, and I put them in a box and was determined to give to the next homeless person I saw, but I chickened out.Second time we went we had to wait a little longer, but we had the frozen hot chocolate, which I really liked. It was really chocolate-y, and I thought a lot less like a milk shake than I thought it'd be. I'd get it again. We split the bachelorette hot dog, which was eighteen inches long, and came with eight different topping, not including ketchup and mustard. It was so good! It was ginormous though- not only was it long, it was thick. Every girls dream ;) We weren't able to finish it, we were so stuffed (no pun intended), we didn't get to try any sundae's or deserts. Would definitely go back, worth every penny!Oh, and they have a thousand dollar sundae, which I would love to see in person one day...
3	So I finally got to try the famous frozen hot chocolate!  Although it was good, it wasn't as great as I expected it to be.  Plus it's expensive!!  That's all I had there so I can't really judge the other stuff, but just based on that, it was alright!  Maybe it was just too hyped up for me.  Or maybe it was due to the fact that I was tired, sticky and sweaty from the Vegas heat, and just kind of exhausted from the day (it was late).  Perhaps the OG New York location would be more exciting... I would try it there.  The atmosphere/ambiance is probably different there.
3	My girlfriend and I went on a tuesday evening.  It took us about 20 mins to get a table  Sweet refresher from the hot strip. Pricey and very crowded. World famous frozen hot chocolate tastes just like how it sounds. Wasn't very excited about it.
3	Cute. Cute name. Cute atmosphere. Cute presentation of food. Cute menus. Cute cute cute! But some of us would like more than cute from a world famous eatery thats been famed from a chick flick. The food was good.... but NOT for the price. The frozen hot chocolate was really good, but ive tasted similar things from starbucks for 1/3 the price and wait. However... I do recommend going to this place at least once. If youre a dude, make sure you bring a date. Not the type of place you go with the guys.
4	I've always wanted to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate but I've haven't had to chance to make it out to New York so I was extremely excited that they've opened up a Serendity 3 in Las Vegas.  When we got there, we only had to wait for about 5 minutes (this was about 9:00 at night on a Thursday).  My husband and I ordered a salad and we asked the waitress if we should order 1 or 2 frozen hot chocolate and she suggested 1 since we ordered something else.  The frozen hot chocolate was delicious, it taste like a milkshake but definitely not as thick as a normal milkshake.  I will definitely go back there for the frozen hot chocolate.  I can't really comment on the food since we only ordered a salad, but the salad I ordered was not bad, it had a lot of chicken on it and just the right amount of dressing.  I love the decor, it's very pink and pretty.
2	The food was decent..... but expensiveBUT THE WAITRESS SUCKEDTHE END!
3	I like this place :)i finally had a taste of the frozen hot chocolate.. and it is yummy.... had their fried oreos.. oh my.... that's an orgasm in your mouth. :x and we had the onion rings..... my favorite was the frozen hot chocolate.. I wouldn't get sick of eating it.... but i could with the fried oreos, plus the onion rings were just average for me...but the next time im in vegas.. i will swing by Caesars to grab the tasty concoction and try that friggin foot long hot dog! looks yummy in my tummy~
1	Avoid at all costs worst service in Vegas. The food is way over priced for the quality. If your looking for dessert in the Caesars Palace area I would reccomend the Cheesecake Factory in the Forum Shops at Caesars.
2	The restaurant decor is really cute. But that's it. The service didn't terribly suck, it was just typical. I ordered the fruity tutti drink, it was really good. To eat? I ordered the chili cheese dog, because i mean how could you mess up a chili cheese dog. The bun was very hard. Disappointed. I tried my friend's burger, it was ok... not the best. The food here is quite expensive though.
2	Crappy service. We had 3 waiter/waitress changes in a 30 min. span. All we went there for was desert. We waited about 25mins. just to get our fried oreos and frozen hot chocolate. Management needs to step up and run this place more efficiently. Oh, and the hosts suck too. How hard is it to smile and say hello, and then thank a customer on the way out?
3	The food is very good, just a bit pricey for what you get.  I had a burger, which was a bit over done, but tasted great anyway.  The sweet potato fries that came with it were very good as well.  I have to say, after tasting my friend's Mac and Cheese Pizza...  If I had ordered that, this might be a 4 or 5 star review.  It was tasty.  I had a small sip of the frozen hot chocolate and it was a great chocolate flavor and nice, silky consistency.  The spinach dip was so-so.  In all, not a bad place, and the prices are good for their location, but the food doesn't quite back it up.
4	Double Frozen Hot Chocolate- heaven, nuff said.
5	I LOVE SERENDIPITY. The decor is so cute, all pinks and oranges, so girly. They have the option to order to-go outside, or eat in. of course we ate in! they have a little shop inside the restaurant where you can buy some serendipity merchandise, but it was quite small, i kind of wished it was more. the wait for a table wasn't too bad, ~20 min? for a table for 3 around noonish.my friend and i split a stack of onion rings, and their foot-long hot dog with sweet potato fries. I also go their infamous frozzen hot chocolate, and my other friend ordered a chocolate cappuccino and a Caesar salad. the foot was AMAZING. we barely got through our foot-long hot dog, barely touched the sweet potatos and onion rings though we tried our best, everything was SO GOOD and the portions were HUGE. My friend's Caesar salad was like a mountain! the croutons were the size of mini dinner rolls! and the frozzen hot chocolate.....O.M.G.that thing came in like a goblet the size of a coconut, piled high with whipped cream and chocolate shavings. i've never tasted something so divine. i loved how it was sooooo chocolately, but without the intense sugar. this thing was more about the rich cocoa flavor than the sugar, the way chocolate drinks should be!and our waiter! he was the most adorable man ever. he was so sweet and attentive. he was quick with the orders and delivering our food, made us a fresh batch of the frozzen hot chocolate when we were unable to finish ours but wanted to take the rest to go (because it isnt' good if it's not fresh, according to him) and had the bluest eyes i've ever seen.....twas a pity he was unavailable =Pmy friends and i have declared this a must-go-to every time we're in vegas!
4	FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!!!Very cute, girly type of place from the gigantic menu to the colorful seating. The food looked okay but we were there for only the drinks - frozen hot chocolates! It was a delicious treat from the Vegas 100 degree weather. The outside patio overlooks the strip and they have misters. Service was okay.
2	I know I know! I might get kicked off YELP for this one, but please dont be mad at me fellow foodies. I was super duper calafragalisticly excited to finally try the frozen hot chocolate! This was the only reason I came. So...I came, sat, ordered the famous (trademarked) frozen hot chocolate and I was sooooooooooo disappointed. It really looked and tasted like a thinned out chocolate milkshake or straight up cold chocolate milk with melted whip cream. OMG!! I was so crushed, it literally felt like a high school break up right before prom! The food looked good though, from what I saw on other tables. So I would probably come back to nosh on some grub, but as for the frozen hot chocolate that Oprah swore by, I would kick myself if I order it again!!The decor was super cute, looked like Betsey Johnson decided to decorate with the oversized deco and pink. Loved the Tiffany inspired lamp shades.
3	Unfortunately, I never got to try the Serendipity in New York. My friend and I were on a 3 hour waiting list and we were late by 15 minutes and we would have had to wait another 2 hours or so.So I was VERY excited when I spotted Serendipity on my last Vegas trip and vowed that I would try it next time I was in Vegas. The wait wasn't long. About 15-20 minutes so the bf & Igambled at Caesar's while we waited.We decided to have lunch here and then have the famous Frozen Hot Chocolate. I ordered the Cheese Ravioli and the bf ordered Chicken Pot Pie. My ravioli was nothing special. I liked the thin slices of Parmesan cheese on top but that was about it. The bf's Pot Pie was also mediocre. Now on to the Frozen Hot Chocolate........ It was good. Think melted Haagen Dazs chocolate ice cream. I don't know if it's worth a 2 hour wait but it's good and refreshing especially on a scorching summer day. Next time, I'm just going to order it from the Takeout Window and avoid the wait.
3	I only wish I went to NYC's location.  Food was ok.  I got the chinese chk salad.  Was really there for the frozen coco drink.  I guess I had a high expectations of it. Drink is overated.  If I drank the coco drink in NYC then maybe the ombience would made it better.  Service was standard.  I wish it only had more decor...seems kind of plain.
4	OMG SO YUMMMYY!!!!!!The cotton candy martini's were helllla good and got me and my girl tipsy!  I head the pear and she had the apple, "strong and sweet" exactly what I asked for.We also ordered the 3 cheese grilled cheese sandwich with came with tomato soup (with goldfish in them already...too cute) and the foot long hot dog with waffle fries.  ALL HELLA GOOD!  It was a perfect combination of comfort food and greasiness to recover from our tiredness and hangovers so that we could start drinking againFor dessert we shared the fried oreo ice cream sundae.  OMG I am seriously craving that thing right now.  It was amazing!!! Fried oreos, with cookies and cream ice cream, hot fudge, and marshmallow spread.  TO DIE FOR.Our server was super nice and really helpful.  So big ups for that!I'm def making a trip to their store in NYC when I'm there in a few weeks.
2	THE ORDER:Frozen Hot Chocolate (what a rip off)YYYIIPPPEEE:It was 110 & it was cold         that is the best thing i can sayBBBOOO& i thought Starbucks was expensive       Frozen hot chocolate ($8) = Mocha Frappuccino ($4)SUMMARY:Nothing special       go to McDonalds & get an Iced Mocha ($2)
3	I was so excited to have a Serendipity here in Vegas because the frozen hot chocolate sounded amazing.  I have wanted to try it for years.  You're going to get in regardless of what I say; but it really isn't very good.  I really wanted to like it!  I don't know what the heck my husband and I were thinking; we each ordered a frozen hot chocolate.  It's big enough for 1-3 people to share, more if you're not an "eater" like me.  The food is presented in a cool way but tasted just "okay".   My husband had the chicken fingers and I had an Asian chicken salad.  We went a little early for lunch and did not have to wait for a seat but we waited a really long time for our bill.
1	I was super excited to see that there was a Serendiptiy in Vegas. This was my first stop before hitting the roulette table. I quickly ordered the 12oz frozen hot chocolate for $10 bucks and what I got tasted like a.......MOCHA FRAPPUCCINOWTF???this place is totally hyped... I should have gone to starbucks to save time and money!
4	Hot dog was awesome. The one sided chicken sandwich was also great. A little messy but it's fun. Had the sweet potato fries as well. Very sweet and cooked just right. Every day we stayed at Caesar's, we stopped by to get the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. So good.Most of the lower reviews mentioned something about service but our guy was attentive and we were seated right away. Maybe that's because we were here on a Tuesday evening but everythig was great. The only reason this isn't a five star is because I'm such a huge fan of Nathan's and the price, but other than that I look forward to visiting the original location in New York.
3	I thought Serendipity was just okay. I found their appetizers to be whatevers, avoid them if you can. I shared the Steak and Egg sandwich with 2 other girls and it was really good. Don't get greedy and try to get this to eat by yourself. It is really big. It comes on a baguette, it has eggs (over easy), steak, cheese, and bacon. If you don't like your eggs runny, get them over medium. This sandwich is really good, I enjoyed a lot. The bread is a little tough but wow the flavors on this sandwich just hit the spot. If i come back here, I just want to come for this item. Get it with the sweet potato fries, those were pretty good too.The frozen hot chocolate is good at first, but be a bit much for one person, just share it. I was not really crazy over the frozen hot chocolate but i think if i was craving chocolate i would want this.
4	I've always wanted to try serendipity 3 after seeing it in mags and shows. too bad i live in the west coast and there wasn't any here. but now that they opened one in vegas i was super hyped to try their food especially their frrrozen hot chocolate. if you are going to vegas around this time of year, you have to stop by for their desserts. my first experience with the frrrozen hot chocolate was amazing. it's super chocolately and it could be a drink with a meal or dessert on it's own. it's definitely worth trying when it's super hot outside. if dessert is not your thing, they also offer a variety of non dessert related food. i tried their foot long chili dog and it looks bigger than a foot long. it comes with small dishes of condiments that you can put on your dog. this is something you will need to use with a fork and knife.
4	I've been to the NY establishment where the wait is 4 hours. I had to try the one here since they just opened it. They are known for their famous frozen hot chocolate. They even have a statue of it. The food is pretty good and big portions. The salads are huge and the BLT is superb. I loooove coming here because it is such a cute, girly establishment. My bf does not like it but I would come here for a cute lunch with girlfriends. On a nice day it's great to sit outside with a view of the strip.
1	I finally stopped by with my girl to try the frozen hot chocolate after reading so many rave reviews about it.  I decided to get the 32oz for $15 since our sweet tooth was really buggin' out.  What I got was instant hot chocolate powder blended with milk and ice, which I could have made myself for about $0.75.  I don't know how good the food is but based on one of their signature dessert items, this place is a joke.  Do yourself a favor and grab an ice-blended mocha from the Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf at Lake Mead and Tenaya, that's what frozen hot chocolate should taste like.
4	I didn't make it to the original in NYC....so seeing one in Vegas warmed my heart or was that the heat from the desert...not sure, but what I am sure of this place wasn't cheap.  I ordered a cheeseburger, with bire, onions, mushrooms and a side of fries...$17...my husband ordered a pepperoni pizza...$17....I had a coupon for a free frrozen hot chocolate (a $10 value)....$14 sundae....our lunch came to $60!  The food was really good, I mean really good, except for the frrozen hot chocolate, I wasn't a fan of this.  I didn't care for the chunks of ice floating in it.  I would eat here again whenin Vegas.  As the dessert portion of the menu looked awesome!
4	I came here because a couple of my friends were raving about this place. I was here last week and it was super hot 105 degrees me and the boyfriend walked here from Cesar's palace now that may not be that far but in 105 degrees it feels like its a mile walk. So we get there and of course the inside is packed so we told the lady we wanted to sit outside.. thinking that we wouldn't have to wait because when we walked by there were only a couple of people outside. The lady told us 20-30 minutes! Like are you kidding me? There's no one even outside and its freakin 105 degrees that makes me grumpy. Finally 30 minutes later we get seated. I eye balled the frozen hot chocolate but the strawberry supreme was more appealing to me! And it was really good.. I didn't pay much attention to the customer service because I was too tired and too hot to even pay attention or care. I just wanted to cool down! I would come back but I hope I don't ever have to wait that long to be seated when there isn't even that many people sitting down.
4	I first found out about Serendipity through an episode of Oprah's Favorite Things years ago. She raved about the Frozen Hot Chocolate. It was not until last month that I was able to try one and it was worth the wait. There's plenty of pictures of them on Yelp now but the taste is something everyone should experience for themselves. It's really rich so be prepared to not be able to finish the whole thing.I ordered the foot long hot dog and it wasn't that great. It leads me to think that the taste of food the rest of the food to be a bit lacking but I honestly don't see this place as somewhere I'd want to have lunch or dinner at. It WOULD be the place that I will take my friends and family to for an awesome drink I can't get anywhere on this side of the US. It being right smack on Las Vegas Blvd is enough to tell me that this place is specifically for tourists and that's fine with me.The quality of service is fair. My needs were tended to in a timely manner but don't expect any of the staff to be interested in why you're there. I'll definitely be back.
4	My first and only visit to the famous Serendipity in New York City gave me the opportunity to try one thing only - the Frozen Hot Chocolate.  And I had fond memories of that delicious dessert that I drank up all by myself that rainy and cold day on the East Coast.With the recent opening of Serendipity 3 on Las Vegas Boulevard, I had a whole new setting to experience this lovely and decadent drink.  Heading there for lunch on a weekday, we chose to sit outside despite the breeze.  Our friendly and spirited waiter was patient with us as we took forever to order.Lorna D. started off her beverage choice with their Mochaccino "Our Own Brew of Rich Chocolate and Aromatic Espresso with a Topsy Turvey Whipped Cream Peak" *$5).  It was a yummy drink that tasted more chocolaty than espresso-like.For lunch, our friend chose the Breakfast Steak Sandwich "NY Steak, Sunny Side Up Eggs, Smoked Pepper Bacon, Cheddar and Jack Cheeses" ($20) with Sweet Potato Fries.  Now, it does seem quite pricey, but these orders are really meant to be split.  Three large eggs laid their sunny eyes up as bacon spilled out from the sides.  Lorna D. was craving more of a breakfast item and had the Central Park "Casper, with Spinach, Avocado and Swiss Cheese" ($14) with Coleslaw.  It's a six egg white omelet folded gently with avocado slices on top.  It was definitely more than enough food and she liked the coleslaw too.I went for the High Heel Pump "Prosciutto, Buffalo Mozzarella, Tomato, Basil Pesto and Balsamic Glaze" ($16) with Sweet Potato Fries.  Looking absolutely gorgeous as an open-faced sandwich, it yearned to be shared.  The flavors of the prosciutto, mozzarella, tomato, pesto, and glaze worked so perfectly together.  I couldn't wait to bring some home for the Husband to taste!  (And it tasted very good later as leftovers, we even toasted it when we got home. Yum!)  The sweet potato fries were really good too, the perfect amount of sweetness and a sprinkling of salt leaves you without the need for a dipping sauce of any kind.  Of course we couldn't go without having their Frrrozen Hot Chocolate ($9.75)!  Yum! So decadent, so delicious and still as good as I remembered!  Perfect for a party of two or three to share!Service was still friendly by the end, but business had picked up so it took a bit longer to get to go boxes and things like that.Overall, Serendipity 3 does things right.  Don't be turned off by the high prices, just plan on sharing everything!  It's the perfect ending to a date!
1	I went with a group of friends to Serendipity on a Sunday afternoon. It was blistering hot and frozen anything sounded good.The drinks... friends said the frozen hot chocolate was tasty. Just like the place in NY. I had the cranberry mojito (yes they serve alcohol at this one) and it was more than decent too and bloody expensive. But hey, I ordered it knowing it would be $$$. The service.... it sucked, sucked, sucked. The adult staff left the building and the children were in charge. No one at Serendipity knew WTF was going on. We were told it would be a 20 minute wait for a table. We waited 45 minutes. We asked for an indoor table and were told we had asked for an outside table.  Hun, thanks but no thanks. Its 110 degrees. Not even mad dogs and Englishmen are sitting outside. We get inside and there are a bunch of empty tables. Why the long wait? The ordering went pretty fast and smooth. Then the drinks came and we received the wrong order. After pointing it out to our waiter he replied we never asked for "that". Then he says, "So do you want it?" meaning do we want what we ordered. Umm, yeah. Duh... He was totally rude about it. So rude we asked to see the manager. We had to wait over 10 minutes for the cashier to hunt down the manager. Why it took so long is beyond me. The place isn't big. Was she hiding in the restroom? Anyway the manager apologized for the bad service which was a step in the right direction. Serendipity in NY is great. Too bad this one can't match it.
3	Great ambiance, love the decor & music.  They really had the right idea of creating a fun place. HOWEVER, our service was horrible, the chick was rude and the food was SOOOOOOOOOOOO expensive.  I spent $22 for a salad and a soda. What the eff? Other than that, GREAT! I was a little disappointed after reading the reviews, it was talked up too much (for me anyway).
3	This place has awesome desserts, but the service is lacking. It's a tiny place so our wait for a table indoors (who wants to be outside eating ice cream when it's 105+??) for 4 people was over 30 minutes. i'm glad we did wait because the sundaes were amazing! i got the black & white sundae, way too big for 2 people even! we could only eat about half. The hostess was rude, and annoyed that we were waiting inside for our name to be called. The server didn't really check on us at all, just the 1st "what would you like" then the "here's your food, enjoy" maybe they have too many tables, TDK. Overall, cute place to stop in for dessert with a group.
3	I was super excited to try this place ..well 'cause of the movie! This place was REALLY CUTE! The Tiffany lamp..condiment holder things at the center of each table and just the overall decor reminded me kind of like alice and wonderland. I had a hard time deciding what to eat but I ended up with the high heel pump. It was pretty good, definitely different. I thought the sandwich was HUGE. I saved it for dinner :) The fries were good but I feel like I can get the same thing at Carl's Jr at half the price..maybe getting chips would've been a better idea...My friends got the ravioli, pizza with tomatoes and chicken noodle soup. The ravioli and pizza seemed mediocre, nothing special.The friend who ordered the chicken noodle soup was RAVING about it but being hungover may have been a factor.... haha We topped off our meal, of course, with frozen hot chocolate! I guess it's overhyped but it was bad either. Maybe one day I'll try the $1,000 one :P As for service, everyone was saying how it wasn't good...but I thought it was pretty good. The server came over a few times to ask how our meal was and he was friendly! No complaints here I looked at other tables and they seemed to order burgers and salads...and the portions were HUGE..maybe I should try those sometime..But I'm not sure if I would come back because dude, i'm in vegas..why settled for burgers&salads?! I also saw their omelettes...it looked monstrous..in a good fattening way :) OHthe frozen hotchocolate is like..$1.20 cheaper at the outside to-go window!
2	I was here about a month and a half ago on a trip to visit my future mother in law.  I am a New Yorker who has been to the original a few times.  The big disappointment about this place for me is that it has lost most of the charm of the original.  I didn't mind not having to wait outside online for over an hour like you would at the Gotham original, but most of the kitsch factor wasn't translated to the Sin City outpost.  In its place is a manufactured and sanitary "coolness" that comes across as too cute by half.The Frrrrozen Hot Chocolate is, of course, excellent, as many other reviewers have touched upon.  The mac and cheese pizza was an interesting and tasty dish.  Service was competent, though a little sluggish.  I'm giving this one a low rating because I feel that there are better places to go in Vegas, and anyone who wants the Serendipity 3 experience would be better suited to check out the one in New York.In short, this is a New York classic that has been given a Las Vegas makeover, and it falls short.
2	I was excited to try this place since I heard so much rave reviews during my visit in NY.  I was disappointed.....!!We went on a Tuesday @ 1:00pm and we had a flight to catch at 3:30.  There was no line and the service was quick.  We ordered chicken wings, ABC burger, and strawberry sundae.  THe portions were huge, but everything tasted very mediocre... For the quality of the food, I think it is overpriced!I think out of everything... I only enjoyed the sweet potato fries.... :(
3	After reading all the mixed reviews about this place, I just decided to come by here with an open mind.  Only came here to order what the place was known for, the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate!  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw) It didn't disappoint me, it was so good, especially on a hot day that was 105 degrees.  So like what happened to other Yelpers, our waiter disappeared on us numerous times.  It's a shame their service is subpar, I'd probably eat here more often as their entrees look huge and delicious for both breakfast and lunch.  I guess coming here would be a hit or miss for some, for me it was down the middle.
5	(singing) SERENDIPITY DO DAHHH SERENDIPITY DAY.....MY OH MY WHAT A WONDERFUL DAY....PLENTY OF SUNSHINE IN MY WAY....SERENDIPTY DO DAHHH SERENDIPITY DAY!!!! OH YES IT MADE MY DAY.FOR ALL YOU CHOCOHOLICS....THIS IS DEFINITELY THE SPOT TO GET YOUR CHOCOLATE CRAVINGS TAKEN CARE OF.....THE SIGNATURE 'FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE' IS DEFINITELY A MUST!!!! This is perfect dessert you can share it with your friend  or indulge all by yourself and have the ultimate OH OH OH yeahhhhh experience. LOVED IT! I SWEAR I WAS RAVING ABOUT IT ALL WEEKEND. IT IS DEFINITELY 5 STAR TASTE ALL THE WAY BABY.Okay if I was a vegas local maybe I'd dock star because it's like $10 a pop. However since I'm only in Vegas a couple times a year...HECK YAH I'm gonna pay $10 for it and it's worth it. Service was great and our servers were super chill. Decor was cute.I also love that you don't have to wait the 3+ hours like you do in for the original one if  NYC (at least for now when everyone doesn't really know about it). If you're not in a rush I recommend to wait to get seated inside because it's nice and cool with AC. This weekend our group of 8 girls were in a rush so we opted for the quick wait before be seated at the outside patio. Outside they have misters and fans blowing trying to keep everyone cool in the 100+ degree weather. Wish I we ate inside because our dessert melted super fast...but maybe next time. For those on the run they have a 'TO GO' window too. Alright!Woohoo...all I have to do is take a 1 hour to fly to Vegas and I'm good. Now if only they'd open one up in the Bay Area.DEFINITELY ONE OF THE HIGHLIGHTS OF THIS PAST WEEKEND! NEXT TIME I'M GETTING MY OWN. He he...THIS DEFINITELY WON'T STAY A VEGAS SECRET FOR LONG!
4	I am so glad they opened one in LV so we don't have to wait til NY. Now open in SF, please.I loved the peanut butter frrrozen hot choc and the original. Its been said.  The service was 5 star and when we chose to eat outside vs waiting for an inside table, the server kept our ice water full - it was 110 degrees out.The bachelorette party hot dog ... fun, right? Suggestively long - and came with all the best condiments, but the dog itself was super salty. Maybe we were dehydrated from being in the desert, but wow. Most of my friends - we split it between 4 - took a bite and stopped eating. I ate my share because I was drunk and hungry and the Bachelorette. ;)
5	My jaw dropped when our food came out. Portions were HUGE!! I came here with my 2 girlfriends and we only managed to finish the chicken chop salad and the nacho cheese hot dog (which was 18 inches long. YIKES!!)  We didn't even touch the cheeseburger that we ordered so we took that to go. After we came home from the clubs at night, we ate it and it was dry.  The salad was incredibly good and the hot dog came with all lots of cute little side dishes filled with different condiments. We intended on trying their famous desserts but we were stuffed! It's definitely a good place to go with your gal pals...it's pretty and pink! The servers are attentive and fun. And being in the ambiance and decor instantly puts you in a good mood.
2	serendipity.  who hasn't seen the cheesy romantic comedy? either way, i'd heard about the ice cream shop/cafe through the movie and several shows on the food network.  i haven't gotten the chance to hit it up in NY yet, so i was stoked to find out that they had a location in vegas! since the bf and i were there already, we decided to give it a try.  and of course we had their famous frozen hot chocolateboth of our first sips were like "eh" but as we kept drinking it (i mean, who wouldn't? i paid 10 bucks for this thing.  i'm gonna finish it) it tasted better and better.  i gotta say, the little chocolate shavings were a nice little treat.  by the time we got to the bottom of the bowl, my bf and i were fighting over them.  i'm glad i tried it and it was pretty tasty, but i would much rather get my chocolate br blast from baskin robins for a third of the price that tastes just as yummy
3	I came her for the first time when I went to Vegas with two other friends. The first time I heard of this place was from television and of course, it was the Golden Opulence Sundae that I wanted to get. BUT It's 1,000 dollars.So I decided to settle for their signature dessert, frozen hot chocolate. Since there was three of us, we decided to get the one that was meant for two.And we got a sundae.The sundae came out and it didn't look that great. It just looked like a normal sundae. Not worth the money for the sundae. But when the frozen hot chocolate came it  was HUGE. It was for two people and we couldn't finish it, but we did. It took all of our effort to finish it.But zOmg, it was sweet. Like it had wayyyyy too much sugar. Sugar-overload.Overall, the place was alright. I think the one good thing getting here is the frozen hot chocolate and their golden opulence sundae. Their food on the menu seemed pretty normal. I think the only thing is that even though it's a pretty simple menu, the portions are HUGE.
3	I was disappointed by their "signature frozen hot chocolate". This is pretty much ice blended with hot chocolate. It's so ordinary that it makes Starbucks lattes look gourmet. Save your 8 dollars and go buy youself 2 Starbucks drinks.I would only go here again for the atmosphere. It's a cute place...but the food is SO ordinary. It's ridiculous that this place is so popular that they built one in Vegas. BLAH~
4	This review is only for the FROZEN CHOCOLATE! I've been to the original Serendipity in New York and I like that restaurant a lot more. There's more character to that place. The one in Vegas is way too orange and pink. I guess it fits with Vegas. I have to admit there's a lot of room here. Very different to the den-like feel of the NY location. My friends and I were at the bar and ordered the frozen hot chocolate. I barely tasted the "hot" part but it was still so good. Maybe it was the 115 degree weather outside or all the walking my friends and I did on the strip but that frozen hot chocolate hit the spot. Frozen blended goodness! It was truly refreshing! 3 of us shared it and we still didn't finish it. It was a huge portion. Love the chocolate shavings! I wish I could have another one right now. MMMM!
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE SERVICE!!my husband and i waited for about 45 minutes (the place was HALF EMPTY!) - and the waiter paid most of his attention to the women seated at other tables. the frozen hot chocolate was 1/2 whip cream! i've been to the original one in NYC and thought i would expect the desserts AND service to be as good....i would give this place a 1/2 star if i could!
3	Came here when I was sick, so I don't believe I got the full Serendipity 3 experience as I did not try a frozen hot chocolate!! My sisters and I shared 3 different appetizers: potato skins, chicken tenders, and spinach & artichoke dip. Of the 3, I only really liked 2. The spinach & artichoke dip tasted like it was missing something. I'll have to come back for frozen hot chocolate.
4	Yippie-kay-yay- mother  #@$%!!!I came to a screeching halt on the strip.  One should never come to a screeching halt on the strip.  After many middle fingers and one lousy parking job atop the Flamingo, I ran all the way there with visions of ice cream dancing in my head, and my drunk friends thinking we were getting 2-for-1 Jager shots.It was most heavenly.  The only bad part is the prices, like seriously you want me to pay between 13-24 bucks for ice cream???......oooo-kay...of course I had the frozen hot chocolate, my friend had the black and white sundae, which we are sure at least had marshmallow creme, hot fudge and white chocolate but for the life if us we can not tell you what kind of ice cream we were gogrging by the fistfulls.  I saw some little kids plate with popcorn chicken and popcorn and thought it was the darn cutest thing ever.  So now I never have to go to NYC again, I mean we even found a friggin Dunkin on the way out!  It was almost, serendipidous...
5	We've been here twice for dessert, and really the desserts are the only interesting items in their huge menu.  The most important thing that you should know is that the Double Frrrozen Hot Chocolate is soooo much better than the regular one, so please order accordingly.  Only the Vegas location has this.   It's a few dollars more but after all the effort you've put into getting there (to Serendipity AND to Vegas) I think you'd deserve it! It's heaven in an overflowing glass, and so good that when the waiter isn't looking you will surreptitiously take your straw from the glass and stick it into the plate to suck up the overflow.  Don't worry, everyone does it. The main difference between the regular one and the Double is the much more chocolate-y taste in the Double, I think it even has dark chocolate in it. The Broadway Sundae is also a must-try, it's the most decadent sundae I've ever had and almost better than the Double Frrrozen Hot Chocolate!  So delicious, we actually considered going back for more the very next day.   Thank God I'm a local.   The easiest and quickest  way to get there is just to leave your car with the valet at Caesar's, since the restaurant is right on the strip in front of the hotel.  Otherwise you can walk, and by walk I mean hike, from either Caesar's parking lot at the other end of the hotel, or Bellagio's across from Caesar's.  Wait time for a table is usually 20 to 40 minutes.
5	I FELT LIKE I WAS CHEATING ON MY BOYFRIEND BECAUSE I FOUND A NEW LOVE!Good thing he was there with me and loved it as well. ;) The word 'serendipity' means "The art of finding the pleasantly unexpected by chance or sagacity. " or "A fortunate accident" like in the movie of the same name. Passing by in a taxi cab was how we saw this new Caesar Palace location!We shared their signature Frrrozen Hot Chocolate which was ginormously devine! It tastes like a fudgesicle bar blended up with chocolatey goodness. It definitely lived up to all its hype! Good thing we came on an empty stomach because we also shared their Strawberry Fields Sundae which had 3 fat scoops of strawberry ice cream, a big slice of yummy cheesecake, fresh whip cream, all topped with strawberries! Holey moley it was huge as well!The desserts were heavenly! I would definitely come back every time I'm in Las Vegas! Make sure you share with a friend since all of their food portions are insane!
2	"I wish that I knew what I know now When I was younger. I wish that I knew what I know nowWhen I was stronger. " With "Ooh La La" by Ronnie Wood & Ronnie Lane playing in the back of my mind as I am writing this review, my experience at Serendipity 3 may have been different had I ordered their frozen hot chocolate that all the other reviewers seem to have enjoyed.  Unfortunately, without yelp by our side for the weekend (I didnt feel that I needed to play $13 for wireless internet when I was on vacation), we could only rely on our waitress.  "I wish that I knew what I know now When I was younger. I wish that I knew what I know nowWhen I was stronger. " We were just there for dessert, and I was definitely not ordering their Golden Opulence Sundae, which was available for $1,000!!  Yes, $1,000!!!  The Golden Opulence Sundae actually holds the Guiness World Record for "most expensive dessert."  O____O.  Yeah, so... No, we did not order that.  We were recommended their "Can't Say 'No' Sundae," which was $14.  It seemed like a good idea at the time compared to the 1k sundae.  The sundae cup was glued down to the plate with chocolate fudge.  It had two bananas, peanut butter chocolate cake, two scoops of coffee and vanilla ice cream, topped with whipped cream (which was 50% of the sundae) and a cherry on top. "I wish that I knew what I know now When I was younger. I wish that I knew what I know nowWhen I was stronger. " It was definitely not worth $14.  I could have easily made myself a better sundae than the one that we had.  "I wish that I knew what I know now...."  I would have probably ordered their frozen hot chocolate and probably would have been a lot happier leaving there.  Not sure if I would return, I'll consider it.... but Meh!  There are just way too many choices in Vegas for dessert that I'm not sure Serendipity 3 deserves a second chance...."I wish that I knew what I know now When I was younger. I wish that I knew what I know nowWhen I was stronger. "
2	After reviewing the many comments of this place, I decided to check it out for myself. Here is a recap:Service: Hostess - Seemed tired, overworked.. not so cheery. When asked which frozen hot chocolate she recommended, her response lacked any interest and service. Not impressed at all.Food: Ordered the regular frozen hot chocolate. Not a sweet tooth kind of person. So it was a bit overrated in my opinion. Tastes like a melted super rich chocolate malt that you will need to workout for the next 5 days to burn those crazy calories. If you like that sort of dessert, then go for it. Also ordered the Thai Beef Salad. DO NOT ORDER THIS. for $17 you get the cheap cabbage/lettuce, 4-5 tiny slices of fatty beef, and tons of fried noodles and other colorful garnish on the plate. My overall recommendation... is just go get some regular RIte Aid ice cream and take a picture of the place. For the ridiculous cost of the items of the menu and the half decent service.. this place has a lot to learn about maintaining the quality and standards of a notable establishment. Save the extra workout and calories... Overrated.
3	Oh me, oh my.  I really wanted to LOVE this location because I truly heart the NY spot.  But, I just couldn't it do it in the end.  My heart wasn't in it.  It wasn't them, it was me.  No, wait, I take that back - it really was them... Serendipity 3 exudes the decadence that you've come to know and love from Vegas.  Feast your eyes - and bellies! - on the indulgent dessert concoctions and specialty cocktails from the full bar. There is a HUGE menu... literally.  But on our visit, there was only one thing I had on my mind: the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate.  *sigh*  It just makes me so happy.  Hee.  A blend of chocolates, rich in flavor, blended into a velvety smooth and creamy frozen beverage.  If my review was solely on the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, hands-down 5  stars.  But everything really paled in comparison.  The rest of the food is just okay.  And the service is horrible.  Our waitress made it a point to say, "See, wasn't that quick service...?"  Um, sweetie, NO.  There was a couple next to our table that walked out after being ignored by the staff.  If you do come by, I recommend the dessert... and that is definitely worth the wait.  Not as serendipitous as I would've liked, but still quite pleasant nonetheless.  :)
2	Really? That's it?I have heard about this place for, forever, and I had no idea they had a restaurant in Vegas. So, of course, from the moment I saw that it was across from our hotel I was dead set on it. Frozen Hot Chocolate? Hot Chocolate is way high up on my list of vices/obsessions and I was way over due for one with it being summer. I made a point to grab one despite being super busy and didn't even bother to look at the menu for anything else, I mean, a signature is your signature for a reason. I ordered from the take out window and there was no wait, they whipped it up right away.And what did they whip up? What tastes like powdered hot chocolate mix and ice and milk? This thing. The whipped cream was good, and there were some good white chocolate shavings on top, but that was it. I figured when I ordered it that it would be too sweet to finish (even though I got the small) and I was right. I think the big thing was that it wasn't worth finishing. My friend took one sip and said "gross" but I made it half way through. Was it ok? Yeah. Would I pay $10 again? No way. If someone gave it to me and I wanted chocolate I would probably drink it though. Oh snap. That was a bad review.The only reason it gets 2 stars is that I hold out hope that the normal food menu is better.
3	The first time I ate here was pretty interesting.  My friend and I spotted it as we were driving down the strip and thought it would be a great place to have lunch.  We decided to sit outside, which probably wasn't the best idea.  It was hot (as it always is during the summer in Vegas) and the mist that sprays around you doesn't really help.  We decided to start with the All In Nachos, which were amazing!! It definitely hit the spot to help heal our hangover.  I had a cheeseburger with criss cut fries and she had the footlong hot dog with sweet potato fries.  Both were decent, but not anything to drool over.  Our waiter was actually a pretty nice guy, but unfortunately I think he was either still drunk from the previous night or maybe even a little high.  He actually poured water into my friends almost empty Sierra Mist glass.  Also, we asked him for a few condiments that he completely forgot.  My second experience here was good too... had the nachos again, which were just as good.  Had a salad this time instead of the hamburger, which again was just okay.  Overall a pretty good experience.
5	So we're on the Deuce rolling along the strip when we passed by Serendipity 3. My sister and I literally let out squeals of delight and started screaming "we gotta come here for dessert!!!" yes, we did, in a bus full of strangers and we were possibly jumping up and down in the process. Did i mention, I'm 29 and my sister is 26.. and yes we still get excited for ice cream. What we didn't realize, was there was this Buddhist shrine that's been donated to Cesare's and was placed right in front of Serendipity (super random right?) It was incredibly gorgeous with sand pits for incense, and they even provided incense and matches for prayers! Being the Buddhist we are, my sister, mommy and i promptly lit up and did some prayers. Was funny because there were all these people passing by us and they started taking pictures of us during our prayer. YEA US! What I Thought: We got there around 9:30pm on a weds night and the wait was only 25 mins. We were seated indoors (thank god, even at night it was bloody hot) I've heard so much about Serendipity (blame food network) i was extremely excited we found time in our schedule to stop by. And yes, i realize the "frozen hot chocolate" is really just glorified chocolate milk, but the point is.. I REALLY WANTED ONE!!! (damn you perky Rachel Ray for putting the thought in my head) Who I Dragged Along: Ros and our Mommy Atmosphere: Uber cute!, very sweet candy shop feel. Price: For the 3 of us, the total was $50-something including tax and tip. What We Ate: We decided to share a meal since we knew we wanted to make room for dessert. Spinach/Artichoke dip - serious yum with huge pieces of shaved parm on top, my mom adored this 3 cheese omelet with waffle fries - oomg FLUFFIEST OMELET EVER!!! It was seriously huge, I'm thinking..maybe 6 eggs went into it? It was soft, fluffy, filled with goooey cheese and was seriously.. perfect! Vanilla/coffee hot fudge sundae - my sister's choice, it was good as far as sundae's go, but.. $14 for ice cream and chocolate sauce? ummm... Frozen hot chocolate - Ok.. so $11 for basically... chocolate milk blended with ice and a load of whipped cream on top, and don't get me wrong, it was rich, creamy and delish! I drank nearly the entire thing and it was great for a 1 time thing to do. But really.. i was.. i dunno, underwhelmed? Parking: ride the deuce baby!! Would I Come Back: yes and i want the omelet when i do! seriously, yummiest omelet ever! Did i miss anything?: Did i mention the omelet? I gotta mention our waitress, she was awesome, attentive and took great care of us.My mom is fantastic, but like a typical Asian Mom, she complains a bit... nothing was said about this place, so if it pleases Mom, it makes our night a Lil happier!
4	Stopped here after a huge dinner on Saturday night. None of us were hungry at all, but we all wanted to try the famous Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, so we just decided to split one. There were 5 of us, so we ordered a large, for $14!!We ordered from the window in the back, so we didn't even see what the inside looked like, and there was no line at 9:30 PM. The large drink was ready in about 5 minutes...wow! It was freakin huge and it had about 4 inches of whipped cream on the top!All 5 of us had a sip, and agreed that it was awesome, nice rich chocolate, thick and creamy, definitely a chocolate lover's dream come true. Unfortunately, since it was so thick, it was quite filling, and we ended up throwing over half of it away. We should have gotten a small.When in Vegas, I will come here again and split a small with somebody, it's cheaper and we will actually finish it!
1	Now after visiting Yelp and seeing the pictures of some of the food I regret not trying some of it, the sandwiches look absolutely incredible. I rolled up for one thing, THE WORLD FAMOUS FRRRROZEN Hot Chocolate. So after paying $10 for this magical drink I was unpleasantly surprised with some bullshit powdery tasting milkshake with a half pound of whipped cream on top. Now mind you the whipped cream and chocolate shavings on top are the best part and taste great. The chocolate part not so much.....you can literally taste the powder in every sip and its quite off putting. Three sips and into the garbage can you go! One star for you ripoff novelty restaurant!!!
3	I'm Vegan and Serendipity 3 was one of the few places in Las Vegas I read about where I could eat. The atmosphere is really cute (reminds me of Candyland/Disneyland) and the outdoor seating on the Vegas strip is great as well. I ordered the veggie burger without bread as all their bread has egg in it. It came with lettuce, avocado and a creamy, spicy sauce that was great! Unfortunately, I broke out the next day so I feel sure that creamy sauce had dairy in it. It came with sweet potato fries. They tasted like they'd been sitting out for five days. They replaced them with waffle fries that were hot and tasty. Based on the food and atmosphere, this would be a five star restaurant (minus the $4 soda - whatever it's tourist land) however, the waitstaff were beyond inattentive. I was clear about not eating dairy. I think either the waiter didn't listen or didn't care because when I spoke to the chef about the bread he was very attentive. We ate our entire meal without any of the $4 soda we ordered and the waiter finally brought a refill when we had finished our meal. He took so long to bring us the bill, we paid in cash to avoid having to wait any longer.
2	This review based solely on their famous Frozen Hot Chocolate.Honestly, it was just ok. It was nice on a warm summer day, but it left this wierd, Splenda-ish aftertaste in my mouth that I did not particularly care for. I didn't find anything too special about this drink. It would have been better if they had a mocha/latte flavored one since I was craving a coffee flavored iced drink for that morning. Meh. Being not entirely impressed my first time here, I doubt I will return considering there are many other great restaurants in Vegas to try out first.
2	Food was good, service was average at best, prices were higher than average.  We ate burgers, pizza, and chili dogs for lunch but paid dinner prices.  Good food but NO value here.
4	"What do you want to do in Vegas Marthie?""I don't really care what we do. Well... I do want to go to Serendipity! :)"Finally, and I mean FINALLY! I've been wanting to go to Serendipity's ever since I watched that movie Serendipity and that was circa ten years ago. Now that they have  a location in Vegas, my wish finally came true. This pink/orange, girl decorated restaurant makes you feel like a little girl inside. It's decorated mostly white and pink with all these fancy plates that make you feel like you should have some tea and crumpets. Well, not all of the plates, just some of them. There was also a bar in the corner, and from the looks of it, it's a full bar? I never knew Serendipity's swung that way. Any way, luckily part of my group went there early to get us a table and they only waited 15 minutes. (If you don't want to wait, you can also order to go!) I expected it to be much longer but I'll settle with 15 minutes any day to come here. The place was packed and it took a while to get our orders in, aka the waitress took a while to get to us. A bunch of us hadn't eat all day (it was 4:30pm) and were ready to devour our own plates although the prices here are pretty hefty. I decided on the...Summer Bries. It's a sandwich, an open faced one (aka only one slice of Raisin Pumpernickel bread), with turkey, cranberry mayo, brie cheese (melted), and crunchy-fresh apples. Can I tell you something? It was DEEEE-LISH! :D It made me so full that I could barely get out of my sit (or maybe that's just me since I hadn't eaten all day). And it also came with a side of cheese potato chips that were quite cheesy.. seemed like parmesan cheese I believe. That $16 sandwich was well worth my money.And for dessert, well for the appetizer, a group of us shared the famous.. drum roll please... FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE! That sucker was so hot (not literally) that it was oozing out of the cup. Mmmm, whip cream, with a frothy, creamy, milk chocolate. It gave me some shivers, as well as a brain freeze. (I couldn't keep myself from drinking it all! Too bad I didn't have my own, because I would have devoured that sucker.)What a wonderful time we had, my frozen hot chocolate and sandwich, and me. My Serendipity wish finally came true and I'm so happy it did :D (Cue Happily Ever After Music)
5	So far....so good.  I've only ordered the fried oreos and ice cream dessert.  So I'll edit this review if I feel the other desserts don't measure up.  But the Fried Oreos!!! yummy!
3	I was missing New York, so I had to stop by (which ironically, wasn't serendipitous at all).  When I think of Serendipity 3, I think of desserts.  Huge desserts.  I haven't had their food before, but the Vegas location passed the A-OK test.I remember having the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, Peanut Butter Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, and their Banana Split at their New York location last year.  All were good (esp the peanut butter), but my senses can take only so much sugar.This time around, I wanted a meal.  Wait time was nil.  Like their desserts, their food offerings were just as enormous.  The High Heel Pump (I felt fruity for ordering it, so I pointed to it when our server took our orders) had succulent prosciutto, arugula, tomatoes, and plenty of other healthy ingredients.  Once I was finished, my body craved more unhealthy food and juicy meat the way Harold & Kumar craved White Castle.  So being the human trash compactor that I am, I finished my cousin's burger (the one with caramelized onions and melted brie) as well as part of my sister's Foot Long Hot Dog with all the fixings - relish, saurkraut, chopped onions, and a spiced mayonnaise.  It ain't no foot-long hot dog neeva!  It's gotta be 18" (that's what she said).  As for the burger, it may have been a quality piece of beef, but it lacked salt.  At least it tasted clean and fresh.The Strawberry Supreme drink was refreshing in that desert (not dessert) Vegas heat.  It had hints of Kool-Aid, fresh smoothie taste, and an unexplainable gratifying heft to it.  I want to see someone order that $1,000 Golden Opulence Sundae.  Our server said she hasn't seen it, but her co-workers have and it's been ordered once a month for the past several months during the evenings.  Looks like I'll have to go back and win big.Bottom line:  Our server (Barbara) was as sweet as Serendipity's desserts (one of Sin City's finest), but this location's ambience lacked the charm and character of its New York sister.9.21
3	Ehhhhh....not wowed with the place. I think more people rave about the one in New York so that probably justifies the long wait. The one here didn't have a wait, had good service, and probably could have been better if the abusive heat wasn't melting the desserts. Their signature dessert, the Frozen Hot Chocolate, was a tad bit too sweet and too watery for me. Will give it another chance next time. I'm eager to try other things on their menu!
1	This place was a complete waist of time for us. I yelped lunch here in Vegas and found they have a Serendipity. We have never been and of course we have seen the movie so we went. We velet parked the car and went in and thats when the wheels came off. Very small selection and the prices were WAY to high for what the items are. $15 for a burger and frys and a $4 dollar up charge to split you gotta be kidding?!?! A steak sandwich is $28 bucks!!!! Get the "F" out of here with that B.S. We thought about splitting a hot dog until we saw the price. It would have been $20 for a dog and frys with the split charge. Sorry but this is deserved... FUCK THAT SHIT!!!!! We got the hell out of there and went to the Paris buffet where the food was incredible and it was all you could pile in your face and boy did I. I understand this is the Vegas strip but give me a break. No burger or hotdog is worth those prices.       The interesting thing we noticed was, most of the tables around us had several people at them but only one person was eating. Sounds like it was to rich for there blood as well.
4	don't know why the love for this place has been lukewarm at best among all my padawans here on yelp. their signature frozen hot chocolate is damn diggity good. It tastes like cold hot chocolate, and NOT a chocolate sundae. I had the 18 inches long hot dog. So good. Wife had the High Heel Pump sandwich. It has proschiutto, arugula, spicy mayo, tomato, and buffalo mozzarela. It was better than sex..well, depends on with who, but you get the point. yes, it is on the expensive side, but so are the hookers you are about to order in Vegas as well.
4	Okay, so Serendipity did not live up to my expectations in certain ways.  But overall, I love it and I'll definitely be back.  So a lot of my friends have gone to the Serendipity in New York and they've talked about the kitschy decorations and all that.  Yea, Vegas has none of that.  Like no decorations at all.  I had a hard time ordering because honestly, there wasn't anything on their menu that stood out.... the one reason I came here was....the frrrrrrrrrrrrozen hot chocolate.  I will come back everyday just for this drink.  It is seriously heaven on earth.  My fiance actually bought me a package of this stuff [you can buy it from serendipity.com] and I made it from home... but its just not the same.  I was really sad that I wasn't hungrier.... I was trying to get myself to order another one :)  But I knew I didn't have enough space.But hey, I'm in Vegas for another day and a half.  I just might go back :)
3	On my extra day in vegas last week, i decided to stop by Serendipity due to its popularity in new york.  I have attempted to go to the one in New York before but since the wait was so long, I failed to try it out!  So the next best thing was to go to the one right across from Caesar's Palace!  At first, I was a bit disappointed by its decor since the one in New York looked way better.. It wasn't the 30 min wait for me since the inside venue was just average to me.  So I went to the take-out window where there was also a line!  The line wasn't as bad but what was bad was the slow service... it was extremely slow.. the worker apologized everyone for the wait since he was the only one working there with a cook in the back.. It just bugged me since the only thing I ordered was the Frozen Hot Chocolate dessert and I had to wait a good time for it...... Also, it looked to me like he was literally taking his time even though there was a line outside... oyeee that bugs me!!Ironic .. Frozen hot chocolate.. I am usually not a big fan of chocolatey things since I am scared they overdo it on the sweetness and chocolate thickness.. But I may say it was pretty good!  Good mixture of ice and chocolate which made it extremely refreshing in the hot humid vegas weather!  My friend and I enjoyed it in the many tables and seats they had in the outdoor patio, which was nice!  But of course, the alternative was to run inside Caesar's for some nice air conditioning!I honestly wasn't wowed by this place.. It definitely did not live up to the hype that the New York Serendipity has!  But if you want desserts and somewhere to stop by along your long walks down the strip, do check this place out!
3	So I finally had the opportunity to check out Serendipity3 this weekend. It totally did not live up to my expectations. I was expecting it to be just as cool as the one in NYC. The ambiance and decor was pretty cool but still lacking from NYC. Overall the experience was just OK. Pricey for the quality and portion. The following items ordered were: The frozen hot chocolate- **** Strawberry Malt-*** Classic sundae w/strawberries-** Chicken Tenders-**** Tortilla Chips w/Artichoke-***
5	OMG! Going to Seredipity 3 has been on my bucket list ever since I first learned about in the movie (same title).  I was pleasantly surprised to see the cute hot pink venue standing out on the Ceasar Palace property.  I dined there for lunch and ordered a typical "soda shop" item; cheddar cheeseburger with waffle fries and of course the infamous FROZZZEN HOTCHOCOLATE!  Everything was absolutely delicious!  The dessert drink was to die for!  Although it was a bit pricey ($16 for the burger and $15 for the drink) it was worth every penny to sit in that adorable place!  Besides, my flight to NY would have cost me a lot more!  I definitely recommend going and eating inside versus the outside to-go window.
3	So obviously I "HAD" to try this place since it's all about the deserts and well, it was in the movie! I went in looking for what to try... noticing that the prices were a little above average (that's a given), but there are some specialty deserts that are $700+ and $1k+ INSANE!!! No I didn't spend that kind of money on something that melts. We asked the bar tender what Serendipity is known for and what is a "must try". I guess the one in NY there's always a line out the door for the Frozen Hot Chocolate. So that's what we got, while it was on it's way I saw the bar tender make some really yummy looking drinks apparently it was a Berry Mojito and a Strawberry Cheesecake Mojito! And just because it was Vegas and you can... I said "I'll take one of each to-go as well". My thoughts, the Frozen Hot Choc was average, nothing I would stand in line for hours for. It's like a chocolate shake basically that's rich and tastes like it has frozen micro ice in it... the flavor is just that "hot chocolate"..... The mojito however.. OMG, yum! I'm not one to like greenery in my alcohol, but these were exceptional. The Cheesecake one is good if you like syrupy and sweet. My personal favorite was the Berry Mojito. I'd give this place another try for some of the actual food next time I'm there.
4	This is some really good food.  I had the chicken pot pie.  It is the best pot pie I have ever had in my entire life.  The crust was flaky and buttery.  The stuffing was cut in big chunks and tasted very good.  My husband had the chicken wings and onion rings.  I didn't taste either of them but the smell of the wings was intoxicating and the onion rings looked amazingly delish.  I tried a bite of my Aunt's chicken alfredo.  I'm not a big fan of alfredos but this one was very good.  We got so full on dinner that we didn't even have a chance to try their desserts, which is what they're famous for.The decor is cute and kitschy.  The service is good.  The hostess was friendly and polite.  The wait wasn't too long.  Our server was attentive and friendly, as well.  The food is a little bit overpriced for such casual food but I'm definitely going to visit whenever I'm in town.  I would highly recommend visiting Serendipity whenever you're in Vegas.
3	I thought that since the vegas location of serendipity 3 is MUCH MUCH larger than the NY location, the wait would definitely be shorter. I obviously thought wrong. Showed up on a Saturday around noon-1pm and had a 40min wait for a party of 6. Opted to go to the take out window which had a REALLY slow line. One thing I did notice about the interior of Serendepity is that it isn't anywhere as close to the interior of the original. SAD!Can someone please explain why people get in line without knowing what they want to order or at least don't spend the time to figure out what they want while they're in line? GET COMMON COURTESY! read the menu before you stand in line so you don't waste everyone's time behind you while you figure it out!Anyhow, back to Serendipity. Their takeout menu is a bit boring and from what I remember it's mainly dessert, hot dogs and salads. Their hot dogs are HUGE! (thats what she said) I could've seriously shared it with two other people, or one other depending on how big of an appetite the other person has.. but wow. kudos for the hotdog. My friend got the Frozen Hot chocolate which was just as delicious as NY maybe better because it was a hot vegas day.I'll definitely come back the next time I'm in vegas so that I can try the dine-in menu.
4	I LOVE serendipity in NY so I was super happy to see they brought one out to Vegas. Sadly, this place lacks the character of it's NYC counterpart... what else would you expect in Vegas. There was a long wait (despite having lots of seats available - perhaps due to a lack of staff) BUT I was rather impressed with their "on a run" outdoor takeout window. The menu was limited (as expected) to hotdogs, salads and appetizers... but that's okay b/c I was in the market for a hot dog... and BOY. that was HUGE!... Definitely could have served two. The line was slow, but mainly b/c people didn't think to look at the menu while IN line so I won't ding Serendipity for that. Lastly, I LOVED my frozen hot chocolate. So make sure to get that.. and share that hot dog unless you are super hungry.
1	SERVICE SUCKED---WE WALKED OUT IT WAS SO BADWe were vacationing in LV (staying at Caesars), and looking for a bite to eat. We dropped in this place because it was 30% empty and had no line. My wife was not eating but was going to order desert after I finished. I ordered a pepsi and the T-BLT. They brought drinks and took our order  5 minutes after being seated. 40 minutes later, the BLT was still not out, they still had not refilled my drink, and I was still hungry. I told the waiter to cancel the order and we left. I would be more forgiving if it was something that needed to be prepared, like a burger or philly cheese steak, but my gosh, it was just a BLT and a coke.I had no idea that place was famous in NY until now. After our experience, i figured it was some BS tourist trap.
3	Great for your sweet tooth fix, but doesn't have the charm of the NY location.  I was excited that one had opened up in Vegas and I wasn't disappointed with my sundae, but my friends that ordered regular food didn't recommend it.  The wait was short on a Friday night after 9pm (about 10 mins) but service was lacking once we got inside.  It was hard to flag down our waiter and we saw our food sitting under the heat lamps for a while.  I got my sundae long before the rest of our food came out... it would have been nice if they paced it better.  Overall, I'll come back for dessert, but that's it.
4	Good desserts and other food too! Atmosphere/cleanliness: Clean, well-lit, slightly retro inside with ornate details everywhere, and loud inside. Warning: reliving Fear & Loathing here could get you arrested or you will never leave! Service: Friendly and helpful, a little overzealous with table cleanup. Where'd my napkin go? Food: Serendipity 3 is a great dessert stop without a doubt, and with the new location next to Caesar's in the prime crossroads where Paris is just across the street, the location couldn't be better. Hit it big at the craps table? Reward yourself with the $1000 Golden Opulence Sundae, then drive away in a new Ferrari! Okay, reality time, the dice game just wasn't in my favor, but I did enjoy my meal here. We got seated immediately with a party of 8 on a Thursday night. First course: Spinny Dippin' spinach artichoke dip with freshly-made tortilla chips and real bits of good-quality Reggiano cheese that melted before your eyes, so tasty! I also got to sample the Madras Mojito with cranberries muddled within the mint, it was very flavorful and went down smoothly. Dinner course consisted of an ABC Burger: avocado, brie, and caramelized onions all combined within a single bite that harmonizes the sweetness of the perfectly-cooked, golden-brown onions, blended with the tang of the brie, and mildness of the avocado performed a symphony of Beethoven-like proportions and encored perfectly with sweet potato fries. Excellent indeed! Finally dessert was served, a Peanut Butter Frrrrrrozen Hot Chocolate finished off a perfect meal. Sure there are more dressy establishments with big name chefs to be found on The Strip, but Serendipity 3 delivers not only for your sweet cravings, but a main course too. As always, leave room for dessert!
4	So after hearing SO much about this place and finally going to Vegas, I absolutely had to try it. We almost didn't make it there in time (I had called earlier and Caesar's Palace people told me they did last seating at 11:30 pm) because we were walking on the strip for a while, so I started getting really upset & pouty. But we made it on time and I finally got my frozen hot chocolate. Omg it was amazing! It was just perfect amount of chocolate. We went through the to-go line though, so I wouldn't know how bad (or good) the service is. But the guy who was putting my order in was extremely nice and was laughing at me because I was so excited and jumping up and down clapping my hands like a little kid. Well then again so did all my friend who were with me.
4	During our recent trip to Vegas, we made a quick stop by the outdoor window service to Serendipity 3 for some yummy treats.  All I really have to say is YUMMY GIANT DONUT (see photo).  IT was so big that 6 of us nibbled on it (although I'm sure if one person really felt gluttonous, they could have totally carb/sugar loaded up on it all by themselves).
4	after seeing the movie, i added visiting the new york location to my to do list in life! lucky for me i recently found out they opened up one at caesar's so i didn't have to travel as far. on our last visit to vegas, my boyfriend and i made it priority to dine in.our wait was about 15 minutes for a late dinner at 9ish. i was beyond ecstatic with the decor and and kept photographing everything! i'm not a fan of pink, but i couldn't help but love the atmosphere of this place. we each ordered a burger and an onion ring tower to share along with a double frozen hot chocolate and peach and blueberry mojito. honestly, we were very disappointed with the food which was overly greasy. the drinks however, were strong with a kick and the dessert was beyond delicious!though the wait for our food was extremely lengthy, the best part of our visit was meeting Wayne Brady! he was super nice and they even took pics for us. we were seated next to his table of family and friends which was the reason for our slow service since we shared a common waiter. would definitely return for the cocktails and sweet treats! the regular burgers were seriously not worth the price so minus one star. our tab for two came about to almost $90 before tax and tip....
2	I was anxious to try their famous "frozen hot chocolate" but was a bit bummed because it really wasnt ALL that- I have no idea what all the hype was about.My friend had a coupon for a free frozen hot chocolate when purchasing 10 dollars so we ended up getting a pepperoni pizza that was overly greasy. I know pizza can get oily but there was a LOT of oil- pretty gross when the cheese is sagging down with the oil drips..
3	We came here because we've never tried it - plain and simple.  We came for  lunch around 2pm and we had to wait around 20 min for a table.  It was a Saturday, so we knew there was going to be a lot of people there.The decor of the place is very "girly" as my husband described it.  Lots of pinks/oranges.  My hubby had the Cali footlong hot dog and I had the High Heel Pump Sandwich.  Our food was pretty good and the portions were huge.  Our food came sweet potato fries and honey japaleno chips.Of course we also had the famous frozen hot chocolate!  YUM!   Tons of whip cream on top, chocolate shavings, and just nice and cold for the 86 degree weather.The food tasted great, mostly probably because we were starving, but we were not disappointed.  The service, however, was S-L-O-W!! After we got our food, we had to flag down our server for a refill on drinks and it took forever to get our check.  Not only that, but it also took forever to have them pick up our check.We also saw the manager there walking around and not helping.  Just looking "pretty" in a suit while his servers scramble to get orders in and out.Geez ... Negative 5 stars for the service!
2	I have bought and loved the frozen hot chocolate mix that Serendipity sells at Williams Sonoma, so I really wanted to like the restaurant, but sadly found it was just so-so. The decor is really cute, but the menu is really lacking. I think I paid about $14 for a BLT club and fries. I did enjoy the sweet potato fries quite a bit, but the BLT was nothing special. To be fair, I do think I ordered wrong. I think this is a place to enjoy for a special dessert, not for lunch, so I'll try that next time I'm in Vegas. Until then, we're sticking with 2 stars.
3	I've been here twice and bought frozen hot chocolate, hotdog, and ice cream at the to go location.  I was dying to try this place because I saw the movie "Serendipity" and always wanted to try it.Maybe my expectations were too high.  The frozen hot chocolate is refreshing and tasty, but nothing over the top good, hotdogs were large and buns good, and the ice cream was like any other ice cream but I feel this place is over-priced.  I mean I paid about 8.00 for the small iced hot chocolate and close to 6.00 for the ice cream in a cup.  I would like to try and eat inside and see if I change my mind, but I think this place is a bit over priced.  Perhaps I will review again if i try and grab a bite inside the restaurant.
4	This place has great food and atmosphere.  The sevice isnt that great but  the food makes up for it
3	we came here for lunch because our friend had been to the one in NY and said the deserts were pretty awesome...  the food was ok, nothing really special about it...  the decor was a diner theme with a lot of pink everywhere...  i had the ruben which was decent...  my wife had the burger which was decent...  my buddy fell for the trap and ordered the $15 hot dog...  nothing really special about other then the price...  the deserts were ok, we had the banana split and their hot chocolate...  pink back home in miami is far better then seredipity...  they did play a lot of old 80's music which brought back a lot of good memories...  h-100...
5	"You'll burn your tongue and get brain freeze at the same time," was my boyfriend and my first thoughts on Frozen Hot Chocolate... Upon checking into Caesar's Palace, we couldn't help but notice the large plastic replicas of the Frozen Hot Chocolate and didn't stop wondering about it until we actually had it. It was totally worth the wait. The drink was the best part of the meal.Maybe the anticipation and the atmosphere of this adorable, doll-house like restaurant influenced the fact that breakfast at Serendipity 3 was my favorite meal while on vacation in Las Vegas. But then again, I'm not a picky eater.The Central Park Omelette (egg-white omelette with spinach, avocado and swiss cheese) was my first ever egg-white omelette. I don't think I can ever go back to the "yellow" omelette... I've been converted. The waffle-cut fries were good too, a bit on the crunchy [not crispy] side, but really good nonetheless. My boyfriend ate the Breakfast Steak Sandwich which was made of: NY steak, Sunny Side Up eggs, smoked pepper bacon,  and cheddar and jack cheeses. It was huge... it could have fed both of us. I tasted it and it was really good. But the bread was kind of hard for my liking... and the roof of my mouth.Other Yelpers complained of bad service but I don't recall reducing the tip at all... but I think the restaurant was semi-new when we visited (in April) so maybe the servers were still "fresh."If you need a sugar fix, they have a take-out window for sweets and drinks... the blue popcorn caught my eye, I think it was Cotton Candy flavored... and it was just what I needed.If you don't want to eat here at least try the Frozen Hot Chocolate, I highly recommend it, especially to cool off in the Las Vegas desert.
4	Went to Serendipity 3 (walk-up window) yesterday for Dinner ... I am 33 and believe I can have ice cream for dinner ... We ordered a basic hot fudge with mint chocolate chip, a sundae that had chocolate cake and a strawberry cheesecake sundae - there were 4 of us and there was still left over ice cream.Everything was good ... a little expensive but it's Vegas and this isn't the days of the $1 Shrimp Cocktails ... anyways, I would say go and have a wonderful dinner that a 5 year old would envy.  The Sundaes are split-able for 2 ... Yum.
2	Our waitress told us, "I make things happen."Unfortunately, someone lied to her.DO NOT go here if you are in a HURRY! DO NOT go here if you are HUNGOVER and need food ASAP!!!!We went on the Sunday after Halloween, not many people were on the strip. It was about 11.  The wait was about 40 minutes, which I didn't think was too bad.We were literally had a 2 1/2 hour LUNCH!!!! Thank God we didn't have a plane to catch.  It took our server FOREVER to get us anything --water, diet coke, FOOD, dessert. We had to ask for the check when our entrees came because we were so nervous she would never come back to our table.  She (and all the other servers) kept disappearing to some room behind the bar and they seemed to never come out.The food was good -- the nachos were amazing, obvi the frozen hot chocolate was good...sweet potato fries were amazing...but the service/wait was AWFUL.I will not be going back there (and I go to Vegas a lot). I was so excited that Serendipity came to LV, but so disappointed in the service. Also, it is EXTREMELY COLD if you sit inside...so bring a sweater (even if it is like 90 degrees outside).Also, one more tip. If you go during brunch time make sure NOT to look at the menu they have posted on the building while you wait...ask the hostess for the brunch menu because that menu is MUCH more limited.  We got all excited when we looked at the full menu vs. the brunch menu. Just a little tip.
1	Pick-up Window Review**It was a beautiful Saturday afternoon, about 1ish. The line wasn't that bad, but it wasn't short either. The boy and I ordered the  32 oz of their famous frozen hot chocolate. We waited, and waited...for a drink, they sure did take a long time prepping it. That was a turn-off. Once we got the drink...EH...definitely hyped up. Just another milk shake.We came and we tried...another check off my checklist.
2	While the frozen hot chocolate my sound appealing and interesting, I have to say it just doesn't live up to it's hype. I was very disappointed that I had to wait 45 mins to try something that tastes like Ovaltine with ice. Definitely didn't leave a happy camper!
3	I've stopped going to the NYC location because I didn't want to brave the ridiculous wait.  So when I saw that a 2nd location opened up in Vegas, I had to go re-indulge myself with the Frozen Hot Chocolate.  The pick-up window was convenient since all I wanted was dessert after lunch and there was no line.  I paid almost $10 for a 16 oz Frozen Hot Chocolate!  That price is absurd for milk-shake in a plastic cup.  It was good and rich, but it was not orgasmic nor big enough to justify the money paid.  So long Serendipity, I'm not up to waiting for you nor paying up...unless someone else buys.
5	A free-standing structure at the outskirts of Caesars Palace along LV Boulevard, we drove by twice before I was convinced it was actually there.Been to the NYC location, and really wasn't looking forward to any sort of wait.  However, upon entering I was pleasantly surprised.  Not only was their dining area massive, there was also patio dining *and* a takeout window!!  You have NO IDEA how happy I was about this.All I wanted was a frozen hot chocolate to go.  Nothing more, nothing less.  $10 for a dessert that was just as sweet as the memory, but without the 2.5hr waiting list.  I forgot that the drink is technically meant to share with *at least* one other person.  Whatever.  I was in Vegas.  It was worth it.For such an over hyped place back East, this is a tourist's ideal alternative.  Trust me.  10pm Saturday night:  No wait at the takeout window nor the general store.
4	I can't front... The frozen hot chocolate was DAMN good. I had my doubts. Anything so overhyped by movies & women I know CANNOT be that good. I was wrong. I loved this dessert.. And I could've finished the whole monstrosity if given the opportunity. I dont know what they do to make it so delish but whatever it is, they need to keep doing it. Order it...I also had the hangover omelette. This EIGHT egg omelette can easily feed 2 or 3 people. Besides the 8 eggs... it has strips of bacon, mushrooms, cheddar cheese & french fries all up in it. The french toast saint n sinners log looks insane & tastes good as well. Feeds three...Bring your appetite and a sweet tooth... Enjoy
5	Mission accomplished! I left Vegas a happy camper thanks to the frozen hot chocolate and fried oreo sundae! So delicious!!! So fatty!!! But oh so worth it!
4	went here for my birthday with a group of friends - we had the patio practically to ourselves, and the food servings are enormous!  the frozzzzen cocktails are delish.  only downside was that service was a bit slow.
3	Ordered the vodka ravioli and it wasn't that great at all; however the frozen hot chocolate was amaaazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The service was good and the decor was fun.
3	I was really expecting more... I had high hopes. Went here for desserts. I ordered the Cotton Candy martini in Pear. Eh... I was expecting a cotton candy flavored martini! It was cute tho. When they serve it they have a bit of cotton candy on the martini glass and they pour the pear martini on tothe cotton candy and it melts... Also ordered the oreo fried ice cream thing. Wow, fried oreo does taste yummy! Their portions were huge! My cousin ordered the truffle kahlua thing. Needs more alcohol..  i would go back.. i want to try this frozen hot chocolate that everyone is talking about...
4	This place is right outside of Ceasars and has a lot of yummy junk food. Hot dogs, burgers, and of course the famous frozen chocolate beverage which is out of this world. We came a couple of times - once for a coffee with Kahlua, and the next time for lunch. We ordered the "summer bries' which was good, but the folks who ordered the omelets next to us made us jealous. I say go for the omelets - the turkey on the 'summer bries' was cold even though the brie cheese on top was warm. It should've been toasted all the way! Anywho, the best thing about this place was the fro-yo hot choc drink.
2	Not really sure what all the fuss is about this place. When we went it was absolutely packed to the rafters, complete with a 30 minute wait for a table.The food wasn't bad - my bacon burger was decent, as was my wife's triple decker grilled cheese (with variety of cheeses). Both tasty (not amazing), without being worth anywhere close to the hefty price tag.Where Serendipity 3 fell apart for me was in the atmosphere. The place is tiny, overcrowded and the wait staff are impatient, harried and DO NOT LISTEN. I tried to explain something specific that I wanted and our waitress seemed to be on complete autopilot as she tried to finish my thought for me without having any idea what I was talking about. Eventually I just gave up and hoped for the best (I didn't get what I had asked for).  Wife's Grilled Cheese was supposed to come with soup and a choice of chips or fries. Waitress insisted she couldn't have both, despite the menu clearly listing soup as coming with the grilled cheese (most likely so they can justify their price for what is, after all, just a grilled cheese) by default and an "all burgers and sandwiches are served with chips or fries" note at the top of the section.Perhaps we should have tried some of the things that people rave about here like the frozen hot chocolate, but our experience was one of mediocrity.
2	Not sure when they opened up, but I was excited to finally get to try their infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate.  Let me just say that while it was good (blended very smoothly with no chunks of ice), it wasn't $8.50 + tax good.  You can get three other shakes for the same price of one 16-oz of these.  If you want ice cream with it, it's another $1.50, and the 24 oz. for $14.50.  I liked that they had a "To Go" window from which you could order from (line wasn't too bad but got longer later), but I wouldn't pay that much money again for it.  They also have a crazy $1000 dessert - who the hell spends that much on dessert, even if it does have edible 23-karat gold leaves??  The rest of their menu is not quite as ridiculous, though everything is overpriced in general.
4	We went there at 2pm and still had to wait about 45 minutes for a table.I had gone previously and ordered from the TO-GO for their infamous frozen hot chocolate.... let me tell you DONOTORDERTOGOIF YOU WANT THE FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE.Why?1) The plastic cup isnt insulated enough to keep your frozen hot chocolate at the ideal temperature.2) The cup is too tall (served at your table it is in a wide bowl) so the layers separate and you get ice/water on top... not good3) There just isn't enough whipped cream and chocolate shavings!So, since this place IS famous for their frozen hot chocolate, do yourself a favor and get it the way it was meant to be served:at the table, in a bowl, heaped with whipped cream. It is SO SO SO chocolatey - huge plus - with out being too bitter, creamy but not heavy, cold but not cold enough to induce a brain freeze... it was great. 5 stars for the frozen hot chocolate, but the wait, the fact that the out door patio is FREEZING, and the fact that the rest of the menu is mediocre (good, but overpriced and probably not worth it) brings it to 4 stars.=)
4	Came here for lunch with a friend while the boys were gambling at the tables..I ordered the cobb salad and she ordered the chicken pieces. Both were really good. We ended up taking some of the chicken to go and I ordered the steak/egg sandwich to go as well for the boys to eat for lunch. It was huge and looked scrumptious.. probably why it was $16 or so bucks!! Yikes!Next time I come back, I will be trying their desserts for sure.
3	If you like to eat a lot DO NOT get the Huevos Rancheros. Not anywhere near the amount of food I needed, but it was pretty good. It's really expensive here too. The pancakes are the way to go. I ate everyone else's leftovers because it was too much for them. Overall, pretty good. Very very busy on a Sunday morning though.
4	A half marathon sure does make you hungry.  And where do you feed that hunger?  Serendipity!From Mandalay Bay, this was a long walk considering I was a little sore and tired.  The cafe is located just outside of Caesar's Palace and we took the tram to Excalibur, hopped over a few bridges, and arrived to discover there's a 30 minute wait.  Boo!It was cold so we stayed inside and took in the decor.  It's a candy striped wall, plenty of pinks and girly stuff.  The girl inside of you will squeal in delight or be annoyed by all the pink stuff.  I didn't mind it too much.  We got the pasta dish and the bacon cheeseburger. Our food wasn't bad but the pasta was overwhelming.  Having pasta the night before and having it again probably wasn't such a good idea.  It tastes good at first when it's nice and hot but as it starts to cool and the cheese starts to congeal, it gets boring and overwhelming.  I don't think I'll eat pasta again until another race.  We didn't have room for dessert but we did order the hot chocolate.  This is a yummy, rich, and delicious drink with whipped cream, chocolate shavings, and orange zest.  It was the perfect drink for a cold day in Vegas.
3	So I finally tried this place that is oh-so popular in NYC, but you can now find it in Las Vegas. It's right off the strip, in front of Caesars Forums called Serendipity 3. They are known for their signature Frozen Hot Chocolate. My friend and I had the Alfredo pasta and macaroni and cheese. At first we were like "this is amazing!". That was only because we were hungry, after the first few bites we realized the food was okay and not that great. Prices were pricey and it seems like the food is large portioned. My mac & cheese didn't seem so big but when I realized when I was done eating, I still had enough to feed another person. Prices average between $14.00 to $1,000.00 (if you decide to get one of their Golden Opulence Sundaes). I wasn't going to let my disappointing dinner get to me! I was there for their Frozen Hot Chocolate. It's about $9.00 and for the double frozen hot chocolate, I think it's about $11.00. My friend and I shared the regular frozen hot chocolate. Was I disappointed? Actually no! It tastes just like what it's called. If you ever had hot chocolate, its just like that, but served cold with thin ice chips in it, sooooo yummy. I would definitely come back, but probably only for desert. Don't care much to spend an arm and a leg for the food. Definitely a place to splurge on desert!
3	Me and my lady waited about 35 minutes for Saturday brunch.  Of course it was to be expected as we got there around 12.  The wait is long so if you can sit at the bar, it's way faster.I got the fried eggs benedict.  The dredge the poached eggs in corn meal and fry them.  It's a cool idea, but I like my egg yolks runny.  Instead of a muffin they used a biscuit with hammed up country gravy as a plate base while still topping with the hollandaise sauce.This thing was very good, but it was a damned gut bomb.  I wished I was drunk before I ate it to fulfill the drunk munchies.The gf got their french toast log.  It comes with bacon, eggs, seasoned potatoes, fresh berried and cream and syrup.  Freaking crap! They weren't kidding when the named it a log.  This thing is basically a small loaf of bread with the crust cut off.  I'm assuming they do a typical soak, except after the soak they crust up the outside in corn flakes.  The corn flakes make for a nice different texture to the soft spongy interior of the log.  The seasoned potatoes were really good, eggs not so much, bacon unknown as I didn't have any.  I would have liked the bread to be soaked a little longer, but then that might have put the integrity of the log shape in jeopardy.The frozen hot chocolate for the price is not worth it, which is why I didn't get any.  Go to William Sonoma and buy some packages yourself and make it at home.  I only assume the were good since the two rude Texan couples that sat next to us, one couple on each side and yelling over us to chat with each other, as they were there for the shit kicker convention, enjoyed the frozen hot cocolateThree stars, food was surprisingly good for what we got, slightly higher priced, but what do you except from a place like this?
4	We were SUPER hungry after the LV Rock N' Roll Half Marathon, so we decided to make a pit stop before heading to the airport.  It was about 2:15, and there was still a 30 minute wait for indoor seating.  We opted to sit outdoors since we wouldn't have to hurry to catch our flight.  There were heat lamps, so we figured we could deal with the cold.  One of our heat lamps wasn't on at all, and when we told one of the workers, they said..."oh no..its on"...and then walked away.  Ummm...if we can touch it, its not on.  They finally came out to check it when someone else complained.I wanted their famous frozen hot chocolate, but since I was sitting outside in the cold, I figured a regular hot chocolate would be better( http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/UVGh4r1nVItdL2eqcm8sXQ/l ).  And then I ordered a cheeseburger with waffle fries( http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/ayHA76-OUgfSRC6mHswuMA/l ) to fill up my hungry belly.  The portions here are quite large!  I ate about half my burger and then started picking it apart to eat the meat.  The bun was fluffy and fresh, and the fries were nice and crispy.  Except for the minor heat lamp incident, the service was really good. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive.  I'll have to come back again for that famous frozen hot chocolate!
5	Wow.  This place was probably the highlight foodwise of our trip.  And that trip included Bar Masa and Martorano's.  Serendipity 3 is in front of Caesar's Palace right on the strip.We went Saturday for lunch and the wait was 30 minutes.  However, we avoided that by sitting at the bar.  We proceeded to order the ABC Burger, which had avocado and carmelized onions and the Chicken and Waffles.  The burger was good and the sweet potato fries that it came with were great.  I heard though that the waffle fries are great as well.  The chicken and waffles was excellent.  They came with breakfast potatoes and bacon bits also, such comfort food.   The portions are huge but it was so good I finished it all.  Then we ate their famous frozen hot chocolate.  That was awesome.  So so chocolatey and rich.  And like the rest of the food, it is definitely huge.  The whipped cream and chocolate shavings were a great touch too.  A little expensive for dinery type food, but so good it was worth it.
3	Went for dinner with the group, and again for a quick breakfast bite on the way to the airport with the honey.  Is it right for a Vegas restaurant to have a breakfast take-out order window outside?The good:  They were able to accommodate a group of 10 needing an accessible table with no problem.  The decor will keep you talking.  It has a cute-old-fashioned-ice-cream-parlor-had-a-kid-with Alice-in-Wonderland kind of look and feel.  The service was alright.The strange:  They really, really need to tell you that everything on the dang sit-down menu is actually made for 2-3 people to share, I kid you not!  The food that was brought to the table made even the heartiest of eaters in our group stare in disbelief.  I think only one of us finished what we ordered, and that was on a bet.I'm not sure what the draw is to this place, maybe it's the frozen chocolate I was too full to try or the fairly uncrowded breakfast window.  I think it was a good thing to try once, but I wouldn't specifically venture back to this spot.
2	My friend and I spent all weekend excited about going to the famous Serendipity before we left Vegas. We waited close to an hour and sat on on a table that had been open the entire time we were waiting and asked them 30 minutes before if we could just sit on that table. The staff were very unfriendly and slow and the food was not worth the wait. I hope the one in NY lives up to the name because Vegas does not.
3	Great experience if it's your first time.  Frozen hot Chocolate is the most popular item.  We also got the nachos which was pretty good and can fill up to 4 people.  They even have a $1000 ice cream sundae if you can afford it which includes a gold spoon and gold flakes, but not like you would care anyways.  Waiter was great and friendly.
4	Yay finally I can cross off another thing from my bucket list.  I thought I was going to have to go all the way to NYC to try a Frozen Hot Chocolate.  We went with the Peanut Butter version and it was awesome, its pretty much a milkshake of sorts but the peanut butter gives it a special kick.  Highly recommended.  The reason I don't give this place 5 stars is because of the service and the pretzel.  We placed our order at the pick up counter and had to wait and wait and wait.  I'm not sure why during New Year's weekend you have only staffed one person to make your world famous frozen hot chocolate??  Also the pretzel really disappointed, it was very large in size but served luke warm at best.  Needless to say it was a hard piece of bread with nothing special about it.  I have to give props to the decor though, the Christmas decorations were super cute with pink and orange lights.  Overall I will dream of the drink for time to come, I'm already wondering where the heck I can find something similar in these neck of the woods!
5	FINALLY!!!!! F I N A L L Y!!!!I've been waiting to come here for eight years (since I saw the movie Serendipity in 01') and I was so excited to find out they built one in Las Vegas and I didnt have to travel across the country to get there!Went to Vegas for my wedding, my wedding weekend! My rules! Serendipity was my first stop! The wait wasnt as bad as everyone says, I waited about 15 minutes. The place was PACKED! We ordered the Hangover Omelet. It wasnt anything special. But the fries....! The fries were delicious! I couldnt get enough of them! Next we had the Frrozen Hot Chocolate. Finally! It was delicious. I really liked it. It reminded me of Taz Shakes (I dont know if anyone else had those in elementary school but those were my FAVORITE). So good. The chocolate shavings on top were really good too.I wish I could had gone back and tried more things but after our first day, Serendipity was closed for the rest of the day of our trip! I know! How sad!!
2	My friend was really excited to try this place, but I didn't think it was any better than Denny's.We showed up around 7pm on NYE, and were seated right away since we chose outdoor seating.We shared a pizza, spinach dip, and frozen hot chocolate. The spinach dip smelled and tasted terrible because of the cheese they used. TGI Friday's makes a much better version. The frozen hot chocolate was the only thing that tasted good.The staff was nice, but the service was slow since they were understaffed.
3	I had the frozen hot chocolate to go. The wait was long but the hot chocolate was good enough that I would have it again. Don't really think it's worth the $9 they charge for a small but what are you going to do!I'm glad I finally got to try it after seeing it on one of Oprah's favorite things. Next time I'll have to try their food.
4	I had reservations & arrived 20 minutes early & we were seated within less than a minute.  I have been to the one in NY & I love that this place is on the west siiiide and has tons of space.  My kids went crazy with the gum ball machines and all the visual stimulation.  They went nutso after the frozen hot chocolate and the loud music.  You MUST arrive hungry to appreciate that this makes Cheesecake Factory portions look like tapas.My son loved the hot dog which he called "Monster Dog".  We gobbled up the crispy sweet potato fries and I split the ABC Burger with the hubby.  Avocado & Melted Brie HEAVEN.  Take home a packet of the frozen hot chocolate for friends back home.  I actually would want to come back here with a group because I would love to share these large portions.
5	The best dessert place on the strip!! Conveniently located in the center of the strip, Serendipity offers a wide range of desserts and good food.In a time span of two days, I managed to come here 3 times:  for lunch, dessert/snack, and breakfast. The hot wings were great, and the sundaes here are amazing!! However, customers might have to wait for seats.From the decoration to the great service, Serendipity is definitely a Vegas hot spot that everyone should go to. Personal Favorites:Strawberry SundaeFrozen Hot ChocolateHangover Omelet
4	Today was the 2nd time I've been to Serendipity and both times I've had pleasant experiences.There was a black out while we were eating our dessert (luckily it was 3pm so it was still light outside) and I was ready to make a run for it while their credit card machine was down.My mom would kill me for paying $14 ($15 with BF's addt'l strawberries) for a sundae but I would like to believe that it was worth every penny.The first time I went there I had the Fried Oreo Sundae with my sister, niece, and nephews.  The Oreos were rolled in some type of cereal that made it deliciously crunchy adding good texture.Today, the BF and I shared the "Can't Say No Sundae"  there was Humble Pie, Vanilla & Coffee Ice Cream, Whipped Cream, Hot Fudge, banana, and the BF's addt'l strawberry.  It was creamy and not too sweet.  I would have preferred 2 scoops of just the vanilla ice cream though just because I like vanilla ice cream.  I will be back because I want to try a sandwich one day.  I was eyeing the woman at the table next to us who looked like she had a caprese panini or something.  I don't know but I'm going to check out their website right now to see what it was.
4	I went New Years Day in a party of four, and signed in for an hour wait (11 parties ahead of me.  Awesome.).  We thought we'd grow old and die before being seated, so we checked out their other options: 1) the to-go line outside of the restaurant and 2) order to-go at the bar.If you order to-go outside, you use a menu with limited options (but some of the same items are slightly cheaper than on the regular menu).  We don't go to Vegas often, so we decided to order at the bar and to just take our food to the tables outside of the hotel.  It was a nice option since the line was considerably shorter.We ordered the black and white sundae ($15ish), a frozen hot chocolate ($9ish), and a grilled cheese sandwich ($15ish).  The prices were a bit of a kick in the pocketbook, but it all tasted great.  The grilled cheese sandwich had swiss, american, cheddar (I think?), and brie, and it was AMAZING.  It also came with yummy tomato soup.  I know they're famous for their frozen hot chocolate (which tastes exactly like how it sounds), but I actually enjoyed the black and white sundae more.The seating sucked though. I know the area doesn't belong specifically to Serendipity 3, but c'mon, Ceasar's Palace!  Invest in a bus boy to clean up the tables at least once a century!  Especially if those tables sit right between your glitzy hotel and an expensive eatery!  It kind of ruined the ambiance eating our expensive, delicious food while sitting at sticky, filthy tables.  Gross.
4	so i didn't know anything about this sweet little joint of NYC until i watched that movie serendipity. such a great movie btw... (that was said by my gf... really... ok! i admit i like that movie too, so what!)while traveling 4500 miles away just for frozen hot chocolate may not be economical. we were happy when we found out there is a numero tres at las vegas.the wait was always stupidly long and dreadful, so we never waited to dine in. instead we just always order our hotdogs and shared drink at the take-out window and enjoy our food on the little pink and orange chairs outside.i love the frozen hot chocolate! it reminds me of my childhood... when i was super excited to figure out the ghetto way of leaving hot chocolate in the freezer around 3 hours so it's not too hard nor too soft... anyhow you get the point.the hotdogs were delicious especially the ones with sauerkraut. grilled buttered buns and beef hotdog! come on! why would anyone say no to that?overall the place is extremely girly, but the food is extremely macho...
4	First of all, I found the frozen hot chocolate to be a little disappointing.  It wasn't that frozen and it was a little to sweet that it made my throat hurt.  The best was the giant cheesecake.  Mmmm so good with the candied walnuts.  I would totally order again.Seating took around an hour since it was pretty busy.  I saw a pink ice cream sundae and wanted to push somone's face in it.  You know Mrs. Doubtfire stye.
1	I was sooo disappointed in Serendipity. There is a ton of hype about this place and it does not live up to any of it. My friend and I split two things here. The frozen peanutbutter hot chocolate was fine, but nothing to write home about. We also split the Broadway Sundae. It was $14 dollars and it tasted like someone put some store bought ice cream over one of those store bought Entemenan's chocolate cakes. It tasted like it cost about $1 to make. Avoid this over priced tourist trap!
4	A group of us came here on a Saturday night for a birthday dinner. We had to wait about 15 minutes to be seated inside (30 mins or longer for outside seating), but it wasn't too bad of a wait. The decorations inside were really pretty and very colorful (a little different from the one in NYC). We all shared plates because they were too big for us: chicken pasta alfredo with foccacia bread, thai beef salad, chicken fingers, and a huge omelet with sweet potato fries. The pasta was a little heavy but delicious! It was a perfect meal for after clubbing. I enjoyed the thai beef salad because there were a variety of different flavors that blended perfectly. There were also different textures (bits of crispy noodles, coconut shaving, and tender beef) that were a great mix together. To top off the night, we shared the frrrozen hot chocolate. It hit our chocolate craving spot so we loved it. Since it was our friend's birthday, we told our wonderful waitress and she and her other coworkers sang to our friend and brought out another frozen hot chocolate. The service was pretty good, especially since there were a lot of people there. We didn't wait 30 minutes for our food (I don't know how long we waited but it seemed as though it was only for 10 minutes).
3	I dragged my boyfriend and friend to try this place. I went to the NYC location a few years ago and just wanted to see the Vegas location to see how it compares. Unfortunately, I love the NYC location WAY more. This one is much larger and the service is great, but I just didn't have the exact same feeling walking into this one in comparison with the NYC one.The wait was significantly shorter though I must say. In NYC, we waited like 30-45 minutes for a table and the place is cramped. This location we waited only 10 minutes. But still, it just lacked a certain charm to it all.The menu is very extensive and very large! Literally!But the most famous thing to order is their Frozen Hot Chocolate. Luckily, my boyfriend and I shared. I was tempted to get my own but I just couldn't do it. It's HUGE! It was pretty yummy and not overly sweet. My boyfriend normally doesn't like chocolate desserts but he seemed to like this one. Overall, come here for the dessert and ambiance...it's very cute and makes you feel like a kid again!
1	Had a horrible experience at this spot. Homegirls always brag and boast of Serendipity, but I had to find out the hardway that it was not worth while. My frozen peanut butter hot chocolate was $9 and they  gave me the wrong one. It's basically a iced chocolate mix.Tried a hot dog, also not up to par. Vegas is suppose to extravagent and tasteful, this place was neither. I knew I was going to give them a bad yelp review the moment I received my frozen hot chocolate. Orders were all mixed up and there was a hair in my drink.Never again.
5	On a recent trip to Vegas my friends and I stumbled upon this little gem.  It seemed like just another family type restaurant, but I kept getting surprised as my experience unfolded.  The first surprise came when we where led out to a eating area on a balcony overlooking the strip, beautiful view of the Flamingo and there were heaters to keep us warm, we sat in a U shape so we could all enjoy the view.  Our waitress was super friendly and accommodating.  Something I immediately noticed on the menu was a root beer float cocktail, I obviously had to get it, and it did not disappoint...although it was really more of a dessert.  The onion ring appetizer was fancy and delicious.  My brie/turkey sandwich was alright, i'd get something else next time, but the true stars were the fries!  The best sweet potato fries I've ever eaten, they had a hint of maple syrup that was amazing...and the seasoned waffle fries my companions ordered were just as awesome.  Also ordered was an enormous hot dog that came with a bunch of fixings on the side including guacamole and dijon mustard...it looked delicious.  The drinks were pretty expensive, but it's Vegas, whaddya gonna do?  Food was reasonably priced.  Overall, the definite highlight of my Vegas trip and a new place to come back to next time!
3	So, my friends and I decided to make our way to this place on a late afternoon last Saturday.  As we walked closer, we saw the pink start to switch our decision to go, but I said, 'Whatever, let's go'.  My motivation was the Frozen Hot Chocolate.  It being the time it was, I decided to get the NY Hot Dog.  And to my disbelief, it turned out to be a foot long.  I wasn't really surprised because I already read reviews and knew what I was getting myself into.  The dog tasted good, but not when you have the Fr'HC to relieve your liquidity.  The Fr'HC was like a normal Chocolate Frap, just a bit more sweeter and no coffee taste.  Oh, and it costed like $9.  We didn't wait for a seat, we just ordered outside and ate in front of Caesar.  I would need to order something besides the norm to give a better assessment on S3.  But, hey, they're OK.
5	From the last Yelp-Elite party in San Francisco, I was chatting with one of my favorite Yelpers and she gave me few places to go in Las Vegas. One of the places she suggested was Serendipity 3, which is located at Caesars Palace. The New York restaurant is one of my personal bookmarked businesses. Until she mentioned it, I didn't know there was also one in Las Vegas. So after I dropped off my luggage at my stay at the Platinum Hotel, which is only a "long" block away from Caesars Palace and the lively Las Vegas strip, I was excited and hurried my ass to Serendipity at Caesars Palace. The restaurant is cute and crowded, but the bar was empty and had the crazy football game between the Green Bay Packers and Arizona Cardinals showing on their huge television. Looking at the huge menu, the restaurant serves your typical American food. But my main target was definitely-the Frozen Hot Chocolate with chopped peanut butter cups and clouds of whipped cream for $10.00. Since I was at the bar, the popular frozen treat was prepared at the bar and came really fast and presented in front of my face. I was shocked on how my treat was made with the pretty design and the liquid flooded all over my dish. One sip of my first Frozen Hot Chocolate, I was blown-away on how sinful this treat was. I was enjoying my frosty treat while watching the football game and watching the agile waitresses and gifted chefs working hard in the kitchen. My treat: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?userid=HYQoxBC1y1DGPq6pGP09TwThe treat may contain 10,000 calories, but you'll need it after burning off all those calories walking on the overpass to get across the street and into the next casinoRemember, get the popular frozen treat at the bar. You'll get it quicker. My Visa was accepted here and picked the right time of the day to enjoy my treat. Serendipity is the "Real Deal!"
1	My wife and me ate here as we stayed in Vegas for our honeymoon. I was looking for a little american flavor after being horrified by the buffet at the Luxor. I ordered an $18 dollar chili dog...yes folks $18 dollar chili dog!!! The chili tasted like it came right outta the can (I am sure it did). The dog was a hefty size. My wife ordered a $16 dollar BLT......she ended up removing the bacon as it loooked like rawhide an tasted like jerky. Sure...it's a nice little place located outside of Caeser's palace. But the food sucks and the prices our freaking crazy!!! It took FOREVER to get our food. But I guess when you have to cure the jerky for the BLT and order the can of chili from who knows where it takes awhile. The desserts looked good but after getting raped by a chili dog and BLT we decided to walk on up the strip and get the hell out of there.
3	How excited was i to hear that there was a Serendipity 3 in Vegas? VERY, i don't like traveling to New York, and now i can get my frozen hot chocolate fix and not travel across the country. I hope it's because they were so busy that the drink didn't come out as good as it was in New York. It wasn't evenly blended and made me only miss the original much more.
2	This is not like Serendipity in NYC. Sure it has the frozen hot chocolate but thats where the similarity stops. Its a bummer since I love the one in NYC so much, and was expecting a bit more regarding the decor and the location. The decor is boring, the one in NYC is exciting to go into with lots of design elements and crazy decor. The location here sits above the strip with only a few seats sitting along the strip to people watch...which the strip is sorely lacking in my humble opinion. If you want a frozen hot chocolate get one and get it to go...sit on the strip and eat it there...more entertaining and more visually appealing. Skip the food, its Cisco quality all the way(mass produced, factory farmed frozen food generally speaking).
1	After coming here with some friends because of all the good things I've heard about the one in NY, I would advise you to avoid this place. I originally would have rated Serendipity 3 maybe two or three stars, more because of the ambience and its cutesy decor, and our service was pretty good, but everything we ate was VERY subpar and overpriced. Why one star then? Well..After I paid about $36 (tips included) for a $14 drink and a lame-ass $16 sandwich, I went home and spent the rest of the night doubled over with extreme, vastly unpleasant stomach pain. I don't know which food item caused it, but I'm talking about stomach pain that made me want to curl up next to the toilet and wish I had never visited Serendipity 3. We started off with a frozen hot chocolate for my friend and a "Raspberry Truffle" (frozen hot choc + chambord + some other things) for me. The frozen hot chocolate was okay but I've had much better in Austin. The "Raspberry Truffle" was decent-tasting and was HUGE but the chocolate shavings and such were tasteless and didn't add much to the drink. Also, it got way too sweet after awhile so I didn't finish it.Next, entrees. My friend's salad looked mediocre. But $15 for a small-ish BBQ chicken pizza that Pizza Hut could have made better? And here's what I got.. $16 for an "Open Bries" sandwich with one slice of bread, a mound of sliced turkey very much like the packaged kind one gets at their local supermarket, a few slices of apple and some mayo with cranberries, topped with a few slices of brie? Yeah the sandwich was kind of huge, not to mention ridiculously hard to eat, but  the side that came with it (excellently seasoned waffle fries) was far tastier than the main dish. The concoction would have been better had it been fresh turkey.. not to mention more deserving of the $16 price tag.Don't come here.. not worth the price and potential wrath of hell to be instilled in your stomach.
4	To be more accurate, I'd give this place somewhere between a 3.5 and a 4.  But since I had a good time while I was there, I'll lean more towards the 4.During my trip to Vegas for an event, my friends and I came here after it was recommended by our friend who went to the one in the New York.  We decided to drop by for our friend's birthday during our second day in Vegas for dinner.We were seated fairly quickly for our group of seven (only about a 5-10 minute wait).  The interior of the restaurant just screams pink and girly... not sure if that style would go well with some (but I liked it).  The menu was huge (in both food selection and the actual menu) and a little bit more expensive than I thought.  I ordered the brie burger which I thought was just plain crazy but turned out to be pretty good and tasty!  I didn't get the chance to try out the frozen hot chocolate (dang) since we were too busy with the surprise birthday sundae for our friend (which was good, by the way).Having said that, the place gets minus one star since our server was MIA for a good part of our meal.  He took the orders and gave out the food when it was ready... that was about it.  He didn't refill our water or even check up on us to see how we were doing.  It wasn't toward the end of the meal that he said that he had to go and that someone else was taking his place... kinda late for that.I'll keep an eye out for the restaurant if I'm ever in New York... hopefully then I'll finally try that frozen hot chocolate.  Someday...
4	On a Sunday morning, my husband and I got there at around 11am. There was no wait at all. There were many empty seats. Even through it was still morning, I knew that I have to try the FRRROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE. The drink was definitely huge! I would say that the drink was like a hot chocolate favor ice blended. It was very tasty! We both liked it a lot. Because we ordered the big drink, we only ordered one dish. That was the Eastside Western omelette. I didn't like it much. The filling was fine, but the eggs were rough and fluffy. I just didn't like the texture. I will come back for sure for the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, but I will not have any omelette. I may try the chicken wings with waffle. I saw people ordered that plate. It looked great. Anyway, I think the drink is worth to try!!!! And, if you don't want to wait, go there early!!!!! Don't forget to check out the gifts!
3	SERVICE: goodDECOR: gorgeous!reason why this place was only 3 stars? it did not add up to the hype. First the movie, then everyone going bat shit crazy about their frozen hot chocolate. then reviews on this place in magazines, tv, friends, OPRAH. I HAD to try it. the prices are ridiculous. I know the portions are ginormous but, wow.. seems like you're paying more for the atmosphere than the food. I wasn't that hungry and did not feel like paying $15 for a hamburger, so I wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate and their sweet potato fries.FRIES WERE GOOOOOD you can't go wrong with sweet potato fries.. you just cant. as for their frozen hot chocolate. i have to ask, WHAT IS THE FREAKING BIG DEAL ABOUT THIS? its like a chocolate slush. not creamy or thick like a milk shake but lighter almost like frozen chocolate milk. sigh* i expected so much more. i expected something that was like the name. that they invented something that was a cold frothy and icy on the outside  and when you drank it , it would be warm or something on the inside. well that's what i imagined. nonetheless i was disappointed. i highly doubt i will go to this place again, although the decor would probably be the only thing to bring me back.
4	After I finally got the keys to my room at the Flamingo in Las Vegas, I opened the curtains & my mouth hit the floor when a pink sign across the street at Caesars Palace caught my eye. I can't believe Serendipty & the infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate is in Vegas!  I don't have to fly to NYC to get one.
4	The thai beef salad is delicious. When I read that it has a peanut sauce dressing I was a bit worried that it would be a thick super peanut buttery flavor.  Boy was I wrong.  They piled the salad high on top of half of a coconut.  The salad included jalapenos on the side (a nice surprise since i like spicy food) and slices of steak.  It was so delicious and I couldn't finish it all. I did make room for the FrRrrrozen hot chocolate yummmmy
2	I'd give this place a 3 or 3.5 stars if the prices weren't so damn high. Ever since I saw Rachel Ray visit the NYC location, I've been wanting to try the frozen hot chocolate.I only wanted a little snack to go with my Frozen Hot Chocolate, but everything was way overpriced...sandwiches $14, app's were $9 and up.  I settled for the potato skins, Spudniks about $9, really?  The frozen Hot Chocolate was around $14.  The skins were tasty, but for that price, I could get the same food at TGIF for less.  The Frozen Hot Chocolate was basically a chocolate milkshake. Yes, it was yummy.  Yes, it was huge.  BUT, it really wasn't to die for, thus the high price is not justified.The place is decorated cute with the Tiffany style lamps on the tables. The location is good, on the front exterior of Caesar's Palace.  The service was way too sloooooow.  It took forever for our waiter to get our drink order and it took awhile to get our food.  It was good to try and I'd probably check out the one in NYC, but I don't think I will be coming back to this location.
4	All you need to know when you come here:  DOUBLE FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!!Located by the Caesars Palace Forum Shops facing the strip is this cute Sin City version of the NYC cafe.  I've had the luxury of trying the original location in NYC and I'm sad to say that I prefer the food and drinks here.There were 4 of us and we each ordered something different.  Mushroom burger, some sort of hot dog, chicken burger, and buffalo wings and we were all pretty content with the quality.  Nothing too spectacular, but not too shabby either.  Personally, I probably wouldn't eat here all the time since Vegas has so many options, but this place is a must try for one thing.What stole our hearts that visit were the double frozen hot chocolates.  Me and my gf refused to share one of those ginormous, heaping chocolate milkshake-ish desserts because we are greedy lil heffers so we each got our own.  The guys got the regular frozen hot chocolate and that did not compare.  You have to get the double because they add icecream and the texture is so rich and much creamier.   Thinking back, it probably would've been a better idea to share, especially after the big meal.  It felt like a never ending fountain of chocolate goodness and by the time we were halfway done, we felt so sick from all that sugar and brain freeze.  But we were all smiles regardless!!~$14 for the regular frozen hot chocolate and I think we paid ~$22 for the double.  A bit steep, but when you're in Vegas, you gotta live life in the fast lane!
5	I love, love, love Serendipity! My boyfriend and I did not have a chance to go to their NY location when we vacationed last May so we were both pleasantly surprised when we saw it in Vegas.We were in Vegas for 5 days and dined at Serendipity 2x during our stay.  The 1st time the wait was about 45mins but definitely worth it.  We made it just in time to enjoy brunch and I had the Hangover (egg-white) Omelette. OMG it was huge!  My BF and I could have just shared that 1 meal.  Of course I had to try their infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate and it was absolutely divine.  I had it again during our 2nd visit.  I randomly crave it from time to time and it's a bummer we don't have a Serendipity in the bay area!If you don't want to wait to be seated they conveniently have an order window outside.  There are so many yummy restaurants in Vegas so if you're not enticed to eat at Serendipity at least stop by for dessert! ;)
5	CHICKEN & WAFFLES (infused with bacon bits)Need I say more???  ok, I will.  I have given this southern comfort food a handful of tries but it's never been outstanding...UNTIL I tried Serendipity's!  My bf & I were a bit reluctant when the waitress recommended it but decided, this is the last time this dish can redeem itself...and boy did it!!!  The chicken was so juicy and perfectly crisp on the outside.  The waffle is a one-of-a-kind experience...Tell me, who else puts bacon bits in their waffles?!?!?  If there is another place...really tell me, I wanna sample it!  All this with a side of Serendipity's signature Frozen Hot Chocolate and you're GOLDEN!!!
4	Serendipity was insanely packed on a Saturday afternoon. I believe we waited for about and hour. Was it well worth the wait? For me it was because the hype of Serendipity opening in Vegas was big deal because I always wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate everyone was goo goo ga ga over. I have to admit the frozen hot chocolate was delicious. As for the food, it was good but I remember it was falling apart and all over the place. The service wasn't all that great. The waitress was quite ditsy and forgetful. You would have to mention something to her at least 3 times. After the second time, it started to get annoying.I would definitely go back to Serendipity for their desert.
1	Very cute place, however, waaaaaayyy overrated! Try the frozen hot chocolate if you must, but definitley does not compare to the NY location.  Definitely not something as great as the hype is!
1	TWO WORDS: Overhyped and overpriced!I swear we paid $14 for a simple ice blended hot chocolate!  No joke, it WAS good.  However, not at all worth $14.  I think I'd be just as satisfied ordering a $4 Cappucino Blast at Baskin Robbins, despite the calories.I'll come back and give their food a try but next time, I'll just make my own froyo at home.
3	She said..."I agree with some of the other reviews when they say its overhyped and overpriced. It looks very pretty and trendy from the outside. We received a 50$ food voucher from cesars to eat there, so we used it and got a turkey club and chili cheese dog. It wasnt anything special, however, it was pretty big in size. The sweet potatoe fries were really yummy and they were covered in brown sugar. We wanted to try the popular sundae but we were too full. I didnt really find anything special about this place, and probably wont want to come back unless to try their deserts."He said..."This place isn't all that great, I think they get their food from the Augustus Cafe and then put it in different looking plates. I wasn't too impressed with my club. The bacon was hard and dried up like the desert in Nevada. Maybe next time we will try the $1000 sundae..."
3	The food at Serendipity was really great, and our waitress was fantastic. Though an hour wait to sit in metal chairs by a constantly opening door in not exactly my idea of ambiance. Oh and the fire alarm went off, cool.This will make me sound like an old lady - but it was realllly loud inside and food service was slow.Over all yummy eats, but an over hyped experience. Prices were really reasonable and my $10 bloody mary was big, spicy and super delicious.
5	I took my wife and 2 small children (2 and 4)  to Serendipity 3 at 330PM on a Saturday. The friendly hostess took our names and told us the wait would be around 45 minutes - and 45 minutes later we were being seated at our table.Wow we had a great time. My kids were entertained by Kyle our happy and friendly server. We ordered the Empire State Onion Ring Tower to start - it came sprinkled with Parmesan cheese and two dipping sauces.My wife then ordered the Serendipity Chicken Salad - the "signature" salad - dressing on the side because it is very saucy. I ordered the chicken pot pie, and the kids ordered a $15 (about a dollar an inch) hot dog to split. It was all very good. My son was psyched when Kyle delivered the relish tray with 5 different toppings and sauces. The Salad - crunchy and fresh with red and yellow grape tomatoes, hearts of palm, chicken, and fresh corn cut from the cob. 5 Stars - very large and good enough to eat without the salad dressing.The chicken pot pie. It was hot and fresh. The pie shell was cooked to perfection and fluffy. It was filled with large chunks of chicken, peas, carrots, and potatoes. Very tasty - 4 stars.... a little small - put good for the health conscious that don't want the "hungry man" portions.The hot dog was a long as my son's whole arm. He loved it and dug into the relish and onion toppings. My daughter loved her portion of the hot dog as well. The homemade bun was toasted perfectly - and the hot dog was all beef with no mystery meat. I tried a bite and was very impressed. 4.5 stars.On to dessert - first the New York Brownie Sundae - excellent and divine with a huge three layer fudge cake in the middle of an huge scoop of chocolate ice cream. 5 Stars. The Double Frozzzen Hot Chocolate - it lived up to the hype - it was really good and came with 4 straws. My kids loved the whipped cream and the frozen chocolate goodness. 5+ Stars.Overall the bill was a little less than 100 - with a 20% tip for our excellent waiter.In conclusion - great service, great food, great atmosphere. It was worth the wait and the price. For those of you with "Baskin and Robbins" comments - those are in the food court at the outlet mall and  in every town in America - splurge a little it's VEGAS! Save the $1 Whopper and a water budget or 1.49 Big Gulp / Big Bite combo adventure for your own home town.P.S. - the high prices keep out the "riff raff" - which makes a more pleasant dining experience.
2	Went here because my friend wanted to try their famous frozen hot chocolate. It was so not worth it. He loves chocolate and he did not find the drink very appealing. We actually sat and at lunch there. I order the chicken pot pie and it was very salty. I couldn't even finish it. My friend ordered an omelet, which was humongous. I think he liked it, but didn't finish it because he wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate. Overall I would say that everyone should at least try this place once to see it's not all that. The food is overpriced and the desserts are not good.
3	After seeing Bette Midler's show at Caesar's, we decided to grab some late night eats here, but were mostly interested in trying out the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate.  We had attempted to go the Serendipity 3 when we were in New York a couple of years ago, but didn't quite make it, so we were happy to see this new outlet on the West Coast.We had been given a coupon for a free Frrrozen Hot Chocolate with a $10 purchase, and let me just say, I am glad that it was free, because there is no way that I would ever pay $9.50 for one!  It is pretty tasty, especially if you like chocolate, but so overpriced!  My sister compared it to a frappacino without the coffee!  I guess overpriced is the theme here (although, it is Vegas, so it is kind of a given) because the Turkey Club is $16!!!!  I ordered some potato skins and I think they were around $10 as well!  While both food items were decent, they were nothing that knocked your socks off, but merely put a dent in your wallet!
4	Wow- came here specifically for the Frozen Hot Chocolate of course and it was amazing! I am still drooling over how incredible I assume the Peanut Butter version tastes. After having the FHC, I am sitting here wishing I had ordered the Double! DeliiiiiiiishI did not try the actual food but from the looks of other peoples tables, it looked mighty delicious.
4	I love it here. This weekend the girls and I went to Las Vegas for a birthday celebration. We overdosed on sugar, chocolate,deep fried oreos,  icecream and shrimp at this restaurant.We had the frozen hot chocolate, deep fried oreo sundaes, pop corn shrimp  and the spinach dip. If you are in LAS VEGAS, please try the frozen hot chocolate. If you are a  chocolate lover, then you have to try the frozen hot chocolate., Its soo good, very sweet but not too rich, topped with massive whip cream and chocolate spinkles. Two people can share one order. The pop corn shrimp was plain. There was no excitemement to the shirmp.  The spinach dip was good but I felt that the spinach dip at  Yard House,Las Vegas, was even better. They could have added more chips to the dish. There was more spinach dip than chips. I first went to Serendipity with My cousin in May 09.  They sat us on a table with a leaking hose that dripped water every 5 minutes on our table. The service was horrible because they totally messed up our order and thought we ordered the buffalo wings with bleu cheese, but we ordered the chicken strips with bleu cheese dip on  the side.Anyways, I have to applaud the frozen hot chocolate! Its my next greatest  sweet pleasure, right next to the Lemon Ice Box Pie at Lois the Pie Queen. !
3	Came here for one reason: the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. It did not disappoint. However, the restaurant just doesn't have the same charm as its NYC sibling. Fortunately, they have an outside to-go window. I'll probably just do that next time.
3	I am a little biased, I have visited the one in NY and thus, my heart belongs to NY. This one is all pinked out and cute! Our wait was supposed to be 30 minutes, but it turned out to be only about 15 minutes. Yay!But this place is good still. Friendly 'for-your-information'- everything here is meant to be shared. So don't be surprised when you order an appetizer of beef nachos and it's the size of your arm's length. Beef nachos- huge palm-sized, red, tortilla chips topped with ground beef and layered with cheese. We shared this baby and were both equally stuffed. Frrrozen hot chocolate- you HAVE to get this every time you step into Serendipity. It is their signature drink. Topped with whipped cream and shavings of chocolate. When I had their frrrozen hot chocolate, I was expecting it to be more bitter like the one I had in NY, but it turned out to be sweeter. Not to mention, there wasn't much ice to make that crunchy texture. I didn't really like mine, so I left it sitting on the table, whipped cream slowly dissolving into my drink. No thank you Serendipity 3.
5	Yum, Yum, Yum!If you love ice cream, or frozen desserts, Serendipity 3 in Las Vegas will hit the spot.  During a recent visit to Vegas, my girlfriends and I made a stop to this famous ice cream shop.  We enjoyed the frozen hot chocolate, a hot fudge sundae, and the waffle fries, the perfect balance of sweet and salty.  Both the frozen hot chocolate and sundae were very large and perfect for sharing.  I also want to make note that the vanilla ice cream in the sundae was very good; thick and creamy.  I have noted many sundaes at 'famous' ice cream shops do not have memorable ice cream, yet at Serendipity the toppings AND ice cream are delicious.The restaurant fills up fast, as we had to wait 45 minutes for a table.  However, put your name on the list and enjoy one of the many shops in the Bellagio or Cesar's Palace while you wait.  Serendipity is well worth the wait!
3	Personally, it's glorified fair food (on the strip no less).Had the colossal hot dog, french fries, the much talked about frozen hot chocolate ice cream (something just didnt gel right , tasted the powder). The french fries weren't crisp enough the first time.The atmosphere is cool. If I had kids would bring them here. Otherwise, lunching/seeking good grub--not my top choice
5	3 WORDS.FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE.You seriously have to try it! I've never tasted a well blended drink like that. EVER. Me and my friends tried eating inside but the wait was ridiculously long so we ended up just waiting in the line outside for some fast take out.
4	Serendipity 3 is a fun place to go on a casual night out.  Went here last night after dinner with a date and the place oozed with personality.  Firstly, it has a great view of the Caesars garden and fountain which is a huge plus.  The decor is huge with towering ceilings and clocks along with pastel colors and a ton of pink. The menu is like a diner style menu, but I didn't wanna go there just for food; I went for dessert.  The chocolate sundae we got was enormous and tasted fantastic.  Definitely worth the $14 price tag, I really enjoyed Serendipity 3 and recommend it to everyone.
4	Came here through recommendations from friends and reading up on yelp reviews.  So, I caved in tried the frozen hot chocolate and my bf had the strawberry one.  Super filling!!!  And yes I think it's a bit on the overrated side, but it was still good.Will be back but next time I know not to get one for myself!!  I couldn't finish the darn thing :-(
2	2.5 STARSThis place is cute, fun decorations, small & quaint. The prices are off the walls for just frozen hot chocolate, but hey, we're in Vegas and on the strip. For a party of 6, we ordered 1 frozen hot chocolate & 1 peanut butter frozen hot chocolate. Each were around $10-$14? I don't remember the exact amount. But 2 drinks between our party, no one finished any of it. It's good, for the first 4 sips, but then its so rich, that you can't drink too much of it. Everyone around us were eating food and stuff but we mainly came for the frozen hot chocolate, and it was just ok in my opinion
4	OMFG ;PThis place lives up to it's hype! The room is just dazzled with pink galore.  A really awesome place for family, couples, and friends.  Since the place is still fairly new, it is expected that it's packed as hell.  We waited 40 minutes for a party of 5.  There is an outside to order spot, but the menu is limited so don't expect to find all their items on there.It is super expensive! I literally spent like $15 for a cheeseburger, which i will post a pic of! Although it is sad that the cheeseburger is $15, it was heavenly. That was probably the best burger i had in awhile, juicy, cheesy cheddar that'll drive you mad, the bun, oh the bun was buttery and crunchy at the edges (ya know cuz of tha butta), but soft and fluffy around the center. my mouth is salivating as we speak. so you can go there for the yummy sweets, as well as the burger haha. we got the frozen hot chocolate by the way.The only reason i gave it a four is because it is too damn expensive, seriously. I only lavished this one time bc I was in Vegas! Instead of gambling why not buy food to fill your grumbling tummy? hope this helps!
3	Yes, the frozen hot chocolate is good.  Is it killer good?  Is it extraordinary good?  I wouldn't say that.  The frozen hot chocolate, to me, tasted like a good chocolate malt milkshake, if there is such a thing.  The menu is oversized [literally] and there are a lot of items to choose from.  We all had their burgers, which was good and good portions [10oz patties].  The waiter told us the salads are HUGE, although we didn't order any.For those who don't want to eat there, they do have a "take out" counter that you could just order and eat it on the run.The ambiance...looks and feels like an overdriven cotton candy stuck between Alice in Wonderland and a carnival.  Loud and in your face, it's a little too much for me, but then again, it didn't effect the taste of the food.
2	It was late so I didn't actually go in the restaurant, so I can't comment on service, but I give a for the walk up counter that is open late.  I shared the frozen hot chocolate with a friend and we agreed that it was WAY too sweet (and I LOVE my sweets).  Definitely not something i would pay $15 for again.
4	While driving on Las Vegas Blvd, I saw Serendipity 3 and screamed out "SERENDIPITY!"  Dr. P was like "what's that?"  I said, "What?  You don't know Serendipity?  How can you not know Serendipity?  Oh well, I guess you're not a girl so you wouldn't know."  haha....  I went to Serendipity 3 with my sister when we visited New York.  See, I didn't have the habit of taking food pictures back then, and just can't remember what we ate.  I just remember we each ordered something and the portion was huge.  But I do remember it was really really good.Our original plan was to have lunch at our hotel, check out, and head to the outlet before going home.  But sweet Dr. P said, "why don't we go to Serendipity for dessert before leaving Las Vegas?"  He totally read my mind!  Serendipity is right in front of Ceasar Palace.  We parked in their garage, and walked to the dessert shop through Ceasar Palace's beautiful fountain garden.There's a little shopping area when walking in the door.  The hostess told us the wait was about 40 minutes.  For delicious dessert, I can wait!While waiting, we looked through the menu.  We spotted this $1,000.00 dessert called Golden Opulence Sundaes.  Seriously? Seriously!  I googled and found a picture of the most expensive dessert in the world.  Who, I really want to know who, would order this dessert?From Wikipedia: This ice cream dessert is made using five scoops of ice cream made from single source ingredients, including vanilla beans from Tahiti, vanilla from Madagascar, and Chuao chocolate from Venezuela.  The chocolate syrup that is used is from melted Amedei Porcelana, one of the world's most expensive chocolate.  The sundae is then adorned in "candied fruits, gold covered almonds, chocolate truffles and marzipan cherries."  It is then topped with edible 23-carat gold leaf and sprinkled in tiny flakes of gold.  Edible gold leaf is made from pure gold that is compressed or rolled into very thin sheets only a few microns in thickness and containing no other metals or impurities.  Finally, floral decorations made with sugar paste that can take up to 18 hours to construct are placed onto the sundae.  The dessert is served in a Baccarat crystal goblet that the customer may keep.   The dessert is eaten with use of a provided 18-carat golden spoon.  Served with it is a side of fine grand passion caviar with a mother of pearl spoon.While dreaming about having the $1,000 ice cream, I was brought back to reality when our buzzer went off.  Yeah, we finally got a table after 40 minutes wait.At first we only wanted to come here for dessert.  But we waited for that long, might as well get our waiting time worth by ordering more food.  That's logical thinking right?  haha....  We were still quite full from the sandwich we had earlier, and decided to go with salad.  Serendipity 3 Chopped Chicken Salad is made with lettuce, chicken, cucumber, tomatoes, corn, and hearts of palm.  It was such a good salad.  Even though I was full, I couldn't stop eating it.  The thin long red sticks were not carrot (Dr. P actually thought those were carrot sticks haha dumbo).  They were crispy bread sticks.  I love this salad.  Maybe I can try to make my own at home.I am still jumping up and down with excitement when I see this picture of Strawberry Fields Sundae.  On the bottom there were strawberry ice cream, then lots of strawberry sauce with big big strawberries, then a layer of creamy strawberry cheese cake, then hand whipped cream with more strawberry sauce.  Mmmmmmmmm....  If there is a place call heaven, this would be what I'll eat everyday there.  As much as I love the sundae, I just couldn't finish it.  Dr. P tried to help as much as he could, but this thing is just too big.  I wish some smart scientist can invent ice cream that will never melt so I can take this sundae for to go.Dr. P ordered a cup of Caffe to get ready for the drive home.  The coffee was strong and good.I was so glad Dr. P suggested us to stop by at Serendipity3.  I love the food and the dessert he
4	We had just arrived in Las Vegas after being on a plane since the night before.  We checked into our hotel and were starving so we went looking for someplace to eat.  Always heard about the Serendipity's in New York, so we went to try out the one at Caesar's Palace.It was busy, but the wait was only 20 minutes.  Even though it was busy the service was good (fast & friendly).  I ordered the Empire State Onion Rings for an app and the honey dijon chicken pizza for lunch.  Yikes their servings were huge!!  Both the rings and the pizza were excellent.Unfortunately I was so stuffed, that I could not try one of their signature drinks or desserts.  Something to try the next time I'm in Vegas (or better yet New York).
4	While strolling down the strip with a couple friends, a collective stomach growl could be heard and we all decided that food was in order, and fast! We looked across the street and the newly opened Serendipity was calling the names of the ladies in the group; with its bright pink sign and memories of the darling movie which bears the same name. So we sauntered over and were told there was a 20 minute wait. For a Friday night in Vegas, 20 minutes is a blink of an eye. We were called in less than half that time and taken in to be seated. The inside of the restaurant is a little girls dream; pink and blue recessed ceilings, huge colorful light fixtures, and a giant bright pink clock. The menu is fairly extensive for a place that I would have considered more of a dessert spot. The actual food items are MASSIVE. I kid you not, some of the largest items of food I have ever seen given to one person. The sweet potato fries that accompany the entrees are to die for. If you like them even in the slightest, I urge you to give these a shot. They are sprinkled with some sort of cinnamon/sugar/salt combo that is just divine. I ordered the chicken strips (lame I know) because I wasn't feeling all that well and wanted something I could trust. They were actually wonderful and came with three sauces for dipping. My tablemates ordered the worlds largest hot dog California style, a Turkey club that was the size of a VW Bug and a take on a caprese sandwich that weighed as much as a newborn baby. Everything was truly delicious. The drinks from the bar that we ordered (a cranberry mojito) were a little on the weak side, but I think that's what I've come to expect in this fair city. All in all, we had a great meal. The service was great until the waitress dropped a dish down my back. Luckily it was empty and only left crumbs and small food smear. Could have been much worse. I would dine here again for more than one reason, but the biggest one being - we didn't have dessert!! Shameful, trust me, I know. But we were all so stuffed from the massive portions. Good food for sure.
4	Don't expect a quiet, romantic dinner. Do expect delicious, fun food for a reasonable price. In fact, forcits location, the prices are outstanding.
3	Definitely good but not as good as the original in New York City.  I liked the atmosphere much more in NYC.  Although the food was still good and the staff was really friendly.  Sometimes you just can't beat the original.
5	I first found out about this place through a movie... Serendipity.  Then my girlfriend tells me that there happens to be a new chain that recently opened in Las Vegas.  So there we were taking a mini vacation in Las Vegas and decided to drop on by.  The atmosphere was nice as it had this diner-type vibe.  As busy as they were, we were still seated right away.  For those that want take out... they also have windows that you can order from on the side.The service was great!  Our waitress was very friendly.  She took the time to go over the menu with us when we asked for a recommendation.  And when we ordered our food... we ordered something on the side, but when it arrived it wasn't exactly how we asked.  She took notice and immediately made the change before we could say anything.The food was great and the portions were definitely filling.  We even had enough to take back to the hotel for a later snack.  We had the rock shrimp appetizer (can't go wrong with shrimp) and ordered a single chili cheese dog to share.  This thing was no regular sized hot dog in a regular sized bun.  It was pretty big... (that's what she said).  But really... this chili dog with a side of fries definitely does the job.  Let's not get too carried away on the portions 'cause what good is a lot of food if it tastes like crap?  No worries here.  It was definitely good.  Toward the end of our meal we had the frrrozen hot chocolate (for free, courtesy of The Flamingo).  Imagine a "hot" chocolate on ice, with whipped cream and sprinkled bits of chocolate, topped with a bit of awesomeness.  If this drink isn't slap-you-in-the-face good, I will gladly do it for you.For the good service, good food, and nice atmosphere... I give Serendipity five stars.
3	You should come here to enjoy the atmosphere and to see what the hype is all about. Order a frozen hot chocolate and you've experienced the same Serendipity experience there is to the one in NY. Maybe, not quite since that one is a little shack. Mind you, this frozen treat is super sweet and even though you'll most likely share it with another human being, your'e bound to finish only half of it and leave a bunch of whipped cream behind.Their food is so-so...typical food you'd find at a TGIF or any other place that serves typical American "bar food." Loaded potato skins for $11? Who are you kidding? Extremely dry chicken dijon pizza for $14? Don't even think about it...you're better off buying frozen pizza and sticking it in the oven yourself. Like I said, people come here for the experience and for that, it gets 3 stars! There's just something so 'cool' about the ambiance. It makes us ladies feel special! :)
1	So far this place gets a one star from me because I can never get in! Everytime I try to go here, the line is over an hour, sometimes an hour and half and when I'm in Vegas in the middle of the strip, there are way too many options to waste my time waiting. I glance at the people who did sit through the wait and all I see is boring blah salads that look like they were prepackaged from the grocery store and I start wondering is this place really worth the wait? Even when I tried to go to the New York location, I ran out of time so maybe its just not meant to be? But still, I'm just curious to try the frozen hot chocolate, supposedly their speciality, so I'm going to keep trying and hope there's a time when there's no line. But the managment has got to do something to decrease the wait here. More seating perhaps? But for now one star based on the line alone. If I ever get a chance to go, I will update this review.
3	This place is definitely not all it's hyped up to be.  I didn't get a chance to go to the one in New York so I was excited when they opened this one up.  The first time I tried to go, they were closed.  Granted it was around midnight, but c'mon, this is Vegas!  People don't sleep in Vegas!  Plus people need their consolation sugar fix after they lose all their money gambling.  Anyway, I finally got to try their frozen hot chocolate, which was pretty good.  I can see how they became famous from this product.  However, I also tried their deep fried oreo sundae which was just okay.  All in all, it's worth a try if you haven't been, but I probably won't be going back.  The prices are ridiculously high for what it is.  Not only that, there is usually a line at least 45 minutes long during peak hours.  I think I'll give the NY one a try if I ever make it back over there.
3	Food/Drinks:  Starters: Had to try their frozen hot chocolate which was advertised to have 20 different types of chocolate and whipped topping goodness on top!  We had a regular size one to indulge and the first sip was YUM-MY!  Not extremely sweet but still tickles your inner child.   Like a fat kid love chocolate cake!  If you love chocolate and especially chocolate milk- your mouth will just drool and love you, Your mind will be sweetened and bring you to nirvana and your stomach will just be satisfied since we couldn't even finish it between the two of us.  A bit pricey but not bad if you share it with a choco-holic =)  Sandwhich:  I forgot the name of the sandwhich but it was turkey with cranberry mayo on a raison rye bread along with the basic sandwhich ingredients.  The cranberry mayo spread was the highlight of the sandwhich and just brought it all together.  Sides: Sweet pototato fries-  They're not bad.  Wished it was a bit more crispy on the outside.              Cross cut fries- Just your typical fries, though it does bring me back to the high school days where we have that and curly fries...Location/ Atmosphere: Fun atmosphere that would be great for kids, but not too childish for adults.  Great location on the strip with an outdoor patio with shade which would be great for the summer. Price:  It is a bit pricey but its one of those things you should try their most popular item or when you just want to spoil yourself, have a chocolate craving or just want to imerse yourself in chocolate.
3	Eating at Serendipity in Vegas is kind of like being in a giant's land because all the plates and cups are so big. Also everything is amazingly pink so if you don't like that color you might want to stay away.While the menu is traditional American and none too adventurous if you're looking for an easy, albeit kind of pricey, lunch I recommend their delicious waffle fries alongside a Summer Bries sandwich. This sandwich is made of turkey, apples, cranberry mayo and brie served open faced on raisin pumpernickel bread. It is as good as it sounds.Also good to know - they have sweet potato fries if you're a fan of them like me. Although here the waffle fries are better tasting I think. And of course, you can read the rest of the reviews to find out about desserts. As for me I went for the 25 cent gumball on my way out. ;-)
4	Been here twice and everytime i try a new item on the menu and LOVE it!  Share your food so you have room for the frozen hot chocolate! last time i was there i got the ABC (avocado, brie, carmelized onions) burger plus waffle/sweet potato fries! one of the best burgers ive ever had! This time i tried the steak n 3 sunnyside up eggs plus bacon breakfast sandwich! it was about a foot long! HUGE! i ate about 1/3 of it and i was stuffed! my friend got the ny 1 ft long hotdog w/ all the fixings and we shared the waffle and sweet potato fries! AWESOME!our hotel gave us a free frozen hot chocolate coupon so we def had to save room for it! but regardless everyone should get one when they go there b/c its their trademark menu item!
4	The place wasnt bad. Wifey and I got a sundae and "customized" it be substituting chocolate icecream instead of the coffee ince cream as described in the menu. (the sundae included peanutbutter flavors, etc..... so we felt it would be better with choco ice cream rather than coffee)....In any case, the desseerts were pretty good. Service could have been better, therefore the one star docked. We didnt get the bill in a while and we had to flag someone down to get it. Cmon now, it's Vegas, we got people to see, places to go, Money to ......... win!I would go there again. Probably try another type of sundae. Hk's parting shot -- -- We didnt know, but apparently you can make reservations from what we overheard. That way you dont have to wait extraordinarily long! Next time .... next time...
3	If I was reviewing ONLY the Frozen Hot Chocolate (Fro Ho), then it would be a 5 Star review all the way!  However, since I am doing the whole Serendipity experience I have to knock off a few stars.  This location sits in front of Caesar's right off the Strip.  It is not very big inside and there are limited seats (inside and out) and that translates to long lines.  It is cute - all white with pink and orange accents.  However, the way around the lines are just heading to the window outside the sit down restaurant to get your sweet treats.  This too can result in a long line, but it moves!  My hubby and I ordered a couple 16oz Fro Ho's and found a ledge to sit to drink them, since the limited outside seating was all full!  It is a huge outside space and they fill less than half of it with seating, which results in people plunking themselves everywhere!?  Duh, put out more seats!  You have the room!!!  Anyways, we sampled out Fro Hos and enjoyed the people watching opportunity that this section of Caesar's gives us.  The Fro Ho tasted exactly how you would expect - an icy version of the winter treat.  It was yummy and just as good in the sun on a ledge as it would be inside - maybe not as pretty, but I loved it all the same.  It is a fun stop.  Next time I am getting the donut that is as big as my head.  It is calling to me!!!
3	The wait here was outrageous. There were about 5 people in front of us in the outside line and it seemed to take about 30 minutes to get our stuff. Looking behind us there was at least another 20 people back there. They had very limited seating on the inside and outside there was a square that was full of people. We had to find a ledge to sit on in front of a half-naked statue.As for our orders... I got a 16 ounce Frozen Hot Chocolate that tasted just like it sounds. Uber-yummylicious. One of the best things I've ever tasted.
3	I love the hot coco ice blended drink!!! it was awesome :)The food portions were HUGE, if you're a small eater I suggest sharing with someone. The place was nice,specially if you sit outside and just ppl watch while you eat. You'll love being in the middle of the Vegas STrip. Another place to go back to when I'm in sin city!
3	We came here to try the frozen hot chocolate. It was good but not OMG good. The price is ridiculous for what your getting...a glorified chocolate drink. You can get something better at Starbucks and pay less.
4	Obviously, any girl who has watched Serendipity, starring John Cusack and Kate Beckensale, would scream and dance in hysterics upon seeing this lovely place on the Vegas strip!My best friend and I have been wanting to go here since last summer in August 2009. This time on our 24-trip to Vegas back on 3/4 to 3/5, we decided to finally hit this place up!  We came by a little too early, (they opened at 11am, we had gotten up extra early-- so killed some time by walking around Caesar's Palace.)  When we finally got in, we were seated immediately and got a look at the menu.  I love the layout---it's a little bit antique and 1920's vibe.  I loved the caricatures of ladies drinking from huge "jugs" of ice cream bowls.  Silly silly silly!  I was hungry and decided to order the chicken pot pie.  It had better  be good considering the size... 10.95 for a pot pie! Wow.  The crust was ample, flakey, and just the right buttery goodness.  The cream sauce, chunks of potato, carrots, and peas were just the right size to spoon up and chew.  The chicken was nice and tender... and thankfully this pot pie didn't feel like I was eating coagulated barf stew. (I'll tell y'all about my pot pie craving and run to Marie Calendar's  another day.)  So the pot pie was delish! My friend got the spinach, tomato, and egg omelet topped w/ mozzarella cheese.  It was a huge omelet, and she barely had enough space to finished her criss-cut fries.  Waitress was very helpful and quick.  We definitely did not have space for dessert (even though that was the whole point of going there in the first place!) so we told her we'd  come back later!--- That we did!---We came back and took forever to decide over so many different choices.  I forgot the name of the one we got... but it was so chock full of whip cream, vanilla syrup and chocolate syrup... that humongous sundae was enough to feed 3 ppl.  Mind you--- we had to share this treat  between just the two of us!  I'll post up pics soon on this delish treat---  but before we left--- the same waitress from before thanked us for coming back.  A check off my list for trying out this place.  Now I'm gonna go pop the movie in my dvd player and dream up serendipitous chances to find love again. haha.
4	This place is so good! Service was perfect, food stupendous, and the dining area very clean and well serviced. My ONLY negative about this place is the PRICES. Please cut them down. The food is good, but it shouldn't be 14 dollars for a cheeseburger.. I will like to go back, but it's hard to keep purchasing food that high-priced.
2	This place is over-hyped and expensive! We got there around 11pm and waited about 20 min for a table. The place looks large from the outside but it has a small dining area. I ordered the frozen hot chocolate (~$10) and the chili cheese dog (~$16). Sure the portions are huge but the quality is mediocre. The frozen hot chocolate tastes exactly what the name sounds like, with a lot of whipped cream and chunky pieces of ice. The chili cheese dog was like 2 large hot dogs on a plate and it came with waffle fries. Nothing special. The only nice thing about that dish was the different condiments that it came with like sauerkraut, onions, mustard, and relish. To sum it up, this place was very disappointing and should be avoided!
5	Wow. The food was excellent. We actually attempted to go to Serendipity on 3 different occasions during our trip this past weekend but the wait was always around 30 minutes. On our third try we finally decided to wait it out.  I had never heard of the place but my boyfriend heard rave reviews and was obsessing about going. When we finally decided to wait I did notice that we were the ONLY people on the list and there were several tables open...not sure why we had to wait, but in all honesty it was well worth it. The sweet potato fries were my favorite, but everything we ate was delicious. The nachos were MONEY!  Everyone raves about the frozen hot chocolate, and don't get me wrong it was good, but compared to everything else it was my least favorite item. In my opinion, the ice cream sundae was much better.  Anyway, I'm super excited that they'll be opening a location in Georgetown in the near future.  I can't stop thinking about those damn sweet potato fries.Oh, and the food is picture perfect.  Every table took a picture of their sundae's before they ate them.  :)   All-in-all, well worth the wait!!
3	What's the hype? Place seems like it's geared to fulfilling women and hyper active children's cravings. Because of all the pink, I thought Victoria Secret or Miss Piggy of the Muppet Babies had a hand in establishing the joint.The place was busy and there was a wait list that lasted anywhere from 10-25 minutes. We just took refuge at the bar which worked out anyways because we just wanted to try one thing on the menu.We only stopped by to try that infamous frozen hot chocolate drink ($10). It's big enough to feed two people. After a few sips, I felt my blood sugar maxing out. Soon after I would have the jitters like crack head Tyrone on the Chappelle Show. "Red Balls!" It was okay, but I had much better sweets elsewhere.Just another place to say that I have sampled something from them. A tad bit overrated but I can totally see Serendipity being blasted on Food Network type shows and getting a lot of attention and hype.
4	One of my favorite movies is Serendipity!  I love the word and how it rolls off your tongue too haha.  So this trip, we all made it pretty clear that we wanted to have serendipity no matter what!  We ordered from the to go line...  "5 frozen hot chocolates please with those cool spoons you have!"My first sip was so delicious.  This drink is definitely for the chocolate lover.  its very rich, espeically as you keep on drinking!  sadly, i couldn't finish mine because it was so so sweet, but if you have a major sweet tooth, this is definitely for you! I thought it was delicious, but for $10, I feel like i could make it myself with a bag of instant hot chocolate, some chocolate syrup, ice and whip cream.   i still want to try the one in NY.  I wonder if its the same?
3	I ordered the frozen peanut butter hot chocolate and my husband got an oreo shake. The oreo shake was a normal size portion and cost more than my huge frozen peanut butter hot chocolate. The peanut butter hot chocolate is meant to be sharen. The wait time was pretty long for the shakes and seems to be always quite busy. I would probably not get this again because our shakes together was close to $25!!!!
3	The food isn't that bad but it's over priced. I had a chicken sandwich and my mom had a hamburger. It was a bit dry but the waitress who was a sweetheart got mayo for it. The mushrooms didn't stay on there. The frozen hot chocolate was good but it makes such a mess but it taste so good.
4	On a recent trip to Sin City, a visit to Serendipity was on the top of my list. I've been to the original NYC location several times, and looked forward to seeing how this west coast location compared to the east coast OG one. My partner in crime for the weekend, Li, had never been to either location, so was more than happy to accompany her. Slightly hungover, we needed sustenance before diving into the famous Frozen Hot Chocolate. I was shocked to find out that the wait was only 20 minutes. The interior doesn't quite have the charm and coziness of the NYC location, but is open and spacious. There is also outdoor seating available. The music was an eclectic mix of 80s, 90s, and current tunes, which I appreciate, but the volume was a bit loud for my liking. So, we ordered: - Cup of Tomato Soup: The flavor and texture were perfect, and one of my best I've ever had. I loved how it was accented with goldfish crackers. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=Hni3DAqO9NXPth8mNsK5eA - ABC Burger: Avocado, Brie Cheese burger. Li and I were intrigued with this unique combo, and decided to split this and it was wonderful. Juicy burger and toasty buns, and ginormous portions of avo and brie. This was accompanied by crisp, sweet potato fries. - Frozen Hot Chocolate: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=85Ev04Z-UaQksArEs2ZVNg The grand finale! It didn't disappoint and was super thick and chocolatey. It's better than a chocolate malt/milkshake, as the consistency is icy, yet creamy. This was topped with a huge dollop of whipped cream and chocolate shavings. Talk about choco heaven! Oh Mylanta! We sipped and slurped as much as our stomachs could handle, but failed to finish it. Overall, a decent Serendipity experience. Our server wasn't the friendliest nor super attentive. It took some time for my Diet Coke refills, food, and bill  to arrive at our table. Ambiance isn't as quaint and lovely as the NYC location, but it's still fun place to bring your friends and family. Be warned that the prices are a bit high, food portions are large, music is loud, and service can be spotty. There's a lil' retail area for the t-shirts, frozen hot choco packets, etc., Also, unlike the NYC location, there is a take-out window where you can order from a limited menu (some snacks like pretzels, donuts, etc.,as well as frozen hot chocolate) to enjoy in front of the patio tables in front of Caesar's Hotel or to take along while you walk the strip.
4	I've been to the one in NYC, which took a wait of over 3 hours to get into, and yeah, the frozen hot chocolate was good....but dang....a 3 hour wait...in a tight, cramped place!I was excited to see that there was a Serendipty in Vegas. The decor was beautiful and it was roomy and spacious! My friends and I had the chicken fettucini with chicken, pot pie, and the burger with brie and avocado. We were all fans of our food! So, so, good. We also had a pina colada mixed drink that was beyond incredible!Besides the good food and drink, our wait was about 10 minutes and we had awesome service! Check it out!
2	March Madness - had peeps in town for the craziness and people let me tell ya - the Strip was mardi gra-esque on friday/saturday.  Got lucky and scored a free room at Caesar's and one at my fav local casino , Gold Coast.  Naturally, for food, spent more time at Caesar's.  Finally hit Serendipity on Saturday afternoon - 40 minute wait and for what - damned if i know !  It is convenient but is this food any better than the snack bar at the local bowling alley - not really .i had the hot dog- came with Fries for $15 --totally uninspiring. And yes, ordered the frozen hot chocolcate for the table - basically take a  large bowl of chocolate ice cream put it on the counter for 1 hour, serve it with whip cream on top and presto !  Frozen Hot Chocolate  - what a scam !! i usually try places twice before i review - i ain't hitting this place a 2nd time .  went ahead and gave the 2nd star because the weather was great and we sat on the patio and one of the foo-foo mixed drinks was decent.pics added
1	I was really looking forward to this place, but seriously this place is so over-rated.  The wait for 2 was going to be 20-30 minutes.  My husband and I decided not to wait, but to go to the take out window instead.  The menu on at the take out window is condensed, but it still has the frozen hot chocolate.  We ordered the smallest size of the frozen hot chocolate for $8.50 - that's eight dollars and fifty cents!!! Serious? But I thought eh I'm in Vegas and maybe it is that good. NOT! It was way too sweet.  I couldn't even finish half of the drink.  I am so glad we did not wait for the sit-down. Would've been a waste of time. Oh well. Maybe the one in NYC is better.
3	Did not find my John Cusak here, just some sweet desserts for some not so sweet prices. The atmosphere is the real reason I enjoyed this place so much. We went during an off time, 4pm on Sunday, so our group of 10 was seated quickly. I like the pink everything & milkshake shaped bushes, definitely a very girly & fun place to chill with your gal pals. We ordered the frozen hot chocolate (of course!), cheesecake, and a banana split. All were delish, but nothing extraordinary, each one costing over $10, but under $15. I was expecting the frozen hot chocolate to blow my mind, but i found it to be like an icy chocolate milk shake. It's unique, but nothing I would add to my list of FDE (Favorite Desserts Ever). The cheesecake slice was light & fluffy, & HUGE enough to split between 10 girls. The banana split was a more moderate size, but had really yummy ice cream. This place certainly does cure your sweets craving & is a nice addition to the salty, greasy foods & alcohol you're bound to consume in Vegas. I'd recommend checking it out if you're never been here before just for the experience!
5	I first heard about the New York Serendipity 3 on the Food Network and then again on the Colbert Report. The thing that makes this place be in the media is the famous "Golden Opulence Sundae". The most expensive dessert, $1,000! When I went to Vegas in the summer, I saw Serendipity 3 and knew I wanted to try it out! It was around lunch time, and they weren't too crowded. My boyfriend and I only waited about 10 minutes. The decor is very retro/50's. The colorfulness of this restaurant makes me forget I'm in Vegas. It gives a young and happy retro ambiance. I recently came back to Vegas in February. Now this place is very crowded during breakfast.  I suggest coming after 2:00PM because they have  a larger selection for lunch. They now have a to-go line outside of the restaurant, but the menu is very limited. I suggest you make reservations if you want to eat here now. My boyfriend and I sat at the bar this time. The bartender was so nice to us. We ordered a Frozen Hot Chocolate. And since it was VEGAS, we asked if he could make it an alcoholic one. He mixed in Vanilla Kahlua and Bailey's. OMG!! It was so GOOD! The Frozen Hot Chocolate is definitely a MUST HAVE!I also love the WAFFLE FRIES! They are so addicting. We ordered TWO to go orders of the waffle fries.
3	I thought this place was charming. I liked the atmosphere and decor. Very pink and girly, which isn't usually my thing but it worked here. And I fell in love with the sundae-shaped topiary covered in lights that was outside. And the curvy, womanly torso-shaped hostess stand.Definitely try the frozen hot chocolate. I would recommend splitting it with someone, unless you are serious about your frozen drinks. I ordered the Raspberry Truffle, which was a frozen hot chocolate the size of my head, with alcohol, and piled high with whipped cream. Add in the chocolate shavings and raspberries, and I did not need dessert.For dinner, I picked the foot-long chili cheese dog. Looking at the menu, there were quite a few things I would have picked. But I had a burger that morning at 5 (long night) and had pizza for lunch, so I went with the hot dog. Bad choice. It was huge (I'm talking circumference). There was no way I was picking that thing up to take a bite. Which is probably why they serve it with a big knife. The hot dog was also really salty. I couldn't eat more than 3 or 4 bites. The waffle fries are a must, though. The sweet potato fries are also good, but the waffle fries win in my book. One friend ordered a cheeseburger and enjoyed it. Another friend had the grilled cheese with tomato soup and also liked her food. So, I'd just stay away from the foot-longs.The food and drinks were a little pricey, but not when you consider you're eating in Vegas, right on the strip. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely go back for dessert. And maybe to share a frozen hot chocolate.
4	I love this place, I have to have some frozen hot chocolate every time I come here, only because it's easier than going all the way to N.Y.This time I went the service kind of sucked.But the nachos and frozen hot chocolate filled my bf and me up.
2	So I was in Vegas yesterday and decided that I must try the frozen hot chocolate that I've heard so much about.  I have to say, it's way, way overrated.  Honestly, Starbucks java chip frap is much better and cheaper!  A few people here said it tasted like Ovaltine and I agree with that.  It's seriously nothing special and apparently a lot of people yesterday felt the same way b/c I saw several of them who left half their drink unfinished.  However, I figured I just spent 10 bucks on it, so damn straight  we finished ours, but again, not impressed.  I will say that their nachos were really good, though.
3	FOOD: i ordered the blue cheese and bacon hamburger...sorry yelpers i'm not sure what the exact name is.  The burger was pretty tasty, the hamburger was juicy and all the flavors mixed in perfectly.  The bun looked really cool, but i thought it was a tad too dry. I also enjoyed their sweet potato fries..these are a must try!  the burger was 16.50.  i wouldnt say it was worth the price, but then again it's vegas, so u can't expect cheap prices. Frozen Hot chocolate: we ordered the smallest one.. it was around 9.75.  let me tell u, this taste MUCH better when u order it in the restaurant.  Last time, I ordered it from their To Go area and it wasn't as tasty.  I love how it taste more like REAL chocolate and not filled with the heavy milk flavor.Service: SUPER SLOW!!! our waitress was pretty lame.  she never checked up on us and passed our table at least 5 times before she took our order.  all in all, the food was pretty good but didn't outweigh the high prices and slow service to be given 4 stars
4	This place has amazingly cute decor. It's like the quintessential girls trip lunch place!  The triple decker grilled cheese and tomato soup was maybe the best thing i've ever tasted in my life. So salty and amazing. The service was TERRIBLE but truthfully i didnt even care! the drinks were expensive but like a salad in a glass, which i love. I had the salad which had fresh corn in it, awesome! Definitely do not come here for a "light" lunch. The frozen hot chocolate is as amazing as everybody says!
2	The frozen hot chocolate is basically nestle quik with crushed ice.  It would be an awesome treat to make at home but I expected a little more after waiting 20 minutes in line and paying 10 bucks.
3	It started off bad, kept rolling down hill from there, but luckily finished on a bit of a high note. 11pm and this place closes at midnight.  First of all, it's Vegas and why would a place like this, located literally right on the strip, smack dab in the middle of Las Vegas Blvd close at midnight?  That seems ridiculous, but we made it with plenty of time to spare. Apparently this place is a full service restaurant with a bar inside, and not just a dessert joint.  The hostess inside informed us that since we had a large party, that it would be quicker if we ordered from the window and sat outside.  Cool, that sounded easy enough.  So we perused the menu posted right outside, next to the window that you have to order from.  After a good 15 minute wait, we get to the window, and order...But wait!  Not all the items we wanted were available at the window. What?  The menu is right there!  Apparently, cakes are not available at the window.  So, the guy at the window told us all we had to do was go back inside and order at the bar.  Then take our food outside again.  Ok, here we go again.  I order at the bar, and the bartender seemed a bit peeved that we were doing that, but lightened up at the end.  He was, after all, trying to serve the patrons at the bar too, and it seemed weird to order all this food at the bar.  Whatever.  What made things worse was that one of my friends wanted a big pretzel, and when I ordered it, the bartender told me that I had to order it OUTSIDE because it was only available at the window.  WTF!  The food all comes from the same kitchen, right?  So, I sent my friend outside and by this time, they were closing up the window, so they told her she couldn't order.  Oh HELL NO!  She wasn't having that, so she very sternly told them that she would be getting her pretzel and that they would be serving her.  And they did.Enough of all that.  The ordering system could use some help.  That's obvious.The desserts were all huge and were meant to be shared amongst 2 or more people.  Did we?  Hell no!  This is of course Vegas and we were living a life of excess...if only for one weekend. I'm happy to report that the carrot cake, all 12 inches plus of it, was delicious...according to my friends.  The humble pie, a peanut butter pie with graham cracker crust, was a bit too overwhelming in the peanut butter taste.  The same goes for the "Can't say no" Sundae...too much peanut butter and not enough everything else.  The pretzel was an epic fail!  Epic!  The frozen hot chocolate was a disappointment.  Perhaps if I didn't have it served "to-go" it would've had a better presentation, then a better taste.  For me, it was an overpriced Frappachino.The best dessert in this place, hands down, was the deep fried oreo sundae.  It's huge, it's messy, and it's delicious.  Yes, that's still the sundae that I'm talking about.The cakes and pie slices run about $7-$10 and can easily feed 2-3 people.  The sundaes are $15 and also feed 2-3.  If they could figure out a more efficient ordering system, they'd certainly have my business again...without the pretzel!Should be more like 2 stars...but it's VEGAS BABY...VEGAS!
4	The food here is good, but overpriced.CLEANLINESS: 4/5SERVICE: 3/5FOOD: 4/5- ABC (Avocado, Brie, Caramalized Onions) Burger- Frozen Hot ChocolateI don't remember why this place was famous, but supposedly it's in a movie or something and the original one is in New York. The decor is really girly and circus-like. Our party decided to sit outside, but that was probably a wrong move because it was hella windy. Luckily they had some heaters on, so that made it somewhat better. Our waitress was alright. She didn't seem very personable or present. She was barely around, and there weren't even a lot of customers outside. However this other guy with curly hair was also waiting tables nearby, and eventually helped us whenever we needed something. Thank you curly hair man. The supervisor or whoever that blond lady was, seemed really angry and mean. Please take that negativity behind the doors and away from the customers. I hate hearing employees getting scolded right next to any customer in a restaurant... it makes things so awkward.Now for the food! The ABC Burger was pretty damn good. It was kinda hard to bite because it was stacked up high. It was kind of small, but enough for me. The burger came with these awesome sweet potato fries. My definite favorite. I asked for some honey mustard, which made it even more bomb. The meat was cooked correctly and was full of flavor. For dessert, I got the frozen hot chocolate which was alright. Nothing out of this world. Would I come here again? Probably, just because it's Vegas and those sweet potato fries are always a win for me. Too bad the menu is overpriced!
5	For the people who have said this restaurant is over priced. I say ur ridiculous. IT'S THE STRIP get over it. There's a mcdonalds and subway at osheas. This place is amazing. Kyle (our server) was the best server I have had in a long time. Friendly happy sweet. Had the buffalo fingers(yummo) and a chicken burger. Took some time, but Kyle made it better. Even though this small minded woman (the general manager) was disrespectful to Kyle the entire time I was with him. Yelled at him in front of me and my bf while we were there. I wouldve marked them down, but his service made up for it. Btw food is phenominal. Worth the price which is cheap compared to other restaurants.
3	This is a review for the To-Go menu of Serendipity. For those that are too cheap to pay a $15-20 dollar tab for Serendipity's dine in menu, there is an alternative, somewhat inexpensive To Go menu. Here you will find hot dogs, pizzas, among other things, including their famous "Frozen Hot Chocolate."For $8.50, the Frozen Hot Chocolate was rather unimpressive. Although the price isn't too bad upon comparing it with other places on the strip, it just doesn't make sense to order a cup of chocolate powder, whole milk, and ice for that high of a price. Knowing that I could have refilled my Fat Tuesday margarita for $9.00 made buying a Frozen Hot Chocolate without splitting it impossible. With this in mind, it's my recommendation that you split this drink with a friend or boo. This way you'll get the chance to try this famous drink without feeling too jipped. Happy drinking in Vegas! (of Frozen Hot Chocolate, OF COURSE.)
2	This place is alot of hype. Frozen hot chocolate was a watered down, caffeine free version of a mocha frappaccino. The food was super expensive. Reminded me of BJ's food on a different plate. The decorations were fun, kooky and reminded me of the scene in Alice in Wonderland when she was falling down into the tunnel. Overall, I would just walk by to admire the place but definitely not stay and eat.
2	I have high expectations when my friends recommend a place.I popped in to Serendipity 3 recently with a good friend of mine who was in town. We didn't have time to meet up for dinner, so we thought this would be a good dessert spot.We shared the Frozen Hot Chocolate. It was good, not great. Slightly watered down, but it did have that chocolatey overtone.To be perfectly honest, I've enjoyed a more full-flavored beverage at Starbucks or the Coffee Bean.The environment seems very warm, friendly and inviting. The staff was very attentive. These were the only redeeming factors."Meh. I've experienced better." BUT it wasn't the worst place in the world. Just being honest.
3	i was craving the frozen hot chocolate...it was monstrous! it was pretty good tho not quite how i remember it from new york...we had ordered a bunch of other things like the nachos, a burger, the hotdog. everything was pretty good - but not sure if it is quite worth the hefty price tag for diner type food (ok, it's a bit fancier than diner food).wish we had some room for dessert - we decided next time, to just go for dessert.service was just okay. a bit slow and we needed to flag down our waiter a couple of times. they do take harris' comps - so that was a plus.
4	I yelped this place since I was going to Vegas and wanted to find somewhere good to eat. I heard that they were famous for their Frozen Hot Chocolate so I knew I had to try it once I was in the area.My friends and I decided to come here during lunch and to our surprise Holly Madison! We were in awe and complete shock when we saw her! She was there for the 1 year anniversary of this Serendipity location. We were completely star struck due to the fact that she was sitting at the table right next to us! Anyways, back to the food..I ordered the TBLT (Turkey bacon lettuce and tomato) sandwich with the Sweet potato fries. The portion was pretty big and I was unable to finish my sandwich and fries. The Sweet potato fries were the best that I've ever had. They were crunchy and also had some sort of brown sugar on top of it, to give it a much sweeter taste. By the time I was finished with half of my sandwich and fries, my friend Jenn and I shared a Frozen Hot Chocolate. When it arrived, there was some chocolate drowning at the bottom of the plate. It was good and very filling. I was stuffed by the end of that meal. The service was good considering the fact that we were surrounded by paparazzi. Our waiter was very attentive and quick. This place was a little pricey, but it's on the strip so nothing is really cheap.
4	The fried chicken with waffles here is soooo good! The breading on the chicken is so light, flaky and not greasy at all. I love to dunk my chicken in the honey mustard sauce but even if you don't like honey mustard sauce, the chicken is still really moist and tasty.The potato chunks that come with the dish are tasty but the waffles are just ok. The second time I ordered this dish, I asked to get super good sweet potato fries in place of the waffles. The portions here are ginormous. The prices are a little high but not prohibitive at around $20 per entree. The ambiance is fun and flirty with pink touches everywhere. If it's not too cold, I think outdoor seating is more fun. Although this place is known for their frozen hot chocolate, I wasn't too impressed with it. I'm glad I tried it but don't see what is so special about it.
3	After visiting the Serendipity in New York, I had to visit the one in Vegas, and it just didn't compare. After falling in love with the Frozen Hot Chocolate there I thought it would be the same here but that wasn't the case at all, maybe I came on an off day or something because the Frozen Hot Chocolate here tasted like a shake that I could get from a fast food joint.
2	Two stars on yelp equals "Meh. I've experienced better."Could not describe my experience any more perfectly. But don't take my review too wholeheartedly, after all I only tried their famous 'Frozen hot chocolate.'Basically it was $14 bucks for a large size, which was large but definitely not worth the money. It just tasted like a frozen mocha that would taste exactly the same if not better if I had just gotten it from The Coffee Bean. Don't waste your money on this thing is all I can say!
3	This is definitely the mainstream version of its older sister in New York. The one in New York is super quaint, and you go for the ambiance as well as everything else.I almost fainted when I was walking the strip and saw that they had opened a Serendipity 3 here.  It was still the same food and same menu, but the "je ne sais quoi" that the original has wasn't there. The food is still very good though, and the frozen hot chocolate is always a winner. For those that say you can get a better blended from Starbucks or Coffee Bean, you may be right, you may be wrong...but if you want something unique to Serendipity 3, I would get the peanut butter frozen hot chocolate next time. The caprese sandwich was super good, and I'm a fan of their fries.  Their footlong hotdogs are sure to fill you up as well.   If this was your first time at  Serendipity 3 and you didn't particularly like it, give the one in NY a shot. :)
2	If you are going here for the food, it deserves two stars for the price and quality of the items. You are selling yourself short on this sandwich and fries joint, when you could be going to so many more wonderful restaurants you find on Yelp located on the strip for the same price. It's an expensive TGIF, puked on by someone who designs Disney rides. If you want a place for an expensive ice cream Sunday, I would give it 3 stars. However, if you wanted to be a little more sophisticated, there are many restaurant bars that would allow you to just order their deserts.
4	Frozen hot chocolate is literally bliss in a glass. It's the best chocolate anything I've ever had. The restaurant itself is lacking. At 9pm on a Friday, it felt like it was partially dead. The giant looming space didn't help.
3	I remember seeing Serendipity 3 the last time I was in Vegas, and thinking how cute the place was. I remember being curious, but we never went. Fast forward 2 weeks later, I'm back in Vegas, and my friends choose this spot for lunch. The restaurant is cute, no doubt. Fun decor. I'm giving this place 3 stars because we had an okay experience. The restaurant wasn't that packed while we were having lunch, but everything took forever. It took forever to order, to get our drinks, to get our food, and to pay. Also, our server never brought us silverware, so it wasn't until we all had our food sitting in front of us for a couple of minutes that we finally got some forks and what not.I ordered the Oriental Chicken Salad - not a bad salad, but not great. For $15, it definitely wasn't the best salad I've had. I also ordered a Mimosa during lunch, which I liked. I liked that they not only brought the champagne glass, but also brought the remaining amount of champagne in the champagne bottle. fancy&cute!overall, the experience here was okay... slow service, pricey food. it looks like from other reviews that the desserts are good. maybe ill come back to try it, or maybe ill come back if friends want to. other than that, it wasn't anything too crazy memorable.
4	Second visit to Serendipity this past weekend for lunch this time.  Food was great.  I thought there'd be a wait for a Sunday afternoon but there wasn't.  We had a lovely table on the patio overlooking the strip.  It was enjoyable.  I ordered the Chicken & Waffles.  The chicken was mediocre.  Maybe I just prefer greasy KFC much better.  However, the waffles were good.  Big, thick, crunchy on the outside pieces.  My husband had the Chicken Strips.  Nothing spectacular.  Tasted the same as something you could get at a place like TGIFs but the dipping sauces were good.  I was a little disappointed that the lunch menu isn't as good as the dinner menu.  I'd much rather go here for dinner.  Especially since I love the chicken pot pie and chicken alfredo so much.  Again, too full to even think about trying dessert.  Even though I wasn't blown away by the food, I still love Serendipity.
3	My husband and I shared a chocolate peanut butter frozen hot chocolate.  We ordered from the take-out window and enjoyed our treat while sitting outside and people watching at Ceasers. It was tasty but a little pricey for what it was, a somewhat less creamy chocolate peanut butter milkshake.
5	This is the only place I will ever do brunch, BRO STYLE!Ok, I lied, there's other places, but let me tell you why this is a unique experience for the bros.Walking around the strip you wouldn't really want to try to convince your posse that they should go eat at Serendipity.  However, once you try it, it becomes part of the Vegas trip.  I have never had french toast so large, eggs benedict so savory, or chicken and waffles so good until I came here.  The prices for their brunch entrees are more than fair.  Even for a big guy like myself, it is difficult to finish one by myself before I experience overendulgance.I promise, guys, I am totally not overselling this place.Brunch and be merry.
4	Ordered the triple decker grilled cheese and a peanut butter frozen hot chocolate.  Food arrived.  One bite and I think I blacked out.  Regained vision.  Took another bite.  Held food in my mouth for a minute because I couldn't believe a grilled cheese could taste so good.  Chewed.  Smiled.  Polished off entire sandwich in record time.  The tomato soup that came with it rocked as well, but it was a little too salty.  Had to unbutton my jeans when the hot chocolate arrived.  It came with 2 straws, but I wasn't about to share with the vultures at my table.  Drank the entire thing while everyone looked at me with hope in their eyes.  Denied, bitches.  My meal cost me like 20 bucks, but it was worth it.  I'd eat here again next time I'm in Vegas.
2	I really REALLY wanted to love this place, I did. I wanted to love it like John Cusack and Kate Beckinsale did... but I couldn't.Perhaps it was because my expectations were way over hyped by the movie and the idea of love in the form on a frozen chocolate drink, but when the BF and I sat down and shared their signature Frozen Hot Chocolate... I was disappointed.There were no fireworks or cute little cashmere glove incidences. Instead we got what tasted like a blended fudgsicle with whipped cream and sparse chocolate shavings in a plastic cup. Unfortunately... I'd take a Starbucks frap over this drink anyday.
3	frozen hot chocolate=amazingness in a glass.  it's so sweet and delicious and rich that my friend and i could barely make a dent in it.  i definitely couldn't finish it by myself...maybe if there were 4 of us we could have murdered it they way it deserved.the potato skins and chicken tenders were cooked perfectly, and the sauces were really good.  the chicken tenders were especially light and crispy and possibly some of the best i ever had.minus a star for the slow service.  we were here on a sunday afternoon, and it definitely was not packed. we were seated outside, and maybe they were understaffed or something, but i just remember sitting and waiting...a lot.  minus a star for the price, too- i realize this is vegas, and i realize this is novel..but it was damn near $40 for frozen hot chocolate (which i think is $9-kinda ridiculous if you think about it.  really, it's a chocolate milk shake, and no matter how delicious it is, it shouldn't be $9), potato skins, and chicken tenders.  yes, the portions were huge.  yes, it's vegas and everything's expensive, i get it.  but still.  there's nothing really inherently special about the menu, and everything is super duper pricey- i remember seeing salads and burgers for $12-$15.  slices of pie for around $7 or so.  the food is tasty, i'll give you that, and possibly hip and trendy...but as far as i'm concerned, not worth the $$ they ask you for.  i was lucky and fortunate enough that my girlfriend bought me lunch as a birthday gesture.  i'd eat here again, if other people wanted to go, and it was tasty enough that i'd recommend it to people..with the stipulation that it was very pricey for what you get. the atmosphere is cute.
4	Great comfort food...fun environment (loud).  Great frozen hot chocolate!  Good fried foods--don't expect to eat healthy here!  Expect a wait too.  Loud but fun.
2	Alright, so talk about extremely good luck and perfect timing: The week before I came to the Las Vegas Serendipity's, I was actually in New York where I had Serendipity's Famous Frozen Hot Chocolate for the very first time (see my review). Even though the wait was excruciatingly long, the NYC frozen hot chocolate more than made up for it.Fast forward a week later and here I was in Vegas for my sister's 21st birthday. I was excited to learn that Serendipity's had a location out here especially since it's much closer to me than New York.  Located along the strip, in a stand alone building, right outside of Cesars, our wait was only 20 minutes.  We were seated in the outside patio area which would've been nicer if the tall shrubs didn't block our view of the strip.  I suppose the 'barrier of shrubs' were put in place because of the loud noise along the strip and the very close proximity of people walking up and down the strip. The menu is a bit expensive for regular fare food: $10 appetizers, $15 hot dogs/burgers, etc. However,  the size of their food items are pretty gigantic so my sister and I split a burger with waffle fries which ended up being fine....except of course for their sharing charge! We had the ABC burger which included Avocado, Brie, & Caramalized onions. It was pretty good and pretty filling.  The waffle fries were well cooked, although they went a little overboard with the seasoning.Onto the frozen hot chocolate: UGH. After taking my first sip, I replayed a possible scene in my head: throwing a tantrum like a 2 year old in front of everyone present and whining, "This is NOT the same as the one I had in NYC!  This is blended beyond belief into a liquid mess without the frothy icy texture! It's also waaaaaaay too sweet.  I want another one (arms folded, sour face with a big pout)!"  But of course, one can only dream.I'd actually come back to try some of their other foods (salads, sandwiches, and pizzas), but I'd pass on the frozen hot chocolate. They also have a sundae called the "Golden Opulence." No other description except for its price: $1,000. Out of sheer curiosity,  if I had the cash, I'd actually spend it just to see what this sundae has to cost so much. Anyway,  I suppose going to the original Serendipity's in NYC just gave me too much of an expectation for Sin City's Serendipity's.
4	Ordered from the take-out side because the wait for seating was 30 minutes, and we wanted to watch the game at the outdoor sportsbar in the courtyard. The menu is limited for ordering out, but we decided to share a vanilla/chocolate sundae with chocolate cake. It was awesome. It came in a blue plastic cone-shaped container placed in another clear plastic cup for it to stand on/for you to carry. Long plastic spoons for sharing. The service was realllly sweet, too. No pun intended. The woman who took our order and the guy who gave us the sundae made conversation and were all smiles.
4	I really wanted to try the original Serendipity 3 in New York, but didn't get a chance to and that will be a story for another post. Serendipity 3 (LV) has all the glitz and glamor you would expect from a Vegas restaurant/establishment on the strip. It's busy enough during the evenings, but nothing to be concerned with you will get seated quickly.Ordered the Peanut Butter Frrrozen Hot Chocolate and their Chicken Not So Little (chicken tenders). Really enjoyed the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. The CNSL were nice too, but I get the feeling it's pre-fried, pre-packed, pre-frozen, and then re-heated upon order. Of course there was no advertisement saying that they make it from scratch, but that goes for several other restaurants, that sell chicken tenders for less.At any rate, the key item that brought me to this place was the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate and it is good. Worth stopping by to purchase and eat/drink, especially on a hot summer day. The other item that brings me to this place is the Golden Opulence Sundae. Don't get me wrong, I did not buy it. It just draws my attention. Makes me wonder what would get me to dish out $1,000 for it.
2	When I went there I was about 5 months pregnant and hungry!! Eat outside if you can. For some reason the inside dining room smells like feet! (gross!) I ordered the grilled cheese with tomato soup and the frozen hot chocolate. It was good! The frozen hot chocolate was YUM!! I would go back just for that!!Our waitress....this was another story. She was rude and obnoxious!! She kept working her tip down. By the end of our dinner, she barely got 8% from us! Oh well! She got what she deserved!
4	Two words: Eggs Benedict.  They do a little bit of a twist from the traditional dish and whatever they do, they do it well.  I've also had the chorizo quiche and it was very good as well.  My husband tried the banana creme pancakes and it was huge-- he loved it.  We had the frozen hot chocolate and it was delicious!The wait for this restaurant can be long; there's also a take-out window as well with half the menu.  Sit at the bar if it's open and the service is much faster and the wait can be shorter at times.
3	I really had never even considered eating here, but the group I was eating with chose it because they were able to accommodate a table of 30. That actually was impressive since it was Friday night of a fight weekend. I ordered the hangover omelet. It is made with bacon, fries and mushrooms. I substituted ham for the mushrooms. I hate mushrooms. The food was rather bland. I quickly asked for hot sauce. Even Cholula could not save it. It was not bad. It just liked any significant flavor. The portion was significant and it comes with your choice of fries. I chose the waffle fries. They were OK. Our service was as good as can be expected for a group of this size. They were all friendly, and did their best to keep up.  This is the reason they are getting three stars instead of two.They would not divide up the bill at all. Only one bill per table. That was a giant pain. It took forever to work through a bill for over 30 people. I hate all the excuses restaurants use to justify not dividing bills. You are in a service industry. Figure it out.
1	Super disappointed. Frozen hot chocolate is overrated and over priced!!! It tasted just like frozen swiss mix hot chocolate mix. Nothing special, and definitely not worth $10!  Service was also very slow. I give it one star just for the cute atmosphere.
5	We were planning to eat at The Buffet in Bellagio but the line was too long, lucky for us or we would have not had the chance to find Serendipity 3. The wait for inside tables was about 40 minutes which was a little too long for me and the outside tables had no wait, it was really windy but we were really hungry so we said f*** it ;) (To describe how windy it was: One of the girls next to us got slapped in the face by her menu flying off the table and it knocked over a soda onto another one of the girls! I would have cried!) Anyways, on to the food..I ordered the Fried Eggs Benedict which was amazing!! I'm not sure how they bread the egg and fry it but however they figured that out, it works! The plates are huge, be warned! I could only finish one out of my two benedicts but it was one of the best eggs benedict I've had. My boyfriend got the fried chicken and waffles, which he has been wanting to try forever and he was in heaven. He kept going on and on, and is still going on about how good they were! Which I won't disagree with because the chicken was perfectly crispy along with the potatoes and the waffles were melt-in-your-mouth fluffy. Overall, I'm happy we skipped the buffet and found Serendipity. Next time I am going to have to try one of those deep fried Oreo milkshakes!
4	Frozzen Hot Chocolate...sayyy whatttttttt???1 word: yum.wait time: forever. okay just kidding around 30mins. (even though i spied empty tables...)if you dont want to sit there and dine then i suggest you go to the take out window located around the back. food: had the dont be afraid of my alfredo (something along those lines)tasted pretty good. actually really liked it.creative names for their dishes.dessert: massive much? ice cream was enough to feed four mouths.place: sorta fancy-ish. looks nice outside. super girly. service: average? not bad.tip: ask for any current specials.we found out that they had a promo where you could get this special ice cream dessert for $10 during the month of april. (found this out after we got the bill...)a nice change from the usual fifty dollar buffets @ Bellagio.worth a try.
1	Such waste of time in Las Vegas. I heard about the restaurant in New York which I did not get a chance to go to when I lived there (well...it means something of itself). We decided to give it a try when we visited LV. That was our worst bet during the visit!After we desperately asked around to wait on our table for 40 minutes, nobody, I mean NOBODY, came to our table to take our orders. We gave up and left. Frozen Hot Chocolate or whatever is not worth your 40 minutes while you are on the strip.There are so many restaurants which serve good deserts and foods on the strip with much better attitude. Do not waste your time for a restaurant with stupidity.
4	where do i start...1.  The WAIT 2.  Frozen Hot Chocolate 3.  Service4.  MENU The Wait:  Our group walked from the T.I. ... so we were a little b!tchy about the wait LOL (45 min wait to seat 4)FrozenHotChocolate:  weeks before the trip my mouth was already watering from just the thought of this, then i finally got it ... i was a bit disappointed, there was nothing special about it!  i can totally make it at homeService:  My friend ordered a beer just a couple minutes after we ordered our dessert ... dessert finished, water sipped, cigarrettes smoked ... STILL NO BEER! Menu:  I want to try their Sundae with the deep fried oreos and their chili cheese curly fries :P teeheeI gave it a 4 because it's Serendipity! LOL ... i will go back everytime i'm in Vegas (i'm just not getting the frozen hot chocolate again LOL)
3	5 minute wait.  Wow, not totally what I expected.  It almost tasted like chocolate milk.  It seemed to be hot chocolate blended with some ice and a layer of whip cream on top.  I ordered it with some berries which made it a little better.  Eating outside would be best on a cool day.  Sitting elevated right along the strip.
4	The one place I love to go to when I am in Las Vegas. I love the Frozen Hot Chocolate aka FroHo! I haven't tried anything else. You would think a place like this in the heart of the strip their service would be better. I went to the walk up window, on a Sunday, the strip was still very busy, there was only one person working, he was talking the orders and making the orders..wtf?? so i waited awhile for my drink, major downside!! It should only be 3 stars but i really like the FroHo.. =)
1	The service in this place is like freakin molasses, for real. We were given a buzzer when we asked for a table for two, which was fine, it was a saturday night and we figured it was pretty packed. Waited around for about 10 minutes then got buzzed and seated. The place was totally NOT packed. There were probably 5 open tables and no one being seated. A few of the tables still had a bunch of trash on and i didn't see anyone going to clean it. Once we were seated we took a look at the menu. We decided to just stick with water for our drinks since we were getting a sundae. We opted for the Jackpot Sundae at 14 bucks because it was a combo of chocolate (which my boyfriend likes) and strawberry (which I like). Waited waited waited. It literally took them 15 to 20 minutes to come to us and they never even took our drink orders yet. We were seriously on the verge of leaving. There was a table of 3 next to us that came in 10 minutes after we did and we could tell they were waiting too. We decided that if they took their orders first, we were just going to up and leave.Tthey didn't, so they got us to stay for a while longer, but they did take their order RIGHT AFTER ours. We were never asked if we needed anything or how we were doing, the waitress never even refilled our waters. We waited about 20 more minutes for the sundae. It was freakin' ridiculous! I have a feeling they must be like this all the time. We noticed 4 cups of french fries in the kitchen that was just sitting there for 10 minutes, I hope they don't just give that to people when it gets ordered. The sundae finally came. Half melted. Of course, they brought out everyone else's order at the same time. Are they really that lazy? They just had to wait to finish everyone's order from different tables to bring it out at the same time instead of making a few trips? The sundae's were seriously dripping because they must've been sitting and melting for a while. The only thing they managed to bring in a very speedy manner was the check, of course. She pretty much gave that to us right after she handed over the sundae. So annoying. I should've ordered a soda or something just so she'd have to take it back and change it. The sundae was good, but it definitely doesn't make up for the horrendous service. It sucks that they have such an awesome location and awesome theme, but the service just ruins it all. They should really be more selective with their staff, I honestly don't know what they were thinking. I am NOT coming back.
4	They lost a star for telling us it would be a 25 minute wait for outside when we saw quite a few empty tables since we had to choose inside to be seated right away.  Well anyways I just had a Frozen Hot Chocolate and it was delicious.  I thought the regular size would be fine for me but it was so much for just me.  I suggest to share the regular size.  What is also funny is that they have a sundae on the menu for $1000.00.. i wonder if anyone actually orders it.  Anyways it's good.  No wait since we went around 11pm on Friday night.  They do have a side quick order if you don't want to be seated.  That makes it convenient.  I would probably go back here in the future.
2	Went back to Serendipity 3 and tried the Peanut Butter Frrrozen Hot Chocolate this time.  While it was good and tasted like a Reese's peanut butter cup, I still liked the regular double chocolate one much better.I was thinking that after a year, maybe things got better here with service.  Time wise, it actually got worse!  My friends and I were there, got our orders in about 10 mins, finished our food in 20 mins, but didn't actually leave the place till another hour later because our waitress disappeared on us.  Time is short when you're visiting Vegas, and we might have spent one hour too much over there.  Sorry Serendipity 3, I have to downgrade you to 2 stars.  Step it up next time to get 5 stars!!!
1	Warning: I normally don't like writing reviews if I didn't stay at a place long enough, but I can't help myself with this one. We walked in at 9:30 on a Sunday night. We just wanted dessert. The place was half empty, but there was still a line. We were told that it would be a 30-40 minute wait, and when I did a double-take at all the empty tables behind me, the hostess said, "Those tables are being held for reservations." My husband looked at me, I shook my head, he politely declined, and we walked out. Geez, what the hell?We noticed the takeout window, but we passed.
2	Im changing my review on this place after returning a year later.... if you want frozen hot chocolate or any dessert your set. I dont suggest the over priced food... its not very good. The drinks are good as well. Only dessert complaint... its so big that it becomes melty before you get even close to being done... bigger is not always better.
3	I really wanted to see what this whole "serendipity" hype was about,.. of course I ordered their famous "frozen hot chocolate",..It was pretty original and just tasted like a $8-$10? cold hot chocolate HAHA,.. The restaurant is cute and I love the color scheme,. but I don't think I would be back or suggest coming back here,. unless someone wanted to try it and come for the experience.  Not much customer service either,. they take your order, bring your food back,. and you have to flag them multiple times for water refills and a box for your leftovers.  It could be a possibility the service was poor because we were seated outdoors?
3	Not huge on the super sugary stuff, but their frozen hot chocolate was awesome! I ordered the chili hot dog and it was pretty big..shared with 3 other pple...let's say it was a threesome meal lol. but yea...the place was cute...but i'd have to go there again for a better review.
4	Best hangover food in vegas? Quite possibly...This place is definitely worth checking out, if not for their frozen hot chocolate, then for the fact that it was in the movie Serendipity. Definitely order the Quiche. It was amazing. The salad that came with my meal was too good for words. The entire dish was a great pick considering what I had the night before. We went here our last trip in April, and they were having some anniversary special, so that when you purchase their nachos, any refill of it would only be a dollar! So obviously we stocked up on those...though I'm not too sure how much we should've ate since most of us couldn't finish our main dish.Great place, great service. The decor is very pink...great time overall. If you're there try the Frozen Hot Chocolate at least once.
3	The $1000 sundae was fantastic...to dream about. It's probably the most average place to eat on the strip. Nothing spectacular, but nothing was bad. Overpriced for what it is, but it's Vegas. Do not get the pizza! The chili cheese dog was actually very good. Sweet potato fries are pretty hard to find in Vegas and were surprisingly good as well.
4	Although hailing from NYC and this place is infamous for being a tourist trap there, I still wanted to come here and taste the frozen hot chocolate!We came for lunch and ended up having one of their sandwiches. Although tasty, not outstanding (why didn't they heat the bread?). I still liked it a lot and was one of the healthier choices on the menu (prosciutto, tomato, mozzarella sandwich!). Priced at $16, I thought it was a good deal! Their sandwiches are huge and also come with a side of either sweet potato fries or criss cross fries.Their frozen hot chocolate is amazing, but I have to admit, it's pretty pricey if you think about it. It's really a glorified, super yummy, frappucino on steroids, with tons of chocolatey goodness. But at $10 for one cup, or $14, be prepared to shell out the dough!I wouldn't hesitate to come back though :)
3	kinda overpriced, my guess is that they want to trap tourists since its on LVB right in front of Caesars and they only have this place in NYC, went there for lunch because we were staying across the street. We had:Sweet Potoatoe FriesFrrrozen Hot chocolateShrimp FettuciniChicken NachosIt was good, but I just dont think it was a $50 price tag good for 4 items in a place set up to look like an ice cream parlor
3	We went to the original in NYC and were excited to find out that one had opened in Las Vegas.  My sister absolutely loved her Peanut Butter Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, while I thought my sundae was just okay and that Fenton's in the Bay Area serves better sundaes.  However, because I love my sweets, especially ice cream, I was excited nonetheless about the opening of Serendipity 3 in Vegas.The first time we went here we opted to dine in the restaurant.  We waited about 15-20 minutes for a table inside since the wait for a table outside was over an hour long.  (We went around 3 in the afternoon.)  However, once seated we saw many open tables outside.  Would have been nice to sit with a view of the Strip.  Anyhow, we both got what we ordered last time at the NYC location: my sister got her PB Frrrozen Hot Chocolate while I got a sundae.  We both were pretty satisfied.The second time we went we decided to try the walk-up window since we both were just going to get drinks.  She got her usual and I got a frozen strawberry drink.  I can't remember the name of it, but I do remember thinking at $10 it was overpriced.  My sister was disappointed because they mistakenly gave her just a regular Frrrozen Hot Chocolate when I'm pretty sure I told them we wanted the peanut butter one.  She said it was not as good as the peanut butter and barely drank it, and so as not to waste my $10 (that's a lot of money for a frozen drink!), I helped her drink some of it and thought it was just okay.I saw a group of couples eating ice cream cones from Serendipity that looked soooo good.  Even though they made a mistake with our order and the drinks we ordered were only so-so, I still plan on coming back here and maybe next time trying some of their ice cream on waffle cones.  I just love desserts too much to pass this place up!
3	Pro's - great place for a group of girls-the atmosphere gives off that sex and the city appeal. Love the nachos, the blueberry mojito was deeeelicious! And the high heel pump was good, but messy... I didn't think the food was easy to eat because it was way too high. We loved the frozen hot chocolate.....yummm!! Cons-wait is too long, food seems to all be supersized, although the presentation was great, I didn't think they were easy to eat...it was a lot work just trying to eat the food.
4	My boyfriend's cousin works here and she told us to come through if we were ever in Vegas. We visited her  one afternoon. She told us to sit outside and wait for her. She brought us frozen hot chocolate which totally quenched our thirsts underneath the hot Vegas sun along with two jumbo chocolate covered strawberries. Yum. What a treat. I can imagine how the ice cream sundaes tastes here. Definitely coming back to try some of their menu items.
4	We stopped by here as we were walking by as a treat since I've heard that they are known for their frozen hot chocolate.Wow, what a yummy experience.  While everything was pricey, the portion size was more than enough.  We tried both the frozen hot chocolate as well as the black and white sundae.  Both were totally different experiences.The frozen hot chocolate was similar to a frappucino, only bigger and it didn't seem as sweet.  The black and white sundae was so good, with chocolate and white fudge sauce.I would look forward to going back, but I would count this as a meal (which is what we did - it was our "kid" dinner).
3	Date/Time:   Monday - 4:30pmOccasion:    DessertParty of:   TwoOrdered:   Frozen hot chocolate for twoLocation:   Cafeteria dessert bar - fun and youthfulTotal incl gratuity:   $17I finally tasted it...what everyone's talking about - the famous frozen hot chocolate.  I think it's a bit hyped up...I was expecting a little more.  It was an extra large chocolate slush.  It was good but not to die for.  The price on that thing is pretty hefty too - $13.00 for a drink.  Yoikes!  Nonetheless, now I can say I've tried a famous frozen hot chocolate at Serendipity!
3	I first heard of this restaurant from the Food Network, so my husband and i had to try it out. The Hot chocolate Sundae was scrumptious and rich in flavor, we also ordered the BBQ chicken pizza I was not to crazy about it but my husband enjoyed it.The chili cheese fries "Huge" and tasty and a friend had a "grass skirt" drink and our bill came out to $60.00 "not cheap."If your in Vegas or New York you need to try it at least once for the experience. If your in Vegas you need to try it at least once.
1	I'm not too satisfied with Serendipity. I ordered their coffee (very expensive, but reasonable for Vegas) and their strawberry cheesecake dessert (insanely expensive and super fatty/not worth it). The reason I give it 2 stars is b/c of their poor service. It's a horrible place. It took us 10 minutes to get seated for 2 people, 10 minutes to even order, and they GAVE US THE CHECK 5 minutes into the dessert. What the heck is that service? It's common courtesy to give the check when requested, unless it's a fast food place I can understand. Overall, I'm not going back. Nor should you.
4	I didn't have any food here.  Just my very first signature frozen hot chocolate all to myself! Yes, there is a choice to share with another, but I guarantee you if you love chocolate in any way shape or form, get one to devour all to yourself.  Yes, it's like $10 but it's a treat and it was good so it was worth it to me.  And if you're not keen on paying that much, then buy the $6 packet mix that could probably make two at home.  I love the decor (if Willy Wonka were in Paris) Vibrant colors, whimsical chairs and mini Tiffany Lamps!  Our server was super nice, she even put our leftover cocktails in to-go cups for us! (Only in Vegas!) But I think servers only work their assigned tables.  So you might have to wait until they come around or ask a different server to get them for you. Overall, I would definitely return for the frozen hot chocolate and their 'hey pretty-good' specialty cocktails.
1	One word describes my experience here at serendipity.... Overrated!All these things I've heard from people about their desserts are all wrong. I mean don't get me wrong, they are good. But it's just average good. You can get the same taste at cheesecake factory. Heck, even dairy queen and baskin Robbins can compare to this place. Next time I get a sweet tooth I'll make my way to anywhere but serendipity because I can't justify paying over 10-15 bucks for a sundae. We ordered the so called famous frozen hot chocolate, chilli cheese fries, nachos, spudnicks, and a number of other sundaes. Nothing really stood out for me. The frozen hot chocolate tasted like a hot chocolate flavored frozen yogurt that you can get at numerous froyo places. The nachos had about 30 peices of chips with a spoonful of cheese and beans. I literally wasted half of the nachos because they just didn't have any cheese on them. The spudniks were ok. They can compare to Jack in the box cheddar potato wedges. And the other sundaes aren't worth describing. Everything here was just decent. It wasn't worth the 1 hour wait at all.  We had 9 people in our party and we spent close to 180.00 on average tasting desserts and over-priced "bowling food". But I guess in the end it's one of those places you have to try at least once in your life.
4	Well, the time has come for me to write my very first review on Yelp. More specifically, that time has come because people are sick of hearing me talk about places and what I thought of them in real life. So: off to the internet!There's no better place to cut my reviewing teeth on than Serendipity3. There's good! There's bad! There's drama and intrigu-- truthfully, there's not much intrigue.The thing that gets me the most about Serendipity3 is that there is just so much *potential*, but, man, potential's hard to live up to, right? The food is more than serviceable, but just shy of great. We went this past weekend and were informed that they'd started a seasonal menu, which means the things that transcend, individually, to great, might not be available. In my opinion, one of those dishes is the ~*Mac & Cheese Pizza*~ (the punctuation shows you how highly I regard it). This is apparently now a "winter" food, so look out if you'd like it in, oh, say, May. That said, this most recent trip, our waitress, a woman named Phoenix, went the extra mile in making sure I got what I came for (ifyouknowwhatimean). My dining companion (so fancy when you say it that way! It's really just my boyfriend Al, but if I can't be fancy on the internet, I can't be fancy anywhere) ordered one of the seasonal items, a sandwich called A Summer Bries, with turkey, brie, apples, cranberry mayo on raisin pumpernickel bread. Because Al has resigned himself to a lot of things in our relationship, I eventually ended up with some of that sandwich. And here's the thing: it was a good sandwich, but for a restaurant where we dropped $80 on a meal at 4 p.m., it wasn't what it could've been. The accompanying waffle fries (because sweet potato fries are for people who hate freedom) were like if Arby's curly fries and Chick-Fil-A's waffle fries had a baby, but also in that baby was some gourmet blood, like from a grandparent, so that they didn't immediately remind you of a drive thru and oil-soaked cardboard. Let's be clear: that means they were DELICIOUS.We got the requisite frozen hot chocolate, which has either a.) shrunk or b.) we ordered, on accident, an individual one. I was still trying to get Phoenix at the time it came out, so I didn't want to ask. It was good, it always is. But is it as good as the amount of money it cost? I think that probably depends on several factors, like the temperature outside, the time of year, and whether I'd won $20 on penny slots in Caesars. Your factors probably vary, especially if you're, like, allergic to chocolate or you'd rather spend the money on booze. Doing the frozen hot chocolate and alcohol and pop easily bumps your bill up to the next price point.This past trip was also our first time sitting on the patio, mostly because it's always so busy and we never wanted to wait. The patio is nice, and, for someone who gets sudden and random fits of why-are-all-these-people-so-damn-close-to-me?!, like myself, it gives you a little bit more space around you. The inside can sometimes feel like you're right on top of the table next to you, which: imagine how awful that could be for a Cavs fan seated next to a bunch of people in Garnett jerseys.Phoenix was, far and away, our best waitress (or waiter!) ever. The service there can get a little slow, especially in really, really busy times (but since they're always really, really busy, this is pretty much a constant) and on last year's birthday trip, we waited 45 minutes for food without any sort of acknowledgment from management OR our waiter. I was in a pretty easygoing mood that trip, but I can imagine that happening on a different day and the rage blackout that may have followed.The last thing I think worth mentioning is: KIDS. This is the perfect restaurant for parents looking to throw down just a little coin for something vaguely fancy, but not at the risk of getting glares from a hundred stuffy, be-blazered diners. Where you fall on that is obviously your call. On our most recent trip, I watched a boy squirm so much his chair fell over and then he cried for the next five minutes, but I also watched a baby happily blow spit bubbles in a way that made me want to sing songs about rainbows while skipping through a meadow. My heart was that light.
4	SO CUTE.  I'm a great fan of the movie and so are some of my girlfriends so when we saw this place in Vegas we figured well close enough for now and dragged the boys in with us.  We came here for lunch and I seriously melted from how cute the entire place was.  I ordered the seared ahi tuna salad and the boy ordered the chicken sandwich with the criss-cut fries.  I have to admit I liked his so much more. But then again anything fried is usually better than greens.For desert we HAD to get the frozen hot chocolate which was absolutely delicious.  While I can see how people say that the drink is a bit over-rated its still pretty delicious. This place is more about the ambiance and the feel.  It's basically chocolate milk with crushed ice, whipped cream, and shaved chocolate on top. You can't come here without getting this!
5	First of all, you cannot go wrong with consuming frozen hot chocolate in the middle of the desert. I enjoyed the desert so much that I came back the next day and had it again, AND I even bought the small frozen hot chocolate mix. We'll see if I can make it as good at home. The food is amazing as well, and the portions are big enough to share with 2-3 people. The first day, I ordered the nachos, and seriously, these are the best nachos ever made in the history of man. The chips are huge and perfect for loading all the nacho confections, and they come piping hot out of the oven. On the second day, I ordered the Hangover Omelette, which is an omelette filled with French fries, portobello mushrooms, mozzarella cheese, and smoked bacon. I'm not a huge fan of eggs, but all these wonderful things wrapped in an omelette was the best hangover cure. I cannot wait to return and try more items off the menu. Oh, and did I mention the decor is fabulous?
2	Was in Vegas for Memorial Weekend with friends and we decided to check out Serendipity before a friend of ours had to take off. My friend and I split a Frozen Hot Chocolate (the menu indicated this as one of their signature items), and I had a few bites of their Chili Cheese Hot Dog. Each was priced at around $10.As much of a fan I am of the movie, I am not so much of the place. The Frozen Hot Chocolate was rather disappointing - it was basically a chocolate flavored slushee. The Chili Cheese Hot Dog, on the other hand, was so huge that it came in a box of it's own and was quite good. I don't know if it's worth $10, but then again it's Vegas...
3	My sister who resides in NY has raved about this establishment for nearly 10 years...so when they opened one in Vegas...I had to go! The double frozzen hot chocolate was...DIVINE but my husband's Peanut Butter double frozzzen hot chocolate will put you in a coma! Everything else is mediocre so I recommend hitting a different spot to eat and head here solely for dessert. You must go...one stipulation: it stinks inside so sit out in the balcony...if the weather permits. Don't kid yourself...and leave only after you purchase one of those little frozzzen hot chocolate mix...it comes fairly close to the real thing.
2	I don't see what's so special about this place.  Maybe the one in NY is quaint, cute and full of romance comedy nostalgia.  The one here in Vegas is totally different, though.  It looks nothing like the original.  It's all very fancy and modern now.  We stopped by at 4pm on a weekday and there were no free tables cause somebody booked a party here.   We ended up sitting at the bar.  I ordered the frozen hot chocolate, which is exactly what it sounds like.  It's huuuge and needs to be shared.  It's like an icy chocolate milkshake that has that hot cocoa taste and it's covered with a mound of whipped cream.  A couple of sips and I was done.  Whew.  I don't see how this is different from any other  ice cream shoppe anywhere else.  Pros: if you have to have ice cream on the Strip, this is a good choiceCons: expensive, the ice cream is just ice cream, lots of noisy kids, no charm
4	I got the Vegas Strip Burger on garlic bread with criss-cross fries and it was sooo good. I thought it was going to be a regular sized burger, but I'm positive that it could feed 3 girls. I'm salivating just thinking about it right now. I of course, got the Frozen Hot Chocolate. It was just as good as I remembered it to be when I tried it in New York. Creamy, chocolate goodness. I recommend this to everyone.
5	Frozen Hot Chocolate!!! A.B.C. Burger!!!OMG. Frozen hot chocolate. WOW. The best icy cold chocolate drink/smoothie/dessert I've ever had! It really is all that it's talked up to be and not over-rated for being the infamous item on the menu. The blend of chocolate, sweetness, and smoothness completely hits the spot on a hot 105 degree Vegas day!A.B.C. Burger is to die for! Avocado, Brie, Carmelized onions topped off on your burger - DELISH! The fresh chunks of avocado, melted brie, and sweet caramelized onions with the ground steak burger, all melt wonderfully together. After you have one, it'll be one of those burgers you'll be craving from time to time.Also got the nachos, which were good and a BIG portion. All the toppings worked together but were almost a bit overwhelming. All the beans and cheese weighed down the nacho chip, so it almost couldn't hold up if I added any salsa, guac, or sour cream. Bummer. Overall, yummy food and cute cute place to go with your girlfriends... or drag your bf to ;)
1	Save your $$$$!!!We came here this past Sunday night for their famous Frozen Hot Chocolate.  If you don't know what it is, it's just a Chocolate Milkshake....without the ice cream.  We waited in line for 10 minutes just to place our order.  Here's why...there was one girl taking orders....and the SAME girl making the drinks!  Now after placing our order, apparently, workers inside saw the huge line building up outside the "take-out" window, and one extra person decided to help out.  Funny, because through the pick-up window, we could hear him talking $hit about the girl (the one taking orders) with another co-worker!  After all this $hit talking, our drink was ready.  For $15 (for a double), this is EXTREMELY overpriced!!  And I do mean EXTREMELY!!!  I'm not 100% sure, but I'm pretty sure there isn't supposed to be ice chunks in it.  I was basically chewing my drink.  WTF??!?!If you're looking for a frozen drink, I'd suggest going to Starbucks and getting a Frappacino....or better yet, go to Coffee Bean and get one of their blended drinks.  Granted, it will be more expensive than your local SB or CB, but it'll still be cheaper, faster, and more importantly, TASTIER!Avoid this place!  If you really want to try one, I'd suggest stopping by one of their locations in NYC.
4	Frozen hot chocolate is the best!! esp when it is over 100 degrees in vegas and you walk into the restaurant sweating like crazy! =).Me and the girls just split many appetizers. We had the onion rings, ahi tuna salad, and buffalo wingsI wanted to try a sundae, but we were all too full from our meal and we had dinner to go to in a few hours.
3	My personal opinion:I take back my 5 star review (which I kept below)I walked from the Encore to Serendipity for that French Toast log and they told me it isn't on the menu anymore... and they were rude about it. Not Happy**********************************************Even in Vegas this place still shocked me with its wonderful food and great service. I still remember how wonderful that French toast log tasted! The frozen hot chocolate looked so amazing I could smell the wonderful chocolate fragrance all the way from the next table.  I could eat here all day everyday and not even think twice about my expanding waistline ;)
4	I have wanted to try their frozen hot chocolate ever since I saw the movie Serendipity with Kate Beckinsale and John Cusack. Yes, I saw that movie and you should too!My friends and I came here for a late lunch after checking into our hotel. Since it was already 4pm and we had dinner reservations at 7:30pm we decided to order a few appetizers to share. Luckily we did to because the prices were ridiculous! I mean, $15.50 for grilled cheese? C'mon! Anyways.. back to the food. We ordered the tower of onion rings, buffalo wings, ahi tuna salad, and two frozen hot chocolate (for two) to share between the five of us. I loved the ahi tuna salad, the sauce was so good. The onions rings were cooked perfectly and didn't have all that oil and grease that you find at most places. I didn't have any of the buffalo wings because I have braces and didn't want to stain my clear bands (yes, I have braces, who hasn't?). The frozen hot chocolate was nice and cold and refreshing in the 100+ degree weather. I was a little disappointed though. I think all the hype made me expect it to be better but it was just okay for me. I was going to buy a mix of it to take home but after trying I passed. I'll drink it again if I come back here for another meal but I wouldn't buy some to take home.Overall, I liked the food here. It's definitely pricey for what it is, but they do have large portions. If you're willing to spend the money for the experience then definitely try this place. If you're not the type to spend a lot of money on food then by all means skip. But you'll be sorry you missed the experience!
4	Tried the frozen hot chocolate, awesome! We went there on our first night in Vegas and again 2 days later. Will try another entree when I'm there again.
5	the manager David the manfull really takes interest in his customers. beside the delicious dessert, there are lots of delicious people here. ie Kevin. :)  come here for a good time and a good laugh.
1	I was prompted to try Serendipity 3 by a persistent friend that needed to try it before leaving Vegas the next day. I was looking forward to it after getting out of the cab and walking through the Minotaur Maze that is Caesar's Palace. Serendipity 3 lies just outside the doors from Caesar's and into the open space adjacent to Las Vegas Blvd. I have to say, I don't like it and i wonder how it can conduct itself daily. The Sliders ($9) were burnt all the way through and the bun was way crispy. I could have enjoyed my $9 more if I had forgone the Sliders and just thrown it to the wind. The Frrrrozen hot chocolate was filled with crushed ice. HATED IT! How this place stays open and popular is way beyond me!
4	i dont know if it was whether the frozen hot chocolate is really that good or if it was just that much better because it was so hot outside and i was dying of thirst. The bf and i wanted to go in and sit, but the wait was so long that we didn't want to wait and just decided to grab it on the go. its pretty expensive for what it is, $10 for a grande starbucks sized cup of hot chocolate, but i guess i wasn't expecting it to be any cheaper. The chocolate was really rich and i thought it was pretty delish, the bf on the other hand is not too much of a fan of chocolate so he didn't care for it. i would come back here again, if i had the opportunity to sit inside and try some of their other overpriced items, but we're in vegas, what else is cheap except the 2.99 steak and eggs
4	so i went in the afternoon and at night...both times there was a wait so we ended up ordering to go...seating is available outdoors and in but the tables outside r dirty & cheap...the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE however is totally worth the wait!!! it taste just like it sounds!!! def worth the trip there...good portions too...shud be shared!
3	This is the first place we thought about after landing in Vegas. My hubby had high expectations as all he heard about was the famous iced hot chocolate. We waited a good half an hour for our table when there were a ton of empty tables. Our server started out being good but something happened along the way. We ordered the iced hot chocolate, nachos, buffalo wings and strawberry fields sundae. Our nachos came out along with the buffalo wings but we had to wait for the iced hot chocolate. The nachos and wings hit the spot as we were pretty hungry. When the iced hot chocolate came out it didn't look as big as we expected it to be nor did it taste that great. As we finished most of the food we were waiting for our sundae. When it finally came it was another 1/2 an hour. I don't know if the server just forgot or if she just didn't care. After trying to eat most of it we decided to take what we could back to the hotel for a midnight snack. I had to ask for utensils at least 3 ttimes before she brought them to me and then as they were closing she decided she didn't want to be our server anymore. It felt a bit strange.
2	Definitely underwhelming. I expected more after all the hype. I had a very blah soup and salad. Even the chocolate drink in the big glass was underwhelming. Will not be going back here.
4	i am adding a star for the deep-fried oreo sundae. O M G. 5 deep fried oreos imbedded in a huge sundae...enough to feed a family of four - so worth the indulgence!
2	I already expected to wait in a long line but the service was bad.. Took the waiter 15 minutes to take our order. Thai beef salad-Spicy for some of the girls, but was okay Turkey BLT- Nothing special -too messy Chocolate Frozen dessert- VERY Good We should had only ordered dessert, but the girls and I didn't eat lunch and we waited over an hour to get seated. New York's Serendipity was a better experience, but this is a good tourist place and it's right on the LV stripe. I would only come back for the Chocolate Frozen dessert and sundaes. PS-Make sure if you want water, ask them to put a lemon in it.
3	why have i not yelped on serendipity yet?! the very first serendipity i went to was the one in NY, and we all know that it is delicious!! so in vegas we wanted to try the new one that came out. When we got there, we called to ask for reservations for that day bc if its anything like the one in NYC, then theres gonna be a long line. Luckily we went there early in the day when they opened so they werent that busy and were able to squeeze us into a table. The place is pretty small. They have outdoor seating available as well. We had their food there. Wasnt the greatest thing in the world. It was actually just mediocre. Nothing too fancy or special, plain american food. But we all know what everyone goes there for is their frrrrrrrozen hot chocolate and boy is it yummy!!! it is definitely the highlight and the standard of serendipity. just like in NYC (without the movie feel haha)! so it is a definite must! it is huuuge so share one with a friend. actually with a couple bc its that big!The place itself is very cute, from the boobie hostess desk to the cute souveniers and shirts they sell. way overpriced of coursem but hey what can you expect?! its only in vegas!!! haha
4	The place was packed!! The NBA finals were on, and the place was wall to wall people. We did not have a reservation, but we were able to seated right away for a party of six. The place was very hopping and we waited anxiously to order dinner. All of the food looked great coming out of the kitchen and we were starving. After our drink order, we were ready to order the main course. My Wifey and I ordered the ABC burger (Brie, Avocado, and Caramelized onions) with Sweet Potatoes Fries. My son ordered the Big Mac N Cheese with Bacon. There was Loaded Potato Skins and Chicken pizza ordered. All of the food was delicious and they were very large portions. I actually did not have room for Dessert. I will be back and get a Frozen Hot Chocolate to go. Good thing they have a walk-up window.
4	This is such a fun place. They were super nice when we popped in about 45 minutes before closing, and got us seated quickly. Our waitress, I think her name was Kristin, was really fun and was great to us even though she was rushing around as the only waitress left. She gave me lots of crap for ordering the extremely girly Strawberry Supreme, which was basically an enormous virgin strawberry daiquiri haha. It was alright.I ordered the wings for my late night dinner, and omg they were so filling! The wings are pretty damn big, and super meaty. I guess nothing special or unique, but it was so freaking satisfying after a day of fun in Vegas!
2	This place is way overrated. They hook you with their one signature item (a glorified Mocha Ice Blended from Coffee Bean) and get you for their overpriced basic menu items. The service is sooooooooo slow, especially for a place that really isn't that big. Good place to hang out if you're in the right mood and the right people though I suppose.
1	I would say the 3 stars is representative of how the restaurant's food is but for some reason our service was terrible. There's a to-go window right next door for those who don't want to wait 15-20 min. I came by for lunch on a Saturday at around noon, and placed an order of the beef Thai salad at the to-go window since we were hungry and wanted something to eat while we waited.Once we got inside, for some reason it took forever to flag down a waitress. When we ordered (orange smoothie, ABC burger and pizza with onions and spinach), she came back 5 minutes later asking me to repeat my order, and if I wanted it for here or to go. What the hell is that supposed to mean? If I'm dining inside the restaurant, why would I want it to go??When the food finally arrived, the order was wrong - they gave us pizza with mushrooms and spinach, and the burger came with a side of french fries which I didn't want - the waitress never asked us for our preference on the side. I asked the server to bring back a side of the coleslaw instead of the fries. At first I was going to give this restaurant 2 stars but thinking back on the experience, that one waitress definitely ruined it for me.
3	this place has really good food....only if the service was a little better i would probably come back.... you get seated quick but then it takes 30 mins for the server to come back to take your order and then another 30 mins to wait for the food....we wanted to order dessert but we didn't because we didn't want to wait another 30-40 mins for that to come out.... even the check took forever..i was not that impressed.
3	Serendipity 3 is fine..  While the frozen hot chocolate is tasty, I fail to see how it's different from a frozen shake.  I'd go back if I had a chocolate craving while on the strip, and if the wait wasn't too long.
4	I've been dying to try this place since they opened and there was FINALLY a way I could try the famous frozen hot chocolate without flying to NY. It took some convincing to get our guy friends to come with us, since they kept thinking it was just a dessert place. They quickly shut up after they got their food. Everyone enjoyed what they ordered.. which also included the deep fried oreo sundae. I had the steak sandwich (which I can't find on the menu online, but it's on the menu at the restaurant) which had huge cuts of steak with sunnyside up eggs on a crunchy roll, kind of difficult to eat b/c of the big bites I had to take, but very delicious. The decor inside was very girly and cute, and while I see some people had a bad experience with the service, our server was actually very very friendly and quick. He gladly provided us with extra dipping sauces and refilled our ice water without even being asked. Overall, pretty good, I'd def come again... even if it's just to get the frozen hot chocolate MMMM
2	I've been to Serendipity 3 in NYC and this for me was a disappointment. The restaurant was too busy and the wait too long, so we got take-out. The Frozen Hot Chocolate was Ridiculously expensive for what it was- served in a lame plastic cup. It also took Forever for them to complete our  orders. *lame* and overrated
4	I've been wanting to come here for the longest time, especially after hearing so much about their famous frozen hot chocolate. It didn't disappoint me, so I'm also surprised that it didn't get high ratings.I definitely like the ambiance sine I'm a huge fan of pink. It's a casual restaurant so I'm not disappointed that the interior isn't extremely nice. But I liked the pink and king/queen theme. I also like how there is an outside patio seating, which is really nice when it's a beautiful sunny day out, like it was when I went.Their entrees are extremely big, and the selection is pretty good too. I loved how they designed the menu, and all the cute and interesting names that they give to all their dishes. My friend and I shared the HIGH HEEL SANDWICH, which was really good. Only thing is that I wish that the bread was toasted/heated to some level. It was definitely big enough to fill both of our stomachs.Finally, their frozen hot chocolate definitely did not disappoint me. It was super delicious, and good to share btwn 2 ppl too. The next day we came back and ordered the PEANUT BUTTER FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE upon a friend's recommendation...which was indeed more delicious than the regular one. So I highly recommend everyone to get the one w/peanut butter if ur a PB fan! It is definitely very pricey for the size and what it is...but it's ok to try once in a while, especially when ur in vegas and everything is expensive anyways =P
2	atmosphere - crowded, bright, loud, but funservice - aightfood portions - bigger than averageprice - priceyoverall experience - it was cool checking it out, but probably won't go back... maybe for dessert...i got the veggie burger and of course the famous 'frozen hot chocolate'. with all the hype and my expectation, i honestly wasn't diggin' it. i could get a better tasting shake n better tasting burger at in n out for a third of the price.
3	I had the pleasure of staying at the Caesars Palace, and I was recommended to try the frozen hot chocolate.... FROZEN-HOT?!?! Hmmm, interesting! Even though I'm not a fan of sweets, I had to give it a shot.Well, it was hot chocolate, but it was frozen! Well, it wasn't literally frozen.... It felt like it had very fine, smooth shavings of frozen hot chocolate. My wife would have loved it.... I have to bring her next time!
4	** This review is only for the frozen hot chocolate and (enormous) cheesecake dessert. **By serendipitous coincidence (which if you read my profile - this is what I love) I ended up at Serendipity 3 for dessert.  Do I get double serendipity points for having a serendipitous coincidence at a restaurant called Serendipity?  That aside - we got here at 8 pm and it was still pretty busy.  We were waiting for patio seats in the restaurant since the quick dining option outside didn't have any dessert.  We got seated 15 minutes later and found out there was plenty of empty seats on the patio so I wasn't quite sure why they made us wait.  Is this another one of those Vegas things I will never understand?Anyway, between the 3 of us we ordered the frozen hot chocolate, a strawberry ice cream sundae, and the cheesecake.  Little did we know what we had in store for us.  The frozen hot chocolate was a treat, especially with the almonds.  A rich, sweet and satisfying drink.However the real page turner was when the cheesecake came out.  As the cheesecake approached us - 3 jaws dropped.  I thought to myself - are you sure that's for me and not that table of 10 across the way?  This thing could have been its own cake!  Because of its massiveness, I was afraid this hunk of cake would suffer the restaurant chain rule and be either (1) yucky/inedible or (2) generic tasting.  I was actually wrong.  The cake wasn't too sweet, not too creamy or gelatinous, but simple and most importantly, it didn't taste like it came from the freezer section at Costco.  Score!  I gave it my best shot, along with my 2 other dining companions, and at most we got through half of it.  I would definitely eat their desserts here again but next time bring more people!
3	I came here for lunch with friends. I ordered chicken Caesar salad and their famous frozen hot chocolate. It was topped with whip cream and sprinkled with chocolate. But when I got mines, the whipped cream was melting already. It was very delicious and I wanted more. My friend had the hangover omelets which had skinny fries and melted cheese and mushrooms. I had some of my friend's omelets and it was good especially the fries with melted cheese.
4	*** REVIEW FOR THE DESSERTS ONLY ***My older sister raved about this place for days, and I couldn't understand why until I actually had the chance to visit. I'm usually not a fan of ice cream, but Serendipity's sundaes got me hooked! I definitely left the place feeling a few pounds heavier, but it was well worth the price.My friends and I ventured to Vegas and decided to come here since it was 100+ degrees outside. We ordered:Frrrozen Hot Chocolate (~$10): Awesome. It really does taste like hot chocolate, albeit cold. This is probably the best dessert to get if you're really watching your budget but still want a taste of Serendipity's goodness. My friends finished this super quick, and they don't normally have sweet tooths.Audrey's "Can't Say No" Sundae (~$14): Oh, my gosh. I think I had a heart attack while eating this since there was so much sweetness, but it was super tasty! It includes humble pie with peanut butter cream on graham cracker crust. I tried super hard to finish this, but the sizes for all the sundaes are gigantic. It's got enough ice cream to feed 3 people, but you may not want to share after having a bite.Strawberry Fields Sundae (~$14): Wow, I don't think any other strawberry dessert I've had hits the spot as much as this one. The cheesecake definitely compliments the strawberry ice cream, and overall it just works. Definitely flavorful and a great option if you like fruity flavors.Black and White Sundae (~$14): Chocolate and vanilla ice cream with whipped cream, topped with a tuxedo chocolate-covered strawberry. Super delicious, too. The flavors are basic, but it's a great classical twist nonetheless!I can understand why people would complain about the price, but this place is the home of the freaking $1000 dessert! Why expect anything less than expensive from here? Plus, it's on The Strip! It's a well-known fact that restaurants in Vegas, let alone on The Strip, are pretty costly.Anyways, I will definitely come here again when I'm in Vegas. But, if you plan on eating sundaes, be sure to have a group of hungry people to share it with! Trust me, there's enough for everyone.
5	Being born and Raised in SOCAL (southern california), going to Las Vegas becomes a right of passage into legal debauchery once you turn 21.  One of the great things about Vegas Is the FOOOOD!.  The culiniary options are bested every passing year and one of the most brilliant ideas Caesar's Palace Casino ever made was franchising Serendipity 3!  It is on the pricey side but the return is well worth it.  There is a wait that can be up to an hour but there is also a short order window for take out as well.    The food here is your typical american fare but with their own twists on it...and the portions are good enough for 2-3 people.  Lets get to the real nitty gritty of what makes this place so AMAZING ....Desserts!  The frozen hot chocolate is a goblet filled to the brim with coco goodness topped with home made whipped cream, the perfect antedote to a hot day in the desert.  Try also the Fried Oreo Sundae.  It has scoops of mocha ice cream topped with fudge and fried oreos hugging the ice cream into place.  UTTER INDULGENCE! Inbetween all that drinking and gambling and club hopping try to make your way here, you will not be disappointed!
3	4.11.10: Oh how I love thee ice cream, and to try you at serendipity would be a treat, as they say. So it was brunch time and I ordered the French Toast Log, not really thinking why it was called a log until it came out. It was huge. It was actually as long as their famous hot dog...I can't believe it was at least a foot long. You should also see the sausages that came with it. I don't know how they got it so big. It was a little scary eating it at first. Their famous frozen hot chocolate was nothing but cold chocolate. I didn't think anything was spectacular about it. However I did like their food. Their chicken salad, their cheeseburger, their French toast log, was all great. I wouldn't wait in line just to eat here though. The only reason why we came here was because my cousin went crazy at the though of frozen hot chocolate, boy was we disappointed that it is nothing more than what it is. So the food is good enough to enjoy. Big portions, can't go wrong with that. Next time gotta try their sundae instead.
3	I've been here for lunch twice and for dessert a couple times more... what can I say? I'm a pastry cook ;)The service was alright. Not astounding but not terrible, either.  I would say the dessert is worth the wait, but the food isn't.Mac and Cheese had a nice (as in pretty, not as in tasty) crumb topping but there wasn't enough cheese sauce on the pasta.  It was all pretty bland.Sweet Potato Fries were yummy, but not worth the $6 i paid for a tiny bucket (maybe 1 cup volume or 2 oz by weight)Chicken Alfredo was tasty, but again, not enough sauce.I had an "adult" beverage.  I forget what they called it, but I guess its supposed to taste like a Girl Scout Cookie (Thin Mint) .  It was refreshing and minty but not potent enough to be an "adult" beverage or sweet and creamy enough to be a dessert :/My experience with the to-go window:I had some friends in town and I had taken them to dinner and suggested Serendipity 3 for dessert.  By the time we got there around 930 PM there was a 40 minute wait for the dining room and outdoor patio seating, so we decided to try the to-go window.  Much to our dismay, that window had a very limited menu and we couldn't order the sundaes we wanted.  The lady suggested ordering at the bar "to go" so that is what we did. 20 minutes after arriving we finally had our dessert.Deep-Fried Oreo Sundae was huuuuuge. Cavity/Diabetes in a giant plastic cup. Vanilla Ice cream, whipped cream, chocolate sauce, and maybe 6 cornflake-coated and fried Oreos.Bottom Line: I'd come back over and over again for their dessert...their food....not so much.
3	A bit more pricey for regular American food but the portions do it justice. Taste wise? It's okay, nothing memorable. The desserts look pretty and taste good but I can probably get something cheaper and better at a lesser known joint.
2	What's there to say really.  The food sucks and the famous frozen hot chocolate was nothing special.  Children and women may enjoy it but not so much if you are male and of voting age.
3	Can we say gluttony?My friend and I have been to the one in New York City and we decided to go here to the walk-up window after a few drinks (I remember falling in my high heels while walking across Las Vegas Blvd to get here... yep)We got one of their over-sized sundae's to share.  Keyword: SHARE!  It was huge!  The best part about it was the slice of chocolate cake hidden inside.  It wasn't really amazing or anything... kinda just a huge bowl of average.I do wish I tried the frozen hot chocolate which is what everyone seems to be raving about.  I'd go back because I'd be interested in trying some of their other menu items
5	Two words: GIANT DONUT
3	Frozen hot chocolate! Amazing. Service? Sucked.
5	This is certainly a place I will dream about, until I get to go again.  Right off the bat, people talk about the service here,  so I will write about that first. The service is fairly lousy.  But, I am guessing that they are constantly beyond busy, that something has to suffer a bit....and it's certainly not the food.  We did have to wait the two times we vistied Serendipity3 during our stay.  The girls taking your name down act more like bouncers than friendly hostesses.  They are not friendly or nice at all.  Both times we went they treated us poorly.  The first time, we had just gotten married and I was in a wedding dress.  Still, not so much as a congratulation....they looked at us and rolled their eyes.  So, they girls at the front are not sweet, nice or friendly. Once you get passed all that and are actually allowed to sit in this confectionary heaven, you will quickly forget the teeny bopper hostesses and dream about your order.  I ordered a blueberry mojito, which was beyond delicious.  I will seriously dream about that drink....not too sweet....very fresh, with muddled mint and fresh blueberries throughout.  We ordered the buffalo chicken wings.......also fantastic.  Not too hot, just a good amount of spice...and fried first, so they are a little crispy.  Perfect! We had the Summer sandwich, with the pumpernickel raisen bread, cranberry mayo, turkey breast, apple slices, melted brie and topped with sprouts......sooooooooooooooooooooo yummy!   For dessert, we had the chocolate cake...which I think was called forbidden chocolate cake sundae.  Gorgeous chocolate cake with a ganache frosting, vanilla and chocolate icecream, miles of homemade whip cream, chocolate shavings and a cherry on top.  It was huge, incredible, not too sweet, but ulta indulgent.  Just pure dessert heaven. We also ordered a frozen hot chocolate.  We had to try it.  It was very good........again, not too sweet.  It sort of tasted like a hot chocolate slurpee with whip cream.   It doesn't taste like a chocolate slurpee, but more like swiss miss frozen.........That doesn't really do it justice, but the flavor is unique and quite scrumptious! i would go back in a heartbeat.  Who cares about the wait.  There is a wait everywhere in Vegas.  The food is what you are there for and it's all crazy good.  You won't be disappointed...........you'll dream about the next time you can go!!!!
4	woooo...frozen hot chocolate, finally! we went to the outside vendor and were happy to quickly and easily get our treats...the frozen hot chocolate, as mentioned, and a strawberry cheesecake sundae...with a whole slice of cheesecake. super delicious!
3	I was told that this place is famous for their frozen hot chocolate.  When I tasted it, I seriously thought that this is something I could easily make using hot chocolate, ice, and a blender.The food itself is not bad though.  I got the Las Vegas strip steak sandwich, and it was huge! We ended up sharing and it was still more than enough for 2 peopleAbout the service...our waiter was very friendly and helpful, and as fast as he could be.  But, everything took a long time, because it was obvious that he was over-burdened with tables.  Things were so slow that by the time they came, you didn't want it anymore.  I wanted some Ketchup but had finished my fries before it came.  I wanted a napkin, but the cheese already dried on my hands before it came!  It wasn't his fault, they just need more people!
4	Surprisingly packed for a lunch on a hot summer Monday we opted to sit on the deck overlooking lv blvd, it was very pleasant (not too cool with the misters).  Not really worth waiting to sit inside we thought.The signature frozen hot chocolate looked super overpriced, but almost everyone else (not us) had it.  I ordered the taco salad, which was ridiculously huge with tons of toppings (guacamole, beans, salsa, cheese, sour cream, three taquitos).  My wife ordered spaghetti and meatballs that had three giant meatballs.  Both meals were quite delicious!I guess the theme for this place is huge portions, many people were leaving with pink takeout bags for their leftovers.In the end, although the enterees were a bit pricy, don't think I've ever had a 16.50 taco salad.  considering we were right in the heart of the strip and the quality of food was excellent, I would definitely recommend this place (especially if margaritaville gets too busy).
2	We came over an hour before closing and were told they were no longer seating anyone.  The restaurant was about half full.  We found out we could sit at the bar, so of course we did.  First off, peanut butter frozen hot chocolate...amazing. (and seems simple to make at home)  now the fun stuff, the bartender was arrogant and a jackass.  We also had the nachos...awful.  They tasted like they were made with roasted plastic, the chips were oily and overall a bad choice.  I should have gotten the steak sandwich or the pizza like my neighbors, looked great. I say go, but don't look beyond the desserts.
3	I only came here for the frozen hot chocolate...just to see what it was about.  Honestly, it was quite disappointing.  I was hoping for a stronger chocolate flavor.  I was okay with it mainly because I was sitting outside on the patio in the scorching heat.  The service was great, but I won't be coming back here.
4	"OMG, look mom, just like in the movies can we go please?" My teenage daughter says to me and of course shes completely spoiled, not rotten but defiantly spoiled, so we go. "Mom, Paris Hilton ate here with her BFF!" She exclaimed as we were seated in what seemed to me a regular, same as any other place we have eaten type of place. I didn't care if the King of Siam had eaten here I just was ready for an ice cream! We looked over the menu and what in the world an $88.00 sundae? Wait, am I hallucinating? a $1000.00 sundae! this had better be some amazing ice cream! We all opted to split the banana split. It was huge and all four of us got our fill of ice cream and then some. My 15 yr old son finished it all off as we sat there stuffed. Was it good? YES! it really was. I was actually surprised at the quality. It was just ice cream but the sauces were really yummy and rich and quality ingredients. I think anyone would like the experince, especially the teens!
3	I've never been to the Serendipity 3 in NYC, but that's because every time I've walked by it the lines for it were ridiculous.  Anyway, they do have food here. I ordered some fries and a foot long hot dog. It looked pretty, but honestly nothing special about it. Prices are standard for the type of environment and being in Vegas. The decor of the restaurant is cutesy. Definitely more of a chick place and dessert place. I think that's what they were aiming at.  There are some cool souveniers.  Anyway I tried the frozen hot chocolate, to my understanding it's their signature item.  It was pretty darn tasty, and it looks pretty cool when you get it. It's also pretty cheap considering it a dessert that can be shared by two. Anyway, is it worth the hype? not really.  but it's still a cool place to hit up, especially on a hot ass Vegas day.~G
2	This place is CUTE! I've never been to the Serendipity 3 in NYC, but i heard that the line wait to get seated is crazy! My friends and I came here for a late lunch. we had to wait 45 mins to get seated.  Our waitress was really friendly always refilled our water.  we were seated at the patio in the hot weather.  I'm not sure if the place is dirty but there was a dead bug in my friend's water. UGH! the food is pretty expensive. i ordered the BLT Turkey sandwich for $16.99.  Huge portion but i dont think it was worth $16.99! ah! the meat was VERY salty and so were the fries. Of course we just had to order their signature frozen hot chocolate. VERY EXPENSIVE! 1 cost around $9 something and there was 5 of us so we ordered 2 for $13 each and shared it. it was HUGE. Overloaded of whipped cream and a few chocolate sprinkles.  the drink tasted very diluted because of all the ice.  for me, it just tasted like a diluted frappuccino.  STILL! i dont think it would cost $13 for it. OH WELL, its VEGAS!
2	Vegas is practically my second home since I come here at least once a year. For the past two years, I've been eyeing Serendipity as I passed it driving down the strip; the exterior is cute and decorated with huge frozen hot chocolates. I finally got around to trying the famous Serendipity and my experience was not at all what I had expected.. in a not so great way.My good friend and I arrived a little after 9PM. We were given a wait time for 30-40 minutes. We were having such good conversation that I failed to even keep track of how long it had been. When our pager finally buzzed, we were led to the outdoor seating overlooking the strip. What I first noticed was the many empty tables. I guess they were just understaffed? Anyway, we sat down at an average looking table. For some reason I had pictured this place to be extremely cute and a lot more.. New York-ish? Our server took what felt like ages to even take our order and when he finally arrived at our table, he didn't seem enthusiastic at all. We ordered the large frozen hot chocolate for 2, which was $15. We both took a sip of the frozen hot chocolate at the same time and probably had the same surprised look on our faces. We were very disappointed with the quality of the ever so famous drink. It tasted no more like melted ice cream or even a super icy milkshake. My friend ordered what I believe was some sort of turkey sandwich, which was $17. The portion was decent. I didn't try the sandwich but the sweet potato fries weren't anything great.I will definitely be back in Vegas but definitely not returning to Serendipity. Hype is hype but sometimes you gotta see it to believe it and in this case, don't believe the hype. Save your time and $15 and get a milkshake from Coldstone.
2	I've walked by this place quite a few times over my previous Vegas trips and was looking forward to finally trying the frozen hot chocolate.  I'm guessing that sitting outside in 115 degree weather last weekend (in the dead zone between misting fans, no less) didn't help very much, but while chocolate-y, it kind of felt like something i could make at home with ice and a blender.  Also had a root beer float (which was actually really good), reuben, and sweet potato fries.   It is on the pricey side, but then again, so is the rest of Vegas.   I'd probably go back to try some of the other desserts or cocktails, but the food is probably a pass.
3	Upon recommendation we had to try the frozen hot chocolate. It was quite yummy and hot chocolatey-like indeed. We eyed a bar nearby and proceeded to buy a shot of Kahlua (which was more like 2 shots the way that bartender poured it) and mixed it into the frozen hot chocolate. Bliss! It was phenomenally better and definitely would recommend it. Be prepared for sticker shock when you buy the frozen hot chocolate at $9 for a regular and spend another $10 for a shot of kahlua. Apparently that's how it works in Vegas. I say just make sure you have a mini bottle of kahlua on hand when you head to Serendipity. It'll save you $10.
2	IDGI. I DON'T GET IT.It's like walking into a Cheesecake Factory. The portions are huge and so are the prices. I guess because I'm not into desert, I'm not really getting all that this place can offer, but judging food wise, it's your average American restaurant. The bells and whistles for this place is pretty much the decor. The service was nice, but I'm still pretty pissed at the hostess.My friends and I went to Vegas during the weekend they had a heat advisory so we wanted to stay inside for sure. I asked her, "Hey how long will the wait be?" "It's going to be abotu 30-35 minutes, but I think you should come back in 20 minutes just in case." Alright, so we get back in 20 minutes...AND OUR TABLE WAS GONE! WTF?!?!?!? She kept saying how it wasn't guaranteed, I kept getting pissed cause she shouldn't have said 30-35 waiting time if the waiting time is actually 10 minutes. GIRL YOU BE FUCKING TRIPPING!
4	This place was delicious.The portions were humongous and delicious. The dessert, peanut butter chocolate shake was one of the most delicious calorie bombs I've had in a long, long time.There were only 2 major downfalls. 1. Price2. The waitUnderstanding that it is the Las Vegas strip and seeing the giant portions of food - the cost begins to make itself more known and believable. Our service was sassy and on top of things. She was even nice enough to pick up the dessert tab for a friend of ours because it was his birthday. Unexpected but great to see. Most of us had the Las Vegas Strip Steak sandwich and none of us could finish the monster. Steak. Eggs. Bacon. Fresh bread. And I forgot what else...I was so wrapped up in its deliciousness and becoming full that I forgot what else was on it. Go in with an empty stomach and open wallet and you should leave happy.
4	I wanted to come here b/c I heart the movie Serendipity and this was more convenient than heading to NYC...and it was hot and I wanted frozen chocolate. I want to give this place 5+ stars sooooo bad, but I had to wait 45 minutes in 115 degree weather and almost melted.This place was really cute and their frozen treats were gigantic and awesome. We had lunch and here and weren't prepared at all for the portions and deliciousness. The sandwich I got was basically a caprese salad on bread...but better. The sweet potato fries that came with it were also among the best I'd had. The sandwich was the size of my forearm so I only had about half, but it justified the $12ish price tag. I love this place and will make sure to visit each time I head back to Vegas. It would be cheaper for me if Serendipity 4 or 5 or something would open up in Chicago, but if it takes a flight to Vegas to get my fix, I guess I've found my new vacation spot.
3	Seriously the wait is RIDICULOUS! Its 110 degrees outside and I'm waiting in this line for a frozen hot chocolate... i have a major case of boob sweat oh and just maybe some ass sweat too. I'm getting a little pissy. Yeah i might even hate life a little. I wanted to be mad, but the lone employee made me think twice about cursing her out.. Poor girl was by herself and looked like she was on the verge of tears. They should have at least two people working the window. SERIOUSLY! Any who the frozen hot chocolate is just that. It really taste like a frozen hot chocolate. It wasn't too icy and had the right consistency. i might of loved it more but the $15 price tag really kills its. Its one of those things were i told myself hey at least i can say i tried it... will i go back, probably not.The good thing about this place... I unlocked the foursquare special and scored our friends two for one drafts. YAY!
4	good! and LOUD.  the place is cute.  decor is super girly... but the portions are manly for sure. I had the hangover omelet and was full from only a quarter of the portion.  truly a mix of goodness: fries, cheese, mushrooms, and bacon wrapped in an egg.  genius.  the  menu had clever names and a wide variety, so it takes about 10  minutes to read what exactly is in everything.  it's probably good to get an idea before you go.. from what i've read before we went, sometimes service is slow [which i'm assuming is based on how busy it is..] luckily we went on a not so busy day. husband had the ahi which was also excellent.  the serving of tuna filled him up, and the plate was majority rice pilaf mixed with sweet onions.  sweet potato fries are also a must try... which is served with most plates.so getting to the point.. I had a black and white sundae.  half chocolate half vanilla.. whipped cream with white chocolate shavings.. chocolate syrup, and a strawberry tuxedo.. [chocolate made to look like a tux] covered strawberry.. best part.  otherwise, it's a big ass bowl of ice cream.  big deal.  BUT I also had a bite of the deep fried oreos which was pleasantly not so much oreo-e then I thought. I don't know everything in that.. but the Oreo was dope. so the main main point.. food food is good.  :) deserts were typical... you can make crazier things at home [which i have] .. or at  yogo bar for cheaper.
5	DESSERTS!!go there for desserts and breakfast please! they are so fucking good! we got a free frozen hot chocolate coupon from PH front desk and tried it the next morning. it was so freaking good. we also ordered their central park omelet and hangover omelet. they were amazing too.service was great!our server, jay, was charming, friendly, and fun. he answered all our questions patiently and took good care of us. we loved serendipity 3!
2	Heard about how good desserts were here. Decided to try. Frozen hot chocolate was whatevers. Tastes like chocolate shake. Nothing special. Decor didn't even look that good.
2	I've been waiting to try this frrrozen hot chocolate that everyone rants and raves about. The location of this restaurant is right on the strip with a walk way that leads to the casino of Caesar's palace behind it. Unfortunately, the wait was OUTSIDE in 115 degree heat and that was an automatic "HELL NO" They had groups of  tables steps down from the main waiting area where there were misting stations.. did I feel the mist? No. We found the brutal 45 minute wait to be too much so we decided to just go for the To Go window. Afterall, the main focus was for the frrrozen hot chocolate anyways....Even then, the wait was still 20 minutes and I saw how they made the frrozen hot chocolate. I guess I was expecting some unique way of making it, but a traditional blender was used with chocolate powder, milk, and ice with whipped cream on top and chocolate shavings.(IMHO) It's good, don't get me wrong but I could go to Wendy's and get a frosty for 99 cents and taste the same thing...
4	We tried the frozen peanut butter hot chocolate and the frozen hot chocolate, and both were Ridiculously Good! They were really big too, and since it's thick and rick, 2 people can probably share one. But it was like 8 bucks for the shake !! The outdoor patio seating is cute. Just be sure you get sit in the shade, b/c it's really hot.
3	Ok, I have to admit, this review is not actually for this location.  I was regrettably too hung over to make it out here.  But my lovely friends that have visited here and the NY location were kind enough to get some of their famous frozen hot chocolate mix and serve it at our recent dinner party.  Having never tried it straight from Serendipity's I didn't know what to expect but according to them it definitely tastes the same.  I thought it tasted pretty good but yes, it did sort of remind me of a frosty from Wendy's-- a sort of gourmet version of it.  It still hope to try it here or in NY one day, but as many of the reviews have noted---if you don't want to wait long, get the mix and make it anytime you want.  Wait time is only as long as it takes you to whip it up in the blender.  I mean if it taste the same as buying it directly from them why not?! They even sell it at Williams Sonoma.
3	i guess with all the hype about how AMAZING the frozen hot chocolate was i was expecting a lot...but i wasn't too pleased after.it was SO sweet...TOO sweet and if you don't drink it fast enough it looks like thick chocolate snot...lol sorry but it does i had to stop after a few sips...it was just wayyyyy too sweet for me.
3	First time I saw my waitress roled her eyes because I changed my side order before she placed the order on the computer..... I admited that it was my fault to change my side order but as a waitress, you should not let your customer see your attitute, missy. Sweet potato fries was good. I really enjoyed it. If you haven't have sweet potato fries before, you should try.Frozen Hot Chocolate was ok. It is nothing special about it. For me, it just tasted like cold chocolate drink.ps: if you dress a little bit getto, the people working here might give you a dirty look which happended to me.
3	I had a hot fudge sundae here.  The only problem is they don't inform you of special deserts.  It was ok.  I love the decor of the place.  Great place to stop and beat the Vegas heat.
3	This place was one of the many places to try on my list when in Vegas and after leaving here, I was in the biggest sugar coma I've ever been in. I imagined this place to be huge, but it's actually kind of small inside. We only waited 15 minutes for a table inside and even there it was scorching hot sitting inside. My bf and I wanted to try everything on their menu, but decided not to over indulge so much. We ended up sharing a frozen hot chocolate to join the bandwagon of reviews AND their strawberry shortcake sundae. The frozen chocolate hits the spot if you're a chocolate lover on a hot day, but nothing too crazy. The strawberry shortcake sundae on the other hand, was massive! The cheesecake in the sundae made it too rich to eat the sundae in my opinion. I like cheesecake and I like strawberry shortcake, but together? Too intense. Too overwhelmed by the sugar overload, I didn't even notice it when I left my atm card behind after paying for our desserts. =/
5	Good service starts out a great evening at any restaurant and this is exactly what you'll first experience at Serendipity 3 beside Caesar's Palace. I say beside Caesar's Palace because it is on the same property as the resort but is located right on the strip. The service here has always been friendly and warm.I have met several servers and each time I have gone back, and if they're working, they remember me. This is amazing as many thousands of people go through weekly. If the manager is there, she'll come around and say hi and be sure the meal or drinks are what you're expecting. The temperature on the food is always hot. This is difficult for large kitchens at any restaurant but they seem to pull it off.I have brought in many sets of friends, recommended it to people on social services and all of them have had an excellent time. How do I know this you may ask. They send me tweets or Facebook status wall postings about their experiences. I took my parents here during one of their trips to visit and they both thoroughly enjoyed their lunch, they have asked to go back.I have had many desserts here, including the Golden Opulence Sundae, which was presented to me, without my prior knowledge, when I hit a certain follower count on Twitter. Sharing it with the 20+ other people at the party was a good time. They brought it out in a Baccarat Crystal bowl with a golden spoon via white gloved private butler. The almonds were covered in golf leaf and there were giant chocolate pieces all over it. People ask if the taste of the Sundae is worth the price. First, you get to keep the golden spoon and the crystal bowl, so half of the price of the dessert is just in those two items. Secondly, you shouldn't have this dessert by yourself. You could end up spending several thousand dollars on bottle service at a club, this is more fun. The taste is unlike anything I've ever had in a Sundae. There are some exotic ingredients in this sundae that I have yet to taste in another deluxe sundae. Some of the food I have received at this restaurant have been comped. In no way has any of the staff asked me to review this restaurant. I did not keep the bowl or the spoon, those were returned to the restaurant.
2	We had to wait for a table for two!? There were so many tables available... they need to hire more waiters.The Frozen Hot Chocolate is way too over-hyped. Just tastes like a very sweet chocolate milk. The boyfriend and I had two burgers. I didn't like the buns, seemed kind of dry. The burgers were just okay... I'd rather go to Carl's Jr. Although, the fries were good, but that's not hard to make. The service was just okay... nothing special. You will not see me here again.
4	ADORABLE!!! I've been to the Serendipity in New York, this one is definitely a lot flashier and vegas-y. Very pink, very open, lots of colors and loud  music that makes you feel like you're in a club already.We called ahead and made a reservation for lunch, which turned out to be a brilliant idea because it was super crowded and the wait was long. We also opted to sit indoors, because despite their fans outside, I was not about to sit in the 105 degree weather.Their brunch menu looked pretty amazing.. super tasty breakfast items, and some super tasty lunch items. We decided to mix a little of both and ordered the french toast log and a cheeseburger to share among the 3 of us. When the french toast arrived, we were in awe. It was definitely a LOG, and it was huge! On one end were some breakfast potatoes and 2 sunny side eggs with bacon, and on the other end were some fresh berries with whipped cream. It was definitely a true breakfast meal! The cheeseburger was very good too. Everything was super tasty, but we were really waiting for the frrrrozen hot chocolate at the end! We got a coupon for a free one with our stay at Paris, so that just made it extra delicous. Nothing beats that cool dessert on a hot Vegas day! The bill only came out to $32!!
4	I'm originally from New York so I was very excited to see that there is a Serendipity in Vegas.  The decor is a lot different - I'm not too sure if I like it too much, but its fun either way.  Me and my friend split a bottle of wine.  She ordered a grilled chicken salad and I ordered the high heel pump sandwich (proscuitto, fresh mozz, pesto, basil, balsamic) and the portions were HUGE!  Come here hungry!  We both enjoyed our meals but were sadly too full for some frozen hot chocolate :(
4	I tried the frozen hot chocolate at Serendipity 3. The drink really was great, though at a price of $9.50 for the small (which was just a normal sized cup), I don't think I'd buy very many of them.
4	Made reservations for 6 on a Sunday afternoon. Despite coming an hour early, had to wait less than 10 minutes to get our table. Ordered the Off Broadway and the frozen hot chocolate. It's pretty good and enough to satisfy your sweet tooth that you won't really crave any more sugar for the next few days. The prices for the food and merchandise is expensive, as a novelty place like this I would expect to be.
4	This place was soo cute! i loved it! unfortunately, my boyfriend and i did have to wait about 30 mins on a saturday night at around 9pm. once we were seated, though, our server was THE best! she was so nice and friendly and the service was quick too! she always refilled our drinks before we had to ask which is always a plus!!i had the bacon and bleu cheese burger which i was a little disappointed with..but that was only my fault! cant blame them...i read it wrong somehow and didnt realize there was blue cheese on it..which i really dont like. other than that though, it was good! the fries were delish too! i really wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate since ive heard so many people rave about it. but the boyfriend wanted to oreo one, so thats the one we got. it didnt disappoint though! that thing was yummy!! =]overall, i really liked this place and i would definitely come back! great food AND great service!!
4	A very cool little place. Love the style, the decor, the menus, and custom white plastic spoons that we got for our dessert, the frozen hot chocolate. This place was recommended to my mom by her friend specifically for this dessert, so we walked over from Margaritaville and shared the smaller size which is still too much for 2 people that have eaten dinner. We sat at the bar and the bartender was cool. It's definitely a bit pricy, but hey if you're wanting some awesome desserts it's worth it. The sundaes they were bringing out to other customers looked awesome. They also have sandwiches and omelettes and other real food which I would not have expected, but I have heard it is good so might have to check that out. The dessert was delicious and I think $14, so really not a huge dent. Check Serendipity 3 out for an upscale cafe and dessert type of setting.
2	After passing by the place several times I decided to try it and I drug my sister along.  The decor is great, but unfortunately that is the only great thing about it.  The staff was o.k., but seemed rushed.  Now to the reason why it only got two stars from me.  The food!  I did not like the food at all.  I got the hangover omelet and the egg was puffy it reminded me of a fast food egg.  My sister got the coney and she did not like it at all.  She said the chili was horrible so was the dog.  We didn't finish our meals we paid and left.  I know that this place is known for it's dessert's maybe that's where I went wrong, but the food is not great at all.
5	Very cute! Much nicer than the one here in Nyc. Its very pink, adorable and huge compared to the one here. We did wait to be seated, as it was late and we didnt make reservations. We waited about 1/2 hour for an inside table. Our server was awesome. We had the frozen PEANUT BUTTER hot chocolate, because that is their signature item, and my bf had never been there before. The PB HC was amazing! We followed that up with the Blackout cake sundae chaser. It was HUGE! 2 scoops of ice cream on top of a mound of chocolate cake, hot fudge, whipped cream. OMG. I didnt find it pricey because thats the same prices we pay here in Nyc. And it was huge and delicious. Cant wait to go back. There is also a take out window if you dont want to wait for a table.
3	The deserts were delicious. I ordered the frozen hot chocolate which was delicious and my boyfriend ordered the black and white sundae. Now the portions are pretty big and one person would probably be not be able to finish theirs (i know i definitely wasn't). The customer service sucks so badly though. Its extremely difficult to get any attention from any waiters. Let alone get them to even serve water. Our waiter was pretty rude too. They made us wait outside where there was not any water mists. The funny thing is there were seats available in that place and they just had to move us. We waited for over an hour just to get a seat. It was quite disappointing really. The deserts and the little cute designs were the only highlight to this place. Other than that, I am not too sure if I would come back to this place.
4	This place was so cute!  My 12 year old daughter loved it and suggested it would be a nice place for a birthday party!  The colors and decor are so cute and the music playing made me feel like I was in a club!  We went on the Sunday that we were driving back home.  It was highly recommended that we made a reservation, I'm glad we did because we were seated right away!  We started out with their signature "frrrozen hot chocolate"  it was very good.  I ordered the summer bries sandwich with sweet potato fries, it was delicious.  My daughter had the the nachos.  I liked that it had black beans and it came with 3 cute little ice cream cups that had the sour cream, guacamole and pico de gallo.  It was a cute touch.  My husband had the breakfast burger, which was good also.  The eggs were runny for my taste, but it was still good.  The breakfast potatos were very good!  Beware!  the food portions are huge!  Our leftovers were enough for dinner that night!
3	Nothin to write home about.  Had the frozen hot chocolate.  They definitely use a higher quality hot chocolate (syrup, not powder based from what I can tell although they sold pouches of the mix).  I also like their parlor theme.  Cute place to hang out.
5	So, I stopped in with my family really late after walking up and down the strip for a couple hours. I'd heard about it so we all thought, why not? At first glance we were told the wait was going to be a good 45 minutes to an hour. Even at almost midnight the place was packed and it was a Thursday night. After only 30 minutes we were seated and getting our drink orders taken.For the four of us we ordered two meals and an appetizer. It was still too much food for us too finish. But it was delicious!!!! We had to try a dessert even though we were stuffed. That, (besides our cute waiter, Lance) was the best part of the experience. It was huge and well worth the price.Overall, expect to pay a little more, but be sure to be starving when you arrive and just have a good time and enjoy good food. I will definietly be back again next time I am in Vegas!
3	This place is alright.  It's a nice place to chill with a small group over some dessert.  I had the famous frozen hot chocolate.  It was good and I enjoyed it, but really it's pretty much just a glamorized frappucino.A-OK
3	Went here twice on my last trip to Vegas with the fam. We had lunch here, pretty crowded since no one wanted to brave the heat and sit outside. We had a 30 min wait, a bummer. Once inside your senses are overloaded... lots of stuff on the walls, music blasting. It's fun, but not appreciated by my parents. After much deliberation (so many good looking items on the menu!), I got a cheeseburger with sweet potato fries. Definitely thumbs up on the portions - huge and plentiful. I'm a fan of sweet potato fries, but these came sprinkled with brown sugar. I know this place is known for it's sweets, but seriously. Yuck, not my thing. The burger was good. Juicy and tasty, for sure, definitely would recommend. The burger came on a sort of sweet bun. It was ok, but not my fav, guess I'm more of a savory person. My mom had the asian salad - it was gigantic! And tasted awesome. I should've gotten that. Second visit of the trip my sister and I split a frozen hot chocolate. Tasty! Not quite a milkshake, but not chocolate milk. Good dessert if you have room after their large portioned meals. We used the takeout window for this order, which was easier and faster. If you want to check out the hype, I recommend just going to the takeout window and eating outside or taking it inside Caesars. It's good, but not worth the trouble of doing the whole sit down meal thing. I think I'd come back and try some of their other dishes, but only if I were staying nearby. Don't think this is worth trekking across the strip for in 100 degree heat.
4	I went again with my family and this time everything was great. First off, I love the music in the restaurant. They play very up-to-date music and you are always dancing in your seat. I ordered the asian salad and the thai beef salad. The Asian chicken salad was like any other asian salad, but I loved how they put the salad in a bowl shaped out of wonton wraps. It was very creative. The thai beef salad was recommended to us. I loved the steak. It was very tender and nicely cooked, the only thing is that I wish the sauce was not so thick, but it was tasty. The NY steak sandwich was super yummy and had my favorite things: steak, eggs, and bacon. Heavenly.This place is pricey, but the portions are huge. You can easily share and entree with another person. We topped off the meal with a classic sundae and frozen hot chocolate of course.
2	This place is dumb.  Large, overpriced, mediocre food and drinks.  I won't be back.
4	If you are a fan of ice cream, you will love this place.  We needed a break from walking and the heat can be a bit unbearable on the strip during the summer.  I had the orange freeze, which was refreshing.  I wasn't really hungry, but the menu was tempting.  The decor is really cute.  I wish that we had a thousand bucks to spend on the Golden Opulence Sundae.  Too bad the casinos didn't help us out that much on our trip, but at least we broke even.
4	Just got back from Vegas, and this spot was on my list of places to visit. I must confess I first heard of it on Oprah (their Frozen Hot Chocolate is her fav). The building was very easy to find since it was hot pink in front of Ceaser's Palace. My friends and I sat at the bar because it was packed for lunch. The bartender was very friendly and recommended a Strawberries and Cream Mojito. So naturally, I had to try it. Yes it was expensive ($14 I think), but it was very big and absolutely yummy! We ordered a cheese pizza and finished it off with a Frozen Hot Chocolate for 2 (we shared it with FOUR people and still couldn't finish it!) Oh if you order a salad...make sure to SHARE it, they're HUGE!I definitely recommend this restaurant. It was the best service we had in Vegas (including those 5 stars we visited).
2	Service was horrible and a long wait! The only reason I gave 2 stars was because the manager was really nice.
2	I've been to both the New York and Las Vegas restaurants this past month. Let me just say, the original in NY has more charm and appeal. The food at both however is expensive and uneventful. The $14 hamburger was remarkably bland. The quiche was dry however the salad on top was finely seasoned. The sweet potato fries were passable. Everyone always raves about the Frozen Hot Chocolate. This one had more of a mocha taste then the New York version.If truth be told... this is a glorified chocolate shake without the ice cream.... chocolate powder, whole milk and ice blended together with whipped cream and chocolate shavings on top... for $14 dollars.  Give something a creative name and people will pay extra for the privilegeThe Las Vegas location, just outside of Caesars, is sparsely decorated compared to the other location. Okay... and a "Shell oil" sign is supposed to fit in how??  There is no lines outside this one unlike the one in New York. I can guess why.People.. the emperor has no clothes on this one.
3	If Kate Beckinsale was here then I'd give it 4 stars but not more than that. First of all it's kind of a pain in the butt to get to because it's out in front of Cesar's but not near all the other stuff. Second, the tables weren't very clean. Third, service was a little blah because I had to stand around for about 2 minutes before some gave me change. It wasn't like they were super busy because they had plenty of time to tell me that I couldn't sit in one of the chairs by the cash register. We ordered the Frozen Hot Chocolate and I just thought it was okay. It was pretty expensive and, with the exception of the chocolate flakes, it didn't taste that much better than any mocha freeze drink I could order from Starbucks or Costco. That's right, I said it. In your face!
4	i tried this place in NY, it was great, but usually i'm in NY in the winter and i can't enjoy the Frozen Hot Chocolate fully...but when i was in Vegas it was a blazing 109, the hot desert of Vegas made the Frozen Hot Chocolate a perfect dessert during a hot Vegas afternoon! can't vouch for the food, it looked good tho, all i had was the Frozen Hot Chocolate!
3	It's was a blazing 105 degrees outside so we were hoping to get a little refuge inside this place, along with a decent meal. Unfortunately, they had all the doors propped open so it was much warmer in there then we had hoped. Come on people, it's the desert, close the doors!Food wise, I ordered the chicken dinner, and that was certainly acceptable. It was a decently large portion and I left full. The mac & cheese side that came with was a big disappointment. Two of my friends ordered omelettes that were packed with all sorts of things that were horrible for you, like French fries. Yes, the omelette was stuffed with French fries! Their meals were HUGE and apparently pretty tasty as well (not factoring in the heart attack here).We didn't get any of the frozen deserts that this place is famous for. I think we consumed enough calories by that point.Price wise, I think it should have been a little cheaper, especially considering the cheap strip options that abound in the area.So all in all, we were pretty happy with Serendipity 3. I think if we were to come back, I would try one of the deserts. Otherwise, I'd probably pass on getting dinner here.
4	Definitely different decor from the NYC location. Waited around 30-40 minutes for a table, even though we saw a lot of empty tables inside. Maybe they were short-staffed. No biggie, we weren't famished.The menu is kind of pricey but it's the Strip. There are so many items that look appetizing! I had a difficult time choosing, but decided on the Spaghetti and Meatballs. To this day I do not know what the magical white clump on top of the meatball was, but good heavens it complemented the meatballs so well. It was like a creamy mixture of butter, cream, fat, cheese, I don't even know. I fully enjoyed my order of Spag and wish I remembered to eat my leftovers. The entrees are quite large and easy to share. Most of them give you the option of ordering Waffle Fries! Get them, they're so cute and fun to eat! The mac and cheese is also worth trying.Also wish I had room for the chocolate cake... as I recall from my NY experience, the chocolate cake was the best I have ever had. EVER.
4	LOVE the frozen hot chocolate, but duh, who doesn't? The other desserts are great as well (if you can talk yourself out of the nostalgic frozen hot chocolate). The portions are HUGE so go hungry (or be prepared to get a to go box). ALWAYS been a wait when I've attempted to go (or have gone) but worth it!The Strip seating is fun (especially at night since it will give you a good view of the city lights).
4	Well I came here for dessert and we got the fried Oreo sundae! It was hella good ! Worth getting it for $14 and it's big enough to share for 3 people. The waitress service wasn't all that good, she didn't even give us napkins.
3	Overrated. This place is very cute though, the decor is probably the only reason why their prices are justified. Sweet potato fries, spinach (and avocado??) egg white omelette, the pizza with tomato on it (name escapes me at the moment), and the frozen hot chocolate.The omelette was good, sweet potato fries good, and the pizza not so good/average. To be honest, the frozen hot chocolate was SUPER overrated--it tasted to me like the gloopy soft serve ice cream with icy bits in it that they have at Hometown Buffet or whatever. We didn't finish it cuz it was huge and we wanted to fit into our clubbing gear later.The prices are on average 12- 14 bucks per entree i think, and while the food was alright, it didn't blow me away or leave me salivating to come back. While some of the food was good, I would not pay that much, esp for an omelette I could easily make myself or a chopped up sweet potato. Service also was slow. Sooo, would not come back.
2	I've wanted to check this place out since I saw it in the movie Serendipity and also on the Food Network.  We happened to be in Vegas this past weekend and we happened to see it while we were driving.  We had to stop by.  We had an appointment to have a late lunch with his family, so we didn't order any food, however, everyone's food looked so good.  I decided on ordering their Signature Frozen Hot chocolate.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised.  It's not as rich as I thought it was going to be, and it's actually very refreshing, especially made just right for that Las Vegas weather.  The size for one is actually perfect for two.  The price was okay and the server we had was nice.  They weren't too personable though.  I'm not sure if had to do with them being so busy.  I tried to buy some souvenirs and they seemed very confused up front.  Also, when my boyfriend tried to ask them some questions, they seemed sort of stand-offish, which was not very cool.  I'll right up another review when we actually go back to eat some of their food.  Hopefully some of the help up front wont have the same attitude.
4	I heard so much about this place when I went to New York that I thought I finally had a chance while in Vegas to go there.  I'm so glad I did.  My group of friends and had eaten so much junk and drank so much alcohol that the last thing we needed was to indulge ourselves with dessert, but we HAD to get the frozen hot chocolate.  That has to be one of the best desserts that I have had.  I got the small one to share and it was plenty, but I'm sure we could have finished the large one too! If you are walking around Cesar's Palace try this place out, you won't be disappointed.  Also, avoid the long wait for the seating inside and go to the walk up window, it's the same food and price, minus having to tip and the long wait.
3	So FINALLY I got to eat here and I can give a legitimate review. We mentioned we were Diamond Club members and supposedly our wait was reduced to half the time but we still waited a good 30-40 minutes for our party of 4 to be seated for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. Still, I will take that compared to the hour and half plus waits I've seen here in the past. I gotta say being hungry and watching the other parties food come out as we were waiting for a table was a really big tease. Of course, I had to try their world famous frozen hot chocolate. It was about 105 outside the day we were there so I was especially looking forward to it. I didn't realize that it came in 2 sizes, one a smaller one seemingly meant for one person and a larger one to be shared with several people. Good to know you don't have to get the gigantic one if you just want to try it. I gotta say my expectations were pretty low on it. I just expected a slightly sweeter than normal frappucino. Perhaps because my expectations were so low, I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. Sweet chocolaty goodness but doesn't quite cross the threshold of too sweet. I wouldn't say its one my favorite desserts ever but definitely worth trying if you are a chocolate lover like me. As far as the rest of the food, we all had a hard time deciding since everything on the menu sounded really good and looked really good as it was being brought out to the other tables. I was surprised that the menu did look that good since as I had mentioned in a previous review, all I saw people eating before was prepackaged salads. Well that must have been from the takeout menu because the restaurant food looked much more desirable. I ended up getting the summer brie turkey sandwich and everyone else got burgers. I thought my sandwich as well as the accompanying sweet potato fries (again...they are everywhere now!) were really good. But melted brie on almost anything is bound to be good. Everyone was pretty happy with their burgers as well. Why the 3 star rating then? First, the service was pretty bad. Very slow and almost rude at times. Unfortunately, I can't remember any specific incidents but I know all of us were pretty unhappy with the service we received. Second, this spot has arguably the best location on the Vegas strip. Unfortunately, the facilities are not built to accommodate the traffic it receives. The location the way its set up would be prefect if perhaps it was tucked away in the back of a casino. But being right on the center of the strip at one of the busiest hotels- no way! The small and quaint feel as well as the always ridiculous wait just doesn't work for me. It just seems too contrived. Too bad they don't have another more low key location in Vegas. The food was good enough for me to go again. Too  bad the rest of the experience didn't make up for it.
5	Im going to be having Dreams about this place for days!!!!! One of the best restaurants i've been too!...Everything was perfect!i wasn't expecting much from it, its a pretty pink house and the inside is even prettier..i thought it was going to be all looks, and i noticed everyone in the resturant  had desserts on their tables.So i figured since theyre known for their desserts that the food wasnt going to be all that....It was 5 of us, and each one of our plates was AMAZING, DELICIOUS, AND SO FULL OF FLAVOR!!....i was in awe, i wasn't expecting the meals to be this great!...yoi can use quality ingredients, and the portions arent bad either....all of us had leftovers and couldnt wait to grub on them later that night.I dont think you can go wrong no matter what you get at this place.....next time im going for another meal AND the frozen hot Chocolate!
3	I went here for lunch with a friend from Chicago after the backstage tour of Jubilee!  Everything was very good.  We shared a Margherita pizza with sun dried tomatoes and Italian sausage, and we each had a Frozen Hot Chocolate for dessert.  The place was quite busy, and our 25 minute wait promised when I left my name with the hostess turned into a 10 minute wait.  We were seated indoors on the 100+ degree day.  It was quite a fun place.I want to come back and try one of their salads and maybe their deep fried Oreo cookie sundae.
1	8/14/101 stars for service but 4 stars for the Jackpot Sundae!...the Sundae was simply amazing...chocolate and strawberry icecream with chocolate and strawberry syrup and much more...If you don't want to wait, it's first come first serve at the bar...we had waited about 30 minutes before the hostess told us about this...WTH? We were sort of upset at the way the bartenders treated us...they had made EXTRA frozen hot chocolate..the BF simply asked if we could pay extra just to try a little shot/cup of it to see what it was like because it was our first time there!...he just shook his head and said we had our dessert coming up and DUMPED it down the drain...OKAY..fine...it didn't hurt to ask...SO A NEW group 2 couples, young, pretty, NOT Asian like us apparently show up and have a seat and they (bartenders) are drooling over the girls...apparently 1 girl has never tried their famous frozen hot chocolate...so what does the bartender do? HE GIVES her ENTIRE CUP for FREE to TRY...WTF is that about? Seriously? RIGHT IN FRONT OF US TOO...OMG...the BF and I looked at each other like...did he just really do that? After that it went downhill...truly...Given that I'm about all about being open-minded...I did my best to give the guys there the benefit of the doubt, but this was seriously Ridiculous...I don't think we'll ever be going back there again...
4	This is a review based only on the famous Frrrrozen Hot Chocolate which we purchased at a window to the side of the restaurant.  Rather than dining inside, my husband and I just wanted something to refresh us under the hot desert sun and we weren't disappointed!  What is a frozen hot chocolate you ask?  It's the richness of hot chocolate blended into an icy goodness that's just perfect for a hot day!  Whipped cream and chocolate shavings topped it off.  It was so good I purchased a container of the mix to bring back home to make it myself :)
1	Cute concept, bad food.  I tried this place for two reasons. One I gave into my hunger. Two I fell into peer pressure. There was a long wait for inside the restaurant and a slightly shorter wait for outside to go. I weighed the restaurant's wait against more menu options.  Their restaurant menu didn't seem worth the wait. Outside the line wasn't moving that quickly. I was hoping their food was at least o.k. I had a nagging feeling this might not be the case. I should've listened to my instinct. I got their signature frozen hot chocolate and pretzel with cheese. My friend got cheesy fries. Another friend got nachos. The frozen hot chocolate tasted like a bad chocolate slushy. Everything else was mediocre. I could've bought the same thing at Circle K for cheaper. The restaurant's decor was cheesy. I wouldn't go back.
3	I've been here 7 times. All 6 times were decent but the last time was Saturday. It was horrible.  We first went to the express line and said no whip cream on all of them and what happens? Whip cream on every single drink. The express line has the worse tasting nacho and chips. I wouldn't even eat them if they were free! I was very unhappy so I asked for us to be seated this time.  We ordered another frozen hot chocolate w/out whip cream and what happens again?? Whip cream! By this time we were annoyed. So, I was super excited to get my nachos with sour cream meat guacamole. What happens? The meat is SOOOO SALTY. We took 2 bites and we couldn't even eat anymore.Since the 6th times were decent, I give you a 3 star. It did make me not want to come back after the 7th time. Sadness.Tip: if you're going to just get the famous frozen hot chocolate the express line is WAY FASTER and even gives you more.  I thought that it was less but when I poured the hot chocolate from eating at a restaurant it was way less.So Express line for drinks is way more worth it!
4	The wait for a table sucks! However, the desserts are the reason I'm a fan. Two recent visit to Las Vegas; each time a stop here. The Double Frozen Hot Chocolate is great. It has everything I love. There are other desserts and food to eat as well but it's mainly the desserts for me! It's part of Caesars Palace however it's on the corner outside. If you go, be prepared for a wait.
4	Ok i'll make a confession, the only reason I've heard of or even cared about Serendipity was because I find Kate Beckinsale hot and want to make her my movie star wife...In all seriousness, places that have the reputation of being a cute, girly, dessert oriented place don't make it high on my priority list and I usually need someone of the female persuasion to convince me to go.  But when my friend and his GF suggested we meet up there for lunch, I thought, 'sure why not' after hearing their food menu is actually quite good.So cut to a sunny Sat afternoon in front to Caesars Palace and we had to wait about 30 min for our table to open up, chilling (literally) in the mist enhanced sunshade tent which was a nice service to offer.  For those who didn't want to wait for a table there is an outdoor 'to go' window althought I suspect some of them had to wait almost as long for their food, and by that time their frozen hot chocolates were probably halfway melted (more on that later).What can I say, aside from the glaringly obvious presence of a fully lit LA style martini bar in the corner of the dining area (for the men who are desperately trying to salvage the last shreds of their masculinity) with sports on the plasma tvs, the decor is as cute and pink as one would expect.  And the dining crowd by my visual estimate was at least 70-80% female, complete with GFs, wives, kids, grandmas, all in all and very kid friendly place.All 3 of us decided to go for their brunch menu items, altho the burgers and other non breakfast items looked equally mouth watering, but I wanted to save my stomach for another burger place.  I opted for the Hangover's Omelette which was a light and fluffy yet massive mega-omelette complete with cheese, sausage, bacon and french fries INSIDE the egg wrap.  Other items on the table included eggs benedict which I thought was quite good and the monster sized 'french toast log' complete with breakfast potatos, ice cream, fruit and bacon on the side.  The log was big enough to feed all of us, to be honest.Now the frozen hot chocolate, yes I've heard all about it and no, I never paid attn to the yelp photos.  I was expecting something the size of a Starbucks frappucino but my god this was huge.  They come in 2 sizes and while my friends got the classic hot choc, I wanted to try the white chocolate version to change things up.  Coming in 2 sizes I wisely chose the 'one man' size and when I got it....it looked no smaller than the portion for 2, and while normally I wouldn't complain about getting more for my money, this was too much for me and I couldnt even finish what I took to go.  Honestly, there should be a 'baby bear' size to go with the momma and poppa bear sizes.  I know I'm in the minority in this, but that's ok.For those who try to get into the famed flagship NY store with their supposed 3 hr waits, you honestly might save a little time flying into vegas hop over to the Vegas one and fly back.  No i'm not serious but if you happen to be in LV, definitely try it out.
3	This is my second time here because my first experience was amazing. The service I received, the food, and atmosphere were wonderful and I wanted to share that with some friends. It is Restaurant Week until September 5 and I was excited to see Serendipity on the list. Sad to say, I was devastated and disappointed by tonight's experience.After being seated, our server immediately asks us what we'd like to order. We weren't greeted or welcomed and he didn't even give us his name. Not even a smile and barely any eye contact whatsoever during the entire night. We tell him we were here for Restaurant Week (because there is a separate menu) and he had no idea what we were talking about and made that very clear in a rude manner. We were somewhat familiar with the menu items from viewing it online and asked if this or that was part of it and he would just reply "yes" or "no" and finally brought out the different menu.Our server never asked for our drink orders and had us choose all three courses right away and just brought out water afterwards. We only saw our server when he brought out the food or there were plates to be cleared. Getting a refill was nearly impossible. I had to get the attention of a hostess. I watched the server's interaction with his other tables and they were just as poor. We were hesitant to speak with a manager because we didn't want to risk our food being tampered with and waited until the end of our meal.The manager was great and showed appreciation of the feedback but replied that our specific server had received numerous complaints. My concern then is why is this server still doing a bad job and why is he still employed? It looked as if he was angry or having a bad day but once you come to work, you leave that at the door. If it wasn't for the manager handling the situation the way he did, I would have never thought of coming back.
2	I came here with 2 friends and we did not have an enjoyable dinner. The service is slow and the food is overpriced and not very good.My friends had an omelet and both of them could not finish even half of the omelet.I had the caprese salad which the only thing that was good about it was the tomatoes. They used beautiful red, yellow and green heirloom tomatoes. But I did not enjoy the glob of "wet cheese" they slabbed in the middle of the plate or the oily over-poured dressing. So... they have a good tomato supplier.My friends decided to order the veggie burger to split since they were still hungry... I tasted the burger and it was pretty good itself. The patty reminded me of a giant fat Dr. Praegers frozen veggie burger. The waiter said they do hand make it in house. The execution of the burger was blah. Big dry white bun, lettuce tomato and avocado. Dry. For the price, you can do better.Last hope! We tried the frozen hot chocolate to salvage the meal. Hmmm... its kindof of like ovaltine. Its more melty/watery consistency, not smooth and creamy.Very expensive for all that disappointment :(
5	Super good food! And it helped that we had a coupon for a free frozen hot chocolate, with a purchase of any entree! We got the coupons from our hotel, because our hotel is part of the Harrah's hotel chain. I got the ABC burger, and the boyfriend got the Vegas Strip Sandwich, which by the way, was HUGE! The burger was very yummy, topped with grilled onions, avocados, and a thick piece of meat. I also got the sweet potato fries. And the fries were amazing! The sandwich was huge! It came with steak, bacon, and egg! My boyfriend got the steak fries, and they were huge! Like the size of my fingers! And then afterwards I had the frozen hot chocolate, and it was so yummy! The best part of the whole dessert was that it was topped with whipped cream, and there were sprinkles of chocolate shavings on top of the frozen hot chocolate.
3	I am somewhere in between 3 and 4 stars.It was approximately 1 - 1.5 hours of wait for both dining in and take out. I was willing to wait because I've heard such great things about Serendipity so I had to try it.The Frozen Hot Chocolate was DELICIOUS! However, it's a bit pricey and don't really think I'd wait another hour and a half to pay $6 for Frozen Hot Chocolate. The music in the restaurant was way too loud and I wasn't able to hear the people I was with nor could I hear the waiter. The service was excellent. The food was mediocre.
4	This is a cute little place located outside to Caesar's Palace.  There is a sit-down restaurant inside and a to-go window outside.  We opted to order from the to-go window because we were only looking for an afternoon snack.  We got a Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, a Frrrozen Mochaccino, and a giant doughnut.  Everything was plentiful and yummy!  I definitely recommend sharing because the portions are crazy big.  Five of us shared one doughnut!  The drinks were excellent!  It's icy chocolatey goodness.  The hot chocolate flavor is there and the ice from the smoothie doesn't water it down at all.  It was an excellent way to cool off in the Vegas heat.
2	I don't get the big deal about this place.  I heard something about the NYC location being a big deal, maybe in a movie or something.. yeah it's trendy, so what?  Here's the quick and dirty -- The service is slow and lacks precision, poise, and confidence; the food is overpriced and lousy.  I've said it before, I'll say it again: with so many options in Vegas why would you waste your money??
2	THANK GOODNESS I LOVE Kate Beckinsale and John Cusack in the movie, Serendipity, enough to want to experience this restaurant - even if it's not the one in NY.Location? LOVE. Although it's right outside of Caesar's Palace and all by itself.As far as the SERVICE?  Fail, FAIL, fail, fail - what a joke.  You have got to be kidding me.  No one knows WTF they're doing there or their purpose of working at that place is, everyone is completely disheveled and unorganized and probably high off of something.Prices? EHH, not so much worth it. I'd rather eat a full meal (which I did beforehand) than spend way too much money for average food there.I went there with 3 other people to get a taste of their frozen hot chocolate (I've heard wonders about it) and thank god that made up for the terrible service we received.  I've read on here that the wait time to be seated is obnoxious ... we didn't EVEN have to wait (maybe because it was a weekday).  In fact, the restaurant wasn't even CLOSE to being full, but we ended up waiting for SERVICE. Can't ever win with this restaurant, can you?The hostess sat us down and we waited at our table right under the Serendipity poster (ooh so exciting, for me at least!) for about 10 minutes with about 3 waiters/waitresses walking by our table multiple times.  Did anyone offer to take our order?  No.  We even managed to go out of our way from looking at the menu, to purposely lock eyes with the employees breezing on by, and NOT ONE WORD from any one of them.  I even saw from what looked like to be the manager, "managing" the kitchen (which is in plain view for customers).  It's too bad that that 'manager' obviously doesn't know how to manage their employees.  Thank you beautiful, Kate & John, for being so romantic on that poster hanging on the wall and for entertaining me for that 10 minutes of no service.So, while attempting not to die from heat exhaustion, all 4 of us got up and walked to the bar.  You think if you physically got up and moved to a location with a bartender, you'd get some service.  Bahahaha, NO!  Not at all.  After 5 minutes of sitting at the bar with unpleasant facial expressions written across all of our faces, the bartender finally noticed us.  After he handed us menus, we told him that we had already sat down, no one helped us at the table so that's why we went to the bar, and we obviously already knew what we wanted to order./// Bartender: "Oooh, so you already sat down eh?  Oh well I'm sorry about that [obviously not in a genuine voice, more like a 'sucks to be you!' tone]. Well, you know there's more than those flavors listed on the menu for the frozen hot chocolate.  We have a menu just for the frozen hot chocolate flavors."I don't care if you have a WHOLE other menu just for frozen hot chocolate, I just wanted to order my double oreo frozen hot chocolate and indulge in its party-in-your-mouth taste.After enjoying the frozen hot chocolate (which is huge, wish there was less whip cream in it) we ended up waiting another 10 minutes to get our bill ....... then another 5 minutes for the bartender flirting with the single chicks on the side of us to give us our bill ......... and another 5 minutes for him to take our credit cards and swipe them ........ and then, well, MORE WAITING.I would only go back here IN DESPERATION to get the frozen hot chocolate because the experience was SHITTY and the food's EXTREMELY over-priced. I've had better experiences from casino waitresses on the gambling floor. Other than that, I'd rather hold out and go to the original one in New York. Good luck, future victims!
1	A disappointment in service and quality. Wish we had tried Sugar Factory or returned to Vosges Haut-Chocolat. Waited in line to order at the walk-up window, as others have done. When it was time to place our order, the attendant was not paying attention. We had to repeat our order multiple times (a small Peanut Butter Frozen Hot Chocolate) since he was having more fun conversing with a co-worker. Next, we moved forward to the pick-up window where there were some annoyed looking people. We waited. We watched those in the kitchen --- some working, others standing around. We waited. Those around us waited. Every once in awhile an order came up -- typically orders for a few scoops of ice cream. More time passed. Orders placed after ours were called. Other orders before ours still were not ready. Person at the window started to make a frozen drink at one point, then stopped. Tickets were rearranged -- one thrown away. Time kept ticking. Finally, we asked about our order and when it would be ready. Guy at the window looked at his tickets and did not have ours. Perhaps ours had been the order that we had seen him throw away earlier? Or, maybe the person who took our order never put it in the right spot? Either way, he was rude about it and wanted our ticket, which we gave to him. Next, he went back to the frozen drink that he started to make earlier and gave it to us. If we hadn't been there watching, I think he would have spit in it based on his attitude. Drink was too sweet to be enjoyable.
3	So, Serendipity 3 it is for the 3rd meal of the "Vegas Food Tour". The girlfriend and I decided to try this place out for lunch since it was convenient and also because they were participating in restaurant week during our stay. They offered a pre-fixed 3-course menu for around $30.10 each. This was a great deal but we always do such an awful job ordering and we always tend to over order 90% of the time. So we both went for the 3 course meal for lunch, and BTW 3-courses for lunch is ALWAYS overkill. But what the hell we were in Vegas.Appetizers:Kobe Sliders - Nothing really special about the sliders just the usual run of the mill mini burger. It definitely wasn't the worst but it wasn't the best either.Tropical Tuna Tacos - These tacos were a pleasant surprise! For some reason I was expecting some cooked tuna in a corn tortilla. But instead we got a pretty large portion of sliced raw tuna in a hard shell with mango salad on top. The flavor was amazing. The mango salad complimented the tuna wonderfully. This was probably my favorite dish of the afternoon.Main Course:Spaghetti and Meatballs - The meatballs in this dish were pretty delicious. Nice size and flavor. The sauce... not so much. The sauce tasted like it was from a can... =(. But if you are eating lunch at serendipity I would suggest on passing this dish because it is just way too much. I barely even touched half of the dish, the portion was humongous!The Full Monty - Grilled All White Chicken Breast, Melted Monterrey Jack Cheese, Grilled Red Onion, Arugula, Bacon & BBQ Sauce on Ciabatta Bread. This was actually pretty damn good, a lot better than the spaghetti and meatballs. This was once again pretty large sandwich so order accordingly. Oh yeah, it also came with some sweet potato fries and those were nom nom nom. Dessert:This is where we made the mistake. With this menu we ended up with TWO Frozen Hot Chocolates! This is was wayyyy too much. In my opinion, one is good enough for two. So we barely even touched our second Frozen Hot Chocolate, we wanted to give it away but we had already taken a sip of it (I know we are creepy). We ended up getting the classic and the Oreo flavor. The OREO was way better than the classic. The classic seemed tasteless, but on the other hand the Oreo one was super sweet! To each his own. I wasn't too impressed by these "Infamous" frozen hot chocolates. The service was great but the food was just average. If you are planning to eat here we sat on the patio and that added a nice touch to our lunch!
2	honestly, i was very disappointed when i came here for frozen hot chocolate.i frequent both new york and vegas, so when i saw that they opened one here i was quite excited and was looking forward to their signature dessert.it was nothing like the original one in new york!!first, i thought it was smart that they made a take out counter to avoid the 2hour line, but i'd rather wait that extra hour and 55min if i knew their drink tasted that bad.first, it was watered down, second, i had chunks of unblended ice in my drink!! this branch does not give serendipity 3 a good image at all...so if you never tried it and heard of it, wait for new york.
5	YUMMY, YUMMY, YUMMY.  Awesome food and service.  I go there every time I'm in Vegas.
3	I hate waiting in the heat for almost an hour to sit down to a rude ass waiter. Please..calm your nerves...you work in a dessert place...eat some sugar. Please don't ask me if I saw the hostess before we sat down because we only ordered dessert. No duh? She sat us down did she not?After a few snotty remarks, I got up to join my other girlfriends sitting at another table. Their waitress was really sweet and I made some comment about how nice she was compared to our waiter.Low and behold, when I got back to my table, the waiter was replaced with someone so much more pleasant!We ordered but our dessert was accidentally mixed up with another order. Our new waitresses came back a few minutes later apologizing for it and gave us our new dessert free of charge. I'm not a big fan of the food here. It's over priced and not that great.  The desserts are a much better bet to get here.
4	Frrrozen hot chocolate? I thought my friends were a bit kooky when they suggested this frozen treat. They were spot on with their raves. It wasn't your usual "shake" or  "malted". My little friend and I got the double so we could share. Good idea, we didn't even drink/eat it all. Although I didn't order the brownie sundae and neither did anyone in my party, I did taste it. Phenomenal! You're wondering how I accomplished this huh? Well, I look over at the table next to us and see a guy with this monstrous sundae in front of him. I lean over with my fork like I'm going to steal a bite, mischevious look and all. To my surprise, my new friend holds out the untouched sundae and invites me to help myself. Mama didn't raise no dummy, I took a big bite and ate it with my eyes closed so I could taste every component. I need to share that with someone next time.As far as the food. Meh. I think I'll stick to desserts. Not that the food wasn't good, it just wasn't anything spectacular for the price. I had the asparagus omelet which was good but nothing to write home about. That's OK, they can focus their attention on their desserts. Fine by me.
4	I've heard a lot of people rave about Serendipity 3 but mostly from the New York location. Finally i got to try it! The food was okay not incredibly delicious, kobe beef sliders were cute but it was just okay. Then on to Dessert!! most of the 4 stars went to the dessert haha. Ofcourse i had to try their famous Frozen hot chocolate, the single serving was enough for two people for $10. I never had it before so my taste buds went crazy for it!!! They have a wide variety of desserts from different sundaes to different dessert drink combinations for sure ill be back for those! Overall I would recommend this place to people. I've heard that the wait is bad during weekends but we were seated right away:] Its a really fun and hip atmosphere great with friends and for lunch. I know it does get a little pricy for what you get but the Frozen Hot Chocolate was well worth it!oh yeaa.. REALLY cute interior!!
4	Whenever I come to Vegas, there are only a couple of places I crave to go. Jean Phillippes, Firefly, and Serendipity. I have a sweet tooth so you can see why I rated this restaurant 4 stars. Simple American staple foods with a little flare to it and their frozen hot chocolate is a must if you'venever had it. If you bring a friend or two with you, I'm confident that ordering one frozen hot chocolate will satisfy three people. I love their brownie sundaes, big portions of ice-cream, fudge, and brownies. This is a perfect place to go in Sin City if you want to indulge in your food pleasures.
5	Loved it!  It was the same style as the New York one, only more Vegas. The food was eh, but who cares about the food when they go there?  Its all about the Frozen Hot Chocolate for 2 and mine was fan-freakin-tastc!  Love it. Always love it.
4	Three words: FROZEN. HOT. CHOCOLATE.It took 15 minutes for us to get our order but definitely worth the wait. $10 for a regular FHC but it really hits the spot. Mmm Mmm, chocolately goodness. You might want to split it with another person, or two, because it's a lot of sweetness even for one sugar fiend.
4	I made a good decision had not yelped this before stopping in, I myself felt drawn to the Frozen Hot Chocolate while vacationing in Vegas a week ago.What an amazing concept, using hot cocoa mix as the "chocolate" instead of a syrup! I think its not as overpoweringly sweet using this concoction, and has just the right thickness, where you aren't sitting there suffering from loss of air trying to force the drink through the straw. Large (for two) $16. I'm thinking that the small would have done just fine, cause the large was well large, ha! I'm a fan!
4	i dont think there was anything i didnt like about this place. wait wasn't bad at all for labor day weekend. our server was super nice! the food was amazingly good. i shared a burger & fries, salad, and a frozen hot chocolate with a friend and it was enough for both of us.. i think i would've enjoyed the frozen hot chocolate more if we didnt eat such a big meal before but it was alright, it wasn't as great as i thought it would be. but i think the next time i come here, i'll only order the frozen hot chocolate.. maybe i'll appreciate it more because i won't have such a huge meal before hand..
4	Of course everyone loves the frozen hot chocolate, and its so typical to rave about it.Well here is me being typical.  After a shaky experience at Pink's I was worried about another national treasure being dragged through the mud by the homogenizing beast that is Las Vegas... but I was pleasantly surprised!Not only did they honor the original Upper East Side menu, they added some original Las Vegas treats as well!Of course I had frozen hot chocolate, and of course it was delicious... the taste took me right back to the cramped upstairs of the original Serendipity 3!The only thing that made me kind of sad was the enormous dining room... don't get me wrong, I love that they can seat as many people as they can, and comfortably... but there's still a certain charm to the elbow to elbow space in the original!
1	This rating is based purely on drinks. We did not order food.  ok. so this was when we were walking down the strip and they hand you those BOGOF coupons for drinks. So, we figured, ok why not, esp in this heat. We walked and sat at the bar and ordered margaritas. $12. WTH?. oh I get it Charge double for what You'd normally charge and then claim BOGOF. They then proceed to give us what I can only imagine is a frozen snow cone that tasted more like pancake syrup than it did a mixed drink. i.e. (if y ou've ever had one of those 99cent margaritas at Texas Station or Bills gambling hall but sweeter!) OMG it was awful. I couldnt even finish mine. why waste the calories on something you hate? So my bf finished it for me or at least tried to. Then walks in a couple who sat nxt to us and they had the same coupon. Oh no.. I thought. They don't know and it was too late. He ordered. Bad decision... So I did the samirtan thing and warned him of what just happened to us. and that he might want to order an add'l glass of water to wash down the complete glucose solution he was about to consume. OH this man was outraged! He demanded to speak to the manager. The staff dribbled and messed around but never ever got this guy a manager. He was so upset he started ranting and kept asking, "what kind of rip off is this?" He worked himself up so much and still couldnt get a single staff member to own up to actually being a manager the guy finally just walked out. Not sure he paid but I'm sure he did. Please w/e you do... do not order drinks here! If you do order beer and make sure its sealed.. they might try to pour water in your beverage to cut down on cost b/c let me tell you they sure don't put tequila in their margaritas.
5	Ice Cream is like clouds in heaven!Setting: kind of like a modern day diner. Be prepared to wait for a long time ~15-30 min maybe. depending the size of your party. I came here with 10 and of course it was going to be a long wait, but when I came with 2 I still waited ~20+ min. Service: no too hot. waited hella long to order. We didn't even get water when we were sitting. After we were done, it took forever to get the bill. We only saw our waiter ~2 times, if that. Yeah the place was busy but still, service is very important. So my rating is more like a 4.5 because the ice cream absolutely out weights the service.Dish: Audrey's can't say no sundaeI loved this combo of ice cream! the coffee was not TOO coffee tasting and sweet enough to my likely. The vanilla was creamy and tasteful, not airy at all! They gave just the right amount of toppings and banana as well. You don't have to worry about having too much ice cream left with no toppings, or too much toppings without ice cream. This is my all time favorite ice place ever!!!
5	I want to give a big thanks and a great review for Serendipity 3.  I had my wedding reception here after getting married at Caesars Palace.  A total of 20 people attended and we reserved seating on the outside patio facing the fountains of Caesars.  The service was great. The atmosphere was fun and quirky and fit the vibe of my wedding night. The food was delicious.  All my guests got full and happy.  They presented my cake and then cut it and served it with berries and cream.  I just felt so happy being here for such a special occasion.
2	Haven't been to the one in NYC... But this one is, "BLAH".Frozen Hot Chocolate, their signature thingie majiggy that was in the movie... It basically tastes like powdered hot chocolate, like the ones I used to have as a kid, frozen... Then tossed into a blender when it's being served. My GF and I shared the regular sized one for $10... It was pretty rich but the massive amount of whipped cream assisted to tone it down.Other than this signature beverage, I wasn't really WOW'd by it. I guess it's just one of those things that you just have to try and see for yourself whether or not you're going to like it since there's so much hype over it. Decor was cute and we sat outside and had a view of the street. It was a little warm but the fans kinda helped move the hot air around LOL.Return visit? Probably, I'd like to try the food but FHC will not be on my agenda the next time.
4	It's all about the frozen hot chocolate!!!!  Love it!!  Just wish there was another location besides on the strip.
3	My buddies always rave about this place. This weekend I finally got the chance to see what all the hype was about. I was crunched for time, so I didn't dine in but opted to go to their "express" window, which was still a pretty long wait. I guess this place is popular, indoors and out.During the long wait, I started getting hungry--and their snacks started to seem more and more appetizing. After careful scrutiny, I decided to order the Frozen Hot Chocolate (their signature beverage) and a Jalapeno Cheddar Bacon Pretzel.One was awesome, the other was not. The Frozen Hot Chocolate was very sweet and definitely refreshing, a nice way to cool off from the scorching Vegas heat.  Don't expect it to quench your thirst though, because it's more of a cool dessert than it is a drink.Jalapeno Cheddar Bacon Pretzel was entirely forgettable. This thing was humungous--over 1 foot in length, curved into an "S" shape. But it was not fresh, not hot, not tasty, and extremely salty. Overall just a bad pretzel.But a bad pretzel is not enough to make me completely avoid this place forever--I'll give this joint another chance. Maybe next time I'll actually dine in: their list of desserts sure did look appetizing...
4	Frrrrrrrozen hot chocolate!!!  I would fly to vegas just to have this tasty treat at Serendipity! We went to brunch.  I had the chicken (half of a chicken) and bacon waffles.  Chicken was good!  The bacon waffles was a bit much.  I should have just gotten plain waffles.  Two people could share this dish!  It was too much food.  There were five us that shared the frozen hot chocolate for two.  We could barely finish this monster!  We were soo stuffed but we were able to finish it!  My missing star was for the slow service.  Our server was really nice but the food took so long to come out.  And it wasn't even crowded!  On a Saturday afternoon, at noon, at least half the restaurant was empty.  Not sure why the food took so long to come out though.
5	5 stars for the Frozen Hot Chocolate!!!You can either dine in or there's a window for take-out outside. The dine-in area is really cute for a day-date. :)Price of the FHC is a little steep at $10 for a single serving or $14 for a double, but it's worth it! Perfect sweetness...not overly sweet, not gritty from ice...it's perfection!I wish we had this in Hawaii! It's the perfect PMS-fix!Tip: Don't stray away from the original flavor. I tried the coffee one and it's nowhere near the awesomeness of the original FHC!!!
4	LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! LOVE their frozen hot chocolate!! i tried my friends regular frozen hot chocolate and i had the ore frozen hot chocolate . OMG they were so delicious.....and filling. i also had the chili cheese fries. they were good, but i was still pretty full from the drink and barely touched it. the fries were nice and crispy, had plenty of cheese and chili on it. and it had a good spicy kick to it. when i am back in vegas i am coming back for their frozen hot chocolates!
1	Fail. After having walked by this place a bunch of times as a local, a buddy and I decided to give it a try. We were looking for a quick bite and regular food at regular prices. Prices are a bit high but it is the Strip so we ducked in to see it.We were seated quickly but the music was so loud inside we couldn't hear each other or the waiter (and no we are not old and we regularly attend rock concerts). So we moved outside. Same thing. Terribly loud. You had to shout at each other. We didn't even make it to the food. Had a $4 iced tea and left. Didn't enjoy the atmosphere at all. Really targeted at the tween audience.Went to the Burger Bar in Mandalay Place instead. Love that place.
5	On the LV strip, outside of Caesar's Palace..this NY landmark is now in LV.  I never went to the one in NY and was glad to see this here.  Instead of waiting 45 minutes for a table, we decided to sit at the empty bar so we could enjoy food and drinks before we headed out to PH to go see Peepshow.  (anyways, that's another review)Serendipity is a cool, hip spot with a menu 3 times the size of my head and trust me, i got a big head! LOLWe opted for the kobe beef sliders, french fries and of course the Frozen Hot Chocolate.  As for drinks, I only had a beer and my friend had a blueberry peach mojito and a cran/vodka.  The kobe beef sliders we so tasty and cooked/seasoned very well.  It was so melt in your mouth and after having 4 of them along with their tasty crisp fries, it was quite enough!The frozen hot chocolate was ridiculous! I've always heard of this but never experienced what others have.  Truly one of the best desserts i've had in my life.  Thank god we didnt get the "for 2" cup hahaaa  Unbelieveable dessert...I wonder if i can order the mix online??
5	its one of those places and think...dam frozen hot chocolate, why didn't I think of that! urhg! brain freeze! Anyway, it was my first time here and had the original frozen hot chocolate while my besties has the peanut butter frozen hot chocolate. Usher said it best OMG!  I didn't realize it but the decor in this place was pretty cute, very girlie with little lamps on ea table and the cartoon looking chandeliers, awesomeness! makes you want to take picture of every little thing! We ordered our drinks and ordered a carrot cake of all things and decided to share. AND let me tell you, thank goodness we shared because the waitress ending up bringing out a carrot cake from out of this world! Freaking thing was seven layer tall and 4 times as big as any slice of cake! but it was so rich and delicious! I saw a lot of people eat lunch here although we only had dessert, everything looked amazing, I will definitely be back!
4	Definitely a dessert only place for me.  Love the deep fried oreo sundae and strawberry cheesecake sundae.  First time we went there for date night I had the brie burger which was okay, but realized brie is meant to be eaten with crackers :)  Went back a second time with the kids and again the food was just okay.  However, the desserts are huge, delicious and the restaurant is a fun place to hang out at on the strip.  We often take visitors there to have dessert.
3	This place is pretty romantic, really kinda reminds me of the movie.  The frozen hot chocolate is pretty good.  But kinda dissapointed that it's made from a mix.  This takes away from the romance of the drink.  My suggestion serendipity, maybe take it to the back, don't make this in front of customers. Seeing that process, I feel kinda ripped off that I just paid $10 bucks for that!  I feel like I should only be paying 50 cents, cause thats how much a pack of hot chocolate mix will cost me.  Ok, may 75 cents cause of the whipped cream.  I wanted to try other things on the menu, but I was still full from the 2 buffets I had earlier that day, thanks to the 7/24 buffet wristband.  But i will save that for another review.
4	Went here on a packed Saturday night for a frozen hot chocolate with the boyfriend. He also got an alcoholic root beer float. We were going to get a table but about 10 minutes after waiting a bartender came out and asked us if we would like to sit at the bar, which we said yes and walked right in. Service was excellent and the bartender always made sure we were okay and had everything we needed.This hot chocolate is so huge even for two, we could barely finish it. Wonderful presentation and it would be great for a comfortable 4th+ date since you can both sip through the straws and make googly eyes at each other. Aww. His root beer float was pretty good, I couldn't taste the alcohol which could have either meant it was a good or bad thing!Overall the place was decorated nicely, very clean, and had helpful staff, and the dessert drinks we had were delicious albeit a tad pricey, but very good. Excellent stop for dessert for sure, I loved it here :)
5	A Hot August day in Vegas ...ugh need water NO what's that up ahead? Ahhh Serendipity! like my favorite movie hmm okay walked in.... nice deco tables full and aroma of food yummy in here hmmm spotted their famous frozen hot chocolate *thinking... We got a table ,waitress was very nice. Still thinking is this frozen chocolate gonna be too sweet or something I will not like ? placed my order took one sip and OMG!  Best ever and perfect .I'm not in Vegas and craving It right bout NOW..... Go and sip on one YuMmmmmm
3	It's a tourist attraction and a local's lure. They're big on going BIG. You have to give it a try just once. They don't take reservations, which is kind of annoying, but oh well, plenty of people watching to entertain you while you wait...I have been twice, (sit on the balcony for people watching!)For the first time: we got just dessert. We ordered 2 sundaes for 6 people and there were still left overs!! We had the fried Oreo sundae (which i have no recollection of) and another called "can't say no sundae," not my favorite because of my disliking for peanut butter. Second time: appetizers, drinks, and dessert. Macaroni and cheese, artichoke dip, and WAFFLE FRIES. These were all good, but nothing extraordinary... Drinks: peanut butter frozen hot chocolate (again, peanut butter mixed with dessert isn't my fave) and a Pina Colada because they were out of some root-beer drink that is supposed to be tasty. For the finale, it was a banana split that was equally huge as it was cliche. Good place to come for fun and groups. You will spend some extra for food that is average, but it's Vegas baby!!
2	Little girls dream of places like Serendipity's, and after seeing in films and hearing the buzz about this place, I gave it a shot.  We made reservations and showed up early but we seated promptly.  If you don't make reservations during the typical lunch and dinner hours, you'll get stuck with a long wait time.  The place vomits pink.  My husband said "put one leg on each side of the entrance door and [expletive deleted]".  You get the picture.  I personally feel that someone took Barbie, let her drink a shroom shake, smoke a joint, drop acid and gave her some XTC and let her loose in this place.  I personally hate frilly and girly decor, so to each his own.The service is fair, but when busy it seems they forget you exist for a few minutes.  When we finally did get our order in and receive our food (burger and fries), I was disappointed.  I expect more from this place, for some reason, and to have mediocre food that isn't even pleasant to my palette, i get depressed.  The food depressed me.  The only happy ending was having a frozen hot chocolate to share before leaving.I will never step into this pink nightmare again.  Given that people love this place, I personally cannot bring myself to eat their mediocre food and pay hotel restaurant prices for it.  Although the service deserves a 3, the food, alas, deserves nothing more than 2 stars at best.Let's hope that Serendipity's improves the quality of their food.  I assume that this is the late night place for people to go where they don't really taste anything but will swear up and down that it's the best thing they've ever tried.  Other than that type of justification, I cannot fathom as to why this place is famous other than their dessert and frozen delights.Come here for the sweets, perhaps, but avoid the menu.  If you do order their food you will leave slightly hunched over and morose at how blah their food is. Dessert: 3.5Service: maybe a 3Menu food: 2 [being nice]
4	Never had to wait more then 20 - 30 min for a seat. So don't get discouraged if  the place is filled. I do wish they had booths or a more intimate setting but it is just ice cream joint. Hubby and I only go for ice cream after dinner. The food is good there but nothing special. A little over priced but maybe because it's on the strip and it's known from the movie. You can get a burger, reuben sandwich, chili cheese fries, etc.. elsewhere. I thought the "to-go" outside ordering area is pretty neat but I never ordered from there. We always dined in. All I'm saying is you can't beat the ice cream/dessert there cause it's so yummy but dinner-wise not worth it. We've learned to share an appetizer and share one ice cream! I personally like the one with the fried oreos!!! nom nom nom!!! We never finish the ice cream anyway. Maybe it's good to share with 3 people to actually finish it all.I guess everyone has to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate once in their lifetime cause of all the hooplah. I actually enjoy the frozen hot chocolate but others say it's not all that great. I can see where they're coming from on that. HAHA They have the 1k or 2k ice cream with gold flakes on the menu. I personally wouldn't spend that much for a damn ice cream. Would you? Even if you had the funds for it?
2	This review is solely for their famous frozen hot chocolate.  I ordered through the to-go line.  A friend and I ordered 1 frozen hot chocolate and 1 small fountain drink for a total of $15.99 inclusive of tax.  It was m-e-e-e-h-h-h, not THAT good.  It left me a thick milky mucus-y texture.  If you like milk shakes, I suppose this would be your kind of thing.  Bottom line, I don't think it was worth it.
4	I'm still a fan of Serendipity but I noticed many changes on their menu since our last visit, which is why I knocked them down 1 star.  A couple things to note - first off, the spinach dip is tasty!  Not super creamy so it's a bit healthier than other spinach dips I've had.  It's served with tortilla chips. Great starter to any meal.Secondly, the Frozen Hot Chocolate remains at 5 stars!  I also tried the Frozen Mochaccino and it tasted very similar except it had bits of coffee beans. I finally had the opportunity to try their NY location & liked it much better.  There's also some variation in the menu & price between the NY and LV locations.
1	NOTE: This review is purely just for the frozen hot chocolate. And please! people...SAVE YOUR MONEY! After hearing all of the rave reviews of the frozen hot chocolate I couldn't wait to try it. It was a hot summer night and instead of waiting in line my friend and I went to the to-go counter on the side (which was convenient, I'll give it that). The drink...is literally some half and half, ice, and cocoa powder blended...or at least that's what it tasted like. Total cost to make it yourself: $.50? Cost at Serendipity: $9! I was pretty flabbergasted that no one else seems to be confused/bothered by this fact. If someone else has had a better experience with this drink, please message me! I really don't mind waiting until my next trip to NY if someone tells me that it's amazing there.
4	The mini kobe sliders were delicious.The man wanted a beer, I wanted FHC - worked out.His chili cheese dog came out a reincarnation of the bachelorette dog - I didn't taste it - but the chili-cheese was ok tasting.I tried the heirloom tomato salad this time around- which had beautiful tomatoes, a sprinkle of basil and generous burrata. I'd split that with someone next time. Normally, I don't mention sweet potato fries - but for some reason Serendipity3 has theirs perfect.
4	I decided to try Serendipity 3 because for one the Serendipity in New York is amazing and two frozen hot chocolate just sounded good.I went with my mom and friend who have never been to Serendipity and we treated ourselves to potato skins and a frozen hot chocolate. Just a little note, they give you a lot of food so the potato skins were enough to fill me up.The potatoes were really yummy and had a lot of toppings. They weren't greasy at all which is always a great thing. The frozen hot chocolate hit the spot but of course, even sharing it, it didn't get finished. I will say, as weird as this sounds, the frozen hot chocolate offered at Serendipity in New York tastes different but that could just be me :)Gotta add that the service was great! Our waitress was extremely funny, polite and always made sure that we were doing well.On the way out I naturally had to get a Serendipity mug because the thing is huge and I love my coffee.A word of warning, if you do decide to try this restaurant out please remember that it isn't cheap. You're going to pay a lot of money for a lot places on the Vegas strip. Serendipity is essentially a novelty restaurant IMO, you go there because you've either seen/heard of the movie (yes there is a movie) or because you've been/seen/heard of the actual restaurant (watch the travel channel, I guarantee you'll hear about one of the most expensive sundaes which Serendipity offers).
1	An overrated splurge of ingredients mixed with bright colors all puked over an oddly-positioned location at the base of Caesar's Palace...this place is overrated like no other. A pile of sloppy, powder-cheese nachos, some mountains of what they call "frozen hot chocolate" and $45 later, you're full and wishing you didn't just eat what you ate. So trendy, but all hyped up.
3	It might just be that this is a place you have to fully experience to really enjoy. By that I mean, perhaps you should dine in, have a full, meal, and then top off with one of the many desserts.I ordered my frozen hot chocolate to go, which could have been mistake number one, but I was not trying to stand in the heat for 35 minutes for a table when all I wanted was to try the frozen hot chocolate. I ordered the frozen hot chocolate for two and only waited about 5 minutes before a huge, frothy, behemoth of a frozen drink was placed in my hands. Here's the thing: it was delicious. It's far more spectacular than a Wendy's frosty (yes, I'm making the comparison... and you'll see why soon). A friend of a friend went once and complained that she paid $12 for a big frosty. Well, she's wrong on that count. At first taste, you can tell immediately that the chocolate is special. It's quality and it's generously used throughout. However, it's so quality that all I needed was a sip. The same went for my boyfriend. So, really, a "for two" should have been two shot glasses. It was THAT rich. I don't know if I'll ever order this again, I spent $20 for two sips and left the rest sitting at  Caesar's Palace slot machine for some hungry freegan to find their own "jackpot" but it was worth tasting.
5	I was so excited to hear they opened a Serendipity here.It was a must to come and have a frozen hot chocolate.We arrived in the afternoon and it was packed for a Monday.We had to reserve and wait, but the bar seating was open.It was a treat to sit there because we were able to watch the bartender make some yummy drinks.We had a glass of sangria which was fresh and just good.The frozen hot chocolate was just as I expected. I tried the Peanut Sin City Frrrozen Hot Mocha which had a shot of peanut rum.We also ordered a cheeseburger and sweet potato shoe strings.The sweet potato shoe strings were off the hook. I haven't had sweet potato fries like that.Definitely will come back!
4	Dessert is served!  Why folks come here for the non-dessert options is beyond me.  Its like going to a steakhouse and getting only salad.  Whats the point?  The Vegas twin of the Manhattan landmark is located right on the strip by Caesars Palace so its hard to miss.  The Frozen hot Chocolate in its various incarnations is a staple here which is decent but the hype is a bit extreme over it.  Beware of brainfreeze as you slurp it down!  I go for the Deep Fried Oreos with cookies and creme ice-cream.  Yes, it is a bit over the top, Food porny, crossing the line of decency obscene, but its Vegas right?   Since its on the strip as we all know you are paying out the nose for just about anything.  Also, since its on the strip, the wait can be pretty long as well.  They do have a walk up window that has a limited menu.  I also wish they wouldn't blast the crappy teen pop so loud!  I am sure the wait staff would be happier without it!  Check it out for dessert while on the strip!
2	I had a frozen hot chocolate and immediately felt ripped off. It was the white chocolate, and shouldn't be hyped or cost more than something from Starbucks or a boba shop.
5	We had dessert only.  Initially we were shocked by the price of the desserts - which was replaced by a sense of extreme value when they arrived. We attempted to split a piece of carrot cake - which was enormous!  I think there were ten layers of goodness with great moist cake and rich creamy frosting. Our plan of also splitting a "black and white sundae" backfired because it was huge too!  $14 is a lot for a sundae but it was both huge and high quality ice cream and toppings. Overall, you'll spend a lot but if you are in the mood for sweet goodness you cannot go wrong with Serendipity.
4	Visited the place on the last day of our stay, during our last trip to Vegas. It was a great find. On a Sunday late morning, we had no problem finding seating. The menu had a few good things on it, but we decided to go with the Steakhouse sandwich that was HUGE and TASTY! The frozen hot chocolate was pretty good too, but nothing to ga ga about.Overall, if you're in Vegas and can't figure out where to eat...do yourself a favor and try this place out.
3	After seeing the Phantom of the Opera, we decided to head over to Serendipity.If I remember correctly, it's located adjacent of the Caesar's Palace. There's indoor seating as well as outdoor. The wait wasn't so bad for a summer night. We were given pagers while we waited for a seat in the house.For the food, it's not too bad. Prices aren't steep either, considering it's a tourist attraction. Everything is pretty cheap when comparing to the portions...THEY'RE HUGE! It's diner styled food, they have a good variety of stuff. I really wanted to try the mac n cheese, but it looked way too huge to finish. We ended up sharing the nachos and a frozen hot chocolate. I was satisfied with both! The frozen hot chocolate tastes exactly as it sounds, it has a rich hot chocolate flavor, but it's like a milkshake. Give this place a try if you're in the area!
5	This is the Vegas-ified version of the little charming one in New York City. You can't miss bright pink in front of Caesar's Palace. Although it's not as charming, it's cute and classy in it own way. An LA girl like me can get my frozen hot chocolate fix in the express line instead of waiting over two hours at the New York location.. It tastes just as decadent, sweet, and blissful as I remember. There is also great Serendipity merchandise for sale right at the entrance. The food is excellent. It will definitely be a stop on all Vegas trips moving forward. I ordered the steak sandwich topped with eggs, bacon, and cheese. Yes, it sounds over the top like all things Vegas, but it was delicious. It's an open faced sandwich. It was like eating steak and eggs but with more bread. However, that was not the best dish in the house. My friend ordered a steak sandwich as well, but it was topped with lump crab, asparagus, and a velvety hollandaise sauce instead. I ordered a good dish, but this one better. I was jealous after she was kind enough to offer me a bite. If I were her, I would have pretended it was not good and ate it all for myself. The textures and flavors create a perfect brunch dish after and some late night fun.
4	This is a pretty fun little place - if you like waiting for 45 minutes and then another long wait for the food to come out.Presentation of the food is very fun - lots of long plates with artfully presented... pub food. Think: chicken strips, burgers, hot dogs, etc. Definitely not a health food restaurant. The salad that I saw was piled high with cheese and dressing. The flavors of the food are good bordering on interesting - what you'd expect for a $13 burger, $4 sweet potato fries, and $12 chicken strips. Be sure to get a sundae to split with at least 2 people. We got one made with peanut butter, hot fudge, humble pie, and coffee flavored ice cream, and it was great but so sweet we left 75% in the bowl. There were three of us who couldn't handle the sundae.. it was that big.
3	i really hate waiting in line for things, but i have always wanted to try this place so i decided to suck it up and stand outside for 20 minutes to get a frosty cup of frozen hot chocolate. it was good; worth a short wait in the sunshine, but definitely not worth the hour it would have taken to get a table inside. the outside dining area needs some work, though... the tables are looking pretty shabby.(little did i know that 2 months later i would go on a rather spontaneous trip to nyc, where i could have tried the real thing... but we tried to go there and there was a long wait even at close to 1 am, so i am glad we had it in vegas, after all.)
3	the old ball and chain wanted to come here, so we went here. she wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate. it was good, not great. for something thats suppose to be freezing cold, it wasn't. you won't be getting a brain freeze from this dessert.
4	I've been to the one in New York and had an absolute blast. I was so surprised that they had a Serendipity's in Las Vegas. I knew I had to go and take a look for myself. This place does get pretty busy and the wait is normally 45 mins up to an hour.. I went for brunch and ordered the Lucky 7 which consists of 2 plate size pancakes, 2 sausages ( which the size was the length of my hand ), 3 eggs, and oven roasted potato's. My sister had the club sandwich with sweet potato fries. The portion's were huge then what I expected. As for dessert of course I had to have the Famous Frozen Hot Chocolate. I was kinda of bummed because the glass that it was served in was much smaller than the one in New York. As for the decor it was really sweet just like their desserts. Very whimsical with a modern feel. Just being here made me feel like a kid again.
2	first time here was a year ago. went with 2 of my friends, and we ended up going to their walk-up counter because the wait for an inside table was about an hour. we ordered small frozen hot chocolate. i must say - i wasnt really impressed. it tasted like a chocolate shake with sprinkles. maybe its better if you go inside to order it? i dont know...second time i met some friends in town. they were eating dinner (i didnt eat because i just ate). everything looked really good and portions were pretty decent as well. third time we went in was a few weeks ago with my sister and some friends back home. ordered a frozen hot chocolate and a frozen white hot chocolate. i couldnt remember how big they were or how "eh" they were, but my sisters never been and we were already there. my sister ordered the frozen hot chocolate for two because her and her boyfriend were gonna share it. and it was waaaaaaaaaaay too much frozen hot chocolate! and as rich as it is, you really dont need anymore than a small. service was alright - the cashier there was a little slow at ringing in orders/putting the tickets up on the rail. and it seemed they were short staffed or something because the girl making the drinks seemed overwhelmed the whole time we were there. agian, maybe the hype was built up so much i expected a lot?maybe i'll come back, stick out the wait and eat inside?
2	do NOT get Sol's Blackout Cake. I had been dreaming about this cake for over a year. Ever since the fateful Valentine's Day in NYC when I had my first taste, I have been obsessed, proclaiming it the best I've ever had. So I was extremely delighted to be able to have a reunion with my beloved, this time in Las Vegas.What was delivered in front of me was a giant. I am certain that this is NOT the same cake that I had in NYC. If you have been to Claim Jumper's, it is reminiscent of the Motherlode. I did not come to Serendipity to gorge on a 2 pound slice of chocolate cake, heavily layered with frosting. Nearby patrons gaped at the cake and took photos with their large lenses as I attempted to make a dent into this monster of a slice.Sadly, size was not the only difference. It tasted like a cake I could buy at Safeway for 3 dollars. And the Safeway ones are more satisfactory because I don't expect much. It was just sweet, the frosting was uninspired, and there was just TOO MUCH. What a disaster. I ended up taking the unfinished half back to the hotel. Surprisingly, the cake tasted better the next day when I was starving and eating it with my hands. Quelle disappointment.
4	A really fun menu to look at. Lots of great interesting choices. Food looks as vibrant as the restaurant decor, and tastes great also! I've had the ABC (Avocado, Brie & Carmelized Onions) Burger (very good!!) and the Ahi Tuna Salad (good but weird lettuce). The frozen hot chocolate is also good.. but honestly, I feel it's a bit overrated. It's pretty much a chocolate shake in a way. Pricey here, but it's an enjoyable experience. Recommend it for a nice lunch with friends! Be prepared to wait for a table tho..
1	People know the BF and I are very respectful and appreciative of restaurant staff so it will probably come to a surprise that our experience was so upsetting that I will make sure they lose more business than just mine.  I will pay for my friends to have a dessert on us somewhere else if they promise not to set foot at a Serendipity. Sure, I'm treated like you didn't need my patronage, but you sure as fuck don't know if I would have been treated with respect I would come back every year and bought myself a stupid Gold Opulence or wanted to throw a Serendipity party....even if I didn't throw mad money around, every customer is a valuable person and valuable advertising.So I have out of town visitors from Seattle here who had Serendipity on their list. I call to inquire about closing time and they said they close at midnight....then she adds, but that depends on how much wait there is. I asked what she meant and all she did was repeat herself. Whatever, we had plenty of time so hung up and walked over there. We got through one of the side doors and standing in the dining hall was a bit confused...we stood there and no one greeted us. So we figured maybe the hostess was on the other side and walked there to inquire about where to sit because I don't want to mess up their zoning system and sit myself where I'm not supposed to. She said dining room seating was closed but that the to-go station was still open for frozen hot chocolate so she said to go ahead and go to that line. At this point it was 11:28pm....they said they close at midnight.As soon as we got in line there was a guy who decides to give the couple in front of us a sign that says its end of the line. He said "oh sorry, but they're the last people". We were already standing there before hand.  I explained how we've been standing there and that the hostess told us to line up and that it was okay to still order to go. He then goes "No, it's closed and I already told them that they're the last people and they're gonna get free frozen hot chocolate". Seriously? You can't let 3 more ( paying ) customers get chocolate? I really didn't care about the asshole giving the people in front of us free. I just wanted my guests to be able to get all they want out of their vacation. I was willing to pay and still hold the fucking sign.  "The line has to end somewhere and it ends with them". He was very high and mighty about it. He looked like he ENJOYED turning us away. The hostess told us to come order since we were standing for quite a while waiting for table service. We didn't want to argue with someone who wouldn't budge from being the way they are. No one else around us looking remotely like they wanted to line up, we were already there and were just 3 people looking to pay for some premade fucking drink 30 minutes before closing...it's not like it's much trouble.  My BF is non violent, but he wanted to punch this guy in the nuts. I told him it's too kind. Now that might seem like an exaggeration to go punch someone over chocolate, but it's the principle of being treated like dirt. It's about customer service and holding a standard to where your reputation upholds expectations of an great experience. It's rare you meet someone that hell bent on "winning" battles because of their positions to make themselves feel better....Yes, you ruined my day so you got what you wanted and hope that one day this attitude will reap you some rewards and get you royally fucked. Just because this place is famous doesn't mean it'll hold up for long. Sure some folks will come for the name, the signature dessert  but with more and more people doing reviews and spreading the word- you're going to tank if you don't know how to treat people. A bad reputation exceeds the good and seems like I'm not alone here in the reviews. A woman scorned from her desserts has a fire like no other. You already lost 4 customers plus the hundreds of tourist I know. Believe me and my texting powers- I'm fucking viral with a nickname as "The Yelp Ambassador".  My goal is to let people  have the best experience possible in Vegas. I can't ever let them step foot here simply even for the fact that how can I guarantee them a good experience? I can't and that looks bad on ME if I didn't tell them about my time here. Dessert is supposed to be fun....where is the JOY in this place? PLEASE- walk over to MAX BRENNER in the Forum Shops. It saved my night! (see review) And you know what? Their chocolate granita shit on the frozen hot chocolate here. It was definitely higher quality chocolate at MB's.  I'm already planning my trip back there.
2	Boy, am I glad I never waited the two hour wait while at the NYC location for this glorified chocolate milkshake with tons of whipped cream and shaved chocolate served in a sundae cup.  Well the wait wasn't bad at all in the LV location so we decided to go check it out.I really do not know how this place is getting all the 5 star reviews! The decor fit with pink and white ceilings and oversized lamps somewhat like a venue where you would host a little girl's princess themed birthday party.  We shared a $14 BLT and it had too much mayo but was still BLAND BLAND BLAND. Thumbs down. The "highlight" of the meal was their sweet potato fries tossed in a salt and sugar mix which was quite tasty even though it was pretty dry. Expensive and food is subpar. Sorry, but I'm gonna have to say skip it!
3	I would give the frozen hot chocolate 5 stars alone. This time around I got a peanut butter frozen hot chocolate with white chocolate toppings, and my husband got an Oreo frozen hot chocolate. So. Damn. Good. I know frozen hot chocolate sounds like an oxymoron, and it's hard to explain exactly what it tastes like - not quite a milkshake, not quite milky - but just perfect.However, the service leaves a bit to be desired. A lot to be desired, really. I think our server was upset that we were ONLY ordering frozen hot chocolate, not a meal. Yeah, I know we could have gone to the takeout window, but we decided to sit down to eat/drink it. And at $11/each, it's not like she'd be getting pocket change for a tip off of us. She walked past our table at least 4 times after we were finished without bringing us our bill, too. It's not that it was crazy busy, it was 3 in the afternoon and there were a handful of empty tables. Despite that, I'd still go back again and again because I do love the frozen hot chocolate so much. But next time I think we'll use the takeout window.
4	We visited for an early lunch and sat outside which was really very pleasant.  Our waiter was attentive and really very good.The portions here are enormous, easily enough for sharing, but I had the steak sandwich and my wife had a sort of triple decker turkey sandwich.  Overall the food was ok.   Both our dishes were massive and fairly tasty.  The chips were excellent but the coleslaw was rather bland and had no sharpness to it.  The steak was a little tough and a tad too well done for me, but it was a nice fun meal.
3	It was back in June and it was HOT. So friends suggested we try this since they wanted to get the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, and apparently everyone else on the strip was thinking the same so do expect a wait.  I was recovering from my cold so my appetite was a bit off but can't say I really impressed with their food it's decent but not amazing and pricey.  And can't say I'm really amazed with Frrrozen Hot Chocolate but my friends loved it.
3	I had to go here. After hearing about, watching the movie (I LOVE JOHN CUSACK), this was a must. After a delicious dinner @ Michael Mina's, I dragged my BF here for dessert. We were already full, so all I wanted was the infamous Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. We got it at the to-go window as the hostess in the front had disappeared and we had no idea how to find her. Luckily for us, the girl just made a large batch for the people before us, so I didn't even have to wait for a new batch. It was delicious. Cold, maybe too cold for that night in Vegas, but yummy. My boyfriend doesn't care much for sweets so he made me drink the whole thing. I couldn't finish it. It got a little too chocolately at the end, probably from everything falling to the bottom, and I was freezing my fingers off. I wouldn't mind going back to try something else, but $10 is pretty steep for hot chocolate, frozen or not!
3	- slow service+ mac & cheese! do itttt. + oreo frozen hot chocolate were pretty yummy..except my friends and I were too full to even finish half :( + my friend's veggie burger was also pretty legit+ sweet potato fries were crispy+ my friends enjoyed the chicken wangs..said the sauce made it
4	OH HOW I LOVE THEIR FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!!! the food was delish as well..i had myself pasta and ribs..no complaints there!! we were a party of 8..so for a place being constantly busy, we were lucky to get a waitress who was attentive and good with suggestions..we all ordered different dishes and each of us were satisfied..would definitely come back everytime im there..especially for the frozen chocolate =D
4	Dear Frozen Hot Chocolate- I have a SERIOUS crush on you.  Please don't tell Andrew D. about this secret relationship we are having.  I can't wait to see you again.  XOXO- Michelle M.I came here for my birthday a couple months ago, and the frozen hot chocolate still sticks out in my mind.  Our group got seated within 15 minutes and we got seated right on the patio!  Which meant, we go to people watch O.O (my favorite) :)Our server was REALLY nice, really attentive and got us in and out JUST in time for our Blue Man Group Show...we were running SERIOUSLY behind schedule and he was so efficient and understanding.This place would be best for if you just want something to satisfy your sweet tooth or for lunch.  I wouldn't call their menu selection dinner food appropriate.  Andrew D. and I got an omelette for our dinner! Lol..it was really good and presentation was really nice!Did you know there is actually a dessert on there for I think $1,000?!  It has real gold in/on it.  Unbelievable!~  Just stick to the Frozen Hot Chocolate though!  It is enough to fill 2 people!  And I'll be coming back here again soon cause I have more things on the menu to try!!
3	Me, my girlfriend, and my brother came here right before we left vegas to try the famous frozen hot chocolate.  We made our way through Caesar's Palace and finally made it to serendipity.  The inside was full, and quite frankly, looked uncomfortable, so we decided to go the takeout window instead.  I ordered the frozen hot chocolate for two and almost had a brain aneurysm when I was told my beverage would cost $16 dollars.  I know its vegas but $16 dollars is pretty ridiculous.  After a five minute wait we got the drink and began our trek back to the car.  The drink was plenty big for three people and tasted exactly how you think frozen hot chocolate would.  I can see this being especially good on a hot summer day but unless I was in hell I would never pay $16 for a cool beverage.
4	The frozen hot chocolate was amazing!  Everyone there seems to get it and I can see why, it's delicious!  We went there for brunch and I got an omelet with seasoned potatoes, it was yummy and the portion size was huge.  My friends got burgers and fries that seems gigantic, but they said it was delicious.  If you come here, you HAVE to try the frozen hot chocolate!
2	Serendipity 3, I really really really wanted to love you but you failed me. Serendipity was on my must try list when I was in Las Vegas but to be honest it wasn't that great. The decor inside was really cute but the food wasn't that great. My friend Emma and I shared the regular frozen hot chocolate and it was just "aight". I think I rather have had Starbuck's mocha frap and called it a day. The food was okay, just typical American cafe food. I had the nachos which kind of tasted like plastic but I do recommend the chicken fingers if you don't mind heavy breading. Overall it was just okay, nothing super special.
4	Lunch on a Saturday equals brunch. Really? Oh well. At least most of the food is the same on the brunch menu. Couldn't stop by without an order of the frozen hot chocolate. Yummm. On a hot day outside, it certainly hit the spot. It wasn't too sweet and it was frosty enough but not too much to be the same as ice cream. And this was just the starter. My Central Park Omelet came with egg whites, spinach, and avocado with a side of potatoes. You'd think it's the same potatoes you get with other breakfast entrees...you know, the kind that you slather on tons of ketchup because it'd be bland otherwise. But nooo, not these potatoes. These were crisp like chicken nuggets and had seasoning, so it was yummy by itself. Pair that with a bite of the omelet and I was on my way to food coma. But wait! You can't leave Serendipity without an order of their ice cream sundae. They all looked good, but I settled on the deep fried Oreo and cream sundae. Five deep fried Oreos sitting on a mountain of cookies and cream ice cream, whipped cream, marshmallow fluff, more bits of normal Oreos, with a cherry on top. OMG, so much sugar. The deep fried Oreos are enough to do you in. By this point, water refills were a life saver. Sadly, I couldn't finish the sundae after having two deep fried Oreos and a lot of spoonful of the ice cream, but I would not hesitate to return to try some of the other less decadent sundaes. Their strawberry sundaes look just as mouthwatering.
2	I'm really disappointed with this Serendipity because of the Frozen Hot Chocolate. I've been to the one in New York, and the one there is ORGASMIC. The one in Vegas actually tasted like the packaged one. SAD.Waited about 15mins, with a reservation. Waited another 15 mins, for our water.Food was okay. Great portion for the price you're paying.Yea, I won't be coming back here the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Ok, I finally got to sit down and try the food. Honestly, it was just okay.  Four sliders for almost $15? and french fries for $4!? I think I'll pass.  I think the next time I'm in Vegas, I'll just grab a frozen hot chocolate because that's the only thing worth getting.Hope that helps...
2	I was super excited to find out that Serendipity opened up a location in Las Vegas! Of course for a getaway weekend we'd spend one of our meals there.We get there and there is a 30 min wait, but we're down for it as there is a quick stop bar where the ladies partook in a frozen hot chocolate to wait out the line. Out front there are also shaded tables to wait by.When we finally got in we were seated on their outside deck, close to one of the mist fans that was partially broken. It kept dripping water on one of my friends. We quickly decided and tried to flag down our waitress.  It was incredibly hot outside and we wanted something to drink. Water took a while to come out and when we were ready to order our waitress took her time getting to us, giving us the index finger "one minute" signal while she continued to gab away with a coworker. Eventually we got our orders in, and I ordered the french toast log. I think it took close to 40 mins for our food to arrive. By that time we were seriously pondering leaving and just paying for the drinks. But when we got our food it was all tasty, every plate was gi-huge-o. My log of french toast was ridiculous. Trying to get our waitress to come bring us the check was another ordeal. Good food, but ultimately disappointing service, combined with a dripping fan and sitting on the hot patio. I think I'll just stick to going to Serendipity when I'm in NYC again, at least that time proved worthy of the wait.
5	This review is for the miraculous frozen hot chocolate and the damn diggity hotness chili hotdog. Ladies, the  FHC( frozen hot chocolate) is good to have any time of the day and especially during that time of the month! Fortunately we got  VIP trestment from the bartenders, otherwise we would have waited about an hour. Love it, must have it!
2	So I want to start by saying that this review is on the to-go window at Serendipity 3.  We wanted to get a quick snack between lunch & dinner and there was a 45 minute wait to sit inside, so we opted for the to-go window and sitting in the great outdoor seating area.So for a frozen hot chocolate for two, a pretzel with cheese and a small bottled water we paid over $27.  Now I get this is Vegas...but wow.The frozen hot chocolate was great.  The pretzel was a big "S" shaped pretzel (which was cool), but I expected a nice warn, soft pretzel.  Nope, it was just a cold pretzel.  It was disappointing.All in all, the hot chocolate was good, but next time I might skip it.
3	Yes, their frozen hot chocolate is very good just like everyone else says. I think this is what usually draws most folks into this place. However, be prepared to wait for a very long time to be seated. I had one of their omelettes which was pretty good, definitely good size portions for their food. Overall though, it's probably not worth what it costs to actually eat a meal here. It's certainly a little on the pricey side. I'd say this is probably a good place to go for dessert, but with so many good buffets and other good food places in Vegas, I'd probably pass on this one next time unless I was going for another frozen hot chocolate. I believe they do have an area near the entrance where you can order things to go, this might be a better option for you if you've got a lot planned for the day in vegas and don't want to wait in line forever.
3	You have to get the frozen hot chocolate.  I mean, I know, it's $10, but you're in Las Vegas, and you're there to spend money on ridiculous luxuries, so just resign yourself, do it, and enjoy it; it's pretty good.
3	Of course, their famous frozen hot chocolates are fabulous - no need to argue here.  But, their food is a-okay.  Came here for dinner over halloween weekend and decided to sit outside on the outdoors patio, absolutely loved the atmosphere; it was nice to see the people walk by and such.  I ordered the ahi-tuna salad and it was so-so, nothing too special (not really worth it's price of $16, I'd say.  Had the frozen hot chocolate with strawberry sauce and candied almonds for toppings and lets just say that was delicious!! So worth every penny, although me and my friend could probably have gotten away with just ordering the "for one" versus the "for two" portion.
2	I ALMOST gave this place 3 stars, but the wait and service was so bad I can't make myself give anything higher than a 2. The 2 stars is based on the extra delicious frozen hot chocolate (that we had a coupon for, making it free), and the hot dog that ended up tasting pretty good. Ok, so my husband and I got to Serendipity 3 at a decently off time. Didn't look too busy, so we put our names on the list and took a seat outside. We overheard someone say that if you sit at the bar you'll get served faster and you don't have to put your name on the list, so we tried that....didn't work. There are 4 or so chairs at the bar, so there went that idea. More waiting, waited so long that we had to eat a snack bar I had in my bag....before we ate lunch! I think our wait totaled about an hour for just the 2 of us. We were seated and it took our waiter 10 minutes before he came over to greet us and take our drink orders. Found out a few of the items that were on the menu were not supposed to be on there any longer (one of the items I was going to order, figures), so my husband ordered the grilled cheese with tomato soup and I ordered the mac & cheese. Simple enough. Our free frozen hot chocolate came out in this giant sundae glass,it was amazing! So good! We were expecting a tiny glass since it was free, but this could have fed a family of 4! Our food came out 35 or so minutes later, and my mac & cheese tasted like lighter fluid! It was so gross that even thinking about it right now makes me gag a bit. My husband's grilled cheese was gross too, same lighter fluid taste. Even his soup tasted like lighter fluid! I assumed it was the way they were cooking things so we brought this to the waiter's attention. He took my food back and came back to tell us that the cooks had no idea why it tasted like that and that no one else had complained. He offered to replace my gross food with something else, so I ordered a hot dog. Figured it would be safe since it wasn't covered in whatever gross cheese they were using. We waited for my hot dog for 30 minutes!  A HOT DOG! I'm kind of hypoglycemic so by this point I was feeling pretty weak. I started spacing out, feeling nauseated, it was all I could to stay calm. My hot dog FINALLY came and I was at that point in my 'episode' where I was super nauseated, so I took a few bites and got a to-go box, which took another 10 minutes. It was just annoying how much time we spent waiting and the food wasn't even good. I ate my hot dog an hour or so later after I was feeling better and it was pretty good. If I ever went there again i'd go straight for that and a frozen hot chocolate, that's it. And i'd get it from the to-go window, not even bother going inside. My husband is curious about this giant donut we saw in the to-go window, so we might check that out next time. Not going out of our way though.
4	We ordered something called "one and only one las vegas strip steak sandwich", a cheeseburger and a Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. The Frrrozen Hot Chocolate was awesome. And the steak sandwich was huge that we should have ordered it to share. There were 2 pieced of New York steak on the sandwich! The menu said there is a 10 oz New York steak but looked like there were 2 pieces of 10 oz New York steak on the sandwich instead. So the cheeseburger ended up being too much for 2 of us to share. It's an experience to dine there. We don't intend to expect gourmet food, we went there for the experience and also the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate! We love the time being there and would go again definitely for the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. And I also see other people ordering desserts and the desserts looks huge. I saw a big slice of cake on top of a big bowl of ice cream! I am gonna try that next time as well. Seems like everything is made huge and fancy there.
3	I loved the movie so much, I gave the restaurant a try.  I stopped by Serendipity 3 on my walk back from the SEMA Show at the convention center.  I ordered their Frozen Hot Chocolate and a pizza with prosciutto, spinach, and sun dried tomatoes.  The Frozen Hot Chocolate was good and tastes exactly as it sounds.  The pizza was also good but there wasn't anything special about it.  Prices are a bit high but it's Vegas so who cares if you pay $11 bucks for a dessert drink.  I would return here for their Frozen Hot Chocolate only if I fail at my near-future attempt at mimicking their Frozen Hot Chocolate.  I would have to say that after watching Serendipity 56 times, I still enjoyed the movie the last time I watched it more than my recent experience at this restaurant.
4	I am glad to see that they changed the lettuce of the Seared Ahi Tuna salad!! While I like the food here, I still stand by my 4 star rating because again, for the price you pay, it's a little overrated.
4	Unlike others on here, I enjoy the food over the Famous Frozen Hot Chocolate.  Yes, they're tasty but nothing too special for me.  The food on the other hand is pretty good and with it's enormous sizes, it's well worth the money.  Plus we had a coupon for a free Frozen Hot Chocolate with the purchase of an entree so it  was actually pretty inexpensive!  Usually I share the large dishes and there's plenty to go around.  My favorite entree is the Hangover omelette.  They put french fries in it, which is pretty much out of this world.  The French Toast Log is also delicious and the sweetness balances out the saltyness of having an omelette.  Those two dishes are great together!The wait isn't too bad unless you're in a big group.  It's pretty much a touristy thing to do, so if you're in the mood, try it out!
3	Came here just for their well known famous frozen hot chocolate!  A bit pricey I think for a frozen drink even though it is just for two.My boyfriend and I tried the mochachino which was pretty good and it also came with chocolate covered coffee beans!  mmm good!  But the frozen hot chocolate was melting rather fast and it was a bit watery.  It's a cute place to go to and experience it.
4	I have been wanting to try this place for awhile. It's located in it's own building in front of Caesar's Palace. I like that you have the option to either sit inside or outside. It was kind of busy when we went here for dinner, but we only had to wait 15-20mins for a table, which wasn't too bad.We ordered the frozen hot chocolate for 2, Alfredo pasta with salmon, and the Asian chicken salad. The portions are actually pretty big here. We didn't finish the pasta or salad because we were pretty full already. I thought my pasta was good, but there was way too much sauce. The pasta and broccoli were practically drowning in the sauce. They did give me a generous portion of salmon though. I also tried the bf's salad. I thought it was pretty good, but he didn't like it because he doesn't like the taste of the bamboo shoots in it. However, we both loved the frozen hot chocolate! It was sooo good! Definitely a must try if you come here.The next time I come back, I think we'll just get the frozen hot chocolate. I really want to try the other flavors now.
3	Frozen hot chocolate. Good but not spectacular. I have had many frozen chocolate beverages and this one did not seem to stand out. The sweet potato fries were pretty good.O yeah if u want the frozen hot chocolate in the cute cup, don't order from the line outside. They just put it in a cheap plastic cup. :( not really great for any pictures boo
4	I ordered the foot long "only in Las Vegas" Strip steak served on a garlic butter french roll with bacon, cheese and three over easy eggs.  Yes, it was a heart attack on a plate but because of the name of the meal and the combination meat, cheese bread combination.  The sandwich it self was just ok, not super delicious as I was hoping but still good.  I think the presentation is what made me order this heart clogging meal.  it was served with sweet potato fries.  I was not able to finish this sandwich as it was too damn big!  Easily could fee three people.My wife had the chicken pot pie.  Now that dish was delicious.  Blows Marie Callendars and Claim Jumper pot pies out of the water hands down.  What I like about this pot pie is that there is a crust through out the pie where as most place only put a crust over the pie and chicken and gravy is place directly into the bowl.  Not here.  There is a thick and flaky crust under there and goes really well with the chicken.  If found chunks of chicken, peas, carrots and potatoes and was very tastey.  I kinda wish I had ordered the pot pie.  I guess this place is famous for their frozen hot chocolate.  It was pretty good and worth trying once.  I
4	I had the best cheeseburger here. For starters, I'm a huge Brie cheese fan, so when I saw that as one of the options for the burger I had to have it! The burger was cooked to order and the cheese was melty all over the patty. I got it with sweet potato fries, which are another one of my favorites. The frozen hot chocolate was exactly as I expected. Nothing too over the top, just frozen hot chocolate, whipped cream and chocolate shavings. It was still very yummy and the order for 2 was big enough for 4.
2	This was our 2nd time at this place and the service was very poor. We decided to eat here before our show at Caesars Palace because it was rather empty, with about only 1/2 the tables occupied inside. They however sat us outside, and we were fine with that as it wasn't too cold for November, and was kind of cool to sit on the strip as we ate. However the waiter took a long time to even come to our table, and was a sign of how attentive he would be. I ordered a triple decker grilled cheese that was very oily, and funny tasting, and my bf got the hot dog. The order took over 40 mins to arrive to the table. Once a server brought us the food we never saw anyone in our section again except the hostess who was sitting people at tables near by. The next time he finally came I had to flag him down to simply get a check. The food was rather average, for the rather high price.
4	A couple of friends and I came here for lunch. We had to wait for about 15-20 minutes which kind of sucked because of the summer heat.. but it was worth it!!We all ordered something and shared. We got the mac n cheese, the High Heel Pump and some delicious Ahi-tuna looking salad. The mac n cheese had bacon bits on it and was verrrry cheesy. We couldn't finish it between 5 of us and had to bring it back. (Not saying it was super BIG, it was just very cheesy .. I can't handle cheesy!) The High Heel Pump was also really good. Prosciutto on aaaanything is delicious!! The melted brie balanced out the saltyness of the Prosciutto. Came with a side of fries! The salad (my personal favorite) was the BEST SALAD I HAVE EVER TASTED. The salad dressing was DELISHUSSSS. I'm not sure what it was but it was soo tasty. The salad was made of fresh greens and had big chunks of corn (SOO GOOD). All 5 of us shared the frozen hot chocolate which was pretty good .. I think it's overrated but it's still something you should try! The Sangria they had was VERy strong .. we had to water it down :/You must come here and try the food, no matter how girly the decorations are inside. I love the striped wallpaper :]
4	+1 Star: Kobe Beef Sliders are so good!  $3 a pop, but probably much more worth the buck compared to the other items+1 Star: Frozen Hot Chocolate...YUM!  Generous proportions that are just right for my bf & me!+1 Star: Awesome location right next to Bellagio and many must see areas; plus lots of souvenirs to take back home!+1 Star: Reservations available, so call in beforehand to ask for wait time!  If there is one, make a reservation, so you don't waste your limited time in Vegas waiting!-1 Star: Overall, prices are set a bit high for the stuff we had; it was nice to try out once or twice, but definitely not worth waiting for.
1	Heard about the frozen hot chocolate and grilled cheese from a friend, so I decided to give this place a try with 5 other people.  Arrived around 12:30 and put our names down and got one of those little buzzer things that lets you know when your table is ready.  We got some snacks at the to-go window to hold us over for the 45 minute wait and sat near the bar.The buzzer makes a beeping noise 20 minutes in, so one of us walks up to the hostess and she looks at him like he's crazy and tells him to go sit back down cause our table isn't ready. We wait, we wait, we wait we wait....well over the 45 minutes we were initially told (with no beep from our buzzer thingy) and another one of us heads up to the hostess only to be informed that we were marked as "no show" and they've gone 3 or 4 people past on the waiting list.  Promises of a table in 20 minutes are made, we all gather and gang up and the wait drops to 5 minutes.  Our server was super busy, so she wasn't especially attentive to our table.  Things were forgotten, checking in was infrequent, it was hard to flag her down if we needed something...we also wanted to order off the lunch menu, but brunch doesn't end until 2pm...so we wait some more...since it was 1:40 by the time we were seated.Food finally arrived, and for the price it was terrible.  There's not much to say...the portions were huge, but what's the point if it doesn't taste good?? Fried chicken was soggy, the grilled cheese was also soggy and kind of weird tasting and the frozen hot chocolate, although presented nicely, contained more whip than chocolate and turned watery pretty quick.  The reuben was meh...but if the best thing on the table is only a mediocre tasting reuben that cost $15...well...it's infuriating.Las Vegas is filled with restaurants that are, without much effort, better than this place.  Go somewhere else when you're in town unless you're completely drunk (e.g. you don't care if your food is kinda gross) and you just won some money in the casino to waste on this place.
3	I was happy when i saw that they finally had one in Vegas, I heard a lot of good things about this place, Especially the cold hot chocolate drink. The restaurant is nicely decorated, and comfortable to enjoy a nice lunch. Service was nice and friendly, but it took a while to get our food. The menu did not have much. We ordered the nachos, chicken and waffle, and i got the chicken salad. I loved my chicken salad, good portion, and i loved the heart of palm. Never had heart of palms before, but i love it! The nachos were ok, but the chicken and waffles i did not care for too much. The chicken was not seasoned at all, nor was it crunchy.  We got a coupon for a free cold hot chocolate, which was good, but there was really nothing special about it. Overall, i would eat here again, but only because i want their chicken salad again with the heart of palms! :)))
4	A New York staple, it peeked my interest - Frozen hot chocolate.  WHAT? Must check this out.My girlfriends and I were in Vegas for a birthday celebration and saw the ad for Serendipity in the elevator bay in the parking lot at Ceasers.  Next thing you know - after a quick stop at the sports book - we were waiting for a table at the restaurant.Since it was Saturday and about lunch time - they were using their Brunch menu.  I got the chorizo quiche, one of my friends got the french toast sticks, another got the open faced turkey sandwich and the last one got Crescentwich.  Needless to say we all loved the food we had. And to top it off - we got one frozen hot chocolate to share for dessert.  OMG!  so good.  and it really did taste like you were eating a frozen hot chocolate.
2	The Las Vegas version of Serendipity 3 is like a movie sequel, one that disappoints rather than continues your love for the original.Once upon a time, John Cusack fell in love with Kate Beckinsdale in movie make-believe at a little whimsical chocolate shop in uptown Manhattan and sent Serendipity 3 into a dizzying spiral of Hollywood fame and public craze.  When I lived in Manhattan 4 years ago, along with hundreds of tourists on a Saturday morning, I waited to experience the fantasy of movie magic and the famed Frozen Hot Chocolate in this fairytale of a chocolate shop/eatery.  It was fun for the experience.  The chocolate was outstanding and the food was all right.It is four years later in Vegas, nine years since the movie and long past the 15 minutes given to Serendipity 3.  A location of this charming original opens up right in front of Caesars Palace to cater to undiscriminating tourists in their hung-over states.  The overblown decor becomes cheesy, not whimsical.  The glamorous fair food comes with mediocre quality.At best, you can say you've been to Serendipity 3.  I suggest getting the desserts at the take-out stand rather than waiting for a seat at the restaurant.  You'll have a better time seeing the movie again.
4	since i didn't get the chance to go in NYC, i just had to stop at this place to have a frozen hot chocolate. i didn't realize that they actually have a pretty extensive menu, i always thought it was strictly a dessert place. there's a nice heated outdoor patio seating area which was nice for people watching. my friend ordered the original frozen hot chocolate and i had the oreo one. both were yummy but i think next time i'll stick with the original. prices are a bit steep but nothing unexpected. maybe next time i'll try the food. =)
3	Been wanting to try this place out for quite a while now.   The frozen hot chocolate is what they are known for.  Hmmmm... really?!!   It was just alright.  Well now I can check that off the list....What I liked better was their gynormous jalapeno bacon pretzel that is shaped into a fancy "S".  Dip that into some mustard!
3	My friends and I decided to check this place out while we were in Vegas since we heard good reviews on their frozen hot chocolate.We each got three different ones - mocchaccino, white chocolate and the oreo frozen hot chocolates. I absolutely adored it, and it made me feel like a kid again! The white chocolate one was a tad sweeter than the others.We also tried the food. I split a steak sandwich with eggs and bacons on top, and it was so huge! We couldn't even take a bite out of it, that we ended up eating each part separately. My other friend ordered a chicken sandwich with argula and other things, and it looked more appetizing than that sandwich. We also got sweet potato fries, which was the [second] best part of the meal.The service was below average. The waiters and waitresses were not helpful in directing us to the hostess, and we stood by the door for 5 minutes before we approached a waitress about seating. Then we were directed outside to the real hostess. The wait was not too bad considering it was a Friday night, and we were instantly seated inside since it was less crowded.This place deserves 3 stars because their food was not good for its price, and the service was bad. However, I would only come back for their dessert menu (and cocktails too).
3	Not all that it is hyped up to be.We came here just for dessert after hearing and ready so much great things about it. Really wanted the Frozen Hot Chocolate, but settled for a dessert to share with my BF. We had the one with the peanut butter pie with coffee ice cream and bananas and chocolate sauce and a little piece of sugar heaven.After about 5 bites, it was just toooo much though. I am a sugar addict, but between the two of us, we only ate 2/3 of the $14 share dessert. And that was pushing our limits!Portion sizes for the desserts are great, but the food portions are normal, and maybe even on the smaller side. And overpriced for the average tasting food. I think eating here is more about the environment and the name rather than the food. Not really worth the money. But they make the food look pretty! Service was not the best, and there was a wait, even 1/2 hour before closing, it was busy. Probably won't go back, maybe try the one in NY, but not here.
3	Its an expensive burger/pasta place. Probably wont go there again. The food we ordered was good but just way to expensive for my taste. I only got a salad and soup and it was WAY over priced. Its a good date place if you are trying to impress but not really a place you would visit regularly.
4	So I had the food here last month. I was in the first weekend of October because my hubby and I got comp rooms. He's never been here so I said it's now a must-stop spot when we come to Vegas. We sat at the bar with the big screen just in plain sight for us to enjoy the soccer game while we were already enjoying the ambiance, food and drinks. I ordered the Bloody Mary, which was biting and peppery just how I like it. But if you like it like soup, you would need to mention non-spicy. I got the Orchard Salad. It's tossed with vinaigrette, cubes of chicken breast, spinach, pecans, dried cherries, apples, cherry tomatoes, cucumbers, feta crumbles and apple slices. Hubby got an omelette, forgot which one, but it was huge, beautifully fluffy and not greasy at all and it came with their crispy yummy seasoned fries.  It was the perfect lunch after a late night of gambling and drinking.  A bit pricey tab at $46, but not at all out of the ordinary in Vegas and at Caesar's.  Oh! and the bartender was so nice! We were so stuffed from our meal and said we didn't have room to order the FHC but he poured us each half a glassful just so my hubby can try it anyway.  Loved that!  We are definately coming back.
4	Prior to my own experience here, I've heard sooo many mixed reviews about Serendipity. I must say that I had an enjoyable experience here. I had made reservations and as soon as my bf and I got there, we were seated immediately and waited right away. The portions are huge and although the menu was a bit pricey, the food was pretty good. My bf got the reuben and it was one of the best we've had! The meat is so tender and so delish. I had the high heel pump proscuitto. That too was really fresh and tasteful, serving was huge, so I took the rest to go. We shared a single oreo frozen hott chocolate rather than the one 'for 2' and it was just right! Super sweet, but what dessert isn't? It was good for what it was and I would try it again.
4	Every time I come to Vegas, Serendipity is a must. The atmosphere is fun, the staff is great and the food is wonderful. What's not to like?
3	Eating at Serendipity 3 is like winning a race that you're the only participant in. Sure you win, but it definitely leaves you with an empty feeling inside. My girlfriend and I checked out Serendipity 3 for dinner on a busy Sat night in Sin City. The location is out of the way, so you either have to walk though Ceaser's or the Bellagio to get there because there is no direct parking. We first encountered a girl outside at the check in booth after a short wait. We told her we were just a party of 2 and she said it would be 20-35mins for seating indoors, and about 20mins for outdoor seating. We took the buzzer thing to wait for indoor seating and I asked if there was a bar inside we could wait at, and she told us it was right inside. As we walked up to the bar, I noticed napkins, silverware, and condiments strewn across the bar, inclining me to ask the bartender if we could eat at the bar (which was empty with 8 stools!), he told us definitely. So proceeded to return to the booth girl and hand her back the buzzer and told her she should let people know that bar seating is an option with no wait.Once seated, we took a look at the eclectic menu and decided on the Dino Ribs for me, and the Chicken Alfredo for my girl. As we were waiting for our food, two more couples came to the bar with their buzzers and realized there was seating and returned the buzzer, lol. It took about 20 mins for our food to arrive, a lil too long I think for what we ordered. As we waited, the bartender basically had zero personality and only asked for our drink orders and then pretty much ignored us until we had to pay. The Dino Ribs were three huge ribs that was a good portion size for the $20 price tag, and the Chicken Alfredo was probably 3lbs of pasta! The only real problem with the food though, is that it's not knock your socks off good. For the prices they charge for simple items, I expected to be blown away, and that definitely was not the case. It seemed to me, the real reason to visit Serendipity 3 is for the desserts, they're huge and extravagant, they even have a $1,000 dish! We actually didn't opt for dessert because of our lackluster experience. If I ever go back, it'll be strictly to try the dessert, maybe they can wow me then, otherwise, there are much better options on the Strip than Serendipity 3.
3	They had an Oreo frozen hot chocolate flavor. Score! It tasted absolutely great and this is coming from a huge cookies and creams ice cream fan. It did take awhile for the order to get to my table so I have to take a star away. I only ordered the hot chocolate so I can't speak about the food. Be aware that there will be a wait if you want a table to sit down and eat as it's a popular spot.
3	While I want to love this place, everything about it is just mediocre. It's a long ways from the Serendipity in NYC.While the inside is cute in some ways and what you come to expect from a traditional ice cream parlor, it seriously lacks ambiance. It is just a little too bright, a little too sparse, not quite clean enough, way too busy, and too many screaming children.The wait here can be insanely ridiculous at times. And the wait isn't really worth it. Come back when it's not so busy.Personally, I prefer to dine outside. While service always seems to be slower outside, it is good people-watching and just a better experience overall.The food is good. I've never had anything bad. I've also never had anything crave-worthy or exceptional.One of the best things here is the wings. Definitely one of the better places in Vegas for hot wings. Very meaty and good quality wings. Lots of sauce with just the right thickness and spice (sauce has a hint of cinnamon too). Excellent blue cheese sauce for dipping.The hot dog, mac 'n' cheese, etc. are all good. Again, never had anything bad. But none of it really stands out either. And while one could justify the prices because the portions are huge, it still just all seems way over-priced.They have a great list of sundaes and other desserts. And all have been good. But there's nothing great about any of them. The ice cream isn't anything great, their hot fudge sauce isn't anything different from anywhere else, etc.Skip the cocktails. While they mostly all sound good, none of them are actually good.Mediocre. Everything is just fine, but nothing is great. That specialness and uniqueness and sense of magic that you experience at Serendipity in NYC just isn't here in Serendipity Vegas.
3	Popular because it was in the movie Serendipity and because it's in New York. But it is still just a-OK.The frozen hot chocolate was highly recommended. The cup is HUGE and should only be ordered if you are going to share it. That rule goes for ALL the food ordered. They are also known for their foot long hot dog. The frozen hot cocoa was OK, all it is is hot cocoa mix and crushed ice. It is definitely unique but when I saw the menu, there were a few things on there that I would rather have gotten instead.I'll give this place one more try.
1	Horrilble service. A lot of people working but no one seems to be willing to clear out tables for guests. They tend to make customers wait forever bc of their slow service. New york one is much better.Food and drinks are overpriced! it costs $15 for a hamburger...same size as the one from InnOUT. i will never come back to this place again. i don't mind paying $$$ for food but i at least expect better service for some overpriced food and drinks.
4	Dessert fans unite!I am not one but the wifey definitely is...  She dragged me to the original Serendipity 3 in NYC and we've been to this one in Vegas quite a few times.   It's almost always a dessert trip here so I don't have any advice on the food.  I did have the Fried Oreo Cookie Sundae which is just about one of the best dessert's I've eaten from a restaurant.  They don't do the classic County Fair fried oreo... Here they "bread it" with Corn Flakes and when it melts the ice cream a little... its like dunking your oreo cookie in milk when you are eating it together with the ice cream.  My wife has always been a fan of the frooozen hot chocolate and now they have many different flavors.  I think we ended up with the classic one for everyone to try.  We had gotten the apple cobbler ala mode also to share with the group and it was a pleasant change to the other dishes being that it didn't feel like a complete sugar overload.  The apples had a perfect tart contrast with the cobbler and ice cream and it created a nice addition to the mix.I'm a fan... are you?
4	My aunt had recommended that we check out Serendipity 3 while we were in Vegas. My sister and I shared the chicken and waffles and the frozen hot chocolate and they were delicious!! I dont know if the honey mustard dressing is home made but its a bit tangy. If you're gonna go here with friends i suggest coming early to beat the lunch rush. Service was good, our server was sweet and on the plus side shes from the bay area!! Bay area represent!! LOL
4	It's 1pm, the sun is up high in the sky and it just got HOT. Perfect time for a Frrrozen hot chocolate.  I chose to do the takeout because I wasn't here  for the food, just the chocolate which did not disappoint.  What was disappointing was how long the line for take out was and how slow the service was.  The poor girl behind the counter was busting her butt trying to take orders, make drinks and serve everybody, but even with her hustle we still waited quite some time in the sun.  The drinks and food are pricey, but few places in Vegas aren't.
4	Heard all the hype about this place so when i finally was able to go back to vegas i went. Very nice place relaxed atmosphere. Food was decent kinda wish they gave a little more though for the price. Desert on the other hand was amazing. The deep fried oreo sundae....All i can say is YUM and that i needed to hit the gym after eating that thing. Staff very friendly and service was good. Def. not a must stop now when in vegas.
2	I think this place is full of hype. But if you care more about quantity than quality then this is your dessert place.I'm not quite sure why everyone is raving about the frozen hot chocolate, it literally taste like a chocolate shake. We only came here for desserts, and to be honest, a dessert order can probably serve 3 persons. We all ordered a dessert of our own and shared. This is what we ordered:(1) 1 frozen hot chocolate(1) Humble Pie(1) Ice cream with deep fried oreosI've already commented on the hot chocolate, now to the Humble pie.The humble pie is a gianormous piece of peanut butter and graham cracker pie. This literally taste like eating peanut butter out of the jar and butter. Very Rich. The ice cream with the deep fried oreos, is probably what I would order again if i wanted a sugar rush. C'mon anything deep fried more or less is devilishly good and dipping the deep fried oreo with the ice cream and whipped cream was chocolately goodness. All in all, I prefer quality over quantity and I would save my $$ and head over some where that serves chocolate souffle instead.
4	In Vegas with my mom and decided to see what all the hype was about.....Instead of the "famous"  frozzzzen hot chocolate I got the smores hot chocolate which was great then I ordered the steak sub which was sooooo huge and good I didnt even have room for the fried oreos I wanted. Only reason I didnt give it 5 stars was the waiter very slow and it was very pricey.
3	I was so happy to hear that this place opened in Caesars Palace. I've always wanted to try a frozen hot chocolate but not sure I will get all the way to New York. The restaurant itself is not that large and you can choose to eat outside or inside. The service is a bit slow but the waiters are very nice and knowledgeable about the menu. The portions are huge so be prepared to share if you want to have room or dessert. Or be like me and order first! My favorite was the basic frozen hot chocolate. I've tried the white chocolate one and was not very fond of it. The sweet potato fries are yummy and the burger was good. I had the Hangover which was prettier than it tasted. I would have to say that this is more of a quantity than quality place for food.  Come for the frozen hot chocolate! ^_^*~
1	I usually go here only for the Frozen Hot Chocolate which is huge and you can share with people.  This time, my hubby wanted to eat brunch there.  The waitress recommended the mushroom quiche so I went for it.  Everything was going fine, it's not the best food but you know, it will do.  I found a baked long piece of blonde hair in my quiche.  It made me want to barf.  They had a manager walk over and apologize.  They then took it off the menu but didn't comp our meal at all.  Now, if you're in the middle of eating your food and you find a hair, but not just a hair, a baked long hair, wouldn't that be grounds to walk away and say "this bill's on us?"  GROSS! Don't go there...not worth it!
3	I've been to the New York Serendipity 3 numerous times and I must say that the one in Vegas pales in comparison. Maybe it's just the aura of Vegas, but I felt that this Serendipity is more expensive than the one in NY. The service is Mediocre, as said before, I felt that it took forever to get the waiter's attention! The drinks were good and so was the food, but incredibly pricey. The Frrrrozen Hot Chocolate is great, as it is in New York, but I would go for the Oreo Frrrrozen Hot Chocolate since I've had the original so many times before.
2	30 minute line for the to go window, a $14 frozen hot chocolate from a powder mix. Meh. Tasty but not worth the money or wait. I like the frozen chocolate drink from Godiva better n for a third or the price.
2	I think that I didn't have the experience I should have had - if I were in NYC. I've never been to S3 in NYC but I imagine that its less Disneyland-ish with long lines and expensive drinks that taste bad. Next time I'm in NYC I'll try the real deal.
3	Last time I had a frozen hot chocolate, it was a few years ago in Manhattan.  I remember the consistency being more icy, like a frozen margarita.  And I don't recall as much whipped cream.  Now that I've had it again, this $10 drink tasted sweetly rich, as if made from a pouch of Carnation cocoa mix.  And the straw was really tall and a bit awkward to keep in the glass.  So if that doesn't sound appealing, they do have some immense sundaes and shakes that can substitute.  But I would say, try it just once to have it.The burgers are gigantic too.  I spent $16.50 for a A.B.C. Burger, avocado, brie, and caramelized onions.  The burger patty itself is pretty good, but I came away unimpressed.  Certainly pot belly full, but not too impressed with the taste.  Plus the burger gets messy and basically just got yummy juice and fillings all over the plate and onto my hands.  It does come with a tall stack of fries, choice of sweet potato or steak fries.Personally, I wouldn't order a burger again.  Plenty of places that make a better burger for the same price or even cheaper.  But they do feed you here, and you can't really complain about quality of ingredients.  Okay... maybe you can a bit.  The whipped cream for desserts and drinks isn't housemade, but comes from a spraycan.  The chocolate mix is... well... just seems to be packaged mix.    Colorful decor, and a bar provides more instant seating if you don't feel like waiting t it out for a table. Seems like quite a few women come here.  The staff is friendly, and prompt as can be considering the volume of people.  Then, just before the entrance, go to the Multiple-armed deity statue, light some incense, and pray for some fortune after you are done eating!  They have some Caesars Palace matches in the small container by the incense.
5	best macaroni and cheese i've ever had.You've been warned: The dessert portion is HUGE.the frozen hot chocolate is a bit overrated and their drinks are expensive, but they're delicious.  My friend got the margarita and we could barely taste the tequila, even though we SAW him pouring in a lot.Its a cute place and it looks nothing like the one in New York, but its still a fun place to go to and have lunch.
4	Been to the one in NY and finally got to try the one in LV. Trivia: so Serendipity 3 stands for the 3 founders, not the 3 locations. I heard they are opening on in Washington soon. We sat inside and ordered the T-BLT and a frrrozen hot choco ($10). They realy piled on the turkey. It was real good. We didn't get to finish the sweet potato fries but they were good. Frrrozen hot choco was really good. I am not a big choco person, but this was yum!P.S. I think the frrrozen hot choco is bigger in NYC.
4	My friends and I didn't want to wait an hour and a half to be seated so this is just based on the to-go window they have outside.After hearing all the hype about the frozen hot chocolate here I just had to try it. We had the original flavor, oreo, and strawberry. I have to say the original frozen hot chocolate tasted the best!It's 10$ for a small cup which is pretty pricy but it was alright for the novlety of it. They have outdoor seating and everything is sherbet  colored so it was a nice place to chill and rest. I'd say the frozen hot chocolate tastes like a hot chocolate powder milkshake. The oreo flavor tastes more like the creme insides than the cookie and the strawberry tastes kind of like a powdery strawberry milkshake. Being a girl, I'm a sucker for cute things. : )
4	I love this Serendipity. Love, Love, Love, it. I was in town with my brother's family for the Thanksgiving holiday. Knowing how good the original is I couldn't wait to take them there for dessert. It held their end as being stellar in amazing desserts. We liked it so much that we came back for dinner and dessert a second time while we were in Vegas and yes they have a nice menu. My only complaint and why I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because they have two entrances/exists to the restaurant. If you are seated by the either one prepared to be freezing you know what off. It seems worse with the doors opening and closing. The second time we went we had the pleasure of experiencing it. The hostesses who pulling tables and chairs together for a party of 8, kept going in and out of the door - bringing in chairs and tables from the outside area, then the party didn't show up and they began their slow process once more. It was annoying and one of the hostesses was downright rude. So in that case, if you are visiting during the not so warm months - try to get a table in the middle away from the two entrances/exists. Other than that - game on.
3	Let me preface this review by telling you that I have a weakness for Kate Beckinsale and an 80s inspired sentiment for John Cusack, so Serendipity 3 at Caesars had a special place in my heart simply because of its' relation to the original New York cafe from the movie with the same name. Sadly, the affinity ended there. Although I do think that the frozen hot chocolate is tasty idea, there is no way that it merits the exorbitant price the establishment demands. I realize that it is smack-dab in the middle of the strip, but if it makes me think that a fifteen dollar martini is reasonable by comparison, then something is straight up ILL. To boot, the food is not that great - bowling alley fare at best, and even that is a stretch considering some of the good bar food I've eaten in some of the local bowling alleys - Did I just undermine my credibility there? Haha - what can I say? I do love the ghetto fab grub as much as the next gourmet meal!
4	We finally decided to visit Serendipity 3 after hearing all the hype.  It's December so the place wasn't as packed as what we thought it would be.  There was no wait and we were promptly seated on the patio.We used a coupon to get a free frozen hot chocolate after ordering an entree.  The waitress was kind enough to tell us that we can also order the burgers or sandwiches instead of the entree.  However, we still opted for the bbq ribs.  The frozen hot chocolate was interesting, but probably doesn't worth the $11.  It's good that we got it for free.  The ribs were huge and very delicious.  For dessert, we ordered the deep fried oreo sundae topped with marshmallow sauce.  While it was very good, it also felt very wrong with all the calorie intake.  We ended only finishing half and I bet that was 10000 calories.  Overall, the place and food were very interesting.  Minus 1 star for the price, it's a bit high, even for Las Vegas.
3	Serendipity 3, your paying for the place and name = overpriced Hot Fudge Sunday, way overpriced. Their Frozen hot chocolate is huge and YUM!
4	The frozen hot chocolate was yummy.  I have not tried the food but I'm sure once I do, I'll update this review.  The one dessert that they sell very LITTLE of is the $1000 Sundae.  That's right folks, ask them how many they have sold this year.  The last time I was there they were only at 8 in counting, so hopefully one of these days I'll get to see these "gold flakes" on a large sundae in action.  Perhaps if they lowered the price maybe more people would buy it?  What's great is that you don't have to sit inside to eat but you can eat outside and they have a dessert window you can order from the outside of the restaurant and better yet, avoid the tips!  You can save that for the slot machines.  :)Next time I'm in vegas, I'll be back!
3	This place mainly brought back childhood memories for me. I used to go to Serendipity when I lived in NY during the summer. Now they are a chain, and that took away from the fun. It was way overpriced. The frozen hot chocolate was basically a good milkshake, but $10, no way. Burger was solid, even though I was OD-ing on burgers in Vegas. Also, friend's omelet was solid and creative. Tasted like a potato skin. I liked the outdoor porch. Fun people watching-street scene.
4	I've only been able to go to the Serendipity in NYC once (because I didn't want to wait). Since I was planning my BFF's bachelorette party in Vegas, I decided Serendipity would fit the bill for a nice, casual dinner. Luckily, they did take reservations for a large group.Walking inside, the restaurant is SO MUCH BIGGER than the one in NYC, which is such a definite plus. I was feeling slightly claustrophobic when I was in NYC.  The atmosphere is a bit different; its bigger and brighter, but then again, its Vegas. It's always bigger in Vegas.  We all enjoyed our food, and unfortunately I didn't get a frozen hot chocolate because I was too full from my burger. However, I did have a bite of all the different desserts and they were yummy.This place obviously holds a bigger attraction for women than it does men.  While its not the same sort of experience you would get in NYC, its the same food for a much less wait.
4	Such a touristy place go to in Vegas, but when in Rome...Met up w/some friends here for lunch.  Sat outside, nice view of Caesar's Palace's front gardens.  Since I was very budget conscious that day (although it's almost impossible to be on that part of the strip) I opted to try their famous frozen hot chocolate and just a side dish.  While the frozen hot chocolate is good, it wasn't anything astonishing.. you could basically imagine what it would taste like.. cold chocolate drink.. the side i got was a side of ham, at $7, I thought I'd get a little more than three small circles of ham, but I guess it is a side.. Some dishes proved to be a true value.  The chicken n waffles was a massive portion that looked to have been cooked very well.  Service was a little slow and had to remind our waitress a few times about condiments.If you're going to spend in Vegas, might as well be somewhere that'll give you some bragging rights and a nice view.  This place would be it.
4	I could have done without the wait, though to be honest, it wasn't that long with the games we were playing. We were in Vegas for a birthday celebration, and the birthday boy told us we were coming here on the last day. We finally were allowed in and I felt like a little kid, looking at everything around me. I vowed to myself to get the frrrozen hot chocolate (though $10 is a little steep, I mean really people? I know it's Vegas, but gotta help a working girl [by working I don't NECESSARILY mean I'm a hooker, though that is legal in the state of Nevada - just saying] out.) We were a large party, 8 people, and we were celebrating a birthday, the menu looked fantastic and I wanted to try EVERYTHING. I ended up getting a burger, an ABC burger (Avocado, Brie cheese, and Caramelized onions) OMG yummmmyy. I had a choice between steak fries or sweet potato, and though I love me some steak fries, I took the advice of my waitress (who by the way, was AWESOME) and got the sweet potato fries, definitely didn't steer me wrong. The fries portion was HUGE, so I made the rest of the party eat some. They weren't fighting me on that, even with their help I couldn't finish 'em. I would have taken them home, but taking left overs to an airport in a rank taxi isn't the best idea.Let me just get this out there, the waitress we had, was AWESOME. She was hilarious, she was personable, and she told us about the restaurant. We even took a picture with her, half of us want to go back just for her.4 stars for: long wait, small dining room, pretty busy, but nice ambiance (though a full corner was dedicated to merchandise. Seriously people!?)
3	Went here to check out the hype on the frozen hot chocolate. OH WHAT THE SHIT?! ITS $11??!! Man i was expecting it to be bomb.com....it was good dont get me wrong..but i wouldn't pay $11 for it (thanks to my friend who did, gotta love friends who came up on blackjack) Overpriced dessert..should be around $6 max..
4	I love coming here each time I'm in Vegas. It's a great place to enjoy a nice meal with whoever you're with and relive the previous night's shenanigans (or try to) over some good food and delicious desserts or Frozzennn Hot Chocolate. And it's located centrally right in front of Caesar's Palace so you're pretty much in the heart of The Strip -- can't get more Vegas than that!Their prices are kind of steep, but their portions are huge so you can definitely share your dishes. I actually recommend doing this so that way you'll have room at the end for the best part - dessert!I don't remember the exact names, but we got their Turkey Sandwich with apples or cranberries.....something fruity.... and the Brie Burger, and both were delish!Expect a wait if you plan to eat here, but this is definitely a place you need to visit at least once if you're in Vegas since it's the only Serendipity outside of the original in NY!
4	Great place to eat on the strip especially if you sit outside.  I came here in December where the temperateres were cold.  Thanks to their heat fans, it was very comfortable eating outside.  The food was excellent but the frozen hot chocolate is over rated.
3	First of all, this place should be in New York, New York (the original hails from NYC) and its decor is def. too pink compared to the original resto (more romantic, and more aligned with the movie it was named after).Anyway, came here just for the frozen hot chocolate (I had one from the original ages ago and wanted to compare) - NYC's Serendipity's in my memory was def. better. Nonetheless, there wasn't much of a line when I went, which is a plus (I remember when I went to NYC's Serendipity, I waited maybe three hours??).Anyway, come here to try their famous frozen hot chocolate, but I would say skip the food for sure. Much better food on the strip.
2	I had their frozen hot chocolate and it was just meh. Nothing special, try Max Brenner's inside the Caesars Palace. They have a chocolate shake with baileys that stomps on this one!
5	mmmmm Four girls came here hungry and left with so much left over food and a full tummy :)The food portions here are HUGE. We ordered nachos with chicken, spinach dip, and chili cheese fries.Then we ordered two frrrrozen hot chocolates. One original with soy and the other oreo. omg.  soo good!This is a great place for a quick filling lunch on the strip. The prices arent too bad.. we paid $60 total :)I will definately be back for more!
1	I don't recommend Serendipity 3 at all.  Waited about 20 min for a table; then another 10 min in line for the bar to-go order, I was next in line when B. got a table while waiting outside.Ordered a regular Frozen Hot Chocolate which is way overpriced at $10 for a small.  I wanted No whipped cream - still got it so had to scrap it off.  It doesn't taste any better than a McDonald's milkshake.Don't waste your time & money here.
4	The food here is fantastic. I tried the crab cake salad with grapefruit and herb vinaigrette, fettuccine Alfredo with broccoli and sun-dried tomatoes, dinosaur ribs, forbidden chocolate sundae (chocolate cake sundae), and banana split. The entrees were delicious and the desserts were heavenly. Their famous frozen hot chocolate was amazing!The ambiance is perfect for socializing with friends and dates. The only downside is the long wait for dinner. Reservations are only honored for three minutes (and three minutes after your buzzer buzzes) and if you're late, you lose your table. I will definitely be back!
4	hangover omelette is SOO good. big enough for 2 people... we asked the waitress how many eggs are in it and i think she said 8.. or something like that. their sweet potatoe fries were just 'ok'. nothing special about them. however, their frozen hot chocolate was amazing. its like a icy blended drink with loads of whip cream on top.we saw this lady order a really awesome looking drink. there was cotton candy in the martini glass and then the server poured some liquor over it. it looked so tasty! i want to try it next time i go back..service here is really good. our waitress was friendly and came back to our table to check up on us. even though it was really busy at the time we came, we got our food on time and weren't neglected. thanks serendipityy :)
3	My friend recommended this place.Wait time: 45 minutes, according to the waitress.However, they called us after 20 mins.The place does not look too crowded. Some of the tables were even empty, but they didn't let us to sit in the super windy weather!!I ordered the ABC Burger, BBQ Burger, and of course the frozen hot chocolate.The burgers were just okay,the hot chocolate 4****.
4	Totally lucked out...After a horrible dinner experience, I needed something to cheer me up. Off we went to S3. When we arrived around 8p, we were disappointed that there was a wait-time of 45-hour wait. We asked about to-go, and the hostess suggested the bar and that they would take our order. We waited in line for several mins and a couple seats opened up at the bar. SCORE!!! We ordered the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate for 2 ($14) and were served within 5 mins!!! It would have taken 3 times the wait time had we waited in the bar line.The FHC reminded me of a Starbux frap with the texture and taste. I could have done without all the whip, but apparently that is part of the whole experience. We were in and out within 20 mins, thanks to the bar area!!!
4	Sitting outside here on a breezy/sunny day in November, eating my delicious crab cake salad, I realized that I truly was enjoying my first trip to Vegas (I was having some doubts after buying my plane tickets).  I'm not sure if this restaurant in particular is responsible for that, but what I am sure of is that I had a good lunch in a great location at a reasonable price.
2	I liked the NY location, but this time in Vegas I thought the food wasn't very good but still liked the frozen hot chocolate.  We just ordered the cheese fries appetizer and unfortunately the chili was way too much on the sweet side for both my husband and I.  Also it had way too much cheese on the fries to the point where other than the few pieces that hung off the sides of the plate, 95% of the fries turned out to be soggy.  I think this place is a bit over hyped now.  Oh well, just go for the desserts maybe.
2	Decent place if you want to gorge down on some rather hefty portions, but for the price you pay, there's much better places to spend your money at in Vegas.So it doesn't even compare to the original Serendipity in NYC, but on a scorching day walking around the strip, cooling down with a bowl of frozen hot chocolate is a genius idea...so you'd think. It's a shame that they can even manage to mess THAT up. How hard is it to use a blender? I'd like to not sip on cubes of ice in my slushy, thanks. Granted, they do have more flavors of the frozen hot chocolate here (Oreo, peanut butter, mint, etc.). If you want to keep it strictly Vegas-style, the bartender will even throw in a shot of rum for that extra umph. Of course, for an extra $10, I'd rather gamble away at the tables and order a few cocktails there instead...I can't say I'm able to compare the actual food to the NYC location since I've only tried desserts, but the mac n' cheese here was pretty legit. However, for $14?? I can buy 14 boxes of Kraft for that and be just as satisfied.
2	Went last night and got seated right away, but then took about 10 minutes to get our order in. The food is super over-priced I ordered the Kobe slider and theyre like the size of a silver dollar for $12 and my friend ordered the chicken tenders (I think 5 came to an order) They checked on u once maybe twice, and then left us alone. It wasnt really buy though, so yea. Its nothing spectacular, especially for the price.
5	For Christmas I got the frozen hot chocolate mixes so I just made mines at home and they were pretty good. When I went to Vegas there was a 30 minute wait and I wasn't trying to wait that long for a drink so I decided to order my drink to go. I ordered an OREO frozen hot chocolate which I thought was better than the regular frozen hot chocolate just because it was infused with oreo. It gets pretty busy so expect to wait a while!
3	We came here on a Wednesday and made a reservation for 5. Love that they take reservations! However, upon being greeted by the hostess, she was not the nicest.  She needed an attitude adjustment. She was definitely not friendly and kinda brainless and was really caty with her coworkers.Upon being seated everyone was really friendly and nice. Our waitress was great and super friendly.  She made up for her not so awesome hostess coworker.  The decor was really strange here.  It is bit small for what looks to be a bigger space, at least on the inside.  It's nice and pink in here for the ladies and a nice looking bar area for the men.  They have a nice outdoor seating area, but too cold during December.  It would probably be really nice in the april-june months when it is not so unbearably hot.  This is a good place to get desserts with you girlfriends that's if you are having a weekend in Vegas.I had the Summer Bries. It is an open face sandwich.  Presentation is a definite plus with the cone wise fries. The Brie was not melted enough. There was a whole lot of turkey. Good cranberry cheese spread. Overall fair. Sweet potato fries good.  My boyfriend got The Full Monty and the ciabatta bread was so good!The Hangover omelet was so big and looks very filling.The Frozen Hot Chocolate was fair.  It tasted like hot chocolate but in frozen form like a cold chocolate latte. Not my personal favorite.Tips to this eatery: Pick a better hostess. She is the first person consumers will meet.
2	I hate feeling like I've been ripped off.  Average food for double to triple the price!  Makes me sick to think people can charge $15 for an ok-average-ish hamburger and get away with it.  I would rather have gone to Carls for a $6 burger.  I won't go back! :/
4	My co-worker has been talking about how good Serendipity's " Frozen Hot Chocolate" it was from her last visit. So, on Saturday night after the CES show we decided to go to Serendipity for dinner and frozen hot chocolate. I have to agree with with my co-worker, the foods at Serendipity were delicious specially the Mocha frozen hot chocolate. I had the crab cake salad and my co-worker had the Thai beef salad. Both salads were good and right portion size that save us enough stomach space to enjoy our frozen hot chocolate. However, the service was sorta slow, it took then 30 min to serve us the salad that's why I took off one star from the rating. Otherwise, this a good place to eat at Vegas where they serve" normal" food beside steaks and expensive food I believe. I will definitely go back again to try the frozen hot chocolate =)
2	This place gets 2.5 stars.I went to the original one in NYC and I remember it being more whimsical and better back then. My group of friends wanted to go really badly, and at the end of the day, I ended up going with 3 guys-- all of whom were super stoked to go. Unfortunately it was a disappointing experience for everyone. ATMOSPHERESame decor as the one in NYC but not as cramped. The music made it less cute (they were blasting hip hop) and service sucked.There weren't any tables available so we sat at the bar. Bad idea... (explanation below)FOODWe came here for the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE, which was way more magical in our heads. Most people got their own, but my boyfriend and I decided to share because I knew how big the portions were. It's honestly enough for 2 people to share and the bartender even asked my 2 guy friends if they were going to share one, haha.The frozen hot chocolate was good, but it wasn't anything special. What totally broke our spirits was seeing them make it. Since we sat at the bar, we discovered that the coveted HC was POWDER MIXED WITH ICE... it pretty much shattered our hopes and dreams, making the experience way less enjoyable.Overall, this place is TOO overrated and overpriced. There are better places to blow your money in Vegas!
2	Saw this place walking on the strip and it looked really cool with the outdoor seating overlooking it. Also being from NY I know this place seems to be a hit. First we tried to be seated, and had to walk to the back of the restaurant and thru all the tables only to walk back to the front. A little strange but OK.  Our server was really nice and helpful while he was at our table but once he left it was hard to get his attention about something. I ordered a burger because i was indecisive about what to get, and figured it was hard to mess up. Boy was I wrong. Meat was almost inedible. My boyfriend also ordered a burger but double but it didn't come with a bun? So we had to pay extra for one? He was find with his but he eats anything so that doesn't say much. Needless to say I didn't eat my burger so naturally there was room for dessert. Deep fried Oreo sundae! OMG! I see why this place is known for their desserts, it was really good, very creative and decadent!  Could only eat about 25% between me and my boyfriend. I wouldn't go back to that specific location or maybe try the NYC location and just stick to the desserts.
3	I don't get the hype over the frozen hot chocolate. It was good, but wouldn't it be better to have a chocolate milkshake or actual hot chocolate? All the other dishes ordered in the 2 consecutive days that we went (mac 'n cheese, "one-eyed" jack, footlong hot dog with condiments, sweet potato fries, coleslaw) were pretty solid. The bill does make your eyes pop out a little but the meal leaves you pretty satisfied.True story: Made my own frozen hot chocolate by melting Ghirardelli chocolate in milk and put it in the freezer. Tastes a lot better and smoother and I spent less than $5 to make it.It's been more than 2 weeks since I've been here and I still wish I got a different dessert. *sips frozen hot chocolate*
3	Went here for lunch before checking out of Caesar's Palace. My friend said to try the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE and it was out of this world!  It's made from 20 different types of chocolate and comes with whipped cream. IT WAS OUT OF THIS WORLD!  The waitress said that they want people to order it first so that they can enjoy it fully on an empty stomach and it can also be your drink to compliment your meal. You have a choice of a single or cup that serves two. It costs $10 for the single and $14 for the double.  The single cup was huge for one person but soo good I wouldnt recommend sharing! lolI had the HANGOVER OMELET which was decent but the upside is that it's the hugest OMELET EVER! It had bacon, fries, cheese and the waitress told me they use a total of 8 eggs for each omelet! TALK ABOUT FATTY! It also came with a choice of steak or sweet potatoe fries.  WAY TOO MUCH CARBS especially with fries already in the omelet. The price was a little high for an omelet but you definately get the biggest portion I've ever seen. IT WAS HUGE TWSS!My uncle got their hot chocolate mocha cappicino which came in a huge coffee cup. The waitress was really nice, she forgot about it and didnt charge us once we reminded her.The downs of this place is that in the winter it's way too cold to eat outside even with their heaters (which are super weak by the way).  If you're there when its cold, wait a few minutes and be seated inside.  Although the patio area over looks las vegas BLVD and had a great ambiance!  The prices are a little too much for the meals they offer and theyre not the best.  I give the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE 5 stars though!They also accept the TOTAL REWARDS PLAYER CARD so I was able to get most of my meal comp'd through the players card!I will definately come back to try out more desserts in the future and get the Frozen Hot Chocolate again!
2	over-hyped much like its NY sister spot.  we came here for lunch on a nice saturday during our trip and opted to sit outside near the strip.  great spot to people watch and take in some good weather.  too bad the food doesn't match.we had heard about how good the grilled cheese was and given how much my wife loves grilled cheese sandwiches this seemed like a great fit.  unfortunately it was on the lunch menu and we barely missed it but we figured that we could ask and they could whip it together.  they told us that there would be absolutely no way they can do it.  we asked the waitress to ask the kitchen to see if they could but it and they said that there was no way.  mind you this is only about 15 minutes after the lunch menu was closed.  if they were out of ingredients they could've told us and we would've left it be but they just came off as there is no way we can do it.  so my wife ended up ordering a cheeseburger with no burger.  when the waitress came back after taking the order, the chef told her that they can make a grilled cheese.  awfully a lot of back and forth for just a grilled cheese sandwich!  so after all that, how was it?  meh.  we've had better and especially for a lot less money and hassle.  it was pretty oily from what we remember and the cheese wasn't at that nice melty stage that it should be at.i ended up w/ a chicken open-faced and the frozen hot chocolate.  the sandwich was OK but nothing i'd die to go back for.  the frozen hot chocolate was pretty good and better than the one i had in NY.  but it's just a slushier version of a milkshake.it did the job.  we were hungry and it sustained us but the annoyance with getting a grilled cheese sandwich along with the mediocre food left a bad impression with us.  don't go here unless there's no wait and you just need something to tide you over to something better.
2	Disappointing for sure. Everyone waaaaaaaaay over-hyped the "Frozen Hot Chocolate". In the weeks leading up to this last Vegas trip, all I heard about was how I had to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate because it was sooooo amazing. But having now tried it, for the price, way not worth it - it's icy and too powder-y tasting. I would much rather have a chocolate frosty from Wendy's, that's much more like frozen hot chocolate, and doesn't cost $10+ dollars.I would say skip this place. There's other (and probably better) places to try on the Vegas strip.
1	My girlfriend has been asking to go here, so we decided to go before going to a show on 1/8/11.  It was a chilly night so the inside was busy, but the outside was pretty open, so we decided to ask for outside seating (there were heaters to make it doable).  We were seated pretty quickly which was nice, but that was the only nice thing.  After being seated, a server never even came to our table to ask if we wanted drinks.  We sat there for 30 minutes waiting without even getting acknowledged by the two waiters working the area even when we tried to get their attention.  3 groups were seated after us and received service.  I could understand if it was busy and they didn't have enough staff to cover the outside, but from the looks of it, the 2 servers outside were just plain pissed off about something and it wasn't that busy.  30 minutes is an inexcusable amount of time to wait to even have a server take a drink order.It's too bad because the food sounded good.
4	Tip: No need to wait if you're dining alone. That is, if it's not too busy. Just get yourself a seat at the counter and you can put your order in right away. Got their kobe beef sliders and a frozen hot chocolate. The two complimented each other extremely well. *pats self on back* Juan was very nice and respected my request to make the hot chocolate as soon as I got my burgers. The lady next to me was curious about my drink and asked if it was good. A simple nod and a smile (couldn't talk with my mouth full) was enough to have her convinced. Another positive about being at the counter? Should someone happen to order the hot chocolate (me in this case), there's often some leftover in the blender. Juan poured it into small cups and served it to the rest of the customers around me. How nice! After one sip, the same lady agreed  that it was good stuff. Couldn't finish the rest of mine, but Juan offered to place it in a cup to go. Sah-weet! Glad to know my $10 was made worthwhile. Don't know if I would throw down on the hot chocolate every time I was in town, but at least I can say that I've tried it.
4	Fun Place!  It has a great location right on the Las Vegas Strip outside of Caesars Palace.  The decor is whimsical and inviting.  I did have the famous "frozen hot chocolate" and it was delicious!  The portions are huge and the prices are high so if you're on a diet or a budget I recommend sharing!  It was $50 for lunch.  We ordered 2 meals and hot chocolate for 2.  Yep, kinda of expensive but it is Vegas so I say... Go for it!  You're on Vacation!
2	It was alright, but overpriced. Ordered the chili cheese dog with avocado, and they seriously gave me 3-4 slices of THINLY sliced avocado... WTF? The service sucked, it was cold as fuck outside and they sat us by the door... which was fine until they decided to keep the door open because "it smells like food, so we are going to keep it open". We asked if we could move to another table because we were cold (it was low 40's) and the waitress gave us shit attitude about it and, the manager I believe, had to check if we could. I didn't really see why since there were 3-4 open tables and maybe 2 parties waiting to be seated.The waitress didn't even bother helping us move our drinks to the other table, not that I couldn't pick up my cup and move it, but they had already brought plates and utensils out. But we seriously had to move the stuff ourselves... so I left a shit tip.Would have received a 3, but the service dragged it down.
1	I was excited to try this place out but I was sadly disappointed. The menu wasn't anything too exciting. The pizza was served bland. SMALL PORTIONS! not good for the price! Their famous frozen hot choco was OK. Honestly it wasn't anything too special either. My moms made that before just without the whip. The service is friendly though which made it a star! I wouldnt come back at all! sorry
3	You can definitely get your sugar fix at this place! I went to Serendipity 3 with my mom and 2 sisters. We just had dinner and wanted dessert. We ordered the Frozen Hot Chocolate and the Forbidden Broadway Sundae. The Frozen Hot Chocolate was good but not GREAT as so many people said it to be. My sister loves it. She actually bought the the mix to make it at home. Then there was the Forbidden Broadway Sundae. This sundae was huge! A gigantic mountain of rich chocolate cake topped off with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, and hot fudge! YUM! ..the 4 of us couldn't take down the sundae. There's too much and it's soooo sweet! I think I downed 2 big glasses of water after eating this. Overall I think this place is alright, just overpriced. The frozen hot chocolate was $11 and the sundae was $14...yikes!.. But Serendipity 3 is cute and fun to share dessert with your loved ones :)
3	Not sure if this place really lives up to all the hype.  There was about an hour and a half wait on a Sunday afternoon.  Once we got in, the waiter was super attentive and helpful.  We got the frozen hot chocolate, some coffees, and onion rings.The frozen hot chocolate was pretty, but nothing really out of this world.  Just like a frozen hot chocolate, literally.  A little steep at $14 (for a "large," $11 for a "single").  My mochaccino was quite yummy.  My brother's Tiffany espresso was tiny, with sprinkles.  Interesting and cute, but an extra $1 for a few sprinkles?  I dunno...  The onion rings came in this impressive stack, about 8 total.  Nice and thick.  The salty was welcome after so much sweet.The waiter also suggested the nachos, sliders, and hot dogs.  We didn't get them, but we did see neighboring tables with them.  Had we not had dinner plans in a few hours, we might have tried them too.All in all, an OK experience.  Not sure if it's worth all the hype, price, and wait, but perhaps worth at least one visit if you've never been, just cuz the ambiance is pretty cute.  Perhaps a stop by the "To Go" window outside in the future...
3	This place is definitely 5 stars when it comes to taste, but the prices make it a 3. I agree, it's over priced but yet sooooooooooooo yummy! You should definitely treat yourself to Serendipty's if you've been good. Peanut Sin City Frrrrozen hot mocha is delicious!! I'm still craving it, yet i'm so far away now. I also had the Mac & Cheese. How the hell can they make a mac & cheese sooooooo good? This is definitely a place to experience...just dont think about the price & have a good time! Cheers!
3	I got a HUGE pot of their mac and cheese- it was extra cheesey and pretty filling.  They don't use gourmet cheese but a basic yellow, American cheese baked gooey with a crispy topping.  My friends got their tortilla salad (pretty big, very basic) and their grilled cheese with tomato soup.  The grilled cheese was extra thick with a yellow cheese, and the tomato soup tasted like Campbell's.We came here to eat dinner, but most everyone there was there for dessert- I'm sure their dessert was better than their food!
2	Came here to try their famous frozen hot chocolate.  The frozen hot chocolate was OK.  I do not see how it is "frozen" or "hot".  It is basically a cold chocolate drink.  Not frozen and not hot.Our server was grumpy too.  No smile, looked like she was mad or hates her job.
4	Mmm This is my second time coming here and I still love the place and the food! I was excited to come here and finally get my big giant donut and my frozen hot chocolate... Unfortunately, they didn't have the donut that day I came and ate. SAD FACE x 10!!!! No worries, I made due with what was on the menu and got the donut later on in the week.Okay, moving on from my story to the review of this restaurant. We came in around 11ish on a Tuesday morning to grab some lunch. We were greeted and seated and looking through the menu. I already knew I was going to get a frozen hot chocolate and I decided to try their ABC burger. This was the avocado, brie and caramelized onion burger...(Can you say YUMMMM!!!). I was a huge burger and I had to break the burger up because it was so huge! I was in love with the bun! It was a one of a kind bun with a very soft texture and sweet taste. I never really thought of ever putting brie on my burger but I guess I will now!!! The serve was a hit. Our waitress made sure we were taking care of, was uberly nice and made recommendation. I enjoyed having her as my waitress. You would think that from the sound of my review they should be receiving 5 stars but what knocked it down was my donut! So I was happy on tuesday but when I came back friday to get a donut (I am not asking for much....just a big giant donut!) I was welcome by an unfriendlier staff members that didn't really seem to want to help me until I was finally helped by the bartender. Everyone kept telling me to go outside the to go bar to get it but...it was 11:10 and they were still not opened....not cool! Luckily the bartender grab me the donut form the back.  Overall, depending on the day, the service can be either a hit or a miss. The food was pretty good for me to return. If you're a chocolate lover...go try the frozen hot chocolate!
4	Note: I'm biased because I love the movie Serendipity and this restaurant would really have to mess up in order for me to give them anything under 3 stars.Service:Our server was really cool and really took care of us.  She put up with annoying jokes and was all smiles.  She brought out our food quickly and checked back on us frequently.Food:A friend got the hang-over omelet and it was huge.  It was probably enough food to feed a starving family.The crab and artichoke dip was done quite well with large pieces of crab meat.  The dish was well-plated and came looking like a million bucks.Infamous frrrozen hot chocolate -- delicious and just as good as I remembered from vising the NY store a few years back.Pizza - served on a wooden paddle, it looked ginormous when it arrived.  They did a poor job slicing the pizza into manageable pieces.  Price:Things seem a bit overprice when you view them on the menu.  $15 for an omelet? However, when you see the portions arrive you soon realize you are actually getting your money's worth.Overall:I really enjoyed my time here.  Not sure if it was the good company, the good service, the good food, or all of the above.  I probably won't eat a full meal here next time im in town, but will return for their desserts.
2	I won't be running back to this place. It was disappointing.  I had an omellete which was ok, a lot of the food the waitresses carried by looked like big portions and a nice presentation of pub food types of things. The ice cream sundaes were a big disappointment. Ordered the 11 dollar traditional sundae and paid extra for a second sauce topping--that's fine except they basically left out the FIRST topping, so it's good thing I paid extra for the second topping or else there woulda been NO topping.  Ice cream is supposed to be their thing, so they really need to bring up the standard here because it was NOTHING special at all, and was in fact substandard.  It's in a good location and it's good to see the site right on the strip of Ceasar's being utilized but the decorating could use some oomph and you have to go outside the restaurant to a public bathroom that was like a parking garage bathroom and it was very cold out there.  I'll go to one of the gelato places next time instead.
4	FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE.I would give it 5 stars but the price for food here is RIDIC!Love the ambience, we sat outside but it was quite cold. A table inside can be a long wait 45min-1hr on a good day. And it does get freeezing in vegas. Our seats we're right next to the Caesars fountain [aka splash zone] so I was freezing. Plus the heater wasn't working :[We ordered the ABC burger [$16.50] with Sweet Potato Fries and frozen hot chocolate and split the meal which was perfect! Cause the burger was huge! I wouldn't have been able to finish it. We also had a coupon for buy one entree and receive a free frozen hot chocolate. Score! So we were forced to order food.ABC Burger was really good actually, but NOT $16.50 good. The avocado really made the burger plus it was really juicy and cooked just right. Sweet potato fries were pretty delish too, they don't give you any special sauce except for ketchup which was lame. But stick to the dessert, you wont regret it! We came back here the next day and ordered the Oreo Frozen Hot Chocolate which was good too but we like the original hot chocolate better.Stick to the hype. LOL!
2	So I decided to give in to the hype and we got our drink to go, and for $15 it was completely overrated!  The frozen hot chocolate tasted like something that could have been easily made at home, so I wasn't super impressed.  I agree with the other reviewer, Coffee Bean is definitely better and has less sugary options.
4	Although this place lacks the ambiance and vibe of its NY location, they still get the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE right. (IMO, that's really all that matters) Don't get me wrong, the decor is still wacky, but for some reason it doesn't feel as special as the one in NY. On a brighter note, this location is well-lit and spacious. I didn't feel as claustrophobic as I did in NY.  Food here is just meh. I'd rather come here for the sweets. Granted that their portions are HUGE, I don't think S3 disappoints in getting you full.  My recommendation is to come here to have a frozen hot chocolate or half a sundae, AFTER your meal from somewhere else.Bonus points from me for having an ordering station outside.  This way I don't feel like such a jerk for only wanting to order a drink.4-stars for the love of frozzzzzen hot chocolate. 3-stars for the rest.
3	Their stuff is pretty creative and filling. We had a party of 17 and the service was on point. They even threw in a free frozen hot chocolate for the birthday girl, but let me tell you..not worth it! Me and my friend shared a white chocolate one and it really wasn't anything special, the fried oreos on the other hand looked scrumptious! I definitely want to give that a try next time! Everything was made for sharing and I suppose the prices aren't all too bad, but it is definitely a bit pricey! It's really worth a visit!
1	Serendipity was on our list of MUST DOs in Vegas this trip & when they told us. 30 minute wait we figured it would be worth it...  Once at the table we weren't greeted for over 20 mins & only with a "will be with u in a minute" 15 mind later we still hadn't even ordered drinks.. We asked a hostess two times for our waitress & she was rude and never got her or asked if she could help us.. Then the manager came out to deal with another table & we had to get up & go to HER to voice out complaint... we told her we wanted our food put in all together including dessert & wanted our checks done within the hour as we had a show to be at...... Another 10mins before water finally came out!  the food was. Amazing however they had the nerve to add 18% gratuity to our bill!  Will never go again at this location! HORRIBLE SERVICE!
1	There we were during Restaurant Week, exploring the finer things in life. We decided on a more of a dessert kind of feel dinner, and so we decided on a place called Serendipity 3. Located right off the strip in front of Caesars, it definitely wasn't an easy restaurant to access. As soon as we were seated our waiter just dropped off menus without saying one word and let us be. After what seemed like an eternity, the waiter finally came back and asked us if we were ready to order. I then immediately asked if I can get the restaurant week menu. The waiter then replied saying that there were no specials that he was aware of. I literally busted out my phone and showed him that Serendipity 3 was a part of restaurant week and showed him the specials. He then left and asked one of his fellow colleagues that acknowledged that they did have a restaurant week menu. So the waiter comes by and finally acknowledges that there was a special menu, without any sort of an apology. He took our order and then left. I'm a very patient person when it comes to bad service. What I mean is I have taken a lot of crap without complaining, but this guy was just the worst. First of all he was very soft spoken, and had a very bad attitude problem. What's the first rule of working in the service industry? Leave your problems at the door, and put a smile on your face. This guy definitely needed a lesson in service. Anyways, after all the rude remarks and attitude he gave us while ordering, our food finally came out. Before our food even came out, I noticed the waiter just went around and asked everyone else how they were doing, and completely ignored us. I was without a drink for 15 plus minutes, and did I mention the food came out very slow. I can tell it wasn't the cooks fault, it was our waiter. My chicken dish I've ordered was cold to the core; not even a little feel of warmth. I just let it slide and finished my dinner. The most anticipated part of the meal finally came out, dessert. I've noticed that he has gotten our order wrong, and then informed him of his mistake. Once again without any apology he just takes the plate without a word. I can see his facial expression of disgust as he walked away. The nerves of this guy were incredible! To make the story short, we enjoyed our dessert very much.  Needless to say our waiter never came back after correcting his mistake. My friends and I sat there socializing for a long period of time.  All I can hear is the slurps from the straw, since the drinks were empty. Honestly I just wanted the check so we can leave, but our waiter was nowhere to be found.  When I finally saw our waiter, I politely tried to gain his attention. He totally just ignored me and walked on by. Finally I went up to the front and asked if I could get my check, and the hostess instructed us to ask our waiter. At this point I was furious and asked for a manager. The manager was very nice and offered us a complimentary lunch on them. One thing I believe the manager made a mistake was when he said, "Yeah, we get complaints on him all the time." When I heard that, in my head I was like, "Then why is he still working here!?" Thanks to that rude waiter, I will never go back to Serendipity again. I even have a complimentary meal, but no thanks!
4	Fun spot! Frozen hot chocolate and sweet potato fries were boommbb!!
1	I missed this place last time I came to Vegas so this time I was determined to go here. 35 as I expected . I thought that this place must be amazing.Our hostess had no personality and did not make us feel welcomed. We sat down in 35 and got a patio seating. I was thrilled. This is when it went down hill. Our server apparently touched our table and said she would be there in a minute . I didn't even know who she was. 25 min went by and still no server. This place obviously doesn't have team work because NO ONE came by. My friend pointed out our server and she just kept walking circles around us. I had to ask te host to find our server for us ( where she said yes but felt is necessary to keep setting tables). GUEST ARE YOUR 1st PRIORITY!! We asked to see a mgr. Who kindly expedited our food out quickly. Our runner ( older blonde) was friendly and and made sure we had everything thing. Our server never came by to check on us . O refills. Never smiled. Ugh! It just made the whole experience aggravation! I was irritated and never wanted to come back here again. Then , she had the nerves to put a 18% grat. F' her! Why should I reward terrible service . The only reason she got a tip is because 1 of my friends felt bad. I left 0 tip on my share and same withe others around me! Older middle aged lady with brown hair! WORST SERVER AWARD to her!The star goes to the runner and he deep fried Oreos !
4	MUST TRY if you have a major sweet tooth!The Frozen Hot Chocolate is definitely something you must try.  That in itself earns this restaurant 4-stars.  The ambiance of the restaurant is very playful yet chic.  Imagine big swirly lollipops; humongous gum ball machines; black, pink, and white accents everywhere.. frills and just all things girly!!  I also really like their outdoor patio seating.  It's right on the Strip, so you can still see the hustle and bustle of Vegas.  We mostly go there for the desserts, but I've tried their burgers a few times.  I must admit, the food is a bit overpriced.  You're essentially paying for the atmosphere and presentation of the food.  However, portions are fairly large too!
4	I went here because of John Cusack!No idea there was a Serendipty in Vegas, but I'm super glad there is. And even though tall, dark, and handsome wasn't there, the famous frozen hot chocolate was. I'm so happy it wasn't over-hyped. Tasted like ... creamy, slushy Ovaltine. With real whip cream. If I had enough room, I would've wanted another one. It's way expensive ($16.50 for a burger!), but it's Vegas. At least the portions are HUGE. The boy ordered the steak sandwich and it was as long as his arm (it was really good, too). I had the uber juicy burger with avocado, brie (my favorite cheese on a burger - you don't see it often as an option), and caramelized onions. The onion rings were crispy and the batter was tasty, but I didn't think it went with the parmesan that was dusted on top. Big con was that the french fries were OVERLY salted. AND because it was sea salt there were huge chunks of salt everywhere. The outdoor area is nice, the indoors is fun and flirty, and the fried oreos are ... sin. Try one. And one is pretty much enough.
3	I was in town with my wife and a number of friends for CES this year when someone requested to visit Serendipity 3 for dessert.  She had seen it featured on either the Travel channel or Food Network or something.  She mentioned they have a $1000+ sundae with gold flakes and all kinds of ridiculous stuff, but she really wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate.  So after lunch at Enoteca, we headed down the strip and went to give this place a shot.We grabbed a table outside and went to order our treats from the outside window.  I observed that the prices were pretty high for the various offerings available, so a couple friends and I opted to share the large frozen hot chocolate ($10+).  Another couple of friends got one too, and a giant doughnut.We got our giant cup of fro-ho-cho and dug in.  Effectively, it's like a milk shake with a slightly grainier texture.  Very sweet and good, but nothing super amazing.  The doughnut looked really good and astonishingly massive, but it was still an average doughnut.Unfortunately, that's all we really got from Serendipity 3, but here's the limited assessment I can make...Summary: Lots of treats.  Kind of expensive but large portions/sizes.  Frozen Hot Chocolate (fro-ho-cho, anyone?) is like a milkshake with a little bit of a grainy texture.  Good and sweet but not amazing.  Doughnuts are massive.  No parking other than Caesar's valet to get here, so I recommend walking to it if you are nearby.  Overall, good but need to try more to get a really good perspective.
3	Consider me starstruck when I saw they had the famous Serendipity of New York City fame in Las Vegas, and right across from my hotel no less. But in the end, I was left disappointed. It's a tad overrated. The decor is very adorable, like a retro ice cream parlor (which the world needs more of!) which is why it appealed to me so much. Thinking back, I'm not sure I would've paid $12 for that bowl of overly sweet, frrrrroze hot chocolate in 50 degree rainy weather. It seemed like such a good idea at the time....My friend and I also shared the mac & cheese which looked and smelled amazing, but the cheese was too overwhelming and neither of us could finish it. Which is very disappointing as we both LOVE mac & cheese, so it's saying a lot when we couldn't finish. The only thing about the night that had a unanimous raving review is the SWEET POTATO FRIES! If you don't end up getting their famous frozen hot chocolate, at least go for the fries.
3	Portions are HUGE.JF, RC and I were lured here by the siren call of the Frozen Hot Chocolate. Since it was my and JF's first time @ Serendipity's, we were required to order the original, though the PB one caught my eye (I hear that the Oreo one tastes nasty and nothing like Oreo). It was good, but nothing special. Like other yelpers have noted, it tastes like something I could whip up at home.SERVICE: Although we had to wait 15min for our table (despite the entire resto being quite empty), our waitress was super sweet and came to check in on us often.AMBIANCE: We were seated in the far back corner overlooking the strip. It was nice and quiet, and we were right under a heat lamp.FOOD: Between the three of us we shared:- Thai Beef Salad: quite large (which made up for the $16.50 price tag), very flavorful. Lots of random inedible add-ins though (uncooked vermicelli noodles, half a coconut in shell, etc). - Side of Steak Fries: not your typical steak fries, these had an additional bread crumb (??) coating on the outside that made them extra crispy. Yum.- Can't Say No Sundae: OMG. This thing was monstrous. I wish I had taken some lactase pills or something because the amount of dairy I consumed that night was no bueno for my tummy. Man. This sundae was the size of my head. It includes a slice of whoopee pie (PB, but not that peanut buttery), coffee and vanilla ice cream, two bananas, and is topped off with a mountain of whipped cream and a cherry. Good lord. OVERALL: a fun place to try... once. If I ever come back, I will definitely be sharing anything I order... and probably no FHC.
5	OMG! The Tex-mex mucho macho salad was freakin' amazing!!! The Alfredo pasta was also amazing, but messy. The staff were super nice. We got a free frozen hot chocolate because the Casper pizza my friend ordered took a few minutes longer than the rest of our food (also very good!). Overall, I highly reccomend this resturant. The prices are decent, the portions sre huge, and everything tastes great!
3	Their frozen hot chocolate is a bit over-rated. But the food was ok...and the portions are huge...service was great!
2	I get that it's Vegas and you should expect to spend some money, but a $70 tab for some burgers and a very bad frozen chocolate is just a rip off. We went in because I loved the movie and wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate and ended up eating lunch there. The food was decent, but 16 bucks for just a burger? It was good, but not that good. However, the REAL disappointment was the frozen hot chocolate. It tasted like a blend of ice and chocolate powder, with the accent on the ice. The whole thing was watery, not sweet at all and I left HUGELY disappointed. I've had better desserts in Vegas for less than what that watery monstrosity cost. My advise is to stay away. I will say though that the service was great and their sweet potato fries were good. Overall though, it was a bad choice to try it.
4	I guess the allure of the original New York has to be experienced in the Upper East Side... I felt like it was made for a Vegas area ice cream shop. First off, it's impossible to access from the strip via car, despite the fact it's seen as right on the streetside. However, once inside and wait for your table, you can get some of the best and original sundaes ever. I went just for dessert with the family and we split a frozen hot chocolate and a fried Oreo sundae. Both were amazing, however I feel like the frozen hot chocolate was supposed to be thicker than it was. Oh well... It was still delicious and I am still intrigued to discover the atmosphere of the original NY shoppe!
1	I don't like it. I can make this crap at home and not pay $14 for frozen hot chocolate. Expensive and not worth the wait. I only gave one star because the creamy crab artichoke dip. Save your money for better food in vegas....and your time.
3	It was so disappointing to see that the Serendipity 3 in Vegas looks nothing like the Serendipity 3 in NYC. The decor has been Vegas-ified; it's the cheap knock off version of the real thing. We came in right before closing & the wait was only about 10-15 minutes. Our waiter wasn't completely unfriendly but it was obviously the end if a very long, busy shift. Our order was small & simple but still completely gluttonous:--  nachos: a humongous portion of chips (yellow corn & red-colored ones) covered with cheese, beans, tomatoes, onions & chicken. Tasty comfort food, but I can't say I'd ever get it again. We ordered it b/c you have to eat *something* before you can have dessert. -- banana split: even shared amongst three people, this was a sickeningly gigantic portion of vanilla, strawberry & chocolate ice cream topped with traditional toppings & 2 bananas. If you don't control yourself, this dessert has the potential to give you a serious tummy ache. Been there, ate that. I only needed to experience Sependipity 3 in Vegas once. The food is average, which can be said for the NYC location as well, but at least they've got the ambiance & quirky atmosphere to justify the visit.
3	The only word that comes to my mind when I think of this place now is HYPE. I got the frozen hot chocolate and it was basically a $10 chocolate shake with the small chocolate-shaving-chips inside. Worth it? No. I'd rather put that money towards some food or a Glen Livet with one ice cube. I would, however, give this place another chance for the food and maybe different flavored drink. But for the frozen hot chocolate? No.
3	I feel like everything moves slower in Vegas during the day.... Maybe that's because I was mildly hungover, or maybe that's because the service here was moving at an extra leisurely pace.  Our party of 5 lunch spent over 2 hours here.Aside from substandard service, the food was great!!  I had the Hangover Omelette and sweet potato fries.  Both were delicious, but I could only finish half of the omelette.  Also, don't forget to try the famous frozen hot chocolate!! It's AMAZING and also comes in a variety of other flavors now (peanut butter, oreo, strawberry, double chocolate, etc.)
3	I don't mean to burst anyone's bubble but I think this place is highly overrated... but their food looks really pretty? haha. In all seriousness, their presentation really does work wonders on the eyes. I had an eyegasm looking at my food as well as my friends dishes. Now let's get down to the nitty gritty of my dish: The foot-long strip steak sandwich. Both my friend and I ordered the same thing and let me tell you, they SO overcooked the steak. I asked for medium and my friend, medium rare. They both looked well done. Pretty much, everyone who ordered meat on the table had an overcooked dish. The solution?..order your meat raw. Overall, my friends and I were pretty underwhelmed with our dishes.I will, however, applaud them for their sweet potato fries; they were freaking delicious! I also had their acclaimed "Frrrozen Hot Chocolate," but found it to be mediocre. It was just too damn sweet. Our waitress was hella chill and was always checking up on us. 3-star breakdown:. wonderful presentation.wonderful service.sweet potato friesWould I come back here? Probably not.
3	We had one of their gigantic sundaes and it was tasty!
4	Well,  didn't get the traditional frozen hot chocolate which in case you were wondering is on the list of 2001 things to do before you die, but I did get an amazing hot fudge Sunday!  I love Serendipity's and have been to this one and the one in New York -- of course it all stemmed from my love of the romantic movie Serendipity. And it would be especially wonderful to share it with that special someone, but I did enjoy my delicious dessert outside in the beautifully lit garden overlooking Cesars Palace which isn't too shabby.
5	OMG my tastebuds were amongst the Gods!!! That Frozen Hot Chocolate was created in heaven..I got my wings sippin on this. I'd take the 7 hr roundtrip just to get the Frozen Hot Chocolate. It's funny how the tattoo on my neck says Serendipity...it was truly meant to be!
2	Average food for an above average price. 2 stars because they did give us great service
4	Very fun experience and we loved trying the frozen hot chocolate!
4	Great service. Fun atmosphere. Amazing food for when you just want to pig out. The only problem is there's always a 45 minute wait no matter what day or time you go, so if you don't mind waiting it's a Vegas must see :)
3	Not terrible, but not great either.  Although the decor is cute, this place is not very impressive.  I have ended up here a couple times by default.  First off, they have a brunch menu which is served until 2pm, which means you can't order off the regular menu until that time.  This is a bit of an annoyance because the selection is limited and due to dietary restrictions it's a bit difficult.  We did ask if we could order off the other menu and they said no!The food selection isn't insanely creative, it's mostly fries, burgers, salads, pancakes that sort of thing.  The decor is what make serendipity fun to eat at, not the food itself.  Wouldn't say not to go, but with all the places in vegas to eat, you can find something better easily.
4	I seriously NEVER get tired of the frozen hot chocolate here! It is NOT overrated and I love it!! Especially the peanut butter flavor....with the bits of reeses peanut butter cups at the bottom....omgggg soooooo delicious! It IS over-priced but I would still get it cuz I love it that much =PThis time I came here, there was a huge wait. But we actually ended up getting a table within 15min since I think a lot of people leave cuz they didn't want to wait too long. My two girl friends and I shared their famous hot dog that the waitress kept raving about being the best hot dog ever, but honestly...it's not very special at all. It tasted like any normal hot dog, just a lot....longer. Nothing special, just something you have to try once but I probably wouldn't order it again. We also got the crab cake salad which was pretty yummy. The salad portion is actually not too big, but their sandwiches and hot dogs are humongous. Definitely good for sharing. Next time I think I'd still stick with the sandwiches... and of course the frozen hot chocolate =P the usual.
4	$1000 Opulence Sundae Anyone? I don't think I would personally pay $1000.00 bucks for a sundae even if I had the money. I've seen this featured on Tv many many times thats why I decided to try out Serendipity 3 and I loved the movie as well.  Although, I didn't order the opulence I tried their ABC Burger Avocado, Brie and Caramelized Onions. The patty itself was very flavorful so add the freshness from the avocado, the creaminess from the brie and the sweetness from the onions.... Simple but explosion of good flavors. I absolutely loved that burger. I also just had my wisdom teeth pulled so technically I shouldn't be eating a burger yet but I couldn't resist. I also ordered sweet potato fries with my burger and it was DIVINE! I'm not a burger person but I do have cravings once in awhile and this definitely did it for me. We also tried the Chilli Cheese Dog, for $15 it's nothing special just the dog being 3 times thicker than a usual dog, probably should have tried something else.Love the decor! It's almost like a tea party feel to it. Fun place check it out.
3	If it wasn't for the rude B!TCH hostess and weird waiter, I would have given this 4 stars. I've never, in my whole life of eating, experienced such a bitchy ass hostess. And the waiter overcharged my friends credit card by $20 or $40, i don't remember which one. But lets get to the food..DELICIOUS!!!! I shared the kobe sliders and chicken strip appetizers. The sliders were so perfect looking I didn't even want to eat them! It looked like fake burgers. They were so juicy and cooked to perfection.. The chicken tenders were great also! It comes with different dipping sauces and is breaded very nicely. After we all shared a sundae.. 5 girls couldn't even finish a small, but it was SOOO GOOD. I had a food baby when we hit the club afterwards, but it was well worth it!
2	Get ready to pay. The food is alright, for some big portions. And I enjoyed it all. But, really, this diner type food is overpriced. I guess you're in Vegas, and you have to be expected to loosen up the purse strings. But you can make the same counter argument because you're in Vegas too. Saving grace = frozen hot chocolate. This is what they're famous. So it better be orgasmic, right? And oh was it. I could've easily passed up on dinner and just had the Oreo Frozen Hot Chocolate for the night. So yum yum! Come here for desert for sure!
3	I was really excited to try this place for the first time...and I wasn't completely blown away. We ordered outside at the window and found tables and chairs on the patio. We ordered just about every flavor of the frozen hot chocolates. The ones I liked the best were the regular, white chocolate, and peanut butter. They tasted great, but I'm not sure that they're worth $10 each...but then again I didn't have to pay, so it wasn't a complete loss. They came in plastic cups with two straws...I saw pictures of the frozen hot chocolate in glassware and that was what I was expecting. I guess you have to order inside for that? Ordering outside is pretty convenient; we sat around to chat and then grabbed them to drink as we walked around Caesar's Palace. I might come back next time I'm in Vegas to try the food...
1	The service really deserves 0 stars, it required 20 minutes and the effort of 4 people to put some lettuce and chicken in a plastic dish and whip up a frozen hot chocolate! The real kicker... I paid $30 for the salad and drink! I could have done the Wynn buffet for nearly the same price.
3	Serendipity is one of the most romantic movie of all time. I thought this would be a perfect place to take my Fiance for her b-day. Yes, I do have to admit that I am a hopeless romantic. The restaurant reminds me of diner back in the 50's. The lively crowd, the colorful decor and Jammin' Music created an Amazing atmosphere that made our experience here Super Duper Fun! We were seated on the patio and it made it just more romantic. We started off with the Kobe Sliders with a side of sweet potatoes fries and to top it off with the Frozen Hot Chocolate. The Sliders were not memorable and just plain average. The sweet potatoes fries was crispy and tasted sweet as potato pie. I would have to say this was the best part of the meal. Now on to the finale, the infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate. It came out melted and it reminded me of frozen chocolate shake. I was not impressed with the price ($14) or the taste! I think McDonald's chocolate shake will give Serendipity a run for their money. LOL j/k I think that is going a little overboard. To top it off the waiter was no where to be found. I guess you can say you are just paying for the ambiance and the experience of being here. Don't believe all the HYPE!
3	Went here tonight with my boyfriend for valentine's day. The food was pretty good, but the service was pretty awful. We started off with the spudkins (potato skins) for an appetizer, which were really good and a big portion. My boyfriend got the steak sandwich, which he thought was okay/good. I ordered the high heel pump sandwich (prosciutto, mozzarella, arugula, tomatoes, etc). It had great flavor, but was piled with so many tomatoes, I had to take the majority of them out just so I could taste something other than tomatoes. Both sandwiches were huge and came with fries, which I thought was good for the price. We also ordered the frozen hot chocolate for dessert since so many people seem to love it and recommend it. I love all types of sweets but my boyfriend and I both agreed the frozen hot chocolate was definitely nothing special. While we enjoyed most of the food, we were sooo disappointed by the service. About two minutes into receiving our appetizer, the waiter brought out our sandwiches (this is something that realllly annoys me). Then, we went through the entire meal without our waiter checking on us once, which meant no drink refills when we needed it. After about a half hour, our waiter finally came over to refill our drinks which we then waited about another 15 minutes for him to do so. We also noticed that his other tables were not being waited on as well..(Not to mention, the place was not busy by any means) Once our dessert came, our waiter asked us how we liked the frozen hot chocolate... twice... within a couple minutes of each other. We both came to the conclusion that he seemed to be a little drunk!  Overall, the food has good flavor and comes in very generous portions for the price you're paying. However, the service is definitely not the best.
3	We went here twice on our vacation. First time I got the Steak Sandwich. This thing was monstrous, it was 3 small steaks, 3 sunnyside eggs, covered in cheese and sauce, inbetween 2 pieces of sub bread. For $20 it was a great portion size, and tasted pretty good but not great.Second time I got a The Full Montey, a grilled chicken sandwhich with bacon and vegis. The chicken was way overcooked, and not enough sauce. So it was very dry. The desserts were pretty good but not amazing.Conclusion: Great place to have something quick and cheap on a patio right on the strip, but don't expect an amazing meal.
1	My husband and I met a girlfriend of mine and her date.  She had heard the frozen hot chocolate was amazing so she and her date ordered it.  My huband and I split the nachos appetizer and the frozen Oreo dessert.  My friend and her date's desserts came out first...they each took and drink and had a funny look on their faces...we asked what was wrong and they both said "hmmm not at all what we were expecting".  They drank a little bit more.  Her date commented on how it was really dark chocolatey...He wasn't happy and wanted to send it back.  However, our waiter was nowhere to be found.  My friend was very disappointed considering all the build-up she had heard.  The nachos were good.  Not the best ever.  My husband, who is one of the biggest sweet tooths I have ever met, had a drink of our dessert and also had a funny look on his face.  He said the same thing...it wasn't what he expected.  I tried 1 sip...it had a strange, almost slushy like texture.  We didn't even finish the desert.  I doubt we'll go back there.  Our bill (spliting an appetizer, spliting a desert, and drinking tap water) was over $30.Since it is on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Flamingo, plan on walking!  We parked in the Caesars garage.  My friend's date parked in the Flamingo parking garge.  Not sure which is closer.  If you're not looking to walk, I'd suggest valet at Caesars.On the way home, we stopped at baskin and robins to have some real ice cream!  Then I heard from my friend in the morning...she and her date stopped by Jack in the box for a real dessert, as well!  LOL!
3	After watching that movie setendipity (starring john cusack & kate beckinsale), we decided 2 try this place out. The wait wuz 2 long 2 eat inside, so we ordered outside which wuz so much quicker. Cute place, the frozen hot chocolate wuz delish!!! We also ordered the foot long hot dog which wuz good. Mini sliders not worth the price. 3 lil hamburgers smaller than the usual sliders. Serendipity is a place u need 2 go once & thats it...
3	This place is really cool for the atmosphere because it's fun, friendly and the IN-place to be.We were told the wait was about 45 minutes to an hour, but were seated after about 30 minutes.  It's really a lot like Johnny Rockets.  I really didn't know what to order so I asked the waitress who recommended the frozen hot chocolate. It was good, not spectacular, but good.  It kinda sucked that it cost about $10 though, especially since I didn't finish it.  I also ordered the tomato soup and sweet potato fries, which I completely finished. My husband ordered a burger with regular fries and he finished his meal too.It wasn't the best place we've been to, but it was good.
3	Lured here by the promise of amazing Frozen Hot Chocolate I was determined to try Serendipity.  I originally wanted to eat outside on the patio and order at the take-out window, but the windows were closed for some reason...why?  The wait to be seated was 45 minutes when I arrived, so I asked if there was to-go inside and I was directed to the bar.  Since there was an available seat at the bar, I decided to stay and eat there.  Unfortunately the line of to-go orders was right next to my seat and it's hard to enjoy your meal when loads of hungry and cranky hot chocolate seekers are hovering over your food.  (HINT: this could have been solved by opening the take-out window.) FOOD: Root Beer Float: $14 I ordered a mixed drink called Root Beer Float which came out looking like a milk shake, but was filled with alcoholic yummyness that warmed me up inside. Mmmmm! :)Cheeseburger with Sweet Potato Fries: $14 The burger was OK, nothing special.  The fries were good, but not great. Frrrozen Hot Chocolate: $10 Their signature drink was good, but not as good as I imagined.  I actually liked the mixed drink better. I do think I might like to try sharing the $15 (for two) size. SERVICE: Service was great, the bartender was nice and attentive. OVERALL: I think Serendipity should stick to the desserts and make them easier to get at.  Maybe open a bigger bar outside or just do desserts inside the restaurant.
3	I first caught wind of Serendipity years ago when I watched a movie titled, Serendipity. Although it's set in New York, I found out there was a location in Las Vegas as well and made it a priority to visit it.1 Star - For being adorable!1 Star - For their menu selection and massive portions1 Star - For it being delicious, of course!-1 Star - It's small and crowded (our wait time was about 45 minutes)-1 Star - They don't have their own restroom so you have to go past the cafe and down some stairs to a concrete underground bathroom area. I was honestly afraid that I was going to be raped and/or murdered down here, and literally ran in and out. Hysterical looking back at it, but at the time...pretty terrifying!! haha
4	Absolutely-Fantastic. Serendipity3 is a HOT spot in Las Vegas. Located on the street in front of Caesars Palace.
3	I was really excited to come here for a long time, and finally conned my friends into joining me. Score! Actually, it wasn't that hard to do, all I had to do was mention frozen hot chocolate.It was January 1st and we needed a hangover cure. We were told that the wait was 45 minutes, but since it was freezing and we noticed everyone's great-looking food, we stayed. Other than the hostesses barking at people to get out of the doorway (there was a huge crowd, no waiting area, and nowhere for people to really stand), the wait didn't take long at all, and we were seated after about 20 minutes. The cute decor made you feel like you were in a pretty, trendy NYC cafe. I've never visited the NYC location, but Las Vegas' all-out glamorous decor seemed like a good answer to it. Feeling particularly like lard asses, we ordered the mac and cheese, chili cheese dog, and one of the sandwiches with turkey, brie, and apple slices. And 2 frozen hot chocolates to share, of course. Our waiter was cool, upbeat, and even switched tables for us when he heard us joking that it wasn't level. I've met very few mac and cheeses I didn't like, but this one was off the charts. It came in a deep dish with a rich sauce and prosciutto chunks. So perfect for a cold, hungover day. My friend's chili cheese dog was ridiculously long and she only got about halfway through, and our other friends' open-faced sandwich was great as well. The hot chocolate was decadently delicious, but not $10 so.I liked this place for the huge menu of both healthy and comfort food, the cocktail list, great waitstaff and cute decor. I disliked the hostesses who thought they were the ish for working at such a "cool" place, the expensive prices, and the way that the bathrooms were outside the restaurant. Our food was great, but the prices still seemed overinflated and as if we were paying for the image and novelty. Glad I got to try it, though!
3	Frozen hot chocolate is what everyone orders, so I guess I must too! We waited for a little bit because we wanted an outside table, but after being seated, the place was half full (why were we asked to wait then? I don't know). We also ordered the sweet potato fries - they were good (nothing spectacular though).This place definitely satisfied our sugar cravings, but talk about some pricey dessert. I guess it's Vegas.p.s. I love their HUGE MENUS. haha
4	I didn't know there was a 3 after the restaurant name.Anyways, we went here to try out the desert. We didn't try the frozen hot chocolate, just because. We shared the apple cobbler. It was pretty good. Although I was there was more crust. Location is excellent because it's right on the strip. It's part of Caeser's Palace property, but right by the street, so you don't even have to walk deep inside the hotel. The seating outside was nice since you can people/car-watch.They not only serve deserts, but normal food too, American I think
1	This review is for the to-go cafe in the front. The line had about 9 people in it, yet it took my boyfriend 30 min to get to the front. Then after you pay, you have to go into another 15 min line to pick up your food. You should expect to get your food in 45 min after you arrive (LAME). This place should try investing in more employees to run this express cafe because I saw only 2 workers - one working the cashier and the other making the orders.As for the food, the frozen hot chocolate is tasty, but not all that it's hyped up to be. The hot dog we ordered was blah, but the sweet potato fries were delicious.I'm pretty sure I'm not going here again.
4	More of a 4.5 star rating.  I'm torn because the wait to be seated is always at least 45 minutes but at the same time it's always worth the wait.  Went here recently back to back days on my last trip to Vegas.  What can I say other than it was sooo good.  Everything we ordered was good but the shining stars were definitely the frrrozen hot chocolate and the french toast sticks.  I would highly recommend just being patient and waiting out the 45-60 minute wait.  Use that time wisely to do some jumping jacks and push-ups to burn a few calories you'll definitely pack on while enjoying what they have to offer.
5	So far we've only been here once, only tried the Original Frozen Hot Chocolate and their nachos, and I LOVE it! My husband and I came here on a Monday evening.  It wasn't too busy so we got seated quickly. The staff upfront wasn't the warmest, but our server was really good. Never been to the original one in NY but I still love it! We'll be coming back to bring our daughters next time. Definitely a MUST if you are in Vegas and have a sweet tooth. I even bought a couple canisters of the mix to take home and enjoy!
3	Because I loved the movie... I had to check out this place or at least say I've been to the Las Vegas location... It was after breakfast and not really lunch time yet so I decided to get a snack at the window line outside the restaurant.  There was a 45 minute wait for the restaurant dining so I didn't want to wait that long... but I did end up waiting over 30 minutes anyways outside. 30 minutes for a signature frozen hot chocolate that was $10 + tax!  Expensive!  It was good  and filling but not all that great. Yes, they should invest in more employees working at the "express" window because it took soooo long.  Thank goodness it was Feb and not burning hot outside.  I don't know if I will return to this location for actual dining...
4	Went on a holiday afternoon. Was packed, the wait time was 45-1hr. The hostess suggested we sit at the bar, so we did. We were sipping on our delicious drink in less than 5 mins. The bartender was very friendly & quick.Frozen Hot Chocolate was SO good. I didn't mind spending the $10. This place is turning into a must for the bf & I every time we come to Vegas.
5	Every dessert is incredibly delicious, fun, and large.  I went with my girlfriends during our Vegas trip and we ordered more than we could possibly eat but it was worth every penny.  You feel like a kid again!  It's fun to sit outside overlooking the strip too.
3	The frozen hot chocolate did not live up to it's hype! We got one with alcohol in it and you couldn't even taste the alcohol, not very much in it! I reminds me of a frappaccino. The chorizo quiche was dry, but the salad it came with was a good compliment. I guess this place is just one of those placed you have to visit because of its hype. It was OK, not great.
2	We checked out Serendipity 3 last week, and I have to say I was really disappointed. I had a great time the first time I was there, and was eager to share the fun and fabulous desserts with the rest of my party, who were first timers. The frozen hot chocolate and the sundae we ordered were good, and more than enough for the four of us. Unfortunately, the tasty desserts didn't make up for the rest of the experience.The attitudes we got from the servers and the hosts from the minute we walked in were awful, treating us more like an inconvenience rather than welcoming us. Our server was ok, but not overly personable, and only came to take our order and drop it off. He never checked in on us, and we had a hard time flagging him down for the check. Unfortunately, the biggest problem I had with the place was the music. It was BLARING and completely OVERPOWERING. It was so loud that we had to nearly shout to hear each other. It really put a damper on the whole experience. While the desert was good, and I enjoy the novelty, between the dismissive service and bad atmosphere, I'm not going to be back in a hurry.
3	I've wanted to try this place for a long time now, every time I go to Vegas I see it and the building draws me towards it. Finally got to try it during my last trip out there. The wait was ridiculous for inside seating (2 hours +) so we decided to grab some food inside of the Ceasar's food court then later go back to their outside window to order some frozen hot chocolates. The line was pretty long still for the outside and we figured out why when we got up to the window FINALLY.. the guy who was working was all by himself struggling to juggle everything all at once, poor guy.We had 7 girls so we shared two large frozen hot chocolates which are made for two people but it was just enough, just get extra straws if you're going to do so. It was really good but truthfully tasted like a typical chocolate milkshake but more chocolate flavorings which was good, I also actually liked the grittiness from the mixture.It was good to try but not worth the $8.00
2	I was expecting so much more from this place since its been featured on food network. I guess the original one in new york is better. The food was expensive for something basic, nothing special. My boyfriend and I shared a "margherita" pizza. For $14, it sure was small (well it is sin city where everything is overpriced)... there were only 4 slices and it was nothing like a margherita pizza. No fresh tomatoes and only about 10 measly shreds of basil. We also ordered the frozen hot chocolate for 2 at $14. Tasted like a plain chocolate shake... I enjoyed it  but it wasn't anything new. I also could have finished the whole thing by myself. I walked away from this place hungry and disappointed :(
4	Ahh yummm!!! The wait to be seated took about 30 minutes but it went by fast when your with good company. The place was pretty cozy and you couldn't help but look at everyones tables at what kind of dessert they chose. OMG everything looked amazing and the smiles on peoples faces when the waiter would come with their goodies. We wanted that smile haha.  Probably the only downfall of the place was it took forever forever and ever to get our food. We ordered the nachos, fettuccine, asian salad and mac n cheese with bacon bits and jalapenos. The portions were huge my goodness. When we were done eating we were soo full that we thought couldn't fit dessert in sooo we just ordered a frozen hot chocolate to go. So glad we did because it was amazing. People always ask what does a frozen hot chocolate taste like? I always say it taste likes deliciousness go try it.  I really want to try the white chocolate next time.
4	yums! the food was delish. well..depending on what you get. i really enjoyed the french toast log (half savory, half sweet) and one of my friends got the the chicken and waffles we were divine. everything else was just...so-so. same goes for the frozen hot chocolate..definitely coming back though!
2	Good people watching from the patio, but not much else.  The food is 'spensive, unappetizing, and the seating uncomfortable.  The only saving grace is that they serve Peroni beer.
4	Oh Serendipity - Where do I even start... I remember my friends got me into the movie Serendipity (Which i end up loving) and told me how the craziness of Serendipity restaurant is in New York, so when we found out about Serendipity in Vegas, we had to go and try it.First experience, the wait was too long, so we ordered outside to go.  We didn't feel like we felt the real experience, so we went the very next time we were in Vegas.FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE, YUM!! It's what they're known for so we tried it, and ever since then - i get it almost every time.Their food are pretty good, the servings are plenty, prices are pretty average.I go here pretty much every time I go to Vegas, which is at LEAST twice a year.
1	Three of us went to Serendipity 3 around 10:00 am.  the restaurant was half empty, yet we were told it would be a twenty minute wait.  When asked about the empty tables the greeter stated that "Those tables are for larger parties"  No larger parties were in site.  When asked about sitting outside the greeter stated " The patio heaters do not come on until 11:00 am and if you decide you don't like your seat, you will be placed on the bottom of the wait list" What BS.  I told the greeter that there is to many rules and left.  The hostess could care less if we ate or not.  The restaurant surely does not need repeat business, but you would think they would want to take your money, then give bad service.
5	I have since my first review tried their fried oreo sundae, nachos, summer bries sandwich, and their waffles with bananas, ice cream, and loads of whipped cream that I don't remember the name of. EVERYTHING has been delicious. I don't think I've ever found any dish to NOT be extraordinary, and neither has anyone I've gone with.
3	When I first tried this place I was amazed how good the frozen hot chocolate was and came back again when I visited Vegas.  Now, the line to get frozen hot chocolate has gotten quite long and they raised their prices by a couple dollars because of the hype it has been getting....Reason why I gave this place a 3 star is because I have found a much more better place that serves frozen hot chocolate and actually knows the craft and science behind making the best chocolate anything is Max Brenner and they are cheaper too!  If Max Brenner didn't exist then I would have given this place a 5 star.  Sorry Serendipity, you will have to be my plan B for frozen hot chocolate fixes!
4	Looong lines, and rediculously overpriced, but I'm a sucker for trendy dessert crazes and the frozen hot chocolate IS pretty darn good!  A regular is $10, and it's $14 for a large serving for two.  Unless you have Benjamins to burn, I recommend getting the bigger one and sharing with someone cuz that's the most expensive non-alcoholic drink I've ever had.  I also had sweet potato fries, which were good.  Side of ranch cost me $1.00 though!  My poor wallet.This place is worth checking out though, at least for the frozen hot chocolate...and I'll be back for another one next time I'm in Vegas!
4	I came here with a friend on a Sunday afternoon and the wait was 40mins! 40 friggin' minutes! We were hungry and figured the wait would probably be about the same everywhere we go. We put our names down and waited about 10mins or so and saw that a group that had came after us taken to sit at the bar! My friend asked how come they got seated before us. The hostess informed us we could jump right in there if we see any avail seats! Well, that would have been nice to know!!! Lucky for us not long after, a couple were leaving so my friend and i hopped on it like flies to poop!I ordered the Frrrrozen hot chocolate ($10) while my friend ordered the Frrrozen oreo hot chocolate ($14). We planned on eating at a different place after so we decided to share a BLT sandwich w.fries ($16). It was nice to sit at the bar as our frozen hot chocolate was made right in front of us. It consisted of cocoa, milk, ice, and i believe sugar was mixed in there also. It gets nicely blended and topped with a ginormous amount of whipped cream and chocolate shavings. My friend's frozen oreo hot chocolate was topped with pieces of oreos and a piece of chocolate egg roll on each side. I guess that's what an extra $4 gets you. As soon as i took a sip, I literally jizzed in my pants. Ok, not really. But it was damn good! It was not too sweet - just the perfect amount of sweetness, just perfect. I took a sip of the frozen oreo hot chocolate and it was just as good maybe even a tad bit better! It was a little more on the sweeter side though...so I prefer the original over the oreo.Moments later, our sandwich comes out and my goodness i was not expecting the BLT to be so huge! - probably a 6 x 6 cut in half...or even bigger! There were thinnly slices of turkey which was stacked to about 3 inches thick (I'm not even kidding), topped with crispy, smoked bacon (sooo good), lettuce, tomatos, the usual...everything tasted so fresh and just soooo good! I'm so glad we stayed and waited. Now we must try Serendipity in NYC! P.s. We got $5 off of $25 purchase from signing up for a Players Card at Imperial Palace right before heading here! SCORE!!
4	I came here with the Miss Universe Organization for a survey and was lucky enough to meet the talented young chef, Michael Wolf, who treated us to a plethora of delicious samples of the menu. My suggestions:- off the back order a Frrrrozen Hot Chocolate.... first (Liezl E. Put it best)- The Crab Cake Salad with the Vinaigrette is fantastic- The chicken strips are the best I have ever had (not dry or over fried)- The Pizza's are flavorful, try the pesto!- The Chicken Pot pie is also as good as it sounded, with a flakey crust and tender meat and fresh veggies.- Cheeeeeese cake..... get it, you'll love it, then want to take it to the little white chapel in Vegas to marry it.I will say this that the decor looks to cater to the Tweens and the like, but man up and head over to Serendipity 3 for a tasty, and affordable, meal!Enjoy!
1	We tried to go to Serendipity 3 for lunch, but we never actually saw a waiter. We waited about 20 minutes after being seating and saw plenty of other wait staff not making eye contact with patrons, but never found ours. It's too bad I was really looking forward to a $14 hot dog.
3	We got off the plane, dropped off our bags and headed straight for here...There was seven of us and needed food fast... We waited about 20 minutes for them to get a table together for us; just enough time to take pictures and peruse their menu outside. My friends had been raving about the Frozen Hot Chocolate, so we ordered three to share. I think because everyone wanted me love it so bad, I didn't. It was okay. It was a milkshake minus the milk and the ice cream... I wanted creamy and got icy. Meh, it was okay... but not something I would order again.We shared the onion rings between three of us. They were crunchy and thick. They came with ranch sauce, but I prefer to dip them in ketchup. I love the tangy tomato with the crunchy batter. They were dusted with parmesan, but I wasn't crazy about it.I ordered a Rueben. I had to... I love them. I need them... It was okay. The meat to bread ratio was low. I love it when the meat is piled high with lots of sauerkraut. It was a passable sandwich. It came with a side of fries in a bucket. This place is so pretty. So much pink! There are outside seats, but we sat inside because it was windy. There are souvenirs to buy and if you feel so inclined, they have the frozen hot chocolate mix so you can make it at home yourself.
4	The meat ball pasta is gigantic! The hot Chili is amazing for drunken people like me! The location is perfect and the service is ok. The chocolate chip sundae, it was like heaven in my mouth.I would say this place is perfect for anyone who goes to Vegas and doesn't know where to eat. The place is so pop out of the Strip, definitely won't have problem founding it.
3	1 star - just because I love the NYC location and the frozen hot chocolate is no other1 star - because our waiter was very helpful1 start - the food was tastyI should really give minus 10 stars for our moody, rude hostess..  Ok look, my coworker isn't that concious of customer service and yes he gave you the glare down - but you were taking FOREVER to seat us.  She said that we were "next" and then seated 4 other couples before us. Not to mention that the table we ended up sitting at was empty for no joke 15 minutes before we were sat there.  She obviously was doing it on purpose and the owners should fire her.  It's your job to put on a smile and give the customers great service and she failed.  As for the food, my coworker got a foot long chili hot dog and liked it.  I got the spaghetti and meatballs and the meatballs are made with veal, pork and beef and are huge.  Very tasty.  Thank you to our waiter for his great service.
2	10.16.10I'm being generous with the two stars.  Only because there was a foursquare check in drink special.45+ minute wait for "frozen hot chocolate"?  And we still didn't get seated?Finally had to order to go (demanded from the bride-to-be) and waltzed off to dinner.
3	I never realized they were more than just a dessert/soda shop! ive only heard of their frozen hot chocolate and I have one of their dessert cookbooks. I got the double frozen hot chocolate and i thought it was awesome! ok, now back to reality and putting into perspective, it was $11 for the single sized drink. I say that pretty damn ridiculous. Would i get it again? DEFINITELY! It was chocolatey, tasty, icy, creamy, all in the same sip. I did not get that usual watered down ice slush like i typically get with ice blended drinks. I dont know what they do but they get an A in my book! Now....I have no idea how it compares to the locations in new york and wherever else(if others even exist). They have a full blown menu with burgers, hot dogs, sandwiches, etc. I have no clue if any of that stuff is supposed to be any good.Final tip, as long as its not freezing cold outside, I recommend ordering from the take out window down the building from the door. It'll get you in and out of there alot quicker without having to wait 45minutes or even longer ive heard.
3	Lets start with the "ambiance". I would imagine dining on the outdoor patio as the weather continues to improve would make your dining experience here at Serendipity much more enjoyable. Alas, my dining experience(s) have been indoors. The restaurant is centrally located on the infamous LVBLVD, and by central I mean central for passing tourists, not for those who have made a special trip just to dine at this fine establishment. You must park at Cesar's Palace, pack a canteen, and hike to your dining destination. WEAR COMFY SHOES! Once you arrive (and find the front door, or side door, or??) you are dumped into the middle of the "dining commons" as I like to think of it. It reminds me of a lunch room cafeteria minus the buffet style and mean lunch ladies. OK, so this place isn't all bad, I promise. The staff has been generally friendly and I'll get to the food in a minute... It's been a minute..If you can get past the wacky setup (and the fact you have to walk outside, around the building and through a deserted hallway to use the restroom), you have your pick of enormous eats on this joint's menu! THE NACHOS ARE OUTSTANDING! I did venture away from my nacho comfort zone and ordered the BBQ Chicken pizza but...stick to CPK for that little diddy. The pizza was ALL crust, little cheese & toppings..nuff said. Desert. If you are looking to live on the edge and you want to partake in a desert for dinner evening, this would be your place! DELICIOUS, FATTENING, and FANTASTIC!!! So, I give this place 3 stars mainly for their bangin nachos, and decent staff, but it loses the last two stars for layout, location, and well, everything except the food, drinks and staff, haha!
3	if you're a sucker for chick flicks like me, you've probably seen serendipity...you know the movie with kate beckinsale? (that was for all you guys) way over hyped in NYC serendipity in vegas seems WAAY more appropriate right? finally made it to serendipity this past vegas trip...and the frozen hot choco is for serious choco lovers. i'm saying SPLIT IT. for the love of god, do not try to consume this beverage by yourself or you will regret it.as much as i love the idea of serendipity, the feeling...or ambiance of this place just didn't sit right with me. this vegas remake just feels tacky. forgo the wait to sit inside because its really not all that special, and just grab your drink and enjoy it outside. the only reason to set foot inside is to look at their really cute shirts for sale in their makeshift gift store, that might be worth a peek. as for the food...artichoke dip was probably my favorite when compared the other food. sweet potato fries were a mush. oh and the burgers and sandwiches are GINORMOUS so think about how hunger you really are before ordering.
1	one word - OVERRATED!The fam bamz decided to come here for an afternoon snack.  We heard about the rave of the "Frozen Hot Chocolate" and wanted to find out what the hype was all about.It was around 3pm and to be expected, the place was mad busy.  There was an hour and 1/2 wait for a party of 8.  There was plenty of outdoor tables and the weather was absolutely phenomenal during the month of March. We decided to try out their take out orders.  It's a limited menu but again, we were there strictly for dessert.We were in line for 45 minutes.  I don't understand why there was a long wait when the orders consisted of ice cream.  I passed on the frozen hot chocolate - why do I need to spend $15 on a milkshake?  I went with the huge chocolate donut and the Forbidden Sundae which consisted of chocolate cake, chocolate and vanilla cream, whip cream, chocolate syrup, and a cherry on top.  I waited another 15 minutes for my order to be prepared.  I saw my sundae sitting on the counter underneath an air vent that was melting my ice cream. It took another 10 minutes for the server to grab my donut.  By the time I was handed my sundae, the whip cream turned into milk and spilled over the cheesy cup.  The cake was hard and chewy.  The ice cream underneath and had already turned into mush.  It was the MESSIEST sundae I have ever dealt with.  It was sooo messy, that it got me angry and I just wanted to throw it away! The donut was nothing special....just  big.This was the worst experience ever! Everyone wants to eat here because of the movie; well, I'm hear to tell you that the service and food is below standard!  WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME!  If you want real ice cream, come over to the bay area and hit up MITCHELL'S!  Mitchell's is worth standing in line for!
5	This review is for the in house dining only, not the to go.This is my favorite place to eat at on the strip.  Great food, excellent service and fun atmosphere.  We were there on a little vacay last week, and ate there twice.  The first time Kevin was our server.  The hostess promptly sat us with no wait, even though there was one, because we are diamond members.  She was super nice and so was Kevin.  They both remembered us when we came back 2 days later, and made a point to come over and ask us about our stay and activites we did.  The second time I think our server's name was Mylin.  She was super nice, and even though she was busy she took good care of us.  In fact we had to rush out to catch our flight, and even though the table next to us asked her to split a check about 38 different ways, she still got us our bill promptly.   The food both times was amazing.  I'm not big on the frozen hot chocolate, but cold stuff isn't my thing.  I did have an AMAZING mochachino.  And the Mac N Cheese is TO DIE FOR.  I'm pretty amused at all the people who docked them points for being expensive.  Um, hello?  this is Vegas, on the Strip, at Ceasars Palace.  These are probably the same people that have no problem shelling out $30 to get into the Night Club du jour, and then pay $15 per drink while there.  Please.  You aren't going to find Denny's prices (or taste, for that matter) on the strip.
4	This place is a disneyland to my tastebud. I was screaming like a little 5 year old for each of the orders that came out--Frozen Hot Chocolate, Foot long Chilli Cheese Hot Dog, followed by a Audrey Sundae. I was a bit disappointed that the Frozen Hot Chocolate didn't really seem to be anything more than a sloppy milkshake made from Nesquick, but the foot long hot dog...oh the foot long hot dog...I was so fricking thrilled by the sight and taste of it. IT'S SOOO DAMMNN GOOODD!! The Audrey sundae could've used a lot more coffee ice cream but it's also yummy as it's served.I'd definitely give it a 5 stars if they would lower the price down for each dish. Don't get me wrong, I'd go there again in a heartbeat but the willingness to do so might be affected by the amount of money in my account.
4	I'm surprised that there are so many complaints about this place because I had a very positive experience.  We came here after dinner for some frozen hot chocolate, and waited about 10-15 minutes for a table on a Friday night, a little before 9 PM.  The music was pretty loud and not was I was expecting, but I got used to it.  I can't comment on the rest of the menu, but the frozen hot chocolate was as good as people say it is, and my only regret is not getting a larger glass since I was sharing it and wasn't sure if I would have room for it.  The glasses look big, big trust me, you will finish it!
2	I've been to the original location in NY and had a much better experience.I went here for dinner last night and ordered the buffalo pizza. The chicken was really good but there was a thick layer of cold cheese and it didn't come with any sauce so it was difficult to eat. My bf got the pot pie and said it was really good. The portions are relatively large considering that you're paying a lot for pretty simple food.We also got a coffee to share which was very large and the oreo frozen hot chocolate. The frozen hot chocolate had a weird taste to it, kind of like cough syrup. The service was decent, could have been a lot better. Our server didn't really look at us when he talked and seemed distracted every time. Also, he wasn't very good at refilling our drinks and once he only refilled it half way.I really want to love this place but I think there are much better options out there.
4	Some people enjoy wine and cheese. Some people like chips and salsa. Some people favor chocolate and strawberries. But give me some sweets, ice cream and coffee and I'll jump in joy and throw a party! Well that's how if felt when I dined at Serendipity3- I wanted to order all the dessert options on the menu. The Mochaccino is fabulous. Rich hot chocolate with espresso- genius! I wouldn't had wanted to start my sleepless morning any other way. The Frozen Hot Chocolate is scrumptious. I had to control myself in preventing a brain freeze but I couldn't help it. It was oozing and spilling. Haah. The Audrey Sundae- MmmmMmmm. Humble Pie, Vanilla Ice Cream, Coffee Ice Cream, Bananas, Hot Fudge and topped with Whipped Cream, Peanuts and a cherry. If you like coffee ice cream ask for it to be scooped and layered on top of the vanilla or else you're going to have to dig to the bottom of the cup for it. If your giving, definitely share this sundae. But I wouldn't blame you if you rather have it all to yourself ;)The ABC Burger is hefty. The meat patty is cooked to your liking- ours was nice and juicy. With avocados, grilled onions and tomatoes with a slice of pickle on the side. Topping it off with sweet potatoes fries just screams perfect match. The foot long hot dog absolutely calls out food coma. But who can resist a FOOT long hot dog topped with chili, onions, cheddar cheese and a side of steak fries. The breakfast options is also a great start to one's day: x-large sausages, fluffy pancakes and eggs scrambled nicely. Service is alright. The place is so busy, not much attention is given. There are several seating options- inside, outside patio by the entrance for Caesars Palace or outside next to The Strip. Oh, this place is decorated with lots of pink. But your surrounds will be the last of your worries because you will be so concentrated on your food! The stretch to my pants is all well worth it! Serendipity 3, I'll be back =)
4	So I know Vegas isn't somewhere you usually go with children, but when my whole family decided to take a trip there, I had to think of a spot where I could go with my little brother. Everyone loves ice cream and chocolate and whipped cream! Especially the little ones. So Serendipity was our spot! When we got there it was about 1:00, and pretty crowded. We waited for about fifteen minutes to be seated. We immediately ordered the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE! Can't get any better than that! It was delicious. My little bro of course was more fascinated with the giant bubble gum machine outside. Lol, but he had fun here. Besides not understanding why we had to wait like twenty minutes for ice cream. Which I had to explain this wasn't like a Baskin Robbins. :p Thumbs up. Gotta try at least once in your life.
4	I love Serendipity! I have been to both the NYC and LV locations and i just wish they had one here in LA. It's so cute inside and the deserts are AMAZING! The chocolate sundae was to die for! Another fav of mine is the chicken soup. It was really cold in Vegas and I was craving a hot soup; needless to say I was very happy with the chicken soup at Serendipity. It was so fresh that it tasted like a real soup, not canned soup. The chicken and veggies were so fresh. I've never been anywhere else where the soup was that fresh. I can't wait to go back to Vegas!
4	Good food, great deserts.... Fun to people watch if you get a table outside as people walk The Strip.
3	I was in Vegas over the weekend of Spring Break with my family. I was sitting in a cab, when I noticed the sign.  Could this be the famous New York shop outside of New York? The cab driver told me this is the same one. Ok, here we go. 1) cheeseburger with bries, sweet potato fries2) eggs benedict3) bacon burger with steak fries4) chocolate cake ($10, huge, you can feed 4-6 people with this cake)Food: I am from the West coast where In-N-Out is king.  Surprisingly, this burger can give In-N-Out the runs for its money.  This burger is huge. You can feed two people with this burger.  The price $15 buck for this burger (with lettuce, tomato, red onions) along with fries and a slice of pickle.ege benedict: no nobacon burger: same as abovechocolate cake: awesome! you probably can become a diabetic and get a heart attack with this cake. huge proportion, but very tasty. very chocolatty (they are famous for chocolate after all)Food: 4/5  with large proportion. ( I saw a fat man (politically correct: horizontal over proportion man) who could not finish his plate)Ambiance: 4/5 cheesy for my taste, but white/pinkish dainty for everybody else. The waiters dress in black uniform. Cleanlyness: 5Service: 3/5 we wait for 10 minutes for the waiter to come around. we wait another 20-30 min for the food.  Granted, we came at lunch time, but the waiters are busy. the waiting time for a table is 45 min to 1 hour. Cost: 3/5 (average $12-20 per dish)Overall: 3.5/5.  I really like the burgers.  I would give it a four if either cost was better or the waiters are better. On the side note, while we were eating, Chef Ramsey Gordon, walks in.  Suddenly all hell broke loose!  All the chefs came out of the kitchen to talk to Ramsey and the waiters just freeze.  The whole place suddenly hush as if the pope was in the building.  This becomes a celebrity sighting and you see some customers jump out of their seats to greet him.  Nobody ask him for autographs, but Ramsey was nice and courteous and went to the patio/verranda to have his lunch with a group of friends.  I bet you his service was much better than my.
3	This is a hard review to write, I came here just to try the famous "frozen hot chocolate". It was full inside when I arrived, but we were able to get a seat immediately. For those who are interested in coming here for the "frozen hot chocolate" they have two sizes available, the 10 ounce (for one)  for $10 and 16 ounce (for two) for $14, I decided to go with the 16 ounce which was more than enough for me. Our waitress was really nice, and got our order in real quick, and when they brought my drink I couldn't wait to dive in. I started drinking it through the straw and could only taste the frozen chocolate, a tip to those first timers, the hot chocolate is on top so it's best to use a spoon to scoop from the bottom so you can get the combination of both hot and cold. The "frozen hot chocolate" was good, I don't think it exceeded my expectations but was definitely good and I would have it again. I browsed through their menu and they also offer many other deserts that look just as delicious, everything from banana splits to a $1000 Opulence Sundae. The food here also looks good, it's your normal American restaurant with burgers, sandwiches and french fries.
2	MUST HAVE: Mimosa ok so i had their frozen hot chocolate again.....disappointed me big time...i think the to go section did a much better job. i asked for no whip, but when it came to me it was SLATHERED in whipped cream. i might give it another chance, but give it a go if you want to try, i dont know if its worth it though im sure there are much betters out there then me and the BF shared the full monty...right when we ordered our waiter told us it was his fave thing on the menu....NO WAY...when it came out it was barely warm, dry, and did not taste good!!! the mimosa was pretty tasty...with all the great food in vegas...dont try serendipity despite its appealing decor!!!
5	Friendly service. Beautiful presentation. Desserts amazing. Fired Oreos on the Oreo shake was delicious but the shake itself was overpowered by the chocolate syrup I couldn't taste the shake at all. Frozen hot chocolate was a little overeated but the fettucini was the best fettucini I've ever had. The Alfredo sauce was really rich and cheesy. Nd its perfect with the sundried tomatoes, broccoli, and garlic bread. I didn't get to try the carrot cake but my friend ordered it and it was Wayy bigger than the small slice of cake I expected. Its the perfext place to go to with a group of girls or a girls birthday outing. Definitely coming back.
4	Where do I begin? With the urging of my fellow yelper & friend Linda, serendipity 3 was a must-go for frozen hot chocolate.  The place in NYC was made famous in the movie serendipity but from what I read on yelp, the place gets so busy crowded where an hour wait is the norm.  Well I never did head out to NYC to try it but since I was in Vegas early feb, I made it a point to go.First off, the decor of the place was so sugary sweet w/ vintage chandeliers against pink walls.  We didn't even have to wait long & was seated right away. You can order the frozen hot chocolate in two sizes & oh my goodness, so delish.  We ordered the big size to share btw three.  If I wasn't being polite at the time, u best believe I would've taken the whole bowl & ate it all up - Yumm!I may just need hit up NYC one day just to say I've gone & been there and  I wouldn't mind having the frozen hot chocolate while I'm at it, of course. :P
4	Serendipity 100% lived up to the expectations given all of the hype.  We spotted the restaurant around 3pm on a Saturday (prime munchies time) while wandering the strip.  Although I've been to Vegas a couple times before, I hadn't had the opportunity to try Serendipity, but this time we made it a point to go.  It was an unusually cold and rainy afternoon (somewhere in the low 50s) and after the hostess told us that the wait would be upwards of an hour, we almost turned our heads down in defeat.  Then, in the corner of my eye, I saw the Serendipity-to-go! Suddenly, I had images of sitting in our hotel room overlooking the bellagio fountain with dark clouds and rainfall, snuggled up while sipping their famous frozen hot chocolate.  It sounded like a dream! We ordered the Oreo Frozen Hot Chocolate for Two.  It was made quickly and topped with a generous dollop of whipped cream with 2 long straws.  The size of the frozen treat was likened to that of a Big Gulp than that of a milkshake.  But with the expensive price tag, we were satisfied with the gargantuan portion.  The first sip was light, frothy, creamy, with just the right amount of oreo embedded into each slurp.  We enjoyed the drink all the way back to our hotel room and did not get sick of it even as we reached the bottom of the cup.  I would definitely go back to Serendipity's next time around!
3	One of the main reasons I wanted to try Serendipity was for their cold hot chocolate. I have to say that I was a little disappointed. I thought that it would be tastier than it was, but I felt like it was something that I would be able to make myself. In addition, it was a bit on the pricey side. The food that I ordered the Fully Monty Sandwich (I believe that's what it's called) which was realllyy goood. The proportions were really large as well, so I had enough for two meals. My order also came with the option of sweet potato fries or steak fries. My sweet potato fries were nothing out of the ordinary, but my friend's steak fries were pretty tasty. The inside of the restaurant is very nicely decorated.Some of the downsides are that the prices are a bit expensive, especially for the cold hot chocolate. Also, while I was there with my friends the waiter was not very professional, and would say inappropriate to my friends and I while we were eating and ordering.
4	YAY SERENDIPITY ! I've probably been here 5 or 6 times and each time the experience was a little different.  It's a bit more touristy than some other locales since it is one of the family/kid friendly spots. Avoid prime eating times to get the shortest wait. It's a bit unavoidable during the summer but you can call ahead for a reservation or just pick up something to go and enjoy the AC inside. Their to-go menu offers most of the items on the regular menu! and for those complaining..you're in Vegas, you should be prepared to spend anyhow.The decor of this place is a bit vintage with some really cute touches like the giant sundae by the stairs and the Tiffany's lamps. If it's a really hot day, try to get indoor seating... which will probably bump up your wait. The patio has the water misters and is ventilated but you'll still feel the summer heat. Service isn't bad. They get their food out in a reasonable time but at times it can be hard to get a hold of your server. If you get thirsty while waiting for your table, head over to the bar counter inside and you can get tall cups of ice water.The food is in good sized portions, so you're not overpaying too much; its like any designer item, there's a cost for that label. I've tried a bunch of things on the menu but here are some that I can remember well... Kobe Sliders are delicious if you're looking to get something on the smaller side. The foot long hotdog comes with alot of condiments and you can add toppings. The Mac n Cheese was really good. Try the Ahi Salad and the Hangover Omelette! Order the Frozen Hot Chocolate. it's probably what you came here for. Don't gripe about the cost because you shouldn't be in Vegas if you're not willing to spend some money. If you don't like it, at least you can say you've tried it. Personally it's a must order when I come. Why? It's different. Some of my friends have pointed out it kinda tastes like Hershey's chocolate but it's a nice alternative to soda and alcohol.One day I'm gonna order the Golden Opulence Sundae just to say I've tried it ;) And a trip to their New York location is on my checklist as well !- jenn
4	Yum! Frozen Hot Chocolate for $10! Enough said.
3	like everyone sayssss, this place is really overhyped.it is a cute place to eat, but the food is overpriced and only ok.we all shared the frozen hot chocolate.....which tasted so simple and plain that i think anyone can make? not worth 14 bucks for two. if you have to try it, just get a single and share, cuz its nothing special.i had the full monty i remember, that was alright, not too bad, pretty big and i could only finish half. came with sweet potato fries that were kinda bland.its close to caesars palace so thats why we went also. maybe i'd take my bf there just for the experience and atmosphere, but won't be a regular.
2	Eh not impressive at all, All the hooplah and hype about their frozen hot chocolate is for nothinggo make yourself a hot chocolate and make it cold, add some milk and blend it.Sorry Serendipity!
3	I had heard a lot about this place from family and friends, so I decided to check it out and try their famous Frozen Hot Chocloate. The place was pretty cute, granted it was very girly. The frozen hot chocolate was delicious, but the service was kind of slow and not really attentive. I didn't try anything else, but the place seems overpricey. Through everything, I think I'd take people here for their first time, but that's about it. Like everyone says, it's a little overhyped.Definitely check it out if you're in Vegas; I mean, you have to. I'm sure it's like any 'okay' movie; if you go in expecting too much, it's gonna suck.
5	Serendipity 3, was such a treat.  On our final day in Las Vegas we stopped here to have lunch before heading over to the Airport.  There was a little wait, but WOW.. it was so worth it.  Our waitress was a doll and I took her recommendation and ordered a burger (this is not something I do often), but OMGoodness the ABC Burger was probably the best burger that I have ever had.  My husband had the Full Monty and it was great as well, we were both pretty full by the end, but we certainly had to save some room for the Frozen Hot Chocolate.  We chose the Oreo flavor and it was so Yummy.  I am so glad we finally made it over to Serendipity 3, we cannot wait for our trip next March to head on over again to Serendipity.. YUM.
2	Eh, I was a little let down. Seeing this place was like seeing a mirage in the desert. I was so surprised! I didn't know there was a Serendipity in Las Vegas. I only knew of the one in New York from the movie! I saw the menu and I was bummed that my boyfriend and I had brunch already because I really wanted to eat there but I checked out their desserts to see if there'd be something worth the extra calories. There really wasn't that appealed to me, and I am a serious dessert person! I asked the gal at the counter what the frozen hot chocolate was and she seemed less thrilled about it than I was about the dessert selection. I don't know, I'd really have to go back and eat there to give this place a fair rating but first impression for me was definitely lacking. I could try, but do I really want to? Eh. We'll see.
4	Still my favorite place to have sweets! I absolutely loved its Frozen Hot Chocolate. We also ordered "Can't Say No" Sundae (w/ humble pie, ice cream, banana and hot fudge with whipped creame) and it was SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET!
4	I'm a fan of the Orrreo Frrrozen Hot Chocolate!But I'm definitely not a fan of their take-out line. Absolutely ridiculous. Ordering took way longer than getting my drink. I spent nearly half an hour waiting to order and like three minutes for my actual drink. There were, maybe, three groups ahead of me, until one decided to leave the line because it was taking a ridiculously long time and I STILL spent half an hour in line. REALLY?! I'll update this when I get a chance eat here, I got a little too drunk off of too much champagne at a pool party earlier in the day to make it here for dinner... Oh, Vegas.
3	Finally made it after all the hype. The verdict? It was good. Redonkculously overpriced. But good. We dined with 7 of us. Me and hubby shared the footlong chili cheese dog, steak fries, and Mac and cheese. The dog was huge! I feel like it was more like 18' plus 1 1/4 inches in diameter. But at $16, it better be! It was served on a full baguette in lieu of a bun. The chili was a bit sweet and there was shredded cheddar sprinkled on top. I thought more cheese was in order; plus I would have like it melted and not as an afterthought garnish. The steak fries were surprisingly good. The Mac and cheese was delectable. Truffley and cheesy yum. $14. Warning: they charge you for sharing but you get an additional side. So, not a bad way to go. Portions are large. 6 of us shared one "can't so no sundae." Even with 6 people,  no contest. It was man vs. food and food won! The sundae was incredibly rich and sweet. Legit fudge and whipped cream. Food was good.  No dissapointments there. Just be prepared to pay for the brand and location, location, location.
4	Be prepared to pay a hefty price to eat here, but the environment is fun and the nachos really hit the spot. The sundaes are HUGE..I would advise splitting one. I would actually advise splitting a lot of things on the menu. HUGE portions.
2	Honestly, it's all pretty much hype. I like the NYC one, but there was at least an hour wait at this one, and we didn't have 3 hours to spend at an ice cream shop. So we got some things from the "take out" window. Which is ridiculously limited in choices. The ice cream itself is fine, but so is Dairy Queen. Definitely won't waste my time there if I'm ever back in Vegas.
4	4 stars for the OREO frozen hot chocolate!! Yum!! There was only 2 of us when we went there so we went straight to the bar and didn't have to wait. We ordered a regular oreo frozen hot chocolate and the sliders and it was the perfect amount for 2 girls to share. I'd only come here for the desserts not too much the food. I think it's overpriced.
3	A bit delayed on my reviews but finally getting around to it as I went to Vegas two months ago. BUT I still remember the taste of the Famous Frozen Hot Chocolate so don't think my review wont count because as a food junkie, I keep notes on my iPhone and I remember ^.^So like some of my friends reviews would say, it IS a bit hyped up AND pricey for a Chocolate shake. However, I think its not too terrible. To me, a milkshake is thick, rich and creamy. However, this didn't have the texture of a traditional milkshake so its not quite the same. I had the Peanut Butter Frozen Hot Chocolate. I thought it was really good but was it worth the 13 bucks? Maybe its more worth 8 bucks in my opinion.I would definitely recommend my friends to check it out but I wouldn't hype it up for them because when something is hyped, we create this huge expectation that it should be fabulous. Overall I give Serendipity 3 a solid 3 stars. We waited a good 45 minutes to be seated and for 3 of my friends to share a small chip appetizer and having a shake to ourselves each, we spent about $22 each including the gratuity and for the wait and price, I didn't think it was quite worth it...but worth it in a sense to try something new and different and "hyped" about, one should check it out.
4	food: love their frozen hot chocolate and steak sandwich. other items on their menu are good too, and super big!service: friendly but not attentivefinal thoughts: sit inside.  if you sit outside, be prepared to be ignored.
3	At least I can say I went!! :)Not that the experience was horrible. We did have to wait like 45 minutes for a table and about 20 minutes for an order of onion rings but considering this everything was just perfectly sub par.With all of the hype surrounding this popular NY/LV eatery my friends and I just haddd to go there. After the 45 minute wait we finally were sat down and the one person who had been there and was dying for their waffle fries asked where it went on the menu. He LAUGHED and said they don't serve them anymore. (liiil rude esp since he just had gotten started as our server).Anyhoo we ordered the onion rings. They took a good 20 minutes to come out and uhhh they tasted like onion rings. It's cute how everybody thinks something is so amazing off of a gimmick such as making it into a tower, but try putting them on a plate y'all. They're plain cheese dusted onion rings.Entrees: no one was particularly blown away by anything in particular. I did like my chicken pot pie but the flavor was nothing different than one I could have gotten out of the frozen food section. (maybe hit it up with some herbs?) my friend did like and actually finish her summer bries sandwich and the other 2 girls liked their burgers but our last friends veggie burger got a great big ol YUCKO all around. It was house made/some non boca burger version which we appreciated but the gratitude ends there. It tasted like it was made from chopped up al dente garbanzo beans (al dente garbanzos are not looked upon highly in the bean world) and just flat out had no flavor. Even the massive chunk of avocado couldn't save it. She wept.After the tears were gone we tried to alleviate her pain with their faaaamous frozen hot chocolate. To our servers dismay we split the single serving between 5 girls. We received the whip cream tower that was the frozen hot chocolate and dug in. It was perfectly boring. Every single person that raved about this dessert needs to go out and have an actual decadent chocolate dessert experience. Only then will you understand how terribly non chocolatey and boring this rip off of a dessert was. It made us reminisce to the rich thick mousse like creaminess that was cravings @ mirage's chocolate pudding. We all wept. Overall it was okay but I'd def want to try any and every other restaurant on the strip before I came back.
2	enjoyed their frozen hot chocolate, not their service.
3	I avoided this place for a loooong time because it looks gimmicky...and any place that pimps a product THAT hard (they're always going on and on about the "frrrrozen hot chocolate") must be covering up for something.So I finally went over and checked it out, and yes, it's totally gimmicky. The lines are long and the prices high. But if you are able to get a table on the Strip-facing patio, it's a great place to people watch! This alone makes it worth all the other crap. You're up high enough from the street that you can harass people without fear of repercussion -- the other comparable Strip-side patio, at Mon Ami Gabi, is a little too within striking distance of the hoi polloi for my taste.Foodwise, I had nachos and an alcoholic root beer float. Both were great, though not groundbreaking. I refused to try the frrrozen hot chocolate because, as mentioned, anything that needs to be pimped out THAT hardcore probably sucks!!!Summary: worth it for the excellent people watching...just make a reservation or check in at the hostess stand WAY in advance! (While you're waiting, have a drink in the adjoining awesome Spiegelworld Beer Garden, or go meditate at the equally awesome and confusing Brahma Shrine right in front of the restaurant.
5	One of my fav brunch places!!! Ohhhh if I only lived in Vegas!!I see some people complained about the wait time, but when we went there around noon on a weekend the place was barely half full! So plan to get here early for some of the best tasting/looking brunch items! The portions were very reasonable if all you ordered were their entrees, but cmon! Who comes here and NOT try the desserts???!! They. Were. Delicious!!! I will definitely stop by again next time I'm in Vegas!
2	Wanted to try this place but the whole restaurant and wait line is very disorganized.  The front door is the back door, there's a line for take out, not to mention the hostess is very rude!   So many other places to go so moving on...
3	After a long night of drinking with a group of friends, we ended up going here. one of my friends recommended it and said it was good. I didn't have much of an appetite that morning so i ended up getting the thai salad i believe it was...! it was still good, but the longgggg wait didn't please us at all.gotta try this place again though!
4	I begged my sister and cousin to try this place with me simply because I had seen Oprah describe it as her 'favorite' place for their icy hot chocolate and since I love Oprah, we had to try it!We had gone out the night before, so after a fun night which included drinks and dancing, we woke up semi hung over and weren't super hungry so only had the icy hot chocolate.  We were going to get donuts but they were out (I was somewhat surprised...) The icy hot chocolate did not disappoint, it was very good!  It was super chocolaty with tiny bits of ice but overall a smooth drink.  It was topped with lots of whip cream and shaved chocolate.  Presentation was great!  My sis tried their chocolate with coffee, mochachini?  I personally wasn't crazy about that one, as it tasted more milky than either chocolaty or coffee.  While I loved the drink, I'm not sure I'd come back simply because $10 is a bit high for a cup of a cold chocolate drink.  Then again, it's pretty unique and if you are in the mood for chocolate then this is it.  It's great because it's cold, I loved that!
4	My friends and i came here to eat during my bachelorette weekend in Vegas.  They were told to come an hour early so they could wait for seats...but we must've waited 20 mins max and we were promptly seated...in a room that was only 3/4 full.  I guess the hostess just wanted to pretend this place was more hopping than it was!We, unfortunately, came here after eating a really late brunch, for an early dinner since we had show tickets later on that evening, so none of us were really hungry.  The sizes are definetly generous here.  I tried the tomato soup, crab & artichoke dip, chicken fingers/tenders, and the frozen hot chocolate.  Everything was pretty good, even on a full stomach.  I would definetly recommend the crab & artichoke dip again.  Its mostly just a crab dip, with one piece of artichoke as a garnish, but the crab pieces were pretty big.  It's smothered in this baked cream sauce and served with small slices of toast.  The tomato soup was not too bad, but just overly salty.  The chicken fingers were surprisingly good and juicy. and served with a trio of sauces (honey mustard, bbq, and ranch)Others on the table included the ABC burger (Avocado, Brie & Carmelized Onions) and the BBQ blue cheese burger.  Neither of them were finished but I didn't hear any complaints or compliments.  It was my first time trying the frozen hot chocolate and it was good, but a little overrated.  I'd come back again on a empty stomach to see if that makes any difference.  3.5 stars!
3	We came for the frozen hot chocolate, of course. The husband and I decided to share one, and luckily we did because the buggah is huge! We had the peanut butter one, it was okay. The MIL and FIL had the regular and mocha one, respectively. I think the regular one was the best, but nothing so spectacular that I wanted to return again. As for the food, it was just average and slightly overpriced. I got a side salad (decent size, with croutons, cucumbers, tomatoes), the husband got the omelet w/prosciutto, red pepper, tomato and mozzarella with sweet potato fries (just okay), the MIL had the chicken pot pie (best entree) and the FIL ordered the thai beef salad (a ridiculously large portion). All in all, a nice place to try, but it isn't a place on the top of my must eat in Vegas list.
4	GO here. Eat ice cream. Be happy. Very happy. (just stay way from frozen hot chocolate, not very good0
3	Got a sweet tooth?  Come here. Over-sized sundaes!! I can die happy here.  They are $10+, but totally worth it if you split the sundae among three other fatties like me. Nothing really special about the place.  Service is quick and friendly.  I think the "frrrozen hot chocolate" is overrated.  Guys, it's just chocolate milk. They do serve American fare, like sandwiches and the like, but I like coming here for the ice cream.  Mmmm.
3	Pretty good food, great ice cream but way too expensive, The New York location is so much better. But after all Vegas does not compare to New York.
1	Frrrozen Hot Chocolate for $10?? You gotta be kidding me. Luckily, rewards points were used to pay for this. I mean, it was not gross, it was delicious, but not $10 delicious. It tasted like Hershey's syrup + melted ice + whipped cream.. the kind of shake you would get at the elementary school fair. I went to the take out line outside of the restaurant and it was service was soooooooooo slow, I mean ridic. slow just for a blended drink, while everyone else's orders were sundaes and blended drinks as well. After waiting for 30+mins, I asked the lady for my order."Hi, can you follow up on my frozen hot chocolate?"*Shows receipt*"Oh, hold on."*Lady grabs one of the bigass pitchers of already blended frozen hot chocolate and poors it into a cup and adds whipped cream and hands it back to me*"Here ya go.."WTF?!
4	Believe all the hype, the Frozen Hot Chocolate really is THAT GOOD!The frozen hot chocolate comes in a gradient of layers, the bottom being liquid and gradually icing up to the top. It's silky smooth icy texture is hard to explain. It is nothing like a Slush Puppy nor a Wendy's Frosty. It's just perfect and leave you wanting more. Both the Original and the Peanut Butter version is delicious. I didn't think I could finish one on my own after my HUGE dinner but I did!Nachos: WoW! Huge! and Delicious! Comes with Guac, Pico De Gallo and Sour Cream on the side.ABC (Avocado. Brie and Caramelized onions) Burger. Sweet potato fries were a little soggy. Burger was okay. Just Okay. Brie was overpowering.Chicken Caesar Salad: It comes as 2 hearts, dressed with sauce. Bread so you can make your own croutons and Chicken the size of 2 chicken breasts. This was pretty good but not the best I've ever had.BBQ pizza was a bit salty but good.I would definitely go again and try a different flavor of the Frozen Hot Chocolate.
4	I've been to this place several times with my boyfriend just for dessert. Every time that I have been here they always tell me it's about a 30 minute wait but most of the time it only takes about half. I have sat indoors and outdoors. I prefer sitting outdoors on a nice day/night since the patio faces Las Vegas Blvd. It can get loud when dining indoors. The service is great and I never have problems with my order.We usually get the Double Frozen Hot Chocolate for two. I am a chocolate lover so I enjoy this dessert even as simple as it is. I've tried the White Chocolate Frozen Hot Chocolate but I prefer the regular chocolate. Overall, it's a good place to dine and experience the Frozen Hot Chocolate. So give this place a go if you're on the strip and want an icy chocolate dessert.
5	AMAZING! The Frozen Hot Chocolate is TO DIE FOR. AND, it's Oprah's favorite dessert :) I got the egg croissanwhich and it was soooooo good! I will never leave Vegas without going here! The wait was about 30 minutes but it was SOOO worth it
4	I have no idea what the savory items taste like at this place, but I love the desserts.  When my family came to Las Vegas last summer we came here three times in the course of a week.  I love all of the sundaes and the deep fried oreos are the bomb diggity.  I'd say if you want to try something besides the frozen hot chocolate get the deep fried oreo sundae.  The frozen hot chocolate is also awesome.  Both times I had it I shared with my boyfriend, but I could've had it all to myself and I'm talking about the double portion.  I'd say it's a little small, but I love shake-like confections.  I think no matter what time I come here I'll always get dessert and not something else, because when I think about Serendipity 3 I think about dessert.  In that respect my review is a little biased for just desserts.  That's all I've had.  I've been trying to coax my university friends to come here instead of going to happy hour. It's that good. :D
3	After reading review after review of Serendipity 3, I was so stoked to head over there when my friends and I were in town. The restaurant itself is adorable, really colorful, girly, pink and just plain cute. As far as the service, we got our food in a reasonable amount of time, given that they were really busy. Our server was really nice and cheerful; I appreciate that because the last thing you want is a grumpy server. With the reception though, there were issues with one of the hostesses (err she ticked me off) but I won't go into that because she later apologized.I ordered the three cheese grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup. This has got to be one of the cutest presentations I've seen in a while because it had goldfish crackers in the soup. SO ADORABLE! Even with three layers of bread, I still could taste mostly cheese which was really yummy. I kind of wish there was a little less brie because there was a little too much of it. The soup was good too, not the best I've ever had but not the worst, that's for sure. Okay... here we go... I think I read one too many reviews of  the Frrozen Hot Chocolate. Everyone (not just Yelpers but everyone period) has hyped it up to the point where I expected it would taste like how D'Angelo looked in the "How Does it Feel" music video... just good all over. (Nice visual, right? LOL) I wish nobody told me anything because I would've liked it a lot more. Honestly, in my opinion, it was a chocolate milkshake with halo-halo* ice mixed in with a bunch of whipped cream on it.  Good but not good enough for me to pay $10 again, which I really didn't because my friends and I split it because it was huge.*Don't know what it is? Look it up LOLFYI: Lines are and will always be long. If you want to dine in the restaurant, be prepared to wait. If not, there is a to go menu :]
3	We didn't get to sit in because the wait would of been a hour and thirty mins long so we just got take out. Of course we order their famous frozen hot chocolate and it was the bomb! Its was icy cold, not too sweet, and it was pretty big size of a drink. I not a huge chocolate fan but this was something I would definitely come back for.
4	I can't comment on any of the regular menu food... I came for a specific purpose: frozen hot chocolate! I was not disappointed. We got it to go and drank it on the nice, warm patio outside. It was fantastic. The place seems like it could get fairly busy. The outside line that we were in moved fairly quickly. The staff wasn't terribly friendly, but I think their main focus was efficiency. I will definitely be back.
3	First thing to know, the Frozen Hot Chocolate is one of the things this place is known for. With that said, you can probably get the serving size for one and split it between 2 people (unless you want one all to yourself).Also, the food portions are huge. We way over-ordered and wish we had sized down our check a bit. P.S. the footlong dog is more than a foot....
1	Was so looking forward to this place, but it towtally let me down. It was a busy evening and we got sat within minutes. However, we sat and sat.... We noticed a table next to us and they looked unhappy waiting too. We finally left after 15 minutes of waiting.So, we decided to try their quick order window and another let down. Over-priced, salty hot dogs with dry buns. The dessert, what I was excited about, frozen hot chocolate. Yup, another let down. No one wanted to finish an over-priced sugary drink. Boo hoo Serendipity3!
2	So lets get to the chase, Frozen hot chocolate! So good but so expensive. well luckily I was able to watch the Dbag angry bartender Jesse make this this while it took 30 minutes to get an actual hot Chocolate also. 12 oz cup = $10 or 3 heaping cups of hot chocolate mix, 2 scoops of ice, and a cup of milk = make it at homeSerendipity your service is slow and not friendly at all, I dont even know why I tipped the bartender when he got angry when I asked where my friends hot chococalte to go was at after the first 15 minutes of waiting and then waited 15 more minutes at the bar. GO TO MAX BRENNER!! It is inside the forum shops the shakes are better, the service is better, and you won't get a hissy fit from an employee if your customer is just asking where a drink is when you are just standing arround talking.
5	Not sure why other reviewers would rate them so low????  I had the priviledge of going on an early bday trip to Las Vegas from the weekend of March 25-March27/2011 with awesome friends of  mine.  Anyways, this one was my best friend's sister's idea that we must go visit.  She had reserved a table since earlyyyyy morning on Saturday, March/26/2011 in order for us to be seated around 9:45pm, but the table was slightly late for us.....LOL.  The waitresses didn't make the table on time for us.  I'm not complaining because my bff's sister ordered us the Frozen Iced Chocolate drink that was their main specialty for us three to share.....I tried it while having their Serendipity House Coffee with Nutmeg which made it extremelyyyy too strong LOL....I'm still not complaining because this house coffee kept me awake throughout several hours into the nite/morning so that I could enjoy Harrah's hotel where we stayed at some more before checking out time at 11am on Sunday, March/27th....
1	A 45 minute wait for the frozen hot chocolate was such a letdown.  We go the for 2 size to share and it wasnt even as good as the choco shake at Wendy's.  It was not rich, it was not decadent, it was not to die for and it was such a waste of good slot machine money.  It was $14 which turned into $18 with tip and tax.  The whip cream on top was the fake kind that comes out of the metal cans.  On top of the whip cream was a budget flavored choco powder.  It tasted like it was made with Hershey's syrup.  I could have made this at home for $2.  I want my 45 minutes of life back so I can spend it throwing money at strippers.Service was super nice and friendly and the store was cute in the over colored circus kind of way.  They also serve food on the same standard as a TGIF's or Chili's if you don't want to waste your cash on the frozen drinks.
4	Missing a star due to service being a little off (seriously, who runs out of ketchup?), but everything was delicious and excessive.  :)
2	the wait: 45 minutesthe hostesses: they could care less about youthe service: slow but kind. in case you didn't get a big enough dose of waiting, wait some more.frozen hot chocolate: a pack of swiss miss, blended with ice, topped with redi-whip. the powder lingers on your tongue.warm crab and artichoke dip: it was not warm. the mayo was overload. but the ciabatta toast points were toasted nicelybbq chicken and cheddar pizza: where's the chicken? bbq sauce overkill.decor: cute and meant for tourist shopping.a return visit: highly unlikely
4	Cute decor and a tasty frosty beverage called the Frozen Hot Chocolate. It pretty much tastes like a chocolate milk with ice and whipped cream and chocolate shavings.On a hot day, I think it may make some people crumble to their knees. The wait? Well, we got lucky on a Monday and sat at the bar as soon as we walked in.... No complaints here. Share with a couple of friends and you won't feel so cheated. The decor was cute and worth a moment to roll through if you like cutesy places.
1	Ugh. I was made to go here because I have family in town and they really don't understand my values are a big deal to me. If I boycott a place I don't care if I'm starving I won't do it. But the louder of opinions in the group won and I have no say since it isn't my vacation. So the BF and I kept them company while they ate their over priced and over rated items. There wasn't anything that was gonna get us to order something or even taste what people are ordering so I have nothing much to say on food and will just quote what people said at the table. My one brother who's definitely a foodie wasn't happy with his frozen chocolate what he said was "a melted milkshake" and he would have been better off "with a In N Out milkshake". Then I found out he wanted to come with me instead to Max Brenner. *sigh* (And we did go the next day while family shopped). Another brother got coffee and it was nothing special. The kids liked their desserts, but they're KIDS. I can put sugar on roaches and they'd think it's a crunchy goodtime. My sister had a sundae and it was fairly standard. My cousin had a cake that was super in size and had a lot of leftovers but he said it was good. Service wasn't rude this time, but it wasn't really hitting service standards. It was more like- take the order, bring it, and if you need the check go find them. Desserts took about 35 minutes to come. One person came late and ordered after everyone else. They got a slice of cake and that didn't come around until way later when most people had their desserts done....Cake doesn't even need to be prepared so it shouldnt take 50 minutes to receive it! Just put it on a fucking plate and add whip cream and a strawberry.Well, just confirms to me- I wasn't just "hating" in my first review, this place isn't that great with service nor expediting orders.  Dessert shouldn't take almost 2 hours specially since we're one of the last reservations of the night. Stop buying into brand names. Serendipity lost the charm that made it sucessful in the first location decades ago. Serendipity doesn't live to its name and is just bad misfortune with each visit. AVOID.
3	I'm being a little stingy with my stars because, number 1, The food, drinks, and restaurant are all much better  & much more original in Manhattan. Also, it's Vegas- so have to set the standards a little higher. So, cool location, good size restaurant, pretty views of Caesar's Palace & also of the strip. And HELLO, love the pink! The food- not to shabby, very large portions. Service was mediocre, as well as the prices. Tip- try the peanut butter frozen hot chocolate.
2	So my first visit to Serendipity 3 was very disappointing. I have been so excited to try the frozen hot chocolate since everyone raves about it. Maybe I came in with my expectations set too high but it really did not live up to the hype for me. We shared a small (which was more like a medium/large) amongst 4 people and we still couldn't finish it. It tasted like a really rich melted chocolate ice cream covered with a pound of whipped cream, one sip was enough to hurt my throat from all the sugar! I would have given Serendipity one star for their frozen hot chocolate, but after tasting their cheesecake, I had to bump it up one more star. It was huge and delicious and I really enjoyed it.The food looked and smelled really good, I will definitely come back and try their lunch next time.Remember to make reservations 2 hours ahead of time to avoid the wait.
3	frrrrrrrrrrrrozen hot chocolate is averrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrage. it rrrrrrrrrrreally leaves much to be desirrrrrrrrrrrrrrrred. stood at the takeout window and serrrrrrrrrrrrrrvice was slow.
2	I ordered a breakfast croissant sandwich. Very similar to an egg McMahon from McDonald's but on a croissant. The egg (cooked in the same way as an egg Mcmuffin) had the texture of rubber. We had a hard time cutting through with my knife. My meal also came with dried, sat under a heat lamp for a few hours breakfast potatoes. It was the worst meal ever. McDonald's gets 5 stars compare to this. The bartender apologized for the bad food. But did not offer a discount, even after he saw my entire meal was left on the plate. They get a star for presentation. The drinks: Blueberry lemon drop is tasty, refreshing and potent. Strawberry chocolate mojito is also another refreshing drink. Not very minty. They get 4 stars on the bartenders attentive service and drinks. I won't come back unless I'm craving one of the drinks mentioned.
3	Me and my girls waited nearly 2 hours so I had this idea that the food would be close to a great orgasm.................it was alright. I will say that their infamous frozen hot chocolate was pretty good.....but not worth that long ass wait though.
4	good food & good desserts. it sucks that they close at 11, & although they were seating people at 1030, we felt very rushed to order desserts due to the kitchen closing, although I know that's how it is, it just sucks that we didn't even get our main food & already had to order desserts.
2	Great, great food!  Potato appetizers have a speical unique kick with the extra added ingredient.  Sundae was amazing.  Burger: delicious.  Mac and cheesy: awesome, but cup of oil in the bottom was hard to swallow!As expected, service was a little "dingy".  We waited a REALLY long time to get service initiated.  And when we finally did, the really nice waitress made the mistake of having a side shouting conversation with another waitress across the patio (didn't last long though)???  I know restaurants on the Strip are always busy, and it's probably a high turn-over rate of staff. . . but shouldn't certain etiquette be kinda obvious?  Does it ever cross their mind that they may be serving an entire table of fellow industry folk. . . or better yet. . . .food critics?!I'd come here again, but I'd expect a long wait
4	Colorful, one-of-a-kind dining is an exact description of Serendipity.They serve brunch, lunch, and dinner. They have a variety of foods that range from spaghetti and meatballs to barbecued pork ribs. They are very popular for their humungous desserts. I have tried their classic sundaes, deep fried oreos, and their very popular frrrozen hot chocolate. Yes, frozen and hot. I know...it's a paradox, but you just have to try it to understand it. It's a very interesting drink that tastes like cocoa in hot chocolate, but it's cold and consistent to a strawberry daiquiri. Very unique, indeed. I haven't figured out a good time to come here without having to wait over 30 minutes for a table. If you're in a hurry, they have this grab-n-go service, which is on the side of the restaurant. There is a smaller menu of their most popular items for take-out.I am a sucker for sweets and Serendipity has established it's own little place in my heart; especially when one of my all-time favorite movies is Serendipity!
3	We came here right after we landed to Vegas for a bite to eat. The line was so long we had to wait an hour to be seated for 2 people. Once we were seated we ordered a burger and a blt sandwich. Was not too impressed because it didn't have too much flavor at all. For dessert we had the 7 layer chocolate cake and were vert satisfied with the dessert. I do not recommend the food for the price but the dessert was worth it. I would only come back for the dessert in the future.
2	I don't know why people think the food here is good. It wasn't.Had the white pizza and the giant meatball spaghetti. Also ordered the nacho appetizer and artichoke crab dip appetizer.Food was below average, in my opinion. It was also very, very slow. Waitress was EXTREMELY forgetful when we asked her for stuff(although, conveniently, the check came like a lightning bolt).However, it's ONE redeeming quality, was the frozen hot chocolate. Oh, my, gosh. Deliciousssssss. I would have it over, and over, and over again!
4	It was definitely worth the two hour wait! There was 3 of us and oh my gosh, we got way too much but we just wanted to try everything since it was our first time! Had the Thai beef salad, presentation was awesome and tasty! The frozen hot chocolate is ONLY worth it if you absolutely love chocolate! I personally dont really like chocolate that much and kind of felt like a lump in my throat! We also tried the lookie lookie cookie sundae or something and it was extremely good! Satisfied my ice cream craving!Last but not least the carrot cake!! I think my expectations for it has just sky rocketed cuz I've never had it before in my life! We couldn't even eat a quarter of it! But it's definitely worth it!Oh and I'd like to add that I loved the music they played!
3	ehhh people are bragging about their frozen hot chocolate, but im pretty sure i can make it at home and it'll probably taste the same. so yeah, its an ok place, just be patient, you might have to wait an hour or two to be seated.
2	The food as ok...I got the brie cheese burger and my bf got the hungover omelet.. neither one of us were to thrilled about it. If there is a next time, I'll just try there ice cream since that is what they are known for.
2	A friend and I stopped here last night to grab a bite to eat and a sundae. The wait to get a table was long so we decided to do the grab and go window. The grab and go has a limited menu but still had some decent choices. The line moved fairly quickly, and and the person taking orders was plesant enough. It took about 15 minutes to get our order, 2 corn dogs and a chicken cobb salad. The corn dogs were hot and fresh. The salad, well it left a lot to be desired. The tomatos looked dead and the corn, well i didn't see much. I would recommened to stick to the sunades.
1	We had a 45 min wait which was no big deal.  We hung around for a while listened to the girl with the heavy accent yell out people name at the top of her lungs for a while. It got pretty comical to after a while when not a single person could figure out who she was calling and they would all run up.  Once we were called and made our way in our server took her sweet time getting to us.  The first thing we noticed is the place is nothing like the NY Serendipity.  The decor isn't the least bit whimsical or special in anyway.  It's just another restaurant in a box, certainly not what we expected after going to NY so many times.  The menu is the same and we have already selected our favorites and where ready to go only to get a menu that differed from the one original posted outside.  We modified our choices and moved on.  When she returned she then informed us that they no longer had neither of the selections we have made where available.   So to recap to this point we have waited 45 min, had the menu change, and now are being told they don't have what is on the new menu.  We asked what else what not available and were told it depended on what you wanted to order.  We had no become so annoyed by the cold demeanor of the staff we left.  Hopefully others have better experiences they we did.
3	Not the greatest stuff, but it's worth a try once.  Had the crab & artichoke dip which was crabby yet good.  The burger was decent.  The frozen hot chocolate wasn't all that.  Maybe I shouldn't have got the plain one.  Service was good.  Food is only OK.  Way overpriced for quality and taste, however.
4	Love it! It's probably because I'm so in love with the movie Serendipity... :-) The wait for Serendipity is always very long, but it's less ridiculous if you agree to sit outside. During late winter/early spring, sitting outside is quite chilly though not uncomfortable with all the heat lamps. I loved the frozen hot chocolate which was quite unique. You can share a small frozen hot chocolate amongst three girls--it's that big. Also, the mushroom quiche with fresh greens on top was amazing and very filling, and can be shared amongst two people. I would definitely go back but try to go earlier in the morning to beat the touristy crowds.
3	The food here is fantastic! I had the crab spinach artichoke dip for an appetizzer ----which was so good i practically licked the bowl clean lol. very serious. Then my husband and I shared a sandwich that I can't remember the exact name but it's steak, eggs and bacon. That sandwich is HUGE! I'm glad we decided to share. It was delish. For dessert we had the cookie sunday - again amazing. This place is known for their desserts so they def delivered.The reason I give it 3 stars (and im assuming this is also why the place only is rated at 3 stars) is that they are so super freakin SLOWWWW! We had to wait an hour for brunch. And we went for brunch cuz I heard the dinnertime wait can go up to as long as 2 hours! No freakin way I was waiting 2 hours. Then after we were seated our waiter took forever in between serving us. After he brought us our sandwich we literally didn't see him again for another 30 min. I asked him for a refill on coffee which he never brought. Then after we finished our dessert, we were waiting for awhile again to get our check so my hubby just got up and went and found him to pay.This place has great food but their slow service is really wat kills it.
1	We were told a half hr to 40 min wait, waited about an hour and a half to be seated. Once seated the service was terrible! It took our waiter Jeff another hour to get food on the table and to top it off he felt the need to school me on EVERYTHING I ordered in a very rude fashion! Then about another half our to pay. All together it took over three hours to get food, the food was not even very good and Jeff really worked my last nerve! HORRIBLE RESTAURANT EXPERIENCE! Save yourself and DO NOT got to Serendipity 3!!!!!!!
4	HUGE portions!!!  Cute atmosphere.  Frozen hot chocolate is good but to me almost tasted identical to a frozen chocolate drink from Godiva (and about twice the price!). Definitely worth a go though!
2	Overrated.Okay so I've only heard about this place and the "frozen hot chocolate" so many times... so I thought for a really long time that this place was like a bakery or cafe that served drinks and dessert.So when I finally came with a few coworkers and saw the menu of burgers and hot dogs, I was slightly disappointed. Other disappointments:- Insane wait. 45 minutes for a table of 5- Frozen hot chocolate. It was good, but not $15 good- The food. Though tasty, so greasy and made me feel sick for the rest of the night- The presentation of the food. I think they're trying to come off as boutique, but it's just inconvenient and inefficient to eat your food from one large dish when you have six other small dishes of individual condiments around you. It's fine if you're by yourself, but when you're at a table with 4 other people and they also have 4 other dishes besides their main dish, you fight for elbow space- The scary baby. This isn't S3's fault, but there was a baby who was staring straight at us with no expression. It was freaky, manI mean, come on now. $15 for a foot-long hot dog? I don't care how awesome that hot dog was (it wasn't that great) or that we're in Las Vegas or if you serve it on a foot-long dish that holds it perfectly. No hot dog is worth more than a $1 per inch. It's a hot dog, aka, blended leftover parts from animals. I'd rather buy two hot dogs from Costco AND get two drinks!
3	I fell in love with this place when I watched John Cusack & Kate Beckinsale in fall in love over a cup of frozen hot chocolate. I was only 11 when I watched the movie but I vowed to travel to New York one day just to try it! So when I heard Serendipity was on The Strip, I knew I just had to stop by.The wait would have been about 15-30 minutes but the hostess claimed that we "missed" our call, even though our party walked right over when she called my name. Not only did she make us wait an additional 15 minutes while she let two parties walk up without a wait and were seated right away, GREAT. So I sucked it up and put a smile on my face and continued to wait.From the over-sized menus, I ordered the frozen hot chocolate for two and the onion rings (they're ginormous!) My boyfriend got the high heel pumps, an Italian style sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries. The food wasn't anything special but we had a nice lunch.Our hostess was very friendly and we enjoyed her until she had taken away our onion rings without asking. Of course, I complained and they were quite accommodating to the matter. Overall, I wasn't happy with my experience here. I'm disappointed that they did not live up to my childhood dreams. I probably wouldn't come back unless I have a hankering for frozen hot chocolate, which btw was guilty delicious! And even at that, I'd probably just head to the to-go window
5	We have visited multiple times. Love the Mac N cheese, frozen hot chocolate, huevos rancheros, sweet potato fries, hamburger, sundaes etc. We try to visit every time we are in Vegas.
5	Serendipity left me feeling serendipitous! The frozen hot chocolate is $14 for two and comes in a large sundae bowl with 4 straws. It's not enough though because it is so good! It has a great 'snowy' texture, the chocolate shavings also compliment the vast amount of light whipping cream and it has just the right amount of sweet!  Definitely a must try every time you're in Vegas!On the contrary, some friends of mine decided to try a banana split. The regular is big enough for 2-3 people but is personally too sweet. The chocolate fudge and strawberry syrup are overwhelming. Play it safe and order the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!
4	Never seen the movie, but I definitely heard about their FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE FOR TWO here (from Yelp! of coarse).My friend and I were newbies to this place, even though we've been to Vegas a bunch of times. When we got here (20 minutes before it closed), we got seated right away. As I was walking to our table, I didn't know that they sold burgers and fries. They did look good, but that wasn't what I came for. Side note -- We were stuft from our dinner at Carnevino and I skipped their desert menu on purpose so I can go to Serendipity. Anyway, I didn't have to look at their huge menu. I just ordered the frozen hot chocolate for two, which came out quickly. I took a sip of it from the straw and it hit the spot!! TIP -- Sip slowly to avoid a temporary brain freeze.
4	I had been avoiding this place for years, but it was quite a bit better than I expected. The quickies: *Yeah, the frozen hot chocolate is great, no it's not worth the price *A large pitcher of Coors Light is $14 :) *The home fries served with some of the breakfast items are very good! *The humble pie is quite good and insanely large *Be prepared for a long wait on the weekends, and they don't have pagers so you have to stick around pretty close.Yeah its a tourist mecca but we will be back!
5	Oh my gosh.  If you have a sweet tooth, you HAVE to come here!!!We came here for lunch on a Monday, and was told it would be a 30-45 minute wait.  It was just under 45 minutes, but it was SO worth it!!My friend and I ordered the chili cheese dog w/ the steak fries.  This hot dog was MORE than enough for the two of us!! (See pictures).  My husband ordered the meatball flatbread pizza, and LOVED it.For dessert, we ordered something amazing.  Wait for it...it was...a deep fried oreo sundae.  It had fried oreos, ice cream, marshmallow fluff, whipped cream, hot fudge, and 18 levels of amazingness all in one large bowl.  I can't even describe to you how delicious this thing was!!  It will haunt my dreams until I get it again!!  I am not even close to kidding!!Our waiter was funny and awesome!  He gave great suggestions and truly seemed to love his job!!
3	If you don't plan on going to NY to visit the original and If you have never tried their Frozen Hot Chocolate, then you should try it. Once you have, then you can go to any coffee house and get an ice blended mocha and be satisfied.The hotdog is a foot long and had a greasy? buttery? bun? Meh, $8 better spent somewhere else.
3	We ate at the bar because the wait was too long even though the restaurant seemed like there was room to seat. The ABC burger was yummy and the steak fries were worth it!
2	I was craving a good old-fashioned ice cream parlor sundae, so when we came upon Serendipity, I was excited. Unfortunately, the ($14, mind you) sundae was a COMPLETE DISAPPOINTMENT. In all honesty, a small Dairy Queen sundae comes with more hot fudge than this monstrosity. All it was, was some mediocre ice cream with a ton of half-melted whipped cream oozing off of it to make it look appealing. The burger was good, but next time we'd go to the burger place right next door at Caesar's. Maybe the frozen hot chocolate would have been better, but I don't think we'll go back to find out. My husband didn't care for his strawberry milkshake either.
3	Recommend the Frozen Mint Hot chocolate! The food was okay but overpriced so stick with the frozen hot chocolates!
4	Only been here once so far, but definitely coming back next time I'm in vegas! I went here for brunch (made a reservation, thank God!) I ordered the banana cream waffles. They were okay, not to die for but pretty good. Really, really big. And they give extra chocolate sauce if you ask. My boyfriend got the hangover omelet. OMG! It was absolutely amazing! SOOOO big and stuffed with all different kinds of ingredients. Even the sides were pretty good. For the drinks, we tried the oreo frozen hot chocolate and the regular frozen hot chocolate. The oreo one was alright, but I really liked the regular chocolate. It had more flavor in my opinion because the oreo one tasted kinda watered down with too much ice. It's like $14 or $15 for a size for two and like $10 or something for a size for one, so it's pretty much a way better deal to just get the bigger size.The desserts looked REALLY good, especially the sundaes!! But we were too full from the main course to order any =[ But they have a lot of choices to choose from. Next time I'm going to order desserts first because they all looked so good I really need to try them!
3	Out of the 3 times I have come, each time was one-star for me! The purpose for each time was to try a different sundae (although I'm not so much into ice cream).WHERE: It's part of Caesar's Palace, but it is it's on building right outside of the casino itself. You must park at the garage/valet, walk through the casino, and out to it.Each of the sundaes I got to try were all large servings!! I shared with friend, and still didn't get to finish it =(. Such a bummer!-Deep fried orea sundae: TOO MUCH DEEP FRIED OREOS!! I couldn't do it anymore after just one!!-Banana Split (coward portion): If you are also here for dessert, I recommend this sundae! The coward portion was pretty decent sized too, I miss homemade banana splits back in the day! =)I did get to try the onion rings! They were actually pretty good, and I loved the presentation!! The little cafe is cute & really PINK, but the food is over priced - that's for sure! OVERPRICED FOR WHAT IT SHOULD BE WORTH.*NOTE: Proceed with caution!!
5	i love the frozen hot chocolate. it is my new favorite thing in this world! =] everything else is good too but the main attraction here is the frozen hot chocolate! yummm!
5	Cannot go to Vegas without going here! I've been 4 times, gotten 4 different things and have never been disappointed. With each one of those meals has to come a classic frozen hot chocolate. Grilled cheese with tomato soup-can't go wrong. Mac-n-cheese, another good choice. Favorite so far has been the spaghetti and meatballs. I also highly recommend brunch!!!
4	I'm surprised that there isn't a section on the menu for Pepto Bismo and Tums. The quantity of food served at this place is amazing. Puts the Cheesecake Factory to shame. What started off as brunch ended up being my only meal for the day - pretty much because I was still full when I went to bed that night. French Toast sticks with three kinds of dipping sauces. Then a banana split. Done right. The banana split was a big as a football. And I ate easily; three-quarters of it. After the french toast slicks. My friend has a slice of cake that was easily 8" tall x 4" wide" 12" long. The iced tea was the size of a milk container.  We were the biggest pigs that day. So worth it and the extra gym time that came along with it.
5	We went here on a Tuesday night. The wait was minimal. When we were finally seated the server took forever getting our food. Music was SUPER loud especially for a restaurant. We were at a 2 seat table and had to yell to each other.The food more than made up for the music and service. We had potato skins which were big and delicious...hubby had a burger. I ordered a Summer Bries (open face turkey sandwhich on raisin pumpernickel w/ cranberry mayo, apples, and brie cheese) which was phenomenal! Hands down the best sandwhich I have ever had!HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
4	I went here on a recent trip to Las Vegas. What a great place! The food is definitely worth the wait. I had the ABC burger with avocado, bacon and caramelized onions. The restaurant has a good selection of inventive burgers, sandwiches and salads. Their dessert menu with frozen hot chocolates and huge sundaes is unreal. The wait can be long for a table, but in my opinion definitely worth it.
5	Went here for an early dinner around 5:30p.m. with my husband along with some of our other guy friends.  There was absolutely no waiting when we got there.  The food was good as well as the customer service.  I loved the sweet potato fries.  For dessert we all got the Frozen Hot Chocolate in different flavors, very yummy.  We will be returning here for our next vacation to vegas in October!
3	Meh.  I don't get it.  I went down to the strip just to try Serendipity 3's famous "frozen hot chocolate", but I just wasn't blown away.It was pretty good and really did taste like frozen instant mix hot chocolate, but I'm just not sure why so many seem to fall head over heels for it.  $10 for the taste of frozen Carnation Instant breakfast seems absurd.  That said, the drink is fun and tasty, but it's far far far down the list of great flavors and experiences in Vegas.  It tastes like a very good Starbucks frozen drink.  So I guess the pricing break down is $3 for the drink and $7 worth of hype.
4	I had several sips from my girlfriends frozen hot chocolate that is all the rave. It was not as good as the drink I had when I was at the location in New York. Maybe because we got it at the counter place and not actually in the restaurant itself.I ended up getting the gigantic cinnamon pretzel that was literally 2 feet long. It was quite good but was also a little hard to bite into. They may have taken it out of the oven a minute or two short.My girlfriend also got the mini burger sliders. They were one of the juciest and amazing sliders I have had in a long time and possibly ever. After we took a bite, the juices oozed out. oh so good!The reason I am not giving 5 stars is from the hard pretzel and also they have no sign as to where you order your food or pick it up. We were waiting for a good 2 minutes before someone told us you order at the OTHER window.
4	Great staff with awesome food. The portions are gigantic though. Either have a massive appetite or split a meal
4	I've been a fan since going to their NY location. I love hot chocolate...and I love hot chocolate in slushy form. The price is a bit steep, yes...but the same goes for the rest of Vegas so I don't really have any complaints. I'm not nuts about the food. It's decent enough and if I was rating this place on food more than dessert, it'd probably score a 3. I think it's pretty convenient that they have a take out counter outside. The wait for getting a seat in the actual restaurant usually takes between 30 minutes to an hour, but there is plenty of seating in the surrounding areas to indulge in chocolatey goodness. With all the glitz and glamor of Vegas, this is a simple and fantastic dessert to have during your stay.
3	Just came here to grab a frozen hot chocolate.  When we got here, there wasn't a line, but when we were grabbing our drink, the line started to wrap around the building!  The frozen hot chocolate tasted really good, but it would definitely not be worth the wait or the price.
5	I love this place, my sister in law and I went while we were in Vegas for her birthday. We had a bit of trouble finding it, we didn't realize you could get to it off the strip, or maybe another route?? Either way we probably looked crazy coming from Caesars, edging around the pond and walking through the foliage and mud.So we finally find the joint, there was no wait, so we were sat immediately. So my sister in law got some type of sandwich, i can't remember. I got the grilled cheese and tomato soup.Now, I am not a fan of the tomato in general, so don't ask why I got the tomato soup, but I don't regret!! That was some of the best soup I have ever consumed, we've spent the past year and a half attempting to duplicate it, but was never able to!! The serving size is pretty big too.So lets get to the real why we went to this place, the desserts. We couldn't decide so we asked for a recommendation. Fried Oreo Sundae!!! It was SOOOOOO good, and sooo gluttoness. We probably cracked half of it, after awhile, it just wasn't possible to continue.This place was great :) Will definitely return next time I'm in Vegas.
2	Expect to wait... Come when you have a minor urge to eat... You'll be hungry by the time you get your food. I prefer to sit inside and there is usually a 20-60+ min plus wait depending on the time you go. I recommend the Las Vegas chicken strips as the appetizer! Love the batter! I also ordered sweet potato fries which were good, but I wish they had more dipping sauces other than ketchup for that. The bowl of chili is DELICIOUS! it has bits of filet mignon and is satisfying. The frrrozen hot chocolate is pretty good, but THICK. It's good, but overpriced. Onto the place itself... It is cute and spacious, but there isn't much to look at... But you're in Vegas and there's always people that make up for that.**Updated portion:After the LAST visit, I don't think I will be going back. I'm pretty sure our server forgot about us... or was too comfortable inside that she didn't want to refill water for the guests sitting in the 100+ degree outdoor area. Our orders were also not up to par, but we were unable to find our server to let her know. If you go here, sit inside or just go to the walk-up window
3	Tried this out strictly for the famous frozen hot chocolate and for that yummy treat, Serendipity 3 earned 3 stars.However, for everything else? Umm, not so much. The chili dog was alright and the Chinese chicken salad was blah. No matter how much dressing I poured on top of it, I could not force myself to even pretend to like it. The sweet fries were only slightly better than the salad and I rarely meet a frie that I don't absolutely love! No joke, fries are my weakness!Customer service was a 0-1 star. Our server must have been having a bad year because the perma-scowl on her face would not go away no matter how much we smiled at her and thanked her. I will not be returning to this joint. Be that as it may, I will also not allow this bad experience to prevent me from checking-out the original Serendipity in NYC. Oh how I hoped for it to turn-out better. Sigh.
3	Yes, the wait is insane.  Yes, the dessert is yummy.  But is it all worth it?  You be the judge of that.I think that you may be able to make reservations for this place and had I known that prior to just walking up to the podium and being told that the wait is about 30-45 minutes when it was only 4:30pm was a little unexpected.  It happened to also be an unusually cold day in May so when we were seated on the balcony, we weren't too happy...especially when we were in the direct path of where the wind blew strongest.  We spoke to a server who called the manager over and moved us against the wall, which helped tremendously.  But seriously?  I wish they used a little more common sense when they saw that I was with a 10 year old and a friend who didn't have a jacket.  The food itself was decent but Vegas has a lot more places to eat that have delicious food so unless you're coming here to eat AND get yourself some frrrrrrozen hot chocolate (or in our case, an Oreo flavored one), save yourself the trouble, the time and the money.  But it's definitely going at least once.
3	got the frozen hot chocolate randomly which was probably the best thing we ordered.  the ice cream sundae i think which was okay.  good place to get chilled dessert, but i would probably recommend fat tuesdays if you want something fruity and chilled since it's like a slushee with booze.
4	Ate there on a whim.  So when found out there was a 25 min wait, we opted to eat at the bar, and so glad we did!  The bar tender was making tons of drinks and began giving us the extra!  We were able to try the frozen hot chocolate and the frozen hot chocolate with peanut butter (amazing!!). I ordered the cheese burger and fries (not bad) and my husband the CA hot dog, which we both really enjoyed!  Sit at the bar if you want free drinks!!:)
3	You go here because it's a gimmick and you are stuck on the Vegas Strip. The giant ice creams are fun, but the food is mediocre, just like every other mid priced place on the Strip.
3	As a frequent Las Vegas visitor, I had been wanting to try this place. I finally did Memorial Day weekend and it was not amazing, but still worth it!We went on Monday afternoon around 2pm and the wait was 45min-1hour!! So we instead ordered from their smaller menu where you can order a la carte instead of sitting down in the restaurant. Next time, we'll make reservations!We ordered the mini sliders, chili cheese dog, corn dogs, nachos, fries, and frozen hot chocolate. The BEST part was the frozen hot chocolate! When i went to pick up our order, they had forgotten the corn dogs, so for my wait, they gave me a free large frozen hot chocolate! The other stuff was just kind of blah, not great, but still yummy. The only thing I wouldn't order again were the nachos. The chili cheese dog was pretty good and the sliders were really juicy! But i would definitely come back for the frozen hot chocolate!! Perfect on a hot day too!I gave it 3 stars because the only amazing thing really was the frozen hot chocolate. If i was solely rating that, then i would give it 4 stars.
4	If you're a fan of dessert, this is the place to go.  On the first night, we ordered the Velvet Cake which was excellent with the chocolate ice cream.  The second night, we ordered the Black and White, a nice mix of chocolate and vanilla ice cream with a tuxedo strawberry.  Will definitely be going back when I'm back in Vegas.
3	Memorial day,  wait one hr at 11:35 I was told 30 min but I wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate so I stayed ,lunch service started at 11am  so they asked me if I wanted the bar at 12:15 pm cuz I was by myself and they needed the table , I hate the bar btw cuz the bartender is always busy making drinks so he's preoccupied and u don't get to pick the people that sit next to u the frozen chocolate was good the crab cake sandwich was only ok . my fries were cold.  Kinda expensive for the service and wait I had to put up with.
4	Our waiter, Leo, was awesome! Really funny, attentive, and efficient. Reminds me of the Hawaiian uncle I never had. Awesome guy! Foods awesome and portions are HUGE. The menu is wide and varied: consists of everything you need to soak up everything you probably drank the night before.Favorite item: "The Las Vegas Strip Sandwich". A foot long toasted baguette-like-bread topped with several pieces of well-seasoned steak, apple-smoked bacon, annnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnndd of course, 3 (yes 3!) fried eggs.Followed by the oh-so-delicious Frozen Hot Chocolate. Get yourself ready for a food coma! ...And yes, the wait is long, so be prepared for that. But hey..you're in Vegas. You've got plenty of other things to keep you preoccupied until they call you. :)
2	I had the same exact thoughts as Claire L., I'd rather get a frosty from Wendy's.Not worth the wait. I don't even get this whole waiting thing when there's clearly enough space to sit everyone! Maybe their huge menus are taking up space? Haha!We ordered a regular, which was meant for one person but my friend and I couldn't even finished it. Felt like a $12 punishment. UGH! There goes my six bucks...
4	All you need to know is the Frozen Hot Chocolate is ridiculously good.  If you love, and I mean LOVE chocolate, you should get one for yourself.  This is the most amazing dessert ever.  My friends and I also paired it with Steak Fries, which reminded me of dipping McDonald's french fries into their ice cream, and it was DELICIOUS.The actual meals aren't so fantabulous, but the Frozen Hot Chocolate is really to die for.  I noticed they have new "flavors" which include peanut butter and oreo cookie.  I'll have to try those the next time I head to Vegas!If you don't want to wait for a seat in the actual restaurant as it can be a bit difficult to get a reservation, I would suggest getting the Frozen Hot Chocolate through the take-out/to-go counter.  Although you don't get the fancy shmancy cup the drink comes in, I promise it tastes just as yummy!
4	The White Chocolate Frozen Hot Chocolate is delish!!!  And I don't even like desert-y type drinks.  The regular and Oreo Cookie frozen hot choclates were pretty good too!  A great way to cool off on a very hot day exploring the strip.
1	Hype? YES... Overrated? For Sure. Will I come back? NO WAY!From the time we put our names on a list to be seated, to the time we ordered our food...it took about 1 1/2 hours. We were seated in about 30 minutes, so it took our food about 1 hour to get to the table. Everything is super expensive! We ordered off the appetizer menu and one dessert. All in all, our food + water, the bill came out to about $70.00 (tip not included).We had the crab/artichoke dip (just okay, nothing special), then we ordered chicken strips (gross! over breaded, tiny chicken on the inside, they left the chewy tendons in the chicken too), we also had the kobe beef sliders (BURNED! BURNED! BURNED! - i don't mean a nice flavorful char on the outside, i'm talkin CHAR-COAL!). Lastly, on to the dessert, Red Velvet sundae (basically a red velvet cake with chocolate ice cream). Let's just say, the cake was dry, the chocolate ice cream was nothing special, and the heap of whipped cream hurt my teeth. The texture was so mushy and squishy. They should have added some nuts, or chocolate chips or something. Overall, I can say I've been here, but I'm NEVER going back! :)
4	Wow! This place is popular. Its always full of people and there is always a line. Do yourself a favor and make a reservation.Frozen Hot Chocolate is something your should definitely try if you this is your first time here. Its what everyone comes here for. It's essentially a hot chocolate frappacino. I really liked it the first time I tried it.The frozen hot chocolate is not the only thing they serve, oh no, the actually have a very large menu of other delectable goodies. Our server, Karen mad cool and told us she had tried everything on the menu at least twice and here favorites were the 4 cheese mac & cheese with chicken and japalenos added and the crab cake salad. How could we not take the advice of someone that had tried the gigantic menu more than twice over? 4 Cheese Mac & Cheese + chicken and Japalenos - WOW! Superbly well made Mac & Cheese, but adding the chicken and jalapenos, send it to another level. I dare say its one of the best Mac & Cheeses I have ever had and I get that dish almost everywhere I go.Crab Cake Salad - Excellent hot crab cakes served of a mixed green salad. The heat from the crab cakes slightly wilts the greens and makes for a very pleasing blend of textures and temperatures.Deep Fried Oreo Sundae - What! Deep Fried Oreos! In a Sundae! Yes please! I don't think I really have to say any more since these items by themselves would be pretty good. Put them together and you have a winner! Also, another recommendation from Karen. Haha, she is totally awesome! Since the menu has so much on it, its tough to say anything in general, but if you get what I got, I don't think you will be disappointed.
1	On my recent trip to Vegas I was so excited to eat at this restaurant but my excitement quickly dissipated into dissapointment as we were greeted by a very unhelpful and rude hostess. She was not friendly nor helpful. (Ex: when we asked if we could get a menu to look over while we waited, she pointed to the wall and said "this is our menu").  People that came after us were seated before us and when we finally got a table our waitress was also rude and unfriendly. (Ex: When she brought my friend her tea we commented on how cute the tea pot was and she snapped back "it's hot, don't touch it!").  Needless to say we asked for the check shortly after that! For me, the service is just as (if not more) important than the quality of food for a restaurant to be successful. I was so turned off by the staff personal that I wasn't willing to sit through an entire meal. If you do decide to try this place, I hope you have a better experience! ( But if your experience turns south there is a great Italian restaurant in cesars palace called Raos that has great food and staff! (That's were we ended up eating!) Good luck to all!!
4	I go to vegas every year, and we have been to serendipity at least 4 times in the last two years. Three of the four visits were outstanding. One of the visits was less than great with a very long wait for lukewarm food.  On this last trip we went for dinner twice.  The first night I had the heirloom tomato salad and my friend ordered the chicken strips.  The salad is amazing! Huge, ripe tomatoes, fresh mozzarella and the best honey mustard dressing.  It also had some sort of nuts on it that tasted like pine nuts.  Fresh basil was sprinkled on top.  The chicken strips were really good.  The batter is tempura so it was light and crispy. The chicken was juicy and there was a lot of it.  On the second trip, I had the same salad and we tried the "can't say no" sundae.  Peanut butter pie with vanilla and coffee ice cream, bananas, whipped cream and chocolate sauce.  It was so good and 2 of us were only able to finish half of one sundae.  I love this place and will stop by each time we go to vegas.  The service is great sometimes and less than great sometimes.....but that is true for most restaurants in Vegas.  The frozen hot chocolate is just so-so.  Nothing exciting...but the sundaes are great! And the apple pie dessert is wonderful.  I always request to sit on the patio because inside is very loud and feels like a cafeteria.  The patio is less crowded and has a great view of either ceasars or the strip.
4	I have to stop by here every time I come to Vegas, mainly for the Frozen Hot Chocolate. My favorite, the Double Frozen Hot Chocolate for Two, because the single serving is just not enough for me. It's not cheap at $15, but when I'm in Vegas losing my ass off, $15 doesn't seem so bad.This isn't the place to go if you're super hungry, unless you get the Las Vegas Strip Sandwich. It's huge! They packed steak, bacon 3 fried eggs and other ingredients in a footlong toasted baguette. The sandwich is thick, making it hard to eat especially with the relative hardness of the toasted baguette. It's definitely a feat that all big eaters must overcome!I also tried the Dinosaur Beef Ribs. Must have a really small dinosaur because the serving portion of this dish is a joke. For $20, you would expect more than 3 ribs. However, the sauce was delicious and the sweet potato fries that accompanied the ribs were also good.Serendipity 3 also has a great variety of desserts and sundaes that are absolutely mouth-watering. The ultimate dessert is the Golden Opulence Sundae ($1000), which features edible gold flakes! If I ever win big, I'm getting it!
1	Okay, so I have heard really great and raging reviews of this place and was really hyped to check it out for the first time! I came here with a friend who's been here a numerous amounts of times.  The decor and ambiance of this place was actually fantastic. It reminded me of the bubblegum candy land and a little bit of sexy hip at the same time. The wait was about 25minutes, not bad for dinner on a weekday, and we were seated promptly inside with a view of the strip. That night we saw Penn & Teller eating dinner on the outside balcony, poor guys couldn't even enjoy their night being bothered by tourists and fans, let the men eat!! **My little highlight for the night!**For dinner I ordered the Salmon Caesar Salad with homemade Garlic Parmesan Croutons that cost almost close to $20 (but it was a huge mixing  bowl portion) While the size might have given you your money's worth, the fish was too fishy and half cooked, the lettuce was drowning in a mayonnaise based Caesar dressing so It was soggy. The only good thing was the Garlic bread/over sized croutons. The disappointment of my night. After my not-so-appetizing dinner, i was sort of looking forward to a dessert called the Frozen Hot Chocolate, but didn't get the chance to because they ran out of ingredients, so they suggested the hot chocolate sundae. What? isn't it chocolate and ice that you need to make this dessert? Ugh So we opted for the Strawberry Fields Sundae, cheesecake, strawberry ice cream, strawberry topping with whipped cream all for $15.00!!! SERIOUSLY? There was two scoops of ice cream on the bottom of a goblet topped with strawberry compote and LOADS of whip cream. Really is that necessary? In the end, I made a note to myself that I will never come here again, nor will I suggest this place to anybody. Chili's or Apple-bees in my opinion makes better quality foods at a decent-not-so-overrated price! Never again.
4	I make it an objective to visit Serendipity when I'm in vegas.. for the Frrrrozen hot chocolate and the nachos. That's what I order, every single time I come to vegas and I'm probably going to continue to do that =)The wait is always super long though, that's the only down side. But, if you're only looking to get the frozen hot chocolate or anything else, they have a to-go window on the side!
2	Don't bother!1) Service: The wait is so not warranted. I suppose it was "busy" considering they probably had about the same number of hostesses as waiters. There was a bunch of open tables while they were telling people there was a 45 min wait. Thank goodness we had a reservation. Our waiter was honest in telling our visitor that they are not known for food as they are for sweet treats but made his recommendations. What he should've done is tell us to go somewhere else in exchange for his tip upfront for saving us from this disappointment.2) Food: They ran out of that Las Vegas Strip Steak sandwich. Ummm it's a wknd and they're not adequately stocked with one of their most popular dishes? So that already ticked me off. My second choice was the crab cake sandwich only because it was about half the price of just the jumbo lump crab cake. It was good the first couple bites, but then I guess the grease finally got the best of me. And the high heel pump sandwich was just whatever as well.  3) Dessert: While the frozen hot chocolate was pretty good, at $10 for a reg sz (compared to just a grande at starbucks) I can never really see making it a point to get again or recommend. Oh and the banana split had soooo much whipped cream, I still could've used all the excess that wasn't eaten as a whipped cream bikini!It's great for location and a fun ambiance if you're a girly girl, but for the price and the the wait, go anywhere else.
5	They now have a sunday brunch and the french toast and waffles look amazing. The frozen hot chocolate is one of the yummiest things I have ever had. Love the atmosphere. great service, best desserts in vegas!
4	Came here on a Saturday night around 8 or 9 and had to wait about 30 minutes. My friends and I knew that their signature was the frozen hot chocolate so we decided to get two. One original and one cookies and cream. The original was good! Everyone says it is a chocolate milkshake but I beg to differ. It has a totally different texture and it is perfectly sweetened. As for the cookies and creams one it was good, but I would rather just stick to the original and not worth the additional $2 or so. Service was a little slow and it was really hard to get all the waitresses attention. However, they were all very nice and were very good when asked to refill our water and taking orders. Final Verdict: The wait is long but I have waited longer for other restaurants, and this is the only serendipity in the west coast so I would come back to get me a cup/bowl of chocolate goodness. As a person who isn't too fond of chocolate that is saying a lot.
4	I was in Vegas for my friend's bachelorette party and it was on my list of things-to-do for the weekend. I absolutely had to try Serendipity 3! One reason- frozen hot chocolate!!!There were 5 of us and we decided to order the frozen hot chocolate and 2 sundae desserts (one with deep-fried oreos!), along with their spinach artichoke dip. Besides the oreos, I vaguely remember what the ice cream sundaes tasted like. My taste buds were focused on the frozen hot chocolate! It was the BEST! I wish I had one near my house...I'd probably go there every day. I will definitely be going there any time I'm in Vegas. Oh, spinach artichoke dip was DELICIOUS...we wished we had ordered 2! :)
1	I had heard good things about Serendipity...especially all the stuff about celebs hanging out in their New York location and it was The Place for ice cream in NY, yada, yada, yada...Their location in Las Vegas was a turn off from the moment I approached the hostess to get a table. I was given what I now know to be their stock answer..."about 45 minutes". We decided to order some ice cream at the to-go window and sit outside. The woman at the counter was snippy and rude. When my friend asked if she could get whipped cream on top of her waffle-coned scoop of ice cream, the woman snapped back in a rude way, "no".  How about just putting some whipped cream on top and charging us an extra buck and a half and call it a day instead of being rude about it.After ordering I went to the pick-up window to get our stuff. The simple order for four people was screwed up and I had to wait more than ten minutes to get my scoop of ice cream in a cup. Of course my friends were pretty much done with theirs, so I was even more annoyed. Honestly I think this place is highly overrated and the staff were rude. The ice cream was good, but not great.  I won't be going back.
3	Holy Hopping Hill of Dessert! This humongous dessert almost caused an avalanche in my stomach. It was simply too much! I got their Deep Fried Oreo Sundae. It was ice cream with Deep Fried Oreos breaded in a batter of corn flakes. If you've ever eaten Deep Fried Oreos at the town fair, the corn-flake breading adds a new crunchy dimension to it, which goes nicely in the ice cream.  As for drinks, make sure to try their Frozen Hot Chocolate Coffee. It's an oxymoron, I know, but it tastes along the lines of a slushy milk chocolate and much richer than the variety you find at Dunkin Donuts. They add shavings of chocolate, and the one I drank had a caffeine kick to it.Just a few words of caution: If you order from the take-out line, you cannot order anything that involves frying or cooking anything. This meant no Deep Fried Oreo Sundae for me the second time around. Also, the treats are made differently. My friend ordered a Strawberry Fields sundae and it was more whipped cream than anything else. And the whipped cream from a can -- not made fresh. The rest of us were happy with our Frozen Hot Chocolates.
4	I've tried Serendipity in NYC and just loved it so had to try the new LV Serendipity 3. Of course ordered the frozen hot chocolate with coffee in it and topped with espresso beans dipped in chocolate. Delish! Though I didn't taste the coffee.But to start I had the sesame crusted ahi salad which was healthy and light. I really liked the dressing.
2	Two words my wife and I said to each other as we were walking out."Never again"$14 for a sundae that was just ok while Max Brenner is just a walk away!  I knew this place was going to be a tourist trap but others wanted to go regardless of the bad reviews.  I'd rather buy 3 different pints of Ben and Jerry's from the supermarket.
3	Cute atmosphere. The items we ordered were delicious and of course we got frozen hot chocolate. I do feel everything was over priced and 45min "wait time" seems to be the staple even though we waited 20min. Overall it was an enjoyable experience.
5	Frozen.  Hot.  Chocolate.Everyone had been telling me that I HAD to get one of these.. and everyone was right.. that was sooooo good!!  I LOVED it!  It was nice and cool and chocolately.. and just perfection in my mouth..  Hubby and I had the size meant for two.. and I think we drank that thing in less than three minutes.. I kinda wish I drank it slower and savored it more.. The fam also had lunch there..Mom and I split the spaghetti with meatballs.. that was pretty good.. I like tangy marinara sauces and this one was perfectly tangy.. and the meatballs were pretty tasty.. Dad had a foot-long hotdog.. it wasn't too bad.. I think the bun really made the hot dog.. I liked it.. but I don't think I would have been able to eat a whole thing..Hubby had the ABC burger.. I didn't taste it.. but I dont' think he was too impressed.. Service was great.. everyone was really friendly.. I can't wait to come back to Vegas and get another Frozen Hot Chocolate.. and try one of their sundaes.. mmmm...
4	Very good desserts.  Quite pricey.  Don't make the mistake we did...share.  Each dessert is big enough for 2-4 people.
4	Bit of a long wait, but their signature Frozen Hot White Chocolate was definitely worth the wait. Refreshing, cooling, and not too sweet.Strawberry Fields Sundae & the Forbidden Broadway Sundae were amazing. It came in large proportions. Both sundaes were enough for our party of 5.The artichoke dip was AMAZING. I definitely recommend it!!! This really added to the Vegas experience, definitely coming back! :)
4	Their pizza is pure deliciousness. The bf said it was the best pizza he's ever had. Their shrimp alfredo pasta...was alright. The alfredo sauce was just too fatty/greasy. The shrimp were ginormous. I would ask to go easy on the sauce next time. Tried the oreo sundae. Shared it with 2 other people and still had trouble finishing it. It was awesome. Have yet to try the famous frozen hot chocolate...gotta do that next time.
5	1st I would like to say: "IF YOUR GONA CRY, GO TO CHURCH" "YOU GOT TO PAY TO PLAY... ITS VEGAS BABY..." I hate all these reviews about how its so expensive... id rather go here or here or here... for the amount we spent its not worth it....Your in Vegas everything is gona cost money, go to a cheap buffet if your broke... As for Serendipity I loved the place. We started out the the Chicken Nachos, I ordered the One-Eyed Jack and we finished with the Outrageous Banana Split (Coward's Portion). All was awesome. I loved them each. The Nachos were huge and the Sandwich was even bigger and extra tasty the Banana Split was everything you can hope for and the Cowards portion was big enough for my wife and I. Next time I'm in Vegas I will be sure to come back here for more. My advice to those who want to try this place is DO NOT GO ON A BUDGET... DON'T CHEAT YOUR SELF TREAT YOUR SELF
3	There's not much I can say about Serendipity 3 that hasn't already been voiced in the 900+ reviews. It's a popular stop for tourists because it literally sits right on the Strip and is easily accessed by foot. I could spend hours talking about how much I hate the set up of Caesar's Palace, but I won't. Bottom line, when visiting Serendipity, park valet or else you will earn the calories you eat hiking not only through Caesar's but then following the breadcrumb trail to Serendipity outside.There is always a wait, particularly on date nights (Fri/Sat) and if you're not interested in dining in there's a walk-up counter where you can order to-go. It's not their full menu, but has their staple items. The wait is long, but you can get some great people watching in.I'm not big on sweets, so their signature frozen hot chocolate was never a highlight for me although it is yummy and when spiked packs a dangerously delicious punch! However it was a little to sweet for me and true to the Serendipity theme of heart-stopping portion sizes. In a nutshell, it's instant diabetes, but likely worth it if you have a sweet tooth.My favorite at Serendipity is the Caesar salad which I believe comes in two sizes: appetizer and King Kong. I was having as dinner so I got the larger size and wasn't able to finish it and I blame that partly on the amazing croutons that the salad is "garnished" with. Usually, croutons do just serve as a garnish, sitting humbly on top of a salad and delicately scattered throughout. On the Serendipity Caesar, the croutons take the main stage as they are not only enormous but the best damn croutons I've ever eaten. I can't even believe I just spent three minutes writing about them, but they are that good! They're buttery, garlicky and toasty (perfect combo!) on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside and I can't put my finger on what kind of bread they used as I've tried to replicate them at home and they never turn out like this. The dressing was perfect, and evenly distributed throughout the salad. Towards the end things got a little soggy as I tried to power through and not fall face first in food coma into the plate, but any salad will start to do that if it sits there long enough.The staff and service is for the most part forgettable. The couple times I've been the staff has either been neglectful or incompetent with attitude which I guess is expected of a place that more often than not deals with walk-ins off the Strip who have been grossly over-served and are now trying to order a sandwich while belligerently drunk.Yes, prices border on the outrageous, but the restaurant is on prime real estate and again, the place has no sense of portion control. All in all, a nice place to take hungry out of town friends.
3	As with Real Estate, location is key.  And Serendipity 3 has an excellent location, right on the strip, in front of Cesears Palace.You cannot miss the pink decor as you drive down Las Vegas Blvd.  And this place gets crowded.  Luckily, they have a convenient to go window where you can place your order to go.Their claim to fame is their Frozen Hot Chocolate.  So of course, I had to order one of these, at a cost of $14 for a large one.  The taste of their specialty drink tastes similar to an ice blended mocha at your neighborhood Starbucks.  It's good, but not something that you never had before.Serendipity is a nice distraction from the hustle and bustle of LV.  You can just chill at their outdoor seating area and rest your feet from all the walking.Overall, it's more of a touristy place to visit and chill out after a long day.
4	The four stars is for the frozen hot chocolate which was the best and most delicious. 3 stars is for the food. I went here with a group of 7. The wait was about 30 minutes. The location is great and you cant miss it from Las Vegas Blvd and its in front of Caesars. I was actually surprised by how much indoor seating there were. I thought it would be bigger. Some of ordered a salad. The salads were huge. I ordered thai beef salad that came with a coconut for decoration. Some ordered the salmon dish. I tried it and it was dry. The fries were good, I couldn't stop eating them. Someone ordered the alfredo pasta which was huge. I will definitely come back here but only for the dessert. The food was just ok.
2	Great as part of a date night, or if you're a tourist wandering down the strip. As a local who generally avoids the strip as much as possible, serendipity just wasn't worth the trip. We opted for the to go window vs waiting an hour for a table in the restaurant side. Line wasn't too bad and service was pretty quick. We had to try the frozen hot chocolate just cuz. I guess I can honestly say it was the best $18 chocolate milkshake I've ever had. It was very thick, chocolatey and rich but not overwhelming. Would I go back? Doubtful.Yes I am yet another person bitching about how expensive it was, but hey its a recession and Vegas is full of awesome and reasonable places. Or maybe I should say - Vegas is full of places that aren't ridiculously overpriced like serendipity 3 is.I thought about coming back to try some of the food, but the reviews are all over the place. Most point to a badly inconsistent kitchen, so pass!
4	The desserts were delicious.  My wife loves this place and we have been to the Manhattan location.  NY experience is far  better than Vegas but it is not a fair comparison.  I do think the Vegas location needs to invest in some decorations and create a better ambiance.If you put your name in early for a reservations it is a lot better than waiting.Service was dreadful, would be 5 star if not for waitress who acted like customers were unimportant.  Her attempt to be friendly only at the very last minute when delivering the bill won her a bit fat George Washington for a tip.  Should have left a Lincoln.
4	BBQ chicken pizza and fried Oreo sundae were wonderful but gigantic
5	It's been awhile since I have had the time to yelp but after such a great experience I thought I should share. I took my nine year old daughter and her 3 girl friends for an afternoon out and we had heard such amazing things about the frozen hot chocolate we had to check it out for ourselves. We got seated pretty quickly,drinks came shortly there after, and then the food began. We ordered a couple of items to share and all looked and tasted great. The staff was very patient with all the girls and even let them try a couple of different variations of the frozen hot chocolate. With all the pink decor, fun retail items ( a couple of which the girls suckered me into buying them) great food and friendly staff I say this is a must pick for a little diva's day out!
2	I'm sorry but I was not impressed with this place. Maybe it was because we were here during memorial day weekend and it was packed like a Lady Gaga concert at an L.G.B.T event, or people read the reviews about their frozen hot chocolates and just had to come try one on such a nice cold and windy day, but either way we had to wait 2 hours before being seated. What really annoyed me was that I had called before we got there to make reservations and was told that they don't make reservations unless it is two hours in advance of you arriving. Um, hello?! We had to wait two hours to be seated!! She could have told me that the wait was that long and worked something out. Anyway, after waiting so long I wasn't even hungry anymore. I was going to get breakfast but by that time it was already like one o'clock so I decided to get lunch. I order the Cheddar Burger and fries and I was not impressed at all. My fries were soggy and cold and my burger was mediocre at best. I've had better at McDonald's. I was hoping after waiting so long to be seated I would be blown away by the food and in the end say "it was worth the wait." Yeah, that's a big soggy NO! The minute I put one fry in my mouth my attitude went from bad to worse because I love me some good fries and when my fries are sucking, I start to hate you.  We didn't order the frozen hot chocolate because by the time we were done with our food, we were all over it and just wanted to leave. All in all I was not impressed by the Vegas location. I'm sure the Manhattan one is by far better but then again, everything is better in New York....
4	Returned yesterday, had their banana waffles ($16) and icy hot chocolate ($10), my friend had their steak and egg sandwich (I can't remember price)... all 3 items were great and HUGE!!  I would HIGHLY suggest you share with at least one other person because the portions are ridiculously big!  My banana waffle was 2 huge waffles stacked with bananas in between and on top, very good!  My friends steak/egg sandwich was about 1 foot long with about 5 eggs inside... it was good but so big!  So I guess prices are worth it... Service kinda sucked.  We barely saw our waitress but in fairness to her the place does get busy.
1	God this place is appalling. The service is horrible, the food is Deep Fried Cisco, and its nothing like the old Serendipity in NYC( and that one has sunk as well). The only thing here that is appealing is the Frozen hot Chocolate, which you can get to go from a window round back and take it to sit and watch the people walk by at your pleasure along the strip. And even that Frozen Hot Chocolate is just a pre packaged sad shadow of its former self that got this restaurant on the map in NYC. Even the service at the window sucked. I don't care how much it costs, just give me great quality, and great service and I'm happy!But this place is just SAD at any price.
3	Wait was too long for a table so we had to order at the window.  The sundae was really good, but a bit smaller than I expected for the price.  I guess I will have to wait for next time I return to NYC for the original Serendipity for the true test.  A bit disappointed, but life goes on!
1	Just returned from a Vegas weekend and this restaurant and service was just terrible. The layout of the restaurant should have been better to accommodate size and demands of tourists and visitors instead of only being able to service the basic size of a mom & pop shop. It has a great area for outdoor seating but the shade and covering or cooling was not enough for Nevada 104+ F demands. The host and service was NOT great at all and good luck trying to find a seat and service with a party greater than 3. We were forced to wait an hour and a half in 104 F when we just had to give up because although we confronted the host as to why several parties were being let in (parties of 1 & 2), our party of 5 is just too big for them and it's easier to let people with smaller parties in. So very rude and not worth the wait.My highest recommendations to you, if you're willing to pay the same amount for Serendipity 3 go inside Caesars with A/C and comfy seating and shade. Find a bakery called Payard's Patisserie and get their drinks and pastries, just the same price (perhaps portions are smaller regarding pastries but they are in French style-size, drinks are huge) and BONUS they give free samples.Will fly to NYC for the original shop and avoid this mock.
5	One of my most favorite restaurants in Vegas. Went here two times over the weekend for the Frozen Hot Chocolate which is great for the HOT WEATHER. But the food is just as delicious, the Crabcake salad and the grilled cheese were so good. Next time I'm in Vegas, this will be my first stop.
4	At last!! This has been on my list for a while now, and each time I went to Vegas without trying this place out, made me want it even more the next. And it was perfect 100+ degree weather to try the much talked about frozen hot chocolate!! As soon as Phil V. and I found our friends inside, we downed our icy waters. It  was such a pain to find this place from the parking structure in back. Going thru the Casino..getting lost in the mall..asking workers how to get there and they didn't really know exact directions..and having to rush a bit under that heat. blech. just FYI, from ceasars parking structure, you head twds the right straight back twd the strip. So the food was okay. The frozen hot choc was BOMB ($10). Consistency was perfect enough to eat with a spoon and drink thru a straw. I loved sippin up the chocolate shavings and spooning off the whipped cream. Too delicious. We shared the bbq chicken flat bread pizza. It was good, but not super filling. Although I like thin crust pizzas, this one had too much thin crust and not enough sauce and chicken to go around. My friend's crab cake salad was REALLY good. If I came back, I'd order this for myself. The side of sweet potato fries ($4) were a little bland, but still crispy-good. The size is not worth that price though. Service was excellent, kept our waters refilled for that especially hot day and removed our plates right away. Ambiance was a mix of old school ice cream parlor shaken with a bit of new school Vegas. There was a huge bar inside and they played hiphop/club music. I'd love to come back next trip to try their other items. Huuuuge menu!
2	We got the Classic Hot Fudge Sundae with vanilla and mint chocolate chip. The ice cream was way too rich, the price was way too high, and the service was terrible.The manager even told us we weren't allowed to sit inside because there's a long line of people waiting outside to get seated but no one was outside and the restaurant was deserted. And they turned off the fans outside.
5	got the Frozzen Hot Chocolate to go.... taste exactly like rich hot chocolate....but cold!! SO GOOD!!!... idk bout the small cup being $10, and the large being $14,....but im a sucker for it now!
4	From what I can remember, the red velvet sundae was BOMBBBBB!I know we had some sort of appetizer but I can't remember what it was.We sat outside and watched the amazing LV scene!!  I live in NY and have never been to the Serendipity here but I'm sure LV expierence is much better!
2	Food is great, but service is pretty crappy, unfortunately.We had saw this place on TV and wanted to try it while staying in Vegas one night for dinner.  I assumed we'd be dining in but my boyfriend thought we were just going to get food to go (which is what we should have done).  He followed with my assumption instead and we ended up waiting for a table.  First of all we walked in not knowing whether it was a place where you seat yourselves or not.  The cashier probably saw our confused faces then told us that the host was outside.  The host was probably in one of the most awkward places.  The host podium was by the wall behind the "dinner special" sign.  While we waited for our table we noticed people kept doing the same thing we did:  walking by the host podium looking confused as to whether they should seat themselves or not.  This should have been the first clue that this place was completely unorganized.When we finally got seated (after more than 15 minutes, but that's ok), we knew what we wanted and our server took our order very quickly.  I noticed there were quite a few empty tables, about half of the room in fact.  This made me wonder why we even had to wait in the first place.  Our chicken tender appetizer was very good and a bigger helping than we had previously expected.  Both of our entrees were just about the same:  I had a Thai steak salad and my boyfriend had spaghetti and meatballs.  By the time we had gotten halfway done with our entree part of the meal was when things started to go downhill.Our server was pretty good in the beginning.  He was nice and never really forgot about us until after our entrees were dropped off.  We needed boxes for our leftovers and were starting to worry about making our shuttle back to our hotel in time.  It took our server so long to get us our boxes that we ended up ordering our frozen hot chocolate for dessert "to-go" instead of enjoying it at the restaurant.  I think our server got overwhelmed with guests because the dining room was full at this point.  It took us forever to get the frozen hot chocolate but at least he dropped off the bill at the same time.  We figured we'd just leave cash so we didn't have to wait for him to run a credit card.  The only problem was we needed some change so I thought I could easily walk over to the cashier and get two 10's for a 20.  Wrong.  I walked over to the cashier and asked for change.  She replied that she didn't have access to the register but I could ask the bartender if she had change.  So i did that and guess what? I couldn't get the bartender's attention because she was too busy talking. So I walked over to a different cashier who also didn't have access to the register. Who has access to the cash register then? I then tried to find our server, but he was running around the dining room helping his new guests. Finally I found a different server and asked for change.  She said she "thinks" she did but she took forever and a day to sift through her bills to find enough for me.  At this point I was completely irritated.  What kind of place has a customer running around the dining room looking for change?  Seriously, never again.  If we ever visit this place again, we'll just get our food to-go because this place seriously doesn't understand the definition of customer service.  They obviously don't know how to run an organized business.
3	I remember watching the movie serendipity and thought I have to try that dessert. Well I finally made it and I was disappointed. I ordered the frozen hot chocolate, mint flavor for two. It cost $11 for single but $15 for two. So we shared it. The whip cream on there was nothing special. Flavor wise was just okay. I have to admit they blended the ice very fine so I am giving it 3 stars. This is strictly a review about their frozen hot chocolate; we didn't order anything else since we ate brunch at Jean Philippe before heading here.The decorate of the place is cute. They had some crazy pictures on the wall. You have to wait if you want outside seating. We sat inside and thought it was cozy. I saw people ordering food and the salad looked huge. We might go back to try the food, but not for their famous frozen hot chocolate.
4	Disclaimer: i Have not tried the original one in NYC, so i have nothing to compare this one tooafter walking for 10minutes, which felt like 30 because of the heat, nothing sounds more refreshing then frozzzzen hot chocolate!We didn't want to wait thirty minutes to be seated inside, which was probably a big mistake because it took 20minutes anyway standing in the heat, in the to go line and we probably did not get the same amount of frozzen hot chocolate  if we were to go inside. but nonetheless, because it tasted so good, i did not mind at all! and the whip cream topped it all off. I also ordered a pink lemonade for the bf, which he stated was good. So I would probably be back again...it is kinda pricey but worth it
2	Service SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!After passing this place so many times, we decided to try it out since we had a bit of time (3-4 hours) to kill before our flight back. The outside line looked busy and we wanted to keep cool so we decided to go inside. The wait was about 15-20 mins to be seated but we saw there were tables just waiting to be cleaned.Putting in a rush order, we all decided within 5 mins all our drinks (frrrozen hot chocolate and waters) and our food. We got: Ahi Tuna salad (SO GOOOD), burger and steak fries, crab cakes sandwich, and wings. The food was terrific but the service was SO slow!! It took another 30-40 mins to get our food in which we gave our credit card then and there but they took about another HOUR when everyone but my hubs had to leave for him to give us the credit statement! No tip for him! I'm not sure I would come back because of the terrible service
1	Horrible service for a half empty restaurant.  45 minute wait before being sat in an empty station.  My friend's knife was dirty ok things happen but then after our meal the table behind us sends a plate back because their's was dirty as well.  Really slow service granted yes we were told kitchen was backed up but again 45 minutes for sundaes.  The server asked how everything was going and left before getting an answer.  Overall the restaurant survives on the hype, don't go for it.  Save your money; this place is not worth it.
2	This was the first visit to this place.Service = 3 stars.  Our waiter failed to tell us that the ultimate banana split sundae was the same size as "The Sink" in San Francisco Creamery.  I was with my wife and 2 kids.  Who's going to finish all of this ice cream?  Adam Richman!Food = 2 stars.  Disappointment.  Ordered the Kobe beef sliders.  Burgers were dry even to my 9 year old's standards.  The fries was good thus the 2 stars.  We also ordered the frozen chocolate milk and disappointment again.  If your standards is Max Brenner's frozen chocolate then you should stay away and save yourself $15 and go to the nearest McDonald's.  The Ultimate sundae was just okay too.  Nothing to really rave about.Ambiance = loud + noisy + can't hear my kids arguing = 1 star.  The place decor is okay.2 Stars Overall.
4	I tried the Mac & Cheese which was the best I have EVER had. The waiter was extremely rushed so our meal for 3 people took a while to come. However, we were seated on the patio overlooking the strip, which was pretty awesome in my opinion. Even though it was really hot it was an experience that will not be forgotten. I loved the Oreo Frrrrozen Hot Chocolate that we all shared!
3	A Las Vegas version of my all time favorite stop in NYC.  I was a little skeptical but was also really excited about this location.  The menu is a little different from the NYC location, obviously, it had to adapt to the Vegas atmosphere.  It's a lot trendier and more modern.  The food was decent, we had the hot dog, onion rings, french fries, a salad and a burger.  Overall, it was okay.  Just not what I expected.  We ended our meal with the frozen hot chocolate, which didn't disappoint - that part of the meal I enjoyed.  I still like the NYC location much better - due to the ambiance, service and food.  But, this location is much easier to get to and less wait time.
3	I, like some others here on Yelp, have yet to try the original NYC location(s) so I don't have anything to compare this one to yet. That being said this is what you should know:Do be prepared to wait (and in the Vegas summer heat this can be a little unpleasant)Do order the frozen iced chocolate (it's one of a kind)Do be prepared to shell out some money. This is a famous and touristy spot on the Strip so like anything else, it's a little pricier than most placesDo try the food, they're known for their desserts but the food is quite good tooDon't get upset...the wait will be worth itDon't forget to look at their intricate menus, they are pretty cool and tell the story of Serendipity in NYCDon't be fooled by your waiter's selling tactics. They may "conveniently" forget to mention if you order candy, etc with your frozen hot chocolate, it's going to cost moreKeep all that mine and you will enjoy your experience at Serendipity.
4	Kind of pricey, but it's typical for the strip. The food were good, not to the point where it's amazing...but their main attraction is definitely their desserts such as the frozen hot chocolate. It's like $14 for a couple sized and like about a few bucks below for a single size. If you're determined to go there, plan to WAIT. You can't reserve in advance so you make your reservation when you get there, and the typical wait is about 30 minutes to an hour! I recommend NOT going during lunch hours. It's pretty small inside.
1	Horrible service! Our table waited 15 min before anyone even showed up to our table...and they were out of two of the deserts we wanted...freaking lame.
1	I am drafting this review as I am sitting here waiting for a waiter/waitress. My party of 5 got sat in a little over 30 min. We have been sitting for 10 min with absolutely no service. We asked the hostess to get someone to get to our table and it has been more than 5 min. I guess when they have a request like that they laugh about it with each other and do nothing about it. Today is Sunday...I can't imagine this place on a Friday/Saturday. This restaurant is pretty small with a lot of hostesses and waiter/waitresses but someone everyone fails to get it together.Finally, we got to order. They are "back ordered" on the white chocolate and strawberry frozen hot chocolates. Fantastic. You'd think that the kitchen would be stocked with the large amounts of people that come in for the infamous frozen hot chocolates. We ordered a classic sundae,  original frozen hot chocolate, a mint frozen hot chocolate and an oreo frozen hot chocolate. Our Oreo one didn't come out and we were already finished with the rest so I flagged down our waitress who gave me so much attitude because she forgot to put in the order. Also, we did not get our change back. Guess that was tip. This place is literally on the strip. Great location and a good amount of people but horrible service. If you have a couple hours to waste, come here. The only reason why we came to this place was to bring our friends from Cali and to try the frozen hot chocolate...which was okay. Probably would have enjoyed it better if the service was better? None of us are coming back!
5	This was one of the places most of my friends told me to hit up.Frozen hot chocolate was the best drink I had while I was in Vegas.Nuff said.
2	Just a couple of tips!Don't worry about getting the Frozen Hot Chocolate; it just tastes like a cheap milkshake--but if you have to get it at least once, I understand... I won't tell you what to do with your $10-$12Also, if you get the Crab and Artichoke dip, be ready for lots of Krab and not a lot of Artichoke to put onto some burnt toastThen there is the hot dog--why would you even get a hot dog here? Pinks is RIGHT down the street, and it's legendary! This place... um, not so much.Apparently the pizza was awesome, but that observation came from someone who was completely plastered--take this under advisement.Oh! And the berries are fantastic as well as the fries.Get it girl!
3	This place is decent,  would I go back yes. But it is not very memorable to be honest. The irritating thing about this place is how the celebrate birthdays. They have everyone in the restaurant sing to the person. It was my birthday when I went, my 21st. It was really annoying to stop eating and talking to celebrate someone else's birthday that i will never see again. With that said their milkshakes are pretty good, and their fries are good. The best part about this place, the hot dogs. Now thats a good hot dog. its a foot long too. so I would go back, but I wouldnt say it is one of the best restaurants in Vegas
4	High prices but a fun place ti stop when your walking the Las Vegas Strip!
3	Went there with my wife and her brother. Both my wife and I have been here before do we knew what to expect. We were quoted a 30 minute wait but opted for seats at the bar. Good choice because the bartender was great, friendly and efficient and extremely helpful. I had the chili cheese dog, a Blue Moon and the wife and bro-in-law split the Turkey BLT and each had iced tea. The food is very good and the portions are humongous. A little pricey but you are in Vegas. Still, it was cheaper than breakfast inside Caesars at Neros! I don't know if I'd make a special trip just to go there but if you are in the area, it is good for a detour.
2	Great food...bad everything else, to the point I'm sure I won't go back when I'm in vegas again, unless it's to go! I've seen this place every time I have walked down the strip and always see it on tv on various shows. So I wanted to try it this time before I left. The place seemed busy but there wasn't a ton of people inside maybe 70% full. The reservationist is in a awkward place outside that you would normally walk by. I saw every person walk by her in fact and they walk back outside to get on the wait list. I know it's not just me, every person walked by, I state again. They had flat pepsi which was due to them being out of ice, which they should have gave us free sodas for. Also your in vegas, on the strip, it's hot. LETS PLAN OUR ICE USAGE better! Food was good, big portions and tasty. Had a fun time trying to get refills and most of all change. The hosts didn't have access to the registers and the bartender was too good to give us the time of day. We had to stop another server to finally get change, at that point I didn't even want to leave a tip for the server I was getting change for. So if you do want to go, get your food to go!!
2	Quickie: Service is whack. Frozen hot chocolate tastes like a slightly better version of a Wendy's Frosty (perhaps this is because it felt like a thousand degrees in Vegas...). Three of my friends and I decided to stop by to try the famous frozen hot chocolate on a late Sunday afternoon. I scoped the place out and saw at more than a dozen empty tables. Sweet, the wait was going to be nonexistent....NOT. The wait turned out to be 35-40 minutes. Why they refuse to seat people when they have plenty of open tables is beyond me!  I asked the snooty hostess why this was so and she said that it was the top of the hour so they had to seat everyone who was already on the list...that didn't even make sense. If there are open tables, shouldn't you seat guests?? The hostesses proceeded to seat two other groups before us in a span of 20 minutes...really?!When we were finally shown to one of the many open tables we took a quick glance at the menu and chose the sliders and a regular frozen hot chocolate for two. We closed our menus and waited for our waitress to come around, which probably seemed longer than it actually was due to the heat. She unpleasantly took our order then came out 5 minutes later and abruptly placed dishes on our table without saying a word to us. She must hate her job... The sliders were decent and again, the frozen hot chocolate tasted like a frosty. I definitely was not worth $12.  If I ever come back I will make a reservation and only to try the other appetizers/omelettes.
2	I really was expecting more from this. My mac and cheese was kinda bleh. I figured a place that was known for hot chocolate...er frozen, whatever...would have comfort food down pat. Getting seated was kind of a nightmare, and the atmosphere was too bright and crowded for my taste. I would have tried it again, but several months later I found Max Brenner, which was everything I wanted Serendipity to be.
1	one star... why? Here it goes: TIME 30 minutes for me to interrupt a random hostess to request a waiter... another 7 just to get water and another 20 to get our food out to us. Last I checked it takes less than a minute to scoop ice cream right? TASTE: -Chicken Strips..... forget it! that horrible Tabasco sauce that Hooters use is also used here....go to Buffalo Wild Wings instead or get the Spicy wings at the Albertsons deli...(amazing) -Nachos: I didn't know it was possible to ruin Nachos until now, the canned black beans and dehydrated ground beef makes Taco Bell a 5 star restaurant....skip them and go to the Yard House for Nachos...best in Vegas (I'm not kidding) -Oreo frozen hot chocolate.....I know my junk food and let me tell you something...those are not oreos, they are some cheap version of oreos because it has that medicine after taste. -Carrot cake ice cream...Semi good, You could actually build a better one at home, the cake tasted frozen old and the ice cream was substandard, Cold Stone has better quality than this 14 dlls overpriced thing oh and the nuts on top were also old. CLEANLINESS: Dirty, there are heavy traffic restaurants in Vegas just like this one and they are clean. The run down...If you have time to waste and want to people watch this is ok, It has a great location outdoor and indoor tables but the food is substandard including the service, I believe that the only reason they are still in business its because of the location and they get tourists that eat there once then leave the city just like airport food. BTW, I come from a family of accomplished chefs. avoid this place.
3	3 stars for now, i'll be updating my review and hopefully number of stars once i get to try out more items from the menu. i was here a few weeks ago when a friend suggested we grab some desserts. he'd suggested this place, and i was amazed to find out they actually had desserts locations around here. it was my second time in vegas, and although i'd been in and out of all the places on the strip, i guess i never paid much attention as i passed by this place. i ordered the forbidden broadway sundae, and it was pretty big. actually, it should be pretty big... because it was pretty damn pricey! me, my best friend and our friend shared it and ended up not being able to finish it. for one, it was wayyy too sweet and we all got pretty sick of it towards the end, especially when the ice cream had become all melted. overall, it was what you'd expect from a sundae. nothing spectacular...but i do still want to go back and try at least a few other things on here before being satisfied with my review.
5	[Sorry in advance, my review is a tad long...!]When I first tried this place back in March, I had a VERY good first impression-- the ambiance, the food, and most of all, the service made me leave this restaurant as one happy customer.I went at around 5 or 6pm on a Friday night. My two cousins and I were seated the moment we stepped into the place. Our waiter was very friendly and didn't take too long to bring us our drinks and take our order. We ordered the Crab & Artichoke Dip, a High Heel Pump for my cousin and I to share, and a Full Monty for my other cousin.Although it did take a while for them to serve us our orders (about 20-25 min), it was all worth it. Our appetizer and our 2 sandwiches arrived at the same time.Our order did get a little messed up-- Instead of my cousin and I getting the High Heel Pump, they gave us another Full Monty by mistake. We told the waiter that we received the wrong order. He walked to the cooks and discussed the error with them, came right back to us and said that if we'd like to keep the Full Monty that they made for us, then he would take it out of our tab. :-) DEAL! We said YES with no hesitation. I mean, who WOULDN'T take a free sandwich?!The sandwich was flavorful and filling. As I was eating it, I kept telling myself that it was the BEST sandwich I've ever tasted (probably because the thought of it being free made it 10x better). ;-)The Crab & Artichoke dip was tasty. It was full of crab meat rather than the actual mayo dip mix, which is a plus. Since we couldn't finish it all, we took the rest of the dip back to our hotel-- I had some for breakfast the morning after (with some bread and crackers we kept in the room), and it still tasted good. Next time I go there, I'll probably order this again, but as my meal instead of an appetizer.For dessert, we ordered their infamous Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. Before we ordered it, we asked our waiter if it was okay for us to use a Frrrozen Hot Chocolate coupon that we got from PH. He told us that our coupon wouldn't be valid unless we ordered more than a certain amount, but said that he'll try to work it out for us. At this moment, I was very happy with our waiter and his great service (although I wish I remembered his name)!The Frrrozen Hot Chocolate was not too sweet and not too thick. It had a light consistency, which didn't make us too full. I would compare it to a soft, smooth chocolate milkshake. Once we received our tab, our Frrrozen Hot Chocolate ended up being FREE! Which meant, 2 free orders in one night! HELL YEAH. Our total was around $35. Rare for me to say this, but our waiter definitely deserved that very generous tip we gave him. :-)
4	FINALLY!!! I got to try the frozen hot chocolate. I told myself to be ready to be disappointed by all the hype but since I'm such a tourist and have never made it to the Serendipity in NY, I had to go!!! The wait for a table was 30 minutes so we opted for seats at the bar. The bartender who made our frozen hot chocolate was very friendly  which is always a plus. We ordered a frozen hot chocolate, serving size for one, cost about $10. It was huge. Size of my head.. okay not quite because I have a big cabeza but pretty big. I was so excited because it looked scrumptious and. it. was. The whipped cream was silky and didnt taste canned and cheap. The chopped chocolate pieces on top were good quality and just the right amount.. the frozen hot chocolate was brimming over the sides into the plate.. you bet I slurped it up!I WANT MOREEEEEEE!A little pricey, too long of a wait for a table but overall I was really happy we went :). My honey even liked it!
2	Insisted on visiting this Serendipity since I had such a good experience at the original location in New York. I was severely disappointed in my experience.First, the atmosphere is not the same, although there is still that whimsical feel it just felt off for some reason. Secondly, the frrrozen hot chocolate here is a poor, poor copy of the one you would get in New York. We got the mint frrozen hot chocolate for 2 and the size, although still big, seemed much smaller than the portion at Serendipity NY. But my biggest gripe is that it was lacking the fine ice crystals that I feel make frrrozen hot chocolate so unique. The drink wasn't nearly as cold as it should have been and since it lacked any ice it felt more like a melting chocolate milkshake and felt very rich and heavy as opposed to rich yet still refreshing.The menu is also limited so there are some items missing such as the frrozen pink lemonade which is delicious and would be perfect in the Las Vegas heat. If you love Serendipity and find yourself unable to make a visit anytime soon to New York, Serendipity 3 might be a good option but if you've been to the others and are looking for the same experience I think you'll end up disappointed.
2	High expectations--unmet. I thought this was supposed to be dessert heaven! Came here with two great friends after a delicious dinner and shared an Oreo Frozen Hot Chocolate and a Cotton Candy Martini (?not sure the exact name of these). I absolutely loved the oreo, but the frozen hot chocolate was a little too much for my taste. Too sweet, too chocolately, too thick, I just didn't like it. The martini was alright. Pretty stiff drink.. not so much cotton candy. Can be a good or bad thing.I think I'm over this place. Not even if a friend reeeeally wanted to go..
3	After the loooong drive from Sac to Las Vegas, we came here for some breakfast/lunch before our hotel check-in.  I definitely like the decor of the place, I like pink!  Haha.  But ... the food took FOREVER to come out (& we made it in before it got TOO busy) and the prices were definitely overpriced ($4 for a glass of OJ o_0) It's definitely one of those tourist spots, one of those "hey, i've been there", once in a lifetime spot for me. Maybe next time I come, I'll just try the different flavors of frozen hot chocolate!
4	I've heard of Serendipity and their famous frozen hot chocolate, but thought that I'd have to wait til we went to New York to try it. So imagine my excitement when I found out that there was one in Vegas!! My husband and I tool my parents out to dinner and decided to end the night with some famous frozen hot chocolate. We had made a reservation so we didn't have to wait to be seated, however, once we were seated we waited forever for some service. The waitress stopped by and said that she would be right with us, after a few more minutes of waiting, we ordered a round of waters to start. After nearly 10 min, our waters came out. We ordered the frozen hot chocolate (of course) as well as the deep fried Oreo sundae. The hot chocolate was good, not blow my mind great, but pretty good. I loved the sundae. I mean, can you really go wrong with cookies an cream ice cream, hot fudge, whipped cream, and fried Oreos on top?! Though we were in serious food comas after, it was totally worth it. Great desserts, slow service, full bellys!! I can't wait to go back and try something else. Maybe the $1,000 sundae??
3	This one is tough - 4 stars for the frozen hot chocolate (I got the mint, others got the white & original), and 2 stars for the food... But I suppose that's really the focus of the place... Had the A, B, C burger (avocado, brie & caramelized onions) which was ok but not incredible. The crabcake sandwich that my friend had was pretty good though... 30 minute on what appeared to be a restaurant with plenty of open seating, which was somewhat frustrating, but that's Vegas... Overall would come back for the frozen HC, but probably would skip the meal.
3	This is place is ok except for the long wait time just to get a table which I wasn't too surprise since it is in Vegas. The food was like anything else you may have had at another restaurant. I guess they are know more for their desert, which I would say look appetizing but I didn't order since I was full already.
3	I didn't get to try anything else except for the frozen hot chocolate. It was pretty good, not too sweet. It's perfect for hot weathers like Vegas. It was kind of pricey just for hot chocolate though. I still think it's worth a visit when in Vegas. This is located right outside of Caesar's Palace. There was supposedly a long wait and we signed up for seating (30 min wait), but noticed that they have to-go orders too and you just order from the window and sit outside. The downside is that there are not as many selection of food as when seated inside.
5	The food is actually awesome. For a place that advertises for their infamous frozen hot chocolate, the food is delicious!! I had the chicken Alfredo and it was one of the best that I have ever had anywhere! We went during off season for Vegas, so we did not have to wait long at all to be seated, I believe it was right away!-a plus! Great for kids, date night, or just a break from the alcohol and have some cold hot cocoa! They do have outdoor seating but why would you want to do that if it was super hot! They have a to go window where you can wait outside and order, if they are super busy in the dining room. Give it a go if you are from there or are visiting! I had coupons from when I stayed at Caesar's and it was buy one get on free frozen hot cocoa. Great service, since it was our first time there, I questioned everything, and since I am picky, our waiter was very helpful, which made it all the more pleasant for me!!
2	I first want to start this off with: I've been in the Service Business for 15 years, so I might be little hard on restaurants sometimes, but for the most part, I always want to go in ready for a good experience, especially if it's one I like. We are not picky people, so we are coming from a pretty low-key place....If you are a fan of the quaint Manhattan bistro, Serendipity, don't come to this place. If you are really on the jones about, or haven't experienced the Manhattan location and want to have a Frozen Hot Chocolate, step on in, but prepared to be underwhelmed by everything else. Having visited the Manhattan location several times, how surprised was I to see a Serendipity on the Strip in Las Vegas. Wonderful! I thought, this should be fun.Sadly, like anything good and decent left, this had been turned into a horrible corporate basterdised version of what is a charming little restaurant.When we arrived, (around 2:00) the restaurant was about 70% full inside. We stopped at the hostess stand where the two girls there informed us it would be a 20 minute wait for inside. Huh, says I, looking around, there are 4 tables here that are empty and just need to be bused. Thinking that the hostesses would pitch in and hussle to bus these tables and help the waitstaff... well...what was I thinking? My husband also asked them about his Players Club card from Caesars. Supposedly we got some sort of points or discount, whatever, but it was important to him. Again, just stares and finally one says, "Oh, well, just give that to your waiter."  These girls had much better things to do, like debate their natural hair color, or stare at the wall and wonder why their heads didn't float away.After 20 minutes (and seeing there were now 5 empty, clean tables), I wandered back in and asked if they were ready for us.  The hostess asked me if I wanted to be put on the waitlist. No, I gently explained, we have a buzzer. Not only did she call me by the wrong name, but wanted to know if we wanted to sit outside..Sigh. Somehow, even dealing with Bim and Bim, we managed to get sat. 10 minutes later, our server appeared. No friendly introduction, no "Hi, Welcome" just "What can I get you to drink?" My husband asked about his Players Club card again, and the waiter looking like they had no idea what we were talking about, mumbled something about the hostesses or something at the end of the meal...my husband just closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose.Waters took another 5 minutes and thank God, after our 20 minute wait outside we knew what we wanted, or that would have been another 20 minutes waiting. The food was good. Solid enough and for Vegas pricing, not the worst I've seen. We got a couple appetizers: Sliders and Chicken Strips. The kitchen seemed overwhelmed by the 3 tickets in the window, which isn't a good sign and the manager was out expo-ing the line. Again, not a great sign of a restaurant you'd think should run like clockwork since it's not that busy. We were given our food (not by our server) and dug in. Sliders were good, a little dry, but the chicken strips were very good. I recommend them if you brave this place.Trying to save some sort of this experience, I attempted to engage our server in conversation, however that turned out to be teeth grinding, and my husband just started shaking his head. All in all, we did get our frozen hot chocolate, but the experience deflated the fabulousness that this desert holds and I know for any future visits to Serendipity, I'll keep it out of Sin City and in the Big Apple.
4	If you are cruising along the strip and have a craving for something sweet, Serendipity3 may just do the trick. And here it goes:Drinks - 4 stars. I ordered a Berry Mojito and I must admit that it was one of the Mojitos I've had in awhile.Food -3 Stars. I had an order of Onion Rings that were huge and my main course was bbq ribs. It was just ok for me, the portions were generous nonethelessDessert - 4 stars. this is what they specialize in, they have so many selections and decided to try their famous Frozen Mocha Hot Chocolate and it was very deilicous!!! the next time I come back to Vegas, I'm gonna try the Red Velvet Cake Sundae, it looks sooo good and hugeService - 3 stars. waited about 20 min. to be seated in which I'm ok with because it was during peak lunch hour,  the waitress was friendly, attentive so I had no problems with the service.all in all, it was a good place to go. Whenever I am on a trip, I love to go to places in which they don't have one at home (Hawaii) I'm pretty sure that if a place like this were to open in Hawaii, it would be an instant hit!!
3	I had the seared-ahi salad. It was fucking@awesome.com.The atmosphere is meh, but its famous and that's enough to make me go along with the person that chose it. Just about every entree is $15 and up, so don't think you are gonna get out of there cheap Mr penny-pincher. The odds of me eating here are very slim unless I go back to Vegas with the person that chose it and they want to eat here again. But you can be damn sure I'm picking the place we go after that.
3	After reading all the reviews on this place and seeing the "frozen hot chocolate" mentioned in most, I decided to make a stop at Serendipity (since we had just eaten at Max Brenner in Ceasars) and get one to go. 10.00 for the frozen HC and 5.00 for a tiny bottle of evian so 15.00 later, I was sitting at an outside table ready and excited to try it. So the verdict? simply meh. It did kinda taste like a chocolate milkshake but with a more chocolaty rich flavor. Was it worth the 10.00? Absolutely not. I only got through about a quarter of it before I got tired of it, said F this and threw it away. So a few weeks later, I was talking to a friend who asked about my recent trip to Vegas. Told her I tried the frozen hot chocolate at Serendipity. She got all excited and told me she had tried it too but at Dunkin Doughnuts. We both agreed that it was good but really rich. Then I said "I didn't feel it was worth the 10.00. I think she felt bad telling me that she had only paid... get this... 2.00 for hers! Trying to make me feel better, she insisted that mine was probably better to which I replied "Nope, I am pretty sure they were the same." Haha, so there you have it, even though I have not tried the one from Dunkin Doughnuts, I would say to try theirs if you really feel you must try "frozen hot chocolate" aka "The more chocolaty milkshake." No milkshake is ever worth 10.00!!! I just wish, I had come to this conclusion before basically giving my money away. Well ya live ya learn   :)Note to self: When at Dunkin Doughnuts, try the Frozen Hot Chocolate to determine if it is not as good as, as good as, or better then Serendipities version. Then post the review on Yelp so others will not have the misfortune of spending too much if Dunkins is as good as or better. Keep an eye on my profile if you are interested in the results. I have a feeling this study will be conducted within the next few weeks as I have been jonsing for a chocolaty fix lately   :O
5	Just tickled PINK!!!! I luv Serendipity!!! We went on a Thursday night, we couldn't get into the restaurant due to a private party renting the place out, so we ordered from the to go window and didn't find out until there that it's a smaller menu :o( but we ordered our treats and sat in the open area, and really the view was great, Eiffel tower the left of me and Roman Palace to the right of me...and how often does one to get see that???? This is one of my fav spots in Vegas!!!
3	In Vegas, it is one of those things that you should experience because its a famous restaurant/dessert place.  Its not the best ice cream ever, but hey, its 90 degrees and serendipity sounds like a good idea!  Their ice cream is good.  Frozen hot chocolate is exactly how it sounds- cold, slushy like hot chocolate.  Not my fav because I'm not really a fan of cold chocolate liquid.  Their pretzels come in a huge S shape with nacho cheese. And their donuts are texas sized.  Heard the deep fried oreos are GOOD!  (but you can only order them in the restaurant, not in the to go counter)We never got to eat inside tho because theres always a really long wait.  So everytime I've been here it's been ordering from the to-go and sitting out on the patio.
3	I was so disappointed in the little shop. As there was a big long line to get our snack. It took about 10-15 minutes to get our pretzel and a cold hot chocolate. It wasn't the line that I was most upset about (I don't mind a long line if my food is good) well with that being said, our pretzel wasn't all that great, it was hard and cold. I'm not quite sure if that was their intention of how they make pretzels, but I sure don't like it that way and I don't enjoy hard rock pretzels. The most deceiving part was the long line that everyone was hanging out in front of to get some good quality food, maybe everyone else's food was good, but mine sure wasn't. When the employee handed me my pretzel, man was I was surprised to see how big it was and how yummy it was going to taste, but man was I so disappointed to have a rock of a pretzel. I just expected more for a long line, if you know what I mean. I guess this place was just all hype of a line.I probably won't be coming back here, if I do, I'm sure it won't be for a pretzel. Thank goodness I didn't see the price of how much everything cost because the wifey paid for it, if I knew how much she paid, I probably would be writing how much this place was over priced.
3	i think the one in NY is much better.i don't remember their frozen hot chocolate being as sweet.  the mochaccino was way too sweet....and the food! do not get the food.the nachos are disgusting.  sO salty and the chips are so huge that it's not easy to eat unless you break them.  it's like the size of 4 normal tortilla chips put together.their burger.. also disgusting!overpriced too.will never come back.
2	Horrible Frozen hot choclate but great entrees
2	I heard many good things about this place and so was excited to try it out.My friends and I ordered the Thai Beef Salad, Asian Chicken Salad, Monsters Meatball and Spaghetti, and Grilled Salmon. We were extremely disappointed. I don't even know what the meatballs tasted like. The spaghetti and salad dressings were BAD. The rice was hard. The salmon was a-ok, but the portion was small compared to other dishes.On the bright side, I tried their famous frozen hot chocolate, and I loved it! We all loved it! Totally made my experience better. I don't know if we didn't order the right food, but I'm definitely not coming back here for their food, ONLY FOR DESSERT!
3	Been to the Serendipity in NYC and must say it's better over on the East. Their menu is moderately different and the food just tasted better..It didn't have the Hot Dog and Junk food choices, but had more meal types.. Different City, Different Demographics....We do however like their sweet potato fries and their specialty "Frozen Hot Chocolate" is the same, East or West Coast. We also like the Summer Bries and the pizza. Always end up taking the other half in a to go box for some midnight snackeroo's..You can share the regular size of F.H.C. no need to do the double unless you have a very sweet tooth...Always order this with your meal or else you'll end up regretting it later on.OMG, I just remembered one of the visits when we sat at the bar. We could fully see the kitchen. A staff was not very sanitary. A waiter also worked the kitchen and I saw some fries touch his hand and some salad as well for another meal, but he just let it go and served it. Then he takes a rag those wet rags on the counter and wipes off what he spilled without washing his hand and serves the plates...I should have said something, but they might do something to our food. So we kept and eye on how our food was plated..Oh ya, It gets crowded here so if you have the option to sit at the bar take it. They guy who served us on a prior visit was very nice. He made us his specialty for my friends birthday...There is also a T.V. for those guys who want to see sports scores and whatevers. Outside seating has a mister and fan so you can keep cool. Also a Take-out area available, but always a line so might as well stay and get served...
3	Got the breakfast quesadilla's, pretty good, also ordered the frozen peanut butter hot chocolate, really good... however this place gets three stars because the service was so bad.
4	Breakfast for champs - that's what we had here...at 1pm..on 3 1/2 hours of sleep. Hey, it's Vegas..sleep is overrated. Personally, I think the frozen hot chocolate is overrated. I'm not a fan - it just tastes like iced water with a flavor of chocolate. However, their ice cream cookie sundae is AMAZINGNESS!! So is one of their pastas - I don't remember which one, but I think it had shrimp. If you have kids, this is probably one of the more family friendly places on the strip/in Vegas. But be prepared to wait awhile. 2 of my girl friends and I ended up waiting around an hour for our table..inside. [Slightly off-topic: We think Brody Jenner, or a guy that looks exactly like him, was sitting at one of the tables outside - don't really remember what he was eating since..meh, celebrities..don't care..]
4	I went here almost everyday during vacation. Always busy. Frozen hot chocolate and chili dog are my favorite.
1	Amazing frozen hot chocolate.  Terrible service. The hostess was not nice at all, and we waited for over 30 min to even go inside and the place was not even close to being half full.  Our waitress was very nice, but it took a very long time to even be helped.  This one does not even compare to the one in NY.
3	i may not be a huge dessert lover or burger joint junky...But you have to try (at least a hundred times) Serendipity's frozen ice-cream shake, esp the strawberry. OOOOOh, your tongue will thank you!would have been a 3.5 stars but the hour wait...you serious? Host aren't that friendly either...perhaps the 105 degree weather...perhaps!
5	Hubby and I came here for a date night, and he had a cheeseburger with fries, and I had the ABC (avocado, brie, caramelized onions) burger with a frozen hot chocolate (it was so yummy). Then I ate there again with my parents and daughter.  I had the crab cake salad and my daughter had the kobe burger sliders and chocolate milkshake, and again the food was so delicious.  They even served us cheesecake pops dipped in chocolate, and they were so sweet and delish!
5	OMG the Fried Oreo Sunday was BOMB !!!
5	Easily one of the best places I've ever eaten at. Period. My bf couldn't shut up about going to this place ever since we decided to go to Vegas a couple months back...and lemme tell you it was worth the buildup and then some.This place had everything you could want. The quality and freshness of the food were great, the portions were huge and the setting of the restaurant was great;right on the strip outside of Caesar's palace which made for excellent people watching. The food prices are a value because they match the quality and quantity of what th get, not to mention that the service was impeccable. It was 102 outside and our waitress was nice enough to give us our beverages to go.The frozen hot chocolate is a must try for everyone. It was one of the best desserts I've ever had. Easily a solid 5 stars and if I could give it a six I would.
3	ever been to a place to try it only to cross it off your bucket list because it wasn't good enough to come back? serendipity is one of these places for me. if you have never tried it, go get the frozen hot chocolate & onion ring tower. at least this way you can say you've tried it. we also got the famous Vegas sandwich too. the food was decent. the frozen hot chocolate tasted like a super chocolatey shake. quality of the food is like diners type of food i.e. Denny's, but generously portioned.
2	Horrible service and the food took forever to come out. Considering that I was there on a weekday and not on a weekend
3	My past recent visits to Vegas, I've dined at this place because my friends hella like it.I beg to differ... I mean, I'd rather go to a freakin buffet mannnn!! Lol. Their food is good tho! I've tried their chicken alfredo pasta thing, sweet potats, nachos, wings, and their crab cake sandwich (which was pretty bomb), and their frozen hot chocolate. Haven't tried much because I always get the same thing when I'm here! I know... borrrrrring. Can I just say something tho... their service here is horrible. It would take years for a server to come help us, take our order, bring us drinks, and more longer for the food to come out. Why?? I have no clue. It wasn't even THAT busy the last time we went. Whatevs.
3	Line is long. Super buzz kill waiting that long for a frozen / hot chocolate. Worth a try though if you are willing to wait. It has a primo location and it was on the FOOD NETWORK!Grade: B-
2	OverMy lowly review is unlikely to have any effect on the patronage of this over-hyped, over-crowded and over-priced tourist trap.  $15 for a double frozen hot chocolate?  Shame on me for giving into hype.  I feel like I got slapped silly and got called Susan.  It was kind of like a chocolate shake with ice chunks.  My buddy had the "coward's" banana split.  For $14.  It looked to me like a big...banana split.  That cost $14.  Last I checked, I bananas and ice cream don't cost much.  But I suppose rent at Caesar's Palace does.We could have gone to Max Brenner...or maybe just stayed home and saved ourselves the hour wait for a table, the 45 minutes we waited for our orders to be served and the $$ I spent.  Sweet?  Yes, very.Bitter?  Nah, just over it.
5	I read about this place on about.com and various Yelp reviews were raving about the Frozen Hot Chocolate. I have to admit they were all correct. The "chocolate shake" as we called it was so damn good. Double Chocolate for the win. Also the Fried Oreo sundae was very good. The Oreos were still hot when it hit our table and while I will have to definitely work this meal off in the near future it was well worth it.
1	I am a Serendipity fan, a New York original Serendipity fan. I am no longer a Las Vegas Serendipity fan. I ate at the LV location 1.5 years ago and had a great experience, but this time ruined its reputation for me. I also am a frequent diner at the original NY restaurant, so it's upsetting that this establishment shares the same quality name.Came to eat a late lunch here last Saturday around 3pm. I was meeting up with some friends and was the first one to arrive, so I put my name down. We had a party of 7, so when she said it would be an hour wait, that seemed reasonable since the place was packed. However, then she said that they ran out of buzzers and that I should just wait in the area for my name to be called. Wait around for a HOUR? When I can walk around Cesar's Palace instead?? I wasn't happy but I complied and the waiting began.Since it was 3pm, and I hadn't eaten much that day and I had to wait around the restaurant, I decided to order a snack at the take-out window. Figured I would split a hot dog with my boyfriend while we waited since I was starving, and then when we were seated in a hour, I would order something lighter to complete my lunch. The take out window was super slow and inefficient but they guy serving us at the window provided good conversation. As I was waiting for my hot dog at the pick-up window, I hear my name called at the restaurant. WTF??? It had only been 20 minutes.The hostess gave me attitude because she had been calling me name. Hey lady, what do you expect when you don't give me a buzzer!!! I explained to her that my party was ready but that I had just ordered a hot dog at Serendipity Take-Out and asked if I could bring it into the restaurant. She said NO and that she could seat the rest of my party but that she couldn't seat me if I wanted to bring in a hot dog. Even though my friends hadn't ordered any food yet and I had bought the hot dog from Serendipity, she wouldn't budge. So I canceled the whole table and my friends and I just ordered more food from Take-Out. The whole ordeal just makes no sense. (1) Why would the hostess say the wait was an hour and then be able to seat us in 20 minutes?, (2) Why can't you bring Serendipity take-out into the restaurant if you are still going to buy food at the restaurant? And it's ALL THE SAME PLACE!,  (3) Serendipity is not some pretentious nightclub.
4	$11 for what is essentially a chocolate shake? You're basically paying for the right to say that you had a Double Frozen Hot Chocolate. I, like most people, tried it because I was curious to find out what a Double Frozen Hot Chocolate was. It sounded like a delicious oxymoron. Basically, they take over 16 powders to make hot chocolate. Then, they freeze it. Then, they throw it in a blender with two scoops of Ben and Jerry's chocolate ice cream. Pour it into a glass and add whipped cream/chocolate shavings. Done. It's actually very tasty and the portions are generous. My sister and I shared a small, and we could barely finish it. Beware that it is very messy to eat/drink. It's the perfect frozen treat after a long, hot walk on the Strip!
3	If I was writing this writing this review based solely upon the frozen hot chocolate, then Serendipity 3 would easily be a slam dunk 5-star. Most seem to agree that this cold and chocolate delight is so tasty! The actual restaurant is another story though...I had been to window where you just order your frozen hot chocolate and don't have to worry about the insane crowded-ness of the restaurant. But when I was in Vegas last month, my group of girlfriends decided to be brave and take the longgggg wait. We lucked out with a 30-40 minute wait (pretty short by Serendipity standards). It's loud inside, and after sitting for about 10 minutes waiting for at least a drink order, my friend went up to a waiter and let him know that no one had come to our table. When our waiter finally did arrive, and another waiter swoops in out of nowhere and starts holding onto my shoulders (yikes!) and cheesily says "ohhh this guy gets nervous around beautiful ladies. he was probably afraid" and then flashes a weird smile. Yuck! Well after that weird moment ends we get some waters and look over the menu.My friend and I decided to split the truffle pizza (post-Italy truffle obsession). Another friend orders a burger, and another pair of friends split the brie and turkey sandwich. Our pizza was big and retangular shaped. It was pretty good, nothing too memorable. My friends also enjoyed their food, but said it was nothing to rave about. We closed with the wonderful hot chocolate. The setting it adorable and loud, the food is okay, the service is bizarre, and the frozen hot chocolate is to die for. Mixed feelings about this place.
5	This review is ONLY for the frozen hot chocolate. If my other reviews didn't say it already, I'll say it again.. I have a HUGE sweet tooth. So this drink is perfect for me. We usually order one and split it. I feel like it's one of those drinks you have to get only a little bit of or else you're going to think you spent too much money or start finding flaws with its taste since your stomach is telling you "NO MORE!" I have to admit, it is a little on the pricey side.. but since it's not like I go to Las Vegas or NYC often, I don't mind splurging a little to satisfy my sweet tooth (in my case, TEETH). Whenever I went, I never really had to worry about the wait since I order at the booth or the bar (be sure to bring your ID, they don't let you wait at the bar unless you are 21+)And one time.. my friend and I got a drink for free from the guy who worked there (since the woman in front of us accidentally ordered three when she only wanted two!)... THANK YOU AGAIN nice serendipity guy!!!
2	Worse wait I've experienced.Most people who spend money on the strip are people on vacation.  I don't know about you, but I don't like wasting my vacation standing around.There was a coupon for a free frozen hot chocolate with the purchase of an entree, so I went to check it out.  I've seen pictures, and it looked so large and delicious.Turns out, there was an hour wait to be seated.  I opted to forgo the coupon, and stand at the walk-thru window instead.  Horrible decision.There were two parties ahead of me, but there were only two workers, so they took the order, made the order, then served the next customer.  The wait took over a HOUR.  I've never had such a horrible wait.  When I got the frozen hot chocolate, I ordered the one for 2.  It didn't look as large in a dinky plastic cup.  In fact, they only put about 2/3s of what they put in the blender in my cup.The hot chocolate was good, but it wasn't worth the price.  It tasted cheap, like powdered hot chocolate, and blended ice.  I've tasted better frozen hot chocolates, and they are generally made with syrup, for a creamier more integrated flavor.Overall, I was disappointed with my experience.  It doesn't taste bad, and the decor was interesting, so I give it a 2/5
1	Wow where does one start. The frozen hot chocolate...is NOT frozen ! It tastes okay, kinda like a melted chocolate milkshake, but it costs $10. The cheeseburger was $15....and it was just a cheeseburger. After the 35 minute wait, followed by the 10 minute wait to be addressed for our drink order, I was not impressed. I think the sit down restaurant is not worth the time or money.  Food was sub-par, overtly expensive for the quality, and the service was spotty and slow.
3	Hmmm, I swear this place was better when they first opened =(This time around the same fettucini alfredo that I've craved and raved about to friends tasted plain. Like I coulda made it myself for half the price.The spaghetti wasn't as good as I remember either =( Sad.Thankfully, the froho (frozen hot chocolate) hit the spot in these 100 degree days.
4	if im in vegas and im not eating at a buffet or a fancy restaurant, i will probably be eating here.the portions are humongous. ordered the french toast LOG (yes a log) to share with my friend, and i still couldn't finish. and we were pretty hungry. side of berries makes it a semi-healthyish meal. but im pretty sure the frozen hot chocolate overshadowed any kind of healthiness. but hey were in vegas, we can indulge.i think this is the best value for food on the strip. im just comparing to a $12 dingy salad that i got at a food court in palazzo/venetian, compared to the $18 LOG.only negative thing is that the expected wait time is usually never that long. they said 45 min wait time. but our buzzer sounded like in 20 min. last time i came here, they said 2 hr wait, so we walked around the strip and came back in 1.5 hr and turned out that they had already called for us.
2	Was craving a frozen hot chocolate all week long prior to going to Vegas, so I walked down here after doing a bit of shopping at the Forum shops. Seeing as how I was ONLY gonna get a frozen hot chocolate, I went to the line outside and thought, oh, this is going to move fast cuz there's only 4 people in front of me. WaitingWaitingWaitingWaiting20 min later, I finally get to the front of the line. SLOWEST MOVING LINE EVER! Why do they not have more people working here when the line moves at the speed of molasses. My grandma can do cartwheels faster. Anywhoo, after paying a ridiculous $10 and waiting over 20 min, i finally had my meh frozen hot chocolate. Wasn't as good as the first time I had it. I feel sorry for the people who were waiting behind me in the growing line.
1	First of all, this place was extremely cold to the point and too noisy yo couldn't even have a conversation with the person next to you. I ordered their mac'n'cheese and it was really good, my mother ordered the tuna tacos which were raw! i'm not sure if they were supposed to be like that but they tasted horrible, my father ordered the asian chicken salad and he said it tasted like any other chicken salad only the difference was it was way overpriced. The portions were small and we were going to order some dessert but couldn't handle not one minute of being there so we finished our food and left in a hurry. Worst dining experience I've had. But the service was okay, except that the food took long to get to our tables. I wouldn't return ever to that restaurant but I will probably order (dessert since I haven't tried it)  from their outside window and take it to-go.
2	Had to try these frozen hot chocolates my friends were raving about. I gotta say I was pretty disappointed especially after just looking at their disgustingly oversized giant stale donuts.  I tried the Original Frozen Hot Chocolate and the Vanilla Chilla Hot Chocolate and both seemed like they were just ice blended drinks. They were NOT EVEN FROZEN!!! That just seems like false advertisement.I feel like i can get something similar at Starbucks.... wait I can!!! The Vanilla Chilla is exactly like their Vanilla Bean Frap!!! Except not as good.The fact that it was so hot outside made it taste good, but it is nothing I probably couldn't make at home.
4	large portions... something pretty common in vegas.potpie was amazing!apparently its seasonal and only in the winter.. poo, i couldnt order it when i was there in july. i def recommend the hotdogs and potato skins. spaghetti and mac and cheese... meh, i can do without..the frozen hot chocolate IMO is a chocolate milk with ice. i can do without.service was slow bc there is always a wait but since bf was a seven star at caesars our wait was about a fraction of the reg time. YOU CAN WAIT OVER 2 HOURS! not worth it iMO.
4	Don't get any of their drinks to go unless it's the frozen hot chocolate. I got the strawberry cheesecake and it just didn't taste right in the cup and it was hard to get all the cheesecake pieces that were in the bottom. The rest of the food is typical burgers n fries, nothing special. Expect a long ass wait if you go.
2	Wanting a mid-day snack we walked into Serendipity (I also wanted to know what all the fuss was about). We had to wait in the HOT sun for like 30  minutes, because I'm not sure why we couldn't sit in the outdoor seating area! Finally our table was ready, and that's when the disappointment began : ( Service was not good, and it didn't better during the process. The food was not bad (not great either), the orea sundae however was fantastic.Would I go back, no. I just expect good service...
4	The Frozen Hot Chocolate was bomb!especially.. you know.. summer in vegas..
3	3.75 starsSo hot in Vegas it felt like walking under a hair dryer-constantly!  Craving a nice cold shake to cool down!  Sat at the bar with my 2 GF and ordered milk shakes.  took a while to arrive but the bartender was super friendly and attentive.   yummy and thick I deducted .25 stars as they were $10 apiece.
2	Something isn't right here. When you see this place only at half capacity, you would think it'd be easy to grab a table. NOPE. Apparently that means that they're booked for the whole night. Who the hell are you guys serving?! Ghosts? Bah, whatever, got our frozen hot chocolates from the side windows as a result.We ended up trying the white chocolate and double chocolate frozen hot chocolates. I really didn't know what to expect. In my head, I was thinking something along the lines of fried ice cream, where you get that fried and crispy warm batter on top of ice cream, except hot chocolate that's been flash frozen somehow. Nope, mindfuck, it's just a cold chocolate drink that ended up being overly sweet, especially the white chocolate. Probably won't ever try this again.Fun fact, frozen hot chocolates don't give you brain freeze. I was able to fist 8 straws and drink through all of them simultaneously like a champ but didn't succumb to it's mind numbing power. I think Serendipity had the last laugh though because I think I just got a cavity and pre-diabetic status after drinking them.
3	good for the desert, but not a big fan of the food. the portions are huge tho
3	Was planning to go to the location in New York later this year when I visit but given it happened to be here in Vegas; we gave it a try. Frozen hot chocolate was good but  definitely overrated at $10 a pop.  However, for brunch, my boyfriend had some dish with gravy and biscuits on it and those were definitely the best biscuits I had.
1	All of my friends talk about this place.  I see it all the time on the Travel Channel.  Last week I decided to give it a try.   Had to try the signature Frozen Hot Chocolate, of course.  Since D and I were starving when we got there, we also ordered a jalepeno pretzel and a cheese pizza.  Frozen Hot Chocolate - First of all, it was 10 bucks for a size comparable to Starbucks Grande size.  Second of all, it tasted worse than a grande chocolate frapachino.  Nasty powder chunks in the drink, and not even very chocolatey.  Save your money and your taste buds, go to starbucks.Jalepeno Pretzel - 8 bucks.  Totally not worth it.  Tasted like spicy cardboard.  Go eat some desert sand.  I'm sure it will taste better.Cheese Pizza - 10 bucks.  Tasted like a 5 year old made a pizza in an Easy Bake Oven. The worst part....  we waited over 30 min in line.Don't think I'll be heading back there.......
2	Overpriced. Overpriced. Overpriced.The quality of the food is comparable to fast food except at a much more expensive price. Don't expect much on the frozen hot chocolate. You can get the same thing at McD's. Tourist trap.
3	needed a place to eat right off our trip from the airport, walking the strip we saw serendipity and went in....according to the waitress they had no seats yet it was only 2/3s full, so we sat at the bar...bartender was awesome but the food took forever to get and it was your standard bar food...if your in a pinch and drunk this is your place but otherwise its overpriced and nothing special
1	Two stars at best!  If your going for Frozen Hot Chocolate you'll be fine.  Service good, food mediocre... They messed up seared Ahi, and it took 10 minutes to remake, it came back out on an app plate...incorrect and then took another 5 minutes to re-plate.  I have had best food and managerial attention (had non here) from Denny's.  Thanks Serendipity!  Don't try to make a mint from a name...try some customer service please.
4	Frozen hot chocolate! That's it...i'm spent! LOLIf it weren't for being in the middle of nowhere and adjacent to a Chinese garden in Caesars this place would be better! Hows about a storefront location elsewhere but a casino!  Little pricey but its FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!
4	The portions for the food are HUGE! Unless you're starving and about to die I recommend that you split with someone. And omgosh the ice cream was to dieeeeeee for! Me and a friend split a sundae with fried oreos and cookies n creme ice cream and marshmellow fluff and it was the BOMB! I love ice cream and this place was definitely one of the best places that I have ever been to!!!!
3	Serendipity 3 = a must-go when you're in Vegas..especially with a group of girls.I was in town last weekend & came here for late lunch on a Friday. The wait for 10 girls was about 45min-1hr for an indoor table. Luckily, outdoor seating was available right then & there. I'm not sure why people don't want to sit outside. I understand that it's hot, but it's shaded & actually nice to see out there. Oh well, all I cared about was that we got seated right away. Since we were definitely going out that night, my friend & I wanted something filling. We went with the cheeseburger. We asked to get it cut it in half, & there's a fee! So not worth it. We were able to cut it ourselves with a plastic knife. The cheeseburger was a cheeseburger. It was good, but not like wow. Also, it had a HUGE bottom bun. It was too big that we both took it off & finished the remainder of our meal.Service was good. Nothing outstanding, but it was fine. She was a very nice waitress though. Definitely will be back at Serendipity 3 when I'm in Vegas, but not sure if I'll get the cheeseburger again.
4	Frozen hot chocolate with peanut butter cups= AMAZING. I'll be back for some food next time!
2	Do not go to this restaurant if you have more than four people in your party! We arrived shortly after 11:00am on a Monday. It was our last meal on our way out of town. My husband and I valeted the car at Caesar's Palace and walked to Serendipity 3 with our four children. I stood in a short line to put our name on a waiting list. The lady told me it would be about 30 minutes. It didn't seem like a long time to wait at first. Then we noticed that everyone in front of us had been seated immediately. Then everyone behind us started to be seated. I asked the hostess if maybe they overlooked us. She said that there was another large party of five ahead of us then we were next. Large party of five? Since when is that large?I looked in the restaurant to see mostly four tops. I noticed about 5 more four tops were seated before us. That's when I asked to speak with a manager. I asked him why all these four tops were seated ahead of us. He said there were only a few tables that accommodated more than four. It was against company policy to move tables around due to fire hazards. What??? I've never heard something so ridiculous before. They then told us our table was almost ready. I wanted to leave, but I knew I would have to wait everywhere so we waited ten more minutes then we were seated. Btw...the day before 17 of us were seated together at The Sugar Factory in less time!The food: way over priced, like most things on the strip. My macaroni was ok but $15 for a 8 oz bowl! My daughter loved the sliders. The meatball pizza was interestingly good. Another daughter had the kids macaroni which wasn't the best but was bigger than mine. My third daughter had cheesy eggs which were full of cheese and pretty yummy. My baby boy shared with all of us. Dessert: the Frozen Mint Hot Chocolate was pretty extraordinary however!  It was $14 since I got the drink for two. We also ordered a chocolate milkshake and a strawberry milkshake. They were good, but I've had the same milkshake for less than half the $10 we paid. The redeeming qualities: our server was good, they offered a kids menu to sort of soften the blow of the bill, and the valet was free!
5	Loved the dessert, wish we had dinner - the food looked amazingly good.  We'll have to check it out again for food before we leave.  Definitely a must to have food/dessert at Serendipity 3.  This location is much better than the one in NY - that place was a dive even though the food was good.
4	Thought they only sold ice cream but come to find out they serve pretty good food.  The frozen hot chocolate in any flavor is fantastic.  Its a must try if in vegas.  Prices are reasonable get there early the wait could be long.
5	Serendipity is famous for its desserts, and rightly so! You can not come here and not indulge your sweet tooth. They have sundaes made to be shared, and I doubt any one could eat one without some help! I had the red velvet sundae and it was absolutely scrumptious. The cake fell apart easily, the fudge and chocolate chips on top were worth it. The restaurant itself is super cute; it's got this pink, shabby chic theme going on. There is plenty of seating in and out doors. The staff is super polite and sweet as well. This is definitely a must in Vegas!
3	My review might be biased since I regularly go to the "real" Serendipity in New York.  I was in Vegas on vacation and was excited to try the Nevada version of my favorite restaurant.  My friend and I got there and waited about 30 minutes to be seated.  Not too bad considering I once waited 2 hours for a table in NYC.  We looked at the menu and were ready to order, but unfortunately, no waitress showed up for at least 20-25 minutes.  Once the expression on my face showed I was slightly annoyed, a waitress came over and asked if we were being helped.  We weren't.  Strike one.We had a coupon for a free Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, one of my favorite treats.  Well....they brought it out and the first thing I noticed was that they did not use fresh whipped cream, it was Reddi-Wip.  Also, it was a much smaller portion than Serendipity in New York.  The Frrrozen Hot Chocolate wasn't made correctly..very watery.  We didn't really drink it.  Strike two.The food was alright.  I won't give them any strikes for that.  I enjoyed my grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup.  We ordered our favorite New York desserts and again were slightly disappointed.   I ordered the Coward's Portion Banana Split and the lady was in such a hurry, I didn't get to tell her which ice cream and toppings I wanted.  The original location always asks me if I want to customize.  Strike three. Overall, the Las Vegas location is OKAY.  It's not terrible, but if you LOVE Serendipity 3 in New York, I wouldn't recommend it.  You'll just be disappointed.  If you have never eaten at the original Serendipity 3, I'd say go for it!  You probably won't know the difference and you'll have a good meal.  Unfortunately, I found myself comparing the two locations the entire night.  Again, it might be unfair to do so, but I simply don't believe this location lives up to that famous Serendipity 3 name.
3	This review reflects my experience at Vegas Serendipity because Serendipity New York is way better but the frozen hot chocolate is good nonetheless. The wait was way too long and having to sit outside in 103 degree weather for an hour can seem like an eternity. I had the eggs benedict and strawberry waffles. The eggs were really good, the sauce was delish but the waffles were not that impressive. Overall, if you've never had a frozen hot chocolate from Serendipity...you should try it BUT try to make your way to New York for the real Serendipity.
2	i was recently in las vegas for a conference for work. to kill some time before picking up the bf from the airport, my friend, her bf and i went to serendipity. it was probably about 7PM and only one party ahead of us waiting to be seated. we probably waited about 10 or 15 minutes and were sat inside. the inside decor is pink and gaudy. i only ordered the small frozzzen mochaccino. it was still a pretty big size if i were to get it as a dessert after eating. it was like a melted watery chocolate shake that you eat with a spoon. my friend and her bf ordered the large frozzzen strawberry surpreme which was like a melted watery nesquick shake. it was a little bit bigger than the small size. i probably could have just shared the small size with another person. they also ordered nachos with chicken added. it came with small dishes of salsa, sour cream and guacamole on the side. it was bit oily from the cheese and i think they used sharp cheddar because it was kind of bitter. overall, i think serendipity is overrated. i mean, it was okay, but its not a place where im dying to go back. maybe once just to say i went and tried the "frozen hot chocolate".
3	Had the frozen hot chocolate....similar to the one at William Sonoma..tasty and they make it in different ways.  The atmosphere is nice and lively great music not to loud but just right.  Had the BBQ and Blue Cheese Burger with sweet potato fries.  Excellent!!  Overall great experience and would recommend at least going there once.  BTW the waiter we had just happen to be from Lahaina, Maui.
1	Maybe the "real" one in New York is better or this one is just staffed poorly, either way it was a memorably bad experience.  I found out Las Vegas is a hustle bustle busy type of town with a small town "Ill give you service when I feel like it" attitude for anywhere on The Strip...and ths was no exception.Had reservations for an outside table at 8pm on a Wednesday.  We arrived around 7:30 and told the hostess we were early and would take a table ahead of time if one opened up.  She told us that wouldnt happen and to check back in at 8pm for our table.  The inside portion was filled but definitely not swamped, we could not see what the outside seating area looked like.We went to the bar which was able to seat 10-15 people, and had about 6 of us sitting there.  The girlfriend and I ordered a fish bowl to pass the time.  10 mins later no fishbowl.  15 mins later bartender tells us hes going to get 'The master bartender' to make our drinks.  Not sure if it was a joke or he meant the female bartender working with him who's shift must have ended the same time as he said that as she grabbed her backpack and left.  30 mins lapsed aand it was time for our table, no fishbowl, countless others had mixers served to them in the meantime.It was now 8pm aand our table should be ready.  Checked w the hostess who told us that we needed to wait to see if any tables were open.  10 mins later they brought us to our table.The outside seating area had 3 other tables with people and the other 7 or so were empty.  What?  No one walked out before us and the tables werent dirty?  Why the wait?  Waiter came over and asked how we were doing.  We told him we had waited for our fishbowls and they never came.  More or less deadpan expression and said 'Well do you still want it?'  No good sir, we want the delicious food we heard about.  Waiter took our drink orders, 2 sodas.........10 mins later no sodas.  20 minutes later no sodas.  No one else was seated around us minus a table directly behind which had a family of 3 apparently in the same position as us because the one younger guy was sleeping on the table.We left after the 20 minute mark without being served our drinks.  We had some lacking service in Vegas but this place takes the cake.  Overpriced menu which would have been forgotten, but lack of service on top of an overpriced menu is just a thumb in the eye with a squirt of lemon juice.
2	I wasn't impressed with the NY location so I wasn't expecting much from this one in vegas.I had the Thai Beef Salad and since I was craving veggies, this hit the spot. I wouldn't come here again. Music was loud and the place was pretty pretentious. I hated the gum ball fish tank that was outside in the heat. There didn't seem to be any bubbles/filter thing going on and the fish was slowly being simmered. Things are already overpriced on the strip but this menu is ridiculous, just like the menu on 59th.
1	I would tug on anyone's arm if they told me they were going to dine here.  This place was awful.  Terrible service.  Long wait, even with reservations.  We had to wait 25 minutes for a drink at the bar.  Finally when the bartender failed to make it for me, I got up and left.  I expressed my distaste with the Host, who then proceeded to seat us.  A second attempt at ordering a drink with the server failed.  Apparently the sign out front saying "Expect a 20 minute wait for a diet coke" was burnt out.  We left 40 minutes after our 8:00 reservation still with no apologizes or drinks.  Very disappointed.  The dessert menu was different and looked great, however.  But the food, was nothing noteable.  It was very overpriced sandwich, burger, nacho type of food for approx $20 a plate.  Save your money.  and your time.  And don't test your patience at this place.  There are many more better places to go in LV.
3	Had to check it out....since there is so much hype.  Ended up going on a regular night...and we still had to wait a bit.  I mean it was good,  but gosh darn it...its way too overpriced....worth a visit...if you're a tourist....
1	We went to Serendipity this weekend and I have to say I was VERY disappointed! When we got there we were told it was a 45 minute wait and to wait outside close by.  We sat at a table right by the entrance and never heard our name called! One of my friends went inside to make sure they didn't call our name and they said they did.  Since we didn't hear it they told us it would be another 20 minute wait or we could sit outside. We chose to sit outside.  The hostess was rude taking us to our table she did not smile once and we basically had to jog to keep up with her.  When she was handing us our menus she was cold and rude.  Our waitress then came and was okay at first but after about 20 minutes was the same as the hostess no smiling and rude.  I ordered the frozen hot chocolate and let me tell you it was not worth the $11.00! It was all whipped cream and the couple sips I did take I got chunks of ice! Our waitress brought us our bill and didn't come back for about 20-30minutes!! We all got up to go find her but by then she came back. Overall it was crappy service and the deserts were way over priced for what you got. I will never go back and I would never recommend this place to ANYONE.
4	Ok. So this place I kinda have a lot to say about..The wait- First off we had reservations to which we had a credit card on hold for at 11:45am. We were there early and still weren't seated until about 30 minutes later o Ly to be informed they had a table ready the entire time but never sent anyone to get us....The food- the food selection looked really good on the menu. Everything is a tad on the pricey side, but oh well, this place is famous right? It kind of took a while to bring our food out and I have some gripes about that. They forgot one meal, one breakfast came out super cold like it's been sitting for a whiiiile, and my omelet was like super-cooked hard and dry. So 3 misses out of about 14 people, I guess I'll let it slide?BUT, and this is a big but. They quickly resolved this issue by comping the meal they forgot and the meal that came out cold (and brought out a brand new one) (I didn't complain about my meal bc I don't like complaining at restaurants), and on top of that, gave us 2 frrrozen hot chocolates and a bloody Mary for our meal that was cold. So all in all, the food was ok, the desserts and sweets are yummy, and the service ended up being great since they fixed everything they messed up. I will come here again and update my review and hopefully I'll have a 5-star experience next time!
4	Great burger! Great fries, and damn that frozen hot chocolate!!!
4	I have heard of Serendipity for a very long time now and always wanted to go there when I went to NYC and i was super excited when I heard they opened up a location in Vegas. It is located right by Cesar's Palace. Even though I was extremely stuffed I made sure to make room to get a Frozen Hot Chocolate here. I got it Togo since I wanted to do some gambling. The wait wasn't too bad I got my drink relatively quickly. A small frozen hot chocolate costs $10 and a larger costs $14. I opted for the small size since I knew I couldn't finish the large size. It was really good. I loved it and so did my friends. Very refreshing in the 100+ degree weather. Next time I will have to dine there to try to get the whole experience! Cant wait to go back!
2	After going to the new York location, there just is no comparison. I've been to the vegas location a couple of times over the past few years, and it was just ok and didn't meet the high price. Obviously the frozen hot chocolate was excellent, but my meal this trip fell very short from what one would expect with such prices. 30 minute wait for an inside seat OR 10-15 min wait for a table outside. 100 degrees in the shade on a hot patio with fan/mist machines that don't quite reach the tables didn't help the dining experience much. Basically leaving us an even shorter timeframe to enjoy that frozen hot chocolate. I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs which was a huge disappointment. The meatballs were more raw than cooked. The outer layer was brown and looked cooked but the center was still pink and squishy. I realized this after eating half of one. Possibly why I felt sick the rest of the afternoon. Both of my meatballs were the same and my friends plate was exactly the same way. $130 for 4 people and I couldn't even eat my meal lol.
4	Yummy!Breakfast with my two-yr old son.Waffles with strawberries, and a balsamic/chocolate vinaigrette topped with whipped cream. It was savory, without being super sweet. We had their delicious hot chocolate too. Yummy, great portions, and a must-do.
4	Since I went to New York and failed at going to the original location I was excited to see that there was one in Vegas.  I have come here a few times, and each time ordering something different to indulge my sweet tooth.  The decor is cute, but the location is too small, always a long wait, so be prepared.  Luckily where it is located there is plenty of seating while you wait.  They also have a walk up window for those of you who just want to satisfy your frozen chocolate cravings and not have to wait too long.  Whenever I come I am usually with a large group and we usually all order a different item.  We mainly come for the desserts and not food, so I honestly can't rate that part, even though everything does look delish.  From what I have seen the portions are large, enough for sharing, which I would recommend.  That way you have room for dessert, which is the main attraction here.
5	The wait here can take awhile but the tuna taco with mango salsa appetizers is amazinnngggggggggggggggggggggggg! A must try! I can do without the frozen hot chocolate .
4	The frozen hot chocolate is PERFECT during summer. Pretty expensive but definitely worth it. Get a large and share it with someone. I recommend the to-go line because it's always crowded inside (at least a 30 minute wait).
3	OHHHH the hype. I fell for it! I've been wanting to try it for a while and finally made it a point to visit the last time I was in Vegas. We arrived there pretty late and was expecting to get seated right away because it was 4:30pm, too late for lunch and too early for dinner. Boy were we wrong! Wait was 20-25 mins for OUTDOOR tables in 109 degree weather. UGH. Outdoor seating has misters, but don't expect that to help you cool off. Bad misting/fan system they set up back there. It's just for looks...Food- BBQ Chicken Sandwich - very flavorful and the chicken wasn't dry. I liked it a lot- Onion rings - sooo bad. The batter was way too thick and they dunked it in parmesan. Gross...- steak fries - seasoned with kosher salt. and was very good! - sweet potato fries - a little bland, but not bad. - Frozen Hot Chocolate - this was hyped up way too much for me. I could do without. I really wanted to get the steak sandwich but it was a little too expensive for waaay too big for me to finish. It looks amazing though!!Our server was a little spacey and couldn't remember a thing we asked her. Kinda annoying, but she was very nice. Overall, an overpriced place that is super hyped up. Ehh..I'll pass for now since I'm on a budget.
4	After my second visit to this location I decided it was time for a review. I have been to the original one in NYC and when comparing the food there is really no comparison, they are identical. The wait for this location was a lot shorter the times that I went. Also, the location is smaller, i think. Whats great about this location is that they have a to go window outside, so if you don't want to sit on a table you can just order from their side window. Like many yelpers have mentioned the Frozen Hot Chocolate is delicious!! Believe the hype!! Its totally worth the wait. So four stars on the Frozen Hot Chocolate & location!! Soon I will review my experience in the NYC location.
5	Stood in line 45 mins to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate and it was so worth it and the Footlong Hot Dog was a added bonus. So Good.
4	If your coming here for food your in the wrong place. The food is below average and is way overpriced. But if your looking to get your dessert fix your in the right place. I got the deep fried oreo sundae and it is by far the best sundae iv ever had. I'm good on sweets now for at least two weeks.
2	food? pool party? food? pool party?.. my friend didn't want to go to the pool to see boys noize with me so we went here for lunch bc i've been meaning to try it.. we get there and it was an hr wait.. to pass the time we had a drink or two at the nearby bar.. we finally get seated and placed our orderwe got..-crab cake salad: surprised at how big the crab cake was and the grapefruit made the dish for me-tomato soup: creamy but nothing special-chili: nice portion..loved this chili and the dish i liked the most-grilled cheese: thick sandwich and was ok.. well, to be fair, i'm not a big grilled cheese fan -frozen hot chocolate: wow, what a let down.. within a min i sucked out all the choc flavor and was left with a mound of icetrying this place once was enough for me..
1	I expected great things (charm, pizzazz, spunk, amazing desserts) from this restaurant since my NY friends tell me their NYC location is a must-stop for kids. So we took our 11-year-old to get a treat on a recent trip. Place looked dumpy, scuffed floors, beat-up furniture and no "flair" that I could see. To be honest, it didn't look that clean either! Worst of all was the attitude--no one acted enthusiastic or friendly. Wouldn't you think an ice cream parlor would be friendly? The food was overpriced, there was a long wait for a table and the sundaes (in my opinion) were GOOD, but nothing earthshattering (and believe me....I've had plenty of earthshattering desserts!) The view of the Strip was the only thing that salvaged this waste of $50--yes, $50-- for two sundaes and a milkshake. I guess that's authentic NY prices for you.
3	Cool spot at Cesar's Palace...the frozen  hot chocolate is what everyone raves about. It's yummy but it's no different than something you can pick up at any shake place. I came here for brunch and had the egg whites and spinach omelette which was served with cheese, avocado, and breakfast potatoes on the side. The omelette was bland. It definitely lacked flavor, I couldn't really taste anything. The potatoes, however, were perfectly crips on the outside and delicious. 3 stars for the food but 5 for the service. The hostess and waitress were both very friendly and attentive. I had a good experience at this place but I don't think I would go back again.
3	Like most of what everyone on here has said, the service stinks. Our waitress could have had more of a personality or perhaps practiced a little more on that fake smile to be more genuine-looking. She was a little rushed & not personable.Although I do have to say that the 2 gals I dealt with at the front counter were excellent in getting our party of 5 seated in 5 mins instead of the 30 mins we were told to begin with. At a 114 degree weather today we probably could've gone for inside seating, but THAT probably would have been the 30 min wait. The fan misters were OK if you were directly in its path. Our drinks came out fairly quick, along with the baby's kid meal which were the 2 burger sliders that could have easily been devoured in one bite by any starved adult--they were so microscopic! I guess perfect for a child of 21 months.Thai Salad was pretty good, the Nachos appetizer @ $14 was shabby, only thing good about it was the condiments it came with:  sour cream, real guacamole & fresh salsa. The Buffalo Wings were nothing special, just your ordinary batch that came with sticks of carrots & celery & ranch dressing.What wowed me was the White Cholocate Frozen Hot Chocolate. I think we got gipped because we ordered a Large to share, but it looked exactly like a Regular single serving of the Oreo Frozen that someone in my party ordered. Banana Split, I was told, was good, along with the Caramel Sundae that someone else got.All in all, this is not a place to go if youre Starvin Marvin for food, but I wasn't let down w/my dessert choice since I am a true White Choco lover. They need to re-train staff, but I gave the girl a full tip only because I want to believe she was just tired from the heat & was just probably not having a great day. Whatever. Overpriced. 3 stars because I enjoyed my company.
1	Horrible!Frozen hot chocolate = milk + ice + hot cocoa powder blended together for $10.  Not sure why everyone is raving about it?!  It was the worst drink ever!  Especially in comparison to a regular milk shake...On top of that, the ice cream used in the shakes, cones, and sundaes is Ben and Jerry's.  Uh, you are a fancy schmancy ice cream shop and you don't make your own ice cream?  To top it all off, there was a 30 minute wait to get in.  There is a real B&J's just down the street on the strip and another one in the Miracle Mile shops...So why waste your time at Serendipity 3?Why? WHY?!
1	You'd think a famous & expensive place would have great food and great service. Yah, who wudda thunk those things are important to people? I guess the owners of Serendipity 3 just don't care much anymore. Short version: Service is below that of a chain-casual dining spot. The food is expensive but cheaply made. I can make wayyyyyyy better stuff at home. Cleanliness is questionable. So if you are reading this... spend your money on a buffett or show. Long version:SERVICE:Walked past the host who was barely alive. Jeez, you are a cute girl so please smile. I know its hot out, but there is mist and a nice breeze plus its your job. Server was nice but was missing often. Why is there a 30 minute wait when there are so many empty tables? Your servers can't handle more then 3 parties of 4 people? Please, management pick up the ball and provide some training and push your employees to be more than they can be. Took forever with my change too. :PFOOD: Looks nice, tastes fine, but it should have been better!!! $14 strawberry fields sundae yummy cheesecake, STORE BOUGHT strawberry ice cream, atleast there was real whipped cream, cheap strawberry syrup, and one little strawberry. $11 oreo frozzzen hot chocolate Frozen watery crap with canned whipped topping like a Frappuciono from starbucks you left in the sun for 10 minutes. DECOR: Pretty AT FIRST, but looks like they threw this place together cheap. plus CLEAN YOUR TABLES. Stick & the pretty lamp on the table had old marshmellow on it. NASTY! Leme tell you a secret. if you have water, blender, instant drink mix, and ice you can make these "FROZZEN HOT CHOCOLATES."Take two-three heaping table spoons of any of your instant coffee or hot chocolate mix. Maybe add 1 tbsp of sugar if you want it sweeter. Put in blender. Add 8 oz water. Blend. Get a 16 oz cup. Fill with ice. Put in blender. Blend until smooth. TAR-DAR! You just saved $10-11 dollars.
4	Move over Frozen Hot Chocolate, hello Frozen White Hot Chocolate! We decided to have breakfast here when we saw it the night before while strolling the Vegas strip. We came in a little earlier than usual. That helped because it got really packed later on. I had a Chorizo Quiche and me and my wife shared a Frozen White Hot Chocolate. The Chorizo quiche was delicious. The greens are fresh and evenly dressed lightly. The quiche was perfectly baked. Eggs were fluffy and the crust was flakey. The chorizo can use a little more 'chorizo' flavor. The highlight of our breakfast was the Frozen White Hot Chocolate. So delicious!!!
4	It's such a cute place inside and out. We wanted to wait for an inside table because it's so hot outside. The wait time was 1/2 hr which wasn't to long. The music is a bit loud but the crowd is lively and fun. I had a grilled chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries and my sister had the salmon with rice. I tasted her food and the rice had curry, corn and some other ingredients. I really don't talk rice to much, but this rice was really good. Her salmon was also very good. My grilled chicken sandwich was good, but too bad my sweet potato fries were not even warm. What a let down....I am torn on giving this place a 3 or 4 stars. I would give them 3 because I think they are way over priced and a 4 because I was drooling over their desserts and ambiance is really nice. There are so many restaurants in Vegas that I'm not so sure I would come to this place on my next visit. I would most likely try a new place.
2	Me and four other friends had the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate after dinner during one night in Vegas. Here are some thoughts on it."Dude this tastes like a Wendy's frosty.""I can make a better one at Peets."...and so forth.It tasted fine, but definitely overhyped. I did feel a bit ripped off too. $10 for something that can be made for half the price elsewhere. Then again, it's Vegas. Try it once for the experience....or something..right...?
1	Nothing Serendipitous about this place. It was overpriced and the hostess had about as much charm as my sweaty feet from walking in Vegas in 100 degree weather. A bad attitude too. I should've saw the red flag but we needed to evade the "Hot Babes Direct to You" swaggers for a while.We just had desserts (which were pretty standard) so I can't comment on the food but I won't be back to find out. Our waitress was nice but overall this place had a really crappy vibe. Thanks but no thanks.
2	I waited for about 30 minutes (outside at the express counter, not inside the restaurant) for an original frozen hot chocolate. It was definitely very delicious and refreshing on such a hot day, but it was definitely not worth the price or wait. It tasted a lot like a Coffee Bean Pure Chocolate Ice Blended. If you want to go to try the famous frozen hot chocolate, you may be disappointed, but hey - at least that will be one more item to check off your bucket list.
5	I loved the high heel pump! We met the GM Jerri, and no wonder this place is so great! Our bartender was the best, didn't catch her name, but if you see a tall blonde behind the bar then sit and have one of the best cocktails made on the strip! Last time we were here we sat at the bar and Raul was our bartender, what an entertainer! Being a local definitely has its perks...
4	Frozen hot chocolate is delicious. I've never been to serendipity but always wanted to indulge in the many desserts offered here. I really enjoyed the Chocolate chip cookie dough sundae and frozen hot chocolate more than anything we ordered. We ordered a ton of desserts like the banana split and so forth. Everything is super rich but very addicting. Before the desserts came out, I also ordered an Eclipse from the bar.
2	Frozen hot chocolate... what a disappointment.  I don't get why everyone are so excited about this.  It's just chocolate milk blended with ice and whipped cream on top.  That was the only thing me and my husband ordered and guess what's the wait time on that... 15-20 minutes.  And the place was not even packed.  I was really looking forward to the drink since they have it trademark.  That's $14 wasted.  The chocolate milk in casino is probably better.
3	Went here last week and had the meatball pizza.It was a flatbread pizza cut into 4 with ONE slice of meatball and some ricotta cheese on each slice. It was decent and I was hungry after travelling all morning and not eating for about 14 hrs , so I needed food. But, I would not have enjoyed it otherwise. I did enjoy my peanut butter milkshake that I had with it though.2 stars for the milkshake , 1 for the pizza.
4	We ordered our Frrrozen Hot Chocolate from the walk up window - it was perfect for us as we didn't want to sit and be served.  We just wanted a Frrrozen Hot Chocolate on the go!It tasted exactly like the the Serendipity 3 in New York. However, in New York I feel like the overpriced $10 dessert goes towards the ambiance, the experience, the cute tables/chairs and old-fashiony ice cream dishes.In Vegas, we got a plastic cup handed to us through a little window and later we were like, "huh, $10 for a shake."   Even still, I'd do it all over again tomorrow.  What's $10 in Vegas anyways?  It just meant I had $10 less to lose in the Wizard of Oz penny slots!
4	I want to so so so so bad give this place five stars because my sandwich was out of this world!!But the service was mediocre.  My friend was so excited to order one of the massive sundaes, but apparently they were out of some of the ingredients.  The waiter did not inform us of this until easily 10 minutes later and in addition showed no remorse.  Sandwiches are great.  My friend got nachos and those were super delicious, too.  I would recommend splitting sandwiches and then ordering a sundae for the table.  The sundaes could be meals in and of themselves and are soooo deeeelish :)
2	Don't get the food.. It's a rip off! I went to the outside window because I didn't feel like waiting for the restaurant. We got sliders.. they were whatever.. overpriced.I only wanted to go to try the famous hot chocolate. It was good..Nothing amazing, honestly. I really think Dunkin's is comparable. Had to do it to say I did it!
4	Tuna tartar tacos and abc burger are delicious.
4	Went here for restaurant week. It wasn't as bad as most these reviews make it out to be. The service is OK. The food is really good. The frozen hotcocolate is over rated, good, but not amazing. so overall as long as the service isn't terrible and my wait isn't too long l but the food is bombdigity, I'm ok witht that.
4	Saw Serendipity 3 as we were walking past Caesers Palace on my daughters 21st birthday 8/27/11.  We had always wanted to go to Serendipity in NY and thought we'd go in.  Daughter spoke with the hostess, we had a party of 5 and wanted to sit inside.  The hostess said about an hour wait, then asked if it was my daughters birthday (she was wearing a tiara), the hostess stepped inside for a minute and came back and said don't go far.  We were called for our table about 5 minutes later!  The place is cute inside!  The waitress asked my daughters name and they brought her frozen hot chocolate out first with toppings and a candle and the staff announced her birthday and sang to her.  We all wanted frozen hot chocolates or milk shakes so we only ordered appetizers.  The frozen hot chocolates are very big and could easily be shared (if we didn't want different flavors).  They were very good but around $11 so beware of that.  We had potato skins, sliders, onion rings and artichoke dip.  The food was all very good.   I'd go back for the frozen hot chocolate or the appetizers.... maybe both!
4	Heard really great things about this place, so decided to give it a try. The wait wasn't bad, but we sat outside in the covered patio.  It did take us about 10 minutes to be greeted, and finally the host that sat us came back to see if anyone had greeted us yet. We both had breakfast; my girlfriend said the Juevos were amazing and she nearly cleared her plate.  I had the Hangover Omelette and it was gigantic!  Definitely too much food for 1 person, maybe? Unless you're really hungry, I guess.  The food was good; our server was pretty nice but seemed a little overwhelmed.  But he was nice enough to bring us cheesecake pops since he made us wait when we originally sat down.  And if that wasn't enough, we had to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate...I guess I was expecting something more exciting?  But it was still good.
3	This is a serious case of I left my heart in NYC....  Went to the original Serendipity on a girl's trip after seeing the movie!!  Loved loved loved the frozen hot chocolate, and the ambience of the NYC Serendipity was cozy and charming.  Haven't been to NY in a while, so I was excited to see that they opened a Serendipity in Las Vegas!!   You know... it's just not the same. Everything is Vegas is BIG... every one does everything BIG... Serendipity 3 just felt like a big, regular restaurant on the strip.  Nothing charming... just a restaurant.  I can't complain about the food.  We went for lunch.  Two of us had an omelette, another the Nachos.  The food was good, the portions were nice (and FYI... their breakfast potatoes that come with the omelettes are AWESOME!!!!).   What I didn't like is the crazy wait.  We checked in at 12:30pm.  Yeah, sure, it's peak lunch time.  It took us about an hour and a half to be seated.  Not the most pleasant experience.  And it was a bit frustrating cause I could see them calling and taking people behind us on the list... not sure what type of system they use.  Our waitress though was fab!  Great service!  But if you're looking for that same NY experience, and wanting to re-live that Serendipity movie scene.... aside from the gigantic frozen hot chocolate... that's where the similarity ends.
3	the wait time to get a table is ridiculous. thank goodness they have a take-out window. yah... they're known for their frozen hot chocolate but to be honest, i wasn't too impressed. the first time i had it, i thought it was great. maybe because it was so hyped up. the second time... not so much. i mean, it's a perfect treat to cool you off in the hot vegas heat, however, i've had better at a local coffee spot near my house. mehh.. guess i'll have to try the serendipity in the big apple..
5	this place completely brought the sweet-tooth, hyper kid out of me as I was spooning the sundaes in my mouth as fast as I can while bouncing out of my chair because I was so excited and loving it a bit too too much. And of course...what did I get for over-indulging on so much icy sweets? Brain freeze and a tummy ache :(Their frozen hot chocolate did not let me down...indeed it was spectacular. The other sundaes were also good but beware...DO NOT attempt to try everything all at once. (see above)I saw many people ordered the chicken-n-waffle and it looked really yummy. Will definitely try it next time.
5	Love the traditional frozen hot chocolate, didn't love the other types like the one with oreo (couldn't taste it at all and just felt like sand grains in my frozen drink cause the oreo was pulverized to a powder.  Food good!  Love the sweet potato fries and got to have the steak sandwich - its huge with 3 eggs on top - so you might want to share!
2	This one is soooooooooooooo CRAPPY compared to the one in NYC.  First of all, their service sucks. We waited forever for our sucky waiter to take our order.  I was so excited to get their Frrrozen hot chocolate, but unfortunately it was crappy. I got the original and my boyfriend got the oreo.  Both were super sweet and heavy. They were just such a disappointment since they don't put the crushed ice in it like they do in NYC. Without the crushed ice, its not really frozen, so it definitely doesn't really quench your thirst. Their portions were also a bit smaller, not that I could have finished mine, it got too sweet towards the middle.  I came here for nostalgia and I'll never be coming back to this serendipity. They are just so crappy. I mean yea, the one in NYC kinda gives you an attitude, but at least the food is good.
3	it was 1/2 full when we came here, might be the economy or just being "optimistic."  Ordered the carrot cake sundae and the cold hot chocolate (yes, it's an oxymoron, not a typo!)  Carrot cake sundae was good, the infamous cold hot chocolate was "ok" for $10.  As you sip it, you ask yourself how you could make this at home.  A friend commented "Reminds me a Wendy's frostie."   Try it for yourself!  I like the ambiance, very whimsical, nice place to talk, relax and treat yourself to sweets!  they also have 'real' food there, but didn't have a chance to try it.
5	I have been trying to eat here since my first Vegas trip 2 years ago when I turned 21. I've heard nothing but good things. I was finally able to eat here. I came for breakfast at around 11:30 on a Thursday and there was no wait for outdoor seating. Perfect! I ordered the breakfast quesadilla which was wonderful. What I really came for was the world famous frozen hot chocolate. I'm not usually a fan of chocolate but I had to try this. Um, I died. It was delicious!!!! So worth the $10. The service was beyond. Our waiter was so nice and helpful. All in all, it was a great first experience. Definitely coming back on all my Vegas trips!
2	If you make a reservation they make sure you hold to it. Dont try cancelling or showing up late, they'll charge $100. Don't show up early either, they'll make you wait til your scheduled reservation time even if tables free up.Food was mediocre. I had the Salmon with wild rice salad. I've never asked how I'd like my salmon cooked and when I said medium, I got it more than well done.. what was the point of asking? The wild rice salad .. i should have guessed from the name that it was going to be weird. It was sweet with cranberries, but also mixed with curry? To say the least, I was disappointed with what I ordered .. but everyone else seemed to enjoy their food.. i definitely made a bad choice.Seems like a place that is good for dessert. They dont joke around with the size of their dessert portions.All in all, I guess I'd give it another shot to change my mind.
4	Came here for breakfast yesterday. There was a 45 minute wait for a table. Being that it's Las Vegas' Restaurant Week, I ordered the set meal. For the price of $20.11 for all three courses, it was a bargain (since a breakfast entree by itself averages $15+/plate).FIRST COURSEChocolaccino (Frothy Cappucino, Fresh Whipped Cream & Shaved French Chocolate):-For some reason I thought this was a cold drink, similar to that of a Starbucks' Frappucino. I was not expecting this to be a hot drink when the waitress brought it out. Luckily she was kind enough for me to switch it out for the Mixed Berry Smoothie. (Took a few sips of it before sending it back. It was nothing spectacular.)Mixed Berry Smoothie (Blackberry, Blueberry & Rasberry Blended with Yogurt):-Lots of seeds from the fruits! So if you dont mind getting a few stuck in between your teeth, then definitely get this. It's a richer version of Jamba Juice. SECOND COURSEBreakfast Quesadilla (Scrambled Eggs, Potatoes & Bacon Quesadilla served with Sour Cream, Guacamole & Pico de Gallo):-Extremely hearty! There are big wedges of potato in the quesadilla itself. Very tasty!THIRD COURSECheesecake Lollipop & Frrrozen Hot Chocolate Shot (Sample Shot of Serendipity's Trademark Frrrozen Hot Chocolate & Cheesecake Lollipop):-Dessert presentation, the desserts were decoratively served on a white plate with chocolate syrup and sprinkles. -The Cheesecake Lollipop, meh. I didnt think it was that great. It was soft cheesecake on the inside, with a coating of chocolate and crushed pistachios on the outside. This dessert actually tasty rather salty, when I was expecting it to be sweet.-The Frrrozen Hot Chocolate tastes exactly like the name. Imagine hot chocolate, except served cold.This place has both quality and quantity covered. Definitely consider sharing a meal so that you can have room for dessert!
3	Four fabulous girlfriends a la Sex in the City (I get to be Carrie Bradshaw lol!) having dinner at Serendipity on the patio along the Vegas strip...was Serendipity just as fab?The PlaceThe restaurant is super adorable on the outside, with Barbie-pink accents and Hello Kitty plush toys on display. But as soon as you walk inside, Serendipity was underwhelming, boxy, and nothing special!  So we were glad to sit outside on the patio, even though it was your typical 100 degree day in Vegas!The FoodThe menu options were plentiful - a little something for everyone.  We were all in a burger mood - Carrie (yours truly :P) ordered the veggie burger (I only ate half, that says it all!),  and Miranda had the crab cake burger (which she let me taste - now THAT was worth looking a little bulgy in your Vegas clubbing dress for!)  Charlotte and Samantha both ordered a traditional burger that they both inhaled (they were quiet for a good ten minutes lol!)  Not that I could blame them, we all didn't have a bite to eat since 5am that morning coming home from Surrender! ;)The Frozen Hot ChocolateSigh.  Serendipity's trademark drink was nothing but hot chocolate served cold with whipped cream, literally.  No "how did they do that?!?" reaction like when I ordered deep-fried ice cream for the first time.   I envisioned some kind of chocolate slushy!The Serendipitous MomentSo the four girlfriends sat around their table, chatting, laughing, and devising grandiose plans for the night ahead, while picking at their French fries.  The food might've been just OK (maybe we should've just done dessert here instead of dinner!)  but we all agreed it was great place to spend some quality time with each other (outside of all the drinking & dancing the last two nights away.)   That was a nice, accidental discovery....that was Serendipity :)
4	Went for breakfast during restaurant week 2011. Really enjoyed it & prices weren't as outrageous as a lot of other places on the Strip.
3	I'm kind of an idiot and went here for the dessert and then I didn't have any. Soooo yeah. We showed up to wait for a table (mind you there are about 45 tables open outside and we were okay with eating outside). The hostess said it would be a 15 minute wait anyway (why? I don't know). So we're sitting outside by the door and near a fan. We've been waiting for a while and I get up to go check to see if they called our name. Apparently the hostess did (inside? she knew we were outside) and since we weren't there crossed us off the list and moved us to the bottom. She was also very rude to us about it. Whatever, no big deal. I'll take your attitude, just seat me, I'm starving. Finally after waiting for a few minutes (this time I stood near their hostess station so they knew I was in existence) and my party was seated. Naturally it was uncomfortably hot but we were seated in probably the worst area. It was so hot, I was disgustingly (and embarrassingly) taking ice out of my drink and letting it melt on my legs. :hangs head in shame:Our waiter was very nice and made up for the hostess. I wanted lunch and asked for something "small." Apparently their tuna salad was the smallest salad but this thing was massive!!! It was very good, but I'm still cautious about getting fish in the middle of the desert. Anyway, no dessert. I think if I was back in Vegas and wasty face, I'd make a stop to try the dessert. Otherwise, I probably could get bitched at by a hostess at a snootier restaurant and feel less bad about it.
4	Frozen hot chocolate is what I've seen and heard about this place on the Travel channel or Food network :) had to go and try it!The cashiers were guys and I ALWAYS find it sweet when guys (cute ones usually) work at an ice cream/dessert shop. What a turn on lolMy order came out fast and I shared the frozen hot chocolate with a group of 5. We devoured that chilly and rich cocoa laced with I think was crack because it was SO GOOD :D I would recommend getting it if your at Caesar's Palace because it was refreshing for the dry throat and the humid weather :)
3	I don't remember their menu being so large compared to the one in New York. I think $10 for a small Frozen hot Chocolate is way overpriced. It was good but not worth it. The wait was too long, 30-45 minutes to eat an average style meal.
4	Came at a good time. In between lunch and dinner so we pretty much walked right in with no problems.My cousin was being generous and allowed me and my bf to order anything we desired. Good food (and big portions I must say), I knew my bf ordered a hamburger and enjoyed it because I didn't hear from him til after the burger was finished. My cousin and I split a Turkey Bacon Avocado sandwich on sourdough. Half that sandwich was enough along with the nachos we shared. Frozen hot chocolate in mint is to die for! If you like Baskin Robins Mint Chocolate chip ice cream, then you'll like this one. The 2 pieces of Andes mints on top of the whipped cream was a plus! I'm stopping here again for dessert when I come back in June :)
4	My wife and I had to go here and try the Frozen hot chocolate, little did we know that it would take us a month to try them all.  We had the ffresh fruit on top of the wonderful frozen chocolate and we enjoyed it as an appitizer, to heck with waiting for dessert because it was exactly what we wanted on a day in the mid 90's.  We will be suggesting it every chance we get, and cant wait for our next chance to enjoy it.
4	We came at a pretty good time. Waited for about 20mins for a seat outdoors since we San Franciscans never get to eat outdoors due to our bipolar weather. It was nice. I came here strictly for the frozen hot chocolate but thee bf was hungry so we ate lunch here too. Frozen white hot chocolate w/ sprinkles : the first few sips were awesome but as I kept sipping...it was wayy too sweet for me. BF likes white chocolate so thats why we ordered it. Foot Long Chili Cheese Dog : what a delight! it was so good and just enough for the both of us to share. it even had chucks of ...i think steak or beef in there.Buffalo Chicken Pizza : interesting twist ...instead of a marinara sauce, it was the buffalo sauce with chucks of chicken and bleu cheese. We weren't a fan of the bleu cheese...it was quite strong. Awesome lunch. We bought the can of frozen hot chocolate powder so we can make it at home because Serendipity just isn't everywhere.
4	Expensive, but almost worth it as the portions are large, food is tasty. About to dive into the frozen hot chocolate and hope that will tip the scales in favor of a full and hearty recommendation.
3	It  was my first time, so i oder Sundae with fried oreo, it was ok.  Frozen hot choclate is great.  Ok, there cake slices have huge portion so be careful when you  order it, my girlfriend oder the 7 layer cholcate cake boy it was huge and  she end up taking it back to the hotel and when i say huge its in a size of small 8' cake.  If you do want something spicy, please oder the chicken wings (hot spring wings) hummm perfect hit the spot. Service was fantastic.  Overall food is good but i won't call it out of this world except for the frozen hot cholcate.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.One of my favorite movies is called Serendipity and there is a scene where they go to Serendipity (but the one in New York), and I've always wanted to try their Frozen Hot Chocolate since then!I ordered the ABC Burger (Avocado Brie and Carmelized onions) which was super yummy!!  It came with a side of sweet potato fries which were cooked to the perfect texture to my liking.  Then my friends and I shared the Traditional Frozen Hot Chocolate.  Umm..it was slightly disappointing because it was more like a melting ice cream.  But at least I can say that I tried it.  The atmosphere of this place is super cute!  It's very pink!  They sell Serendipity t-shirts, chocolates, Hello Kitty items, and a bunch of other cute things.  Suggestion:  Call at least 2 hours in advance to make a reservation if you plan to eat there.  They have a nice patio overlooking the strip so if it's nice out, I suggest reserving a table to eat outside!
3	My girls and I really wanted to try this place, and we ordered 3 different frozen hot chocolates and a chocolate sundae. The frozen hot chocolates were good, but I guess my expectations were high. They didn't taste that amazing. The sundae was also incredibly sweet and we couldn't even finish it.Personally, this wasn't really my kind of dessert place, but I definitely think it's worth a try when you're in Vegas.
5	FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE?! Never heard of such a concoction! Is it any good?!? Why.. Yes. YES IT IS! IT'S FANTASTIC!!! IT'S A MUST-HAVE drink right outside of Caesars Palace that will surely chill you down on a hot day in Vegas. It's a nice little place with plenty of outdoor seating. There's an option of ordering outside or going inside to sit down and eat. My girlfriend and I ordered from the window and we just got the FHC. Haven't tried the food yet, but we've heard that the food isn't all that great. Having a HOT DAY? Go get a Frozen Hot Chocolate!! :)
5	I looovveeeeddd this place!!!! My boyfriend and I went here on a Sunday night, so we had no wait... Our waitress was really friendly and the service was fast. We ordered one mixed drink, artichokes for appetizers and I had the fettucini while my boyfriend had the crab sandwich. We were definitely happy with EVERYTHING! The drink was delicious, and all the food was wonderful... Oh, and we also had the famous frozen hot chocolate that did not disappoint! We are definitely going back here when we visit Vegas again!
2	Slow servers.Unpolished silverware.No refills.Food is mediocre except the crab dip.Frozen Hot Chocolate - worth taking the time to try but nothing to rave about.
2	I came here specifically for the frozen hot chocolate because I've heard so many great things about it. Personally, the drink did not excite my taste buds and I thought it was overrated. It wasn't bad, but there was too much hype so my expectations were high. Got two corn dogs for $7 and they were nothing special, but definitely overpriced. I feel like I need to give this place another chance, try more things on their menu, and sit down inside the restaurant to get the whole experience...
1	Frozen hot chocolate is really gross. It tastes like a chocolate milkshake except pure sugar plus more sugar on top. I ate the whipped cream on top to counter the sugar high from the drink.Oh, it also costs $11. And believe it or not, the Oreo Frozen Chocolate is sweeter than the regular Frozen Chocolate. Gross.
3	Just imagine a the taste of a hot chocolate drink but frozen..It's okay but not going to spend $11(or $15 large) for this drink. By the way, they have food, too.
2	Really over-rated. Don't get me wrong the food is decent, but the wait for it is ridiculous. That type of wait requires food that leaves an impression. I don't remember what I had anymore. What I do remember is the hour wait in 100 degree weather. Yikes!
3	The frozen hot chocolate is definitely well worth the long wait.  It is cold, just sweet enough, and the perfect drink on a hot day in Vegas.  This place also has the best mojito ever! I remembered having it the first time and it was good but wasn't sire if my memory was playing tricks on me.  I had it again, and yep, I was right - best mojito ever.  Someone in the group had it and said the same thing.  The food was pretty decent.  The steak sandwich is huge and probably meant for 2 people.  The casper pizza was light and flavorful.  It comes with no sauce but it was flavorful enough where you don't need it.  It's probably better to eat in the restaurant because the line for take out was so long and there is no ac.  Definitely a must have for Vegas!
5	First of all, the name of this place is SERENDIPITY 3. There are only 3 serendipity locations in the world..2 in NY and 1 in vegas so expect this place to be busy. Summer in vegas is super hot, the bf and I went here while waiting to meet up with our friends. They have plenty of tables inside and outside. If you don't want to wait for a table then do yourself a favor and sit at the bar. Since we were only there so I can try the frozen hot chocolate, we didn't mind sitting at the bar.  I ordered the classic frozen hot chocolate and the bf had the oreo frozen hot chocolate. All I can say was mine was better!... Soo yummy! it's like having an icy milkshake and u can kinda chew chocolate sugar crystals ( thats the best i can describe it). I WANNA GO BACK TO VEGAS TO HAVE THIS AGAIN! LOL.They also have a to go window outside.TRY THIS PLACE AND U WON'T REGRET IT. if  you're going to order a regular size of the frozen hot chocolate, get one for u and u only..cuz trust me...U WILL FINISH IT AND WOULDN'T WANT TO SHARE IT. They also have a big food menu and other desserts.
3	Frozen hot chocolate and summer in Vegas? Now is that a good combo or what? We sat at the bar and were served straight away. The drinks are big enough to share and even though we came in right at closing time we weren't turned away. It's not NYC...but when I'm in Vegas I'm stopping here.
2	Alrighty, I heard about the hype and despite the 3 star warning of Yelp, I decided to give it a try.As a result, I decided 3 star is over rated.  I think 2 stars is about right here is why:Average dish is around $11-$15.  What i ordered is theEast SIde Omelette- The eggs were too dry and hard.  Steak Sandwich- Steak meat is hard............ and it came with cheese and egg.  It felt like a case of bad heart burn as I tried to swallow it.Frozen Chocolate- Taste like you add nestle coco powder with ice and whip cream.  Not good.Ice cream sundae- I forgot which one I ordered, its the famous one.  Its a HERSHEY syrup madness with SUPER sugar brownie, with tons of whip cream plus ice cream.  If you need a sugar rush, eat it, or else, its nothing special.Vegetable Quiche- IT was ok.  I had better.Given the price, and the average 30 minutes of wait just for food to arrive, I would NOT recommend this place.  OVER RATED and over hyped.
5	It may be a little bit of a wait but the Frozen Hot Chocolate is worth it. I also saw a huge hot dog almost the size of the table that looked interesting. A must see when you visit Vegas. The decor alone is charming and whimsical.
3	It's fun, good, and BIG... so bring your appetite.Serendipity is perfect for sharing and has a very fun dining environment.  Seriously, from the decor, to the menu, to the food... everything is just completely oversized.  It's pink, white, and extremely playful so it's definitely worth visiting for those who have children, especially little girls; my daughter loves this place;)  The prices are a reflection of the portions you get, so you don't feel ripped off.  I would highly recommend coming with a large group so that you can all share and get a nice selection.  Majority of the food are all American trademarks- hotdogs, hamburgers, sandwiches, nachos, but with a serendipity twist.  Don't forget the frozen hot chocolate!  Its exactly as it sounds.  A "frozen" (extra cold) hot chocolate topped with whip cream!  Like the other dishes its also oversized and a tad bit too sweet for my buds.  I shared it with three other adults and still had some left over, but my 7 y/o didn't have much trouble having one to herself! :) This place gets pretty packed cause a lot of tourists make it a point to stop by.  Night or day, every time I went I always had to wait a little.  They have a to-go area so that's nice if you just want to satisfy your sweet tooth real quick.  There's plenty of seating outside so those who order from the little window are not without somewhere to sit.=].
4	Definitely one of my Las Vegas destinations, but also a legitimate tourist trap. Sitting right along the strip, belonging to Caesar's Palace, this place booms. You can use your Caesar's rewards cards here. But it's also one of Serendipity's four locations nationwide, so might as well check it out. There's plenty of outdoor seating if you're taking to go, courtesy of Caesar's.I've dined in probably twice and had some sort of spaghetti, which came in larrrrgeeee serving size, complete with three meatballs. They have a bar inside, also, so complimented it with a drink. Everyone raves about their frozen hot chocolate, which is pretty bomb, and I don't even like chocolate. It gets a little too sweet if you have it around for too long, though. These drinks can be costly, but you're in Vegas to splurge, so might as well!Now usually I only stop by for the street part of it, so I'm not necessarily dining in, and just get one of their to-go items in the back of the restaurant. I go for the Las Vegas style hot-dog, which is literally the length of my forearm, topped with cheese and jalapenos. HUUUUGE. Trust, it's $9, the same price as the sliders, but the sliders are MINI. They're not worth it, so go for the hot dog.And water cost extra. Lol.
2	Ahh...i love how i'm a sucker for all things hyped up.So I finally get a chance to come to serendipity3. Had dinner on a Saturday night around 7:30pm but had a 30min wait so we didn't get seated till about 8:05pm.We ordered an appetizer of potato skins (there was 8 per order). The presentation was cute. It had 3 tiers. 1st tier was the dipping sauce plus sour cream, chives, etc. 2nd and 3rd tier were a plate of potato skins. That cost $11We shared the meatball and mozerella pizza. The portion was good enough to share...and since we had an appetizer beforehand, we were half full. That cost $15.Overall, the food was just whatevers. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious...but for that amount of money...WASN'T WORTH IT. Its hard to mess up on potato skins and the pizza, eh...it was good.We can't come here without trying to frrrozen hot chocolate. We ordered a mint frrrozen hot chocolate and a peanut butter cup milkshake $10 and $11 respectively. In MY opinion, it was nothing special. It SOUNDS neat but really, my mint frrrozen hot chocolate tasted like a mint milkshake. If you put a serendipity3 frozen hot chocolate and a jack in the box milkshake next to me, blindfold my eyes and ask me which is which, i wouldn't be able to tell. What's even more disappointing is THE PRICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! $10 FOR AN EFFIN MILKSHAKE is just not worth it. You're better off buying a delicious concoction at Fat Tuesday instead.Overall, the food is NOT WORTH the price. Same goes with their famous frozen hot chocolate. Come here if you have some extra money to spend. This place is not for budget friendly folks.Would I come back to eat or drink? Hells to the no. Once is enough. Just to say "I've been there."
4	Drove by during the night and the place was packed!! Decided to come during the day time to beat the rush and sure enough we did. Went with a group of 7 people and the wait was anything, but that. They have fast and friendly service.The menu itself is basic. The prices seemed a tad bit high for their food on the menu. All of us ordered the Original Frozen Hot chocolate drink and it was amazing! Definitely worth the wait. I did not order any food, but my friends did and it smelled and looked great! I would have tasted their food, but we had been eating all day, so I passed. The interior of the restaurant is vibrant and modern. However, they seemed to have a weird fascination with Hello Kitty, not quite sure what that is about :)If you're in Vegas, this is one place you have to stop by and try!
4	Wow, Yelpers are a little harsh to my beloved Serendipity 3! I love this place. Yes, it's on the strip. Yes, it's a little bit pricey... but it is everything a Yelper would love! It's a COOL spot and it is FUN!Serendipity 3 is strip side with a large outdoor patio (stripside), a small interior dining room, and little walk-up window for to-go orders. The place is spacious and clean. The portion sizes are large and good for sharing (which I recommend).Now, let's get down to business... And by business I mean FROZZZEN HOT CHOCOLATE. Yum! My favorite is the Peanutbutter Frozzzen Hot Chocolate and it's garnished with mini Reeses! My favorite burger is the ABC Burger (Avacado, Brie, and Caramalized onions). It's such a tasty burger topping trio (say that 3 times fast). My sister is a fan of their Ruben, even declaring that it has some of the best corned beef, ever, on it. Sandwiches and burgers are accompined by choice of traditional or sweet potato fries.There are some pretty stellar desserts. Sundaes, cakes, and shakes! I have always been too full to try some. I may just have to plan a dessert trip before my next outing to Caesars.Serendipity 3 is like a really nice McDonald's. It's hip, it's fun, and it's tasty. Great for a quick bite or a refuel while galavanting around The Strip.To be noted: The walkup window serves all varities of the tasty FROZZZEN HOT CHOCOLATE, sandwichs, hot dogs, salads, and a few other items.So in case you don't have time to dine in you can pick up some Serendipity 3 while you're on the move.On hot Vegas days and nights, FROZZZEN HOT CHOCOLATE is a delectable way to cool down.
5	I recommend the Ahi tuna salad!!!! everything about it is outstanding!seared perfectly, and the greens are fresh! the dressing is absolutely incredibly fabulously flavorful!I also had the berry mojito (im not sure what the real name is) and had a mimosa both very tasty.the best thing was of course the dessert! THE FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE is like a celestial beam of light. I'd recommend the origional but im sure they are al fab.
3	Serendipity is one of those "must try" places. With all the hype, I was hoping to be absolutely in love with the Frozen Hot Chocolate but it was JUST OKAY. I mean, yeah it was yummy but nothing over-the-top-spectacular. It's basically a glorified chocolate milk shake, a third of which is whipped cream. It runs for about $10 which is a bit pricey but it's worth trying once. The only thing that really stood out for me was that it wasn't overly sweet which was nice. I could actually sip and enjoy it without having to gulp down a glass of water.Although, Serendipity is well-known for their desserts, they also have an extensive menu of appetizers and entrees. The food actually looks really delicious! I really want to come back and try the food next time.
3	O V E R R A T E D but amazing delicious.If you must eat here, TAKE IT TO-GO! You'll save so much time plus the outdoor seating if much better.
2	We ordered food at 12:15pm. It's 12:50 pm and still no sight of our omelet and quiche. What gives????????????
4	So for years, I've seen this sandwich with bacon, eggs, and steak all over facebook and I finally got my chance at it a couple weeks ago.  It was gigantic and tasted pretty good.  It came with sweet potato fries and those were pretty good too.  I know it probably isn't the best place to eat in vegas with all the buffets but it does the trick.  It isn't too expensive and the restaurant itself reminds me of a restaurant you would find at disneyland by the way it was decorated haha.  Also the frozen hot chocolate is exactly how it sounds.  It is hot chocolate that is cold with whipped cream on top...so good!  I could go for some right now...too bad I'm nowhere near vegas.  Anyways, I highly recommend this place and you should try it at least once!
3	I stopped by specifically for the Frozen Hot Chocolate. It was ok, but not knock-your-socks-off good. It wasn't as sweet as it looks and had decent chocolate flavor, but that's about it. It tasted like a blended hot cholocate/cholocate milk covering in whipped cream. Overall, it's not worth the price. This sucker is expensive, even for Vegas. I don't need to get it again.
2	Always wanted to try Serendipity in NY, but the wait was always awful so I was really excited to try it in Las Vegas. I was quite disappointed. I wasn't expecting stellar service, but some service would have been nice. We were seated and apparently there aren't sections bc we had a few servers come to our table attempting to take our order. Our food came out 30 min later - we ordered hot wings and 2 frozen hot chocolates. The wings were standard. The frozen hot chocolate came out a nasty soupy mess. It is essentially an overpriced iced down chocolate milk shake w gobs of whipped cream. I really wanted to like it here, but they failed. 2 stars because the actual restaurant is really cute.
3	Good frozen hot chocolate. :o)
3	Quickly: Frozen hot chocolate is a win. At 10-14 dollars it's steep but worth an occasional splurge.More:  We stopped here to cap off our meal at Spago http://www.yelp.com/biz/spago-las-vegas-2#hrid:fnMeCX9y6jfJLnBBHGt6Gg.  Heard about Frozen hot chocolate and shared a large $14 between the 4 of us.  My three girlfriends enjoyed it as did I.  I don't usually like sweets but this one makes that hot chocolate flavor in a cool refreshing style that really worked on me.We studied the whole menu, trying to decide to have lunch here or not and honestly, nothing appeared to draw us in for value.  Crab Cake Eggs Benedict for $26?  Could get a buffet for about $30 or even a reasonable priced steak.  Most of the food was hot dogs, donuts and the like for brunch.  A place to eat for fun, burn off some cash and just enjoy the hype.
3	Likes: chicken nachos and salsa and guacDislikes: the food was good but I think it's kind of overrated.  maybe I didn't order the right thing?Also, THE WAIT.  the first time we were probably sitting too far away to hear them call our name, so they gave our table away to another group and we had to wait another 45 minutes. but after that another hour no one called us so we went to check and turns out they forgot to put us back on the list.  needless to say, we were seated outside and saw lots of free tables so why the long wait?
3	Everything about this place is mediocre.  The service was just OK, the food was just OK, the setting was a little on the whimsical side...so just OK.  I did like the patio - people watching on Las Vegas Boulevard is always a trip - and I hear the desserts are awesome, but I was too full to try them.  To be honest, I've always wanted to hit the one in NYC up but haven't had a chance; I'm not sure this second location has the same charm as the original, but maybe someday I will find out.
1	This review is for my visit in Aug 2011. If the service is bad then thats it for me. Everyone here hates their job and you can feel it when your there and taste it in their food. Honestly its not that great. I think its in the same food level as your local apple bees and chili's.
4	If nothing else, you must stop by to try the frozen hot chocolate.  It's often a busy place, so the walk-up window is handy.  I've had two meals here and tasted others.  I must say that I nearly died and went to heaven when I tried their mac and cheese.  I could have drank the leftover cheesy goodness from the bottom of the bowl.  The cheese omelet I ate on my first visit was massive and hit the spot, although it was a tad salty.  The yam fries were good.  I enjoy their food presentations and the decor stirs up an Alice In Wonderland feel for me.  I just think it's a novel place to eat and is a nice change from the lounges, pubs and buzz of the strip.
3	I visited Serendipity 3 for dinner and because people raved about their infamous frozen hot chocolate. I'll start with the positives. The service was the best we've ever had! Our server, Jason was amazing and so attentive. I also loved the atmosphere with its chic decor and great music. However, other than the delicious frozen hot chocolate, the food was mediocre at best. In fact, the soup was pretty bad and I do not recommend getting the omelet or the sweet potato fries. If you're just looking for a good dessert it's a great place to go, but I'd recommend trying another spot for an actual meal.
3	Mediocre. Food is ok, but hit or miss. Seasonings are either very sweet, salty, or spicy, but not much other flavor. Desserts are really sweet. Service is inattentive.  Be aware, they serve a brunch menu until 2pm. Lunch menu after that.
3	Hm. Yeah. No. I dreamed about having frozen hot chocolate since I learned about the original Serendipity in NYC from I think a Babysitters Club Book back in the day. The $1k gold sundae is on every desserts show on those food channels. But alas, I agree with fellow Yelpers. Overrated. Went with husband for late night eats and sweets. He got spaghetti and meatballs, I got a tomato salad. (Strange sounding to eat late night but the craving hit and we were going to meet up with people nearby later so it was convenient.)The spaghetti, al dente yes but the sauce not flavorful. Needed more. The meatballs were tender. The tomato salad....heirloom tomatoes or not, looked like 5 enormous chopped up tomatoes, blobbed with wet, sloppy buratta. (Well the menu DID warn me it was "wet burrata". Sea salt sprinkled on some pieces...others featured brown, shriveled basil strips. Dressing was nice. The first three bites was good...but the gloppy mess made me I'll just looking at it. The somewhat indifferent server  came to pick up our plates and even cried out "what happened??" pointing to our still 75% not eaten dishes. The frozen hot chocolate is such a gimmicky joke. Overly sweet, ice chunks, too much whipped cream mess. $10 could be spent on better desserts. Bottom Line: Disappointing, but the stars go to the experience of finally going after all these years.
3	Tried the frozen hot chocolate because people said its good and must try.  Tasted like a very rich chocolate shake.  Not worth spending 10 dollars for it but thats me.  Guess you need to try it for yourself and see.
5	I enjoyed the strawberry frozen hot chocolate..and the espresso has a nice amount of espresso beans!!!'
3	The original one is still better! Their hot frrrozen chocolate is smaller than the one in NYC. Food was expensive and it was only okay. Hard to get a table even if there's are tons available. Weird right? It sucks to wait, especially in the Vegas hotness.I wouldn't go back but I have a coupon, free hot frrozen chocolate with an entree order. I'll go the next time I'm in Vegas (next 2 weekends!) lol.
2	Overrated. Even 3 stars makes me think so.FroHo. no thank YO!Get a chocolate shake from In-N-Out instead! haha. sorry.
4	Unfortunately, this time around we weren't able to get a table due to the longggggggggggggg wait, but the "to-go" food order area was just fine.(i dunno wtf to call it lol)You can not go wrong with the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!  The hype is all true and it's definitely worth it!  Don't listen to negative reviews about it until you try it... for real...Their regular fries there are hella bomb too!!The only reason I give this place a 4 is because of the expensive prices & long wait :(
2	Tried the frozen hot chocolate because people said its good and must try.  Tasted like a very rich chocolate shake.  Not worth spending 10 dollars for it but thats me.  Guess you need to try it for yourself and see.
1	OK --so you go to this place BECAUSE it is what it is! you know? you see it and it's cute! and you wanna try it because it's sooo popular! And then you go, and you're disappointed. LOL.Well, first of all...I made reservations. When I go there, the hostess was like dumbfounded, as if she's never seen someone make a reservation before.  Whatever-- we were seated. When we ordered, it was like a 50 minute wait for our food to ACTUALLY come. When it did, my breakfast potatoes were freakin' crispy! and it was somewhat cold. It was hard enough that I had to get breakfast at almost 2 in the afternoon..haha. Our service was horrible too...she barely came around so we couldn't even ask where the hell our food was.At the end...we ordered the frozen hot chocolate because that is what they're known for.. We got it as a complimentary dessert because the waitress knew our food took forever! And when we drank it...we were like, this is a milkshake.. hahaha.So please get it together Serendipity! You are  so lucky it's so damn cute in there! I mean look at the damn plates...they're adorable!!!!
4	i always make it a point to come here with either my friends or a gf.it is a little pricey for its type of restaurant, but well worth it. a their onion rings are superb!!!! yummytheir burgers and pizza are also good, though i wouldn't go there just for pizza.there is always a 15-30 minute wait, but you can always go hang out @ Caesars palace right next door
2	So my friend and I checked this place out from here great reviews from friends and family as they said the deserts were good.  But after reading other comments on Yelp, I was pretty skeptic (like all other reviews) because it's all relevant as what's good for you or not as everyone has different taste.  But when the hostess and server doesn't really seem like they have any interest in serving you in anyway, I just want to get out ASAP.  I understand with a huge line that they must be tired or cranky as the line didn't seem to die down a bit but boy the look and the tone of voice they use were not friendly at all.  So going back to the food, my friend and I ordered one sundae as I was told they were big, and it was pretty good as well as I love sweets.  But the deserts weren't anything mouth watering as it tasted similar to any sundaes I had.  For $15 bucks, I can't really say it was worth it.  Now, going back to the waiter who served me, at first he seemed super nice as when I asked about what he recommanded, he seemed very determined to help me.  It was when I was paying, he took my check and cash but when he gave it to me, just threw the check holder right front of my face...my friend looking all shocked.  So I took the change and since my seat was right next to the computer where he was working at, he just looked away doing something...no "Have a great day,"  or "thanks, hope to see you soon.." Nothing.  I get better service at any local teriyaki stores that has one server that does everything.  =P
5	Been here four times, no problems @ each visit. Service was decent and food was great! Frozen hot chocolate was no doubt awesome, even the sweet potato fries!
4	Frozen Hot Chocolate...If this review was based solely off Serendipity's FHC, they would be getting 5 stars from me, BUT, I tried their food...Serendipity is a-typical of a restaurant in Vegas. Lots of flash, not much in delivery. The food, typical American-style sandwiches and the like, are o-k-a-y. Nothing to write home about, but good enough to satisfy your hunger. The prices are a little bit on the steep side ($15/burger + fries).If you're gonna come here, I would advise to find another place to eat first, AND THEN come just for the frozen hot chocolate. Yes, it's that good... I know a lot of people sit and wonder how hot chocolate can be put into a slushy, frozen form... Well, it can, and Serendipity has done it. It's like a packet of Swiss Miss blended into a perfect slushy state, with tons of whip cream and chocolate shavings. My friends & I ordered it, and as soon as it hit the table, we were quiet for a good five minutes as we all just sipped and sipped, until it was all gone.So, so good, and definitely a must for any Vegas trip.JUST DO IT. :)
4	Frozen hot chocolate. Too good to be true. I wish I hadn't shared it with three friends!I didn't eat here, so I have no rating for the food. I didn't enjoy having to wait 2 hours only to find tons of open tables when we went in (indicative of understaffing perhaps).
3	Kind of disappointing, considering the original in NYC gives more for the same price. The frozen hot chocolate which is what they are known for is about half the size of what they give you in NY.  The quality of food is decent but not comparable to the NYC counterpart.   The ambience is also very different than the quaint charming NYC Serendipity.
3	Meh.The +'s:+ Great outdoor sidewalk cafe with plenty of shade to kill that relentless heat+ Great people watching for those crossing Caesar's Palace+ Great for large groups but place can get crowded at peak times. Consider reservations.+ Plenty of brunch choices which is meal I sat for: chicken and waffles, steak strip sandwich, omelettes, french toast, pancakes bigger than your head and etc.+ French toast decent. Decadent and huge portions. + Portions are great to be shared. Think massive caloric portions like Cheesecake Factory. Gross! Best to be shared than downed alone.+ Great home fries.The -'s:- Portions are gargantuan! Hello server who served 12 girls. Did you not see we were all petite?? It would have been a better tip for you if you had just suggested that the portions were huge. None of us finished our meals and we can all eat but come on! The food portions were ridiculous and we could have shared. And no we did not know the portions were huge because more none of the patrons are from Vegas!!!!- We were asked to wait nearly 45 minutes until another server could arrive because our party was too large to serve! And this was after we had called for reservations in advance and were told that we would have no problem being seated at 10am. Get your story straight.- 10 oz. sirloin steak sandwich for $20. I saw mostly French baguette rather than steak. - Frozen hot chocolate. It's just hot chocolate that has sat in the freezer. Or hot chocolate over ice. Not memorable. Pass.
5	I was there for my birthday and Leo(our waiter) was awesome. He's funny and he take good care of us. The food was great. The dessert was mouthwatering... you definetly need to eat there..
4	Went to Serendipity 3 for the first time and I can honestly say I was not disappointed. As a serendipity virgin, the server recommended to have a bite of  the CRAB CAKE salad. It was absolutely amazing. The sauce was delicious and the crab cake was extremely "fresh" tasting. I also had the frozen hot  chocolate and loved it! My girlfriend however had the eggs benedict and the hollandaise sause had an interesting taste (would not recommend that dish)!
4	They have great service, which is worth 4 stars, other than that the food is Denny's quality at best.  Sure their frozen hot chocolate is legendary but really you can get a milk shake at Denny's for the same quality but 90% cheaper!!!!  Skip it!
3	We split a regular frozen hot chocolate and a strawberry supreme (I found it almost a little too sweet.)Maybe it was my sky high expectations of the place having always wanted to try Serendipity but it was just okay. Good but okay. Over-priced but good.Long wait but hey, it's in that kind of location.They did however take forever to make the strawberry supreme making drinks for several people who had ordered after me while mine sat in the blender.That was a little annoying but honestly it won't stop me from going back and trying the restaurant in the future.
4	If you want a heart attack, order the steak sandwich.  It's huge and with 3 rare eggs on top, you can only hope that your daily exercise helps keeping you standing after meal!
2	This was my third time eating at a Serendipity, my second time at the Serendipity 3. Last time my boyfriend and I ate there I remember it being kind of fun and cute. This time I returned with my mother, and the experience was so poor that I can't believe it's the same place. The first thing I attempted to do was use the $4 drink offer from Foursquare. It said it was for "a specialty drink or draft beer." My waiter told me I could only choose a rum and coke or a Miller Lite. Umm, no thanks. Take that offer down if you don't want to fulfill it. We ordered chicken nachos and macaroni and cheese. We also had a coupon from our hotel (Paris) for a free Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. Frozen hot chocolate came, and it was alright. Not as good as I remember. Nachos were good, and the portion was huge. Thanks for that, since my Mac & Cheese was so salty I had to send it back. Not before being chastised by the waiter complaining about it. This place could be so good with some decent servers and a little updating. The people watching is great, and the location is great, but the experience was terrible.
3	We got the frozen hot chocolate, single size and shared it. It was enough for both of us! We didn't sit inside, we opted for the quick-order window. Line was a little long, and it took a bit longer than I thought to get our frozen hot chocolate. Anyhow, Serendipity is one of those places that you just have to go to and try. There's a big buzz behind the frozen hot chocolate, but honestly it's not all that great. To me, it reminds me of those chocolate blast drinks from baskins robbins. That why I would say share one with your friends. Don't want you to get your hopes us. It's just chocolate mixed with ice and a little milk.
5	Walked in...Ordered a deep fried oreo...Ate it...BOOM!!!
1	This review is not about the food. We didn't get to eat any of it. It's about the service, or lack thereof. When we walked in they said "It's a 20 minute wait, but you can have a drink and sit outside. We'll call out your name." A while later they claimed they had called our names even though we were practically right next to the host stand. When my friend complained about that the hostess basically shushed her. Then we were completely ignored by the wait staff when we finally were sat down. No one stopped by to even say "I'll be with you in a moment."  We finally said "Forget it" and took our business elsewhere.
4	Will be back again and again. I agree with the general attitude by some of the servers. It's just weird but fairly typical of Vegas. It's a little more Cali. More laid back towards everything...I've had great experiences with the service and strange experiences, so its def hit or miss.The food however, cannot be beat. AND YES THE SIZES ARE LARGE.No matter how "normal" they say the size is, chances are its gonna easily serve two. You must check it out!
5	There Mojito drinks are amazing! For food, I had there Foot Long Hot Dog, YUMMMMM!
3	Like everyone else says, Frozen Hot Chocolate is the way to go. The food itself is decent, big portions too. But man, that frozen hot chocolate carried this place by far
2	VERY underwhelming. Had a VERY dry and unappealing blue cheese burger for lunch. Fries were good though. Frozen hot chocolate was GREAT.
3	We all went for breakfast on Friday morning... arrived at 8:30AM. We were seated right away. Since I stayed at the Paris for a couple nights (and Caesars is in the same family)... I had a coupon for a free frozen hot chocolate.Our waitress was okay. We also had a male server who took our actual food order. I had the french toast log. A HUGE piece of french toast (log shape lol)... two eggs over medium, too many strips of bacon lol, fresh fruit with whipped cream (raspberries, blackberries, and blueberries), and potatoes. It was HUGE. Who eats that much?!?!?!! I ate a couple bites of everything and it was okay, nothing special... but the potatoes I really liked. It had a little kick to it, as if it was tossed in pepper or something?? I dunno it was good. Everything else was regular breakfast food. $18 for that plate! The frozen hot chocolate was YUMMY!!! Kinda reminded me of a blended milkshake with ice. Good though. Service was super slow and it wasn't even that busy. It started to pick up after we arrived. The restaurant is small and cute. Not bad... not that great tho....
4	We had dessert here on our recent trip to Vegas.  My husband and I split the Fried Oreos and Cream sundae.  It was quite tasty and I feel guilty admitting it, but the marshmallow was my favorite part of the whole thing.  I'm certainly glad that we split it because it was HUGE (no complaints here!).This location is not nearly as charming as the location in NYC, but we did not have high expectations of that since this is a second location, aimed at tourists on the stip.  We showed up around 4 pm on Saturday, thinking we would be seated quickly since it wasn't a prime dining hour.  We had to wait about 20 minutes for a table.  Not bad, but there were plenty of empty tables around.  Perhaps they were short staffed.  We did find it strange that the hostess did not give us the option to sit inside or outside.  They just give you  the first table that is ready.  We would have waited longer if we ould have been on the patio.  Oh well!
4	It was quite a hype for everyone so we had to try it out.Place is located in front of Ceasar's and they have a great outdoor seatings covered with a tent, so that's a plus. We got in line and it was quite long line since there is only one cashier taking orders. Everyone seems to order the frozen hot chocolate but had decided to try out their Frozen Oreo. Though it is quite expensive, $12 for a large order, friends and I just shared an order. Surprisingly, the frozen oreo was pretty good.
3	I really don't get all the fuss about the frozen hot chocolate here. It is very mediocre IMO. However, the food I got here was great. Went with a friend and we split the heirloom tomato salad with burrata and some sweet potato fries. They were both very good. In fact, that tomato salad is something I will be craving from now on. I wanted to go back and have it again, but didn't have time on this trip. The frozen hot chocolate may as well have been a Bob's Big Boy Chocolate shake, it tasted about the same.
1	OVERHYPED. DISAPPOINTING. NO FISH TANK. Very disappointed in my experience here... Staff was friendly, which would've been the only thing saving it from a 1 star.  From the outside it looks very pink..girly..NICE.  The actual inside is retro, the table "lamps" were tacky as hell. Fast forward to the food (20 minutes later)KOBE SLIDERS-- $12 for about.. (make a C with your fingers) that big, which were DRY.  Very overpriced for crap quality.  Bacon Aioli was good but that was it.SWEET POTATO FRIES-- $4 Why did people hype this up so hard? They're not crispy, the quantity is that of a kid's meal fries.  These were so whateverCRAB ARTICHOKE DIP $13-- This was ok.. has big chunks of crab swimming in a sea of CREAM.  Should have just called it, "Cream of Crab".  I'm not super lactose but this stuff made my stomach ache! It's a little plain in taste and I was def missing that "OOMPH". It never camePEANUT BUTTER FRRROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE $12-- The grand finale, the reason I came... BIG FAT DISAPPOINTMENT.  I mean I'll admit it's interesting I suppose but all you need to do really is make hot chocolate and blend in it with some ice & there u have it. Also, load up on the whipped cream.  All in all, I wish I took the advice of fellow Yelpers who rated this place 1 or 2.  It's VERY overpriced, very disappointing & the food SUCKED.  Service was good and that was about it. Also, they got rid of the fish tank that was seen on that aquarium show.  Another fat disappointment.
2	Spending a weekend in vegas with my friends and I had one goal -- check off as many places off my eat-list. Serendipity has been on that list for quite some time, and dammit I was going to make sure I got it this time. Walked over the ceasar's and luckily the serendipity window's line wasn't too long yet. I focused primarily on the frozen hot chocolate (etc) menu and was quite taken aback by how pricey the menu was. The menu was comprised of standard american fare with a hefty dessert list, but I was only interested in one thing. Frozen hot chocolate.I reluctantly ordered my $14 , yes $14 dollar double size original frozen hot chocolate which I had intended to share with my friend anyway. Wait time wasn't bad at all. After all, how long could it take to whip up a drink behind the express window. My order came out, and I hand to two-hand it over to our table. The mofo was HUGE. I took a side by side comparison of the one person vs. the two person size.  In all honesty, the larger size could have been filling for more than two people.I excitedly that first sip, and thought to myself, yeah, this is petty good, but damn $14. That could've been several steak and eggs plates. Sigh. It was a novel idea --frozen hot chocolate, but sadly it didn't quite live up to all the hype.  It wasn't quite frozen, and I was expecting a different, more unique texture. Ah well. Doubt I'll be coming back here, at least not for their flagship menu item.
2	The Serendipity 3 at Caesars is a decent enough place serving mostly diner food dressed up with clever names.  It's a place people visit for the novelty, so expect it to be crowded and busy during meal times and weekends.  A more efficient and professional wait staff would make the experience more pleasurable, but with a line of people waiting to get in, the servers don't seem to feel the need to impress anyone.  It's an "alright" spot to hang out, grab some food, and people watch - if you're not in a hurry to get anywhere.Pros:Average foodPeople watchingStrip locationCons:ServiceFood QualityOver the past few years, I have been to the Serendipity a handful of times, most recently in late August of 2011.  My wife has this "thing" about visiting this place, but she's assured me that she's completely over the novelty/fascination.  One look around and you'll know that everyone is here for the same reason - it's kind of funny/cute...hey, it's Vegas.  Make sure you walk around and take in some of the sites and eclectic surroundings.  You can always get your food to go and eat outside, although it does get pretty hot during the daytime.The food is average: stay with the sandwiches and burgers - you can't go wrong, the other items are hit and miss, for example, the crab cakes were fishy and gross.  Everyone gets the frozen hot chocolate or some other dessert - nothing special and not much different from what you'd get at your local ice cream parlor.  YMMV depending on your expectations, taste in food, and luck: although I've always had poor service, if you are a group of very cute girls and you get a male server, you will get good service...know what I mean?  Unfortunately, it's "that kind of place" where the servers aren't professional and are easily distracted from their duties.  If they screw up your order, I suggest that you make the best of the situation and eat it because it will take an hour or two for the replacement dish to come out.In my opinion, the Serendipity 3 in Vegas relies on the draw of their name and offers little more than an average dining experience on the Strip.  A few minor tweaks to the service and quality control of the food, and this place would actually be ok.  Keep in mind that there are places with worse food and poorer service, so don't be afraid to give it a shot if it's on your "Vegas Do List."
3	All glamour and hype. Once you take a step back and look at what this place is, you'll see that it's nothing more than a spiffed up diner. The food and service aren't that great and while the frozen hot chocolate is a fun and interesting drink, it isn't enough to make me want to go back.Overall, it's worth a try if you've never been but if you can't stand the gimmicky, flashy, fake socialite scene, then I would advise you to stay away.Recommendation: Share the frozen hot chocolate
4	I went here with a friend because of the hype and enjoyed the experience.The server was very good, and pretty easy on the eyes too - bonus :p.As for the food, I ordered a side salad and the Kobe beef sliders as a meal.  The side salad was very nice with a bunch of different vegetables, and it was very large, but unfortunately overdressed - which was too bad because it was otherwise pretty tasty.  I should've asked for dressing on the side.I really enjoyed the sliders - there were 4 of them, and I only ate two since I was saving room for dessert.  I think for the average person, this is an adequate sized meal.  The burgers were cooked more on the medium rare side, which is what I like.  They were juicy and tasty.  The bacon and the aioli were great.Of course, I had to try the frozen hot chocolate for dessert.  It is way too huge for one person, but I managed to finish about 3/4 of it.  I'm not sure I'd rush back to order it, but I'm glad I at least tried it once, and it was good.  Too bad it melts so fast though.  I ordered the original, but if I go back again, I think I'd try another one (sounds like the Frozen Oreo is popular).
5	so it's ridiculously famous and trendy and "cool" and hip. but again, aren't we in vegas?we had to try the signature milkshake and it did not disappoint. it was so rich and creamy. i thought i was the only one who could make my wife tremble, but this shake almost replaced me. instead of taking table service, we just went to the "to-go" window and there was hardly a wait. the previous day, the line seemed a mile long at the window. it was pricey....something like 10 bucks, but it lived up to the reputation.
4	The frozen hot chocolate was not worth the $10 price tag. BUT the waitress was very courteous and helpful with the menu. We ordered the BANANA WAFFLE and the corned beef. The banana waffle was AMAZING! The best waffle I've ever had. The corned beef was of good quality meat and potatoes that came with it was excellent.  The price tag was not cheap. But I would definitely come back for the food,  NOT the frozen hot chocolate.  I could probably make a plain hot chocolate,  put it in the refrigerator and it would be just as good.
3	Came here to try the frozen hot chocolate..... that's all I wanted to try so I didn't want to get a seat inside.  Instead, we opted to just go to the window thinking it would be quicker than to wait for a table, but I was wrong.  There must have been less than 8 people in front of the to-go order window, and it took 20+ minutes to ORDER.  I have no idea what took so long to take people's order, but then you wait AGAIN to actually pick up your order.Now, the frozen hot chocolate... it was good.  $10 good for a regular size? NO WAY.  Definitely overpriced
4	Everybody I know hyped this place up way to much. I kept hearing people compare this place to their New York location. I've never been to their NY location or really know why this place is so popular/famous. I came here to see what people were raving about. The only thing I liked here was their frozen hot chocolate. It was tasty and fresh. It came in a huge cup big enough to share with 3 people.I wasn't impressed by their food and they didn't have much of a selection. The food menu was pretty minimal. I ordered the pump sandwich and I didn't like it. The sandwich fell apart on me and the meat tasted weird. Maybe it's all about personal preference when it comes to the food because the quality wasn't bad. Everything here was pretty pricey so this place ain't cheap. Prepare to spend some cash when you come here.The dining area is pretty big. I was comfortable where I was sitting. The servers were nice and accommodating. They do have fast service here so I can't complain about that. Time it right because this place can be very crowded...especially at night!
2	The line to get into Serendipity 3 is usually pretty crazy, so I try to bypass that with the To-Go line outside.The Frozen Hot Chocolate (and it's cousins in different flavors) are ok. They really aren't that amazing. So if there is a really long line, move on, you aren't missing that much. Plus it doesn't really taste the same as the one you would get at the original Serendipity in New York.And for some odd reason it took a good 15 minutes for them to make my Classic Sundae. Scooping some ice cream into a cup and pouring some hot fudge on top really should not take that long. And to make matters worse, the $10 dessert was 2/3 whipped cream. I thought I paid for a sundae not a freaking can of shaving cream.Oh and if you were eyeing the sliders, you might want to squint a little bit because those things are teeny tiny.
5	one of my favorites in Vegas.Frozen Hot Chocolate is a mustBlueberry Peach Mojito (it has real blueberries!!!)Chicken TendersSweet Potato FriesMac N Cheesedo it!!!!!!
3	Yum, Yum, Yum! While the frozen hot chocolate was made famous by the three entrepreneurs and their original Serendipity 3 on the Upper East Side in NYC. This store is just as delicious, but less busy than the original NYC Store, so you can get the experience without the wait.The frozen hot chocolate is definitely delicious, but it's a treat at $10 for the single and $16 for the "double to share" --- but it's better than a sundae, in my opinion!It has been around the original store since 1954, but made famous by several movies set in NYC (the movie of the same name is most easily recalled with John Cusack and Kate Beckinsdale).Bring your credit card, as a sandwich and a hot chocolate will cost you nearly $30 ... it's a fun experience and you can say you've done it!
3	The frozen hot chocolate was good but too pricey for what it was.
4	I stood in the To-Go line outside for a ridiculous 30 mins!  But the Frozen Hot Chocolate was completely worth my wait.  I would say I might come back bc of the horrendously long line but the lady behind me told me that she's come here multiple times before and has never had this long of a wait ever.  Turns out it was just one guy working.  Poor dude was so nice for being pushed to work and pick up slack for a no-show.  I will go back
3	one of those had to try places just because it's "famous"in short, can cross off my list..doubt i'll come back and wait over an hour for mediocre food.not horrible but not amazing either.
2	I have been hearing for some time now that the Frozen Hot Chocolate is supposed to be the shit. Like the best hot chocolate on ice ever. So I thought I should give it a try. The Frozen Hot Chocolate was soooooo rich and sweet. It was somewhat refreshing in the 90-100 degree weather but I couldn't even finish it. This is coming from someone that loves chocolate and sweets too. Also it was kind of pricey--about $10--for a sugar high. Don't bother with the Frozen Hot Chocolate.
4	We came here for lunch on Halloween day and there was only 5 minutes wait. All servers dressed up in costumes which I thought was very fun. We came mainly for the Frozen hot Chocolate, but decided on having lunch here as well.We asked about the Pizza and our server said it was only enough for one person, so we also ordered a side of Garlic Bread. When we got our food, turned out to be the portion was enough to feed both of us. It was the Meatball Pizza and was delicious.  The Garlic Bread was just ok.Now, the Frozen Hot Chocolate comes in two sizes. For one and for sharing. We decided on the basic Frozen Hot Chocolate for one. The size of this drink was hugeeeeeee. I don't think I can ever drink the whole thing by myself and if I ever did, please slap me in the face. That frozen hot chocolate was everything what people said. It was sweet, delicious, refreshing, gave me brain freeze, and I want more. I think, a trip to Serendipity 3 will be a must do for us for our future Vegas trips. Too bad no one can't ship that drink to me :(.
2	Okay, heres the thing.. the special thing is about this place is that their desserts are HUMOGOOO ! and they have this treasure chest dessert that cost like $80.  So it was my friend's birthday and we decided to check out this place before going around the strip.. We made reservations in the morning for 8pm . We got there at 7:55pm and the girl told us that our table will be ready soon. We waited patiently, until i looked at the time not noticing it since I was with my friends.. and it was nearly 8:30pm. we reserved a table for 8pm for party of 3 for the inside and yet they gave us a table on the outside !!! we were so hungry , we didnt even care.  Im the kind of person that would give a place a second chance, so we got this guy waiter. Dude was a total ASSHOLE ! He gave us our menu and didnt ask for our order for another 10 mins . like  really ?!? it wasnt even busy that night. we went there on a wednesday night. When he took our orders, he was so rude about it too. Thought he was being funny but his sarcasm wasnt appreciated at the time nor would i ever appreciate it. UGH, overall. food wasn't any special and it was totally pricy. Desert was good, but wasn't great. i mean i can get a sundae with fries oreos somewhere else with better service. even though this place is nice and known for its good dessert, I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT... went there twice and never going again.
4	It can get busy, the wait can be long. And it can be very noisy.  They can do with turning down the music so we don't have to shout our conversations or lean into each other so much just to hear. Ok.  I am a little hard of hearing, and the sound levels are not friendly for the aurally challenged.The food: enough to share and yummy.The desserts: uhm, that is why one comes here.  Yum-OThe service: the times I have been here the service has been very friendly but not overbearingly so, and prompt (or as prompt as they can be when the place is packed.  They get points for trying).It is price-y, but that is part of the overall experience. Splurge a little.
2	This was a total waste of 3 hours.  Service: glacialFood: crappyDessert: disgustingOverall: overhypedIf you like the Cheesecake Factory, you'll probably like this place.  If you like actual food, run far far away.  The burgers were dry and not cooked properly.  The fries were cold and nasty.  The frozen hot chocolate that has somehow earned rave reviews was disgustingly sweet.  The banana split was unpleasant.  The only good thing about Serendipity 3 is that it's a great way to differentiate idiots.  If someone likes this place, then you know that you can safely ignore any other recommendation that they might make.  If they don't like this place, then you have a higher probability of getting a recommendation that's useful.
2	While the name and concept is really eye catching, the food does not live up to par. Food is really heavy, rich, and greasy-almost like fast food type and for what you get, it's pretty expensive. Wait is long and service is not that great, and even then youll probably end up being seated outside in the cold. For starters, my friends and i ordered the onion ring tower. It comes out stacked beautifully with dipping sauces of ranch and such, and was actually pretty good-probably the best part of the entire meal. For my main entree I ordered the truffle mac and cheese ($14). The dish was decent, but nothing too memorable, just a bunch of cheese mixed into some pasta, which I couldn't even finish because it was just too rich after a couple of bites. High heel pump sandwich ($16) is HUGE, but it's also a got so much going on in it it that it becomes a big sloppy mess to eat. My friend ordered the ABC burger which she said was good, but nothing great that would make her come back for it again, especially for $16.50. Maybe this place is better left for desserts. I've heard good things about their frozen hot chocolate selections so next time I'm here, Ill definitely try that instead.
4	This place can get very busy, so if you don't feel like wasting a lot of time, just get food at the take out window. They have a shorter menu, but you can still get frozen hot chocolate there, so what else do you need? If it doesn't look busy, enjoy! Otherwise, don't kill yourself over not trying it.
3	Gave it 3 stars cause I'm not opposed to going there... but it's not a MUST when I'm in Vegas.  The MUST - DO list is super long and Serendipity doesn't make the list.However...I do enjoy the frozen hot chocolate (oreo or regular) ... my nephew calls the oreo flavor 'Heaven in Vegas' HAHA.. funny kid!The food is decent.  I like the spinach omelet and the sweet potato fries.But if you are just craving the frozen hot choc, there is a togo window out front because the restaurant typically has a wait.  If you are staying at Caesar's ... the best thing to do is send someone down to put your name in cause the wait is typically 30 min or more.
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars only for their amazing frozen hot chocolate. As for the food, i give it a 3 stars. Nothing special to it besides it name and funky decor. However, my Mr. ruben sandwich was one of the best sandwiches i've had. Very flavorful and filling for sure :). I would definitely come back here the next time I visit Las Vegas :)
5	I've worked at Caesars Palace for 18 months but I am not biased.  Let me just set the record straight.  I had ABSOLUTELY NO, ZERO, ZIP, NADA interest in eating here due to my total reliance upon my fellow Yelpers POV...until my Boss, who is a Foodie, invited me to have lunch with him.  Honestly, when he asked, I had thoughts of Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill, Bradley Ogden, or even the Munch Bar, but he said "Trip S".  Out of respect for those readers with more conservative morals, I will refrain from what truly emanated from my under my breath, but let's just say I would not normally use this kind of language but sometimes the autonomic response elicits more idiomatic expressions you would typically follow up with an immediate "Sorry!"Okay, with that loquacious preamble let me speak to the BEST !$#@%!$^%$# thing I've ate so far in 2011!!!  Whoa man!  I ordered the Las Vegas Strip Sandwich (pics 9 and 11).  10 ounces of prime medium rare NY Strip beef on a toasted French roll around 18 inches long; slathered with garlic butter, covered with three over easy eggs and six crisscrossed thick cut smoky, sweet, salty, crispy bacon.  BACON!!! Let's back up minute.  When we arrived at "Trip S" it was packed. The very nice hostess with the great smile sat us at the one of the two available seats.  Our Server, another lady with an easy manner and great smile, got us drinks immediately...well, within 2 minutes anyway and she followed up with us a few minutes later to let us know that our food was coming eminently.  I noticed other guests were signaling for her attention and she seemed to have a very good awareness of her area and appeared to notice the polite hand waving in her periphery without losing connection with us.  Once she was done with us, she moved on to the neighboring guests, flashed her award winning great smile and they were putty in her hands.  Actually, she had me at "Hello".The food arrives!!!  First my Boss's Ruben arrives.  I love a good Ruben and when I saw his, I thought I should have ordered one, but didn't want to make anyone uncomfortable.  You know what I mean...next, my Las Vegas Strip Sandwich arrives and WHOA MAN, I am so glad I didn't get the Ruben now...next visit.   This is a hefty piece of carnivores delight.   If I were at home I would have thrown it on a plate, plop down on the couch, put on some football and gone to town, but being in coat and tie and in public that whole egg yolk dribbling down the chin would not fly so I did the right thing and cut it into thirds.  About a pound each I swear to goodness.  I took the first bite...how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways...It was almost as good a lingering first kiss.  Hot, salty, crunchy, savory, smoky, my ...WAIT! BACK THE TRUCK UP!!!!...that is not a good example of a great lingering first kiss, but just work with me.  The synchronization of flavors, textures, body responses, was almost overwhelming.  Yes, I was totally satisfied.  Please note that this sandwich is not for the faint of heart.  You need to get your grub on to finish it but alas, that how I roll.  It's just one of those things you want to continue masticating until it's no more no matter how full the hypothalamus screams. Bon appetite!
5	Wow, I just gotta say, WHO THE HELL COMES HERE FOR THE FOOD? Really now! You come here, you get the frozen hot chocolate (which is its specialty) and you enjoy it. THE ENDYou like chocolate? You'll like this
2	Im really bitter right meow and hate writing bad reviews. Especially at a place where a lot of people had good experiences here. I feel that I have been robbed of a good experience and am missing out. Long story short...We got seated, checked in on yelp and was really excited. It took an hour for us to get our food. The restaurant wasnt even crowded, someone just lost our ticket in the kitchen. The staff was very apologetic about the situation and gave us dessert on the house and our server bought us a frozen hot choc. Unfortunately this was our last stop before heading home and we couldnt enjoy the free desserts as we were running late from the food taking so long to get out. I got the balsamic strawberry waffles and the girlfriend got the fried eggs benedict. She liked hers a lot but I was disappointed in both of them. The waffles didnt have enough sweet to counter the sour balsamic. I am a big fan of good balsamic and sweet things, when paired well it can be DYNO-MITE, but this wasnt the case. I tried bites of the benedict but my pallet was not in the right place after the balsamic and sweets. I am not going to hold a grudge on Serendipity by any means. I am going to give them another shot and hope my experience is better. They get two stars because the ambiance and because of the kindness of our server and the manager.
1	I'm really disappointed in this place. I came here thinking it was going to be an awesome place for dessert and left here knowing that it's just an overpriced ice cream parlor that isn't even good.  If you've ever been to a Cold Stone Creamery or anything similar, you don't need to go here unless you really want to pay $11 for a cup of frozen hot chocolate..
3	I waited 45 minutes for my $14 Frozen Hot Chocolate this past weekend and I'm sad to say that although it was delicious it just wasn't worth the $14. I mean the regular entrees cost $14 so how can I justify paying $14 for a cup of chocolate slush?! The food was pretty good on the other hand. I ordered the chorizo and my bf ordered the hangover omelet. I loved the omelet the most and the potatoes on the side was  crispy and flavorful. I'll definitely come back for this! I wanted to order the Mr. Reuben sandwich but unfortunately they don't serve the lunch menu until 2pm? Ugh...who eats lunch at 2pm?!
2	Breakfast here was disappointing due to what I ordered for breakfast.  Another issue was getting there around 8:30; the espresso machine was not yet available for making coffee and there was only the bartender and one food service person providing service.  At the bar, all the customers were told most of the staff comes in around 10pm.I had the fried benedict; I should have keyed on the word 'fried', biscuit (not english muffin) and gravy (not hollandaise sause).  Unless your into southern style biscuit and gravy, do not order this item.  I had chocolate coffee, due to not being able to order a cappuccino type coffee drink (no espresso) !!
5	"Seize the moment.  Remember all those women on the Titanic who waved off the dessert cart."  ~Erma BombeckHaha I love that quote! : ) Well here's my review of Serendipity 3. I think you're going to like reading it! : ) I had as much fun writing it as I did eating here. : ) Enjoy : ) HenryTHE FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!     It was SO GREAT I'm just going to list my top ten ways I'd describe it to a friend. Here goes, they are the following: 1. Greek God Worthy2. HolyHotChocolateBatman3. The Facebook of Desserts4. Nothing On Earth Like It on Earth5. #Dessert Hashtag Warranted6. A Get out of Diet Jail Free Card7. Yummy in My Tummy8. A Full Body Massage in a Cup9. 112 Points on Words With Friends10. 14 out 10 people will like this, trust meYou're going to love it as much as I did for sure! Let me know what you think! :DTHE FRIED OREO SUNDAE!     If you come in with at least 1 person with you, you have to order something like this. Just from a standpoint of picture taking and memories, it's an unforgettable moment that you will remember forever. It's a priceless food fun photo opp, followed by an EPIC journey for sure for any DESSERT LOVER! It was soooo much fun to attempt to make it through as much of the bowl as I could. Deep breathing techniques and stretching in my chair was not enough to overpower and complete this Colossal Sundae... As I stared it square in the face I decided my best bet about half way through was to finish off the FRIED OREOS! YES They are so delicious and if you haven't had them, then you need to order this one just to try em! They are that GREAT! ENTREE - CRAB CAKE SALAD     I was soooooo impressed by how great the food was here! I ordered a CRAB CAKE SALAD which I can say with certainty was one of the BEST CRAB CAKES in Vegas. Bar none. It looked perfect (check out my picture of it in their photos) ... it tasted perfect! and it was surrounded by a fantastic salad made up of an awesome blend of greens tossed with a light and delicious dressing. ENTREE -         was "BEST OF MY LIFE"     I also have to quote one more plate I had here, and it's something I thought i'd never be stating a had a "BEST OF MY LIFE" of ... because it's something I've had, and you reading this, have probably had a million times in your life. CHICKEN FINGERS! I swear to you that I was challenged they would be some of the best I'd ever eaten... Well let me tell you if you just wanted to try a food that someone has truly mastered, I mean really, cannot get any better then they were, then order these. (You'll see a picture of them as well I posted in their photos). The breading is absolutely the precise amount, somewhere between Southern Fried thickness and Tempura style crispness. And furthermore, they are so tender you will wonder what in the world they do to them to get them this way... If you're a meat eater, think "kobe" tenders, that's what these are. : ) They are truly done that well! A test of all the willpower you have in your entire body would be to order these and just eat 1. Have fun and definitely try them when you go! : ) My Final Thought...      Totally have fun and enjoy this restaurant! It's a great time, the people there are so friendly, and the experience you'll have there is one you'll never forget, no matter how many times you visit back. :D  Enjoy, Henry : ) P.S."If you're ever caught not listening to someone and called out for it, just respond by saying, "Chocolate"... at that point everything they were talking about becomes irrelevant and you've just surreptitiously avoided all confrontation that could have occurred." ~Henry
1	I don't know why it took me so long to write this review, but this is, by far, THE WORST PLACE IN VEGAS!!! And I'm local, I eat in restaurants in town all the time.  Let's start with the host telling us there would be a table available in 40 minutes. It took an hour. We'll continue with the waiter sitting us in a freezing table next to the back door. We asked to move, he said there's no space available, we moved ourselves and it took them 20 min longer to get us menus. The music was super loud and so very annoying. The food was OK minus and the desserts were really NOT THAT GOOD AT ALL.I'm never going back, I have such a bad opinion about this place. I'm getting angry again just from writing this review... Save your time and money and go someplace else!
2	If this is the only place you can find in Las Vegas to have dessert, then by all means, go for it. I'm not a tourist, but if I WAS one, I'd avoid this place like the over-priced, over-hyped, over-indulged place that it is. I just went in for the aforementioned over-hyped frozen hot chocolate. What everyone has failed so far to mention is that this is not frozen anything. This is a richly watered down chocolate malt. It doesn't qualify as malt because it would have to have body to be that. This is like cold hot chocolate. I asked the waitress where my FROZEN hot chocolate was and she looked at me like I was an alien and said 'do you know what frozen is?' I refrained from sarcasm and told her I was well aware of the term 'frozen' having lived in NYC for years. She said that I wouldn't be able to eat it if it were frozen. I held myself back, barely, from explaining ice cream's properties. Suffice it to say that this is a dessert that is a lot of money for a lot of nothing. My guests and I also had the carrot cake which was divine, but it was still carrot cake and not worth the $11 price tag. We also had this very strange 'Forbidden Broadway Sundae.' I'll demystify it for you: it's chocolate ice cream with a LOT of whipped cream and a small slice of dark chocolate cake. For $11. You're welcome, I hope I've just saved you the money you would have spent on that. Buy me a drink when we meet, I promise your money's worth, which is more than I can say for this place. When I lived in NYC I always tried to tell my friends to stay away from the touristy areas, they are MADE to rip money from your hands with a paltry return. I give all Vegas tourists this same advice. There are much better places to indulge your sweet tooth than this scam.
1	I went to Serendipity 3 to have a frozen hot chocolate.  I'd had one about 10 years ago in New York.  Honestly, I don't remember a thing about how it tasted but I figured it must have been good if there is now one in Vegas!The place was crazy busy when we arrived but luckily I spotted a 'takeout' window on the side.  No biggie since I only wanted the frozen hot chocolate anyway.  Looking at the menu while waiting in line, I was shocked at the price for the frozen hot chocolate.  Most flavors were $11.  Flavors like 'peanut butter, mint or vanilla'.  No hint of fancy chocolate like Lindt or Ghirardelli flakes that might make the price worth it.  I bought anyway, the mochachino flavor, I wanted peanut butter but they were out and $12.97 later, ($1 for a plastic glass of tap water) I stood by the window and waited for my frozen hot chocolate.  They are fast, I will give them that, but what passed from the window into my hand was basically a grande frappucino at three times the price.  I'm not sure what others were raving about because nothing in that glass could come close to being worth the $11 price tag for the drink.  As my friend and I wondered exactly why there are so many people at Serendipity we could only guess that 1 -they'd never been there before or 2- like me they couldn't remember having it the first time.  Apparently, if you actually sit down in the restaurant, the frozen hot chocolate is much larger which might have made me feel a tiny bit better.  However, either way, the melted milkshake with a load of whipped cream that is the frozen hot chocolate is not worth your time or money.  Go somewhere else.  There are plenty of gelato places in Vegas where you can get your ice cream fix if that is what you desire for 1/3 of the price.
4	O-M-G!  Frozen hot chocolate with Jameson.  Seriously, does it get any better?
5	Our server was on it, the frozen hot chocolate was delish as was the crab dip! Don't think I'd eat a full meal at Serendipity's but it was the perfect midday snack.
4	If you ever find yourself here on a busy day/night, sit at the bar and order the frozen hot chocolate from there. Easy peasy :))
4	YUM!We sat outside on the balcony and had a view of the strip.  It was a cute place and the food was pretty good.  My mom likes the frozen hot chocolate.I need to go back and try other things!
5	Serendipity 3 is definitely a unique place to dine in Las Vegas, mainly due to its ambiance and decor. Quite funky & wacky, but not in an uncomfortably weird way...more like up-beat & humorous. Their food does little to disappoint.... their macaroni & cheese for instance is full of cheddar gooey awesomeness, can't fail with a burger, my friends said their grilled cheese is one of a kind. I didn't bother trying their frozen hot chocolate b/c I've heard its overrated, but to be honest, we were so stuffed from all the delicious appetizers and main courses that we didn't have room for dessert. I regret not trying their fried oreo sundae (which is hidden from the menu), but definitely won't miss it next time I'm in Sin City.
1	I'd heard/seen Serendipity 3 in NYC and kept hearing about this frozen hot chocolate drink. I guess it was finally time to try it (as there was no line when I walked by). The first sip is like 'woah this is....frozen...hot chocolate' but the next few sips you get sick of the drink. It's just way too sweet and very hard to swallow after the inital sip. A little too pricey and so I don't think I'll be getting this again, or recommending it to any friends.
2	Came in for dessert after having dinner at Central, since they didn't have a very appealing dessert menu.  Shared a strawberry sundae with my bf b/c I know how big the portions are and I think the server was annoyed that we were sitting in his section and only ordering one item, which I get, but we were still going to tip him well.  But even so he should not be rude towards his guests for any reason!  The sundae was delicious but overpriced.   I only come for dessert b/c their food isn't that great.  It's more of a tourist attraction.
1	I got so excited when I saw a Serendipity 3 in Vegas. It made me think back to that amazing frozen hot chocolate I got at the store in NYC.On a hot day (back in August), a frozen hot chocolate will just hit the spot. I was already full from breakfast, so just walking around the strip. I went up to the window, ordered my frozen hot chocolate to go, and walked around with it inside Cesar's hotel. It tastes NOTHING like the frozen hot chocolate from the NYC store. It was not good. I guess I just had high expectations from this place. I thought their stuff would be the exact same. It's not. I took a few sips, didn't think it was worth the calories, so I just threw it in the trash. I was sad. Wasted drink. I'll know better next time.
4	2 hour wait for my group of 6. We went into the casino and came back to check once in a while, and they held our spot. About 1 1/2 hours in, we checked in and were seated due to a party that didn't show up (so check in often!).The place was busy and it was hard to get a hold of our waitress, though she was very nice. When ready to pay, we were confused and thought we had to go up to the counter, I saw a few people do this, but she did come by and get the check from me, I'm not sure if people were just going up because the wait was so long/ it was so hard to get your waiter's attention or what.Expensive? yes. But the sundaes my friends got were huge, with entire slices of Red Velvet cake, cheesecake, or giant cookies depending on which one they got. I got the sliders, and they looked tiny, but they were filling. The bacon aoili was yummy! My bf's triple decker grilled cheese was an overload, but he was in heaven, and it came with a little bowl of tomato soup with cute little goldfish crackers floating in it!The oreo frozen hot chocolate was yummy, but get the regular (the smallest size) FOR TWO. We seriously couldn't finish it, definitely not with the food !
5	This place is incredible! Make sure to make reservations first though. And beware the food here is enough to feed four people. You must try the frozen hot chocolate. It's to die for!!!!
1	If I could give them a zero, I would. My group of 6 had reservations, and they still took an hour to seat us.  We were early and checked in multiple times.  When we got seated, there were plenty of tables......so what was the problem? I guess we got seated at a weird time because we couldn't order from the lunch menu because it was "brunch" still, even though "lunch" started 10 min later?  Whatever.  The service was soooooooooooo slow -- it wasn't even busy.  The waiters were rude.  The food was not worth the wait or price.  The frozen hot chocolate tasted watered down, so I don't get why people rave about it.  If you want food, go elsewhere.  If you want desserts, order from the takeout/to-go window I guess.  If you want nice ambiance or something, IT'S NOT HERE.  Walk the strip.  I left definitely NOT tummy stuffed.
4	Great meal & Great service, definitely ended my weekend in Vegas right.  I ordered the classic cheese burger with steak fries and it was delicious, to end my meal since this place is known for their desserts my boyfriend and I split a delicious hot fudge sundae.  I definitely enjoyed it, it filled me up and definitely made up for the shity meal/service I previously had at  (Hash House A Go Go) I wish I remembered the waiters name to give him some good feedback but I dont remember it. Overall my party and I definitely enjoyed it!
2	Not impressed at all with Serendipity 3. I've been wanting to experience this place for quite sometime, I still have hope for the NY location. I met a few friends here on Saturday night for dessert. There were a couple people in line in front of us after 11p and we were sat within about 20-30 minutes. I ordered the carrot cake and smores hot chocolate. The carrot cake was nothing special at all. HUGE, yes - tasty NO. The smores hot chocolate was pretty good the toasted marshmallows were good, but I LOVE marshmallows so that's an easy to please right there. The graham crackers were good and sort of smushy in the cup and I think it had chocolate kisses in it. It was ok. I also shared a frozen Oreo hot chocolate with me friend. It's not something I ever need to try again. The decor of this place is also awful in my opinion. It was about 30 degrees outside so the thing Serendipity did have going was the heat - it felt about 100 degrees in there. I didn't try any of the meals but I certainly wouldn't go for this type of meal if on the strip with the other selections. Our server was very nice and we actually closed the place down - it must have been after 1A when we left.
4	Yum! Mint chocolate frozen hot chocolate is delicious!  I can't wait to go back!
2	This place is alright. I've been wanting to try it just because it's Serendipity and I haven't been to any of the other ones. I didn't have time to wait in line and eat there so my friends just went for the window instead.My boyfriend and I shared a Cappuchino Frozen Hot Chocolate and one of the dogs. I think it was the regular one. New York Dog? Not sure. The dog was just that. Just a hot dog. Nothing special. I hardly noticed any cappuchino flavor in the frozen hot chocolate. I expected it to be more fabulous.The only thing that really caught my eye here was the fact that they give you Total Rewards points for buying here. And that its plastic utensils are so shiny that they look like real silverware! lol
2	I wish I could rate this place higher because it's just so damn cute, but unfortunately there isn't much here besides the frozen hot chocolate, at least dessert-wise. I haven't had the food, but I'm not very compelled to get an overpriced burger just because the umbrellas are pink. Although I guess that's pretty enticing. You can find coupons for the frozen hot chocolate everywhere. My first one was from our coupon book at Paris. The full size is easily shared between 3 people, and it's quite satisfying when your sweet tooth is aching (hah pun intended) for something chocolatey and covered in unhealthy amounts of whipped cream. I tried the ice cream here though, and I seriously couldn't finish them because I kind of got over it. I wanted a light sorbet for the hot weather during the summer. Nope, got a super thick mango... thing. I think it was too mango+tons of sugar for my liking. The other flavors taste like a typical grocery ice cream, so nothing too special there either. It's not really worth the line, but you should just go once... for the pink umbrellas :)
3	3.5 stars, pretty good service and food, but overpriced. Portions are pretty big, so pace yourself. Shared margarita pizza, cheesecake and chocolachino. yummy, but oh boy did we suffer afterwards.
3	The frozen hot chocolate was very good! I had the meatball parmesan pizza which was ok. My hubbie had the mac n cheese which was very good but super rich. All in all, pretty good but expensive for what you are getting.
2	Not what I expected :( long wait, frozen hot chocolate wasn't the BEST. Onion rings were good, kind of pricy. Atmosphere: eh, loud. Kind of disappointed
2	Ordered FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE from the takeout window, which faces Caesars Palace.Nothing spectacular, just tastes like a $10 blended mocha without the coffee.A nice thing to try once.  Order from the takeout window so you don't need to brave the crowds inside.
1	If I had the chance, I would give them no stars. We were trying to get a table cause I really wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate. After waiting around for about 30-45 minutes, the hostess rudely told us that we were standing in the way and we had to move. First, she could have said that a little nicer. And second, if they had adequate amount of space there would be no issue. Due to her poor behavior, we decided to leave without even trying this place.
3	Waited half an hour I think... for a party of 5 (NOT BAD) for frozen hot chocolate. Wanted to see what the hype was about... Never had frozen hot chocolate nor been to Serendipity for that matter, so it was a must try when I went to Vega$$$. We already ate some Secret Pizza for dinner beforehand, so I wasn't all that hungry. My other two friends had some kind of sandwich (it was HUGE btw) with sunny side up eggs, bacon and some sort of meat in between. They said it had no taste and wasn't good which was surprising to me 'cause I love sunny side up eggs and bacon hahah. We sat at the bar and for some reason our waiter gave us a complimentary order of onion rings. He never really stated why. I assume, extra/wrong order? But whatevz, it was sooo bomb. Super crispy and flavorful. As for the frozen hot chocolate, it was mediocre and kinda tasted like a chocolate shake but not as thick. but it was way too big for me to finish on my own, so I had to share amongst my friends. Don't think I LOVE(d) it, but it was good. But if we had waited an hour for that, I don't think it'd be worth it. Unless I'm actually sitting down to eat as well. The food seems decent. But there's also mixed reviews on them. The vodka ravioli looks yummy. Wonder if that's any good...and the other desserts sounded so yummy as well. Will def come back to try if the wait isn't long. Or else I'll just hit up the take-out window. The place is cutesy and the food seems to come in big portions but I'll def have to come back in order to like it more. All the hype kinda killed it for me, imo.3/5. Next time around I hope to bump it up to a 4 :o)
4	I am in AWE! Why does this place have 3 stars?I am definitely a fan of any form of chocolate and Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate has to the best chocolate drink ever invented. The small size is HUGE! It will be a great idea to share with a buddy or boo because the portion is huge! The whipped cream is also very amazing, I used to think Cheesecake Factory's whipped cream was the best... oh no... Serendipity is the winner! I haven't tried the food there, because there are other places to eat in Vegas. Serendipity is infamous for its frozen hot chocolate. Love Love Love! Whenever I make a celebratory trip to Sin City, Serendipity is a guilty pleasure! And for you alkys out there, get it with some rum! Hello to a night of fun! :)
4	Hot chocolate was awesome! The food was good we shared 2 dinners and would eat here again. The waitresses could be nicer. Wait time for servers is rather lengthy.
2	This is one of those places where you will probably want to go once to say you have been there.  The frozen Hot Chocolate was good, but not worth the hype of the price.  Frankly, the regular hot chocolate was better.  Overall, it is overpriced, crowded, small and a high ambient noise level, but hey this is on the strip right in front of Caesar's, so what would you expect?
2	I've come here twice using the take out window.  I've had the frozen hot chocolate the first time and got the banana split to go the second time.  The frozen hot chocolate was not memorable and the banana split was good but both were way overpriced, $10 or more.  Try the frozen hot chocolate as this is what they are known for, but if you want ice cream there are way cheaper alternatives.
5	First time at Serendipity and I would have to give a 2 thumbs up. We had to wait for 30 minuets, but it was definitely worth it.Our server named was Leo. He was very sweet and took great care of us. It was our last couple of hours in Vegas and we made the best out of it. Every single entree We ordered was simply spectacular!I got the fettucini, my cousin ordered ft long hot dog, and my friend got the summer breeze sandwich which was all tasty! We also got a couple desserts and the ice cream sandwich was SO irresistible!! Thank you Leo and thank you serendipity!!
4	This is for Leo, the nicest, most generous, friendliest, waiter we've had during our weekend stay in Vegas. My friends and I have never been to this establishment until today. And our first experience was quite memorable because of him.. Leo, thank you so much for making our last day in LV the best !! Food and drinks were quite tasty too might I add. I highly recommend the foot long dog !!
4	Yay! i'm a fan just because i have a very bad sweet tooth!  went in at 10 PM but was told that the restaurant would serve nothing but desserts because the kitchen closed at 10 PM even though the restaurant was open until 11 PM.  oh well i didnt care since i was there just for the desserts anyway!My boyfriend and I ordered a strawberry fields sundae to share.  The sundae was not as bad (big) as i imagined it woulda been but it was all good since i had to save some room for more foods at Sugar Factory right across the street at the Paris Hotel!  Yesh! it was my dessert night! hooray!!  Anyhoo, I loved that big chunk of cheesecake in the sundae, and it took us probably 10-15 minutes to finish it.  not bad at all *wink*
2	THIS REVIEW IS ONLY ON THEIR FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATENOT ON ANY OF THE FOODTheir frozen hot chocolate is what they are know for, but it was just mediocre.  The consistency of the drink is icy, like a blended drink, not creamy like a shake.  The flavor/ quality of chocolate tasted like maybe a ghirardellis blended drink.  Nothing too special, especially for $12.  Not only that, but the whipped cream tasted like it was from a can of reddi whip, opposed to fresh.  This drink was ok, but for 12 bucks, i expect more.  I think an appropriate price for this beverage would be more like half the price.
5	Frozen hot chocolate, grilled cheese sandwiches, goldfishes swimming in my tomato soup, creamy mac and cheese, and one of the best chili I have tried.  Can't you tell I like this place.  My Las Vegas to go to place!
5	I visited the original Serendipity in NYC years ago and instantly became a fan after trying their famous frozen hot chocolate. So, on a recent trip to Vegas my husband and I decided to have breakfast here. WOW! What a great decision. I had the saints n sinners french toast log and my husband ordered the New York strip steak breakfast sandwich. Once we placed our order, our food arrived quickly and we dug right in. Both dishes were delicious and HUGE!  The savory side of the french toast was my favorite but the sweet side was good as well. I must say that the steak sandwich was the best breakfast sandwich I've ever tasted, so I was happy to oblige when my husband suggested we share. By the end of our meal we were both stuffed, satisfied and ready for the rest of our day. We will definitely be visiting Serendipity 3 next time we are in Vegas.
4	I have to go here EVERY time I'm in Vegas for my frozen hot chocolate and burger with glorious buns!The frozen hot chocolate is just amazing and I can't even describe it...it is out of this world!! It's also HUGE if you order the one for 2 and could easily be split between up to 4 people. My fiance has ordered different things here and was sometimes disappointed, but I always get the burger and I'm ALWAYS happy. This time he got the triple decker grilled cheese and tomato soup. Both were REALLY good! They also have excellent sweet potato fries that I get everytime.This is just such a cute place that is so whimsical and fun! I will say some of it is a little pricey, but I don't mind paying it. Also, there is ALWAYS a wait here...which is kind of annoying because there are also always empty tables. I don't understand why they don't just staff the place out all the time since people are always waiting to get in. I will continue to make it one of my must-have places.
3	Sucked in by the need to experience the frozen hot chocolate, we ended up eating here because we failed to plan ahead with reservations for anywhere else. The food was your typical diner fare, which was pretty tasty. The onion rings were really good actually. And the frozen hot chocolate? I guess it was as good as one could expect. It was HUGE! Four of us girls shared one and we couldn't finish it. But then again, we had just eaten tons of food and about 4 drinks, so we could have been stuffed. The place was pricey, but, it's a tourist trap in Vegas... so it is to be expected. I'm glad I finally experienced the legend that is Serendipity. If I make it to NY, I will try the original!
4	Came here did the hype thing again. Anyways the place is ADORABLE. I just think that the checkered floors, pretty sculptures, fixtures, etc were the cutest. I came here with 5 other girls and i felt like we were having a little tea party. I shared the Crabcake salad and the ABC burger- avocado bacon and cheese. The food made my mouth water, like a food orgasm, We all shared the frozen hot chocolate after and it was like a chocolate milk shake i guess- It was good too. Get it if you a baller and want some chocolate.
1	bad service, yucky coffee and terrible pretzel.  I won't be back.
3	Go for the desserts, not the food.Ended up having lunch here since it was right in front of Caesar's.The frozen hot chocolate was extremely tasty and extremely large. We ended up sharing a single between two people. This is really what you go for (and the banana split the next table ordered was both monstrous and looked delicious)...The food was mediocre at best. The mac & cheese was really light on flavor, and the burger & fries was extremely dry. Had to drink a few glasses of water to get through it.It was kind of nice to go to say I've been, but will definitely be passing on any future trips.
4	Decided to eat here one day because we stayed at Caesar's palace and wanted to see whats up with their frrrozen hot chocolate :D.Food: damn delicious. i cant really say that you get your moneys worth because some items on the menu aren't really money's worth in quantity but in quality i can absolutely say yes. the reason being so is because i went with my dad and sister. i ordered the ribs expecting a full rack of ribs but nope all that was given were three, and ill repeat three, beef rib bones. they were meaty. enough to keep you on a single bone for a couple of minutes. small fries and a small slaw was given as well. i can say that i was somewhat full. so that made up for it. my dad ordered the forgot the name but it was a steak sandwich. the steak was absolutely perfect. it also had 3 sunny side eggs and a strips of bacon. oh and i was on two half loaves of french baguette. so that's pretty darn huge. it was good but after a while you kind of get tired of chewing. my sister ordered an appetizer because she wasn't that hungry. she got the wings. they give you 10 pieces of hot wings. the dipping sauce was bleu cheese but she swapped it for ranch. im not a fan of spicy food but i tried it anyways. i know this place makes their food fresh in all but honestly it felt like i was eating hot wings from Costco. so nothing special. After that we tried their all famous frrrozen hot chocolate for two. for the price of 15 it was well worth it. just imagine hot chocolate but in a mocha form. all  of their frrrozen hot chocolates cost the same. they have a variety of different kinds so we got the white chocolate one. it was damn good. the next time i come here im trying something different.service: is damn excellent. i mean every time i would ask for something such as more water or a knife or something i would always get the "right away boss" "here you go boss" its nice to hear that but i gotta give it to them because not every restaurant does that. Our waiter was nice. cleaned our tables. picked up our empty plates. etc... there were times when the place would be crowded so they would forget  what i asked for but its understandable.Location: this is vegas by the way so i can really say anything about where its placed. i mean shoot lucky we stayed at ceasers cause i gotta say parking was a bitch. i mean pedestrians not caring about traffic walk signs is one thing but having everyone turn into the same place is hell enough. as i stated, luckily we stayed at Caesar's palace. we just walked over .Side note: we were seated rather quickly, but this is random cause there are times when there are a couple of tables open and there are times when every table is occupied.- they also have a wide range of desserts too. From gigantic sundaes that can feed a family of four to a banana split where the bowl or whatever that hold it all together can be barely seen.
4	Seriously, i love this place. I go here every single time I'm in Vegas. I love that it's on the strip. Only downside... long wait with inconsistent rules regarding reservations. My sister called on saturday reserving for 2 at 12:30 pm, I called right after for a 12:30 reservation for 2 as well so that my fiance and I could ride with them and sit separately. They told my sister yes, but told me that they do not take reservations unless it is 2-3 hours in advance. ODD. Other than that, the entrees are good, pricey- but large so i feel you get your money's worth. The true good thing about this place is the deep fried oreo sundae!!! one & only!
4	This restaurant is located directly on the strip. It has an upscale Applebees feel. The desserts looked so good, lots of sundaes, I wanted to skip dinner.Our waiter was pleasant, but seemed too busy. It took him a very long time to bring drinks. The food was good, not phenomenal, but not at all bad. I had the house made veggie burger. It was made of mostly grains (rather than beans). The sweet potato fries were good, not greasy, but could have been warmer. The steak fries were awesome.My boyfriend and I shared a frozen hot chocolate. It was good, but I am not sure it really warranted the $11 price tag (no alcohol) for a regular size. I would go back here intentionally for a sundae.
3	I'm on the fence about this place, especially since I woke up after sleeping a few hours to essentially forcefully and unpleasantly "losing" my digestive contents. The link is to be determined as my other party members were ok.The wait for non-reservations was an hour to an hour and a half, steady, and that was at 9 PM. We made a reservation in advance, but they jotted us down for two instead of four. They corrected it quickly and sat our party efficiently. Our waiter started off as nice. He brought waters without our asking and came by timely the get our order. Then when we weren't ready and told him, a few more minutes, he multiplied that by a factor of three.My boyfriend and I had the chicken pot pie and sweet potato fries. My friend had pasta and a frozen hot white chocolate milk. His girlfriend got a chicken salad. Instead they brought her a crab cake salad. She had to go through the hostess to get the waiter as he essentially disappeared. He argued with her about what she ordered then took it back and brought the correct dish about five plus minutes later. They never brought her a new fork and since service was so evasive, it was hard to flag anybody. I gave her mine.The food was mixed. The frozen hot chocolate tasted good, but boy are those expensive. My friends girlfriend said the chicken didn't taste right. The pot pie was good. The fries were sweet but got cold very quickly.  I don't know if the pot pie made me ill or not. The waiter came by and asked if we wanted dessert menus. We said sure and I told him I didn't like the fries. He asked if I wanted something different. I said no and he said he'd remove them from the bill.About ten minutes plus goes by. He comes back to our table and asks us if we want to see the dessert menus. My friends girlfriend says he asked that fifteen minutes ago but never brought them. He rolled his eyes and gave us our check.  He rung up our cards quickly and we got out of there.The breakdown:Food: 2.5 starsService: 2.5 starsAtmosphere: 4 stars
5	The frozen hot chololate is AMAZING as is! The Hangover omelet has fries, bacon, mushrooms and cheese inside and comes with steak fries or sweet potato fries, also very good. The only recommendation i would make is to make a reservation if you know that you are going to go eat there, if not it is about a 30 minute wait.
3	Pretty nice place. A good escape from the sun. The chocolate shake we had was quite good.
3	IF you want to indulge in desserts, then come to Serendipity 3 for indulgence, but if you want some legit LV food and not willing to spend the big bucks then keep looking. If you do want some food, then try the caesar salad. For someone who isn't a big fan of salads in the first place, their CHICKEN CAESAR SALAD IS THE BOMB. ok it's delish, the only salad I'll voluntarily eat.  Also the frozen hot chocolate is all the rage, also the $1000 sundae, try if you dare.
4	The BF and I endured the 35 minute wait to grab desserts here. We didn't get a chance to try the location in New York so I didn't want to miss out again. The restaurant is right in front of Caesar's and was packed! There's also a to-go section in the back patio with a long line as well. We ordered the strawberry sundae with roasted walnuts and a frozen hot chocolate. My sundae was oh so delicious, I just wished my cup would magically refill itself when I got close to finishing it. The strawberries were fresh, the ice cream was delicious and the walnuts were still warm when I took my last bite. Richard's frozen hot chocolate was yummy too, his was topped with chocolate coffee beans. For the sake of my wallet and waistband, I wouldn't visit this place frequently but it's a nice treat every once in awhile. Our total for the two items, tax and tip came out to about $30.
4	I had the $11 dollar Frozen Hot Chocolate, it was a bit rich until you mixed in the whip  cream and the crunchy chocolate shavings. Fortunately, we went in early on New Years Day and there was no line.  We got our drinks and left in 5 minutes. I think if we had some of the food and went there during the middle of the day this review would be different.  But for the shakes it was perfect.
1	love the food but HATE the service... 40 mins for a table... okay well it's vegas. But 40 mins for food? When it all finally came i was asked if they could bring anything else like ranch etc. I asked for ranch for my sweet potato fries. Long and behold it never came. In the end we were not only annoyed but disappointed with the level of service.
1	What a disappointment. I was so excited to come here and try a frozen hot chocolate, after waiting 30 minutes I finally reached the front of the pay line and the cashier came back she said she had to take 3 minutes to restock, ugh, fine, so I waited because I was at the point of no return. The girl behind me got fed up and started yelling at her to come back, which ended up benefiting me, she came back and told me whatever I would order would take at least 30 minutes and all I wanted was a frozen drink, I ordered and she said it would take less than 5 minutes. What a joke. It took 15, I felt bad that my bf was sitting at a table waiting for me and the super sweet dumb drink I had my heart set on. I really should have gotten one of those tall flavored margaritas. I felt bad for all those other people waiting in a much longer line than I had. Why would you staff this place with 5 people when it clearly needs more? I will not be back. Serendipity on the go is definitely not on the go.
4	I must have been really hungry this weekend but you know i really enjoyed the food at Serendipity.I shared the 10 oz steak sandwich with 3 sunny eggs, and bacon. It was HUGE. Delicious. The only thing... there could have been little more flavor. I should have put a dash of salt. the bread was a bit hard, scrapping the roof of my mouth. I wish they provided more fries though. It was kinda small and skimpy. Also ordered the original frozen chocolate for two for $15 dollars. It was good. When they ask if you want marshmallows on it don't say yes unless you are willing to pay a dollar for it. They tricked us! The frozen hot chocolate was awesome. I loved it. Rich but excellent with the whip cream. Never been to the one in New York but i'm sure it is just as good. -Give it a try! YOLO. EAT!p.s. there is usually a wait. i think after 2pm it isn't too bad.
1	Crappy service. Average food. Don't waiste your time and money
3	Of course, we had to go to Serendipity 3. (As my friend pointed out, they always said, "Welcome to Serendipity 3!") It was a cold, windy night in Vegas, but we still wanted to try their signature Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. We decided to sit outside, because it was really cramped inside--our 15 minute wait lasted for 2 minutes. Outside they have two types of heaters--these giant industrial flat heaters and the flaming towers of fire. Pick the flat heaters--they're stronger and provide wider heat.Mint Frrrozen Hot Chocolate- 3-stars- I've always been a fan of mint chocolate, ever since eating a failed mint chocolate cookie in New York City (not related to Serendipity), but I've always been undecided with hot chocolate flavors. So now, I get mint chocolate whenever I see it--to understand the subtle differences each version makes. This huge cup/bowl is covered with whipped cream. It has a rich chocolate flavor, but the mint is very light. The dish on the bottom acting like a reservoir is very helpful, because you'll find chocolate seeping over the edges constantly. It was very busy, as the waiter told us about three times, while we waited for our hot chocolates--he said the blenders were working as fast as possible. It was funny, since we ended up waiting about as long as we were told to wait for a table. Still, with all things considered, I don't know if the final product was worth the cost.Ambiance- Being on the Strip, being able to sit above people and look down on them, that's grand. Sitting at night, with a mixture of 40-degree wind and flaming towers, with the lights of Vegas in the background--priceless. The decor and look of the place is great. I really wanted the lounge corner with all the pillows and seats under those great big heaters.Service- Seemed a little disappointed we only ordered frozen hot chocolate, but those babies are not cheap either. My friend got the Espresso, asking for beans, but they said the beans are included in that one--but when she got it, they said they just ran out of beans. Sadness for her. Still, it wasn't too late--about 8 p.m. So they still had a few more hours, and with the popularity of coffee, I assume a lot more espresso orders. So that's a little weird.Conclusion- Go for the notoriety and bragging rights to say, "I went to Serendipity 3!" Go ahead and get the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, any season since they got good heaters--especially if you're a chocolate lover. But be aware of the popularity, the wait, and time you'll take for your frozen treat. Hey, at least you can look at people on the Strip and when they back you can wave at them! I'm above you! Yay!
3	After seeing this place on Travel Channel, I was too excited to try it. It was all I could talk about. We went in and paid the ridiculous $15 for each ice cream. We got the deep fried oreo sundae and the carrot cake sundae. I was a bit disappointed. It is sad to say that I could've made it at home. I did not like the deep fried oreos. Although it is a super cute place, they made us wait at least an hour. Next time I go, I will get the to go frozen hot chocolate. eeeee.
3	My friend was set on eating at this place. Claimed the Prosciutto sandwich was to die for and she had to have it again. *shrug*  Okay. I'm always up for anything new to experience (eat). It was pretty crowded which is imeediately a downer for me. But we managed to snag three spots at the bar just as a couple was leaving so we didn't have to wait for a table. The decor is really cute in a sugary, Alice in Candyland sort of way. I was told they are known for their frrrozen hot chocolates, but I needed actual food first, so I settled on a brie cheese sandwich minus the raisin pumpernickel bread. They switched out my bread with batting an eye.  While we waited for food, the bartender entertained me in the best way possible. With alcohol. And I got to watch everybody elses alcohol and hot chocolate creations being made. I tried a cotton candy martini just because it sounds cute and he said there is actual cotton candy in it. Cool! I picked the apple flavor and He shoved a big chunk of cotton candy in the glass. Cute! But it just melt away as soon as the alcohol hits it and it tasted just like an oversweet apple martini. Meh. I guess I thought it would be pink, have cotton candy magically floating in it and taste like cotton candy. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=SDqnof-g7auFCdvv4TzNPgI then proceeded onto mojitos and belvedere martinis. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=u49kgihuTOVAORu-j4bakwFood arrives and friend #2 is disappointed with her Margharita pizza because it wasnt really like a Margharita. No buffalo mozz, no whole tomatoes, no basil. See for youself:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=oqCPQOLiTvnD6IX7PRhH5AMy Brie Cheese sandwich was good. Nothing special, but good. Could have used more cranberry flavor or more cheese. The sweet potato fries were good because they were nice and crispy. I often get soggy sweet potato fries. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=exjNtQdkh8ziQj4-3c0IDQSweet Potato Fries: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=dHlXKJT13yfGjWVJRaquqgThe best was the High Heel Prosciutto sandwich. THis really WAS good. Prosciutto, tomatoes, buffalo mozz, balsamic and pesto on a toasted garlic bread roll.  Definitely the best of our bunch. Worth $17? No.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=B-xHxG4KOPyuGfB477u8dANow we are too full of food and alcohol to even think about the damn desserts. So we did not partake. Cute experience? Yes. Would I come back? Nah. Not even for the frozen hot chocolate. I saw them make so many frozen hot chocolates and smores hot chocolates and sundaes, I feel like I had my fill.
3	I had seen Serendipity 3 for a long time in front of Caesar's Palace, but wasn't sure about going in. My wife tried to talk me into going for a long time now, so I finally gave in. We went for brunch. They have different menus for brunch, lunch and dinner. Upon entering I got the feel of an old time soda fountain. They do seem to have a lot of ice cream items on the menu at all times of the day. We were taken care of quickly after being seated. Our server was friendly and kept checking on us just about the time we needed something.I got a plate of extreme nachos. They were very good. They had just the right amount of beef and cheese. Next time I might ask for more Pico Da Gallo. My wife ordered the french toast log. That is just what it was. If you get the french toast log, make sure you have two or three friends who would like to share with you. It looked about an inch thick, three inches wide and about eight inches long. I tried the potato wedges that came with it and loved them. I had a hint of herbs and a nice crunch from the skins.Yes they have a big dessert menu, but we were just too full to try anything. Maybe next time.
5	Frozen hot chocolate is the best.
4	Frozen hot chocolate.It's not a milkshake, it's not a frosty, and it's not a malt. But it is the best reason to come here. If the wait is too long, use the take-out window and get yours to go. And try not to pay attention to the $10 price tag of a regular size, which even by Vegas standards is exorbitant.
3	Take a friend and split an entree.  I had a loaf of bread on my French toast entree.  It was pretty good but it seemed a bit dry.  I guess there's no easy way to batter a loaf of bread.
5	This restaurant was a great place to stop and have lunch during my Vegas vacation.Depending on the day you go and the number in your party, the wait time will be pretty long. It's a popular place! The atmosphere is just lovely! The decorations and settings are somewhat girly, but nice. There is also a bar with a TV for people who want to just get something at the bar. If you don't like loud music, you probably wouldn't like this place.I had the triple-decker grilled with tomato soup and it was DELICIOUS! We finished off with a frozen hot chocolate...again DELICIOUS! I was a little disappointed that we paid a dollar extra for Reese's toppings, but it came out with two small Reese's cups on it. Oh well...
4	it's always overwhelming when i come here. everything just feels so massive! like i'm gonna have a heart attack! it's good american food, but i can see why people can gain a lot of weight eating food like this everyday! haha, no offense. everything i've ever gotten here, i had to share. the BLT, the potato skins, buffalo wings, nachos, and i forget what else i've gotten. but if you're here, you definitely have to try the frozen hot chocolate! so yummy. and i've tried the frozen white chocolate. that was good too, but i say, share food with your friends and desserts too...that way you can try a bit of everything!
2	(~)- frozen hot chocolate(-)- overpriced- too much hype- long waitMe and my friend dropped by around 1230-1pm friday to try the frozen hot chocolate. There was a 20 minute wait (also a faster to go counter outside for those who didn't want to wait) which sucked since the place didn't live up to expectations.We split the frozen hot chocolate for two which was brought to us quickly. It wasn't bad but I thought it was waaay too sweet. And for 15 bucks? so not worth it. A better bet would probably be a sundae, those are also overpriced for what little you get but at least you'll get something that probably tastes better.bottom line: overrated and overhyped
3	A-OK.  I had high expectations for this place, why did you have to let me down?!  I ordered a chilli cheese hot dog, ehh, i think it is something anyone can make and the chilli was not even that good.  The bread was good though, tasted like it was freshly baked and had that lightly toasted texture.  Ordered a giant breakfast after a night of drinking- everything should taste good right?  But I felt it was just average for a pricey breakfast.  Basically nothing special about their food, but they are big portions and can be shared with 2 people.  So, in a way you are paying for what you get- half the price for half the taste quality.Also tried the original frozen hot chocolate-it's good, no doubt, but for $11, I can make this or get it cheaper elsewhere.  Sounds fancy, but really it's just a frozen chocolate drink! That's it!  Tried the frozen green tea hot chocolate-bad idea!  Too sweet and tastes nothing like green tea.  Artificial.  Overpriced.  Nothing special.
4	I wanted my first time to be in NYC, but I still had a great time at Serendipity 3 in LV.  I guess there's always a wait no matter what city you're in.  They only take RSVP 2 hrs. in advance at the earliest.  It was very windy the day my group and I went & everyone who waits, has to wait outside.  There was only 1 heat lamp next to the outdoor hostess (which you're not able to stand next to, but that doesn't matter b/c you can barely feel the heat since there is a tube around the stream of fire - probably for the drunkards who might decide to actually touch the flame).  ANYWAYS,  once we got seated indoors, the atmosphere seemed very open and whimsical-like.  The menus were HUGE & I was having a hard time trying to decide on what to chow down on.  Our waiter helped me with that and I went with the Crab Cake Burger.  Once it arrived it looked AMAZING and it tasted just that.  It came with a side of fries (I ordered steak) & a really yummy dipping sauce.  The burger came with arugula and bacon, too!  YUM!  Unfortunately, I didn't have enough room for the Frozen Hot Chocolate :/  But I did manage to try a spoonful from my friend and it just reminded me of chocolate ice cream or chocolate ensure.  EH.  However, I'm willing to give the frozen hot chocolate another try... one day.  I would definitely come back for their Crab Cake Burger though!  Food my friends ordered - The Hangover Omelet (HUGE), The Sliders (comes w/ 3 of them & they look like nothing, but they apparently filled her up, but she had to order a side of fries), The Grilled Cheese which came with a side of tomato soup w/ goldfish sprinkled on top - cute (she said the sandwich was REALLY GOOD), and The Chicken Strips (comes w/ 3 dipping sauces).The food IS on the pricey side, but the portions are huge.
2	I really wanted this to be like the one in NYC. I'm obsessed with that one, more than obsessed with their frozen hot chocolates. So, when they use a mix to make their drinks, one would assume they would be close to each other. They are NOT.  They are not only a lot smaller than the NYC version but they aren't as good.  There is something off with theirs.  However, it still somewhat satisfies the cravings when you can't get to NYC every weekend. If you can sit outside, do it.  You have a view of the entire strip and that makes it worth a little wait. Just don't eat there. The food in the NYC one was never great, and the LV isn't any different. LV has great restaurants, go to one of those and then here for dessert. If there is a long wait, don't wait around. Go to the bar, order it to go, and get out of there and enjoy Vegas!
3	Good cookie dough ice cream. My friends and I arrived too close to closing so we weren't allowed to come inside, but there was a to go window outside where we could order snacks, so that was a decent enough compromise. It was a little cold out for eating ice cream but there  was a tent nearby with heaters so we did okay sitting outside. I'd come back, definitely during working hours. ;)
3	eh...it's a good place to take your date.  especially if they're a big fan of the john cusack/kate beckinsale chick flick 'Serendipity'.Sure this is the LV branch of the famous NY spot, but it's much closer (for west coasters) if you're just looking to see what the hype is all about.And oh was it all hype...the food is just okay.  large, fatty portions of bar/grill/denny's type foods.  The 'hangover' omelet appealed to me in my hung over state and something about cheddar+fries+eggs+bacon screams out to me.  All-in-all it was okay, I fed much of my fries to the hungry birds that visited us on the patio.  They were stoked.Speaking of the patio...that was one of the best parts of experience here.  If you're one of the lucky few that gets a seat in the rear patio, you basically can people-watch all the craziness of the LV strip all while looking down on the passerbys.  fun stuff.The wait was about an hour for two.The super hyped 'frozen hot chocolate' was okay.  Basically an $11 glass of ice-blended chocolate milk.  Think mocha frap. from starbucks.  Whipped cream made up more than 50% of the whole dessert.  I didn't hate it.  Just nothing earth shattering here.
3	First off, the frozen Hot Chocolate is overrated, so don't go in expecting to be blown away. I found the other selections to taste better overall. I ordered the NY steak sandwich, and saw that this bad boy was $21. $21 for a sandwich?! This better be ginormous. It was. I had to tilt my plate to be able to give my friends room to eat. It contains a whole 10 ounce steak, with fried egg, bacon on a whole loaf of bread. This place is packed also during lunch hours so you may want to try and hit it up during off hours so u can avoid the crowd.
4	I came here two out of the four nights I was in Las Vegas, THAT'S how good it was.Their lettuce wrapped chicken was perfect, I wouldn't change anything about it! The other meal I ordered was a sandwich with prosciutto, mozzarella, etc. it was large enough for two people to share, and SO tasty!The indoor seating was nice and cutely decorated, and the outside had heat lamps around each table which made it a nice atmosphere.
3	Came here for lunch, but because of the 1+ hour wait, it became a late lunch. This was only for a party of 2 too (myself and boyfriend)! But things got better when we are guided to our outdoor table by a friendly waitress which immediately took our drink orders and brought us each a glass of water even when we didn't ask. We had a table outside right along the strip so it was quite a nice view; although, it was still a bit chilly even when they have some outdoor heaters, it wasn't quite warm enough.I know their frozen hot chocolate is their signature thing, but since I had tried it before at NY and didn't really think it was that special, I decided to pass this time. Instead, I ordered their chocolate french toast and my boyfriend ordered the One and Only Vegas Strip Sandwich. They have two separate menus (brunch and diner) the regular diner menu doesn't begin until 2PM so if you want more of an entree type of food, wait until thenIt took awhile for the food to arrive and when it came, I wasn't surprise at the portion of the plates. The sandwich stretched for miles and the french toast was a mountain high. Definitely be cautious of the big portion and plan to share, too much of one plate gets boring. The food was good, I enjoyed my french toast, but it was too much chocolate for me to handle so after a slice and a half. I had to call it quits and packed the rest to go (which I didn't even tried to finish).Over all, it was a decent experience, but I can't really make up my mind if it was worth the long wait. I'm on the fence, but you should try it to judge for yourself.
3	For a quick bite of over priced comfort  food, this is the place !! It's like applebees with linen napkins and fancy plates!! Tasty but not nothing special! The standouts were nachos!! Left with a full tummy!! But save your money and go to applebees!! Or if local take your out of town friends and have them pick up the check !! Lol thank you Caesar !!!
3	Definitely a much nicer looking Serendipity than the one in NYC. Cleaner, better decor, and a larger open space with more tables. We had to call ahead to make reservations for our group of 13. They take down your credit card and if you're late, they'll charge you a $25 fee. Eh no likey, but I suppose it works considering how busy they always are. We were 5 minutes early, and still ended up having to wait 25 minutes to get seated. So what was the point of reservations right?Anyhow...since I knew the food would take forever and a day to come out, I started right off with dessert instead - FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE...yummmmm...tasted just as good as when I first had it back in NY. I slurped that thing up within minutes and boy did it satisfy my sweet tooth. The whip cream even hit the spot!Brunch, however, is something that I would not come back for. Overpriced breakfast/lunch items that weren't even that tasty. I had the corned beef and potatoes with over easy eggs. I like corn beef hash much better and was actually disappointed when it came out with just the meat itself. Average I must say, nothing to rave about.The BF had the Fried Egg Benedict...another no-no. Wasn't feeling the gravy sauce, maybe because we were expecting some type of the the usual hollandaise sauce that egg benedicts normally comes with. The fried egg itself was dry and tasteless. It came with two benedicts, but he only ate one...tells you something about the food right?Overall...food was mehhh...not something I would ever come back for. BUT I would absolutely come back for another frozen hot chocolate though!
4	Frozen hot chocolate...yummers!
3	My friends and I came here for what we hoped would be a quick lunch.  Although I did not try their frozen hot chocolate (which they are apparently known for), my friend ordered it and it did look delicious.  I split the crab cake burger, which came with sweet potato fries, with a friend and I enjoyed it.  Unfortunately we did have to wait awhile for our food...This place is pretty pricey but it is worth trying out at least once.  Next time I go here, I do look forward to trying their frozen hot chocolates.
4	I must say, the portions are huge.  We had a party of six and ordered six different entrees. It was way too much food.  I had the French toast and it was delicious.  I would recommend coming here for breakfast because we weren't very impressed by the lunch menu.
4	I met some friends here for lunch during the holidays.  Although there was a rather long wait, the atmosphere was worth it!  We sat out on the patio which was nice since they had heaters making it comfortable even in December.  My husband and I shared the nachos for an appetizer and the buffalo chicken pizza.  The nachos had huge chunks of chicken which were delicious!  The buffalo chicken pizza definitely had a kick to it but since we are obsessed with buffalo sauce we loved it.  We also had the signature Frrrrozen hot chocolate and it was delicious.  We will definitely be heading back!
4	Never been to the one in New York but have seen many many pictures from friends who have been there. When I saw it in Vegas, I knew I had to try it! And I'm glad I did!I got the chicken pot pie and the boyfriend got a burger and the sweet potato fries. Loved my chicken pot pie. Boyfriend loved the sweet potato fries. And of course we had to try the frozen hot chocolate. AWESOME idea because it was DELISH! I'm not a big fan of chocolate so it's not very often that I would like chocolate things. But I do like hot chocolate and am now a fan of Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate. I would order something to eat with the frozen chocolate though, it can get a bit sweet after a while. So you need something to pair it with to help neutralize the sweetness.But yum! Would go back again! And definitely looking forward to going to the one in NYC when I get the chance!
4	Glad I don't have to go all the way to NY for a frozen hot chocolate. Yes the name sounds ironic but it is what it sounds like. Hot chocolate but frozen. I noticed they had other flavors which I'll have to try when I go back. The best thing about this place is, it's outside and has Togo service!Don't have to go thru the trouble of getting thru a casino to get this dessert drink.Located at the CP's casino.
4	Had to give the frozen hot chocolate a try. It was pretty damn good. We had it on a cold day in Vegas, so I know I need to get it again on a hot day. The size of the drink is monstrous! Maybe I'll have a meal here next time!
3	My friends and I stopped in for lunch since it was the first thing we saw while walking on the strip. Overall, the food was pretty average. My "hangover omlette" was massive and plain so I had to douse the whole thing with ALOT of hot sauce. The only thing that was over the top was their signature frozen hot chocolate. The prices are pretty high but it the portions compensated for it. You can most definitely share with another person. I will not be coming back for their food but for their desserts.
4	The BEST part was the frozen hot chocolate! I had to control myself in preventing a brain freeze but I couldn't help it.They serve brunch, lunch, and dinner. They have a variety of foods that range from spaghetti and meatballs to barbecued pork ribs. They are very popular for their over sized desserts. I have tried their classic sundaes and their very popular frrrozen hot chocolate. Yes, frozen and hot. I know...it's weird, but you just have to try it to understand it. It's a very interesting drink that tastes like cocoa in hot chocolate, but it's cold and consistent to a strawberry daiquiri. Very unique, indeed. The bartender who made our frozen hot chocolate was very friendly  which is always a plus. I think it's pretty convenient that they have a take out counter outside. The wait for getting a seat in the actual restaurant usually takes between 30 minutes to an hour, but there is plenty of seating in the surrounding areas to indulge in chocolatey goodness. With all the glitz and glamor of Vegas, this is a simple and fantastic dessert to have during your stay. i suggest coming early to beat the lunch rush. 1 star off for having overpriced food and drinks
2	Over priced and Over rated!!Frrrozen hot chocolate was okay. I would recommend it only because its not a common dessert, but just don't have high hopes. I love how Caesar's called it "the legendary favorite." Barney Stinson would not agree.  Its a bowl of chilled hot chocolate with a TON of whip cream on top and sprinkled with flakes of chocolate. That honestly describes it. Nothing special about it except for its height and price tag. Its $11 for a small and $15 for a large "for two to share". And FYI the large is perfect for three people, especially if your eating a meal here.Pesto Italian Pizza has a wonderful crispy crust, but it really lacked flavor. I'm assuming if pesto is part of the title then it would at least taste like pesto, but oh was I wrong.In and out does better burgers. Sorry, but I had to say it. Although you get a thick cut of beef patty, someone needs to tell them that quantity does not beat quality. The bread tasted old and it was soggy. My friend ended up eating it as an open face sandwich. The fries, on the other hand, was delicious. It was crispy and had a perfect golden yellow hue.The hot dog was just....a hot dog.Warning!! The bathroom is quite a distance away. You have to walk outside to get to it. And I have no idea why the floor on the patio was so slippery!Overall, the food didn't blow my mind and the service was good.
4	I went there w/ high expectations of the frozen hot chocolate.  I mean, it was one of Oprah's favorites.  It has to be good, right? It was good, not great.   Maybe it had something to do w/ sitting outside in 50 degree weather with a heat lamp next to us that didn't work.  Let's just say Leo, the best waiter ever, made everything better.  He recommended the hot chocolates.  Please do yourselves a favor and be sure to order the hot  chocolate.  It's aahhhmazing! All three of us ordered the hangover omelets.  Let's just say Leo questioned what we did the night before.  The omelets came with french fries, bacon and mushrooms.  All INSIDE!! And a side of fries.  OMG! The omelets were just okay.  It ended up being a french fry omelet.  Definitely the highlight was our hot chocolate and Leo.  If you go there and wonder if you see Leo.  Let's just say he's the waiter that's hustling to make sure all of his tables have drinks, food and the best part...dessert.
5	Always thought this place was overrated, but I finally decided to give this place a try and I wish I came here earlier! I was pushed to go here during my last Vegas trip because the hotel I was staying at gave me a coupon, "buy one entree, get a frozen hot chocolate for free." I definitely used that opportunity to its advantage since I always heard this place was a bit pricey!Little did I know though, that the portions are HUGE for such prices! I'm so glad my boyfriend looked around at other tables and their food, because we definitely ordered smart after his observation. We got the breakfast log (french toast, bacon, egg, berries, and potatoes) and of course, our free frozen hot chocolate.It was scrump-dee-li-ump-cious!  The potatoes were really, really good. And the bacon was cooked just right. French toast wasn't too sweet too... well, all-in-all, everything was made to perfection. It was definitely a topping to our morning, especially after a night of partying and little sleep. Made my tummy happy, that's for sure.And let me tell you about the frozen hot chocolate! It's THE BEST. Imagine, the taste of hot chocolate, but in cold slush with whipped cream and chocolate shavings on top. Mmmm. I'd definitely pay the $11 it costs next time I come around! Totally worth it.
5	After 3 long years living in Vegas, I finally decided to try the place out with a visiting high school friend and her friend. The moment we entered, we knew we couldn't expect any less of the place. Everything, from the table lamps to the walls to the paintings, was so cute! I think I may have spotted a number of teddy bears by the cashier! Good music especially after our not-so-fun experience at XS the night before (we aren't really techo house music fans) It was late morning when we got there and a lot of places were transitioning to their lunch menus already. Thank God this place serves omelettes the whole day and there weren't any lines so we waited about 5 minutes tops for a table, warmed comfortably by a fire lamp.As we got seated by a soft spoken waitress, we skimmed through the menu and for a second, thought about leaving because the items seemed pretty pricey. My friend and I ended up ordering the hangover omelette anyway and to my surprise, the portion was huge! We even joked about how it was bigger than my head. Our fascination only continued when we found that the eggs didn't only have a side of fries, they were also stuffed with potatoes and chesse! Halfway through it, we were so stuffed that we didn't get a chance to try the frozen hot chocolate. Nonetheless, this is a place worth checking out.
3	We walked in 30 mins before they close on a slow Monday night so I'm sure I'm missing out on their vibrant busy scene. I love the colors and the location of this cafe, you don't need to walk a mile to get inside Casesers Palace. They have heat lamps outside for those of you who enjoys sitting outdoor. We ordered the two person size Oreo frozen hot chocolate for $15. It is refreshing and delicious without being overly sweet (consider the mount of whipped cream on top). I still don't get the "hot" part but for a desert, it is very satisfying!Perfect for any group!
1	Planned a carb cheat day here for my Vegas trip. So disappointed in the desserts. Ice cream less than average. Ordered Blackout Sundae and husband ordered fried oreo sundae and we took a few bites and paid the bill. Burger and chicken sandwich were good but unimpressed with dessert and will not ever return.
4	I don't need to go to NY anymore for frozen hot chocolate! I've failed in coming here over 15 times I came to Vegas. I came here strictly for dessert. Talk about a sugar rush! It gave me the energy to walk around the strip, and then I crashed in the room. It's ok. It was worth it! I came here around 3 and the wait was over 45 minutes!Decor:Looks like it was decorated by females for females. White walls with a souvenir shop consisting of hello kitty, domo, and other dolls. Dessert:1) Signature Frozen Hot Chocolate - It's ok here. I've tried the one in NY and it's definitely not as good here. I'm pretty sure the other flavors are much better than the original.2) Hazelnut Amaretto Frozen Hot Chocolate - If you like the almond hazelnut amaretto flavor, this is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. If you're not familiar with the flavor, you'll become a fan. It wasn't too icy and it was perfectly blended.  It was a little sweet because of the whipped cream. I guess I should've requested no whipped cream.  I wish I had more room in my stomach for dessert!Service:Good and friendly service. All the staff members were very friendly and willing to help everyone out. If the wait is long, eat something quick inside Caesars and come back in time for your name to be called.
4	Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-um!I rarely walk the strip in Vegas. I rarely venture out before sunset. LOL. In Vegas.This time, awake and surprisingly not hung over, I was able to venture outside of City Center and explore a bit. Met my two bf's for mimosas and a late lunch. Our server was a super cool SF transplant. She checked on us often and kept the mimosa splits coming! I ordered the hearty chicken pot pie and tried the blackberry/peach mojito. Refreshing!Weather was mild and pleasant for Jan but the outdoor patio heaters kept us warm and cozy. 3-4 hours and $100 each later, we were ready to head back to CC and take a pre-party nap. Food was yummy and filling and I think I'll come back if I visit with kids. This place is a huge dessert themed restaurant so if you have a sweet tooth, the famous Frozen Hot Chocolate is a delicious treat for those chocholics out there!
4	Adorable place with a wide selection of food and their signature frozen hot chocolate.Came here with my friends during our Vegas trip because we wanted something small to eat before dinner (we planned on going to a buffet later on), but this turned out to be a huge detour for our stomachs and our plans - we were so full that none of us wanted to eat dinner when the time came!For lunch, I got the chicken strips (buffalo style - with buffalo sauce and celery/carrots with dip - was only $1 extra!) appetizer and was EXTREMELY full. I definitely recommend coming here with an empty stomach, because the food is delicious and comes in huge portions.My friends and I also got the frrrozen hot chocolates. I got the coffee one, but it didn't taste like coffee at all! My friend got a mint one that tasted really good. I think they're good but I'm not sure if the drinks are worth the price of $12 a person - they just taste like icy milkshakes? Hard to explain I guess. It's worth a try but I wouldn't order it repeatedly. The wait here is also very long - we came at like 2:30pm on a Sunday and we had to wait about 45 min just to get a seat. Come back and check very often - sometimes they just skip over you if you're not there.
4	Nice spot, we went here our first night in vegas, lots of good choices for food. Every time I asked my girl where she wanted to go eat she said here. LOTS of food, big portions, you will get full. She had the fettuccini alfredo, I had the spaghetti and meat balls, both yummy, and we were too stuffed to try dessert.  The hostess was a little attitude-y but the waiter was great. Worth trying when you can decide where to go.
2	I came here for a quick birthday treat with my friends and family. Hoping that Serendipity would live up to it's bragging rights as a great dessert shop, and at a really good location, I was slightly disappointed.Now, first, lets just talk about the positives about the shop. I think the frozen hot chocolates does live up to its expectation. It is amazing, and delicious! We had the classic Serendipity regular hot chocolate, and the amaretto hot chocolate. My favorite was the amaretto. I would definitely go back to try it again, and I can almost be sure that sometime soon I will crave for it (come spring or summer time). Judging by the price comparison that was described on the photo captions on their yelp page, and their menu, it looks like the prices have gone up. We paid $13  for the hot chocolate size that fits for two. The portion is big and it was good enough for three people to feel satisfied, and less guilty. The onion ring tower was ok. It is seasoned with grated Parmesan, and it comes with a BBQ and Ranch as dipping sauces. We also had the lobster and artichoke dip with bruschetta slices. That was about $13, and felt really robbed. 8 small pieces of bread and  miniature cup of dipping? I wanted to cause a scene for that ridiculousness! Now the bad side, the service is freaking horrible. I mean, seriously seriously bad. I'm pretty easy going and it's very hard to let me down, but on the day of my birthday when everything was going great the one thing that slightly destroyed it all was the service. The hostesses weren't really doing their job. We had no welcoming greet, no small talk, and I even saw frowns on their faces! Then, our server Jessie didn't really tend to us very much. She asked us only ONCE if we wanted more water and that was AFTER she gave us the check? She never even checked up on us, and the place was freaking slow! Her "have a nice day" just seemed so insincere and animated. I just felt like I was completely disregarded, and that I was some person who didn't deserve some decent service because I didn't "look" the part or something. I just felt so bad..i mean this is the second worst service I've ever had and the first was McDonald's! But I can't even blame them because they are probably slaving in the kitchen at a low paying wage! Work at McDonald's flipping burgers if you aren't gonna even TRY to give good service! For the price I fork up for freaking frozen hot chocolate I should at least get decent service.
4	Ee cha for mikes bdaygreat place for chicks... this one has a great view of the strip... cool hang out
5	OMG I came here for breakfast on a Sunday morning can I just say YUM!!! I intended on eating something breakfasty but the menu had so much to offer and I was so undecided until I saw the dessert part of the menu.  I ended up with a mimosa and the Creme De La Cream Cheesecake which was HEAVEN!!!! So I guess the mimosa was the breafasty thing.  I asked the waitress, who by the way was the coolest nicest person I met on my whole trip to Vegas, if the cheesecake was a NY cheesecake she replied "Yes, and its life changing!"  LOL that was all I had to hear I was all over it. This cheesecake was HUGE and was NY cheesecake at its best. I even had two people come over to my table to ask what it was.  Very creamy not too sweet had a nut crust instead of the typical graham cracker.  No way can one person eat it.  I ended up taking the rest to my room and had leftovers that night and in the morning and shared it.  The restaurant has great seating that looks right over the strip and we lucked out and got a perfect seat that was right on the edge.  There are also lounge type areas with heaters and is a really nice place to hang out.  All the dishes are large and the variety of the menu has something for everyone.  Come to eat or just for dessert either way you wont be disappointed.  They also have a walk up window in the back if you don't want for a seat you can order to go stuff there.  Come and check them out if you are in the area.
4	Came for breakfast with a larger group - be sure to call ahead because the line gets pretty ridiculous for brunch!I went with the Huevos rancheros , and it was delicious, however the portion size was significantly smaller than the other dishes ordered - not a big complaint by any means, but if you are starving might want to consider something else.Saw the Hangover omelet,  filled with fries, and just about everything else you would want after night of drinking!Also the french toast LOG, yes, a giant loaf of bread prepared as french toast, was also great. And if you order the "sausage" its basically bratwurst, also pretty good.Overall was a great filling meal, and good location to just about everything so if you are just starting off your day, this is a great place. As everything else in vegas, its expensive, but thats to be expected.  Overall, good, and would go again.
1	Seating took over ten minutes even though there were several empty tables available.  It was pretty hot outside - we were there in the beginning of June.  The staff, including manager, were apathetic about me and my family waiting to sit.  The hostess never called me; I continually had to go up to the podium to check.  The frozen chocolate was good (albeit pricey).   I was really quite aggravated by the way the staff did not seem to care about seating us and for that reason gave a 1 star.
3	This was the last place that I ate at in Las Vegas before my flight home. After a weekend of endless walking, buffets, and sight-seeing, I was ready to end my Vegas trip with a simple, light lunch. Even though this place was probably one of the cheapest places that I ate at in Vegas, the experience wasn't worth this price.We arrived at Serendipity 3 around noon and it was packed outside and inside. Choosing to sit inside, we got immediate seating. However, no server came to us at all for the first 15 minutes. Needing to catch a flight within 2 hours, I flagged down any random waitress nearby to take down our orders. She was incredibly polite and apologetic for our long wait (it took 30 minutes for our food to come out). I appreciated that she made a great effort to make sure we were satisfied with our experience. My boyfriend and I had a coupon that allowed us to get a free frozen hot chocolate as long as we ordered an entree. He ordered an "A.B.C." burger (avocado, brie, and caramelized onions) with steak as the meat (the other option is chicken) and his choice of steak fries for the side; I ordered a mac and cheese. Our total came out to be roughly $33 (without tip), which is unfortunately as cheap as it's going to get for a simple meal in Vegas (unless you choose something from Chinatown or McDonalds).A.B.C. Burger + Steak FriesI normally would never touch steak or any other beef item, but wow this burger was delicious. I had a nibble of my boyfriend's medium rare steak topped with melted brie and fresh avocado and loved the combination of A, B, & C in this burger. However, I'd say the BEST thing I ate for this lunch was the steak fries. They were meaty yet crunchy and salty but not thirst-inducing. I don't even know how to describe how wonderful the steak fries were. My boyfriend describes these fries as the best he ever had (next to the fries that he ate on one of his Celebrity cruise line cruises, which tasted incredibly similar). Mac & CheeseI don't know how or why Las Vegas activated my cheese addiction, but I couldn't resist ordering this simple comfort-food staple. The macaroni used for this dish was perfect: large tender shells that held the fluid, creamy cheese and slightly crusted on top. The metal pot that the mac and cheese was served in looked small, but, to my own surprise, this was the first time I didn't finish a cheese dish! I wish i had though (just writing about it right now is making my mouth water)! Frozen Hot ChocolateI was somewhat amused by the oxymoron in the name when I first heard about Serendipity's famous trademarked dessert. Contrary to its name, this dessert isn't actually frozen. But it truly is somewhat of a contradiction. It's frozen enough to be eaten with a spoon but melted enough to be drunk with a straw; it's cold enough to enjoy as a dessert but warm enough to enjoy as a sweet, creamy smoothie. My boyfriend claimed this dessert for himself, and even though it couldn't beat out the steak fries for best part of our meal, it came incredibly close. It's definitely a must-try if you're anywhere near Caesar's Palace and crave a unique dessert!
3	Get the frozen hot chocolate! The frozen hot chocolate, the coffee or mocha one is AMAZING! It was so good. The white chocolate one is not as good and very sweet. We had to wait for quite awhile for a table during lunch time. We were able to wait outside but luckily it wasn't a cold day otherwise we would have been freezing. The food is okay here, not amazing but definitely get the frozen hot chocolate!
1	overpriced, overrated and bad serviceMy family and I (5 with three kids) decided to try Serendipity 3 after reading some great reviews on it in our hotel places to eat booklet.  They had it rated with Bouchons in the Venetian which is an absolutely great place to dine.  Serendipity was horrible..overpriced very basic root beer floats and shakes that cost half the total bill.  I've had much better in Johnny Rockets or McDonalds(seriously) for shakes. Service was bad.  It took about 30 min for those basic root beer floats and shakes.  Then the food was bland with no taste..I had chicken pot pie, my wife had the don't be afraid of my alfredo....be afraid of the Alfredo.  Olive Garden is better.  All the entrees were bad except for my sons wings...they were ok...not good but ok.  Don't fool yourself..this is not a good place to eat.  Vegas has so many other better choices.
2	It was my first time to visit the place with my friends and we were allstarving after walking along the strip. We were told we had to wait for 30 mins which we thought was ok since we were all tired anyway and we can just sit outside. aft about 40 mins, we checked on it with t he hostess and we were told that we were called already and they will just put us again on the top list. We found this so impossible since we were just outside with othere who were on the waiting list. after about 5 mins, the lady showed us our table. I called oneof the hostess and told her that we are all ready to order. To our surprise she said "I am not your server" and left. We were all shocked and sat for 15mins asking ourselves who to call then when the hostess itself was not interested to help us?! We then called another girl and told her "Can we have someone who can get our orders?". Foodwise- it was A ok, i ordered the pepper vodka pasta. Proportion is average and foor was freshly cooked. My friend ordered the sundae thing and it was good. The waitress was checking on us from time to time which i think was good considering that we were stil not over with the hostess' attitude.I guess, the servers know that people will still go to their place and they dont have permanent customers since its a tourist's place that is why they are not after good customer service. My suggestion is, just  go for take out. Dine in experience is terrible!
3	Uh what can I say about Serendipity 3? Well the workers are friendly. The dessert? Well, nothing to write home about. It is located right in front of the Caesars Palace. Park at their garage, or valet park the car. No parking in front of establishment.
4	Try the central park omelet, it was delish!  The service was very good and fast.
2	I've been to Serendipity in NYC and thought it was pretty good--I even bought the packets to make my own hot chocolate at home!  But Serendipity 3's frozen hot chocolate could use some work.  It just tasted like chocolate milk from the carton that had been in the fridge.What I did enjoy was the carrot cake.  Yes, it's expensive but it's also enough to feed 6 people and it is actually moist and delicious without being too cloying.  The cream cheese frosting was also fantastic!  I wish I knew the recipe because it would go so well with red velvet cupcakes!So while I'd give the carrot cake 4 or 5 stars and the frozen hot chocolate about 3, the service is a 1.  The waiter we had was so rude.  My boyfriend and I wanted to share the small 10 oz frozen hot chocolate and the waiter would not stop insisting that we order the larger one.  Even after I told him *repeatedly* that that was what we wanted, he would not let it go.  Seriously?  Funny how he didn't bother mentioning how ridiculously large the carrot cake was!  Seems like these waiters are just hungry for more tip.
5	Finally made it to Serendipity LV (for breakfast) and was very impressed. From the strip view, the eye candy begins. Didn't mind the short wait. Got a chance to absorb the ambiance and enjoy a bloody mary at the bar. Haven't seen it made w saracha... it was delish! Got seating outside, perfect view of the strip. Ordered the crab cake eggs benedict. I order crabcakes (only if lump crab) everywhere!... theirs ranks #2 on my list. (#1 crab cakes... undeniably, Gulf Stream, Newport Beach ) Real lump, little to no bread crumbs. Superb! Eggs on the benedict perfectly cooked. A+ and def bringing friends back to try. Also order the banana cream waffles to complete the sweet and savory combo. Topped w berries was a good touch. Excellent but wish I ordered something like a crepe instead. Not sure if there's crepes on the menu. Too full to get the ever so raved about frozen hot coco... next time ;)
3	I tried Serendipity twice and both times I thought the frozen hot chocolate was just average. It was most likely overhyped which caused these unattainable expectations in my head. With all the hype surrounding it  I thought they might have used some crazy liquid nitrogen machine to give it some crazy textures and bring out different flavors in the chocolate.No, it's just a very sweet milkshake which is dressed up with whip cream and chocolate shavings. It tastes good, very sweet and basically is what you expect after reading the ingredients and the preparation process.I'd give it a 2.5 after all is said and done, and bump it to a 3 for location. Caesar's palace can be quite the adventure, I'm glad Serendipity is right int he front and easy to find.
4	well, the steak that i ordered was good, the nachos is super large and really delicious. however, the frozen hot chocolate is good but not as good as i expected to be.
5	Everytime i comes to VEGAS i come hereSO IN Love with their Frozen Hot CHOCOLATE and their FOOT LONG DOG....price is a little pricy but lol its VEGAS..what do u expect
3	Ok.  So I went to Serendipity 3 this past Sunday...  I swear I walked out with diabetes.  It was Superbowl Sunday and after the game when my wife and I arrived.  The place was not all that busy and I'd say that maybe 1/2 to 2/3 of the tables were full.  I found it odd that even with empty tables they made us wait for a seat.My wife and I went with the "legendary" ($11) Frrrrrozen Peanut Butter Hot Chocolate and the ($15) Fried Oreo Sundae.If I ever come to Serendipity again I'll definitely pass on the Frrrrrozen Hot Chocolate.  It was ok but I found it to be a little ho-hum.  And I'd rather apply that $11 to something else on the menu.As for the Fried Oreo Sundae... That - that, I would get again.  What a decadent dessert!  It really is hard to beat cookies-n-cream ice cream, marshmallow cream, and whip cream.  Then throw on five fried Oreos.  Holy hell!  I could eat a plate of those.  Over all this place was pretty good, and the service ok.  I just found it painful to pay so much for seemingly simple desserts.
4	Although this place is known for their sundaes, we ordered their crab & spinach dip and spaghetti & meatballs! Both dishes were really good! Other than the noise level being echoed at times, customer service was great! Definitely coming back! NOTE: restroom is located outside by the double doors.
3	Didn't really try any of the food, just the desserts. This place has good desserts but a lot of it is definitely hyped up. I guess one of the things you need to try is the Frozen Hot Chocolate but it's really not that special. It's basically a hot chocolate powder, milk and blended with ice. I mostly enjoyed the deep fried Oreos which were pretty awesome. Having been here twice, I will most likely not return. Max Brenner's inside the Forum Shops is way better.
4	i'll just break it down really quick.we ordered:frozen hot chocolate: delish! it was so good i wanted to order another one.oreo milk shake: eh' i've had better. empire state onion rings (i think they're called): super good. the batter is really good and i usually don't even like onion rings! foot long hot-dog with nacho cheese: i was kind of disappointed. the hotdog was huge indeed, but it lacked flavor & the cheese was kind of cold.crab cake burgers: never trying this again. our waiter though, was amazing. he was so nice & funny!!
4	I'm addicted to Serendipity 3's frozen hot chocolate.I've had the kobe sliders, crab cake salad, thai beef salad, caesar salad, seasonal ahi taco appetizers. I love them all but the kobe sliders are always a must have for me.They are so cute and remind me of crabby patties off of Sponge Bob. The crab cake salad is my favorite of them all, the crab cake is really moist and creamy. Another one of my must have appetizer is their ahi tuna tacos, but they're only seasonal. It's raw chunks of tuna with a sweet salsa on mini hard shell tacos. Every time I come to Vegas, I have to stop by. The restaurant is super cute and makes me feel like I'm in my dream play house. The service is always great. The only bad thing about Serendipity 3 is the wait to be seated and the prices are a bit pricey, but hey you're in Vegas.
2	Had some friend in town so we thought why not trying something different and we read about the frozen hot chocolate.  So we came to see what it was all about.  So first off when we got there small 5 min wait.  Not too bad.  Then started out with onion rings with Parmesan cheese.  That was pretty good.  Then for entrees my girl had the Jumbo lump crab cakes (way to salty) with a whole grain mustard sauce and whole grain mustard Cole slaw.  I had the "Full Monty" Chicken, arugula, grilled red onions, bacon, and cheese on a ciabiatta roll.  ***The Bad***Chicken grilled to saw dust stage way to dry.  This chicken was so over cooked that it took me a good minute to saw through it after I took it off the sandwich so I could eat it.  The bacon was old and stale. The BBQ and the ciabitta was a little over board.   The only thing that made me give them 2 stars was the onion rings.   Even then ranch and BBQ with Parmesan Cheese dusted onions rings is a pretty lame excuse for not being creative.  This is a dessert only place so don't get your hopes up for anything more.
3	My girlfriend and I had to stop here on our trip to Vegas because we had seen the place on an animal planet show called "Tanked" They supposedly had a really cool fish tank that is a gumball machine. Unfortunately it was not to be found. The food was awesome. The mac and cheese was so good. My girlfriend got a really good turkey sandwich. We got the frozen hot chocolate. It was good but I would probably just call it tasty chocolate milk, nothing to really rave about. My girlfriend ordered a cotton candy martini which was so cool. They poured the martini into the glass that had the cotton candy in it. The cotton candy disintegrated and turned the drink blue. It was incredibly tasty.
1	What a cute Name! Serendipity... sound like you are getting dipped in chocolate or something,..lol.. just based on this cute name alone I would have totally checked out this place! Unfortunately my experience was not as cute at the name... the restaurant was not busy at all but after we got seated.. it took a loooong time for the server to come to our table. To the point where i told my husband, if they dont come in the next minutes let just go...and of course, she comes...I ordered the hot chocolate ( since i was freezing) and this big cup full of ice cream, chocolate fudge and whip cream, my husband ordered a martini. Ive been with my husband long enough to know that he likes his martini shaken hard so there are bits of ice in the glass.. and i guess that makes the martini taste really good..for him. But at the same time.. you have to take the martini to him right when it is done, because the ice will melt and get the drink all watery.. no one likes that.. Yes kind of picky.. but everyone has their preferences when it comes to drinks...I saw the bartender make the drink... or rather heard him..shake it hard and there it sat on the counter waiting and waiting once again for our server who was M.I.A.. It was sooo long that i decided to get the drink myself from the bar counter. The bartender i think also knew it was a while because he kept moving the drink forward for someone to take it..when i went up, he was nice enough to apologize and bring the drink. Right after that the server comes in and brings the hot chocolate and the ice cream. Im not sure if my taste buds were off by then because of the bad service that we got.. but everything was just sweet... hot cholocate was like the one from the package that you add water..and ice cream was ice cream...Not asking for a whole lot.. just be attentive to your tables... expecially if it aint that busy!
5	A good place to eat by in the heart of the strip of Las Vegas. The place had a casual- kicked back diner atmosphere. Our server was really nice and helped us pick our food from the menu (there were an array of mouth watering foods to choose from) The food is just worth your $$! Just the appetizer alone was enough to fill our starving tummies! The entree was great but the dessert is where the money is at!! will definitely come back here to eat.
3	What can I say, each time I'm here there's always a wait. But that's pretty much all the negative I have about the place.  The food here comes in large portions that even someone like me will have a hard time finishing.  I ordered the strawberry milkshake and the spicy penne pasta with huge uncut prosciutto and mozzarella laid over the top, and my gf ordered the wood grilled salmon item (I think it's the only salmon featured item in the menu). So now it's been three days and I can't stop thinking about the milkshake. The pasta on the other hand was so much that I couldn't even try to finish half of it after sharing a caesar salad with my gf.  I didn't think much of the salmon but my gf ended up finishing her meal completely.The biggest thing to take note of this place is that food comes in larger than expected portions. It's a good thing, but dangerous when eat your entire meal and you realized you have to talk two Vegas blocks back to your hotel.
1	The wait is too long! You wait way to long for mediocre food, if anything just get the frozen hot chocolate otherwise everything else is a waste!
3	Myself and a friend were in Vegas  2/12/12 through 2/16/12. On Tuesday the 14th we decided to have breakfast at Serendipity. I had the eggs benedict which was fantastic. Everything went as it should for that visit and left me thinking that I would like to come back before we leave town.On Thursday the 16th we went back to Serendipity to have breakfast. From the start this visit was less than acceptable. Upon our arrival the hostess and another female employee were talking at the hostess counter. We walked in and I said good morning after it was apparent that they were going to finish their conversation before greeting or seating us. Once we got seated it was near ten (10) min. before the waiter Kevin made his way to our table. He appeared to be professional on the surface. He took our drink orders and went to get them. I had coffee and my friend had water. Another five (5) min. passed then he returned with our drinks. At this point we realized that service was not going to be his strong point, so we made sure that we were ready to order. The wait for our food was well within the acceptable time period. After drinking my first cup of coffee while eating my breakfast I began watching for Kevin to ask for more coffee. After more than five (5) min. I stopped another female waitress and asked her for more coffee. She was happy to get more coffee for me and did so fairly quickly. Unfortunately there were a lot of coffee grounds in the coffee and dribbled on the table as well. Several min. passed then I finally saw Kevin and stopped him to ask for another cup due to the grounds issue. From that point forward the visit was unacceptable!!!!! Upon expressing my dissatisfaction over the service and the coffee grounds in the coffee, Kevin rather than being apologetic decided to cop an attitude about it. I am a business owner and would not tolerate this type of behavior out of an employee of mine. Long and short of this is that all Kevin had to do is apologize for the lack of timely service and get the coffee. end of story!!! After the complete bomb dropped by Kevin another male employee came out and stopped at our table and looked at me as if to say oh you are the one Kevin had a issue with..All that said I still gave the restaurant three out of five stars because of the food quality and the service that I received on my first visit.One last note the table beside up waited much much much longer for service form Kevin and were noticeable irritated as well.
3	I came here for a cup of frozen hot chocolate that I had heard about like ten years ago, where it was featured in some magazine or other, when they were located only in NYC. Though I thought it was good and the restaurant had a nice staff in the side snack bar and had a cute, kitschy look overall, I still think it is a little silly to pay $9 or whatever it is for a beverage that some might view as a cousin of the mocha frappucino. The chocolate used is yummy, the whipped cream is fresh, and the cool contrast of a rich drink you'd expect to have warm is appealing, but it's hard not to overlook this place as just an overpriced Vegas tourist trap. Not to mention you're gonna need a fat water to actually quench your thirst after slamming down one of these. Maybe we'll go back and order food next time, but there are so many better, more unique, restaurants to choose from.
5	Was here on a Friday the 17th of February and it was a really good outing. I had the Cookie Sundae and I have zero complaints about it at all. Would recommend and come back again
2	Such hype.Came here to take a break after killing it at the tables @ Caesars.  Ordered a bit of everything.  Nothing here is great or special.  Just okay...  If you factor in the prices, it's a rip even by LV strip standards.Frozen hot choco would only be something special if you were living in a cave.  On Mars.Service was horrible.  Never saw the waitress again after our order was dropped off.  I left more than enough cash, and had to let another waitress know about it.Stupid thing is, I might just go to the one in NYC next month to compare!
2	I was raped at Serendipity 3.Wallet raped, that is.The reason it scores only 2 stars: The wait is almost always AT LEAST one to two hours, so you really have to plan on when you want to visit. The burgers aren't fabu, but the breakfast is cool. They don't always have the outside seating available, which is so dumb - it just increases the wait time. The food is good but it's doggone expensive. I got four sliders the size of Susan B. Anthonys for $13. THIRTEEN DOLLARS!!!!! The price of two 'meals' (a hamburger and fries, sliders, a soda, and a Frrozen Hot Chocolate? $60. SIXTY BUCKS!!! I'm enraged! And I'm still hungry!!If you're in Vegas, seriously...you have to visit this place. Just save yourself from being annoyed and wallet-raped. Eat here for breakfast, or eat before-hand and satisfy your Serendipity craving with a Frrozen Hot Chocolate.
3	When I first heard about Serendipity 3 in New York, I saw it in a movie and read about their famous Frozen Hot Chocolate online. When I found out that they were opening one in Las Vegas, I really wanted to try it. So the next trip I took to Las Vegas, I wanted to make sure I went to Serendipity 3.My boyfriend and I took a spontaneuos trip to Las Vegas sometime last August. We just got out of Madame Tussaud's Wax Museum and we walked towards Caesar's Palace where Serendipity 3 was. Yay!! When we arrived it was around lunchtime and it was very busy. We asked how long it would be to get a table. The hostess said about half an hour to 45 minutes. We didn't want to wait that long just to get their Frozen Hot Chocolate, so the hostess suggested that we order from their take out window, which was near by. So we ordered the dessert from the window and got our treat in a large take out cup. I was actually looking forward to getting it in their glass cup.. oh well. Took our first sip and it was yummy.The next day, we came back to dine in. We weren't that hungry, but we wanted something small to eat, so we ordered their Safe at Home Kobe Beef Sliders. 4 small tiny burgers with American Cheese and a smear of Bacon Aioli on the plate. They're much smaller than your average slider and at $12 a plate, I don't think I'll be ordering that again if I decide to come back to Serendipity 3. We also ordered the Frozen Hot Chocolate after, of course. The cup makes it look like you're getting a lot, but don't let it fool you. It's really not that much. But, boy did it look good. A mountain of whipped cream with chocolate shavings on top. A little bit expensive for hot chocolate blended with ice, but what can you do.
1	SOOOO DISAPPOINTED...Came here with my hubby about a month ago. We waited about 15 minutes to be seated and almost 20 minutes to be served.. that was really retarded... I was so excited to try their frozen hot coco and my hubby ordered their sliders... *sigh*... we might have as well gone to sonic or something rather than throwing our money away at this stupid place. The frozen hot chocolate a regular mild shake that didnt even taste good and their sliders were sooo bland that i had to drench it with the whatever sauce that it came with... SERVICE SUCKED SOOO BAD... HORRIBLEFOOD WAS BLAHFOOD WAS EXPENSIVE
5	So my boyfriend and I decided to try this place on Saturday and we are glad we did! We had to wait for about 20 minutes to be seated, but it made sense. Saturday night in Vegas, what good restaurant wouldn't be packed at 7pm? Once seated my boyfriend and I decided to order from their monster meal deal menu. Basically, they have a list of appetizers and entrees that you can choose from for $20. He ordered the spaghetti and kobe beef sliders for both of us. When the food came out, we noticed that only one order was brought out. The waiter had misunderstood and thought we wanted one order to share. Even though it was our fault, he gave us a free frozen hot chocolate for two for having to wait!!- The Kobe Beef Sliders were deeelicious. The sauce that they have inside of the sliders and on the place is perfect. It added the right amount of flavor to an already flavorful patty.- The spaghetti was very flavorful. The monster meatballs were a PERFECT combination of veal, pork, and beef (the meat lover's dream!). They were extremely flavorful. The noodles were thicker than most spaghetti noodles, but cooked perfectly making the dish very filling.- The frozen hot chocolate is definitely a must try. The frozen chocolatey goodness was topped with whipped cream and chocolate shavings. We ate/drank the whole thing!- The root beer! The root beer was different from most root beers I've had at restaurants. It was very soft and had a slight creamy taste to it. It was very good.I would definitely come back here again to eat, but I would make a reservation next time I plan on doing so.
1	O m G. Wow. Ordered the Caesar salad w/ chicken. $17. It took like a 1/2 hour-45 mins. Wasn't even an actual salad. Just peeled and very soggy whole lettuce leaves...wth?!! Did not come with croutons but a piece of bread that was suppose to pass for croutons. Waited a while and order the Famous Frozen Hot Chocolate...very sloppy and I was very disappointed. The tower of whipped cream fell over right after I got it and it was just melting down the sides of the glass. On top of the good things I had heard, it's just a fancy $10 ice cold chocolate milk. Might try the Serendipity in NY but def won't come here again. Paid $30 total for lettuce, Sierra Mist and chocolate milk.
2	My wife wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate.  We ordered the size for 2 for $15.  It was good but wasn't that special in terms of a chocolate type smoothie.  Imagine a gigantic wendy's smoothie except half the cost.  The portions at this place are huge for the food, I saw people order various things like nachos, burgers and foot long hotdogs.  I went outside and looked at the menu prices and was shocked.  $17 for a burger, $14.50 for a footlong hotdog?  Are you kidding me?  Wow.  This would have to be my last resort before dropping $50 before tax and tip on a burger, hotdog and dessert for two.  It would have be kobe beef on everything, including the dessert :)
5	Ahhh the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate debate rages on with all these reviews. Can't read 1450 reviews, but i have never encountered a breakfast dish as tasty and unusual as the Frrrrrozen Hot Chocolate....wait for it......French Toast. It was actually triple stacked and the bread must have been dipped in the stuff and grilled which killed the grainy flavor that is found in the drink (I tried a shot of the stuff which was included in my Restaurant week 3 course breakfast). Ok back to this breakfast masterpiece which was topped with some chocolate syrup, whipped cream, a load of fresh strawberries and the pista resistance - whole pistachio nuts. I sent a photo of this thing to people and some thought it looked like a giant hamburger. You barely will need the maple syrup and this is just clearly something you can't find anywhere else. For rest. week, it was packaged with an outstanding triple berry smoothie ($6 normally) and then the third couse was mini-chocolate chip cookies filled with cookie dough ice cream (solid). Tourists don't care what they pay for food, but this is worthy for a locals investment also and the calories are worth skipping a few meals after (i finally had another snack 10 hours later is how full I was!). Outside dining is the way too go and service was friendly as well.
1	I rate this a 1 star because of their crappy service.  45 min wait they said at the door for just me????  I walk through the restaurant to access the strip and I see table upon empty table.  Someone needs to fire a GM and hire some staff.  I hope to try the food one day, perhaps at the real one in LA will be better.
1	If you're from New Orleans, or love New Orleans food, do NOT waste your time. The breakfast was very disappointing.  The service was slow and not friendly. Coffee is $4 a cup, which they do not fill all the way and there are no free refills.
3	Serendipity is just a walking contradiction.  I mean honestly, who the hell can imagine a "Frozen" hot chocolate?And then you remember there are things such as fried ice cream in this world, as well as the insane level of heat in the Vegas dessert that makes all of these preconceived notions go away.Alas, Serendipity has helped me combat my drunken state with some very tasty desserts.  The actual restaurant inside looks far too expensive for what you get, but the express booth outside will do just fine.  Clearly the most popular item here are these frozen hot chocolates, which is mostly an iced chocolate smoothie to soothe your dehydrated self.It'll set you back about $10, but I'd say it's worth it!  The chocolate goodness of the drink definitely cools you down, at least long enough for you to head into one of the air conditioned casinos.  Don't forget to also order a side of fries.  Ice cream goes SO well with frozen desserts such as this, and you can't hate it til you've tried it.The only gripe I have about Serendipity's express-lane is that it's also another contradiction... the wait is LONG!  You're looking at a 30 minute wait as it is before getting your order in, even when the line seems short.  Then you're expected to wait another 10-15 minutes before the actual drink comes out.  A bit ridiculous if you ask me.But despite it all, I'm sure I'll be sipping on another one of these again soon.  Note for next time- grab some kahlua or bailey's and mix it into the drink.  Get twice the fun!
3	Food is so so but the ice cream is great! Great place for tweens.
4	What can I not say about this place?? I know that this place is mostly known for its desserts, but since I'm not a big dessert fan, I think it's important to point out the underestimated food. The food is pretty decent, and I usually only come here for one...or two reasons. I absolutely LOVE their "Don't Drop Your Skirt" steak. It's a skirt steak with chimichurri sauce. Whatever marinade they're using for that skirt steak is divine. What makes this dish better though is if you pair it with their truffle mac & cheese. If you're going with one other person, the best thing to do is order both and share it. Let me tell you, it's worth it. Everytime I bring someone here, we won't order anything else. They have a full bar inside and they're also known for their mojitos, which are very good. I recommend the blueberry peach mojito!! Be careful though, they tend to use so much mint that it can get stuck in your straw. The reason why I did not give this place the full five stars is because the service is a hit or miss. I understand that they're a busy place but our waiter took so long to ask us for drink orders, forgot our drinks, and then didn't even check on us during our meal. He also took so long with our checks. And stuff like that happens usually happens whenever I'm there. Other than the service, this is a place you definitely must try whenever you're in Vegas. Whenever my friends are in the area, we always make it a point to come here!
3	Came here with friends after one highly recommended the cold hot chocolate.Before I continue the rest of the review, I want to let people know what they mean by frozen hot chocolate. The flavors other than chocolate DO NOT have chocolate in them. Thus the amaretto version is really just almond flavor and not chocolate. If you want mixed flavors, let them know.Now onto the experience. The restaurant is a pink and white diner with lots of cookie artwork on the wall and checkerboard tables. Our group of 5 ordered 2 of the frozen hot chocolates for 2. I sampled the amaretto one, which was pretty good. The size of the dual cup seems large as they top it with a lot of whipped cream, but I would say the cup is not much more than 20 ounces, which is unfortunate for the whopping $15 they charge for the cup.In terms of food, I tried their chicken wings and fries. Their steak fries were pretty good, with good seasoning. Their chicken wings--HIGHLY recommend them! They were nice and spicy, and their was a light honey taste underneath that seemed to come from a primary marinade before they are deep fried. These were also the juicy kind of chicken wing filled with meat.Overall, the dining experience is good, but since the frozen hot chocolate is the draw, I'd say be careful of having too high of expectations. It's a glorified milkshake. Some of the sundaes also looked really good, and may be of more "substantive" value. I still may be back for the wings :P
1	I do not know what is going on with this place but I've had two recent bad experiences with the walk-up  the window service.  Yes, two, I don't learn very quickly.   I've ordered ice cream from the window twice while walking on the Vegas Strip.  The first time I waited over 20 minutes to order.  No big deal since I was just people watching and enjoying the weather.  After another 15 minutes of waiting at window #2 a delicious ice cream appeared.  I will give them credit for a yummy ice cream sundae.Round two was the same routine of waiting with a crowd that was becoming restless and angry for over 30 minutes.  This time when my ice cream sundae finally appeared it had the wrong flavor ice cream.  I had ordered vanilla and it was chocolate.  No biggie, who doesn't like chocolate?  Then I discovered it was all melted and ruined.  Threw it in the trash (after eating the whipped cream off of course).  No way I could have gotten through the angry mob to ask for a replacement.  The price of a sundae is $10.00.  Geez, I'm a sucker right?  I plan to write Caesar's Palace and ask for a $10.00 credit.  I love the Qua Waters Spa and I think that's where I would use the credit.  Wish me luck!
5	Valet at Ceasars Palace and a short walk will get you to Serendipity 3.  20 minutes wait time for our party of 5 and well worth it! We ordered 3 things to share: The New York Steak sandwich with cheese and over easy egg between 2 long (i'd say at least 1 foot) loaves of garlic bread, the crab cakes, and the original frozen hot chocolate.  The place is not as quaint and intimate as NYC's restaurant. Merchandise available was different than the Las Vegas store.  We bought some dry powdered hot chocolate for $5.95 each great fit for packing in your luggage.
4	good service and large portions of food during brunch =] we had a minor hiccup when my friend got a over cooked steak sandwich but it was quickly taken care of and the manager came out to see how we were doing afterwards. AND she took it off the bill which was so nice! =]
2	I've been wanting to try this place because it's so popular in NY, and this location is as close as I can get to it :P  Everyone talks up the 'frozen hot chocolate' so we definitely had to try it.  I love hot chocolate, and this was a different experience - but it's one of those 'you have to try at least once' things.I wish I had a mojito instead because everyone says they're known for it - but the likely hood of coming back here is slim to none for me.   I love chocolate and have a big sweet tooth - but I just wasn't impressed, the food was mediocre and the service was just OK.
4	Another round with S3 and still a satisfied customer. Their Triple Decker Grilled Cheese with tomato soup was incredible, not to mention cheesy. NOM. I also liked their Mac & Cheese with pancetta bacon. I'll have to get a full order for myself the next time, and of course their frozen hot chocolate. Sharing is strictly optional with me on that one. I can put it away all by myself, thanks. And if the frozen hot chocolate is the only thing you're craving, take advantage of their window at the side of the restaurant and order one to go.
1	I can't recommend Serendipity 3 for anything but going there just to say you did.  Our service was TERRIBLE, it took probably about an hour and a half to get our food (and we went in between the breakfast and lunch crowds) and one of the meals was sent back.  The prices are astronomical, which I'm sure is because of the name and not because of the quality.  My egg-white omelette was not good enough to be $14, I'm sorry.  The mother/daughter duo that I went with ordered the shrimp fritatta ($18) and on their plate was a small egg-white omelette, one large shrimp cut in two, one asparagus spear and covered in a huge helping of arugula lettuce.  They ended up sending it back because, well, it had one shrimp and one spear of asparagus.  When they asked to order something else because it wasn't what they thought it was, we received a snotty response from the server.  Let's just say our 9% gratuity was about 4% more than he should have received.  The best item our group received was the kid's fruit bowl for the 3-year old in our group.
5	We recently went on a work trip to Vegas and stayed at Caesars Palace. We had the afternoon free so we decided to check out Serendipity 3. We had to wait 45 minutes for a table of 4 but it was well worth the wait. Our waited Leo was awesome!! His great service elevated our experience! We had yummy frozen hot chocolate, huge burgers, and then finished the meal with a surprise GIANT doughnut that our waiter presented us with. It was delish! I highly recommend this restaurant!
5	if only i could consume chocolate id be in heaven.  the thai beef salad is to die for. the hot tea is amazingly good.  wish they had booths in the joint. always very crowded. waited almost an hour and a half to get in..... worth the wait!
2	Dear Serendipity, You suck. Craig R. I had wanted to try their famous frozen chocolate drinks and massive sundaes for a long, long time. When I was in Vegas a few weeks ago, my group of four went to the restaurant at about 10:15pm on a Friday night. When I walked in there were many tables open in the main dining room and on the outdoor patio. When I asked how long the wait was for my party I was told forty minutes. I wasn't sure I heard the hostess correctly so I asked "I'm sorry, did you say forty minutes?" To my question the hostess rudely replied "YES, I DID. Just wait outside and we'll call you when we have a table available". Once outside we encountered a couple also waiting for a table and they said they had already been there twenty minutes and they had seen many diners leaving but they still had not been seated. After waiting about ten minutes (the couple still had not been called in) my group and I decided to just go to their walk up window. We ordered one large frozen peanut butter hot chocolate, one regular frozen hot chocolate and a chocolate cake sundae. The large frozen PBHC was huge and pretty damn tasty but I was so disappointed I didn't get to try it in one of their big glass mugs topped with mounds of whipped cream. The regular frozen HC was decent sized too and equally as tasty. Honestly though, I felt they charged too much for their to-go drinks. The price for the to-go drinks are the same as if you were to get them in the restaurant. Since you're not getting the true Serendipity experience I thought they'd at least cut back the $13 price tag for the large drink ($10 for the regular). The sundae wasn't very good. The piece of cake in the sundae seemed like it had been setting out a while. The cake itself was a tad stale and slightly crunchy. At least the guys running the to-go window were friendly. I'm still not sure why the wait was so long when they had so many open tables. I saw a bunch of servers when I was putting my name in so I don't think they were understaffed or anything like that. After looking over the many reviews on Yelp I see a lot of people complaining about the bad service they received. Maybe Serendipity thinks because they are so popular they can treat people like garbage because they will never be hurting for business. If that's the case, which I'm assuming it is, then they can take their big frozen hot chocolates and shove it up their behinds. Besides, Max Brenner is only five minutes away from here and I know from experience that they truly care about their customers and that their products, especially their shakes, are top notch. I wouldn't return to Serendipity's now if you paid me. They suck.
4	Love this place! Came here specifically for dessert. Comes in this huge bowl of ice cream, enough to share amongst three people (or maybe three tiny asians haha). Ordered the green tea and the peanut butter and it was soooo good! a bit overpriced (i think it was like $11 bucks? for one mug of ice cream, but it IS vegas...expect a wait time to be seated.
1	This place is horrible.  I have been to Vegas tons of times and every single time I went I always wanted to try it so I finally did and I was so disappointed! from the strip it look cool but the food is like whatever and extremely over priced!  I guess I was disappointed because I expected so much more since it look nice off the strip.
4	You know how i like my 10 oz NY strip? With 3 eggs over easy, 4 slices of assorted cheese, and 6 slices if bacon. And put on a loaf of garlic bread and call it a sandwich, even though it would be physically impossible to pick it up...Oh hello!
4	I had made reservations for 11:00am a few days before we went to Las Vegas to make sure we did not have to wait in line.  We arrived at 10:45am in the chance we could get seated early and saw there were quite a few tables open.  There were people waiting outside to get in as they were walk-ups and had placed their name on the waiting list.  We saw table after table fill up with walk-ins, even seating a couple that had just walked up to the hostess that moment and were seated before us.  After 11:00am, I checked in with the hostess again about our request for seating outside with a view of the strip, and I was told I would be seated sahortly. Five minutes later, we were eventually seated outside with the view, which was very pleasant, along with the weather.  From that point on, the experience was great. We ordered the grilled artichoke with remoulade, an order of the pank crusted mac and cheese with truffle oil, sweet potato fries, and the double frozen hot chocolate for two.  The food was very good, much better than I expected. The artichokes were seasoned and grilled nicely, with a nice smokey flavor, and plenty of yummy dipping sauce. The macaroni was rich and decadent which the kids said was the best ever. The sweet potato fries came in this cute little [ail, and were crispy and well done.  The frozen hot chocolate was as good advertised, with whipped cream and pieces of chocolate in the drink.  The waitress service was friendly and efficient and provided our family with a great experience after a rough start.
3	When I saw the sign for Serendipity from afar, I was beyond excited. "Boyfriend, look! SERENDIPITY! I DIDN'T KNOW THEY HAD OTHER LOCATIONS BESIDES NEW YORK!!!" After watching the movie, Serendipity, with Kate Beckinsale and John Cusack, I've been obsessed with wanted to go to that place, and always assumed that it was only in New York. I was able to get that Serendipity-fix taken care of during a quick vacation in Las Vegas. Don't come here and expect to get a table right away, this place is constantly PACKED. Our party of 6 had a 40-minute wait before we got seated. So if you're a hungry-beast, don't go here. Not only that, their service is S-L-O-W. Took at least 20-30 minutes before we got our appetizers and another 20-30 minutes for the main meal. So if you're not a patient person AND you're a hungry-beast, don't go here. But the appetizers that we got were DELICIOUS. Crabcake & artichoke dip was so different, yet good, and the beef sliders were quite tasty too. I got the vodka-based pasta as my entree which was mehh, the boyfriend got a giant-sized steak sandwich that he couldn't finish, but enjoyed, and my friends got some melt-in-your-mouth delicious crab cake sandwiches. To sum it up? Anything with crab on this menu is probably ridiculously good. Also, if you have foursquare on your phone and you check into Caesar's Palace, you can get a coupon for a free frozen hot chocolate with a $10 purchase. You have to go the Rewards Center (in the Forum Shops) to redeem the coupon though, but if you have the time, go! It'll save you $11 on a frozen hot chocolate!!! They're tricky though, it only applies to ONE table even if that ONE table has MULTIPLE tabs. The frozen hot chocolate? Meh. It was just a tasty cold... hot chocolate. I was not that impressed. Big letdown. Maybe next time I'll attempt that $1,000 sundae...
1	I'll just get right to the point. - restaurant crowded, expect to wait.- food is blah (not great, not horrible) comparable to a tgif chain.- Dessert was the best part of the meal, got the frozen hot chocolate.NOW the ridiculous part that bother's the shit out of me is, my credit card get's pre-authorized double my $50 tab is actually getting tied up $100 ---reason because I allow to leave the tip?? and the manager tells me its typical for Vegas...I LIVE IN VEGAS AND work on the strip..just be aware if you decided to dine.
3	Its right in front of the decadent caesars palace hotel and someone told me about the frozen hot chocolate. The idea of hot chocolate but frozen intrigued me,so i gave it a try. It was very good and tasty.
1	We wanted to go the restaurant, but the wait was 30 minutes and all we wanted to do was to try the infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate.  So I appreciate that they had a "Fun on the run menu" which is basically a way to grab something quick. The service was definitely faster, our drink was ready right after we paid!Half star because the place was pink and cute. Half star because it tasted good. Minus four stars because the price was ridiculous and this place is seriously over-rated! $10- Frozen Hot Chocolate: For taste, I thought this was chocolate goodness. However, my friend says it tasted like his protein powder mixture.$11- Mochacino Coffee Frozen Hot Chocolate:  This was pretty tasty.  The mocha was rich in flavor and blended well with the chocolate.  I liked the espresso chocolate on top.  Although it was delicious, the Costco's version of Mocha Latte comes pretty close.Would you pay $12 (after tax) for a regular size (16 oz. maybe) of iced hot chocolate topped with whipped cream?  Why do you call it Frozen hot chocolate when it wasn't even frozen or icy?
2	Any girl obsessed with love story movie themes and one who watched Serendipity had to check this place out on a recent visit to Las Vegas. Well this girl was me and I left pretty let down. The speciality item is the frozen hot chocolate and a "must have" so of course that is what I had. Service inside the restaurant caters to those eating meals so they pretty much ignore you if all you want is a drink. Finally someone told me to go to the outside walk-up window where they provide take out and make the drinks. I pretty much could have stood there all day long as no one took the time to acknowledge me until at least a good ten minutes. Clearly lacking in customer service skills people. Anyhow I lined up outside in the heat and ordered a ten dollar frozen hot chocolate. It basically was a malted style drink with lots of whipped cream. A frappacino has more flavour. It hit the spot cuz it was so hot and I was sweating up a storm but meh not so good. Overpriced and clearly overhyped!!!
2	I really wanted to make this a 2.5 star review but, this is close enough. We came here since we didn't make it out there in NYC. Waited for half an hour to be seated to try the frozen hot chocolate....really its like a blended chocolate ice milk shake. Our server wasn't really attentive....we told her no breakfast, but she left menus with us anyway. We ordered the frozen hot chocolate for two, and she got us the single portion. We didn't send it back since the one portion was enough for us. I don't know how the NYC one is, but in terms of service, I hope its better than this one. Anyway, we can check this off our list now.
4	The chicken fingers are so amazing!! Of course, the frozen hot chocolate is beyond amazing! Great views and fun atmosphere!!
4	I have been here a few times with friends when we visit Vegas and my only complaint is the wait!! The service has always been great especially the last time we went and were served by Leo!! He was very attentive and funny!! I have pretty specific dietary restrictions and they were very accomodating!! I will definitely be back in the future!!!
2	Decent food, terrible service. That pretty much sums up everything. The first hostess told me that it would be a 5 minute wait until I could get a table. That's reasonable considering that they weren't packed or anything. In reality, I waited about 15 minutes for a 1 top. When the second hostess called me up, she se sad "Nina, table for 1." I learned from one of my friends that this is not an acceptable way to call up a single person since this may be "embarrassing" for the individual dining alone. I didn't care but I thought it sounded odd. After I went over to her, she didn't say another word to me. Sooo awkward. The server came over to me and seemed angry at me. I hadn't even said a word yet. Maybe since I was only one person, she thought she wasn't going to get much of a tip since it was just me. Actually, I work in a restaurant and I would have totally tipped her nicely if she wasn't so rude. It probably pissed her off a little more that I ordered coke instead of one of their 15 dollar coffee drinks. I ordered the Eastside Western omelette without proscuitto. When the food runner gave me my dish, he announced the dish, dropped it and left. Another awkward moment. The eggs were fluffy and there was tons of Jack cheese (which I love). However, the sweet potato fries on the side were cold when I got them. I also ordered a carrot cake which was awesome and huge. I'm still really bitter about the service I received though.  The server pretty much seemed angry at me the entire time and I barely saw her (which may have been a good thing). They really need to hire some new people or re-train these people in hospitality.
3	I've had the food a few times and it's not memorable. Usually I split one of the longish hot dogs they arent bad but they're not great. The wait during the summer is ridonkulous but it's fun to go and experience their frozen hot chocolate. It's decadent to say the least. It really does taste like frozen hot chocolate. Like a moron I have waited several times just to sit inside and sip one with the BF but here's a helpful hint GET IT AT THE TO GO WINDOW!! their large is bigger than the large they serve inside b/c the container is huuuge....four people (ok 4 small girls) would have a hard time finishing it same price minus the 45 min to 1 hour wait.
4	We are locals and have been wanting to come here for a long time. This is a windy city - I woild have rated 5 stars if they had some kind of insolated waiting area. Prices pretty good for the generous serving sizes.  I had the skirt steak - perfectly medium rare and tender! My vegetarian husband was thrilled - quite a few choices for him. My picky son happy that they had pizza. The frozen hot chocolate a bit skimpy (looks bigger due to huge dollop of whipped cream on top) - overpriced but yummy.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! I cannot believe that it only has 3 stars at this point in time. When my girlfriends and I were in Vegas in August, we went to this place 3 times within the week period we were there. The atmosphere is whimsical, cute and fun! The food was delicious....in fact, the best food I had in Vegas (even compared to many of the pricey restaurants). The service was also the best I had in Vegas.Everything here is delicious, from the entrees to the amazing desserts. While there, I had the Caesar Salad, and tried some of my friends' sandwiches and steak. All of the entrees were AMAZING! The Double Frrrozen Hot Chocolate is delish, and so refreshing on a hot day in Vegas! I also loved every single sundae we had.This place is all around, THE BEST place in Vegas for atmosphere, service, and food! Check it out and enjoy the great views and wonderful food!
1	this restaurant is completely over rated. the portions are extremely small and over priced. the quality of the food wasnt that great. the decor was awful and the tables and seats look extremely cheap.be careful ordering alcoholic beverages here. i asked for their house chardonnay and didnt realize each glass was 12 dollars! i walked out of this place feeling like i was completely ripped off. serendipity is AWFUL.
4	Pricey but good.  We only had dessert here, but given how impressed we were with that aspect of this place, we will probably make it a point to come back here to try the rest of their menu.As others have said, it's probably best to order at the window.  The line moved fairly quickly, which is more than can be said (according to other reviewers) about trying to get a seat inside the restaurant.
3	Crab cake was perfect but the service was poor and the wait was crazy they need to have a better management
4	Out of the 4 days we stayed here, we came here twice! The frozen hot chocolate is AWESOME!!! Its the most delicious drink for chocolate lovers ever! The food here was tasty as well, I got the crab cake sandwich with sweet potato fries and it was heaven, not heavy at all. The ribs were also good and HUGE, it really looks like a bone from a dinosaur. The lines can become a 2 hour wait for a table and the to-go window doesn't serve much food so its best to call for a reservation.
2	Luckily we were able to steal three seats at the bar during lunch time, after we were told they were on an hour wait, when literally HALF of the tables inside and out were empty. It seems this place is always on a wait, but not busy enough to warrant it. I can't understand why this place wouldn't want to get all of the business they can. My group thought the food was just OK, and lacked much flavor or excitement.
2	I was so excited to go here after seeing the restaurant on a previous trip to Vegas. The decor didn't disappoint because it is adorable inside and the frozen hot chocolate is fantastic. I ordered the Full Monty with a cup of tomato soup and my husband got a cheeseburger and sweet potato fries. My soup was ok, a little on the sour side but it wasn't horrible. Unfortunately my sandwich was awful. They forgot the bacon, and the chicken breast was char-broiled to the point where all you could taste was that "burned" flavor from the char lines. I think they were going for caramelized onions but they were "caramelized" to the point of tasting burned as well. Then they slathered the whole thing in bbq sauce that was to tangy. I was bummed but I think I may have just ordered wrong. My husband said his burger was really good and the sweet potato fries were definitely yummy so I'd be willing to go again, to try something else just beware of the Full Monty if you don't like the flavor of charred food.
4	I was hesitate to try this place due to some bad recommendations from my friends.. but I'm glad I did! The main dining room is pretty small compared to how massive this place looks from the outside. We came here for lunch on a Sunday and the wait was roughly 30-40 mins. This wasn't bad since I was expecting the wait to be over an hour, plus we went to the garden next to the place and did some exploring.I think the food here is a hit or miss. My boyfriend and I tried one of their pizzas & omelette with sweet fries, both of which were delicious! One of my friend however, ordered the chicken pot pie and she said it was pretty dry.Since we were here, I couldn't pass up the opportunity to try their infamous frozen hot chocolate. We got the almond flavored frozen hot chocolate sprinkled with walnuts (extra $1 charge). My boyfriend didn't think it was worth it but I sure did!! It wasn't super sweet nor bland, but was the perfect amount of goodness for me. I will definitely come back to this place the next time I visit Vegas :D. Oh! There's also a to-go area if you just want to stop by for a drink or dessert and not dine in.
2	Serendipity 3 has been a favorite on the Las Vegas Strip but it appears the luster has gone.  The first inkling the restaurant is having trouble was the inability to efficiently bus the outdoor tables alongside the strip.  Tables situated close to the Strip were left dirty and empty.  As the night was cool, Monkey asked for the heaters to be turned on but apparently all the heaters were out of propane except for one.  The food has noticeably declined over the years.  The Safe at Home Kobe sliders were cooked way too much spoiling the potentially delicious meat.  The Spud-Ntks were inedible.  As for the Sundaes, they were passable.  As Serendipity's decline has begun, Monkey will look for other dessert places in the desert.
4	For the long line and slow service, its 5 stars rating is reduced to 4. We had their famous frozen hot chocolate and finished it before you can spelled the 'super yummy delicious'.
2	There was an hour wait to sit inside the restaurant so my daughter and I decided to order from the outside "Grab -n- Go" window. We ordered a hot dog, nacho chips & cheese, 1 order of fries and 2 soft drinks.  The total was $34.00 which is a lot!  It took 45 minutes to get just the hot dog and it was an hour before our complete order was ready.  It was busy, but not so busy that an hour was reasonable.  The food was good, but not worth the wait.
1	I wish I could write a thorough review of this place.  We were told it was 35 minute wait - no biggie.  We waited for an outdoor table on a beautiful afternoon - 12:30 pm on Monday (4/09).  We got seated About 45 minutes later at a great table facing the boulevard.  For such a long wait I wasn't sure why their were multiple empty tables outside.  This place could turn over much more money if they filled them.  Their profit isn't my problem though.  We soon figured out why the tables weren't full.  They were most likely severely short staffed.  Although, since there were three hostesses to seat, one wouldn't have assumed so.  We sat and sat and sat. No acknowledgement.  No water.  No "I'll be right with you".  20 minutes and nothing.  Not a word.  Perhaps, they thought the view was enough.  One waitress passed us and we tried to get her attention, but she looked in the opposite direction as she passed.  So, 20 minutes going onto 25 minutes and this is added to the 45 min wait for a table.  We ended up walking out.  Why are we going to pay our hard earned dollars for food plus tip when there was a clear problem here.  Who knows how long the food would have taken to arrive.  We went elsewhere and then came back for that frozen hot chocolate to-go.  The short, it wasn't anything special.  It was good.  But we truly are the dummies for paying an absurd ($15) amount for a humdrum to-go milkshake.    How upsetting that for as often as I go to Vegas I can neither recommend not go back.
4	Back when I lived close to NYC, I lost my chance to try Serendipity. Tragic, I know. Since then, I have imagined many times what the super famous Frrrrrrrozen Hot Chocolate could taste like and how it could maybe blow my mind and forever change my life as I know it. I was pleasantly surprised to find Serendipity in Vegas and giddily waited in line for their "to-go" window outside. I was only interested in slurping up the aforementioned, coveted drink, so not going inside didn't damper my mood too much. (There was a GIANT crowd waiting to be seated, by the way.) My mom and I shared the one for two, and considering the ginormous size and deliciousness, I'd say I was OK with its somewhat hefty $15 price tag (including tax). I should mention that it was particularly cold on this evening - around 47F and extremely windy - but despite the cold that probably warranted a steaming cup of hot chocolate, I was more than willing to sacrifice my temporary chill to finish off the drink.I wish they'd build one down in Atlanta. Until then, I'll think about how awesome it might be inside...
3	~Pricey~Wacky interior (like 14 year old girl's bedroom)~Potentially long wait timeI'm basically only writing this review to mention one specific thing: the veggie burger.Las Vegas is a really tough place to find vegan food, especially on the Strip.Serendipity 3 has a veggie burger on their menu that is really tasty. if you want it vegan, order it on sourdough bread with no butter or mayo.I ordered it to-go from the bartender and he was very helpful and went out of his way to make sure my order was handled correctly. Mind you, 15 bucks is a hell of a lot of money for a veggie burger, but it was yummy, and well, when you're stuck sometimes it's pay up or starve...
3	Love the menu and decor. It's like I step foot in a little magical place: a pink carnival.What we ordered:Chicken and Waffle - Crispy juicy fried chicken with waffles and I love the sauce that comes with fried chicken. It's like honey mustard. Fried Egg Benedict - Ham and biscuit topped with literally a fried poached egg.The idea of a battered fried egg is good but it was not well executed. The egg white was a bit hardened and the outside of the egg was kinda soggy.Chocolate French Toast - Not a big fan of chocolate, but I'm a fan of french toast. Sweeeeeeeeetttttt. Prob recommended for chocolate lovers.Frrrrooozen Hot Chocolate - Yum! If you've never had it, it's something to try since you're here.Tip: They take reservations, and you can always call ahead to ask how long the wait is.
3	Every time I go to Serendipity, it's always extremely packed, so I always opt for the to-go option. Their food is mediocre and I wouldn't recommend this place as your first choice for lunch.   Their frozen hot chocolate is pretty decent, but it definitely does not compare the New York store.  If you never had the frozen hot chocolate, definitely go try it out!  But don't stay for anything else.  The decor is very trendy and cute, but beware of the overpriced menu!
4	Good place for casual, not too expensive dining around the area.The entree menu is kinda all over the place, so I had trouble determining what the "must have" item here is, aside from the frozen hot chocolate, which is not an entree (but yea, try that).  Had myself a Reuben, and it totally hit the spot!
2	The only advantage this place has is it's location.The service is horrible and the food is blah.  We waited about 30+ min for an outdoor table (we were told it'd be another at least 15, so I had to start the commotion), and when we got to the outdoor seating area, half the tables were empty!  We were starving and have studied the menu so we were ready to order pretty much right away, yet the waitress told us SHE needs a minute.....which turned into 20.  The appetizers took forever to come out and the 2 omelets even longer. The cherry on top is when 2 more people wanted to join our party of six, the waitress told us it's not allowed as it's considered fire hazard....makes me think people leave their logic at home before coming to work.  After speaking to the manager, he was able to "eliminate" the fire hazard and seated our 2 friends.  Which by that time, we were all done eating.I certainly won't be coming back.
4	Total tourist trap, super overpriced, but actually good. Reservations are a must for parties of 4 or more on weekends, especially if you don't want to wait 2 hours for a table.  I've been to the one in New York and didn't actually have anything except frozen hot chocolate, but here we ate a super delicious dinner, and I had one of the best Mac and cheese dishes I've ever had. Seriously recommend, it was $16 but totallllyyyyy worth it.  Grilled artichokes were also good but nothing special, and of course the frozen hot chocolate delivered its greatness.  We had the original, chocolate with mint, and the oreo one. The Oreo one was blech, weird consistency and too sweet.  The other two were really good.  Service was slow and our food was really slow to come out, but I'd come back here.  It's Vegas, you're supposed to pay a lot for mediocrity!
5	A little pricey for breakfast but SOOO with it!  You need to go and try the french toast log, it is big enough to split between two people.
4	It was a nice, casual place for a bite to eat.  The frozen chocolate is a must try, it's the hype.  It was good.  And the hamburgers are larger than life, enough to spilt with a friend if you want but a great hangover recovery choice :)  Cute, reminded me of like a ice-cream store salon place.
3	SO this is the place you go for dessert and that's about it. Whatever you do DON'T eat there! The only reason it's getting 3 stars is for the infamous frozen hot chocolate.Went there with a friend for dinner and dessert. Had a chicken salad and felt horribly sick afterwards. Gave them a second chance and had a burger...no bueno.As for the frozen hot chocolate I will admit at first I thought, "What's all the hype around this dessert?" I took a couple sips and thought, "that's it?!" Kind of disappointed at first, however I found my self not being able to stop sipping on it. And I should reveal I am not a fan of hot chocolate. It's a yummy rich and chocolately treat. They also have other frozen treats with liquor in them for the adults ;) Have yet to try those so I'll report back.Decore is fun and the location is perfect...right on Las Vegas Blvd. If you sit on the patio you are literally dinning with the traffic. Service is mediocre, can't really have any expectations for a place designed for kids or hiring kids for that matter. Regardless, everyone should try a dessert here for themselves.I still have mixed feelings about this place.
3	Frozen hot chocolates were to die for!!!  Very expensive though - $10-15 depending on flavor and size.  And long wait for both indoor or outdoor seating with a waitress, bar service, or take out window.
3	Orchard salad was delicious and very filling. Desserts looked great as did the rest of the food. Decor was nice but a little mismatched with a very pink deco look then some old college flags? It just didn't all gotogether. The main reason for a middle score was that the music didn't go with the atmosphere (it was the latest club mix hits) and was so loud we had to yell to have a conversation. I enjoy all music but it all has it's appropriate place. We were eating not clubbing
3	We came here for brunch on a weekday, and there was a relatively long wait (30 minutes?) considering that about half of the tables, inside and out, were empty, and there were members of the wait staff standing around.  The hostess was sort of rude, and acted like she was doing us a favor by taking our name.  Once we were seated, we ordered the famous frozen hot chocolate (the "for 2" size), which was ok but nothing amazing... it tasted a bit like a thin milkshake made with  pre-made powdered hot chocolate mix (which, in retrospect, is probably exactly what it was).  I ordered the French toast with berries, bacon and egg.  The French toast was burnt, but everything else was good.  The berries were fresh, the bacon was almost strangely good, the breakfast potatoes were a little oily but had a good flavor, and the egg was fine.  My husband ordered the blueberry pancakes, which were good.  Both portions were absolutely enormous, and we wished that we had shared a dish rather than getting two.  The service was adequate, but not good.  The waitress was efficient, but did not engage or interact with us at all.
4	5 Stars for the frozen hot chocolate!  4 stars for the service.  3-4 stars for the food at dinner time. But definitely get the frozen hot chocolate.  I was a virgin.  Tried it.  And now I can say I want it.  Again.  and again. and again.
3	I came for dessert and luckily no wait for our party of 6. Service is slow. I been to the one in New York and that wasn't that great either, so I was not expecting much from the Vegas one.Frozen Hot Chocolate-I liked it still, but my friends said the chocolate milkshake at Wendy's is so much better and cheaper.Mango cheesecake-this was huge. Like the size of my head, but the syrup that tasted like cough medicine surrounded the plate was no buenoSome of the other girls got a crab cake salad and they said that was pretty good.
3	I've always been curious about their frozen hot chocolates.  I've been to the NY location but was always off put by the long wait so have never actually been there.We were walking around LV and saw this place.  It was nice to see it here!  There was a line for the sit down restaurant but there's a take out window that sells a subset of their regular menu.  Basically, large donuts, drinks, etc.  We shared a large frozen hot chocolate.  The menu said it's meant to be shared by 2 but 4 of us shared it and we didn't even finish it.  Yes, it's really really big!  I think it was $15.It was good but not great.  It's just a fancy chocolate milk chocolate with tons of whipped cream and shaved chocolate.  Hit the spot for the day and wasn't compelled to come back for more.
3	Late for the show, hungry as a bear and where to eat? Nearby was S3 so we stopped in. Hostess was not nice - oh, it'll take 30 min to get seated! she said. We looked around and pointed out to a manager that there were a bunch of seats open outside. He immediately seated us, got us a great waiter and apologized for the Hostess's comment. We told our waiter that we were running late for the show and he made sure we had our food fast. It was simple American fare - burgers, fries and milk shakes. It was really good! Loved the apology and the quick snap to serve us. Plus sitting outside and watching the interesting Vegas traffic (people, not the cars) while we ate was a show in itself! Definitely recommend and will be back.
2	Totally overrated! We order green tea frozen hot chocolate, and it is not HOT. Isnt it supposed to be HOT? or am I just taking it too literrally? Also for the strawberry sundae, it was meehhh. Nothing special, really. And their service is sooooooo slow.
4	We stopped by here for a late-night treat last week.  The ice cream sundae was everything a classic ice cream sundae should be, with hot fudge that was unusually delicious.  We also tried the oft-mentioned frozen hot chocolate, and it was very tasty (though we can't agree if it was better or worse than the hot fudge sundae).We had no complaints about the full bar, either.  Why not wash down that ice cream with some rum and coke?!?  (aren't you here on vacation, anyway!?!)I also got points added to my Total Rewards card for going here!
4	Did the walkup order window; I got my cheddar jalapeno bacon pretzel quickly, no problem!  It was good, no complaints.  A friend got the giant donut, which we all tried.  The chocolate was awesome and the donut was sugary goodness.  We couldn't finish it.  Others got ice cream and really liked it.  Another friend got fries and it took FOREVER.  She must have waited 1/2 hour for the fries.  We sat in the covered area behind the walk up window, enjoyed our treats.  Overall I liked it, but some in our group had some problems with the slow service.
4	Giant sundaes, frozen Hot Chocolate and great mixed drinks, what more is there to say?  oh yeah, the menu has creative names and descriptions.  Great place for people watching or starting a spontaneous love quest with a five dollar bill and a book. (Movie reference).  I just wish the main courses were better.  I guess after watching food network for so long I should realize that Chefs who make good deserts are not the best cooks and vice versa.  The main dishes are mediocre.  Another overpriced location that makes up for the cost with the fabulous deserts.  Suggestion, eat dinner somewhere else, then come here for desert and sight seeing.
5	I took my parents here for breakfast last week - it was an advanced Mother's day get-together - with the suggestion that we ordered 1 item from the menu and shared it among ourselves - to their dismay. Thing is, my mom was worried we were too hungry to share an order and she wasn't exactly too peachy keen on the prices stated in their menu. I assured them that the last time I ordered a hangover omelette, only 1/3 of it was eaten and that was a time when I felt like I could eat a horse.They gave in and we followed our waitress in awe of the restaurant (yes, I am still fascinated by the decorations and all that pink!) My parents were in the mood for a good breakfast so I opted with the 'Lucky 7's' and boy were they surprised when the order arrived. 2 huge pancakes, 2 frankfurters, an omelette and potato cubes - just enough for 3 people. They were stuffed! And again, I didn't get a chance to try out their Frozzen Hot Chocolate (which I heard was one of Oprah's favorite drinks) but I'll make sure to check it out the next time we're planning to drop by - Father's day!
4	Serendipity 3 is an experience for any and everyone.  A great place in Las Vegas to bring your date, child or husband/wife.  Its subtly romantic while maintaining a very interesting Vegas vibe.  There must be some sort of secret no Douchebag's allowed rule because you wont find it here.  No old guys still wearing Ed Hardy (or even worse trying to be cool with a blazer and jeans.... come on guys that is so 2002, put on some slacks.).  But know, Serendipity 3 is a Vegas attraction so be prepared to pay accordingly.THE FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE - is amazing.  Absolutely amazing actually, it is no fluke that so many people enjoy it.  It is everything you imagine and more.  I compare it to an experience of eating a Jelly Bean and saying to yourself "OMG this popcorn jelly bean does taste like popcorn".  I'm not sure why I didn't expect the frozen hot chocolate to taste like well, frozen hot chocolate.... but it did.  This is a must try, repeatedly.2 FOR 1 MARGARITAS - OK, I'm not exactly sure what creative genius decided to pair dessert and margaritas but they did... and boy am I thankful.  For one the Margaritas are LARGE and in charge.  AND, yes there is more... they actually have liquor.  Most of the time there is so much of that limey mix and no tequila... not here, they give you your monies worth.BURGER - While I was last there I had the burger on the brioche bun,  Mmmmmm that bun was so buttery and delicious.  Although I want to try the hot dog next time.Before the check comes take a deep breath and another swig of Margaritas.... like I said don't forget you are in Vegas.
2	Over priced and over hyped...  Sliders were dry. Frozen hot chocolate could be had somewhere else for half the price with better quality.  For the prices they are charging, you figure they would at least try to serve you quality goods.
3	Over priced ice cream shop.  Sorry, it's good but then again it's no different from Baskins or Coldstone.  They have real food, not just desserts.  I suggest just eating but skip the dessert and get yourself a cheaper ice cream.
3	This restaurant is a cute place. The food was decent, but nothing unique and it not really worth my stomach real estate. Especially when there are so many other places to go for the same price point in Vegas. Beware if you sit outside because the fountain nearby or something nearby smells like sewage. The waiter was very nice and accomodating. So overall, it was okay, but I won't be revisiting.
3	Food is mediocre but the banana split and fried oreo was mm mmm.  This place is a bit overpriced.
4	I always tell anyone heading to Vegas to make a stop at Serendipity. Everyone needs to try their frozen hot chocolate at least once. And it's a F R O Z E N hot chocolate. I haven't tried their food, since every time my girls and I go, the wait is so long that our hangovers just can't stand to wait that long. My review is based on the desserts. When I go back in August, I'll see about waiting in that long ass wait time.
4	Had the most fabulous Sundae here.  It had several flavors of ice cream (including coffee yummmm), an entire piece of peanut butter pie, chocolate fudge, and whipped cream and it required no less than four of us to eat all of it.  Probably the best sundae I've ever had.Had a great selection of food and I loved the fun decor.  I was a bit disappointed in my burger (brie and avocado should have been fabulous, but feel a little bit tasteless and flat), but the portions were nice and the fries were good.
1	Ever wonder about the definition of hot mess? Follow along and I am gonna break it down for ya.My gf has been to the location in NYC and of course had visions of a ginormous ice cream sundae dancing in her cute little head. We figured the place would be just about the same and they would be able to replicate the picture perfect sundae she had on the east coast. Simple enough, yes?? Not so fast Batman!She ordered the sundae, it came to the table and it seriously looked like they decided to round up all the leftovers and scoop them into a bowl especially for us. I mean no joking around, this was a complete and total disaster! Easily the worst ice cream experience ever and I am sure you are asking yourself why I am making such a big deal over an ice cream sundae. Well, for starters it's $12! AND it's ice cream! How in the world can you manage to completely destroy an ice cream sundae? I mean let's take a quick tutorial on what a sundae entails. 1) Ice Cream2) Hot Fudge3) Whipped Cream4) Cherry on top4 easy steps that went super sideways and that folks, is my definition of a hot mess. Oh, did I mention you will likely wait close to an hour to be provided with this mess? You will, if you are lucky and in Vegas, ain't that many lucky peeps!
3	I sure hope the original Serendipity in New York is better than this one. I really wanted to like this place. Maybe it's because they have something called Frozen Hot Chocolate, or maybe it's because of the movie with John Cusak... (love John Cusak) But, I doubt highly I will be coming back here. We came here for a late dinner after a show. We walked from The Venetian and though it didn't seem like the restaurant inside was crowded, we waited about 20 minutes for our table. It's a large menu with their versions of basic food items. I ordered the chicken burger with the blue cheese and BBQ sauce, but asked to hold the BBQ sauce. To me, blue cheese and BBQ sauce don't go together. I got that with the regular fries. We also got the Turkey Club and sweet potato fries, a side mixed salad, root beer float and a Frozen Hot Chocolate. We got our drinks and proceeded to wait. and wait. I guess I shouldn't have assumed that the Frozen Hot Chocolates were more like dessert, especially when I had ordered a root beer float. But I was wrong because the waiter brought out our Frozen Hot Chocolates before our food. He was nice to split it for us, but I just wasn't ready for it and really... it tasted like soupy chocolate ice cream. Ended up that we took a couple sips and it went to waste because we were waiting for the food. The club sandwich ended up being like any other sandwich. Cold cuts from the grocery store and bacon. No mustard. Nothing original about it. The chicken sandwich had a nice big piece of chicken, but, it had the BBBQ sauce on it. When I told the waiter, he said, "I asked them not to put the BBQ sauce on." He asked if I wanted a new one. It's a nice offer, but I've waited this long.. I'm going to have to wait longer? So, I asked, "Is it going to take long?" He tapped me on the shoulder and said, "Of course, it's chicken" Uh huh. So, if I asked for a cold lunch meat sandwich redo, it wouldn't have taken as long? And, by the way, the cold cuts were cold. But, he ended up taking the chicken sandwich off the bill. Even with that, I was disappointed. Food is way overpriced and not that good. Lesson learned.
4	Mmmmm .... Frrrozenen hot chocolate .... is the only thing worth getting here. They have two sizes. Find a buddy and share the larger one because it's a way better deal. If YOLO (You Only Love Oreos) you're in for a treat! Because they have an oreo flavor one and it's deeeeeelicious! And they close at 1am! The perfect dessert for the end of the day.
4	The frozen hot chocolate is the reason to come here.  Not so much if you're diabetic, but it's thick, it's rich and full of deliciously sweet, chocolatey goodness.  You can't get a table if that's all you're getting and not ordering food though, so sit at a bar or take it to go and drink it next to the nearby outside bar and have a drink with your friends.  Great for a hot Vegas day (or night)
4	Basically we stopped in to get the Frozen Hot Chocolate to go.  With a menu item like this, how could one possibly pass it up?  It was delicious, and lived up to the name.  Buyer beware:  The portion "for two" is enough for four people and costs more than lunch does in Boston.
1	While staying at Caesar's decided to try it despite mixed Yelp reviews. It was absolutely terrible. We made reservations since it is always packed and still had to wait a few minutes. My wife tried the crab and asparagus dip. It arrived cold. It was not edible so we complained and they microwaved it to heat it up. Seriously, they made the cardinal sin by microwaving it! I ordered sweet potato fries. They were horrible - couldn't eat more than one as they were overcooked and tasted like rubber. Deserts look to be their specialty, and that is all they should serve. Way overpriced for really bad food. Bottom line, go for the deserts and to be with the trendy crowd but remember I warned you about the food.
1	came here for lunch this past weekend with a group of 8. Service was s-l-o-w, food wasnt so good, and the waiter was no help. did not come by to check on us and when he did, he refilled 2 of our soda cups with water. when it was brought up to him he just stopped refilling the other 6 cups and disappeared again. Didnt give us our discount for the total rewards program when though we mentioned it to him in the begining and when the check came.... felt like a total waste of time and money. should had deducted the automatic gratuity from the damn bill but lucky for him we didnt! Only thing i liked was the fries.
2	18 dollars for a foot long hotdog that taste like an average hotdog I can easily order somewhere else or even make my own!The inside wasn't even impressive and crowded by tourist not aware of the simplest courtesy that standing by the entrance is rude!  The only good thing about this place are the shakes and desserts but even that is overpriced for what it is.  Frozen hot chocolate is really good but a hit or miss with friends because it's too sweet.I can agree with most of the reviews from yelpers that this place I overrated but atleast I now personally know.The server we had was the only good thing that came out of this place.  She was funny rude if that even makes any sense and was well deserved of the big tip we left her.  From the menu to the taste, this place doesn't stand out from the average restaurants that are out there.
2	Just went here for the frozen hot chocolate. Expensive? Yes. Worth it? Mehh .. not so much. It's not that it was terrible, it just wasn't worth the price tag. Tasted very similar to a melted version of a fudgesicle. The large size is really large .. definitely more than enough for two people. I learned this the hard way! Overall, nothing special, but worth trying at least once since it's clearly a big tourist spot.
3	Came here for the frozen hot chocolate.It was definitely only a one-time thing.  I mean, how many times would I want a cocoa powder chocolate shake?We also ordered the pizza with pesto sauce, which was about 1/5 too burnt to eat.
3	*I only came here for the dessertI visited Serendipity 3 twice during my trip to Vegas.  The first time I went, I ordered the oreo, and peanut butter froho.  It was too sweet for my taste.  Since we had nothing to do in the middle of the day, we decided to pay this place another visit and I tried the green tea froho instead.  I enjoyed it very much.  It was the perfect amount of sweetness, and did taste like matcha green tea!  The drink was delicious, but I wouldn't find it necessary to pay this place a visit more than once when in Vegas.
1	I'm only giving them a 1 star because I have no choice. I went to serendipity a year ago for the first time and the service was great, and the food was on point. I went a few days ago and it was the complete opposite. We sat down and didn't get greeted by our server for a good 15-20 minutes, after taking our drink orders it took about 10 minutes just to get waters. I ordered the nachos and there was absolutely no meat, just cheese. Then there was confusion with our bill and it was chaos after that. It's a shame that I never wanna go back here again because of that experience.
3	If you MUST come here, go for the specialty frozen drinks. Skip their lackluster and pricey food.Save some time (we all know how precious that is in Vegas) and order the Frrrozen Hot Choco or any of their Sin City frozen drinks (Raspberry truffle!) to further that buzz from their to-go window instead of waiting a ridiculously long time for seats. It's only worth the wait if seated on the patio overlooking Las Vegas Blvd. Drunk people watching is the bees knees on the Strip! :) But service has been blah the two times I have dined here.Food comes in large portion sizes, but not very tasty (Hangover Omelette, 'Holy Huevos Ranchero), with the exception of the breakfast potatoes. We'd be content ordering a side of those to pair with our drinks the next time we're here. :)
4	looveeed my dessert!! :) i forgot what it is called but its some kind of red velvet with ice cream...lol.  i haven't tried the "famous" frozen hot chocolate yet..so next time.. :) it was packed and service was slowwwww. i was thirsty and water wasn't filled -.-
1	Just ate here, ordered a ABC Burger and got a dry tasteless turd, the sweet potato fries were horrible, onion rings were burnt too. For dessert I had deep fried Oreo cookie sundae it was good but doesn't make up for the burger. If you want dessert it's ok but that's it!
2	I'm not quite sure why people love this place. Food is pretty expensive, but at least it tastes fine.  Probably the worst part of the meal came because we tried to get there early.  It was almost 95+ degrees in dry Las Vegas at 11:15 AM, but the misting fans that were on the outside patio didn't come on till noon.   Really guys?  You don't have control over your own fans?  Take them off the timer, seriously...At least the servers were on top of refilling water, but that's only because we were dying on the patio during the summer time heat.Maybe just come for dessert?  Chances are you'll be drunk and won't want to walk to Caesar's Palace though...Might as well skip it, and just lie to your friends who didn't Vegas with you (and say it was whatever).
1	Hostesses are horrible!!! told us 45 mins wait and people arrived after us was taken care of before us consider the fact that theres only 2 of us.. Weve been here before really loved the food and servers.. but this time hostesses no customer service not even a smile nor eye contact.. Totally disappointed!
4	I would highly recommend not to order lunch or dinner if you plan on having a dessert.  I really wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate but by the time I finished my salad, I was too stuffed to order it.  My mom was smart and only ordered dessert (vanilla and chocolate sundae with chocolate cake).   It was huge and although I'm not an ice cream person, I tried the chocolate cake in her sundae which was delicious.  The restaurant looks a little run down and we were sitting so close to the next table that I kept jamming my chair into the person's chair sitting behind me, but if you are looking for dessert on a hot Vegas day/night this is the place to go.  It's located near Cesar's palace and is easily accessible by numerous hotels.
2	Las Vegas is known for indulgence.  Serendipity 3 should be a place to indulge.  The Serendipity locations in New York and Miami are both decent places to visit.  The location in Las Vegas is not worth the wait, the price, or the frustration.If you are in Caesar's or nearby and you are craving dessert then go to the Forum Shops and check out Max Brenner's.  The food a Serendipity is not that spectacular, the desserts are large but are not overwhelmingly tasty. The service is extremely spotty for a prime location on the Vegas Strip.  Sometimes you get good service, other times you feel totally left out on the patio.If you have been to the other locations, come in, buy your t-shirt then head over to Max Brenner's.
4	Why am I writing a review for this place? no one's going to read it.But hey try not to get stuck sitting outside. It's hot as hell, and the automatically timed cooling fans spray water in your face and food.but Their food is so amazing... i can't hate them for that. I tried the crab cake benedict and although it was a small portion, it was a heavy, rich small delicious portion.  The crab was very flavorful with the "hollandaise" sauce slightly sweet and rich.  I snatched some of my friends potatoes and dipped it in the left over sauce... soooo good.and HEY!!! don't leave without getting a frozen hot chocolate.  I ate so much last time, i didn't have any room left.  But it's like a hot chocolate flavor in a smoothie. but it's not so thick like a slurpee, so you can still sip with ease.  Very delicious and is a must get.  They have different flavors as well, and i heard the orrreo frrrrozen hot chotolate is pretty good too.
4	What could I possibly say that 1500 other people did not already say? What could I say that would make you trust or consider my opinion over others?Well first of all, I don't really have a big sweet tooth. I always say "no" to desserts and I think therefore am fortunate enough to never have braces *knock on wood*. So when I say that the frozen hot chocolate ($9 for the small) was actually pretty good, that must mean it is heaven to those dessert lovers. The chocolate chip flakes were so yummy with the whipped cream and cold "hot chocolate" flavor. Here's a pic, which reminds me of how delicious it was: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=_LMf6cTfbNqv6zSn6nUY6g#lbKzskj0SKkZ5Ej18VA6_QI also had big expectations for this place given that it's so popular, so giving 4 stars after those expectations mean that they have pretty much met them. The dessert was good, and even "The 'Hangover'" omelette I had was delicious. French fries, cheese, and mushrooms in an omelette? Consider my hangover cured!! I added onions which they charged an extra $1.00. I thought even the potato wedges were really good and well seasoned. But one thing I gotta mention... it was HUMONGOUS! I couldn't even finish half. I know I'm a small girl but my guy friend said he couldn't even finish it. This was about $12 so that's pretty good considering the huge portion. Pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=_LMf6cTfbNqv6zSn6nUY6g#FVqYvZZwtpc_O5L7LAsolQMy friend had the fried egg benedict, which I didn't really like so much. I thought it had a weird taste, but my friend said it was ok. He thought it was really small at first, given only two pieces: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=_LMf6cTfbNqv6zSn6nUY6g#b4-wUWO8-XQgzuklUl7V3Q. But those biscuits are heavy and sauce is so rich that he got full and couldn't help me finish my giant omelette when he said he would damnit haha. Oh well, had lunch the next day figured out! =PThe wait was an hour for two people, so I suggest walking to Caesar's Palace and grabbing a Fat Tuesday while you're waiting which was what we did :) and PS. if you order the frozen hot chocolate with your meals, the dessert comes first. So if you want it later, order it after you get your food! Hope this review was FUC (funny useful and/or cool) to add to the other 1500 reviews ;)
3	We had the Strawberry sundae, Oreo Shake, a couple beers, and some sweet potato fries for ~50 to go.- Presentation is wonderful. very cute. kept the bowl the sundae was in. Flavor is good. Soft ice cream. not sure if price is justified. - I loved the shake. not too thick. very delicious. worth getting again.- Sweet potato fries are typical. Not your "boiling crab" type-o-craze!- Utensils are so nice you almost have to take extras! lol:)
2	We wanted to grab a frozen hot chocolate for a late afternoon snack. Well, the wait at 4 pm on a Monday was so long for 2 people that we ended up eating dinner. I had the veggie burger, which is housemade and served with a spicy roumalade and avocado slices. It was really, really good. The sesame bun was grilled crispy, but the inside was soft. Probably the best veggie burger I've had.I got the Cole Slaw as my side and it wasn't good at all. It was the prepackaged, mayo based kind so unless you like that kind of thing, stay away. I tried a few of my friend's fries though and they were good.The frozen hot chocolate was disappointing though. I have not been to the original, but my friend had and she said it was not the same. It came out melted and didn't have the strong, rich chocolate flavor I was expecting.Oh, and we sat outside (on the patio facing Las Vegas Blvd) in June (it was in the 90s) and it was hot, but not uncomfortable. I actually enjoyed the water misting fans.
3	Wanted to try out the infamous "Frozen Hot Chocolate" so we trekked as a team here for our last little treat before leaving to board our plane out of Vegas and back to the Bay. I've heard so much about this place - heard the line was too long in NYC - better to check out here. It IS good though - very addictive to drink. But, I think I wish it were more frozen and didn't melt as fast... Still want to visit the NYC location where the movie was filmed too...
3	$11 for a white chocolate frozen chocolate on the go. On a tues no line around 11am. The girl at the window was nice enough but I had to tap on the window and go to the front desk to find some to serve me.  The area around the rest jaunt is worthy of pictures. All said in done... I wish I had just got a frap from Starbucks for half the price. On the go ones are just not worth it.
4	We went specifically so we could try the frozen hot chocolate for dessert but didn't have the room because the portions are huge.  I have never seen a bigger BLT.  That would have easily satisfied 2 of us.  The only cons are the fries (they were Luke warm/ old) and the music (it was just too loud even for the vibe).  Otherwise we can't wait to go back and leave room for the frozen hot chocolate.
2	I waited 30minutes for stale nachos. I watched them sit under a heat lamp for 20 of those minutes because they refused to serve us the food. Frozen hot chocolate definitely worth a try. Go to this place if you want to pay the same price you would at a football game that isn't as good, and without the game.
5	Frozen hot chocolate
3	service was great! must try the chocolate shake its to die for you can share with two people.. overall it's your typical american food.. things you can get at an applebees just more up scale. kinda pricey for the quality of food that you are getting, but still ok for someone that would want to check off a restaurant off their list. would i recommend it, yes somewhat maybe for desserts..
2	Not actually bad, but I won't go back. The 30 minute wait at completely different bar was the best part of the whole experience.Had a 35 minute wait, but they use nowait.com so you get a text message when your table is ready, this let us wander to the bar at Central in the lobby of Caesar's Palace to escape the heat. This was the best part.The hostess wasn't rude, but not really friendly, all the servers actually looked mad. We ordered the nachos and their famous Frozen Hot Chocolate. The whole reason we came here was because we're fans of that. That was fine, but really not much better than making it at home from their packets. The nachos were very average except for WAAAAYYYY too much salt.
2	I ordered a brownie sundae and waited for about 20 minutes after paying to get it.  They were "changing shifts" but somehow proceeded to make hotdogs with all the toppings for people who ordered after me.  I also tried ordering  a large bottle of water and they rang it up at $8, to which i said no thanks.  I am from NY and work in NYC and i've never seen such an outrageous price for just water.   All of the Walgreens i went to in Vegas were selling the same size water bottles for about $2.29.  I don't see why they feel the need to rip people off when it comes to water, their ice cream is already over-priced and it was just OK.  I'm not picky at all and i know Vegas is expensive but this was hands down the most dissappointing place i went to there.
4	Do not go here if on a diet as you will succumb to the amazing desserts which are way too generous. It is pricey but this is the Vegas Strip afterall.
2	really don't get what  the hype s all about.  the food is really just ok.  desserts are just so so.
5	Efficient check in system, and didnt wait very long-10mins. Split the steak sandwhich and it was still a lot... Along with tasty sweet potato fries. Sandwhich was amazing and cooked perfect. Service was outstanding, even the cook came out and made certain everything was right. Was hoping to try desert, but couldn't east anything else. Def next time, and will have to augment this review.... But the treats going to other tables looked spectacular
4	You add 105 degrees Fahrenheit dry heat outside + their Frrrozen Hot Chocolate = FANTASTIC !WOA:Food (particularly the Madame Butterfly) was delish, there's always a wait, be patient, worth it.
5	I do not understand why the ratings are so low! I love this place!Environment: It's tiny but family friendly. I recommend Reserving a table ahead of time if you want just more than a snack!Food: mouth watering! I had the vodka penne and it was delicious! The pasta was cooked perfectly, it wasn't too hard or too soft and it absorbed the sauce that was cooked perfectly as well! Their sweet potato fries that my friend ordered were addicting and my other friend ordered some kind of meat that fell right off the bone! I haven't tried everything on the menu, but from what I've had, I give the food 5 stars!desserts: You can't go wrong with their frozen hot chocolate! The guys in my group aren't big on sweets, but they absolutely loved the frozen hot chocolate! I've tried two different ones: The original and the double chocolate and they we're both super good, especially on a hot day!Customer service: The host, the waiter and the bar tender all provided great service and checked up on us to make sure our food was great, our glasses were full and that we were having a great time!Aside from the long wait for getting seating, getting your order taken and getting your food, I love this place! This is a place that will always be on my list every time I head to Vegas!
5	Absolutely LOVED it!. The White Chocolate Frozen Hot Chocolate was superb! My Boyfriend had the Peanut Butter Frozen Hot Chocolate and fell in love with it. For the meal, i ordered the Full Monty. DELICIOUS! Loved the meal, the waitress, the environment, everything! Definitely a place worth trying!
4	We order the bowl of chocolate goodness. and it was awesome and im not really a chocolate fan but it grow on me. Than we order crab burger and it was good not great. my wife order hamburger and it was great. Def will come back! the menu was very confusing tho had alot of going on
4	I was walking on the Strip with a friend when we decided that a frozen hot chocolate sounded good to cool off ourselves from the heat. By the time we reached Serendipity, it was close to dinner time so we were like, why not eat here as well? The place itself is very cutely decorated and has an outdoor seating option.We got the regular Frrrozen Hot Chocolate while our friends got the Frrrozen White Hot Chocolate with some sort of almond-ish flavor and they were both very good! The concept is weird, but it worked! If you like hot chocolate, I guarantee you will like this as well. My friend and I decided to split the Vegas Strip Steak Sandwich, which had a strip steak on top of a very big bun with veggies and THREE sunnyside eggs on top of it all. We were so glad we'd decided to split from the very beginning or else we would not have been able to finish one each. The sandwich tasted just as amazing as it had looked. The eggs were nicely cooked and the strip steak was juicy. Overall, YUM! Very worth our money! I would definitely visit this place again if I had the opportunity!
2	Came back again to the walk-up window just to get some frozen drinks.  This time around I got an Oreo frrrozen hot chocolate.  Talk about overpriced!!  Over $10 for something so "meh" and runny!  Jack in the Box's Oreo Shake is so much better for much much less.  Also, Sugar Factory across the street has similar yet tastier frozen drinks.  Think I'll pass on Serendipity next time!
1	The employees seem to hate their lives. We waited 15 minutes before the server even acknowledged us! They need some vitamin D in their lives!
4	Yum!My boyfriend and I came here around 6pm for dinner and had a 25 minute wait. As soon as our table was ready, we got a text. Service was quick and polite.I had the LV burger with sweet potato fries and it was delicious!!!! Boyfriend had spaghetti and it was also delicious. The prices were definitely the more exorbitant Strip prices for food, but hey it's vacation. I was truly skeptical because the inside of the restaurant seemed kind of blah, but the food was really, truly delicious. I would come back again!
4	Oh Serendipity, how I long for you so.Hot as balls that day, of course we had to come here. My boyfriend raved about this place and so I had to see it for myself. Strikingly trendy, the decor was cutesy and retro. Cute marble tables, colorful stripes on the walls, the color pink incorporated into nearly everything, and comical poster sized menus.My boyfriend and I waited in line for about 10 minutes, then we were told that a table would be about 30 minutes. I said okay and the hostess told us that I'd get a text when our table was ready. 20 something odd minutes later, I received a text and we bolted for the door to Serendipity.We got our seats and we ordered. Just a late lunch snack consisting of a chicken quesadilla and a frozen hot chocolate for two. The quesadilla was just okay, I've had better at Chevy's. The frozen hot chocolate, however, was delicious. I want to make something clear, though, just so there is no confusion. The infamous frozen hot chocolate from Serendipity is not a hot/cold sundae (which is what I thought it was), but it is the hot chocolate that we all love and know so much in an icy, cold form. Perhaps they should rename it to a hot chocolate slushy?Serendipity, I will be back!
5	Yum yum yum! I had been wanting to try Serendipity since I saw it on a few tv shows. I would definitely suggest going at an off time or be prepared to wait for a while. We came on a Sunday morning around 8:45 and were seated right away. The interior of the restaurant is bright and inviting and servers are friendly. My friend and I split the banana waffles since the portions coming out of the kitchen were pretty big. When the waffles arrived, we received 2 of them which were topped with bananas, whipped cream and chocolate. The whipped cream was thick and creamy and perfectly paired with the crispy waffles. We were more than satisfied after splitting this dish.To finish off our breakfast, we knew we had to try Serendipity's famous frozen hot chocolate. We ordered the small and it was delicious. Once again the whipped cream was phenomenal. The frozen hot chocolate was lighter than a milkshake and more comparable to a shushie or slurpee. We devoured all of it. I think we need a Serendipity in Chicago too!
4	I'm a sweet tooth addict.  There, I've admitted it, I've proclaimed it to the world and honestly....I really don't feel better for doing so.  Now I don't really go out looking for something sweet but if something catches my eye, I have a really hard time saying no.  At Serendipity, it is their carrot cake.  It was looking at me, taunting me, telling me that I am not good enough to devour it's richy goodness.  Well HA!!  I got the last laugh as I gobbled this thing down like it was the last meal on earth.  Forks moving at light speed, crumbs flying, frosting being splattered on the patrons surrounding me.  It was a mess and it was all mine!!Lets be clear, this is not your ordinary piece of carrot cake.  It was huge and large enough to share.  Did I?  Of course not.  The cream cheese frosting is perfect in texture and a nice combination with moistness of the cake itself.  In hindsight, I could have done without the cake.  While good, the frosting is what makes it great!Serendipity also features a $1000 Golden Opulence Sundae.  This gem must be ordered 48 hours in advance and who has that kind of time?  I haven't a clue what they could possibly put in this thing that is worth that kind of bank but I wasn't about to find out.  Maybe I'm not the addict I thought?Serendipity offers plenty of other food choices as well but I've never tried that.  Who says you cannot have desert in place of dinner??
4	We had to wait over 30 minutes for a table and there were several empty tables.  The food portions are huge.  We ordered the Summer Bries and the LV Dog.  The Summer Bries was very delicious and we recommend trying it.  The LV Dog, although not a high quality hot dog was very good.  We went with another couple and among the three orders of fries at our table only one was fresh warm and delicious.  Two of us had to suffer with old, room temperature French Fries.The desserts on the other hand are out of this world and should be shared given their size.  We had the peanut butter frozen hot chocolate and it was HEAVENLY!  We highly recommend going to Serendipity for the dessert.  The dessert alone makes the wait well worth it!The wait staff- not overly friendly and lacking in enthusiasm.  We had to ask for our drinks to be refilled on several occasions.  Moderately priced, we spent about $50 before tip.Honestly, the dessert is carrying this rating!
1	This is a disgusting place. My wife got food poisoning from eating there. We had other problems too. It took 30 minutes to get our food (pizza and ice tea). I would have stayed at home an gotten Domino's if I had known it would take so long. The pizzas were small. We paid $50 for two personal pizzas and ice teas. For that much, I would have expected a meal-size portion (not a snack-size), and better quality (not burnt cheese on top of raw dough and under-cooked sausage).
4	We loved the frozen hot chocolate. (The regular one is much better than the mint version.) Orchard salad was great and the rest of the crew enjoyed their food as well. Busy location, that will text you when your table is ready.  Definitely worth a stop!
1	I don't know what all the hype is about.  I ordered the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate.  Holy bland!  I could have kicked myself for forking over $10 for it.Overrated!!
3	Came here on a hot summer night and cooled off with a peanut butter frozen hot chocolate. You can't really mess up chocolate and peanut butter. For my meal, I had an ahi tuna salad. It was just ok. I wasn't too fond of the encrusted sesame seeds.
1	Where do I even start? From the extremely slow service, the inflated prices, or the below par frozen hot chocolate?!It was about 11pm at night and I just came from Mon Ami Gabi over at Paris hotel. I thought I would try serendipity for dessert since it is quite popular and the idea of a frozen hot chocolate is interesting. So me and my cousin arrived at Serendipity and we see a long line outside as well as an empty seating area. I was informed that inside sitting is for people eating in, and the line outside is for take out or basically drink orders. I got in line thinking "this should be fast", "I'm sure they have plenty of staff considering it is summer and the weather is 105 degrees". Boy was I wrong! It took forever due to shortage of staff!! It was finally our turn to order and I got the Amaretto Almond Frrrozen Hot Chocolate because a friend of mine recommended it. It was quite convenient of them not to have the prices on the menu. Not that I am cheap with food, but I would like to know what it is I am forking over for this drink. hahaha. So the total comes out to be $11.82 for the smaller size. Holy Moly!! I was shocked! but too late to back out now, after waiting for at least half an hour to order. Then I had to wait another 10-15 minutes for them to make the drink. I am thinking to myself "this better be the best drink ever!" Again I was greatly disappointed. It tasted like iced down flavored Almond slush. I've had much better almond slushes in OC. Needless to say, I am never coming back here! It was such a waste of time and money! Don't buy into the hype like I did!
4	Came here for the first time with the GF because she specifically said that this was the one place she wanted to eat at while we were in Vegas.  The price is a little much but when you're well known it doesn't matter because you can do whatever you want.  The food was good, the price was a little scary.  You get what you pay for?I'd give this place 3.5 stars but there aren't half stars, and since we all learned that anything 5 and above round up....4 stars.
1	There was a 45 minute wait, even when there were multiple empty tables. The food wasn't good and for sure wasn't worth the price. Our waiter was TERRIBLE! He spilled coffee on our table and didn't wipe it up, took forever to take our orders and if we asked for anything he rolled his eyes at us. The frozen hot chocolate was OK- definitely not something you need to wait an hour to get. However, I guess it is cool to say that you've tried it.  I will not be going back.
3	I was curious to try this out ever since I heard about the $1,000.00 sundae but yeah didn't order that lol! Sat at the bar because we didn't want to wait 15 minutes. We each had a coke and also had the mint chocochip sundae with marshmallow cream and fudge. It was pretty good but I think we should have tried the sundae with the deep fried oreos. Eh still was pretty good anyway.
2	Over-rated! Ok, first of all, why should it be hard to get a table at 4pm when clearly empty tables abound? Points start to drop...We are told waiting time is 30 which becomes an hour, and thus we decide to try the long outdoor takeout line, which proved to be quicker. Now the problem with the takeout line, is your orders become limited and instead of wanting to try maybe 6 different things on the menu, we ended up getting 3 kinds of desserts. (Yes, Serendipity, think of all the extra orders you could have gotten by letting us chill on a proper table). So was the wait worth it? Well, if an establishment is going to make people wait long, they better make it worth it! I spent over $50 on 3 different desserts and I I wish I had gone to a Haagan Daz or even McDonalds instead! The only thing worth trying was the frozen hot chocolate. But then again, it's really not worth queueing for. Do yourself a favour and go to Jean-Philippe's in Bellagio/Aria. Everything there is perfect and worth every penny.
3	Sunday afternoon delights.The place was busy but we noticed quite a few empty tables, our wait time given by the hostess was 45 minutes, I believe we only had to wait about 30. I like that they can text you that your table is ready, so I really don't have to hang out in front of the restaurant in the heat if I don't want to. We decided to sit inside since it was so hot out.Our waitress was Tina, she could've been friendlier, but she did an adequate job waiting on us.I hate the huge menu's, it was difficult to peruse their offerings at our small table of 4. The plates were also too big for our table. The music inside the restaurant was way too loud for the tiny space, people would like to talk...not lose their hearing!The prices were a bit high but it helps if you have a Total Rewards card, the prices are slightly cheaper if you present this to your waitress upon ordering.I got the Chicken Strip appetizer so I could save room for dessert. They were good, nice and crispy on the outside, moist warm white meat chicken on the inside. The dipping sauces were good too, I liked the Honey Mustard best, my husband liked the BBQ sauce. My husband got the Cheeseburger with Brie Cheese and Fries, it was an okay burger, not a lot of flavor, but it was cooked correctly. The fries were not fresh or hot, we had to others at our table who got fries and only one of us got fresh fries. We had a view of the kitchen from our table and noticed that they make tons of fry orders and let them sit there til someone orders them.For dessert we decided to split the Black and White Sundae, it was delicious. The ice cream and topping were quality and all went well together. Nice bonus of a chocolate covered strawberry on top.I would totally go back again for dessert, but I would skip the average food.
5	5stars for Frozen Hot Chocolate. Its Worth every penny when you get the Frozen Hot Chocolate! Whipped creamed around chocolatey goodness in a med cup with straws! Ask to be seated outside so you can enjoy the view of the strip. Staff are pretty nice and accommodating. Prices are overwhelming but being based from the movie Serendipity it makes you feel special just eating there.
1	Deeply disappointed. I came here with a few girlfriends because we were hungry and wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate. I ordered the veggie burger and it was a mess. It took about 30 minutes to make and when I finally got it, the burger fell apart. Right when I picked it up, the bun crumbled in pieces as well as the burger!! The black bean patty was bland and the frozen hot chocolate was just ok. I will not be coming back or going to the other serendipity for that matter. I don't understand all the hype.
3	Had an Oreo frozen hot chocolate.  It was OK, but for all the hype I was expecting a rich, smooth, sinfully luscious drink.  Instead, it tasted like a regular shake to me, with more ice crystals in the blended drink than I thought there would be, giving the drink more of a grainy texture.  It was a refreshing drink, but it wasn't very smooth or rich.
2	We were forewarned and made reservations ahead of time. So that wasnt the problem. I have been looking forward to Frozen Hot Chocolate ever since I was in NYC and couldnt get my foot in the door due to the 2004 eastern seaboard blackout (yes, I am that just lucky!)...Well, when u cant get to NYC we come to vegas. And Serendipity was going to be had no matter what!!!!! The lines were huge, the crowd was annoyed, and it was HOT HOT HOT outside. We were seated immediately. By some lucky chance we got a buy $10 bucks worth of food and get one free coupon for the frozen treat and presented it to out server. He was not too pleased. I ordered a Caesar salad and got leaves (literally) drizzled with a some dressing. Oh, and a giant mushy crouton- $15 bucks later I was full off of my leaves, and it was time to get what we came for!!!! OHHHHHH the disappointment. Maybe b/c we arent in NYC, maybe b/c this place is just crazy packed, or maybe b/c our server hated us. But what we got tasted like Swiss Miss packet hot chocolate cooled down in the fridge and dolloped with less than yummy whipped cream (cool whip?). To say the least. Total debbie downer. Will I try it out while in NYC next time. I might. Because I know it has to be better than this. It just has to. My fat kid dreams cannot be crushed!
2	There really wasn't anything I found appetizing on the brunch menu :( I settled for the hangover omelet which was okay (not as good as it sounds on paper). Tried a bite of my friend's chorizo quiche which was better. Pretty overrated restaurant- never been here before so I wanted to try it, but I wouldn't come back.Slow service. We ordered a margherita pizza that took foreverrrrr to come out, but the manager did come by and said he would comp it so that was nice.I guess it's convenient if you're staying at Caesars. We had an hour wait and I appreciated the fact that they texted us to let us know when our table was ready. We were able to go back to the casino and gamble :)
4	I'm on vacation in Las Vegas and since my family and I stopped by Cesar's Palace we decided to catch lunch and enjoy the world famous Frozen Hot Chocolate.  The wait for a table was 15 minutes, less than the quoted 40 minutes. Our table wait for drinks and food was more than I would have expected but our server (a native of Las Vegas) made up for the wait with wit and regular checking in. The outside seating is the ideal if you are interested in conversing with anyone or simply need some alone time and the mist fans cut away at the heat ; indoors the atmosphere is loud like a bar and this is where to sit if you need to escape those you came there with. The burgers we ordered were perfectly medium rare and the fries seasoned and crisp. My 16 year old daughter got her same Chicken and Iceberg Salad but didn't finish the chicken. The chicken could have been more moist but as a healthy choice this is her favorite when she comes here.The Frozen Hot Chocolate was delish and we ordered 2 singles for four of us to share. I'm sorry nice guy from Vegas who once house-sitted for his buddy in Florida...I wish I could remember your name.  My husband and me and our daughters enjoyed your hard work.
3	I wanted to try this place because everyone raved about it. I had the White Chocolate Frozen Hot Chocolate ($11). I'm not a chocolate person because I don't like sweet stuff. This drink was good but overpriced. You can simply order a shake at any place for a cheaper price & I'm pretty sure it would taste the same.This place is a bit overrated. I was expecting something different. But it was a nice drink with the hot weather in Las Vegas.
4	I love Serendipity 3! I make a point to stop by every time I am in Vegas.  The food is big, but sharable.  The last time I was here, my mother and I split a pizza.  On previous trips I have had the grilled cheese sandwich, which is amazing, but HUGE.  And of course, you can not go wrong with the frozen hot chocolate (why would you come and not get that?)I like the fact that the restaurant will text you when your table is ready.  I wish all restaurants did that.  On my last visit, we actually just wanted the window service but there was a long line and only ONE person working...taking orders then making the drinks, which is totally ridiculous so we decided to get a table.  Service was a little slow, but there the place was packed with large groups who were all ordering dessert, so I'll blame it on that.
3	The frozen hot chocolate did live up to the hype!  Don't be skeptical, order it.  Plus, it's lighter than an actual milk shake.  It was delicious and I sipped and spooned it all!!  The other desserts I tried were solely ok though.  The peanut butter reese's shake we really hated.  However, since most of it was left after we were finished the waitress decided to take it off our tab.  That was considerate.  The wait is pretty insane though.  And, I wish they would just serve desserts instead of a full menu.  They do have this neat "text you when your table is ready" though.  However, after a 45 minute wait or so is it really worth it?  It's debateable.  Now that I've had their sig drink inside, I will wait in line and get it from the outside to-go window next time.
3	Wow, this place was way overrated. I'd heard so many good things about SERENDIPITY that it almost became impossible to keep up with the hype. I was in LV for work for over a week, and hit up Serendipity after several folks recommended it.We waited about 30 minutes on a Friday night, which isn't that bad. We got a seat on the patio, facing the strip. I had the Meatball Pizza on the waiters recommendation, and quite frankly - I didn't like it. The ricotta was overpowering and made it hella soggy. He noticed I didn't really go in for the kill and asked if I liked it. I told him not really, and when the bill arrived, he scratched it from the total. I thought that was cool.I also tried their famous Frozen Hot Chocolate. While it was certainly delish, I thought it was just a milkshake with more ice? I'd definitely go back, but this place is basically Fenton's.3.5 stars
3	We had dinner here one night during out vacation... I checked out the menu online and it seemed like a great option for some pub-like food and dessert.  The food was good but I was really disappointed int he atmosphere.  With the look of the building outside, I expected much more from the inside.  The set up and overall ambiance felt like a cafeteria.  I think next time I would be more inclined to stop here for lunch rather than dinner.  It was a little pricey as well: 1 appetizer, two entrees (burgers) and a dessert was $90.00
3	High heel pump was really good.  We were here for a bachelorette party dinner for 16 girls.  I was really irritated they seated us outside in the heat but they reminded me that the contract stated that it would be manager's discretion to be inside or out.  My reservation was for 6 pm and I told them how important it was to start on time because we needed to head off to Chippendales by 8 pm.  We didn't get seated until 620.  So we were rushing through the food.  I really really like the one in NYC better.  It's got character and is whimsical.  Las Vegas' version is whatever.  If you don't make it to NYC, then I guess you can settle for Vegas.
1	Waited forever for a table instead of sitting outside in the sweltering heat. After an hour, our table opened up only right before we sat our asses down, another server came to tell us she had already reserved the table for someone else. WTH!
2	After watching the movie and wanting to eagerly try the famous frozen hot chocolate, I was excited to check this place out while vacationing in Vegas.  One word just about sums it up - overrated!  Went here for breakfast and ordered the Frozen hot chocolate french toast, hangover omlet and the kids teddy bear pancakes, along with the frozen hot chocolate for two for dessert.  The omelet was super dry (had to lather on ketchup and tobasco), the kids pancakes looked like something I could whip up at home, the french toast was mediocre and the frozen hot chocolate was definetly only worth $5 instead of $15.  For that amount of money, I was expecting something that eluded excellence from the very first sip. The service was also tremendously slow and it wasn't even crowded.  We saw our food sitting under heat lamps just waiting to be brought to our table for a good 15 minutes or so.  I've had better breakfast at iHop and cheaper.  Most defintely not worth $65 for our meal.  Advice?  If you really want to try the frozen hot chocolate, order it from the take out window.  As for me, I'd rather spend $15 on a tall frothy better tasting beverage from Fat Tuesday!
4	This visit was on point with our last visit. It was defiantly more crowded than our previous visit but that was to be expected since we went later at night and just for dessert.Per usual, the ice cream oriented dishes didn't disappoint. The frozen hot chocolate tasted a little off however. My wife described it as a tad chalkier than previous visits and the canned version (make at home version I should say).Service was good despite a busy night. Also, we were seated very quickly with only a few minute wait.It's worth a visit for dessert but i'd skip the food. Last time it was sub-par and not worth it.
4	The fun, colorful dining room marries well with Serendipity's selection of over-the-top food.  A foot-long hot dog? Yep, they have that.  Massive sundaes and chocolate drinks served in goblets?  Check.  We sampled the strawberry frozen hot chocolate, mint frozen hot chocolate, red velvet sundae, chicken chopped salad, nachos, and heirloom tomato salad.  Everything was very good.  Of the savory dishes, my favorite was the nachos because the tortilla chips were so light and crispy.  Of the sweet, I enjoyed the mint hot chocolate, though I thought it could use more mint flavor.  Service is cheerful and prompt.  Expect long lines and a wait, so try to make a reservation.
4	Went here for desert only, and Serendipity 3 did not disappoint. I walked in thinking I wanted a cookies and cream milkshake, which they did have on the menu. However, the ice cream sundaes looked so good, I had to reconsider my choice. I ended up ordering the deep-friend Oreo extravaganza, which included cookies and cream ice cream, whip cream, and that marshmelo sauce. My server wisely advised me to order the marshmello sauce on the side, because it is way to sweet in any sort of normal dose. The deep-friend Oreos were awesome, the seemed to be breaded in corn flakes. Seriously, it put the OC Fair to shame, and that is not easy to do in the deep frying department. My girlfriend ordered the "Can't Say No" sundae, which included humble pie (peanut butter on a graham cracker crust), peanut butter ice cream, coffee ice cream, and a banana. It was freaking awesome, and that humble pie stuff was great. I must say, the decor was a bit weird. It had sort of an Alice In Wonderland thing going on, including a clock painted on the wall the showed three-o-clock at all times. I suppose that is because this is Serendipity "3," but I am such a stickler about time that it annoyed me. They also had like signs on the wall from old gas stations and stuff. It just didn't match, and it didn't work. Maybe there was a point to it all, but if there was I missed it. So, this place is close to five stars (for desert anyway, we didn't order any other food) but not quite there. I would go back though.
4	Four star for the food and two for service!!  If you're familiar with Serendipity's in NYC..it won't disappoint, but the service was a little lacking.  Wait can be a little long during peak time. We were there around 4 pm and it was packed, but it was also very hot outside...summer is bad in Vegas!! So be prepare to wait. Outdoor and indoor seating available. Also have counter service; other side of the restaurant. Full bar.  It's located right outside of Caesars Palace!!Go if it's slow, but I would not wait in line for the food, there are plenty of places to eat and drink on the strip.A sundae can run you 13.00 and up!!
2	Their frozen hot chocolate is, in my opinion, overrated. I came here with my family after dinner for their famous frozen hot chocolate but it was a bit disappointing and definitely overpriced. It pretty much tasted like a blended chocolate milk slushie. The wait was pretty long as well. At least I can say that I have finally tried their frozen hot chocolate but I would not get it again. A $10 drink that's barely enough for two? No thanks. Also, the staff was not that friendly as well.
4	Cute place with a fun atmosphere. Great service. The food smelled wonderful. We had the frozen hot chocolate, which was rich and delicious! I'll go back and try the meals sometime soon!
3	The food was good, but the wait was ridiculous to get our food.
3	Food is okay for the price. Get the frozen hot chocolate to share!
1	Since i can't leave negative stars I'll give them 1. The waiting time was a while, which was understandable because the inside of the restaurant was full. After half an hour, we were finally seated. It then took us another 15 minutes for our waitress to come by and get our drinks. We waited 20 minutes for glasses of water. We waited another 10 minutes to get our order taken. About 40 minutes later we were still waiting for our meal. Our waitress never came back to let us know how long it was gonna take or to apologize about the wait. She didn't bring us anymore water. She refused to make eye contact with us the whole time. At that point, our group had been tired of waiting and getting ignored so we left. We went into Caesar's Palace and ordered from the food court. It took us 5 minutes to order and get our food.I will NEVER go back to Serendipity 3.
2	1. "serendipity 3, can you hold?" sure, and then they hung up on me five minutes later.2. "serendipity 3, can you hold?" sure, and then they hung up on me ten minutes later.3. "serendipity 3, can you hold?" sure, and then they hung up on me five minutes later.4. "serendipity 3, can you hold?" NO! i've been holding and hung up on for the last 20 minutes!!!  FINALLY, i got a reservation.seriously, why was that so hard?  i ended up having to cancel that reservation because my daughter fell asleep.  we decided to just walk in on a thurs afternoon after we checked out of our hotel and got seated within 15 minutes.  the menu is whimsical and has a little bit of everything, reminiscent of a cheesecake factory.the main reason we came is because i have wanted a frrrrozen hot chocolate ever since i saw kate beckinsdale & molly shannon leave one on the table in that scene in the movie of the same name.  while it didn't disappoint, i don't think i would go out of my way for one again.fun place to hang out and dine w/ kids, if you can handle the wait and slow service.
3	wait staff could be better by a mile, the food is tasty [land if you have never been here go at least once.
4	Really good food! Came here with a group of people and shared our food so we were able to have a little of everything. Will come back next time!
1	I went to outside walk up lines.  Service was bad.  Wait was way too long to receive order.  Food (nachos) were literally thrown together.  Looked like mushy mess.  Pretzel was dry and hard.  Frozen hot chocolate was just a shake in a plastic cup you could get anywhere.  Very disappointing.
2	Good for a dessert place, bad for food.  Came here on a Sunday for brunch super hungry.  We waited 30 minutes to be seated and ended up sitting outside on the patio in 106 degree heat.  While they have fans with water misters, they don't reach certain tables.  I had to ask the hostess to move to a better table where we would get at least some mist.  The outside patio is covered by a pink tarp which gave everything a bright pink glare.  Bring sunglasses!We were starving by the time we were seated.  We waited 5 minutes for a server to take our drink order.  By this time we already knew what we wanted to order so we placed our order.  I got an LEO omelet and the main squeeze ordered a  burger.   It took 10 minutes for us to get our water and another 10 minutes to get our food.   My omelet was all egg and hardly any onions and salmon.  It tasted dry and salty.  The burger was okay.  It seemed like forever until we found the waitress to ask for our check.  We ordered a cookies and cream milkshake to go. That came back 5 minutes later along with our check.  My experience here was pretty bad.  I feel like it was a waste of time and energy sitting around waiting, waiting, and waiting for food that wasn't even good.  The best part of the whole experience was the milkshake--it was delicious.
5	Fabulous!! I've been wanting to try a Serendipity's Frozzen Hot Chocolate ever since seeing it in the movie Serendipity. It did not disappoint.The waitresses were friendly and service was fast. I ordered the original and it was delicious. My friend ordered the mocha or coffee frozen hot chocolate and loved it as well.My only gripe about this place is that the souvenirs were expensive. I get that it's Vegas, but $20 for a coffee mug?! Yikes!
3	I have always wanted to try Serendipity 3, even if it meant that we had to wait in line for one hour. We just wanted to see what all the hype was about and taste some of their yummy dessert. The service was nice and friendly. I'm sure it might be a little frustrating for the hosts to have to tell people to wait for such a long time. No problem for us. We waited at the bar next door and killed some time by consuming some beverages. The host was also very polite. They seated my bf right next to a sunny window and it was about 110 degrees out. She tried to help him out by taking down the shade and making him more cozy. We ordered a steak sandwhich with eggs and one of their chili dogs. The food was good but not the best. However, I couldn't complain. My bf said the orea shake was a perfect treat. He is a huge icecream buff so I really wanted him to try it. We would probably use the pick up window next time. I heard that it's a great way to get your dessert in a quick manner. I am definately glad we tried it but probably won't come back without a reservation next time.
4	I LOVE Serendipity 3.  I know that other reviewers are all salty about the long waits, the sometimes crappy service, the prices, etc., but I love it here.  I have never had anything bad here (The burgers, pizza, and grilled cheese are great...I dream about that grilled cheese and tomato soup.  Seriously.), the service has always been decent (even at the bar), the place is adorable, you can either sit indoors or out, AND you can choose to order from the restaurant or their takeout window.  Of course sitting outside is hot (IT'S THE DESERT, PEOPLE!), but you get a nice view of the strip for people watching and you get sat faster.  Plus?  Food is always better with crazy people smack talking.  Try it...I swear.  I always make a trip to Serendipity when in Vegas and you should too.
3	Eh. Thats all I thought after being here. The service was whatever, the atmosphere was whatever, and the menu was whatever. I honestly found the frozen hot chocolate to be incredibly overrated. I wouldn't recommend anyone to go out of their way to try this place out but if you happen to be in the area and theres no wait, then hell, why not?
4	The dessert was DELICIOUS. We had the frozen hot chocolate and a sundae. Both did not dissappoint. And the food was good, nothing memorable but nothing to complain about. You don't go there for the food though. We also got a coupon for a free frozen hot chocoalte w/ a purchase of a meal from our hotel. That made it even better!You defintely need a reservation. We did not  have to wait at all. Would go back!
4	I came here for the frozen hot chocolate! It was good but not slap your baby good. If you are really crazy try out their $1,000 sundae with edible gold! Ouhhhh fancy.
3	Food: Yummyplace: ehservice at bar: pretty crappy. Long wait to be seated so we opted for bar, and just had desserts their famous Frrrrzen hot chocolate and a strawberry milkshake. Both were yummy, but I agree in that th one in New York tastes better, that one has an overall cooler vibe, and is more quaint and real, while this one in LV is very staged, like an ice cream parlor from disneyland. The service was bad because the blonde bartender just seemed pissed off. She didn't smile just grabbed our menus back when we said we weren't haven't drinks (after glimpsing at the overpriced drink menu). She wasn't purposely rude, just seemed so jaded and ready to be out of there. Everyone has those days, but just call in sick, geez. If you aren't going to NYC anytime soon, this is worth a try when its not so packed for their desserts, both of ours were yummy (they were so big they were are lunch! lol). But I won't be coming back anytime soon.
3	After nearly making Vegas my second home, I've decided to give the famous Serendipity a try ..Came here on a Saturday night around 11 pm and the wait was 35-45 minutes. However, the part that puzzled me was half of the tables were empty. We waited some more to get water and we waited a little bit more to order. After that, we waited much more longer for our food. Was it worth all the wait? Ehhhh, not really. The crab cake salad was good, but the shrimp pesto pasta was lacking.Maybe I could be wrong, maybe they're just famous for their dessert, maybe their food isn't all that in a hat, but after waiting for so long,  we didn't even have room in our stomach for dessert.
3	Another over-rated restaurant in Las Vegas.I had 'crab cake benedit' and my friends had 'the one and only las vegas style steak breakfast sandwich' and waffle.  The benedit and sandwich tasted good, which were A+.  I really enjoyed the egg yolk running between the jumbo crab cake, it is really delicious not only because im a fan of pouch eggs and crab cakes, but because the hollandaise sauce was tailored made for both of them.  Second thought, serendipity got to make these plates right because they are $30 benedit and $20 sandwich.  However my poor waffle friend had to return his waffle coz it was totally soggy and seemed half done.  Poor guy had to watch us eat.  haha...  The waitress was nice enough to give him a new one however he didnt have much luck on the second one.  The second one was burnt, but he was starving so he had to take it.  poor guy.  I guess this place can make either soggy or burn waffle only.I have no clue why everybody else is crazy for this 'frozen hot chocolate' thing.  It is a $10 chocolate smoothie.  I cant see why people crazy for it.  I tried couple sips, which tasted like other chocolate smoothies.  Nothing special.  Actually i wish the chocolate favor can be stronger coz it tasted like a bowl of super ICY  milky coco powder with extra whipped cream.  The presentation is terrible btw, the whipped cream & coco was all over the tea cup plate.  Should i blame the kitchen or the waitress?  If the line wasnt 45 mins long, i prolly would give 1 more star....
4	I had bookmarked the place and then decided not to go based on the reviews, but my friends wanted to celebrate a birthday there. In order to cut costs (we are all poor students!), we decided to split everything. It worked out perfectly! We had appetizer, entree, and two desserts! I paid about $18, which included tax and gratuity. I was full, but not overstuffed and I thought it was well worth it. We didn't try their famous frozen hot chocolate, but did have the banana split and got a red velvet chocolate sundae on the house. Both were delicious and totally satisfied my chocolate craving! Yummy yum yum.The onion rings weren't bad either. They were nice and crunchy. A friend and I shared the pesto italian pizza. It's a flatbread style pizza that's a decent size. If I were really hungry, I would've wanted it all to myself. The wait was about 30 mins. for a party of 8. Not bad.
2	We came to Serendipity to get some hangover relief and one final epic meal before leaving Vegas. To this day, I'm still a bit puzzled why this place is so raved about...On a typical summer Sunday, your wait will be pretty long for a large group. The restaurant itself is fairly small in Vegas standards, so be prepared. We were seated on the outside patio, because that's the only place that could accommodate a group of 12. Even though it was in the shade, it was HOT. Blazing Vegas hot. For some odd reason, the mist fans don't come on until noon, so we were left there sitting for an hour without any relief but our water. It's really not that hard to turn off the timers, guys...The meal itself was nothing special. I ordered the Fried Chicken & Waffles, which came with 2 drumsticks, 2 thighs, one bacon waffle, potatoes, honey mustard and ketchup. The chicken was heavily breaded and was pretty dried out and flavorless. The only thing that added taste to it was the honey mustard. The bacon waffles were alright initially, but they get pretty unbearable after 1/4 of a waffle. The entire dish is just bland and flavorless. I understand they're trying to be unique here with the bacon waffles, but it's definitely not worth $22. For the finale, all of us got the famed highly spoken of frozen hot chocolate. This was the biggest disappointment of the day. For $11, you're basically paying for a huge watered down chocolate milk with some whipped cream on top. That's exactly how it tastes. I experienced no wow factor and I seriously don't see what all the hype is about. It cools you down, but other than that, it's not that great.
3	The last time I came here was about a year ago since we come to Vegas every August.  Last year I remember when we went to the express window, they had two sizes of the frozen hot chocolates; regular and large.  I think the regular was around $8 maybe and when I went recently, I couldn't believe how expensive they've gotten!  Now at the express window they charge $11 for the smaller size!!  They don't have large anymore; just one tiny cup of frozen hot chocolate at a ridiculous price.  I don't remember ever buying a single serving size drink for $11 before...just CRAZY.  Anyways we've eaten here before too and food is nothing special but I do admit, the frozen hot chocolate is really good.  We tried the strawberry this year and I think that one's my new favorite....SO GOOD.  We usually just do the express window because dining in takes so long.  I don't know why the wait is always forever and the hostesses are all grumpy from being constantly busy.  I also came in to buy a package of the frozen hot chocolate mix for $6...and really, I'm pretty sure the mix is just your typical hot chocolate powder.  I'm gonna try making this frozen hot chocolate with just regular hot chocolate mix and see how it goes.  Bottom Line: Love the frozen hot chocolate, hate the price.
5	I dined in yesterday afternoon with a girlfriend. We shared the spaghetti with meatballs and an original frozen hot chocolate. The spaghetti with meatballs was great. The noodles are actually bucatini noodles. It's like spaghetti, but thicker and has a thin hole in the middle. The meatballs themselves were good. Bread crumb filler was kept to a minimum. The dish came with some toasted bread.The frozen hot chocolate was delicious. It was my first time having it. I tried to lower my expectations of it so I wouldn't be disappointed by all the hype. The two of us couldn't finish it.Our server, Ryan L. was the best part of our dining experience. He was absolutely charming, very attentive, and so polite. I'll admit it; he made me swoon. If it's not for the food, I'm coming back for that guy.
3	I had wanted to go here forever to try the frozen hot chocolate. It was good but not outstanding, I guess the anticipation built it up to be amazing. It did really hit the spot in the hot Vegas sun though! My sister had the classic sundae and it was huge but very good.
1	I was totally intrigued the first time I heard of frozen hot chocolate. How can it be frozen and hot?! Well.. after trying it out first hand, I conclude that it was a total waste of my $12 (for just a to go cup size)! It was simply a thick powdery super sweet cold chocolate drink! I rather have a glass of chocolate milk ):I later found out that this other place called sugar factory also has frozen hot chocolate on their menu- for just $6-7. If any of my friends insist on trying it in the future, I would take them to this place instead. I wonder what big of a diff it will be.
3	Thank you fellow yelpers for changing my life one frozen hot chocolate at a time!I absolutely loved the frozen hot chocolate. There were many flavors to choose from, but I decided the OG original because I felt I would not be steered wrong.  The taste of the drink is something I could not really describe. It definitely is not like a frosty or a milk shake, but something in between. It was topped with whip cream and served with two straws for my Mom and I to share.The only reason I could not give five stars to this Serendipity is the fact that it took us 45 minutes to get our drink. The wait was so long and there was relatively a short line. There was only one man working the register and one man making the dishes.  The wait inside was one hour at 11:00 PM. If they staffed the restaurant better, it would totally get a five star in my book.If you are near Caesars when you go to Vegas, regardless of the wait, stop by and try this drink. It is so worth it and is definitely a nice treat in the desert heat.
4	Located in-front of Caesars Palace Las Vegas Hotel & Casino. This is a great place to pick up a quick refresher such as the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate (small). Sounds heavy, but it was mighty refreshing. And two other good things.1.) You can buy it at the express window. 2.) You can sip it under a covered outdoor tent that is constantly spraying mist to cool down the temperature. If you can't fly to NY, this place is pretty good place to try Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, especially cause the weather is sooooooooo hot.
3	I ate at the restaurant this time. On a Saturday afternoon, We ordered the ABC burger with sweet potato fries and crab cake sandwich for 36 (Total Rewards).- They use an iPad to let you know when your table is ready! We had to wait 40min, then they send you a text. U can check how many people are ahead of you. You have 3 MINUTES to claim your seat! - Burger was average. I did like they huge pieces of avocado, hence the A. - Both the sweet potato and french fries were not fresh. McDonald's ALMOST has better fries than them. The're sweet potato fries are stale. AVOID!- Crab crab was delicious with the sauce! must get :)- Service is pretty lame. They want you in and out! Understandable. Small venue, huge demand. At least refill my drink :'(- Open up a TR account and use your points for a free meal! we still had money left over to buy 2 packs of Dentene Ice at the convenience store :)
2	I was a person that used to go to Serendipity since it opened in 09 and to be honest it  has been going downhill.  There were many problems I had with my last experience there a while back.1.  Prices are ridiculously expensive for majority of the food and drinks I remember when the Deep Fried Oreos used to be 14 dollars and now it's 18 IF you are a total rewards member2.  The ice cream I received for the Black and White Sundae was old.  The waiter tried telling me that they get "Fresh" ice cream every day, but I'm a local who used to be a regular and I KNOW for a FACT how the ice cream is supposed to be like.  I'm pretty sure most of you know that when you put your spoon through ice cream it should be smooth and creamy, there SHOULD NOT BE ANY ice crystals inside of the ice cream making it a bit hard and chunky.  I mean its sad that the Ice cream at McDonald's is a lot more fresh than this place gave me for their Black N White Sundae.  Not only that but the Strawberry was pretty lazy to me if they raised the prices.  The reason why it's called a black and white sundae isn't because chocolate and vanilla ice cream, they used to have the strawberries in tuxedos now it's just half dipped in chocolate and white chocolate. I was dissatisfied with this and this was the first time I ever had to RETURN AN ORDER OF ICE CREAM3.  The LV Burger was OK wasn't really worth the price to me at all.  If the price was lowered a bit it would have been a lot better.4.  The people gave us the grasshopper in exchange for the horrible Black N White Sundae and it wasn't that great it was mediocre at best.  It was OK, but not anything too phenomenal at all.I would recommend just going here once now just to say you've been here or get like a Frozen Hot Chocolate to go, but other than that you can find something better
3	Second time in Vegas, second time at Serendipity.It's hot in Vegas. Since that isn't news, we sat on the patio with fans and misters pointed at us. We had to wait about half an hour for our table outside. That to me wasn't that bad... I was hungry, but not as angry as all the people who popped their head from around the waiting area and saw empty tables. Umm, then ask to sit outside. We didn't even bother trying to sit inside with super air conditioning. It's not like I was going to order any ice cream.Our waiter was a gem. He was really nice and a bit chatty once he found out we were from Canada. He came around and got us many refills of our weird tasting coke. He remembered all the little things we asked for... bbq sauce, mayo... He came by to tell us our food was coming in case we were gonna start throwing our cutlery about.This time around, I got the Bleu Burger. It was supposed to come with bbq sauce. I hate bbq sauce, so I asked for mayo on the side in case it was too dry. He asked how I wanted it cooked--- fast? Hahaaa... I ordered mine medium well. Since the burger was wonderful and didn't need the mayo, I dipped my fries in it. Ahhh... the burger had a good amount of blue cheese... mixed in with the juicy burger...  Since it's really hot, even at night, I opted not to finish my mega portion of food. Who wants to be overstuffed when it's 100 degrees out?
1	Serendipity- means a "happy accident" or "pleasant surprise"; specifically, the accident of finding something good or useful while not specifically searching for itFrozen hot chocolate... So will I burn my tongue while getting a brain freeze at the same time? After waiting in line for a tiny $12 frozen hot chocolate drink I was thinking to myself "this better be amazing." Unfortunately, the drink tasted like I was slurping mixed powder through a straw.  Serendipity my @$$! I just got ripped off! Skip this place and go to a super market and buy some milk and choco powder.
3	I think I had too high expectations of Serendipity 3. Everyone raves about the frozen hot chocolate and I have to say that I was slightly disappointed. The frozen hot chocolate is honestly comparable to some good chocolate milkshake...It was good at first but after a while it became too sweet for my taste. This occurred after finishing about half of the to-go cup. This is definitely something you want to share, unless you LOOOOVE chocolate. Another downside was that there was a 2 hour wait to actually sit in the restaurant!! My friends and I opted for the to-go option instead, which was definitely our savior. I'd say that this a place you should check out once for the experience but not really somewhere I am dying to return to.
1	Way overrated... Not great service and food was mediocre at best!
3	I was so excited to try the famous frozen hot chocolate. However, I was terribly underwhelmed. It wasn't anything to rave about. The double chocolate one was way too sweet. I much prefer the chocolate drinks at Max Brenner (located right inside Caesars Palace).The food here is definitely sub par especially for the price. The restaurant itself is ADORABLE. You are definitely paying for the experience rather than for the food. The wait can be atrocious on the weekends and summers, but it's a really whimsical place to visit when in Vegas. The pink and orange colors and the over-the-top decor is quite the sight. Great place to take kids for a fun dining experience, but it there are better places to enjoy a meal in Vegas.
3	Since I've only been to New York City once in my life, and that one visit only lasted about 7 hours (I know, it's heartbreaking), Serendipity 3 in Vegas was my chance to taste a little bit of New York out west. First of all - this place is always crowded. Yes, there's a little "to-go" line outside, but to be honest, that's usually crowded as well. To save a little time, we opted to sit outside in the 110 degree Vegas weather on their little patio area. For some reason, they did not have the fans on, which was unfortunate right from the start.The service was ridiculously slow, even for them being busy. Not having water when it's that hot outside is such a bummer and experience killer. But...some optimisim. The Frozen Hot Chocolate (which, let's be real, is the only real reason to go here in the first place) was pretty much everything I wanted it to be. Boyfriend and I got away with sharing one of the smaller sizes (not the "for two" size, but the "for one" size, which was still pretty big and a little more budget friendly). Totally great. Totally worth a try. Sort of worth the other little annoyances. Definitely worth a visit to one of the Serendipity locations, but if I were you...I would take my chances at one of the other ones.
2	The hostesses were less than friendly, close to being rude.  We waited over 75 minutes for a table, but there were 13 people so we expected to wait.  Honestly it wasn't worth it though.  The food was overpriced although the steak sandwich $33 was pretty tasty.  The Frozen hot chocolate was like drinking chocolate milk with lots of whipped cream for $12!
4	Both the food and service were great.  I would definitely go back on our next trip to Vegas.  Our servers went out of his way to get me the Ahi Salad knowing I couldn't eat the cilantro which is incorporated into the mix.   I was okay going with something else but he knew the Ahi was calling my name; he suggested trying it,  but with another spring mix.  It was appreciated.   Definitely get the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate; it's what put them on the map.
1	Such a bad place. First my friends and I, waited 35 minutes for a table. But we said we will take a table outside. Gee! Then we ordered...server made up for long wait...but when it came time eat...for some odd reason the back of house people did not make my order...veggie burger. By the time I got my food my friends were done. The veggie burger was not great, I had better. The owners really think its business to make patrons wait for a table.
2	I came here recently on a HOT Tuesday night.  It was 99 degrees outside.  My friends and I were visiting from out of town, and after dinner, we decided to go to Serendipity 3.  We were curious about the hype.  We walked over to Ceaser's, and saw the line for ordering outside.  It was LONG.  We also placed our name for a seat inside...we were informed that it would be about a thirty minute wait.  We decided to sit instead.  and we got seated outside.  We decided to share a Double Frozzzen Hot Chocolate for 2 ($15! and there were 3 of us).  The double frozen hot chocolate comes with a scoop of chocolate ice cream and hot chocolate.  When we got it - we were disappointed with the size.  It seemed pretty small for $15.  It tasted like...chocolate milk, with chunks of ice.  We drank it quickly, since we were seated outside and it was hot.  HOWEVER, the next day, we went to a buffet and hat the frozen chocolate hot custard.  IT TASTED EXACTLY THE SAME.  Save your money - it's not really worth the hype...or money.
1	Oh, wow. Where do I begin. First of all, I've been to the one in NYC and it's... a little better. But then again, it's not hard to beat this place.Service is some of the slowest I've ever encountered this side of Chinatown. The food is as ordinary as can possibly be. The prices are insulting. It's like a test of how hungry you really are. Despite these details - sometimes there are waits for seating here. WHY? HOW? Though, I get it. People are fresh out of clubs at night and must just be starving. That's really the only reason I can think of. It's awful.It almost gets 2 stars though for having a walk-up window to order from. But it's still slow, expensive, and awful.
2	I can't believe I paid $11 for a regular sized cup of the frozen hot chocolate and it doesn't even contain any alcohol D=  The wait is always long here and honestly, it's overhyped.  I'd rather go to the Sugar Factory.  At least there's a cool area to browse while waiting to be called.
2	We made the biggest mistake by trying to enjoy Serendipity's decadent dessert offerings from the outside - not inside the restaurant because based on the pictures, I wish we went inside!!!The menu here at Serendipity 3 is different than the Serendipity located in the Upper East Side in NYC.  I was quite disappointed w/ the dessert selections here.  I ordered the Deep Fried Oreo's Ice Cream; it was served in a Hawaiian shaved ice cup, for $10 I would expect the quantity of the goods to be more, and the batter that was used on the Oreo's was disappointing.. the cornflakes so did NOT work for me.I now wonder if the menu inside is different than the one outside.Blah.
1	Boy was I itching to get to a computer to give this place a 1 star.  I know a lot of people want to try this place out because of it's famous NY location.  My opinion is that you're better off going somewhere else.It's like 100+ degrees with a decent sized line and the cashier is moving like molasses.  I don't understand how come he is so slow, he is only taking orders...not filling orders.  It's odd when the line at fast food chains can move so fast while this place moves so slowAnd the wait would be worth it if the food was amazing...but it's not.  The frozen hot chocolate (which i believe is their signature item) is nothing more then a glorified frappuccino that costs 2-3x as much as the starbucks version.And i got a grasshopper marshmallow mint sundae that was as disappointing as humanly possible.   It's like 50% vanilla ice cream, 50% whipped cream, a bunch of mint chocolate chunks and possibly some marshmallow syrup?  I couldn't even taste any marshmallow.  It's one of those times when you don't know what to expect but you DO know that what you got was awful.
4	This place is known for the most expensive sundae in the world (which i will likely never try).  But for the rest of us paupers, the frozen hot chocolate is more like it.  You can order a single or for two.  Of course, the gf was with me and so we split the white chocolate.  A giant bowl of white chocolate shake is filled to the brim and topped with whip cream to match and sprinkled with white chocolate shavings.  It's on the rich side, but worth splurging. The food itself is on the pricey side, but why come here just for dessert.  I had the sliders, a good portion.  What makes it is the sauce.  If you have to take it to go, don't forget to ask for a side of the sauce.  Delicious.
5	I was really excited to eat here and I am happy to say that I was not disappointed. The food was delicious, service was great, and the desserts were better than expected. I definitely recommend this place if you are in the area of Caesars!
2	Was not impressed at all. If you love hokey unimpressive food and giant chocolate shakes in a loud environment then by all means Seredipity is your kind of restaurant but not for me.The food was sub-par. I order a basic bagel and lox and they made it club sandwich style. Is that really necessary? The potatoes served with it were fine but rather greasy and not exciting. The frozen hot chocolate was very good as was the pina colada drink I ordered but overall I wouldn't mind if I never came back. The service was disorganized, the place was ridiculously loud and thank goodness we had reservations or I would have gone bananas.
3	Warning- it will take a long while to get your food. At least when you order through the outside window. The menu is a bit more limited but still have good items. The frozen hot chocolate was something I had to try and it was just how it sounded.  The only thing I wasn't too keen about was the sweet potato fries. I didn't expect them to be extra sweet due to the added sugar/spice that they sprinkle on it. Other than that, it's a nice place to grab something to eat if you have time to kill and can't figure out where else to go.
2	It's sad to give the Vegas branch of Serendipity such a low rating because I love the one in New York. The Frozen Hot Chocolate ($11) is delicious as always, but the atmosphere is sorely lacking and the rest of the food feels, well, generic. The Caesar salad was drenched in dressing and about the farthest thing from healthy I could imagine. The burgers the people next to me were having looked good but fairly small given the hefty price tags. In general the worst was the weird antiseptic smell the whole place had. Didn't make me want to eat at all!I'd go back here if I sat outside and only got dessert. Would definitely not sit inside, and would save my money for better food elsewhere.
2	I live here in Las Vegas and wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate. All though it was delicious, it was melting by the time the waiter got it to the table. It had it have been sitting for a while before they got it to us. I wont go back a second time for $11. The Sugar Factory's was cheaper and bigger!!
2	As far as dinners go, the food here is not really that delicious. We ordered the burgers and it was pretty dry. The spaghetti was really plain. The pizza was good, but not worth the money for five slices. The Alfredo was extremely saucy. Should've just stuck with the desserts. Disappointed, but not really since we had complimentary meals.
4	Been wanting to try this place for the longest time and I'm glad I finally got the chance to!A group of friends and I came here because we were so undecided about what to do on a friday night since we were not clubbing. I keep hearing about the frozen hot chocolate and the $1,000 sundae and $69 hot dog! ( which I hope to try soon! ) Since I didn't have $1,000 to splurge and I didn't hear about the hot dog until recently, I got the crab cakes which was good. It had a good amount of crabs and the sauce complimented the crab cakes very well. From the looks of it, a spoonful of salad with two good size of crab cakes didn't look like it would fill me up at all, but it did! I also got to try a proscuitto sandwich and that was also pretty good! The bread had a nice and soft texture, and the veggies were fresh. Their alfredo is also pretty good too!The one thing I didn't care too much for was their frozen hot chocolate. We got the popular flavor which was the peanut butter one with a shot of alcohol. ( I forgot what alcohol ) It was good, but I just feel like I was eating reese's peanut butter ice cream with alcohol and I could get that for 4 bucks a carton at albertsons and just add a shot of baileys to it. Overall, I had a nice experience and I would make my trip back here just to try the hot dog and the golden opulence sundae if I was ever ballin.
2	It's sad to give the Vegas branch of Serendipity such a low rating because I love the one in New York. The Frozen Hot Chocolate ($11) is delicious as always, but the atmosphere is sorely lacking and the rest of the food feels, well, generic. The Caesar salad was drenched in dressing and about the farthest thing from healthy I could imagine. The burgers the people next to me were having looked good but fairly small given the hefty price tags. In general the worst was the weird antiseptic smell the whole place had. Didn't make me want to eat at all!I'd go back here if I sat outside and only got dessert. Would definitely not sit inside, and would save my money for better food elsewhere.
4	My friends and I were melting in the Vegas heat so we decided to cool off with a sundae and frozen hot chocolate. The line for take out was too long, even though it went by quickly, we didn't want to wait around in the heat. There were a lot of people ordering to go, then taking their desserts and food to tables nearby to eat but we wanted the whole "experience". We gave the hostess our name and phone number and she put it down in the ipad and quoted us about 25-30 minutes. We didn't wait that long at all, and when our table was ready they called our phone which was very convenient. We sat on the back patio, and surprisingly, it wasn't scorching hot at all. We ordered the CAN'T SAY NO Sundae, which came with a chocolate/peanut like brownie thing, bananas, vanilla, coffee ice cream, whipped cream, fudge and a cherry. Not only did it look good, it tasted amazing! The sundae was good enough for the 3 of us to finish. I had a sip of my friend's frozen hot chocolate and it was good at first but I got really sick of it after a bit. I think it could easily be made at home... but I'm not so sure. I feel that it only looks nice, and probably tastes so good is because of the ton of whipped cream they put on top. It was literally as big as our can't say no Sundae. We didn't try the food, which I regret because the food looked soooooo pretty. We saw a salad served in a coconut and the hot dogs looked good, I'm not so sure about the taste but I'll try that the next time I'm there.
1	Went for the famous Frozen Hot Chocolate.  The line was VERY long and VERY slow moving.  They have food in addition to the desserts, so we decided to eat our lunch here as well.  The Frozen Hot Chocolate I'd give maybe 3 stars; not great not bad.  EVERYTHING ELSE about this place gets ZERO STARS.  The people working were unfriendly, bordering rude (cashier, cook, and one other person who all spent more time joking and laughing with each other).  My salad had the large stem/base in it, ugh.  2 of the girls in our group ordered pretzels and were waiting by the pick-up window for a good 10 minutes before someone in our group asked how much longer it would be only to be informed that they were out of pretzels.....was anybody going to tell them?!?  I would never go back nor would I recommend this place to anybody.  I'll make you some frozen hot chocolate, save your 4 bucks and time out of your life.
5	Food was great, The sweets awesome! A lil expensive but it is worth it for a first time visit and the atmosphere is kewl. Our service was excellent...
1	Stopped in here on a very hot day. Line up was very long. Very bored looking hostess took our name and said she would text us when a table was free. Nobody was clearing tables so there were quite a few dirty ones. There were also quite a few clean, empty ones but I guess they text you to tell you a table is free and lots of people don't come back so the tables just sit there empty. Seems very inefficient to me. Meanwhile my son asked for a glass of water and the snotty waitress told him he would have to wait until he was sitting at the table. I asked the bartender instead and he politely provided a glass of water. Waiter got our order wrong but never came back to check our table. When he presented the bill and we told him, he just shrugged.I expect overpriced food and drink on the strip but the service at this place sucked.
5	i'm not going to tell you this place is amazing, or heaven in my mouth becuz its not like i've had everything on the menu and know for a fact it all is wonderful. but from the few things that i was fortunate enough to try here, it sure seems that way.prices are very decent for the portion sizes! everything is usually under 20 dollars but is big enough for two people to definitely share. i for one love the hangover omelet i think it is. its like 10 dollars about, comes with seasoned potato wedges on the side. it is the best omelet i have ever had! i mean, it comes with french fries INSIDE of it! what??? who does that! GOD does. i am pretty sure God cooks french fries into his omelets. definitely recommend if your an omelet eater.the other thing i was completely surprised by was the strawberry waffles...they were so good i want to cry! they come with freshly made whipped cream, strawberries, and syrup(which i didn't even need they were so perfectly sweet already) i mean, i don't even LIKE waffles and i'm telling you to try them. you will not be disappointed unless are the type of person that doesn't like sweet and creamy perfectly combined and sprinkled with unicorn sparkles.....but hey, its not for everyone.another good thing, frozen hot chocolate. i've had plain, peanutbutter, and mint chocolate! all have been to die for. i really don't need to say more. just buy it.i also had their strawberry banana smoothie which was even better than my favorite smoothie from jamba juice...sorry jamba. it was only the one time i swear!best thing about sprinkles was the service! first time i went there, i was really impressed. our food took a little longer to come out than we thought it should but we didn't even say anything about it, our waitress just came over and apologized and when it came time to order the frozen hot chocolates, we were debating between two of them so she brought out both and comped one because of the wait. very nicely done!
3	Shhh... When I go, I stalk their tiny bar for seating. I can usually find a place to sit with my companion (s) in under 10 minutes. I love their chili. It is well spiced and has nice savory chunks of meat. I have no idea why it's so good. The frozen hot chocolate is good, but I really go for the chili cheese fries!
5	wow really awesome place we had a steak sandwich which was hugh enough to share. The dessert looked great could not get any from being so full from our meal. we will be going there for desert next time we are in vegas.
5	We stopped here before we left vegas. We didn't eat inside because the wait was 2 hours long! We just decided to order at the To-Go window because i really really just wanted the frozen hot chocolate. OMG it was to die for! I crave it like all the time now! I can't wait to go back to get it again. The girl at the window was super nice too. We had a little conversation while I was ordering.
2	I have gone here a total of four times over the course of a year. I would say that's four times too many. The customer service here is garbage. I can guarantee that you will experience any of the following: 1) Your server will forget about you. 2)You will be forced to harass a bus boy to order your food or get the check. 3) The servers/ bartenders working there telling you things about their menu that are NOT great Their entrees are generic main stream dishes that are comparable to an ordinary TV dinners, but for quadruple the price. Same goes for the appetizers.If you wanted to go here because you think it's a cute place to visit, do NOT sit inside. I get that it's Vegas, and they want you in a partying, happy mood, but does it need to be at the noise level they blare the music at? Sure, the inside is still cute and quaint, but outside is just as nice.On the flip side, their desserts are pretty good. You can't go wrong with the sundaes and shakes, and the portions are very pleasing. I love the frozen hot chocolate, although the bartender blatantly told me he thinks it's a waste of money and nothing special D: If you ABSOLUTELY MUST eat here, just do NOT order any of the entrees. Just order their desserts. Just come here after dinner and you and sit outside so you can still keep your hearing. They have fans outside so it's not so bad when it's hot.
3	This was my first time to Serendipity 3  Tried to make reservations and it was a hassle. Once we got there we were seated immediately. Service was slow. Atmosphere was like eating in a cafeteria. Food was good though. I was disappointed as it didn't live up to the hype. It won't be a place I frequent on the strip.
2	This place is the pits!! They don' take reservations and parking here sucks.  We went for the Las Vegas Dining Out week that is supposed to benefit local charities. We got there at 11:20 am on a Friday and were told there was a 20 minute wait for lunch. FML!  OK give my cell phone number to the hostess who puts it into her snazzy iPad then we go sit.  We wait, we wait, we wait some more. Finally I get a text message our table is ready. While this feature is really cool here's where it goes all wrong.  Only one hostess behind the stand [not good]. She's on the phone....there's a long line of people waiting to give their information to her...we walk to the front of the line to claim our much anticipated table.  Guy in line starts yelling out us for cutting the line!!!  So it sure does appear we were doing that, how would he know that the table is on my phone and it's indeed our turn to sit, not a good way to start the meal after long wait time already.We sit down. We ask for the Las Vegas Dining Menu.  Which is difft from what's on the site, but OK no biggie.  It also wasn't offered to us???  boooooo   PS- We are spending a fixed cost of $30.12 for lunch that's how this deal works so we aren't expecting to have a 'cheap meal' here.  They mess this all up from there on out.  Meals came out before apps, apps came out 1.5 mins before meals, there wasn't enough room on the table, the place is cramped so people keep knocking into our chairs, purses are falling on floor, waitress is blaming kitchen b/c this promo just started [which she thinks we are dumb b/c it hadn't just started], too much food on the table, blah blah blah. This list goes on and on and on.Appies were fine, nothing exciting.  Tomato & Mozz salad had the blandest dang dressing I've ever tasted and HELLO this type of salad needs kick b/c it's very bland to begin with.  Chicken Sandwich was soggie and the bread was ALL wrong. I dissected it like my science project frog and ate parts of it somehow.  Chicken Salad Sandwich got the 'wouldn't order it again' from my boss.  The best part of the meal was ---Ding Ding--Dessert!  it was by and LARGE the best part of our experience. SO, if you eat here [I have pix that I posted] only get dessert.   But if you don't have to eat here HEAD OVER TO SUGAR FACTORY, you'll be happier :)
4	Frozen hot chocolate! What a concept. Obviously, being the yelper that I am, I decided to give it a try. My 2 friends and I shared one (the one for two people) and it was the perfect size for an afternoon snack. The frozen hot chocolate was good and kind of did taste like frozen hot chocolate. I would definitely give this place a try if you've never had frozen hot chocolate before! and its also really refreshing on a hot day!
4	Let's be real. This place is heaven on Earth. If you don't have time to sit and enjoy the experience, def. do the to-go line outside, but I won't lie, you will probably find yourself waiting/spending the same time outside as you would have to be seated and served indoors. This place reminds me of a real life Mary Poppin's extravaganza. The food is fun, whimsical, and overly delicious. The Frozen Hot Chocolate is HUGE and to die for: served with two straws for sharing (awwwwweeee) and a big pile of whip cream on top! #winning Come hungry and bring money - while it is delish, it is also overpriced, but hey! You are on vacation and YOLO and all of that other stuff.
3	I just wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate ever since I heard about it 4 Vegas trips ago. FINALLY got to go![-] ...and wtf, so expensive![-] $11 for what looks like a grande Starbucks drinkFROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE (ORIGINAL)[+] it actually tastes like what it says. hot chocolate but in cold form[-] a bit too sweet for my taste then it got too bitter for my taste... ahahaMaybe I'll try another flavor.... when I win in the casino or something. $11 is a lot to fork over for a tiny drink!
4	went here for breakfast one sunny morning, got there early and glad i did! the place was packed about 20 minutes after we arrived.  delicious coffee, best i have ever had.  it was packed with cinnamon and nutmeg. soooo yummy.  i ordered the fried eggs benedict and i gotta say that it was the best damn thing i have ever tasted!!!!  i am still salivating....  cant wait to go back.
2	We are here for Restaurant Week. For the price of $20+, I got a smoothie, breakfast entree, and mini dessert. For the price, food wasn't bad and appropriately portioned. Service was very slow because they were under-staffed. Overall, experience was okay, but happy to give a little to charity!
3	Line is outright ridonculous! One hour wait to be seated inside. Food is okay. Forgot what I ordered but... I think it was omelet...which was decent but not memorably delish~Just go here for the desserts, that's what they are known for... or just get them to go and enjoy them by the tables outside the restaurant.
5	I truly hate walking all the way here through the strip. Same with parking on the strip, but for their one and original treat, it is worth it. Just imagine waiting in line for 30+ minutes during the weekend. Then walking away with the treat in your hand as everyone else in line stares at you. Not directly at you, but what is in your hand, maybe both of your hands... You could even let your significant other hold it, so they feel better about themselves as they stroll along the strip and have dozens of individuals staring in awe.The best thing about this place is their frozen hot chocolate. Mother of God, it is an amazing treat!!!
3	To-go:Line- hardly any or none when my friend and i went, but then my other friends went again and there were around 5 or less people in line.Cashier- Not so nice, but was happy to name some recommendations.Order:Frozen hot chocolate- for around $14 I would not say this is worth it. It has around 22+ different cocos (sp?), but seriously they overcharged. Still, it was pretty delicious. If you're the type to try everything at least once, get this one (most bought item)!Seating: Plenty of seating outside or right next to the door
4	If you're looking for a cute-sy place to try at a great location on the Strip (in front of Caesar's Palace) this place should make your list. Yes it's expensive and probably overpriced but what place on the Strip isn't? The wait is pretty crazy but, I did get a kick ass table outside on the patio with an amazing view and great service! The frozen hot chocolate was amazing, lets be honest, but I couldn't come close to finishing it because the drink is so huge! My friend and I had a fun time chatting, enjoying our beverage/dessert and being on the strip. I would come back for sure!!
3	I've been here about four times. All four times I've had long wait times and mediocre food.The food is overpriced, and most definitely not worth it. it's better to just spend a little bit more and go to a buffet (I recommend Wicked Spoon, and Wynn)! There is nothing special about this place, especially not their "famous" FROZZZEN HOT CHOCOLATE" It tastes like a milkshake. A very expensive milkshake at that. They have decent service though, and a very efficient wait system going on now. The hostesses use ipads, and text you when your table is ready! Technology these days! I can't keep up. I have never used their to go service, so I can't rate them on that, but judging from how long the line is every time I pass by, it seems like it takes just as long. This place reminds me nothing of the movie Serendipity. Kate Beckinsale (GIRL CRUSH!) and John Cusack share an ice cream at the Serendipity 3 in NYC right before Christmas, and it looks so romantic and peaceful. This Serendipity is loud and always crowded. Bah. 2 1/2 stars.
3	I was really looking forward to going here mainly for the frozen hot chocolate. I wasn't really impressed with the frozen hot chocolate so that let me down. The food we had was good though. I had the crab cake sandwich, i can't remember what my friend had but they liked it.
1	The frozen hot chocolate is nothing spectacular. Truly people, probably not worth wasting money at one of the strip's subpar restaurants when there are plenty of other delicious places to eat. I waited well over an hour (without complaints, as I figured I would and the surrounding area is nice) and unfortunately was seated in the VERY loud, VERY dirty, and for some reason, not-so-packed inside. There were empty tables everywhere, so I'm not so sure what we were kept waiting for? This place just seems like a glorified Sweet 16 venue and not much else. As 3, 20-somethings looking for (and expecting, based on reviews) a decent place to eat with a little funky ambiance, I felt more like what I was sitting in was a Chuck E Cheese, serving Applebees' entrees. As for the beloved frozen hot chocolate, you can get the EXACT SAME quality at a Dunkin' Donuts/Baskin Robbins. Is it worth a try? Not really......maybe if you're looking for a place to treat your kids to dinner and dessert and the line at McDonald's was too long.
4	Surprisingly acceptable. I haven't been to the location in New York, but frozen hot chocolate drove me here and quite honestly, I thought it was very very good. Mint frozen hot chocolate to be exact. Definitely a recommend on a hot day in Vegas!Their lunch foods were typical American dishes with slight twists, although I would say that most of whatever originality you see is derived from presentation alone. I wouldn't say lunch is why you should come here, but definitely not an avoid!Oh, and texting you when your table is ready...absolutely awesome feature.
2	Got seated at 2:47pm. Got food at 3:37pm. Yes, folks, you read that right. A 50 minute wait. In that 50 minutes we saw our waitress 3 times. Never was she apologetic for the long ass wait.  Not only was she MIA, she was rude slamming our frozen hot chocolate and to-go box on the table. We spoke to the manager who was nice enough to give us a 25% discount. Maybe she was having a bad day, but deal it with lady, you're in the service industry!! Bad day or not, put a freakin smile on your face and do your freakin job. R-U-D-E! My advice to readers- order the frozen hot chocolate to go and avoid dining in.
3	This is a review based solely on their Frozen Hot Chocolate.So talk about your oxymorons. How can something be both "hot" AND "frozen" at the same time? I wondered that when I was told I should order a Frozen Hot Chocolate here at Serendipity 3. And so after a big dinner outside the Strip, my dad and I decided to save dessert and satisfy my curiosity.After managing to cut through hoards of tourists to even get here, we were immediately faced with yet another crowd, this time all in line just to get in. I didn't realize Serendipity was also a restaurant, and not surprisingly, being located right on the Strip, on a Friday night there were 10 parties ahead of us (which I found out through their handy website and text-notification system). What I didn't figure out right away was that there was also a to-go window, so that's where we went ahead and got our drinks.My dad got the Strawberry, and I went ahead with my friend's recommendation. OMG; That's some rich chocolate.I got what seemed to be about 16 ounces of chocolatey goodness. I loved every sip, but the flavor was so dense I had to take a break after each one. I can see how this drink can leave an impression on people, but I do believe there's a catch. After my dad tried a sip of mine, he made a good point. The Frozen Hot Chocolate was much like pure chocolate syrup. Maybe ice was blended in with the syrup, but that's what it essentially was. But as a chocoholic, why wouldn't I enjoy that?Well, a quick and easy reason is the price. For two of those suckers, I think the bill came out to about $20. A more foodie rationale might also argue the signature drink's lack of subtlety. It's like feeding people who love ketchup an even denser ketchup, with nothing else to enjoy it with. What might be fun is if they gave you biscuit sticks to dip into it, or if they floated, layered, or marbled vanilla ice-cream with the already concentrated concoction. Something along those lines to break it up a little.That's my take on the Frozen Hot Chocolate. As far as the Strawberry version goes, my dad thought it tasted like an overpriced McDonald's Strawberry Milkshake. I concur.
3	I went just for the Frrrozen Hot Chocolates. It was different, tasted like a milkshake but has the texture of a hot chocolate. Its a little on the spendy side for a hot chocolate/ shake but it was worth trying. Peanut butter was probably the best, strawberry seems to always be sold out, white chocolate wasn't to die for, and the oreo was decent. Try one of them!
3	***Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate is pretty good (and is topped off with some nice whipped cream), but it is quite overpriced at $11***I have always wanted to try Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate.  Serendipity has a takeout booth where you can get many drinks and such to go or a sit-down restaurant where you can get a full menu of food options as well as the frozen hot chocolate in a much nicer presentation.  I opted for the takeout booth.The frozen hot chocolate is a good portion size and features a frozen chocolate concoction, which is similar to a milkshake though it really is an iced chocolate drink.  The chocolate drink is good.  It is cool and refreshing and has a good chocolate flavor.  I wouldn't say that it is any more memorable than any other good frozen chocolate drink out there, but it is satisfying enough.They top the drink off with whipped cream and the whipped cream is good.  It is a little thicker than a lot of whipped creams out there and it has a pretty good vanilla flavor.Service was quick on my one visit.Prices were high--probably too high (maybe even too high for Las Vegas).  The frozen hot chocolate runs $11.  I think outside of Vegas, a drink like this one would most likely go for $6 and would probably not exceed $8.Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate is a good but not special drink even though you are definitely paying a special, premium price.  I think it is good for at least one try, but I think the flavor does not really stand out that much.  There is a Vosges boutique in the Forum Shops and that chocolates boutiques used to serve milkshakes--they were far better in terms of flavor and even a little cheaper than Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate.Now that Vosges no longer offers those milkshakes, I'm not sure where you can find a great frozen chocolate drink in Vegas, but a less expensive Haagen-Dazs milkshake would probably provide just as satisfying flavor and experience as what you can have at Serendipity (with the exception of the whipped cream).Serendipity is located in the outside dining area at the front of Caesars Palace.  Caesars Palace offers both complimentary valet and self parking.
3	We came here for the frozen hot chocolate and it was very rich. There were three of us and we had to share it because it was so rich. A single person alone can finish it but that's like a billion calories! Sharing is caring! :)I ordered the Cesar salad and it was ok. There was really nothing special about it. I also tried the onion rings and nachos and again, they were just ok. The food just didn't POP for me!I won't be returning unless I absolutely have too.
1	The way they go through the waiting list and seat people is disjointed and confusing. You think you're going to be handled efficiently because of the cellphone based text notification, but when you get the alert and you go in, no one seems to know what they're doing. When you read the menu, you think, "All of this looks so good!" It is not good.The best thing we ordered was the frozen hot chocolate, which is initially delicious, but after a few sips, quickly becomes underwhelming and leaves something to be desired. The size for two can easily be shared by four, but $15 for what is basically a chocolate smoothie is still unreasonable.My friend ordered the breakfast burger and there were two eggs on it - one of them was raw. I mean, clear white, blubbery yolk, egg-didn't-see-the-surface-of-the-frying-pan RAW. It slooshed out of his burger like snot when he lifted it up to take a bite. My other friend ordered the chicken and waffles. She said the fried coating was saturated in oil and the waffles were brittle and crunchy, like it had been left under a heat lamp for too long.I ordered the balsamic strawberry waffles. The strawberries were supposed to be soaked in balsamic. They were just regular strawberries and all of the balsamic was poured in the center of the bottom waffle. The waffles were at least softer and tastier than my friend's waffles, but they weren't anything special - they were your typical run of the mill, mass-produced Belgian waffle.Four items cost us over $84. This place is a rip-off and the food sucks. The atmosphere is noisy and crowded.Here's a good rule of thumb while in Vegas - if somewhere is family friendly and you're not there in a famIly, skip it.
5	Leo is the best server ever!! Thank you for making our Vegas trip end on a great note! Give him a raise Serendipity 3!!
3	After going to Vegas, I realized there are so many tourist traps, with Serendipity 3 being one of them. The best part about this restaurant is its decor. It looks way better than the food! I felt like I was in a kid's bedroom or in la la land when I was dining here. I've been wanting to come here for quite some time now after seeing Serendipity the movie, and missing the opportunity to go to the NYC location. The wait wasn't too bad. The restaurant is spacious with indoor and outdoor seating on the balcony. Since it was extremely hot outside, we wanted to sit indoor, but ended up outdoors anyway! The outdoor part of the restaurant is so fluorescent! It was like I was wearing sunglasses with pink lens in them the whole time. There was such a pink glow to everything! My gfs and I shared the Macaroni and Cheese, the Hangover Omelette and their signature Frozen Hot Chocolate. Did not like the Mac & Cheese. I think it was because it was WAYYY to cheesy to the point where I can smell the warm cheese which sorta grossed me out. I did like the top of Mac & Cheese though when it first came out! It didn't taste as good as I thought it would be either. The Omelette was whatever. It was a veggie omelette. The egg was nice and fluffy. Loved the fries that came with it! My friend got the chicken strips which was a PLUS! I really really liked how it was fried. The breading was so crumbly and flakey! The Frozen Hot Chocolate was the BEST.  An Icy cold, slushy, thick chocolate drink?! Heaven in my mouth! The chocolate shavings were so good with it too! It wasn't too chocolate-y either. It was the perfect amount and I absolutely love chocolate so this drink was a MUST! Next time I am in Vegas, I want to try the other frozen drink flavors!
2	I went to Serendipity 3 but used the to-go cafe instead ,to order the frozen hot chocolate. It didn't look anything like the picture. The guy behind the counter said there're more chocolate in them vs the restaurant. But still disappointed , I wouldn't spend 11 dollars for that again.
4	I had been dying to try the frozen hot chocolate, didn't think much about the food.  Left, loving the food and thinking the frozen hot chocolate wasn't all that!  We shared the oreo cookie frozen hot chocolate.  It was good but nothing spectacular.  We had the chicken strips for appetizer - great!  They were lightly battered with tempura and they were moist and came with about 5 dipping sauces.  I had the white pizza - great!  My boyfriend had the bbq cheeseburger - he said it was very good.  So big he couldn't finish, perhaps having the frozen hot chocolate and chicken strips first, filled us.  I would definitely go back for the food, it was delish!  BTW -the atmosphere was ok, nothing special the only thing I didn't like, the seating and buidling felt cramped.
1	OMG I love this place because of the movie but also because of the Frrrrozen Hot Chocolate.This is why I am soooo disappointed and freaked out by my last experience. My friends and I made Serendipity our last stop before leaving Vegas. I ordered the Hangover Omelette. I really enjoyed it so I took home the left overs. The next morning, while chewing on a bite, I heard hard loud crunch. I though it was an egg shell at first, but when I felt around and spit it out, I found it was A PIECE OF GLASS ALMOST A CM LONG AND HALF A CM WIDE!!!!This was literally right now and I was in Vegas yesterday. One side is rounded, smooth and shiny, while the other side is jagged and matte. I think its a chip from a plate or something. I am now freaking out wondering if I have already ingested any other pieces.Since I'm not in Vegas and I discovered this at home, I think that calling them and telling them this will just make me look like a crazy person or something.This is why I'm compelled to write this review.
3	I got the Outrageous Banana Split.  The only thing outrageous about it was the price.To be fair, it was very good.  Ice cream, syrup, toppings were all rich and wonderfully smooth.  But even the most perfect sundae in the world is not worth $22.  I always wanted to  try Serendipity at least once in my life.  Now I got that out of my system.
2	On my very first trip to Vegas, I concocted a list of all the touristy things I wanted to do, and of course I had to have a Frozen Hot Chocolate at Serendipity. The Oreo Frozen Hot Chocolate sounded so amazing, but boy, was I disappointed... It tasted like a cup of syrup--so sweet to the point that I threw it away without even making a dent in it. What a waste of $12 and half an hour of my life just waiting in line with no escape from the heat. I guess now I know better...
4	The boy and I devoured a plate of fried chicken and bacon-infused Belgium waffles for breakfast yesterday and it was heavenly. Chicken was juicy. Waffles were perfectly constructed. The hint of salt from the bacon proved to be a magical combination: YUM! Props to you, Serendipity 3.We decided on the dish after shamlessly gawking at the food on the table next to us. Portions are HUGE so share if you can (it'll cut down on the bill too).We washed down our indulgent meal with large cups of hot chocolate and coffee, both on point in taste. Decor was on the whimsy side with hints of a late-1800s ice cream parlor. Cool.Next time I'd prefer to eat outside (the air-conditioning was a bit much). Side note: parking was a bitch. Make sure you have enough time to wander through Caesar's before getting to the restaurant.Service in Vegas is always a toss up for me. We lucked out with our server today. Good job blondie.I will say that by the time we left (10:15ish), the wait looked extensive. Get there early, even if in hangover mode, and do the damn thing. You can always go back to your room and crash out for another four hours.
1	Asked to sit outside on Las Vegas Boulevard strip side, noticed 9 open tables there on entry.....nazi hostess said we will sit you on back patio. I mentioned open tables where i wanted to sit she said ok, you can wait 45 minutes and sit there.What? F u serendipity. Found about a thousand other pleasing restaurants 50 feet away.
4	After I didn't get to come to Serendipity 3 on my last TWO trips to Vegas, I made a point to stop by on my most recent trip.The BFF & I were immediately seated in the bar & given menus. I started with the Raspberry Soho and she ordered the Cotton Candy. We decided to share an order of potato skins. The drinks were delish! The artistry that went into making the Cotton Candy was ridiculous! The potato skins were okay, so I decided to save room for my entree: The 5 cheese grilled cheese sandwich. This was seriously the best grilled cheese of my life. The cheese was ooey, gooey delicious! I could not get enough. In retrospect, I wish I hadn't ordered the potato skins. They were that overshadowed.We couldn't leave without trying the world famous frozen hot chocolate. We went with the original flavor. Let me warn you, this thing is HUGE! Definitely share with a friend. Secondly, the cup comes in a bowl, so don't be afraid to let it spill. The taste of the frozen hot chocolate reminded me a bit of a chocolate frosty from Wendy's, but more ice based. I loved the atmosphere, great music playing, and I wish I'd written down our bartender/server's name because she was phenomenal!
3	Belated review #2 for 31 YELPS REVIEW CHALLENGE:Okay so I've given this place 2 tries, and it's always just been okay.  Also every time I come here I have to wait 20-30 mins for a table!  The food here is pricey, and I just think that I'd rather go elsewhere.  I've tried their cheeseburger which I thought needed ketchup, and their fries could use a little less salt.  The artichoke was good, but it's just grilled, I don't know how wrong you could go with that.  I've also had the onion rings on another occasion...once again okay.  Now let's get to the desserts, so their frozen hot chocolate, it was good, but nothing that I think to myself as something I need to have.  My boyfriend had one of their sundaes and it was huge.  Well most of their portions are huge so thing about sharing, or possibly taking some of it home.  So maybe that makes their price point more reasonable.  A tip before you go, bring your Total Rewards Card, as you will have a cheaper version of the menu, and it's free to sign up for. ;)
3	Only because Oprah put her name behind Serendipity have I gone out my way to visit this location not once but twice. On both occasions the food has been great, but the service is heinous! The staff just doesn't care and make no qualms about voicing their discontent for their work. So, not that I've tried the frozen hot chocolate, I see no reason to come back.....EVER!!!
4	All my friends tell me "you have to go to Serendipity" when you are in Vegas -- I did, for my 21st birthday lunch and I loved it.  Its a really cute place, although the wait is kinda long, but I expected it so it didn't bug me much.  Our waiter was extremely friendly -- he even offered to sing happy birthday. Two things that are a must get, the mac and cheese (OMG SO GOOD) and frozen hot chocolate!
3	I have always wanted to try this place every time I visit NYC but have never had the chance. Luckily on my recent trip to Las Vegas there was a location right outside my hotel. We went there for brunch and the food was quite tasty. The only issue I had was service. It was terrible. It was Saturday morning and we assumed it would be busy. Once we got there we were told the wait would be 30 to 40 minutes which we were OK with. This issue I had was the amount of empty tables. How could the wait be so long if there were so many empty tables? When I asked the hostess she told me they didn't have enough servers so couldn't fill the tables. Are you kidding me? This is VEGAS and you know you are going to have a rush of people on Saturday and you don't have enough servers... definitely not good planning! Regardless we decided to wait around and eat here. All the food we ordered was good especially the chicken/waffles & huevos rancheros. And the Froze Hot Chocolate lived up to the hype. YUMMO! Definitely go there for some good food but except some less than par service.
3	I have heard a lot about this place and came here with really high expectations. I came with a group of about 10 and we waited for about 2 hours. We had to wait outside in the super hot nevada weather but luckily there were huge tents and misters around, but it was still incredibly hot. While we were waiting, my sister got a peanut butter frozen hot chocolate and it was delicious! Quite pricey, but it was worth it. When we finally did get into the restaurant, I ordered the steak and egg sandwich, again very pricey. I have to admit that the sandwich itself was not THAT great. The yolk from the egg was in that kind of coagulated state where it's not really runny and not really solidified either. Also, the skirt steak was a bit dry for my liking. The size of it was really large though. My mom ordered an almond frozen hot chocolate, with my suggestion, and it was not nearly as good as my sister's. The almond one was like little bits of ice floating around in a slight almond flavor with whipped cream and almonds on top. Not the kind of sensation I would expect for an $8-$10 signature drink. Overall I would say my experience here was okay and I guess we had to come here to say we tried it. Hopefully my next trip here will be up to par with what everyone raves about!
1	Went back in August and I TAKE BACK EVERY GOOD THING I SAID ABOUT THIS PLACE!!!!!They no longer serve large sizes of the frozen hot chocolate...but they're charging the regular size as a large. How is that even fair? My friend and I complained to the manager, and she gave us a full refund. We then proceeded to the bar, because the wait was 45 mins long, even though the restaurant was pretty empty. My other two girlfriends waited outside for their to go orders they already placed, which ended up taking half an hour for them to get their crappy salad and ice cream sundae. THIS ONE STAR IS MEANT FOR THE GUY AT THE BAR. He was really cool and gave us what we wanted the entire time. Thank you.Serendipity owners, if you want to keep your establishment in the long run, you might want to hire more servers, shape up your takeout cashiers, and stop raising already steep prices.
1	This place was a disappointment.  The wife and I decided to give this place a try after seeing it on the Food Network.  Although the restaurant and walk up area was empty, it took a half an hour to get our order.  We got the ice cream sundae and frozen hot chocolate.  It was pricey and way too sweet.  I understand that the desserts here are supposed to be super rich and decadent, but this was overkill to the point that it was inedible.  We probably ate a quarter of our order and threw the rest away.  Also, would it kill you guys to wipe down the outdoor seating once in a while?  Everything was sticky and attracting bugs.
3	Cute little French-theme bistro.  But nothing spectacular.  More of a convenient stop on our walk on the stirp.
1	Let me preface the following review by saying that if I didn't absolutely have a terrible experience, I wouldn't have said anything.  This review is also concerning their window ONLY.  I really wanted to go to their restaurant the next time we go to New York, but if this window is a representation of Serendipity 3's brand and values, I am NEVER eating their food again. Our experience at the window was THAT bad!We were only in Las Vegas for one day and wanted to do all the fun stuff instead of gambling.  I had always wanted to go to Serendipity 3 but we just never got around to it during other trips so we decided to try it.  I was really, REALLY excited about the frozen hot chocolate because I had heard about it so many times from people like Whoopie Goldberg, Jessica Simpson and of course from the movie Serendipity.Here is my warning to you, head it if you will: DO NOT ORDER FROM THE WINDOW IF YOU WANT TO GET A GOOD EXPERIENCE!!  I say this after an hour of waiting in their line for below average food.  There was a long wait for the restaurant so silly us thought the window would be faster.  We stood in that line for an HOUR and then once we ordered our food, it took us 20 minutes to actually get a very simple order, which was a chili cheese hot dog, fries and 2 frozen hot chocolates.  Apparently, there was only 2 people working the window for a line of about 50 people.  One girl, who I actually need to commend for keeping her cool.  She was very nice and it didn't seem like the pressure was stressing her out.  The cook on the other hand, was a complete jerk.  It seemed like he was just hanging out back there, not concerned about the line or even caring that people get their food in a timely manner.  He even took off for 20 minutes which is why it took our food so long to actually get to us.  When he came back, he took a sip of his drink and ate some chili, COMPLETELY unconcerned that he had a job to do and maybe needed to do it quite urgently.  Perhaps these are the wrong employees to be working this window.  I suggest getting maybe 4 people who have a deep sense of urgency.  These two lackluster employees are not going to cut it.  I could hear people crumbling behind us about how long the wait was and why were simple orders taking so long.  I felt inclined to get out of the line a few times and didn't because of what I thought I was getting, which was SUPPOSED to be an amazing meal and the rumored delicious frozen hot chocolate.This did not happen.  The food arrived to us cold.  This is because nothing is fresh in this poor excuse for a kitchen.  Everything is just sitting there.  The chili was cold (and too sweet by the way,) the cheese was half frozen and not melted, which means the chili wasn't hot enough to melt the cheese, the wiener was overcooked but cold on the inside and the bun wasn't toasted, the fries were soggy and cold, and the frozen hot chocolates, ohhh.....The frozen hot chocolates were a HUGE disappointment!  The drink itself was pre-made and had been sitting on the counters the whole time we were in line because I could see inside the window.  The whipped cream was good and I guess the drink tasted ok but it was warm because it had been sitting there and it was melted.  The actual idea of the "frozen hot chocolate" is just ridiculous.  It's basically a glorified shake.  I THOUGHT it was hot chocolate with a scoop of ice cream in it! THAT would have been MUCH better!  Instead, I got a watered down shake I could have gotten at Baskin Robbins.  I don't really like Baskin Robbins but in this case, it would have been WAY better than what we were served.  It would have been fresh too.The prices are also really outrageous.  $12 for a glorified shake?!?!  After an hour and 20 minutes, we were able to sit down.  The food was completely inedible.  My husband, who normally keeps his cool and tells me to let things go, was outraged.  This coming from a guy who will eat ANYTHING!  We discussed how we would handle this and the possible ramifications and decided that we NEEDED to say something. I went to the restaurant and asked for the manager and saw that the inside of the restaurant was WAY better than the window.  It was like a completely different restaurant.  The manager came out and was really helpful.  I told her of our experience and dissatisfaction and let her know that I normally wouldn't ask for a refund because it's more about letting them know so they can improve but our experience was so negative that I was demanding a refund at this point.  She was very nice and said she completely agreed and rushed to get me a refund.  That made the situation slightly better and I appreciate that there are at least people in the main restaurant that know what good customer service is.I am really sad that this experience has tainted my want to try this restaurant again.  Even if I go to New York.  Stay away from the window in Las Vegas and I am sure that their food is actually good.
4	We ate on the patio of the restaurant. I ordered a triple decker grilled cheese, my companions ordered a strip steak sandwich and spaghetti. The food was delicious. I was glad we got the patio because the inside of the restaurant was cold, dark, and LOUD. We went on a Friday night at about 10 pm. The service was decent. We had a ninja waitress who appeared out of now where to check on us but couldn't be found otherwise. The view of the strip from the patio was great. Overall, we really liked it. Plus there are so many delicious classic and strange things on the menu, I want to go back for more.
2	We went here for brunch food and not the desserts for which they are known. We ordered from the take out window - which was extremely slow though we assumed it would be the faster bet as there was a 35 minute wait for a table in the restaurant. We got various burgers and breakfast sandwiches. Those of us who got burgers were VERY disappointed. The breakfast sandwiches came on croissants which were good. When all is said and done, this place is known for desserts and should probably be the thing you order there.  Go somewhere else for non-desserts.
5	You're here for the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, right? Why else would you be here? The cold chocolate drink is super delicious. Maybe it's the chocolate richness. Maybe it's the tiny bits of ice. Maybe it's all that creamy sweetness. Whatever it is prepare yourself for one of the best treats around!Don't bother waiting for a table. You're not here for anything else anyway. Stand in the to go line outside the shop and order the one of a kind $11 frozen hot chocolate.
2	We went on friends' recommendations and, of course, for the Frozen Hot Chocolate. After all the hype from the movie of the same name, we found Serendipity 3 to be less than impressive.We had a waiter who dogged us to order for twenty minutes, while we read the extensive menu and tried to figure out what to have for dinner. They weren't busy. We finally settled on crabcakes, which were good but not fabulous. Then, we had a Frozen Hot Chocolate. Delicious, but somehow I expected more. Reported to have 20 different chocolates in it, were hard to determine.The most off-putting part of the restaurant is that the music is SO loud, you can't carry on a conversation. Maybe that's why we didn't have a GREAT time there. That and the dogging waiter.Will we go there again? Probably not. With the many choices for eats, we'd rather have something truly amazing than something over-hyped.
3	Overpriced, slow service, food was good., but not great. I don't recommend going here. There are better options on the Las Vegas strip. I had a hot dog, mac n cheese w/ bacon, frozen hot chocolate, and fries. None of them stand out as great taste, but the portion size was okay. I just don't see myself going back again.
2	We made reservations and requested an outside table. Was told at that time the patio was closed for a private function.We arrived and the two Hostesses had the warmth of an unplugged toaster. Not a good impression since they set the tone. When they did finally call us she asked whether we wanted inside or out. I told her what I was told and she said she would check. She waived us over and put us inside near the patio door. There was a group behind us with no reservation and she sat them outside. As we sat there were 4 outside patio tables open during our hole service.Our waiter was attentive to a point but they serving staff needs to learn about "reach" and not putting your arm across a table in a customers face, not once but twice.The meal was good but no attention the whole meal and drink refills needed to be requested.The location does well just because of location and tourists will hit it once ad leave with the bad experience. As locals we remember and will pass that on. Maybe if the Manager or Floor Supervisor would have stopped by like good Customer oriented Resteraunt's do it might have been a different experience?
1	My bridal party and their dates made a special trip out to Serendipity 3 the night before my Mandalay Bay wedding and had, quite possibly, the worst experience I've had at any restaurant ever.  Their staff was rude and inattentive.  Our server, who ignored us most of the time we were there, spilled some kind of disgusting cream all over me (in my bride shirt and sash) and offered no apology or even extra napkins.  All we got was an, "oops" and smile.  Absolute garbage.  The manager, who was slovenly in his appearance, and couldn't be bothered when there were pretty girls in his view, ignored our request for more napkins and neglected to say a word to the server who spilled all over me.  We paid a total of $70 for flat and warm beer (which took 25 minutes to get to our table) and a couple of alcoholic frozen hot chocolates that were so full of flavored syrup, you couldn't taste anything else and a disgusting cream shower from an inattentive, rude service staff.  After our check arrived, we tried to speak to the manager again about our ruined visit (we ended up just leaving our drinks and dessert because I had to go clean up), he offered us no break in the check, an apology from our server or anything else. Oh, he did offer us something...one shot for one person in our table of 6 to make up for it.  Definitely disappointed.  This was one thing I had on my "must-see" list and made a special trip out on my last night out before my wedding to be there...and it was ruined by a rude staff, flat beer and an oblivious manager.  Save your money and get a milkshake from McDonald's.  This place is not worth the wait, cost and disappointment that is sure to follow.  Two thumbs way down.
5	you musst get the forbidden broadway sundae! totally hit the spot with the yum diddily umptious chocolate cake and ice cream and whipped cream to top it off! i went with 2 girlfriends and they aren't much of a chocolate lover but they really enjoyed it too! i kept wanting to go back and get their dessert but we never had time.. so sad. atmosphere: you really feel like you are in alice in wonderland. the cups and straws were oversized and you feel like your at the mad hatter's tea party!
4	Forbidden Sundae and Deep Fried Oreos Sundae!  Need I say more?!?!  Both are sinfully delicious and so worth every calorie!   Of course want to try other stuff on the menu someday...Frozen Hot Chocolate is their traditional specialty and so good!
3	Ugh, this place is EXPENSIVE. The frozen hot chocolate is something that you should do once in your life for the experience but the food here is all standard american food you can get anywhere else for a fraction of the price!
4	Out for a walk, stopped in had a pitcher of beer and some nachos, very nice portion for two. ordered a side of onion rings, awsome! made from scratch. very friendly server. nice place to sit outside for a little bit.
1	So I finally got to go to Serendipity and boy was I disappointed. First of all the service started on the wrong foot. We told our server we just wanted dessert and right away she yanked the menu's out of our hands and asked us what we wanted. (Just because we want dessert doesn't mean we don't want to look at the menu and order something else off it) So we opted for the Frozen Hot Chocolate $15. Well I was very disappointed, there was nothing special about this dessert, it was just a frozen chocolate dessert like watered down Ice cream. Man I was so disappointed, I can't believe people actually rave about this dessert! There was nothing special except $15 down the drain. Well I had to finish this dessert, it cost me $15 and boy it took a while for our table to finish.I know forsure I will never come back to Serendipity. Service was horrible, all the female servers seemed to be in a bad mood, the only thing I noticed at this restaurant was that all the men looked happy. If you ever decided to eat here, just got to Max Brenner and grab an Oreo Shake, that is AMAZING!
1	This is a warning for anyone planning a group event at Serendipity.I planned a 13-guest bachelorette dinner at Serendipity. I prepaid nearly $600 for an a la carte menu, and signed a contract beforehand with all the T&Cs. While I read this carefully, I didn't think too much of the statement: "Seating is up to the manager's discretion." I should have paid more attention because it was 100F -- even at night -- when we arrived. And my party of 13 was placed on the patio outside in this sweltering heat while the dining room remained half filled. When I requested to be reseated, the management promised me that they'd move us as soon as 5 more seats became available, yet we watched as walk-ups were continually seated instead. While the food was indeed great, it was hard to appreciate as no one was in the mood for eating in that uncomfortable heat. More than half the food and drink ordered went unconsumed. To add insult to injury, someone had the ingenious idea of putting misting fans on the patio to try and cool down the patrons, which just resulted in ruining all 13 girls' hairdos which had been carefully done for the night out.Maybe it sounds like I'm being finicky, but when you pay this much money for dinner (inclusive of a 21% service charge!!!), you expect things to go right and to be treated as VIP. This was a complete bait and switch.
1	40 minute wait for hotdog and burger, others waited longer than us just for ice cream.... $10 tiny burger. Don't do it
4	there food is amazing and service is okay.  went during the day so it seemed like the wait staff was just not into being there.  will go again in a nighttime setting.
1	This place is seriously overrated and the ridiculous wait is not worth it. Yes, the frozen hot chocolate is worth trying but it is beyond sweet! Overall it was ok, I would not go out of my way to dine here again.
4	You just have to love an outdoor restaurant on the strip that offers lots of shade and mistys during the summer. I always passed Serendipity and had no desire to try it until I just gave in, I bought the large pizza and soda which wasn't refillable and costs around $20! Yikes! You just gotta love Vegas but I knew it would cost that much considering it was Caesar's Palace and located in the center strip. TOTAL TOURIST TRAP!The pizza was actually not that bad but I had better. Eating outside is great to just relax and people watch, unfortunately it started to rain while I was eating my pizza but I enjoyed the rain while people were running from the strip under the Serendipity eating area. Next time I'm trying the desserts and their signature frozen hot chocolate just to spoil myself when I'm near Serendipity.
3	piece of new york in las vegas...famous for frozen hot chocolate, but not taking this weekend...great sunny day...dessert in the desert....outdoor patio seated sipping soda and relaxing...cooling mist available, but not needed this day...desserts and meals of goliath portions...enormous chocolate french toast piled to the sky...not skimping on the toppings and fixings...sweet treat a gazillion calories in appearance...platter after platters passing...workout for the servers...
4	Note this review is for the: To Go Side Window & Frozen Hot ChocolateSince forever, I always tell myself, I MUST try when I am in Vegas. But I always end up waving bye to it when leaving. :(Finally! I got the chances to and I LOVE it. It kind of helps to have something frozen during the stupid hot summer triple digit weather. I got myself some frozen hot chocolate while the bf chow down on their hot dog, which was just okay.The line moves fairly quickly, one thing that sucks is that the menu is limited. But it didn't matter for me because I had my heart set on Frozen Hot Chocolate. $11 for it was a bit on the expensive side, but what did you expect you are in Vegas.This a must trip place while in Vegas, its a little piece of New York in Vegas.
3	I ordered the chili cheese dog and fries. The person in front of us ordered a frozen hot cocoa and apparently forgot to pick it up. The cook gave it to us after calling her number for 5 minutes and no answer. I was a little disappointed that they would put some chili on the fries for me. I was told I would have to order an entire side of chili. The foot long hot dog was all beef and was great. I ended up taking it out of the bun so I could finish it. The bun was good, just a lot of it. The chili was not very good, but I hate tomatoes, so other people might be fine with it. It's a little pricey but the portions are huge and you could probably feed two people off of one plate. And the frozen hot cocoa??? OH.......MY.......GOD!!!! Get one. Don't question the calories, fat or sugar - just do it.
3	I was a little disappointed in the frrrozen hot chocolates...definitely overpriced. $11 for a regular sized cup? Not worth it in my opinion.I ordered a strawberry one, expecting it to be strawberry chocolate, but it basically turned out to be a creamy strawberry smoothie. What a misleading name....only the original frrrozen hot chocolate is actually really good. Their pizza was good though! We got the BBQ chicken. Quite filling and it had a lot of toppings!
2	We arrived and they told our party of 8 that it's going to be an hour wait. Of course. It's Friday night. What's really cool is that the hostess ask for one of our cell phone number and she texted us a msg to tell us to keep an eye out when she text us to tell us the seats are ready. More places need to implement this function! Instead of waiting an hour in front of the restaurants like dummies, we were able to walk around and sit down comfortably to chat in another area. I got the Frrrozen Hot Choco. Why is it over $10? It's not really that different than any other blended mocha that I had... in fact, I think Coffee Bean's is actually richer... The only thing that got the Frrozen Hot Choco going was the delicious whipped cream... that I told myself I would not finish... but ended up finishing anyways.It makes a lot more sense to just go to the to-go window and grab it to go. But honestly, why even bother? It's just a really fancy place for a date with overpriced food that is not justifiable.
1	Went here for breakfast, not very good. Hostess was disinterested & quite "short" with us. Food was not good. Breakfast sandwich was a big greasy cheesy mess. Breakfast potatoes were more like blocks of salt.  The wind was blowing outside yet the doors were open & it was chilly inside. Orange juice tasted like it had maple syrup in it - weird. Stopped by the take-out window a few nights before & they had run out of food. Stick to hot dogs & fries here.
4	great food, great view and the frozen hot chocolate was very good.
2	I'll make this short and simple....terrible service  and food NOT worth the price. There are much better options for lunch/brunch. Their frozen hot chocolate is tasty, however.
1	This review is based on the frozen hot chocolate.  I first read about it on a 10 things in Vegas you can't miss list, and I found many glowing reviews when I looked into it further.There is nothing amazing or life changing or delicious about this drink.  It is not cool or inventive or intriguing.  It is a pretty boring slushy that takes like your typical hot chocolate made from a packet.My tastes are usually discriminating but reasonable, and this drink did nothing for me.  I ate the whipped cream off the top, drank about 1/4 of it, and tossed it.  Eleven bucks well spent.I am guessing that their regular desserts are fine, but this seems to be some sort of a signature item, and it was a real disappointment.
3	Cute place, but damn expensive for simple American fare.  Can you say, "tourist trap?"The frozen hot chocolate is pretty good, though not exactly a must try while in Vegas.  Tastes like... mostly melted frozen Swiss Miss hot chocolate.  I'm pretty sure that's what I'm sure they are going for.  So props to that I guess.
4	Our order came 1 hour late, but they were very nice, and they comped it. I would try there again, it was great food and service.
3	Ice cream parlor outside of Caesar's palace.  Usually has a pretty long wait but if you bring a deck of playing cards, Monopoly Deal, or just catch up over cocktails while sitting there, the time passes pretty quickly.  The sundaes are huge and if you like ice cream, this is the place for you.  I wouldn't say the ice cream is hands-down the best, but it is an experience.  They have delicious french fries too!  If you have been to the NYC one, you don't need to go to this one really... unless you're in love with the NYC one. :)
2	Too expensive and food is not that great. We went hear because my sister remembered it being very tasty, but after our dinner we were all wondering why this is so expensive.  Might as well go to Carls Jr and get a burger there. The only positive was the fun environment.
3	Checked in with a hangover; ordered corn beef hash and eggs/chicken and waffles. Just stared at them, couldn't eat. But services was great. Their bloody mary was declious.
3	Food is great but there's always a wait and the service is not so great..  As far as food goes, who can say no to scrumptious desserts and calorie-packed dishes?The location is conveniently located for tourists in front of Caesar's Palace so it can't be missed.  They obviously get a lot of tourists coming in so the service is lackluster because they're not trying to win regulars.
2	It's alright. The frozen chocolate is not worth $11. Tastes like chocolate milk and they put whip cream on it. Service is slow as hell. 2 stars.
2	Environment: I felt like I was dining in a cafeteria. It was just one big open room. There was nothing interesting about the decor. Serendipity is supposed to have the reputation of having a cozy and pleasant environment, but this location failed that expectation.Service: The server was friendly which was good except he disappeared after taking my order. Fortunately, the hostess was awesome enough to help me throughout the rest of my meal. The food was taking a bit longer than expected so she was the one that checked on the progress of the food, packed up my doggy bag after I was done, and closed out my check. She is probably the only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars.Food: I ordered a steak sandwich. The steak was waaayyyy too tough to even bite through. Took me MINUTES to get chew one bite of it. I know this place is supposed to be known for their dessert but after already being disappointed, I threw in my towel. I'd recommend coming here if you're in the mood for an overpriced fancy dessert.
2	This place is both fancier and simpler than it seems. Fancier because it serves complicated drinks at sky-high prices, and the food is mighty expensive, too.  Simpler,because it looks like a cafeteria, the chairs are uncomfortable, the tables are tiny, the food is pedestrian, and deserts are simple but big.  Everything on the menu was huge, and smothered in cheese, or mayo, or chocolate, or whipped cream.  Or a combination of the above.  Yet, underneath the breading and a heavy helping of mayo-based sauce, the crab cakes I got there were the best crab cakes found on the strip (for under a $100/meal, anyway).  And the silly-looking cotton candy martini turned out to taste pretty good and not overly sweet.
2	The first time I went to a restaurant without checking in with my fellow yelpers. Of course the food was bad 1 star. The staff were great 5 stars. The wait to be seated the wait for the food to come out 2 stars..  Definitely not the place I would go back.
1	DO NOT COME HERE!!! Horrible service! Treat costumers like dirt. I went to the hostess and she did not even pay attention to me. 3 minutes later she pretended to make a compliment about my dress. "cute color",  she said. She asked for my name and I put it down. She said the wait is going to be 30-45 minutes. My friend and I went to wait outside. 45 minutes later.... I came back and she told me I did not put my name down. The right customer service would say: "I am so sorry. I must of got your name wrong. Lemme get your name now and I'll try to get you in as soon as possible"However she kept arguing with me that I did not give her my name. We went on like this for 5 minutes. There were only two parties who were Asian and waiting for table. I wore a bright green dress. She came out multiple times to call names and I was sitting in front of her. I am not that stupid to waste 45 minutes of my vacation time in Vegas if I did not put my name down. She did not even apologize. What a narcissist!!! Another guy waited to 45 minutes before me was telling her that she did not call his name and he was outside the whole time. She also argued with him that she called his name. I cannot believe Vegas and Serendipity have this kind of customer service. We went to Max Brenner instead and had amazing food with attentive customer service. We had 3 people serving us the whole time. The manager even stopped by our table and talked to us.
5	MUST GO TO! The wait time was a little long, but the restaurant is smaller than I expected. When I got there, they told me they would text me when a table is ready. So much better than having to wait around. The service is wonderful and the desserts were delish! They give such HUGE portions. Next time I go to Vegas, coming back to try their entrees. Pretty good prices too judging by their generous portions. Just be prepared for a long wait time.
5	We had our Wedding Reception at Serendipity3 on their outside patio and it was a WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE!  Rachael Gabel helped plan our event and she was AMAZING.  Every detail that we could think of, she was able to take of and execute flawlessly!  Our guests LOVED the food and how often do you hear that at a reception.  The staff for the event were friendly and quick!  The carving and pasta stations were a huge hit!  Also, the pre-meal sliders were delicious.  Their desserts were so unique (Frozen Hot Chocolate and Cake Pops).  The setting was perfect as we had the Las Vegas strip as our background which made our pictures with family and friends look surreal!Serendipity3 was the perfect choice for our Wedding Reception (and a couple lunches during our honeymoon)!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
4	Since moving to Vegas, I tend to avoid the "tourist" places but of course when my sister came to visit, she wanted to venture to all places I didn't.  I agreed and we ended up at Serendipity.  I am always willing to try a new restaurant, especially when they have frozen hot chocolates.  When we arrived, we fought the line to get our name on the waiting list for a late lunch.  We only had to wait about 15 minutes before being seated.  There were large groups all around us and I was actually surprised at how small this location is.  We were greeted pretty quickly and our server returned with our drinks.  She took the time to go over a few popular menu items but had to excuse herself to larger tables that were calling her.  We decided what we wanted to eat and had to wait a few minutes before our server returned to get our order.  But because we were sitting at a table beside the window/door we were able to people watch.  Considering the amount of people in the restaurant, we didn't have to wait very long for our food to arrive.  Of course, I ordered the Ultimate BLT which looked mouth watering!!  My sister had some type of chicken ciabatta sandwich.  We split the sandwiches so we could try a little of both.  I have to admit that thought the BLT was tasty, it was a little dry.  I'm not sure if it is supposed to come with sauce, but mine did not.  I was still overall pleased with the size and taste of my BLT.  The chicken sandwich did NOT disappoint.  Probably one of the best sandwiches I've had in a while.  Nothing about that sandwich was disappointing!!  We decided to finish off our meal with a frozen hot chocolate.  How could you come to Serendipity and not have one of these??  It was definitely a great treat to end our meal but not the over the top taste that I had built myself up for.  Overall, I will probably visit again but my expectations have changed.  Great location, fun atmosphere, friendly staff, good food and tasty desserts.  Serendipity's would have received 5 stars from me if the tables were a little bigger, prices were lower and if they would have threw some mayo or honey mustard on my ultimate BLT.
2	Serendipity is a tourist trap with long lines and an overrated novelty concept that overshadows the fact that this place is just a diner with a made-up tale. It's whimsical, it's fun, it's young and hip: everything people desire in order to feel like they're a kid again. My friends and I tried their frozen hot chocolate. Though they were ecstatic to be out of the sun and to drink something cold that isn't soda, water, or frozen daiquiris, I wasn't impress at all. The drink was presented in a glass crystal-like cup topped off with a huge dollop of whipped cream. The frozen hot chocolate was basically ice blended together with hot coco mix, milk, sugar, and shaved chocolate; nothing special at all. It's a small place, yet people go crazy over a poorly executed concept, which is a lost to me. Another commercially gimmick for wandering tourists who want relief from the Las Vegas heat, I won't be returning any time soon.
3	Ice cream deserves 5 stars but the food was meh.  Nothing to write home about but our "can't say no" sundae was divine.  I've been to the Serendipity in NYC before and remember really liking the food and desserts there so this Serendipity 3 needs to step it up.
5	The place is hip and young....Went there with my Wife for the first time...wanted to go to the one in NYC but ended up visiting the one in Vegas.... Food is awesome and the ambience is chic...You will end up seeing girls all around the place munching on the deserts and hot chocolate, Wife had the pasta and I had the burger with sweet potatoes fries .......A bit on the expensive side but it was well worth it.......
2	I've came here twice thinking maybe my first time was a fluke but I was wrong.  The wait both times was always 30-40 minutes which I could understand considering its right smack in the middle of the LV strip.  The thing I liked though was you could give them your cell number and they text you a link to tell you how many parties and how long of a wait you still had so you could wander to a near by bar or the casino to play some slots until you are texted your table is ready.  Ok on to the food.  I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs thinking that it's pretty complicated to mess something as simple but I was wrong.  The sauce was bland and the meatballs had no flavor at all either.  Not to mention they don't even serve it with a piece of garlic bread.  Instead a cold piece of regular white bread that was probably sitting out for a while.  The noodles were some kind of fat version of spaghetti noodle which was kind of odd.  My date had their cheeseburger which I don't know how they could mess up but they still managed to.  She ordered it medium but it came out more like well done and left there for a couple minutes extra.  The outside was burnt and crispy and the juiciness of the burger was lacking.  At least the French Fries were good though.On to the dessert.  We ordered the deep fried Oreos with cookies and cream ice cream.  It looked a lot better than it tasted.  When I think deep fried Oreos I think of cake batter on the outsides but they used corn flakes which made it taste awful.  The corn flakes are way too crunchy.  ended up just tossing the rest of the Oreos and just eating the ice cream which was ok.  Definitely not worth the $17 at all.If you ever come here I recommend eating prior and just coming for the dessert.
5	There is nothing that a Frrrozen Hot Chocolate can't cure! NOTHING!!!My weekend in Vegas was all a blur. Well, everything except for my glorious dessert. And if the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate was all I could remember, then I know that this vacation was a huge success!!
4	I think I had the best salad of my life here. However, it is not on the menu, I created it myself.  I wanted a ceasar salad with crab cakes.  My husband wanted a ceasar with ahi tuna.  So, they subbed what we wanted for the things on the menu (i.e. salmon).  Anyway, salads were amazing.  Service was perfect.  There was a short wait, and their way of finding you was pretty kewl, they took cell phone numbers and texted you.  Pretty sweet.  The restrooms were weird, outside and kinda hole in the wallish, so that was a con.  Also, the waitress gave us a kinda hard time about substituting things, but it ended up not being a big deal at all and other than that, service was great.  The desserts looked amazing, but I could not have eaten even half of one after the amazing meal.  highly recommend.
1	Service is an epic fail one after the other starting from the hostess, to the servers and all the way down to the kitchen.We came on a monday around noon. We were four people sitting outside while we waited for about 20-25 mins. Not bad..that's what we were told how long in the beginning. We were texted that our table was ready so went inside. We were taken in by the hostess all the way around the restaurant and back outside....just so she can seat us right behind the table we were sitting on while waiting! Thought that was kinda funny but whatever. Waiter came and took our orders....and so it began...Food took about 30-40 mins to come out. I got the shrimp pesto pasta. It was kinda bland so I generously poured salt and pepper all over it. My 2 friends got the pizza (I forgot what kind) and my bf got the steak standwich. I didnt try the pizza but it seemed mediocre from my friends' reaction. The steak sandwich was pretty good except my bf ordered medium well but the steak was red. He still ate it bec he likes rare also. Before this, I forgot to mention the waiter forgot to give us napkins and utensils. My friend had to go up to him to get his attention so we can ask for some. We also asked for parmesan cheese and red pepper for the pizza and we never got them. After a while you just get tired of waiting for the server or asking for things you will never get. They (2 different servers) also refilled our glasses with the wrong drinks. They tell you what they were gonna pour but before you can even say no, they've already poured the wrong thing or they tell you the right drink, but the wrong drink comes out of the pitcher. I didnt know whether to laugh or get mad. We were just bewildered by this catastrophic lunch. Customer next to us who was there before us didnt get her order until we were already done eating! As soon as her food came out, she also stormed right out just to prove a point. The main server said the kitchen is backed up. I wanted to tell him that I've been to plenty of really busy restaurants but their service remains excellent. Here, everything just seemed to have all gone wrong!The 1 star is for the frozen hot chocolate...that will be the only thing I will ever order from here (if I ever come back) and will order it to-go.
3	Not the same vibe as the NYC restaurant AT ALL, but the menu is the same (as far as I know).  If I recall, the prices in Vegas are higher.  Food is okay, and a huge selection.  But who goes to Serendipity for the entrees????  DOUBLE CHOCOLATE FRRRROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!!!  They have several different flavors but dang, chocolate lovers can't be wrong with this one!  It's the same as the regular frozen hot chocolate, only they add a scoop of chocolate ice cream.  Ahhhh I'm salivating just thinking about it...Make a reservation for a table outside against the railing and you can people watch while you eat your meal :)  Vegas definitely draws an eclectic crowd!
3	Had it not been for our funny, kind waiter, this place would probably receive 2 stars. The hostesses were rude. My family & I spent Thanksgiving in Vegas, and ever since we've heard about their famous Frozen Hot Chocolate, we've been wanting to try it here, since the only other location is in NYC. Since it was thanksgiving, I decided to make a reservation, just in case the place crowded up for lunch. I made our reservation for 2:30, but after shopping at the Forum Shops, we decided to go in at 2. When making my reservation, the hostess rude and very uninviting. She seemed to be in a "whatever" mood, I'm assuming they were quite busy and she decided to be in somewhat of a bitchy mood. When she asked me whether I wanted indoor or outdoor seats, I said "whichever is available at the time" (okay, maybe that was a dumb response) and proceeded to give me a short lecture about how when making reservations you need to give an exact response just like giving an exact time. Okay, I understand I might've sounded dumb, but don't talk to your customers as if they're kids or something. It didn't really seem like she wanted to help me after that. When we came back around 2, I was a bit iffy and worried my parents wouldn't enjoy the restaurant since it's very whimsical and young and hip, especially since the hostess gave me sort of a negative vibe. However, after getting past the hostesses, our waiter made me feel a lot better about choosing to eat there. I was in doubt, but he was funny, honest, and helpful about the menu. Overall, the restaurant is unique, the Frozen Hot Chocolate is a thumbs up (we even ordered the Green Tea after trying their original), and it's definitely a good place to try out. The hostesses just sucked this day.
2	Overhyped. Frozen hot chocolate was a big let down. Not that it was bad, it just wasnt amazing as people make it seem to be. Food was ehh...had a las vegas dog. If i had a costco dog and put nacho cheese and jalapenos from am/pm...that would be ur las vegas dog. The mac n cheese lacked flavor.  I was real curious about the frozen hot chocolate, which is comparable to sugary chocolate milk blended in ice.  I probably wouldnt go back anymore. Too expensive for the quality of food you get.
5	I went to the one in New York and waited 3 hours to eat their ice cream sundae. Not impressed.I went to the one in Vegas and waited 5 min at their take out window for Frozen Hot Chocolate and it was one of the best things I've ever had.Go. Although it is $10.
3	If you are seeking a pseudo-NY, carefully crafted WHIMSICAL experience on the Vegas strip, check this place out. THE WAIT: It was kind of confusing. I understand waiting in line to get in (small space by the way).  But why did we have to wait once we were notified that our table was ready? We waited with five other families for another 5 minutes after being texted that our table was ready. Is that bad planning, or careful design? It was hard to tell. THE SERVICE: The hostess and wait staff were strong. They were attentive and polite in spite of being incredibly busy. BUT I don't understand why a hostess would be tasked with busing tables. I am hoping they were short-handed and need to "make it work." That doesn't explain why she kept leaving the cleaning rag behind the podium. If you can, avoid being seated by the hostess stand. It seemed uncomfortable for the two groups forced to sit there. There was a food expediter in full view making sure the dishes looked good (correct, clean plates). It was nice to see his process as he carefully attended to each plate.  AMBIANCE: Serendipity 3 is serving visual "CHARM" and "WHIMSY" in droves. From the decor to the menus to the food. While it's gimmicky, it works. It looks like a young girl's tea party fantasy.  SAVORY DISHES: They were tasty. Everything was visually appealing and massive. We had the grilled  cheese with soup, the potato bites, the chicken satay wraps, and the Ahi salad.  It wasn't earth shattering, but we didn't expect it to be. We all liked our food well enough, but I would have been happy with a regular portion that had better flavor. I suppose the super-sized portions were a nod to the aforementioned WHIMSY.  But no one goes to Serendipity 3 for the savory dishes, right? DESSERT: Among us we had the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, Red Velvet Sundae, and a Black and White Sundae.  Everything was good. It was sweet, and gooey (when appropriate), and rich. And massive.  I have no complaints about Serendipity 3. But I also have no compliments. I don't think it's fair to compare the Vegas location to the one in NY.  The purpose here is to have a tasty meal to accompany a decadent dessert in a carefully planned "WHIMSICAL" location. This place is about creating a feeling through decor, location (on strip), lovely food, and massive desserts. And to Serendipity 3's credit, they are successful.
3	Stumbled in here hungover with the girls, put our names down and it took some time before we finally called. The quickest seating available was only outside which was fine, did take some time to be greeted but our server was cool. Started with coffees & screwdrivers. My friend ordered bread for the table to start with, if your hungover this is so great to get in your tummy. The crescent roll was amazing! For our meals ordered the burger since I wanted some grease to coat my stomach, my sister in law ordered their fried chicken and waffles,  my friend had the French toast combo. The chicken was undercooked but they were helpful in remakng it and taking it off the bill. Large servings but still overpriced, was it the best food I've had in Vegas? no. But after experiencing sugar factory I must say this restaurant is much better quality of food, service and prices. I would love to come back and try their desserts.
3	My husband and our friends came to Serendipity 3 twice while we were in Vegas in July 2012. The first time was for dinner, which was very good but typical American type sandwiches and burgers. Huge sizes! We sat outside due to the long wait inside and even though it was over 100 degrees outside the fans kept us cool. Our waitress was not friendly at all and had zero personality. The second time we came was just for the frozen hot chocolate (which was SO good!) and we sat at the bar but again the staff was not friendly at all. The restaurant is adorable and has a very whimsical, fun feel to it but the staff really does not give the same vibe.
1	Don't bother! We were greeted by some blonde hostess girl who was being EXTRA rude to everyone who had a question....we asked how long the wait was and they said  it was a 30 to 40 mins but we were on our way out of Vegas so we went to the To Go side....... All 4 of us ordered the bacon cheeseburger which was literally the size of a McDonald's hamburger it came with cheese and bacon no condiments not lettuce or tomatoes with fries an extra large soda for $16 each!!! We could have gone to In n out and spent that much on 2 meals I wanted rootbeer as my drink so They had to give me a small because the rootbeer is more expensive?????. The banana split my friend ordered was not spectacular I could have made a better one at home plus it wouldn't cost nearly as much.
2	I thought the food would be good here as the frozen hot chocolate is delicious, but I was wrong. My burger was overcooked and was slightly burnt! The sweet potato fries were average. My friend's pizza was the most expensive cardboard she's ever had and the pancakes were undercooked. It also appeared that our server did not know what she was doing. The only good thing was the fried chicken strips. I will only come back for the frozen hot chocolate. Don't waste your money here for food and only come for dessert!!!
5	Excellent food (fettucine & high heel sandwich). Good portions (sandwich was huge). Great service. Very happy and joyful server.  Prices are fair for meals. Eat here.
2	The best way I can describe this place is by saying that while it was tasty enough, it was overpriced and overrated.We were seated right away (it was a Wednesday afternoon), which was a plus. We were seated by a heat lamp, which was also a plus because it wasn't exactly super warm outside. There were, however, these crazy birds swooping around the tables. There's gotta be something unsanitary about that, right? Some sort of health code violation? Not sure how to prevent that, maybe just better cleanup of the food that dumb children (or dumb adults, let's be honest) might have thrown on the ground for them.As for the food, it is hard to find anything on the menu under 12 bucks. Even appetizers. I opted for the 16 dollar burger which was cooked exactly the way I wanted it, medium rare (plus!). While both burger and fries were good, they were not worth 16 bucks and were certainly not anything I would rave about. Dessert = also expensive. My boyfriend and I split a simple sundae with butterscotch and hot fudge. Tasty...but not 13-14 dollar tasty.I don't feel the need to ever come back here, honestly. Glad I experienced it once, but no need to ever have a round 2. I'm respectfully bowing out now.
4	Green Valley Dinner Buffet Love Their Sea Bass,Salads,Deserts,Free Wine Peel and Eat Shrimp Great Prices For Locals YEA
4	Since we really like the Serendipity in NY so much that we were excited to give this place a try.  Maybe we were too hungry by the time we got there.  I thought their burger were one of the best burger I've had in a long time!.  The frozen hot chocolate were great as usual, but I thought the portion were smaller.  This is a pricer joint overall.
1	Simply terrible. Wait time was supposed to be 15 mins.  Turned out to be 25. Staff was overworked and not responsive. Drinks took 10 mins and came slopped over on the saucer. Gave up on 2 appetizers after 20 minutes. Don't waste your time.
2	Went here while on my bachelorette trip. We went fairly early for dinner and had a group of 5. We still had to wait 45 mins or so and once we were seated - we saw only about half of the tables were full - hire more servers! Anyway the food was okay - had the Mac & Cheese which I have to admit was pretty good. We decided to share a frozen hot chocolate - I don't get what all the fuss is about? It doesn't taste like anything special. The best part was that the busser spilled it on my purse when taking it from the table and didn't bother to let me know. I discovered it later when wondering what a sticky dark substance was on my purse. I also get that splitting bills gets annoying because it requires so much more pushing buttons, but splitting on 2 cards shouldn't be that hard. We told the waitress what to put on each one and she repeated it back to us - and we said yes. She came back and had put the entire bill on 1 card, what? I asked her to correct it and boy was she pissed. Overall, the food is okay, not great, but horrible service. Would not go here again.
3	Fattymax recommended to try this place as she has heard about the one in New York.  So we decided to give it a shot to see what the fuss was about.  The frozen hot chocolate seemed to be what everyone goes there for but unfortunately I wanted to try something different so we ended up getting the Buffalo Chicken Pizza, Crab Artichoke Dip, and the Carrot Cake Sundae, topped off with a pint of Sierra Nevada.  The service was good but the prices are steep.  The food came out relatively quickly, which I kind of had second thoughts about but we were so hungry that it was welcomed.  The pizza was pretty big, containing about 5 huge slices, enough for 2 people but i can see how a single hungry person can devour it.  The buffalo sauce was pretty spicy and the added blue cheese definitely is a must.  The crab artichoke dip was tangy but it was a big portion.  Lastly the sundae...I can say we were in for more than we bargained for.  It was a huge piece of carrot cake on top of vanilla ice cream topped with frosting.  It was so large that by the time we got to the ice cream portion, it had already melted (which was a bummer).  I felt that for the price we paid ($56) I would want smaller portions so that i can enjoy the dish, rather than trying to race through before the ice cream melted.  Go for the frozen ice chocolate, but you can find better food for better pricing on the strip.
3	Tourist trap.Come here for the Frozen Hot Chocolate only if you're into the whole touristy thing, otherwise, don't consider coming.  $11 for one of these things?  Sure it looks pretty, but it's a small portion just over mounded with whipped cream.  Dine in, you can probably split with a friend or two, but when you get it to go, you can see how little you get for that $11.  Overpriced.  You are better off geting real food here, which is mediocre at best.Skip.
2	Order a dessert here and call it a day. The entrees and appetizers tasted mediocre which was voted unanimously by my group of 20. Cardinal restaurant sin occured when one person did not get her meal for over 30 minutes after everyone else so we saw her just starting to eat after we all finished. Plus star for comping her meal but not enough of a gesture to salvage the offense.
3	Stopped by for dinner because I was curious to try it out. Ordered the Buffalo Chicken Pizza, Lobster Artichoke Dip and Carrot Cake Sundae. Out of all of these my favorite was the dip. It was creamy and stayed consistently hot for a long duration of time as we ate it. The dip didn't ball up or string up. Hard to keep my hands off of the bite sized bread slices that came with the dip because they were delicious!The pizza on the other hand was a lot spicier than we had expected. Tons of cheese and I found myself scraping off some of the cheese. The blu cheese crumble added some flavor to the otherwise large mass of mozzarella. Ended with the sundae and was satisfied. I had thought they would mix in the carrot cake with the ice cream but it was simply a smack dab piece of carrot cake balanced on top of the sundae. It tasted good but I felt as if I could make it at home. Overall our service was good, but one thing I was surprised about was how the interior of the restaurant seemed "cafeteria-ish". Painted concrete floor. Very echo-ey so it was hard to hear when conversing. I'm glad I tried this place but it's a one time thing.
2	over priced and over rated.
4	For the FRRROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE ONLY!Our sole purpose was to try the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate and only that.  Ordered the 16 oz. From receiving our 1 order to putting the straws in our mouths everything just sort of went on overdrive.  Next thing we knew.  We were sipping on whipped cream.  Whaaa?  How did time go by so fast? We loved it.  Serendipity 3 needs to offer a 32 oz one.  It was pretty darn delicious.  I guess next time we'd have to order our own 16 oz.  Guess I'm not much for sharing awesome desserts.  Although they could do less of the whipped cream.  There was way too much.  AND heck yes I'd come back here!  I already tried they Frrrozen Hot Chocolate during winter in 45 degrees weather so there's really no stopping me...except that 4 hour drive.
1	If I can give no stars, I would. I'm still trying to figure out what the fuss is all about. All this place has going for it is their location. They are located right in the middle of the strip, which catches a lot of attention but other then that, the food and especially the service was not good. My husband and I went on a Saturday morning for brunch. We were told the wait was going to be 30 min. An hour later I went to check and they totally skipped my name. Mind you, they took my cell number down to text me when our table was ready. I never received a text but they did sit us as soon as I went to check on our table. Not sure how or why they skipped my name. As soon as we sat down we thought we were going to be greeted by a wait staff with menus but we waited for about ten minutes before our not so friendly waitress came over with her sour face and bad attitude. I think she was having a bad day or just hated her job. Nonetheless, her service was terrible. She made it seemed like we were wasting her time. My husband ordered a margherita pizza. It came with just cheese. If you want to add toppings, it's a dollar each. We ended up paying $18 for a soggy pizza with no flavor. I ordered a breakfast burger and asked for it medium rare. It came out well one and greasy. It was basically a cheeseburger with an over easy egg. It also came with some sort of home fries but it was so dry and hard. We had to order the frozen hot chocolate. Supposedly, it's what they are known for. It was nothing special. Definitely not worth the long wait. In conclusion, there are plenty of other places to dine in Vegas. I would not return to Serendipty 3. It did not meet up to the hype.
2	Everyone is absolutely correct about the hostess staff here being snotty.  The bouffant blonde, cat eye makeup, Flo from Alice girl was the worst!  I watched her the entire time, not one smile... ever!  It is hard for me to wrap my head around that a touristy place like this would hire people to greet customers and have a shitty attitude about it. Smile girls!!  That's what you're there for.Also, the food wasn't good.  I ordered an $18.00 chicken salad and the chicken was rubbery.  I tasted the frozen hot chocolate and it was good.  But i agree with most on here that its best just to get it from the "to go" window and be on your way.Oh also... after you put your name in and they text you when you're table is ready, you have 3 minutes to go up and claim your table.  So don't use the restroom or go outside or not be staring at  your phone the entire time... because if you miss the 3 minute time slot... you are out!
1	Im sorry, the only thing good about here was the staff was nice.  I had a 50.00 coupon that i could have used at a number of places but though why not  here it was next to the show we were going to see.  Love the text message for waiting... but once in the place was dirty the floors and the menu had what looked to be splattered ice cream melted and sticky on it. ordered a t-BLT (clubhouse) the sandwich was HUGE that would have been nice had the bread been fresh and the turkey that was just  ..offthe fries were ok but were a little on the cold side. The total  for the sandwich an extra order of fries one pop  was close to $50, i do wish i went some were else.
2	Came here once a few years ago, but of what I can see from other reviews, I'm not the only one who recieved bad service.Came here with a party of about 7 or 8 on a Sunday morning.  We were told to wait, i forgot exactly how long, but we waited longer I remember.  When we were seated our drink orders were promptly taken.  And that was the only prompt thing about that experience.  About 20-30 minutes later our frozen hot chocolates arrive.  Still waiting for our drinks though.  The frozen hot chocolates were good, but not the best thing I've ever had.  About an hour later we're still waiting for our food.  I had to flag down our waitress and ask her what's up.  She said it was taking long because we ordered our burgers well done! Yea, cuz that takes an extra 45 minutes on the grill!  When the food finally comes out I remember some of the food being good, but some of it being gross and cold.  I ordered a chili dog.  Avoid that at all costs.  My bro ordered a pizza, it was gross and soggy.  The burgers and sandwiches were all good though.  All of our food came out at diffeent times, we were still waiting on drinks, and some of the food was cold!!I was so upset by the service that I went to complain to the manager.  She seemed understanding and said she would "take care of it."  Honestly, I thought she was gonna knock off 20% or something.  Then our server, mad, comes by our table and throws our check on the table.  Nothing was changed on the bill.  I told her that the mamager said she was going modify our check, and she rudely told us no.  So, this time, furious, I go directly again to the mamanger and tell her what just happened.  I think she felt bad becuase I had previously complained and she said the entire bill was on the house. Wow, I really wasn't expecting that, especially for a bill of about 7-8 people.  So an extra star for the manager being understanding and the forzen hot chcoclate.  Other than that, I dont think I'll return.
1	I was really underwhelmed with everything in Serendipity 3.  Sure, the inside is cute enough, but then you look at the menu and realize that you probably should have gone somewhere else because the prices are CRAZY high.  Our party mostly came for the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, but since it was getting close to dinner, some of us ordered actual food too.  I would advise you to get your meal somewhere else and come here for dessert, if at all.  You would expect a restaurant of this popularity to have some quality control.  But no, my friend ordered sweet potato fries and they were hard as rocks.  luckily, our waiter was understanding and sent her a new order right away without question.  A Las Vegas native advised me to skip the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate and get a different dessert, but I stubbornly said that the hot chocolate was what I had come here to try, and I might as well since I can't come here a lot.  Boy did I regret that! For $11, I ordered the Oreo Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, and it was pretty enough.  After drinking a bit, I realized that I could easily make this myself.  The ice wasn't that well blended, and it was mostly whipped cream.Serendipity 3 appears to think they can get away with having inflated prices with sub par food because there is a lot of hype surrounding them.  They may have duped me into it, but don't let yourself be next.
3	My meal was very good but not as spectacular as this place and it's food have been made out to be. It's also always crowded, noisy, and service can be slow. Prices are also not worth most of the meals they serve. I'll still give it 3 stars. Why? The cons are pretty much expected for a tourist joint, my waitress was friendly, and like I said, my meal wasn't bad. I'm just not sure if I'll be a return customer.. not too impressive.
3	So I hear this place was sooooo good so of course i had to give it a try.  I came here at around 8:30pm on a friday night expecting to wait in a long line but we were seated right away inside.  Being the coffee addict that I am, I ordered the frozen mocccchachino hot chocolate and my sister was craving onion rings.  Frozen mochachino ($11): We ordered the regular size and I must say this was pretty tasty butttt not worth the money.  I feel that I can make a mocha drink, pop it in the freezer, and then take it out and it would taste just the same.  Delicious but way overpricedOnion rings ($9): these were big FAT onion rings!  I thought these were pretty tasty.  The only way I will eat an onion is if it is fried!!!  They sprinkled some parmesan cheese on it which I thought was kind of odd but I tolerated it by dunking it in ranch and BBQ sauce.Overall, its a cute place with great service, but the food was just mediocre to me.  I wanted to experience it but this place was just had to much hype.  I MIGHT come back to try their other food items..maybeee....NOTE:-Outdoor/Indoor seating (heaters available outside)-Right by Caesars Palace Hotel
5	Great food and pretty reasonable prices! Try the deep-fried oreo sundae, so good!
4	Very yummy.  Delicious food and cute atmosphere. Very crowded.
4	I like this place a lot. I like the atmosphere it has the outside patio was very cute. All I got there was their legendary cold hot chocolate mixed with two shots of vodka. It was delicious. I can not rate the food because I have not tried it yet, but soon will. They sell a few things from kitson in their restaurant at the small shop. The restaurant and menu look great and unique. I know i'm not the first or last person to rate this place but I still wanted to give some insight :) ohh the cold hot chocolate cost $24.00 with tax serves two people.
3	During one of our many trips to LV, I just had to come here to see what the talk was all about.  I knew what I def wanted to try, since all I hear about is this frozen hot chocolate.  So I ordered one, and don't get me wrong.....it was yummy but def overpriced.  The place is very cute, but their menu is just too overpriced.  If you're going to LV for the first time, you should check it out though.
1	After foregoing the 45 min wait to sit inside, I decided to try the outside take-out window. You would think that on the last Friday of the year, when Vegas is more crowded than usual, there would be more than one person working the counter. Well I thought wrong as I stood patiently in line in 46 degree weather. I could see one guy taking orders, working the cashier, AND preparing the food. After a 25 min wait I finally approached the window only to be told half the menu items were sold out! Really?! So I ordered the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate to see what all the hype was about. I am sad to say it was not worth the wait or $11! Very dissatisfied. The only positive is we didn't wait 45 min to be seated inside.
4	Food was better than  I expected. Frozen hot chocolates good as always.
3	Having been to the Serendipity in NYC. I thought this one was another huge tourist trap on the strip but it still maintained the flavors of its NYC counterpart.
3	The frozen chocolate was good, but super sweet.  It's worth a try if you have not had it before.  Our server was nice and friendly, but the service towards the end of the meal sucked - my water was empty for more than half of my meal, and settling the bill took for-e-ver...  It was a good dining experience, but ruined by the lack of service.. I really don't think I will come here again...
4	I can see why this place gets only 3 stars - ambience isn't the greatest. Middle of the morning from the inside everything is tinted pink - reflects and color scheme.  But gotta say if you want to splurge on the crab cakes ala benedict then you're going to be IN LOVE with them...$38 smackers - good thing I won a little something at the craps table!  My girlfriend had the french toast - all I gotta say is no matter what you order, you better be freaking hungry because they DO NOT skimp on portions.Wanted to sit outdoors but it was a bit noisy (right along the street) but more importantly even at 9:45 am - they didn't have the heaters fully up and running - and in case you didn't realize - Vegas at this time of year (December) is bloody FREEZING as in 29-35 degrees F (which could stand for so many things!)Service was really attentive and efficient.  Would definitely go there again but wont' eat for at least 12 hours prior!!!Enjoy peeps!
1	Do yourself a favor, go somewhere else and enjoy one of Vegas' numerous other food spots! I didn't want to write any negative reviews but I feel like I'm obligated to other foodies out there to write this one.came in on Sunday around 430pm and waited about 40 mins.Came here last year and got the frozen hot chocolate and it was soo good we ordered another. This time it tasted worse than something I'd make at home with some cocoa powder. What happened? Not only that but it looked smaller than we remembered.  We asked the waitress if they could add some more cocoa or if there was anything they could do and she explained twice to us that they use powder, and ice. Ok great so I know that but maybe they could add some more powder or whatever.  Instead of making it seem like we don't know what we're talking about, maybe that waitress could have responded differently.  $15 down the drain for one cup of ice blended powder!!!We also ordered a side caesar salad ($6) which came out soggy.  WTH? I could have bought a supermarket salad for half of the cost and it would have definitely been fresher.  If an easy salad could be botched, I'm thankful we didn't order anything else, especially because this place is expensive.
2	The dessert is not as good as i through...it just got the wow factor when they first came, however it is too sweet to finish the whole ice cream even thou that's the only thing we order.....But the pizza from another table look nice, maybe I'll have that next time!
3	This restaurant is full-service. This means: you cannot order the Frozen Hot Chocolate that everyone is raving about without sitting at a table. We were, however, allowed to sit at the bar.We were treated very courteously, and our orders of Frozen Hot Chocolate ("For Two" version) and Oreo Frozen Hot Chocolate were served quickly with a lot of whipped creme on top. Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/serendipity-3-las-vegas?select=B82_m1pw7Ue0s1LQguyiSw#B82_m1pw7Ue0s1LQguyiSwWere they worth the $10+ each? No. We wouldn't order them again. Take hot chocolate, add ice cubes to them, put it through a frozen smoothie blender, and add the finished product to another cup of hot chocolate, and that's what you get. Pass on this.
3	You think their famous frozen hot chocolate is good? Then you must try the frozen hot mint chocolate! It's not on their menu, but you can substitute one scoop of chocolate ice cream with mint chocolate ice cream in their double frozen hot chocolate. So amazing! SLURPPPP!We also tried their fried chicken and waffles as well as crescent-wich. The crescent-wich is basically a croissant sandwich with sausage, egg and cheese. To be honest, they were both overly salty. Good thing I had the frozen mint chocolate to balance that out! The portions are huge! However, the price is also steep! So I recommend coming here for dessert instead of savory foods.
1	Okay, definitely one of the greatest food disappointments I've experienced ever. For years I have heard of this infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate that I so deeply regretted opting out of during my visit to NY a few months back. So even after an enormous buffet lunch and an almost as equally large Thai dinner, I made sure that I could squeeze some of this drink in me. I am so sad to have wasted my stomach space.The Frozen Hot Chocolate is nothing but a glorified Starbucks Frappuccino for triple the price. The cup size is way smaller than I had expected for an $11 drink. Perhaps you pay for the ambience and experience when you sit in the restaurant, but the to-go line is a definite no-go. The whipped cream is also coming out of a generic brand can, so it's also great knowing that you're paying for such fine quality. And the worst part of the night was the unfriendly worker who wouldn't give me a cup of tap water so that I could somehow manage to finish the overly sweetened, overly expensive, overrated cup of chocolate in my hand!
2	Overpriced.  The food is decent, but when you consider that you're paying $20 (or more) for every mediocre entree, it makes the food that much less enjoyable.
3	One of my gf's LOVES this place so it's sometimes a go to spot. I honestly don't understand the hype or feel that it's all that great based on my last two experiences. For one... If you don't come early, the line is really unbearable. Two, it's simply a dessert place. Order anything else and you might not be too happy. Just sayin'.... We ordered a deviled eggs appetizer (no longer on the menu, go figure) that was over salted... The caesar salad had no real taste to it either (again, not on the menu). I ate maybe a quarter of it and took it to go, but later threw it away. Hopefully the food has gotten better.The staff is friendly and cheerful at least. I think you have to be uppidy to work at a place like this. In conclusion... Stay for the atmosphere and sweets, but get a more substantial meal elsewhere. You'll get more bang for your buck that way.
5	1st, I should say that I have only had the dessert at Serendipity.  I've been to the NYC location countless times and have had dessert at the Vegas location several times.My wife loves the frozen hot chocolate... I don't think that I have ever seen her order anything else.10-year old son loves the Fried Oreo sundae, sounds disgusting but actually tastes pretty F'in good when drowned in hot fudge and marshmallow sauce...  I don't think they have this sundae on the menu in NYC so this is likely a "Vegas-Special"I always try something new and I always like it.  I would guess that every sundae in this place has at least 2000 calories and probably more...  I recently had a hot fudge sundae with a huge slice of carrot cake sitting on top of the sundae, it was guilt inducing but tasty. Don't come here every day while you are on vacation or your clothes might not fit!
3	Too expensive. I really like the frozen hot chocolate but I hate paying $11 for it. We go here when we want a treat but there are so many choices on the strip that it isn't worth waiting in a long line for.
3	Okay... So first of all, this place is wayyy overhyped. Don't get me wrong, the restaurant is cute and everything on the Strip is going to be expensive, so I'm not going to complain about that. The regular frozen hot chocolate though.. Tasted like what... cold chocolate milk? With whipped cream and chocolate flakes? o__O" Seriously? What. Okay. Thank goodness I shared it with my friend. The nachos were really good though. They make the tortilla chips themselves I'm almost positive and the dips+cheese+ground beef was really a nice mix of food. It definitely made up for the rest of my snackage. It's worth the price 'cause they give you such a huge portion as an appetizer. The verdict? Nachos, yes. Frozen hot chocolate... ehhh...The waitress was super nice and there wasn't a long wait for us.. But it was like... 10:00pm. lol
2	So disappointed.  After hearing great things about this place, it was really disappointing when we tried the frozen hot chocolate that tasted like frozen chocolate milk mix.  It's really overpriced for what it is.  I wouldn't even want to order it if it was cheap.  Not really tasty.  With so many other tasty places in Vegas, I would not want to come back here again.
3	My review will be on what I ordered:Frozen Hot Chocolate - I've had this before about 9 years ago in New York and I am glad to say that it tastes exactly the same as I remembered it.  Chocolatey, creamy, and smooth without being too rich.  Very refreshing and light.  The regular size is just the right amount of share even though it says the large is for two.Hot Wings - Eh... I hate when I order wings and the skin is SOGGY and MUSHY.  The sauce is much spicier than what most restaurants offer on their wings.  OVERALL:  Mainly came here because my girlfriend has never tried this place.  I wish we had better service because it made her experience a sh***y one.  Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!!
2	Overrated. Food was mediocre, wait was long and even the famed frozen hot chocolate wasn't all that great and definitely not worth the price.
5	Food was amazing! A bit pricer than most places but for the amount of food you get its so worth it! Servings are more than enough for 2! I highyl recommend the Grilled Cheese and Tomatoe Basil soup!!! This place is usually crowded but we didnt wait more than 10 minutes for our table of 6! Staff was helpful with making selections! I cant wait to go back!
4	I thought that the novelty of going to a Serendipity restaurant was appealing--So me and my friends went while we were in Vegas... TWICE!The hype of the frozen hot chocolate did not disappoint, although I would have appreciated the price of this delectable drink to be a little bit cheaper. At $11 dollars (without toppings) a single serving it easily could be shared between 2 people (just fyi!). The first night I tried the regular frozen hot chocolate and the 2nd night I tried the white chocolate frozen hot chocolate. BOTH were yummy! The shaved chocolate inside the drink was a great touch and provided nice texture to the drink! Albeit, the drink is basically cold chocolate milk... it still tasted amazing!The mac and cheese was DELICIOUS. Portions were on the larger side, which was great (it better be, because tht was some $14 mac and cheese!). We tried the crab artichoke dip, which tastes yummy too!! It had a hint of spice in it! Wasn't really a big fan of the ABC (Avocado, Brie and Caramlized Onion) burger. The taste was okay, but what really put me off was that the burger was sooo tall that it was almost impossible to eat! Well, possible if you wanted to get messy!Get there early, because seating could be tricky! And if you went to Vegas during winter like I did, I'd opt to stay inside because it was freezing outside. Although, they did have those space heaters, I still would be cold. I'd say give it a try if you have a few bucks to spend ;)
1	You would think that after all the hype and attention Serendipity in NY and LV has been getting over the past several years, they'd put more attention and profits into improving their restaurants... nope.Both the NY and LV locations did not impress me. But on to focusing on the LV location today:Went on Christmas Eve for lunch at 12pm with my mom and my friend- Service: Hostesses were stuck up. However, they did do their job. Their told us it would be a 20 min wait and it was about a 20 min wait. When we came back we got seated. So can't complain too much. Our waitress was pretty bad. It took her forever to come greet us and asks if we wanted any drinks - only to realize that the hostess forgot to give us food menus and only gave us the menus for the alcoholic drinks. My mom ordered hot tea and it took her 2 trips back to remember to give it to her. It wasn't even that busy when we went. Since my mom and I were sharing a meal, she told us she'd come back with extra plates. "Oh, well that's good..." I thought. Nope, she came back with plates - dirty plates. "Whoops," she said, "let me get you cleaner ones." Came back and the "cleaner" ones still had some dry food stuck on it.- Food: I ordered the Las Vegas steak strip sandwich... the size of it was fantastic BUT the taste was very mediocre and quite bland. The worst part was that it was super oily. I ate about 1/5 of the sandwich and got full due to the greasiness of it. Got pretty nausceous for the next few hours and didn't get hungry again until midnight. That's pretty bad. The sweet potato fries were okay. The frozen hot chocolate was worse than the NY one because the cup was pretty much 1/4 frozen hot chocolate and 3/4 whipped cream. And I had to pay like $10+ for the stuff. Disappointment.Bleh. Never coming back unless they give me a free meal.
1	Well, let me start by saying that me and a few of the girls in my bday party decided to go to Serendipity on a whim. I was starving and it was literally one of the first places besides Margaritaville that I saw. It was way too early, at 11:30am, for margaritas (although I know it's Vegas--I had my share the night before), so we went to Serendipity. It looked cute and I thought they were serving brunch (it was Friday). Anyway, we go in and the front is packed, but when we came through the back way there seemed to be a ton of seating available. We were told that the wait would be 30 to 40 minutes. We decided to wait. Anywho, about an hour later we were pretty annoyed so we went inside to check our status. We were told we were coming up next, yet about four other parties or so were seated ahead of us. We basically waited another 20 minutes. At this point I'm beyond annoyed (did I mention it was my 30 bday and I was nursing a slight headache so the fact that I had no food was turning me into a beast?). We are finally seated and it takes a little while to order our food, and then forever to get it. Turns out that they didn't have brunch so I had to order from the lunch menu. I ordered a burger that had avocado and caramelized onions. I think it might have had some cheese on it as well...this immediately tells you how I felt about the burger. It was so tasteless and forgettable. I mean, I tried to put salt on it to bring out some flavor and it just went nowhere. I don't recommend this place. There has to be other spots that have way better food, with less wait time.
3	Came here for a light dinner before seeing a comedy show our last night in Vegas. It was good, but not as great as people made it out to be. The food was okay, I didnt really love mine, but my friend got a crab cake salad that looked really good. It may have just been what I ordered.We sat outside and the view is amazing. You can see all of Caesar's and it's really a nice place to unwind. The frozen hot chocolate had to be the highlight of the entire experience. This thing was HUGE. I checked in on foursquare and got it for free, which was great because they're over $10.
2	I took my girlfriend and her daughter here on our recent Las Vegas trip. I had thought about coming here many times before, but the crowds always made me decide against it. This time the wait was "only" 20 minutes, so we decided just to walk around Caesar's for a while and give it a try.Our food was unremarkable at best. My Chorizo Quiche was cold with one big clump of under seasoned sausage in the middle. My Girlfriend ordered the Huevos Rancheros.  The best she could say about them was that they were ok...not a ringing endorsement!  I can't even remember what her daughter ordered, but I do remember her liking it, but not being overly impressed by it.I did get the Frozen Hot Chocolate, which was the highlight of the meal. Rich and Creamy with intense Chocolate flavor. If I ever come back, I think I'll just get dessert and skip the food. They are Wheelchair Accessible and our server was very nice.
2	I was excited to try serendipity since I used to love going to the location in New York. However, the experience in Las Vegas discourages me from going there again. Their customer service was terrible! I asked the serving lady if I could get their signature serendipity spoon and she gave me the i'm-so-disgusted-that-you-actually-asked-for-it look. She could have simply declined my request (although I don't see why since I ordered a frozen hot chocolate). Additionally the frozen hot chocolate in Las Vegas tasted overrated for some reason. I remember it being hot and cold at the same time when I tried it in New York. Overall I would highly NOT recommend this place.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place -- not sure it lives up to the hype.First, the atmosphere is very girly.  I think it is supposed to look a little like a soda fountain, but there is a little too much pink and "Hello Kitty" stuff.The prices are Las Vegas crazy -- like $17 for a hot dog or $12-15 for an ice cream sundae.  I have eaten dinner there before, but its really not worth the prices that you pay.The desserts, however, are quite good -- although still overpriced.  The sundaes are really the draw for this place, with lots of interesting choices.If you really like ice cream, give this place a try -- but expect to drop some cash.
3	The wait here is ridiculous, about 40 min since it was cold outside and everyone wanted to stay inside. Went to the bar to get a drink while waiting and got seats in 5  min, they serve the full menu there. Have a Spicy Bloody Mary, you have to taste it. I personally thought that it was horrible but the lady next to me had like 2 of them! The omelette is good but the Fired Chicken strips Vegas Style were pretty common. The Carrot cake Sundae was excellent but we were so full that we just couldn't get ourselves to have the Frozen Hot Chocolate, maybe next time.
2	Slow service, good (better than fast food) food. If you are not in a rush to do anything, it's worth a stop but I still prefer Sugar Factory which offers the same type of food and fun(er) atmosphere.
1	I am sorry but based on their lunch prices and offerings this place is a total joke. My sister ordered the Caesar salad for 17 dollars (Plus 3 more for chicken) and it literally came as a whole head of romaine lettuce leaves stacked on top of each other. Not cut at all. She had to sit there and make her own salad. I felt terrible for her. It was such a rip off. How anyone could charge 17 for romaine lettuce leaves and then not even try to pass it off as a salad is beyond me. Plus the waitress was rude and our tab was still over 100 dollars. This place is only decent for breakfast (best breakfast potatoes I have ever had) but I will never come back. Such an overrated, overpriced disappointment.
4	3 words... FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!Love it. Even though really it's Ice Chocolate, but still good! I always look forward to coming here everytime I'm in vegas. The last time I visited and most recent we got the Banana Split. For it being about $15ish dollars was WELL WORTH IT!It was HUGE! Like 4 scoops of ice cream, maybe even two bananas and strawberries w/ lots of caramel and chocolate on top. It was byfar the best one I've ever tasted. What I loved was when asking the person taking our orders which would be best, he did not try to upsell us to get the more expensive item. He told us the TRUTH and even checked on us everytime he walked by even though it was super busy inside. I didn't get anything else that day, since the split was definitely more than enough, but can't wait to go again next time and actually try the food.
1	Completely out of control expensive!  Why do people wait in line for normal burgers, hot dogs and nachos for $11 each?  Insanity to pay these prices!  Stood in line for over 15 minutes to decide that it was insane to purchase anything!  You people are crazy for allowing this place to even be in business still!
4	cool and hip and one of my favorites
2	Not like the one in NY.Although a good desert spot, it only shares the name menu with its counterpart from the Upper west side.  The service was good, but the food was missing something.  I don't think the two places should share the same name.  they don't even look alike for heave's sake.
4	3 stars is just too little for this place.Sure service is not so great the wait is pretty long but you came here for the food.I would've gave it a 3 star also but the food and frozen hot chocolate changed my mind.This was my third time here. Decent place to eat when you visit Vegas since the buffets aren't as great as they use to be........Me and my friend got two orders to split in half to try them both, both were really excellent!I got the hangover omelette not the best but defitnitley one of my favorites it consisted of fries tomato bacon cheese and much more and it comes with a side of sweet potato or regular fries. Overall a great omelette.My buddy got the blue cheese burger. The burger was very well grilled the bun was nice and fresh and the blue cheese was the perfect complement with the bacon and beef.However the frozen hot chocolate was really good the first two times the third time its not as great (maybe because it was winter and cold as crap) but it was still good.You should for sure come through to try it out for yourself if your in Vegas!
5	What a fun place to eat on the strip! First, the prices are very reasonable compared to the prices of other restaurants on the strip. Second, the portions are HUGE - definitely large enough to share! And third, the quality is amazing! The triple decker grilled cheese was to die for! Chicken strips are delicious! The crab cake sandwich was amazing!!!! Honestly, everything was great. Don't forget to get dessert - they're known for their frozen hot chocolate, which is also great! The cake is phenomenal but is as big as a house!!!! Again - you need to share!!! Definitely worth checking it out!
4	So many visits to Vegas and never had a chance to try Serendipity 3 until my last vacation there. You walk in to this awesome colorful room filled with a ton of people trying all of Serendipity's creations. After about a 10 minute wait we were escorted to the patio overlooking the strip. Although it was freezing they have fire heaters which helped.They handed us this huge menu and gave us the challenge of picking just a few items (when really I wanted to try it all!) I ordered the obvious frozen hot chocolate, thanks to some show on the Food Network or Travel Channel. My husband got a chocolate cake sundae, which could have fed at least two people. We also ordered crab spinach dip which was alright. Just when I thought I had enough the waiter brought out cotton candy martini's for another table. After starring down the martini hoping it would levitate to my table, I ordered one as well. I think the fun of seeing the puffy sugar turn into liquid was more entertaining then drinking it, but maybe mine was made a little strong. Overall we had an awesome experience. Thanks to Deon, our waiter. He did a great job! I almost didn't want to leave! That was until we saw the check. The place is not cheap! Cant wait for our next trip!
4	Heard a lot of good things about this spot ...located at ceasar'sIt gets pretty busy and the wait time was about 45 minutes to an hour to get seated. Theres also a place you can order outside if you dont feel like waitingOnce we sat down... our waiter was really nice and food came out pretty quickI ended up getting the strip steak sandwich which was really good and i would for sure get again in the futureWhat topped it off was what there pretty much known for ... frozen hot chocolate!!! IT was amazingly good....i got the oreo frozen hot chocalateIf your in vegas you should definitely give this place a try!
4	Love this place! The first time I had them was as a to-go order and the second time I ate in. Both times I had their grilled cheese, wish is sooo good! It comes with fries, which were nice and crispy. The time I ate in, we decided to get their frozen hot chocolate, which was delicious!! You can't come here and not have one! We went on a Monday night, and it was still busy. We arrived and they had told us the wait would be like 20 minutes, but it ended up being only like 10 minutes. The inside is very bright and fun. I'm planning to return next time I'm in Vegas.
1	Accidently spilled a drink on the table and it took asking the servers and fifteen minutes to get any service. Food was not notable. Average food at high prices. Location is nice though. There are better options on the strip.
3	So based on food - like actual food - this place deserve's a 2 star rating. For the price you pay, i dont feel the food is up to par. I wasnt impressed at all.However, their desserts..... MY OH MY ARE THE GOOD!!! My and my friend came here every night for something... the one ... the only... Deep Fried Oreos and Ice Cream... but this isnt your average fried oreo obsession... no sir... it is covered in what looks (and tastes) like corn flakes!!! it adds a crunch to the dessert that is simply amazing!I will come back over and over when i come to Vegas - but just for Dessert :)
3	Worth going to.  Once.  Maybe more than once if you are into GINORMOUS desserts.  The reviews of Serendipity have a common theme, which is that most people say the food is just fair if not lousy, but come for the desserts.  I agree with these people.  They are absolutely right. A couple of weeks ago, while famished and ready for a huge breakfast, my group walked over from The Venetian and got in line with the hordes.  This was a good sign, so I thought.  With all these pleading throngs just begging for their chance at a table, I was thinking this is going to be good.  The feeling intensifed when reading the menu posted outside on the walls, with many items entertainingly described.  Anyway, when we got seated, and the food came, reality set in.  The food was mediocre.  Picture Denny's or an I-Hop on steroids.  Huge omelettes, a French Toast brick that literally was the size of a brick, that sort of thing.  And a problem was that the French Toast brick actually tasted like a brick.  Then there was the foot long steak sandwich that you eat about an inch of, and then you go, "Done."   All this changes with the desserts.  Amazing.  Huge.  Good.  Satisfying.  Fun.   The oxymoronically named "Frozen Hot Chocolate" was actually damn good.  So If you are in the area and wandering the strip like the Israelites did in biblical times and you want a "stuff your face" fun dessert experience, Serendipity is probably worth a trip.
5	My boyfriend and I came here for lunch on a Monday afternoon and waited for about 45 minutes before being seated. The wait was definitely doable, especially since the hostess takes your phone number and online updates are texted to you informing you how many parties are ahead of you. Once we were seated, our server was quick to take our orders and make us feel welcome. I ordered the LV burger and my boyfriend ordered the ABC burger - both were delicious. Finally, we had our frozen hot chocolate, and this treat alone made the high prices tolerable. This was definitely an awesome experience and is a must-do for people visiting Vegas.
3	This review is only about the quick to-go counter outside and the frrrozen hot chocolate.The frrrozen hot chocolate is delicious! Let's just start with that. It's not huge, but it's perfect to share with two straws and tons of whipped cream.But $11 dollars for one? After having it I was already making plans to make my own at home with hot chocolate mix and my blender (I'm sure it can be done, right?) It seemed like a perfect dessert spot and I really wanted to try the nachos - I saw my friends had some and it looked delicious and for only $7! I'm glad I came to try the frrrozen hot chocolate since it has been on my "Vegas to do list for a while" and it was delicious, just too long of a line (waited 30 minutes to an hour), too slow of service, and kind of too expensive for just dessert.. especially with no alcohol content in it at all.Also, if management is going to give some random girl in front of me a whole pretzel for no reason and leave me hanging, boo! It wasn't even her birthday or anything.
4	I have been to Serendipity in New York and I have always been a big fan. So when I saw this location at Ceasar's, I HAD to go there. Even though I had to wait 40 minutes in the cold to get a table, it was all worth it when I got my Frozen Hot Chocolate. I LOVE LOVE LOVE their Frozen Hot Chocolate. it was everything I hoped it to be and more.As far as the waitstaff goes, the waiter was EXTREMELY friendly and nice. The food came out pretty quickly and the food. Even though the food was delicious and I was full, I couldn't resit ordering the  Fried Oreo Sundae. I am so GLAD I didn't resist ordering it because it was deliciously drowned in  hot fudge and marshmallow sauce.
3	I came there last summer for  my Fiance's Birthday in July after watching Phantom of the Opera. We were served by a gentlemen by .. I believe his name is Lance. After making our  drink and food orders. I saw the staff singing happy birthday to a little girl. I then asked Lance if his staff could do the same for my fiance since it was his birthday. He told me he was going to see what he could do. So after having our dinner we got our frozen hot chocolate. And I flagged lance down and asked why they didn't sing happy birthday.. ... he said he didn't do it for anyone no older then 12 yrs old! I was like (WTF) are you serious?! He then goes on to say "you can sing him happy birthday and I can give you a candle" So when he got the candle he yelled out "everybody lets hear it for this guy it's his birthday today! and said "now you can sing him happy birthday" and walked away! My fiance and I looked at each other like omg! Seriously WTF was that? I would have given him ANY STARS! On our way out of Las Vegas we had called the next morning to complain to a manager to let him know what happened and Mike told my fiance that Lance tends to do what he wants at night but he was still supposed to accommodate us for what we wanted (So basically he refused to do that service for me! what a Jerk! ) and Mike apologized and told us to come in that night for a complementary dinner on the house. My fiance told him we were about to board a plane to go to CA. at the time. So Mike said the next time we were be in town to Look him up! ... So in October of last year we went back and spoke to a fairly new manager and told him of our experience and gave us a great server by the name of Lori. She was very helpful in helping us decide which foods were good, and she was from were we originally were from was San Jose, CA. She knew exactly what mall my fiance and I worked at and what area it was in! How cool was that! She did a way better job than Lance did tending to our needs and always checked up on us to see if we were doing OK. That's the kind of customer service that people should always get which is the reason why I gave 3 stars.
3	Stopped by for a Frozen Hot Chocolate and it was surprisingly pleasant! Unfortunately our service was terrible once the waitress realized we weren't there to eat and pretty much put us in the back burner. My sister ate here a prior day for lunch and loved the food and didn't complain of any service.
3	Service 2 stars! Food 3 stars! Second time eating here with the same experience - Average!
1	what's with all the hype?It's a daringly awful frozen hot chocolate gimmick in a cup...for ELEVEN (that's right, 11, one one) American USA dollars.oh Serendipity, it means pleasant surprise alright. In that you'll be surprised at their hiked up prices and terrible drinks.
5	Their frozen hot cholocate is simply amazing!!!
5	Keeps up to it's namesake in New York City, amazing presentation, great flavor and flair and a courteous staff to boot. If you're going to eat anywhere on the strip, Serendipity 3 is the place to be. Don't forget the Frozen Hot Chocolate, a spin on a classic desert drink!
4	i would totally come back here next time i am in Vegas.  we did not get to try any desserts, as we were so stuffed from our dinner! (not typical). wishing i did because apparently that is what they are more known for. it was also pretty cold out so any ice cream or frozen stuff wouldnt have been a good choice.we got potato skins for app, and the Skirt steak and bacon mac and cheese for dinner.  portions were great and flavor was amazing.  The service was just okay for me. The decor reminded me of Alice in Wonderland or Dr. Seuss, or something, very bright colors and whimsical touches. especially the enormous menus that are pretty comical to read because they dont even fit on the table. I saw someone next to me getting lots of cool martinis. if i drank i would totally be into their fun drinks!FYI there is a $1000 sundae on their menu! flaked in Gold leaf!  i am in awe that this exists, and for that, 4.5 stars!!!
5	I have never eaten here before and I must say it was a phenomenial experience!  Carlos was our waiter and he was so great! As a manager of a business I could tell he loved his job! I would highly recommend!!
2	Circa 2002, I was pretty obsessed with Serendipity -- ya know, the romantic comedy with John Cusak and Kate Beckinsale.  There was that one scene where they were sharing that amazing looking frozen hot chocolate.  Because of that, I always vowed that I would make it to Serendipity in NYC and try the hot chocolate myself.  However, as many times as I visited NYC, i NEVER made it to Serendipity.  So, on this last trip to Vegas, my girlfriends and I made it a point to put it on our to-do list to make it there.We fulfilled this goal right away as we made Serendipity our first food stop in Vegas.  The inside is cute and old-school ice cream fountain like, but we sat outside on their large patio.  Serendipity has a great location (in front of Cessar's on the Strip), but that's about all it has going for it.  Granted, it's the Strip, but their food is ridiculously overpriced (entrees AND ice cream).  I get that the ice cream portions are huge, but $15 for dessert?!  C'mon now people.  The experience was pretty underwhelming, to be honest.My tip?  Check your hotel for coupons!  We, sadly, saw coupons for a free frozen hot chocolate in one of the coupon booklets once we got back to the hotel.  Save yourself $10!
3	I like that I can walk here if I'm staying at Caesar's Palace because I really like the frozen hot chocolate. It's not to die for but it's good and especially on a hot day in Vegas. I like that this place gives me special treatment when I use my diamond card. I get to skip the average 1hr+ wait time, they give me a VIP sign on my table, & they bring me chocolate covered cheesecake on the house as I'm waiting for my order. :) Other than that, it's mostly over-rated & over priced as the food is no big deal & yes, I agree $11 is a high price for a cup of chocolate icee. But I admit I pay the price because I actually like the cheesy pink atmosphere, I really like chocolate, & I like the special treatment given to diamond card members. :P
2	I made a reservation a day in advance for brunch, this place was hard to find from the self park and i feel like i walked forever until we found it, upon arriving the hostess was not welcoming i told her i had a reservation (i will admit i was 15min late) and she checked her ipad and just blankly told me "no i don't see your reservation". Another gentleman asked her what the wait was, she ignored him and told me again "no you have no reservation here". I showed her my open table email and she looked at me like "whatever". She was rude and had no customer service at all. We were seated and our waitress was nice, but the hostess ruined for me. Being a hostess myself i cant believe people like that are employed. Food was good but a little overpriced for just breakfast. There are better places on the strip skip this place.
5	Food is delicious and the portions are huge! Awesome value for the Las Vegas strip! The bar offers quick seating and fun, fast bartenders, and a creative cocktail menu. Chicken Satay Lettuce Wraps are phenomenal!
3	Is any drink ever worth $13 in Vegas? The answer is NO, unless there's alcohol involved. Which sadly, there isn't in the frozen hot chocolate.
4	Total Rewards discounts, yes please!  Very glad I came here with people that like the same food as I do because these portions are HUGE!  I split the balsamic strawberry waffles and still felt like it was Thanksgiving dinner!  The food was fantastic and I hope to be able to try the desert next time!
4	love the frozen hot chocolate!  The food is average for the most part but that is not why you go
2	Overpriced mediocre food. $18 Spaghetti was GOD awful. $13 or $15 Sliders (4) sans fries had diameter of 1.5 inch. Frozen hot coco was underwhelming at best. Vegas has more to offer than Serendipity.
4	My main reason for coming here is for the sugary-sweet cotton candy martini.  Totally awesome!   It's like drinking blue cotton candy (warning - it is STRONG if you're a lightweight - I had two and I should have kept it to one).I actually tried dinner here too this weekend and the truffle macaroni and cheese was very good.  My husband had the spaghetti and meatballs, which were also terrific.  We split a piece of the peanut butter pie and it was super rich and tasty (you'll want to split all desserts instead of having one of your own, because the portions are huge - bigger than Claim Jumper portions, if you know what I mean).  The last time I visited here, my friend and split the frozen hot chocolate, which is also very good.  I recommend making reservations in advance, as the place is very small and gets really busy.
2	Two stars because the S'mores hot chocolate was wonderful! The food was just ok! Not really impressed. Will come back for a yummy hot chocolate. But will be eating food somewhere else.
5	LOVE how there's an outdoor ordering window AND an actual sit down restaurant. I've ordered the frozen hot chocolate through the window numerous times and was amaaazing. I also ordered the sliders to go, and they were pretty filling and juicy for being small. When I finally came back when I was 21 to sit and eat at the actual restaurant with my girls, we sat in the outside terrace during Spring Break. It felt good to finally sit down and eat somewhere nice and yummy! Luckily we went during the late afternoon, so the wait was only 15 minutes. Usually when I stop by to get frozen hot chocolate at the outdoor window I see a bunch of people waiting outside to be seated. The service was really good, and our waiter was informative with what was popular items on the menu.I, of course ordered an omelet and was humongous! Really filling and definitely had to bring it back to the hotel to eat! It's the closest thing to the actual Serendipity that they have in NY, and really lives up to it's name.
3	The atmosphere here is awkward for some reason, can't put my finger on it... but it reminds of me a cafeteria with an alice-in-wonderland kinda vibe. nevertheless if you're in vegas and you want a spot to take the cutie that you met in da club the night prior (I could tell there were several of you around when I was there ;)), this is the spot. Here's my suggestion. Pretend that this is impromptu, come here without a reservation, wait the 15-20 min, get seated away from the doors if it's cold as hell outside, get their fun appetizers, and scope your lady out for less than 20 bucks. Don't get the green tea shake, it tasted like ass. They should seriously put 2 cups of sugar in that shit.Your lady will like this place better than the Denny's that you had in mind, it's sensible on your budget, and just unique enough to sorta make you seem interesting. Best of luck
1	Probably the most overrated place I went to on my trip. Many of my friends told me I need to go there for their famous Frozen Hot Chocolate. For all the hype and $11 later, I got the most expensive chocolate milkshake I've ever paid for (and it wasn't even that good). We tried to get seating in the restaurant, but it was at least a 30 minute wait, so we just decided to go to their side window and do takeout. Took them a while to come over to even take our order, but once they got it the milkshakes came out quickly. My Frozen Hot Chocolate was really sub-par, and certainly a very disappointing moment as all the hype was surrounding it. My friend who had the Frozen Hot Chocolate at another Serendipity 3 even commented that this place was really not up to snuff in comparison to the others. My advice would be avoid this place despite people saying how good it is. Unless you are a chocolate milkshake connoisseur and cannot live without one, try to get your dessert somewhere else.
5	All I can say is dessert heaven!  They have the biggest slices of cake an sundaes that you might order one for 2-3 people.  I had the frozen hot chocolate because I saw it on Food Network and it did live up to its reputation.  It was rich, perfect chocolate taste, and heaven.  I have also had their sundae which has creamy ice cream, rich chocolate, nuts and whatever you want.  Their fried Oreos are wonderful!  I would recommend that you go there at night and sit outside near the street where you can people watch and just enjoy the view.  Very nice place to go on a date.
5	We made a reservation for 7 girls for brunch on a Saturday. Despite the fact we were running extremely late AND the wait for a table was almost 2 hours, the staff at Serendipity still held our table! I couldn't believe it. We'd be lucky if that happened back home in Atlanta, but I never thought we'd still have a table waiting for us when I saw the crowd of people standing outside.Our meal was excellent. Instead of the famous frozen hot chocolate, I opted for a mocha which came piping hot in a giant bowl-of-a-mug topped with whipped cream and chocolate sauce. Then I had the mushroom quiche, which was excellent, and sampled some of the chicken & waffles. The waffles even had bits of bacon baked into 'em. YUMMY! Before we left, I ordered a mimosa to go. At this point I was so happy I didn't mind spending $11 on champagne and OJ. My total bill was about $45 with tax & tip.For those of y'all wanting to check out this place, definitely make a reservation. So thank you, Serendipity front-of-house staff. Your kindness went a long way for saving our table. And props to the kitchen for rocking it out on the food.
3	Portions were HUGE!!!! It's good for breakfast. But don't expect anything wow!Wait was waiting waiting waiting waiting....took forever!
5	Not healthy at all but OMG is it good!
4	This place is silly on more than a few levels but....I just can't leave Vegas without enjoying their grilled cheese and tomato soup on the outdoor patio facing the strip.For me, at least, it's just the quintessential Vegas experience.
3	I agree with the other Chris G who wrote a review here. This place sucks. From its appearance, which reminds me of the color of pink that my friend had vomited after eating a strawberry milkshake, to its confusing counterintuitive layout. I had felt like I entered and exited the wrong door:I was in Las Vegas this past September for a social outing. Now, behold: I was not the person who wanted to come here. Far from it. So while I am going to use this time on Yelp to kick my feet up in the air in a fit of childish rage, I was also pleasantly surprised.And for that, I bequeath it an extra star. I knew somebody who knew somebody else who liked this place because it offers a $1000-gold-encrusted sundae with a gold spoon. The only people who actually order this sundae are people commissioned by Food Network or campy documentaries on Las Vegas to photograph/film/review/fetishize it. But the decadence and silliness of Las Vegas people ordering such desserts happens often enough, according to a server with middle american permed bangs who boasted to our table about it.The food is typical diner fare and I felt as if I was lucky, incredibly lucky, to choose a delicious boca burger that wasn't as bland and horrible as I was expecting it to be. The sweet potato fries are, in fact, so surprisingly good, it disillusioned me. Everything was more fluffy, than big. But it certainly was filling. Thanks to the friends who had me kicking and screaming all the way over here, not really.
4	Ever since I watched that movie Serendipity... there was a scene in the movie where they ate at a Serendipity restaurant in NY and had the Frozen Hot Chocolate.  I told myself if I ever go to NY, I would have to try that.  Luckily, I didn't have to travel too far since they opened one in Vegas! My husband and I were excited to check this place out.  We are definitely fans of this place and glad we went here.  Ambiance is comfortable... nothing fancy.  Service was good.  We got the ribs and filet mignon and my daughter had the mac and cheese.  We ended it with a frozen hot white chocolate for 2! Sooo delicious and super yummy! Our daughter loved it as well! Food here isn't cheap but well worth checking out! Wish we had time on our trip to come back for another.  Next time for sure!
4	My fav all time brunch plate...yes the lines long and it takes 4ever to get a table at times, but its food is amazing...the fried eggs benedict is the most amazing breakfast item I've ever had (I've had it several times and its always been relish... the juevos ranchers believe it or not r the only juevos rancheros I'll ever eat..and lastly the original frooozen hot chocolate is a sinful treat very chocolatey
4	I'm surprised to see Serendipity has an average 3 star rating! I guess this place a bit overrated, but the frozen hot chocolate was worth it! It looks like the food here isn't that great, which is why the ratings seem to be pretty low. I only got the frozen hot chocolate, which was amazeballs. They're so addicting, and they're not crazy sweet. It's pretty refreshing, surprisingly enough. My friend and I also split a side of fries, which were meh. Average. But who doesn't love french fries? They weren't overly oily or anything.Oh, and try to sit at the restaurant if you can, and not outdoors in that patio. Especially in the wintertime. It's pretty darn cold outside, and lots of the heat lamps were broken.  The lines were crazy long for ordering at the window, too. I think it would've taken just as long to order it from the window versus waiting for a table at the restaurant and getting seated. Service was pretty good here, too... The server knew I was freezing (hey, I hate the cold!) and she brought over a heat lamp next to me!Next time I'm in Vegas... I'm coming back for you, frozen hot chocolate!
3	I have been to the Serendipity's outside of Las Vegas and unfortunately they are all the same..."OK". Great for dessert and EXCELLENT for people watching but unless you want to overpay for actual meals, I would go elsewhere.
5	Definitely worth the wait!  The crab cakes are the best thing on the menu.  Make a reservation if you know ahead of time when you'll be going.  =) .... otherwise they text you when your tables ready so you don't have to stand around and wait for an hour.
2	Average. Their selling point is their "Frozen Hot Chocolate", which looked way too big and a waste of calories drinking down what essentially seems like a chocolate milkshake to me.  So while it looked appealing, it was 8:30 pm at night and my friends & I were just looking for dinner at that point.  There was absolutely no space that night (Sunday night) and so they suggested we ordered in their outside stand.  We therefore proceeded to do that and by the time we got there, they sold NOTHING.  There were no hotdogs, no sandwiches, no salads, no anything.  Anything we asked for on the menu, they said, "we don't have it".  Finally, frustrated, we ordered a bbq chicken pizza and some nachos.  Everything was just average.  The pizza actually had way too much bbq sauce it was a bit overbearing and the crust was way too doughy.  The nachos were just drizzled in cheese whiz and something I could have totally made myself.  I'm now looking at their real restaurant menu and it appears as though they may have more variety inside the shop.  Maybe I'd give it another try the next time I go to Vegas, but likely not as there are lots of other good things to eat in Vegas.  The restaurant itself looked pretty cute...lots of Hello Kitty.
4	The bad:  I was waiting in line at the host stand (for about 5 minutes) and they never looked at me and then asked the people behind me if they had been helped and they jumped in front of me. I told her that I had been waiting and she didn't care! Seriously, your servers are awesome, your food is good but your host stand people need some help on customer service. The food took a long time for it to come out and it wasn't that hot (but I was sitting outside so it might have just gotten cold from the outside temp) but like I said the server was awesome and made up for it. Plus, I wasn't in a hurry so it didn't really bother me.  So, I'm not complaining about the food wait time but just thought I would mention it in case you have plans after dining.  The GOOD: I had an awesome server and the food was good. I will be back and this time I will call ahead and a make reservation so I can avoid issues with the host stand.I would love to try something different like maybe the grilled cheese and tomato soup and the Oreo frozen hot chocolate. I had the crab dip and man that has a ton of crab and can be shared for sure!  Also, had the mint frozen hot chocolate which was awesome.
1	This place is overpriced. The steak sandwich had no flavor. The beef was tough and  tasteless. For $23 a sandwich I expected better. Some will say you have to pay at least $30 for a good steak, but I don't care. Good food is good food. If you are known for something, then you should do it well.The Forbidden Broadway Sundae did not taste good. It was basically a bowl of fat.The music was too loud too.
2	This place is ok.  Most of their items come in HUGE portions, so I guess it kind of makes up for the price. The wait for seating in the restaurant is pretty bad, but the nice thing is that you can put your name down and they text you when your table is ready.  This enables you to go walk around inside Cesar's palace and explore and play while waiting.  This also enabled me to grab a few drinks at their "to-go" counter at the front.  They ran out of whatever they use to make smoothies--and whenever someplace can't get a handle on their inventory I dock stars.  I got the hot chocolate and it was pretty good and filled me up enough to last until we were called for brunch.Service is SO slow here, which is definitely a downer when you've been waiting so long for your table in the first place.  I could have sworn there was only one server in charge of the whole patio area on Sunday brunch.I got the Corned Beef Hash and Eggs and my boyfriend got the Crab Cake Benedict.  I really liked the corned beef hash, because you could tell they had cured and prepared the meat themselves so it was definitely fresh. The Crab Cake Benedict was also very good, but was a smaller portion compared to everything else and much higher priced--but I guess that should be expected for seafood during brunch.I do want to try their $90+ treasure chest dessert someday though.Overall, the food is good but not mindblowing, and the portions are huge. But with all the amazing restaurants in Vegas, you can get a better deal for your money elsewhere.
4	HOLY MOLY!!!!!!!!  You better go into this place hungry because the portions are GIGANTIC!  Bigger then my head....more then anyone should eat, but be ready to order more then just one thing because everything is so good you are going to want to try it all!!!  We went there specifically for desserts, nothing else but they do have actual food, hamburgers, grilled cheese, etc.......We ordered the cheesecake and the mint grasshopper ice cream. Both were to die for!!!!The cheesecake was topped with fresh strawberries and the crust was some kind of walnut crust!  the mint grasshopper ice cream has whip cream, chocolate syrup, a melted marshmallow treat and white chocolate mint sticks. There were three of us and not even one of the desserts were half way finished, they are just gigantic!!!  I also ordered a strawberry daiquiri made with fresh fruit along with a coffee.  Everything was great.  The service was fantastic, I had to ask him a lot of questions.....he really helped me choose the best dairy free thing for me, even though I snuck a few bites of the other goodies, he was very patient with our table!!!The decor is very cute and clean but the bathrooms are outside. If it were freezing and possibly raining going to the bathroom would not have been a good experience!  I do love the option they provide to order at a window for takeout!  If you do not want to sit inside and have a waitress, you can order at the window and eat at the tables they provide.......
3	We arrived around 10am on a Friday morning. I guess we beat the rush, because we walked right in and were immediately shown to a table. The decor was a funky/girly take on an old time soda shop. I immediately liked the atmosphere. Our server was great as well. Now the food, although huge portions and visually appealing, the flavor was nothing to get too excited about. I definitely think we could have gotten better quality for much less had we gone elsewhere. All in all, I am glad to have tried out Serendipity. I will go back to try one of the amazing looking desserts, but not for the food.
3	I ordered the Steak Sandwich w/Fries, and the Frozen Hot Chocolate.  The sandwich and fries was awesome (please note, the sandwich is HUGE, so I ate it open face.  The PB Frozen Hot Chocolate was incredibly overrated, and I was quite dissapointed (considering it is an $11 milkshake.)  I found it too sweet (not enough dark chocolate notes), and the Peanut Butter helped cut down on the sweetness.  The whipped cream and Reese's cups on top were by far the best thing about it.  I did enjoy the ambiance, but its definitely your neighborhood diner kicked up a few notches.Considering the price, I don't think I would visit again.
4	I love this place. Every time I come to Vegas, I come here and eat brunch. By this point, I've tried a couple things, but I have to say so far my favorite is the Fried Chicken and Waffles. SO unhealthy, but so absolutely delicious. Most of the time, I come here with the BF and we end up eating half our food and saving the rest for later (i.e. drunken snacking later).  The portions are huge, so if you don't have a fridge in your hotel room, I suggest splitting.if you have  a Total Rewards card, you get a couple bucks off. Also, you can make reservations via Open Table online. I made a reservation for 2 around 8:30am for breakfast at 10am, and it was a breeze. So you can def do it the same day, even an  hour and half before. No long wait for us.
3	This place is what i would call "typical" food.  there's nothing really special about it.  I had a foot long chili dog with sweet potato fries.  The sweet potato fries were stand out delicious, and the hot dog was meh.  This place is spectacular for anyone with a sweet tooth.  Their deserts are amazing, and the food is...alright.  If your looking for an after dinner place to grab a really fancy and delicious sunday, then this is the place to go.  If you're looking for food...find somewhere else.
5	They have ice cream (actually....frozen hot chocolate)...what more do I need to say? We headed here for dessert and it was just perfect. The portion sizes are huge, we split the "small" bananna split and it was still too much for two people. The service was super fun and really good and the atmosphere is very energetic. It was too chilly to sit outside and eat ice cream - but I'm sure sitting on their patio would be awesome. You must visit when in Vegas!
3	I know they're trying to imitate the original Serendipity in NY and they do a good job at it when it comes to decor and options on the menu. But I think they ruined the east coast theme of this place. It's also overcrowded and over hyped to the point where you can't get seats if you wanted to. The frozen hot chocolate is a must when you come here, but I felt like due to our wait and waiting for a seat, our frozen hot chocolate was just cold chocolate. Their pastries were underwhelming and I love desserts! So for me to not be impressed is saying a lot! To end my eh experience, walking out to smell people smoking just added to it.
4	love this place, wish they had one in california! great food drinks and service!
2	Overhyped and Overpriced. I don't usually complain about places but we waited 60 mins for a table because my wife wanted to have her Frozen Hot Chocolate fix. We have been to the one in NYC and it was very good.This place tries to take advantage of the hype built up around the original restaurant. The food is not anything special. The portions are huge but you pay for it.  The service is subpar, slow and not very friendly staff.We will not be back, we will save our Serendipity cravings for when we are back in NYC sometime in the future.
2	I came here to eat great chocolate and was sorely disappointed. I had lunch a mediocre sandwich, my friend had chili that was called "big chili" but was in a shallow bowl and was more soupy than chili like. I got the "famous" frozen hot chocolate. If you want to reproduce the flavor get some Nestle Quick, add a spoon of sugar and freeze it.If you like chocolate I suggest going to Max Brenner just a bit down the way. As another Yelper said this play is "Over Priced and Over Hyped"
3	I don't really give bad reviews but I was a little disappointed I guess cause of the hype of it. It's not a place I'd recommend to eat at but it wouldn't be so bad if I was walking the strip and came across it. Portions are pretty big it's better to share it's not food you want to take home later. My friend had the shrimp pesto penne it was really good but freaked me out that one of the shrimp wasn't cleaned properly. Overall my expectations for this place was very high since It was on the strip. 3 stars for good service.
5	Make reservations, the wait here can get pretty long. The sandwiches are delicious! I ordered the corned beef on rye and it was soooooo huge and sooooo worth. Try the pineapple sangrias! Get a pitcher! To yourself! lol but seriously, their sangria are very light, very sweet. and ofcourse, the frozen hot chocolate is a must try.
1	For a Thursday night the restaurant wasn't busy but we waited 50 mins. To be seated.  Once we got seated it took another 15 mins for our server to get our drink order but at that point we already decided what to order. He was nice, but took forever. They looked short handed, but no one was in any hurry, including the cooks. It took over half an hour to get our food, and after getting the food, we were ignored for another 30 minutes. When we asked for water at the waiter kiosk, which we had to approach to ask, a hostess offered to give us water, and another waiter stood there and made fun of her instead of helping. We wanted dessert, but after waiting for 2 1/2 hours to get to this point, we gave up. Then we had to wait 15 minutes for our change! This was pathetic for anyplace, especially a supposedly great place on the Vegas strip. Sorry, but ignoring your customers will just fail to get you any more
5	I have been waiting to go to Serendipity for years.  Having an addiction to their Frrrozen Hot Chocolate mix.  And I was not disappointed!!  YUMMILICIOUS!!!!!!  It was so hard to share.
3	Everything was delicious! And the outside view of the restaurant is of the flamingo. Having said that, my drinks were way too sweet! Less sugar and more alcohol! The food was very expensive, but sensational. All I can say is: bun, steak, eggs, bacon, bun... Best sandwich idea ever!
4	Had a really great time with my BF on St. Patty's day. Asto had the Monster Meatballs & Spaghetti, and I had the "Cant Say No" Sundae. Both were amazing...especially the Sundae. It was pretty busy so it took a little while to get the food and we didn't see very much of our Server...but that was fine. We enjoyed the ambiance and view so time seemed to fly. We made a reservation via  open table and my phone which worked out far better than walking in and waiting. I can see myself returning
3	Let me first start out by saying if my kids were going to review this place they would probably give it at least 4 stars if not 5. They would give it 4 only because every time you go - you have to wait for a table. We have gone mostly for ice cream and desserts. They do make an absolutely awesome sundae that is a must treat while in Vegas. however, you can plan on a wait and the service is honestly less than stellar. The prices are a bit over the top - but you come to expect that when you are dining on the strip these days. It's still an experience and if we are on the strip - the kids always want to go. If you plan on eating there, definitely save room for dessert. You will not be disappointed.
3	Not impressed, had their signature Frozen hot chocolate desert, very much like a Cinnabon chiller with more whip cream and chocolate slivers for twice the price, food came out way too slow and the service was mediocre at best, one and done.
3	I've been here a couple of times.  The menu here is pretty basic...pizzas, burgers, hot dogs, etc.  Prices can be steep for what you get.  The first time I came here I got the Foot Long Chili & Cheese Hot Dog, which was pretty good.  The second time around I got the Macaroni and Cheese which was okay.  Desserts are what they specialize in.  Both times around I got the Deep Fried Oreos & Ice Cream Sundae.  The deep fried oreos were delicious and went well with the cookies n cream ice cream.  If you are trying to eat healthy you should definitely NOT eat here!
3	Had to come here because of all the hype over the frrrozen hot chocolate. I admit it was pretty tasty, but not that exciting. They have an extensive dessert menu, and all kinds of variations on their frrrozen hot chocolate.  That is really the only reason to go. Our food was meh. We ordered a crab/artichoke dip, a chicken sandwich, and my kids ordered spaghetti with meatballs and chicken fingers. The dip wasn't great, but I liked that it had large chunks of real crab. It was too runny and bland, and I know that I can make a better version at home. The chicken sandwich was ok, but the fries were tasty. The kids chicken fingers were freshly battered - pretty good. The spaghetti was actually a pappardelle pasta, which was good, but the meatball were undercooked!  So gross!With so many other options, I wouldn't try this place again. I would much rather eat at the Sugar Factory if I were looking for a similar dining experience with a patio overlooking the strip.
4	We were skeptical of this place because of the reviews posted here, but we had some freebie vouchers and decided to give it a try.  We did have a small wait for a table, but considering the time we chose to eat, it wasn't long at all.  The service was great.  Our waiter was courteous and on top of our drinks refills despite being run off his feet.  The food was hot and delicious.  I ordered the "Don't Drop Your Skirt Steak" which was cooked perfectly and was very flavorful with the chimichurri sauce.  My husband had the BBQ and Bleu Burger and discovered that he's not such as fan of blue cheese.  Once he scraped it off, he said the burger was very good, and his sweet potato fries were to die for.  We were both too full by the end of our meals that we didn't opt to have dessert, but I could see some great looking sundaes being delivered to other tables.
1	OVERHYPED AND DEFINITELY OVERPRICED! I cant believe we waited 40 minutes just to order crap that we didnt even eat. not to mention the stupid airheaded hostesses were obnoxious and rude. once we received a text that our table was ready, we went to the front desk to be seated. I said hello and both of the hostesses ignored me and carried on with their conversation. Luckily my friend pushed her way through and they saw her but again the hostess didn't even acknowledge her presence she just took the menus and walked to the table. Not even a follow me or a glance in our direction. FAIL! COMPLETE FAIL!2 frozen hot chocolate, mochaccino frozen hot chocolate, pasta dish, nachos, and buffalo wings came to a whomping 90 dollars before tax and tip! WTF?! The food was disgusting, we didn't even touch the wings and barely ate the other two dishes. we wasted hella food and money that we could have used somewhere else. the frozen hot chocolate was the ONLY thing that lived up to the hype but save your time and money by just going to the take out window. DO NOT DINE HERE!
3	Like many of the other reviews, I also feel the price for the food isn't worth all that hype.  I recently dined there for my birthday and has brunch. Based on their fun menu, I thought we'd be blown away by their dishes. Wrong.I had their chicken and waffles. Should have skipped it. The portion itself was a good size. The waffles were quartered and was pretty good. Touch of sweetness and light and fluffy. But the chicken, boy was I hoping for more. It had good flavor but the skin was not the crispy, crackling skin you'd hoped for. I could tell it was sitting under a heat lamp as it started to have that stale bite.You'll notice my operative word: good. That's just how I can best describe Serendipity. It was good, not great. BUT if I was basing it on their desserts, then yes, they deserve an additional star. They come in these heaping bowls that are big enough for 4...maybe even more depending on your love of sweets.  I'll pass on the frozen hot chocolate as it wasn't amazing like everyone says. So if you plan on giving into the calories, get the Can't Say No sundae. It's just that, you can't deny the peanut butter pie slice plopped atop a mountain of ice cream and whipped cream that is so satisfying.This review pretty much did a 360 but hope it all made sense. Go for the dessert, not the food. Plain and simple.
3	Second time coming here! I was extremely impressed my first time coming here with the frozen hot chocolate which was absolutely amazing! Highly recommended.This time I decided to try something knew so I got the marshmallow mint explosion. It took a bit longer to make but when it came, it looked like a big blob of goodness with mint chocolate ice cream, thick chocolate chips and a marshmallow cream up top. However, It was ultra sweet and almost unbearable.... I really got sick of it after just a few bites and almost could not finish the thing. After I had the dessert I was a bit sick to my stomach, I don't recommend getting this. Should have stuck to their frozen hot chocolate.
3	We made reservations way ahead of time---we had a big group of 25. The location is amazing. The view is beautiful. We sat outside. The food isn't as amazing as its hyped up to be. I had the Eastern Omlet (or something like that with mushrooms added). It was decent but nothing amazing. The breakfast potatoes are delicious. My friend had the chocolate french toast---it was very delicious. Service was great! Overall, a cute place to have brunch and the food is decent.
3	This is obviously a huge tourist attraction. But fun for kids who have never been. I mean who can pass up a Frozen Hot Chocolate?? The food is ok, but overpriced. The floors were really dirty and that is something that I hate. Who knows how the kitchen might look? Def. make a reservation or you will end up waiting.
5	This is a review for the inside restaurant and only the desserts.  The Frrrozen hot chocolate is their signature dessert and their best I have tried.   The service is great here.   It's a beautiful compliment to the Caesars palace location on the strip.    The banana split is really really good too.   Also if your out with 6 or more friends try the treasure chest.
4	I'm pretty sure this place is over hyped... But my vegas trip is NOT complete without a trip here! I love the frozen hot chocolate even though it costs $11 for a single serving and is mostly whipped cream. Its sure to give you diabetes and is probably a million calories, but its so friggin delicious. The food here is really good too. Not sure about the salads though, my friend got the chicken caesar salad ($17) and it didn't seem that great to me, just overpriced. I got the high heel pump because I saw some else eating it and it looked & tasted great. It was big enough for me to be FULL after eating 1/3. So you can definitely order a frozen hot chocolate for two ($15) and the high heel pump. It would feed two people!We were originally going to order an oreo sundae, but after eating we decided not to because we were STUFFED. I'll be back next time to order a sundae if I'm back in Vegas!!!
2	Wow... it's been ages since I've been here... literally.The girlfriends and I went here for a late lunch... we were a party of 12 so it took awhile for us to get seated... even if their were tables open. Actually, it was a cluster F inside... tables waiting to be cleaned and there were shortage of servers... 15 minutes later... we were finally seated and then that took another 15 mins to get our orders and even then, our server was rushing us. We felt so bad for her that one of the girls from the group wanted to volunteer to help her out! It was that bad! Since I was still in the no meat diet... I ended up getting the "White House Pizza:Sauceless white pie with ricotta, mozzarella, & parmesana, topped with fresh basil & truffle oil" = it was okay... not mind blowing but just okay. I just needed something to get in my stomach so that I could last through the day and the drinking! Was it tasty... it was bland and it wasn't crispy as I imagined it to be... again... just okay.Desperation and hunger... never again!
3	Frozen Hot Chocolate.  That's pretty much it...it's worth the wait and worth trying it at least once, no matter what the impact on your wallet is.
1	First I had to send back my water, it tasted like straight up dirty tap water and had black floaters in it. Next had to send back my salad that came with a black hair in it. Last had the frozen hot chocolate that was a step below store bought cocoa mix with cheap tasting whip cream. Definitely not impressed, is clean food too much to ask for?
2	Mediocre food for the time I waited. I saw 5 tables who sat down after us get their food before us. It took them over 40 minutes to bring us our food. Food wasn't even made to how I ordered it. We spent almost 2 and a half hours there. They should have just comped our meal. They even got our check wrong which we caughht before paying.  On the plus side, the fries were crispy.
4	Been here a handful of times, at least 6 I think. The original restaurant is well-known and famous in NYC. If I remember right theres only 3 locations worldwide and lucky for Las Vegas, one is here. Located on the grounds of Caesar's Palace. A stand alone building that can easily be seen from the street. It sits on the corner of LV Blvd & Flamingo. If you feel like indulging yourself, look up their $1000 sundae(yes 1000, not a typo). For all us mortal folk, they have a regular menu to satisfy our gustatory needs. The location has a very hip & trendy feel, not a very large dining room so the wait can be killer at times, especially for larger groups. If you're fortunate enough to have someone with a Harrah's loyalty card, Total Rewards Diamond or 7star card, your party can get priority seating. If not for that on all my visits I don't think I could have waited 30min plus sometimes just to get seated. I believe they do take reservations but don't quote me on that.Service has always been good, even when we had problems. One visit, my fries tasted like they were dunked in salt. Our waitress apologized and quickly had a fresh batch brought out.  Their signature frozen hot chocolate is crazy good. A must try at least once if one is a fan of chocolate! The menu has a wide variety of foods from burgers, entrees and a selection of desserts.  Prices are on par with similar eateries on the strip in Vegas(excluding that insane sundae). Some of their items I've tried weren't the greatest and some were good.The one big con I have about this place is that for a spot where I'd think alot of people would go to eat on the strip for late night grub, S3 closes at 10pm, even on the weekends!If you can avoid a long wait to be seated, it's not a bad place to try if you're nearby and don't wanna get TOO gouged on the higher priced places on the strip.
4	We loved this place!I had seen a few videos on YouTube for this place whilst doing research for our trip to Vegas. I was looking forward to trying all their delicious food and it did not let me down. I ordered the ABC burger, I was disappointed to find that they forgot the A (avocado). I let our server know who brought out the avocado on a side plate. I would have much preferred it if she had taken my burger back and put the A back in my ABC burger, or if she really wanted to impress me, bring me a freshly made ABC burger, that would have guaranteed 5 stars from me. Overall, we had a great time. The food was good, the service was nice and the ambiance was cool too. I would gladly go back here, maybe next time I'll try their to-go window outside.
2	Who has not seen celebritys sipping the famed frozen hot chocolate in their New York location and wanted to endulge in this?Well, I did and in New York walked out after being told it would be a 5-6 hour!!!!! wait.So on to this one.When  they first opened it was the same situation here and we bagged it.Last weekend it was fairly empty but after seeing that they have two walk up counters where you get the FHC (frozen hot chocolate) for MORE than in NY without the luxury of being in their nice restaurant and that in a plastic to go cup!$12 for cocoa powder (yup thats what they use, I saw it!) No thanks.The restaurant itself is nothing like in New York, reminds me of some kind of kiddy cafe.Save your money and go to Max Brenner where you get real quality for cheaper.
3	two thumbs up!! Frozen hot choc. Been there few nothing I cud rave about except the frozen hot choc really. Neat place for people watching??
3	Love, love, love the frozen hot chocolate!!! However, the service is horrible. Next time I'll just go for the frozen hot chocolate and order it from the outside part!
2	I was really excited to go to Serendipity, but was very disappointed with the results. I wanted a frozen hot chocolate and was lucky to get there when the lines weren't too long. I didn't go to the window outside. I was able to go up to the bartender inside and ordered my beverage. It cost about $12 and, to be completely honest, it was almost exactly the same as the chocolate chip frappe at McDonald's. Food looked good, but I didn't partake.
3	Been here twice....1st experience I would give Serendipity 3 a modest two star.  Service was not up to par with the majority of the strip but the atmospher, especially if you sit outside makes it better.  I Got the Challah French toast which would be good if you have never had French toast made with delicious Jewish holiday egg bread but was mediocre for what it is.  I probably could make one better(and it would be stuffed with cookie butter from Trader Joe's :D ) I was craving lunch as well so I ordered the summer brie's which is a pumpernickel raisin bread sandwich with turkey, alfalfa sprouts, sliced apples and the overall decision maker for me, melted brie.  The sandwich  was good, but not great and I always have high hopes for a sandwich that has such promise and all the neccessary components of a perfectly balanced sandwich.  During my 2nd visit, I had a much better experience.  My friend Dindi told me how amazing the frozen hot chocolate was and I did not hesitate to find out for myself.I was unaware of how EPIC Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate is.  Got two different flavors: a white chocolate frooooozen and a Peanut Butter frooooozen.  All I could think was HOLY COW......I am going to convert to Hinduism.  Tastes just like hot chocolate, the other flavors in the drink only make it better, and I will DEFINITELY stop at the walk up counter outside when I am entering or leaving Ceasar's Palace.  As for the food this time around...much better all around.  I got the crab cake sandwich and not anything about this sandwich was on point.  The crab cake tasted fresh, was not fishy, had a perfect amount of sauce and toppings and was definitely not skimpy with the crab cakes.  My favorite dish that I have had thus far from Serendipity was their steak sandwich.  Came on footlong Italian bread, mayo, lettuce, tomato, basically two separate cuts of steak and three sunny side up eggs.  MUAH!Washed this monster of a sandwich down with a root beer, Death Valley Root Beer to be exact, which is even tastier, creamier, and richer since they have it on draught.  Ended my 2nd visit to Serendipity and my weekend in Las Vegas with a bang, with a carrot cake sundae.  BOMB...ORDER THIS.  ***Just note this dessert is ridiculously rich, so for those not the mood for dessert or are not much on sweets, I would not recommend***
2	I will keep this short & sweet. I have been here twice and here's what I think:- Green tea hot chocolate tastes like matcha powder with icy water- Carrot cake in carrot cake sundae is delicious. Overall, carrot cake sundae is probably the best thing I've had here, but it is not for the faint of heart. Dessert fiends and sweet tooths like myself will appreciate this dessert. The cake was tasty and moist. Together, 4 people shared it.- Salmon benedict is way too salty- Frozen hot chocolate is exactly what it sounds like... Frosty icy hot chocolateOut of all the things I've had, carrot cake sundae is the one to get. Also, the service here is MEH for vegas. A waiter hit me in the head and didn't even turn around to apologize! Also, we told our waiter we didn't like the green tea hot chocolate and he didn't do anything about it!
2	The food here is mediocre. I can probably make the same thing I've had here at home. It's also way over priced. Don't waste your money on an easy Mac Alfredo pasta or a Las Vegas steak strip hard rock bread sandwich!
2	Overrated! We heard so much about the frozen hot chocolate ($10) - it sounded so interesting but at the end of the day it's nothing special - save your money and run to a Coffee Bean or Starbucks and order a frozen drink - they're much better and cheaper!On the other hand, we ordered the red velvet sundae - that was excellent and much better than the hot chocolate. Still, $12 for a sundae. Save the calories and time for something else but if you MUST go because someone in your party insists, get the sundae. (20-30 min for to go window with a line of only 10 people). You've been warned!
2	Super long wait and overrated if  you ask me.  Had to wait in line for about 45 minutes and there were probably only about 10-15 people ahead of me.  I might think differently if I was there during the heat of summer, but I'd rather have Baskin Robbins.
4	I mainly go here for desserts. I love sweets, chocolate, & anything yummy. Favorite Desserts top two. #1: The Black-tie sundae which has chocolate & vanilla Ice Cream with a outstanding marshmallow cream & to top it off a white chocolate Fudge & Chocolate Fudge, with Whipped Cream & a cute tuxedo strawberry. Omg, delicious. I love anything with chocolate fudgggeeee. This sundae is sensational.  The marshmallow cream is sweet, yet decadent it something I have never tasted before.  I can easily eat three orders of this sundae.  The size of the sundae is pretty large it is made for sharing of two. But if you love desserts as much as I do, I believe you can finish it all by yourself, like I have ;] #2: T he Forbidden Broadway sundae: It has a chocolate blackout cake with  Chocolate & Vanilla Ice Cream that includes hot Fudge & whipped cream.  Reason I love this sundae because it has hot fudge. mmmmmhhh.  The chocolate cake is a little too sweet for me, but the vanilla ice cream compliments it very well.  If you love chocolate this would be the one for you. Another Sundae I have tried is the  Grasshopper Marshmallow Mint Explosion Which includes a mint chocolate chip ice creams with  Marshmallow Sauce & Hot Fudge & it is topped off with whipped cream & chocolate mints.  When I first saw this sundae it looked like grass and I would think it tasted like those wheat-grass shots you would take at a gym or some health store.. With that being said, I liked it but the way they made it was very much like a milkshake for some reason? Overall, the food there is okay I dont really recommend eating there.  The prices are overprice for the average food they serve.  The serve is a hit or miss and usually you have long wait times to get a seating.
1	Wow this place is over-hyped!!! Should have gone to max brenner!! $12 for a mediocre chocolate shake! Honestly, it was nothing special at all!The only thing that was good was the Sundae with a chocolate cake in it.Also the software they use to seat you is nice. And the wait was shorter than what they had said.
3	I love my friends. Especially the ones that drag me on little adventures. I came here on behest of a friend who had been to this place a couple times before. She fawned over the frozen hot chocolate. We were on the waiting place and I liked how they offered to text us when our table was ready. I was worried about it since we had been waiting in the initial line for so long, but we were soon called up in about 5 minutes. We were seated and then searched the menu with a fine toothed comb. We decided to split a foot long hot dog and a red velvet sundae. The hot dog was great. It was very  large and juicy to boot! The sundae was amazing! She doesn't like ice cream so much and I was happy to eat it for the both of us. She did get some bites in though and enjoyed it as well. The fudge was so great and the entire meal was really good. The only con I can think of is that it is completely over priced. The portions are large and the food is good, however, I can't fully justify every just dropping in to this place. I would return for the desserts and I definitely want to try the frozen hot chocolate, but not for food or other things. There are so many other places with similar foods that are more reasonable.
1	I think one time was enough for me. Poor Service always does me in. With so many other options in Vegas, why waste you time here?
3	Crazy mad Spring Break crowds! We stopped by after eating at a buffet, so I wasn't hungry, but I still wanted to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate (I know - oink oink me). We used the side "to-go" window, and it moved pretty SLOW. Anyway, the drink itself was just OK for me. Tried it just to say I've tried it and now I'm over it...
3	3 years ago, my bf took me to serendipity 3 for dessert. it was my first time having serendipity at that time. before then, serendipity was just a movie. when I first walked in, my first impression was, "wow!!! this is very pink!"the service was very good. our waitress was very friendly. we ordered the famous frozen hot chocolate and coffee. the frozen hot chocolate was perfect. it was the best shake that I ever had. it was creamy and sweet. it was delicious to the core. I tried their food the couple of times I came back since then, but its average. ill say, 2.5 stars. my recommendation, is go for the sweets, and stay out of the food.
1	Wow, may I say....definitely overrated?I was determined to try this place after hearing people rave about their delicious desserts. Not too hungry, I went to their window to order a cup of their famous frozen hot chocolate. Firstly, it took forever for them to prepare my drink. Secondly, when it was finally ready, the kid at the counter called out a frozen Oreo hot chocolate. Normally, I would not say anything, but since I paid $11 for a blended frozen beverage and went out of my way to try this place, I wanted exactly what I ordered. The kid at the counter (who also took my order) then starts arguing with me, claiming I ordered the "Oreo". He then proceeded to call the attention of his manager, also a kid, and she also gave me a hard time about my order although she was relying entirely on the kid who took my order. All in all, I felt berated and unnecessarily confronted over re-making my drink that probably costs them less than $.50 to produce. Don't let kids handle your business. I will not be back.
1	Service is really bad people have a attitude the food taste like its been re heated. And pasta was reated from out side and when eating it it was cold I'm sorry for being honest :-(
2	I've alway wanted to try this since my friend told me about it ever since it opened. She recommend me the hot frozen sundae. She said its supposed to be hot but it's cold because of the ice cream and the hot chocolate. She couldn't really describe it to me until I try it. So now I took my friend here since it was her birthday. Our service was nice but I could have better service at Ihop. We ordered just the appetizers and the hot frozen sundae. Few minutes later he gave us our desserts before our food came. We ask him we wanted the desserts last after our meal. So he took it back. The place wasn't busy as I thought it would be. When our meal came. The nachos and the onion ring was good. As I said I could have better. When we were done with the meal, our desserts came and when we tried it. It wasn't hot as they describe it to be. It was very disappointment. After it was recommend. I won't wanna go back here again.
2	Overrated. Go ahead and try the frozen hot chocolate, just to say you've tried it. Other than that...no big woop.
3	After visiting the one in New York, I decided to visit the one in Vegas. The food is the same, but the atmosphere and layout of the restaurants are completely different. The Vegas one has a modern flavor to it, and you don't feel the charm of the place like you do in New York. Even going mid-afternoon on a Wednesday, my friends and I had to wait an hour. Once seated service was quick. The food is OK, nothing amazing. The desserts are large, but again they aren't the most amazing desserts on the planet. It's fun to visit, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
4	Loved loved their frozen hot chocolate and onion rings.  We went there, didn't have a reservation but it was only like 30 mins to get a table inside.  The place itself is really eclectic and tea room looking.  We ordered the onion rings, house salad and potato skins since we didnt want to get too full for dinner. The frozen hot chocolate came out first, soo good.  We finished that really fast.  Then the others came out.  Their onion rings are soo crispy and stayed crispy throughout the meal.  The salad was ok, as salad is. The potato skins were sad though, not really good and kind of soft? The frozen hot chocolate really makes up for everything else, if not for this and onion rings we would not really even consider coming back.
3	Awwww, Serendipity 3!  This place is very much about the experience.  I visited the original Serendipity 3 in NYC last time I was in the Big Apple.  I went to this one in Vegas to take my daughter and friend for a birthday lunch a little bit ago.  The food is ok, nothing special, but it isn't bad either.  Of course the main reason to go to Serendipity 3 is for the desserts!  When the dessert menu is just as long as the food menu, you know you are in for a treat!   Just a warning, there is almost always a wait, so be prepared for that.  It also can be cramped once you are seated, so keep that in mind as well.  A good note would be if you have a Caesars players card.  If you do, show them and you will get a couple dollars taken off of your bill.  Never hurts to save a few bucks, especially on the Strip where everything is overpriced to begin with!
3	OK, been here 3 times now for dessert. One of these days I'm going to eat real food here. The dessert is always delicious. this time I ordered the can't say no sundae, but I substituted the coffee ice cream for cookie dough (which I highly recommend because it tastes awesome with the peanut butter in the humble pie!) We came in about an hour before they closed, and there was a 20 min wait. Finally got our table, our server was about as inattentive and unfriendly as they come. Dude, you work in an ice cream parlor, and your night's almost over. Slap a smile on, even if it's fake. Nobody wants a side of grump with their hot fudge sundae. As I said, the desserts were awesome as always. We were done eating and waited for our check for at least 15 minutes. The table behind us, who ordered after us, got their check before us. Then the guy came over and asked us if we needed anything else, still didn't bring us the check! Finally got the check after the restaurant was already closed. Kind of a bummer. All in all, I will be back for more delicious dessert and maybe eventually some entrees, and I'll hope for better service in the future...
3	It's ok. A lot more spacious than the one in NYC.  It's just too expensive for not a lot of desert/food. You might as well get your money's worth inside the forum shops at max brenners
1	Just like so many first timers, I was extremely excited to try this place. I just wanted to go. So many great words were expressed about this place that I found myself craving to try this experience out. my GLUTEN FREE AND VEGAN folks, stay away if you're going for dessert. I was really hoping that I would be able to find at the very least two or three different options what I found was a scoop of sorbet was my only option. Even though I was kind of heart broken that I couldn't fully experience this cute little place, I went ahead and ordered my sorbet ... Well, my waitress forgot to bring it out. She brought out everyones food ( which I couldn't order anything) and then when she brought out dessert mine was missing. By the time she came back my friends were done with their meals and desserts that I had to tell her to forget about it. The place is really cute, the view of the strip is nice ( outside patio) but the service wasn't great and their aren't really options for us Gluten free and Vegan people. Want to go for the decor? I say go! cute little spot and it is an experience, but prepared to make your tummy grumble and growl if you are a Gluten and Dairy Free person.
2	Yes Serendipity 3 your Frozen Hot Chocolate is good, but it costs about $13!I came here after hearing how good their frozen hot chocolate was and had to experience it for myself.  I waited in a long line outside of the carry-out window and finally had my drink after almost 30 minutes.I gotta admit it was pretty good, but it is not worth the hassle of waiting in line and paying THAT MUCH for a drink.  In fact I remember freezing chocolate milk one time and using an ice shaver and it was about the same taste...I realize this place is for tourists so I know to save my $$ for something else.
4	Have been to both this one and the NY one. Love them both. Food is always good!!! Yes the frozen hot chocolate is as good as everyone says. The grilled cheese is incredible, the only thing I get and love it every time!!!!!!
1	waited in a relatively short line b4 being waited on after 25-30 mins...bc waited so long, wanted nada...then, my two friends got a frozen hot chocolate (tasted grainy n dry...worse than starbucks n almost $10 more expensive) n a sundae (mediocre for $15).  also, after waiting as long as we did indicated above, the window server says, "sorry I'm the only one working so we only got certain things available.....................". wow cut ur prices in half n I'll MAYBE CONSIDER waiting...forever...at  this place.
1	OVERRATED.  Stood in the take out line outside for 45 minutes for a weak frozen hot chocolate.  While it cooled me on the one night it was warm... The chocolate taste was majorly lacking.  The only reason I drank it was due to the peanut butter and whipped cream.  Not worth your time or $11... At least I can say I tried it.  Next time I'm in Vegas I'll skip it.
2	Overrated clap clap clap-clap-clap.  Only went here because someone in my group wanted to go and it did not turn out well for me.  Started off with the frozen hot chocolate, which was good, but definitely not 11 dollars good.  The nachos were pretty good but pretty standard.  Then I got the ribs which were the worst fall off the bone ribs I've ever had.  Had some of my friend's burger, which was good, but just do not get the ribs.  Wait was really long too, just not worth the time/money.
5	I gave this restaurant 5 stars because it is well deserved. Every time I go to Las Vegas, for me and my girlfriend, it is a must to eat there. The restaurant not only has a great view of the strip for dining inside and out but a menu that has an amazing variety of food spanning from breakfast, lunch and dinner to a greats selection of desserts and drinks. Every time I have gone the service has always been good and the food better. The portion sizes are also pretty big and you may not be able to finish your meal so make sure you leave room for a frozen hot chocolate and remember to ask for a box to go so you can enjoy your great food one more time before you leave Las Vegas
4	First of all, I would come back here to eat, but I wouldn't wait more than 30 mins.So my friend and I were here around noon on a Monday looking to score some yummy food.  We put our name on the list and the hostess told us it would be 30 mins and then said they'd text us when the table was ready.  It even told us on my friend's cell phone how many parties were in front of us over time.  It was really neat.  We got called to our table in less than 30 mins and it was a perfect table for 2 outside right on the strip (prime for people watching).  I ordered the BBQ burger with a veggie patty and my friend ordered a veggie omelet with breakfast potatoes.  Both of us were VERY happy with our food.  The bacon on my burger was to die for!  It's smoked and very thick!  And the veggie patty was very tasty.  I think they might make them themselves.  My friend cleaned her plate!  She loved her cheesy veggie omelet with egg whites and the breakfast potatoes!  Service was a little slow.... I think they may need more people working there, but since we weren't in a hurry, it wasn't such a big deal.  If you are in a hurry or super hungry, don't go here cause it'll be a while until you get food in your tummy.  But on the plus side, there is an outside cafe area where you can order food from a window and seat yourself.  A very good option for quick food that is restaurant quality.
5	SHUT THE FRONT DOOR!I swear I did a review on this place since I went here the FIRST time I was in Vegas, weeeeeiiirrrd. Anyways, this review is LONG overdue.Went here with my wifey because I raved about their ever-so-famous Frozen Hot Chocolate. We were in Vegas for 3 days & went here twice. FYI; they text you when your table is ready which I thought was really cool & an option that most restaurants should use.The first time we sat inside. I ordered the White House Pizza whicvh is a sauceless white pie with ricotta, mozzerlla and parmasean, topped with fresh basil & truffle oil. (gave up meat for Lent otherwise I would've totally tried out the Smoked Chicken Quesadilla *drools) It was actually more flavorful than I thought it would be. I'd recommend it :)The second time my friend just wanted to get the Frozen Hot Chocolate to satisfy her craving so we opted for the walk-up window just outside the sit-down restaurant. WARNING: the line is ALWAYS long. But we decided to brave the line & go for it. But just our luck as soon as we're at the front of the line the computer system decides to crash. We stood there for literally 30 mins which wasn't bad because the guy at the front window provided us with a complimentary Frozen Hot Chocolate while we waited. SUPER nice of him :) since I know that the people behind us didn't get the same benefit ;)The selection of their menu is absolutely crazy! Just the variety as far as the Hot Chocolate goes, HOLY CRAP. If you're an indecisive person, GOOD LUCK GOOD SIR. lol, but really... I could literally go to Vegas 100 more time & not try EVERY, SINGLE thing on their menu. I'm just sayin'
3	Went here last year late night.  Food was just ok, nothing special.  Deserts were better but not outstanding, overall ok, 3 stars
3	Pretty good, but the wait and price are ridiculous
2	I would have to give this only two stars. If t weren't for the manager to be apologetic then this would have been a 1star. So I at here with a couple of friends and we got seated immediately since we has reservations. So that was fine. HEIDI was our waitress and lemme say... Not the sweetest thing at all... For someone who had been there for 3 years and helps train other waiters/waitresses I would love to question her skills. If someone asks for suggestions about a specific plate u think they would try to figure out what kind of taste ur lookin for and have some kind of suggestions. But her comment was "the hangover omelet is the popular one" that really didn't help me decide on the dish. And since it was popular the. Y not try it. I should have stuck to my first choice and ordered the corned beef and hash. Don't think that could ever get messed up. Other than getting burnt potatoes. You think paying 15 for an omelet it would be spectacular. But it wasn't. I satisfied my craving with a nations hotdog... Well worth my $12. I don't think I would ever eat here again. Maybe try the one in New York. Service may be a lot more better there. Over it was a good experience but worse service possible. Thanks for leaving a bad taste for me an my friends.
3	Serendipity means a "happy accident" or "pleasant surprise"; specifically, the accident of finding something good or useful while not specifically searching for it (according to Wikipedia).  And although there were awesome finds on the menu, there were a few disppointments as well. What you can definitely tell from their menu is that Serendipity 3 aims to please.  Their options for food and beverages are deliberately decadent, pushing the limits of comfort food beyond counting calories into a happy place close to Willy Wonka's chocolate river.  The place also envelopes you in a quirky pink atmosphere.We had the $30 jumbo lump crab entree for appetizers, and though steep, was worth every dollar.  Huge chunks of (what tasted like fresh) crab in a good mustard seed sauce.  The onion rings were huge (and that's about it), I've had better, way better.  The ahi tuna salad would've really rocked if the ahi was larger and of better quality.  The ABC burger with brie cheese, avocado and caramelized onions seemed so great in theory, and I don't know if we just received a bad execution.  The burger was dry, inspite of the luscious toppings.  And finally, the frozen hot chocolate came to our table. My eyes and my mouth were drooling.  I closed my eyes as I took my first sip and... and it tastes like a regular chocolate milkshake.  Sigh, the pitfalls of having high expectations.  I dunno, I was expecting something more.. frozen? More chocolate goodness? But what I had was a melted version of a milkshake.. that came in a larger, prettier package.So all in all, we enjoyed and perhaps this review really suffered from high expectations.  Oh, and the fact that they didn't have rest room in the restaurant.  My husband said he had to share the public toilet with some bums shaving their beards.  Will we go back?  Maybe when we're really parched and in the mood for crab cakes.  I'll invest  my $12 in other chocolate milkshakes.  Or a martini.
1	Worst service I have received in a Long time. Lousy kitchen management, please check your cups had fishies in mine
2	Service is very very very slow.expect at least 45 minutes wait for your food.Food was OK., Ordered the Dinosaur Ribs and was good  the desert  was very good.I am giving 2 stars because we kept waiting for more than 30 minutes in line to get in when we saw many people arriving later and getting in before us, when we ended up checking with the waitress she basically confused and put us on hold.Overall was a ok place
4	Great Brunch in Vegas.  sit out on the patio over the strip and people watch
3	The wait for this restaurant was crazy and we went on a Tuesday afternoon. Very small inside and noisy unless you get a table on the patio. Hostesses seem to pretty much do everything. Please hire some bussers for those poor girls. Food was good, prices kind of outrageous in my opinion, but I'd probably go back because I like the menu.
4	An excellent place to go for a ice cream....   Great burger too....
5	I went here w/my girlfriend before our flight home. We got there early so the wait was only 15min. The decor was very appealing- maybe because the whole building is pink! The waiter was very professional, knew the menu, & never had my water glass empty (I always base my service on restaurants on how well they keep my water full). My girlfriend ordered Fried eggs Benedict & size-zero cocktail drink & she loved it- I got to try the Benedict & it was awesome! I had the all famous steak & eggs sandwich & that was so good! It looked so good that I didn't want to bite into it! It is a New York steak (I ordered it rare) w/bacon & 3 sunny side up eggs all on top of garlic bread. Super good! I would definitely come back here for this! Then, to top off our meals we ordered the frozen hot chocolate- this is a must if you go here!
4	Absolutely loved this place. Can't talk about the actual food because I only came here for dessert but, it was absolutely delicious. I got the red velvet sundae and it was to die for. Aboslutely HUGE in size though so I suggest splitting it. Definitely the bang for your buck.
4	Frozen chocolate... I can make that with a pack of hot chocolate powder at home! Pizza.... Eehhh it was alright.
2	Food was decent. Dessert was scrumptious. Service sucked. Went here Sunday night for dinner. Seated outside. Told we'd get a table in 5 min, took for like 15. Sat down and took forever for the waiter to show up. It seemed like people seated after us were served first. Ordered food and waited another 30 min for it to come out. When we did, fries were cold and the bun on the burger was soggy & kept breaking. I'm convinced it was the waiter. Girls behind us were seated after and served food first. Got dessert which was so yummy on a hot evening. Tip: Many of the hotels connected with total rewards have coupons when you check in, we got one and got free dessert. And cheaper food by $1 an item.
5	You HAVE to go to this place if you visit Vegas!!I ordered to go because eating inside the restaurant would take too long and my group only came for dessert. I ordered the infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate for $11 and I didnt even know this kind of dessert existed. Haha I thought how can hot chocolate...be frozen? It is a chocolate flavored smoothie and it so sooo goood. I was a fool and split with my friend but I could have easily had it all by myself. It is so sweet, chocolatey, and absolutely heavenly :) You HAVE to get it!!**TIPS**1) Avoid the wait and just get the frozen hot chocolate to go. You order on the side and you can sit outside. It is a beautiful view of the strip.2) Enjoy!
5	Best service and food. I am local and when friends or family visit us we always take them there.
2	Okay, when I saw this place on an episode of TANKED I wanted to go there.  We were staying at Caesars Palace anyways so why not, right?Uhm WRONG!  The service was so slow it took the server to get my coffee/water 20 minutes.  After he gave us our beverage, he was gone for another 15 minutes.  He came back to take our order which took 25 minutes to get to us.  Why does it take so long to get breakfast?!  Service was horrible...The food:  The food was delicious.  Was it worth waiting all that time, NO!  But it made up for it, I guess.  If you have time to just sit there and wait by all means go ahead.I didn't get a chance to try their ice cream which i was disappointed but I didn't want to wait forever for it either.
2	With all the hype I had much higher expectations than the food and service received. I went twice in the last year to give S3 a fair chance, the first time was ok and the second was simply awful. The food was mediocre by normal Vegas standards both times I went. For a high profile, Strip facing facing restaurant the quality should be much better, maybe the expect most their customers to be too drunk or hungover to know good food.  Overall the food was underwhelming, the environment loud and crowded, the service ok to terrible.
4	We've lived in Vegas for almost 15 years.  We go to the Strip often, but, we never ate at Serendipity.  No real reason for that, we have noticed the long lines for the restaurant on many occasions.  We went there on Monday at 11:30 am for lunch.  We had made reservations after reading Yelp reviews talking about having to frequently wait for a table.  At no time did we incur rude service.  Everybody was friendly.  We are used to Strip prices, so we weren't shocked by $15 sandwiches.  They did come with fries or for a $1 more, sweet potato fries.  We were starving.  We ordered a Hawaiian pizza as other people nearby had them and they looked good.  It was quite good, didn't realize it was made with BBQ sauce but there was plenty of cheese and the crust was very good.  The wife had a chicken sandwich and said it was very good.  It was good sized.  The sweet potato fries were probably the best we have ever had.  They were cooked long enough where they were crisp.  Plus, they put cinnamon on them.  I had the Rueben sandwich.  The corn beef was exceptionally lean and the rye bread was very good.  I wish it would have had a little more sauerkraut on it, but that was minor.  For dessert, we got a piece of red velvet cake to go.  It was $14, way too much for my taste.  It was very good.  We did take a little more than half of our food home with us in the best carry-out containers we have ever seen.   We didn't have the frozen hot chocolate, just because paying $11 seemed like an excess we couldn't take.  I wish I hadn't paid the $4 upcharge to get four onion rings instead of the fries.  The rings are heavily coated with parmesan cheese.  We love onion rings, but these just didn't cut the mustard.  BOTTOM LINE:  The food was very good.  The wait person was very friendly.  Unfortunately, you can't be in a hurry to get your food.  Our wait person was working hard, but it took an extremely long time to get our meal.  The follow-up wasn't great, but not terrible.  Perhaps they should consider having some food runners.  The food was served at a good temperature, it just took forever.  All desserts that we saw were MASSIVE!
4	Um why does this place have a fairly low rating?......Came here last week because my friend was craving a dessert from here. We shared the Deep Fried Oreo sundae and a;lksjadf;lkjasdf PRAISE THE DESIGNER. I thought the way the place was decorated was pretty dandy, as well as the menus.However, after a while it was a little too sweet for me.
4	Food isn't that special but the frozen hot chocolate and its many flavors YES!!  It's definetely more delicious than the one in Max Brenner.  They both have different types of desserts so depends what you want more.  Max Brenner (inside Casears) has better food.
2	Way too over priced. It's a disappointment to their NY establishment. It's tasteless. I don't understand why it's always crowded here.
5	SUPER DELICIOUS DESSERT! The "Forbidden Broadway Sundae"....OMG! Especially for chocolate lovers but not over the top chocolate overload.
4	Came here for my friend's 21st birthday for some pre-gaming before we went to the clubs.  The drinks were delicious and sweet!  The waiter who helped us was really nice and it's a really cute and fun little restaurant with great service!
2	The coffee was cold, the food was blah.  Nothing special and not worth the wait! The only thing that was to die for was the fried oreos--Amazing!
2	40 min wait with over half the tables empty?We came here on a late Sunday night to get off the strip and buy a soda but we were told it would  be a 30 to 40 minute wait. We said OK and gave them our cell so they could text when a table was available. We went outside and sat at and one of the ten unoccupied tables and waited. After 30 minutes of not receiving our text we left and found a soda somewhere else. When we walked into the new restaurant we received a text saying our table was almost ready.
1	Hopefully the service has improved since I was last here in April 2012. However, I'll never know for sure because I'll never eat another meal here again. Although this Yelp review is over a year later, it's just a cut/paste of a Facebook post I made the day of...Got seated. Waiter asked for our drinks (water) and we ordered food at the same time. Got water 30 minutes later, only after having to flag someone down because our waiter was never on the dining floor. Got food 10 minutes after the water and wanted refills on our drinks. Didn't see waiter for the next 45 minutes after getting our food. No point in getting a drink refill anymore because our food was finished, so I asked for the check. Received check 20 minutes later. Place my credit card in receipt holder within 30 seconds. Waiter picks up check 20 minutes later. $53 tab. I leave three cent tip out of spite.
3	The portions are obnoxiously huge and I don't think the food was that good.  I have never been in a race to go back.
1	Sad story! Very much different from the original Serendipity in New York. The novelty and charm is totally lost here. From the ambiance, to the food, and service, everything here is disappointing. The frozen hot chocolate has always been a favorite here but it seemed to have lost its umph. It doesn't taste as good, the size has gone smaller, and price is too much. Because of a bad experience with their service in the past (really slow and they just don't care about you, period!), I went straight to their take out counter in the back to order the frozen hot chocolate. My oh my, same sad story. There were two windows with two lines but no sign saying which window was for ordering and which one was for food pick-up. No staff on the window counters to ask either. Eventually you'll see food come out from one of the windows and you'll figure it out. My turn to order and no greeting whatsoever. The lady was just staring at the register waiting for me to tell her my order. Just horrible...
3	The wait to be seated was obnoxious so we just decided to order from the take out window and sit in the courtyard....which was much better than sitting inside since it was a gorgeous evening.  Honestly, I was pretty much full from dinner so I was hesitant about even going here since I saw the reviews and the portions seemed huge.  So I opted for just a single scoop of vanilla ice creme.  I must say that that single scoop was pretty awesome.
4	Great tasting food, large portions. If it wasn't for the extreme long wait, I would have given it 5 stars.
1	I guess maybe because we were in a hurry to eat we tried here. The food is ok, certainly not bad; I just didn't like it and it was super expensive. We got two appetizers and a milkshake and it was $44 without tip. I get that it's the strip but you can do wayyyy better for your dollar pretty much anywhere else.
4	Frozzzzen hot chocolate yum!
3	I believe this place is over rated because of the ambiance. The ambiance receives a much higher rating then the quality of the food. I rather pick up a tub of Haagen Dazs at the local supermarket and a couple of bananas while I'm at it. If I get in the mood, melt my own chocolate as well!
4	Its Serendipity for Christ sake! Frozen hot chocolate tastes just as that. Hard to explain so try it for yourself. Long wait but so what, its trendy get over it!
4	French Toast Log And Cuppucino, I LIKEY...
3	Great ambiance, only had to wait 10 minutes when they told us 20.  Request outside seating to soak in the view and scenery of the Ceasar's Fountains.  Kinda pricey but the food is good.  The desserts are off the hook.   All in all a cool spot I definitely recommend.
4	Great way to cool off with a frozen hot chocolate - but share it! Super rich, super delectable. The hot dogs are great, we had the one with nacho cheese, jalapenos. Again, they're enormous!
3	Even though the reviews weren't great, my husband & I tried Serendipity 3 on Friday, May 24, 2013, for lunch. We waited less than 10 minutes, & we had a nice table outside. I loved the crab & artichoke appetizer but felt the bread was too thick. Chips would have been a better side. My husband had the spaghetti & meatballs. He thought the meatballs were flavored well, but he did not like the marinara. I had the American cheeseburger w/ sweet potato fries. They were both good. Large portions. I wouldn't recommend eating here if the wait is longer than 30 minute, but go if less!
5	Amazing experience! Fun for the whole family! Make a reservation though to avoid lines and def eat here, no take outs! Loved it, first visit and will be back again for sure! Must try! Staff was excellent and. Place was clean!
4	best frozen hot chocolate
1	First, there was no system for adding your name. We walked up to the podium and the girl walk right past us and started taking names from random people on the patio with her ipad (there is no discernable line).  We had to wait an hour when they estimated 45 minutes. Once we got called in, we sat for 10 minutes and no one had even taken our drink order.  This place is overpriced and inefficient.  I had a much better experience going to Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris.
3	Great desserts...and that is about it.  Service and wait time cannot be more hot/cold to pay those prices and sit that long.
1	Ugh, after seeing this place on Tanked I had decided to check it out, bleh what a waste of time and money, the food was horrible and the service was worse. Our waiter kept checking on the table next to us and we were forgotten. The person who brought us our food just slammed it down and walked off as if we were bothering him from doing something more important. Then we had asked to speak to the manager and he didn't give a rats ass either. I do not recommend this place at all. We went on Saturday the 25th.
3	Yum.  Very caloric.  I would only have an ice cream there.  Nice to sit on the strip eat a cold ice cream a watch the world go by.
3	Hat their frozen hot chocolate, it was basically a milkshake. misleading, but very good
4	This place is pretty cool. Love the decor and the staff is very friendly. I did get sick after eating here the first time. lol But I am willing to give it another try!
3	I've only come here for the frozen hot chocolate and it's a good treat to cool off with but it isn't as great as people make it out to be. The wait to order was about 30 minutes and $13 was a bit pricey for iced cocoa powder.
3	The wait can be long so try to make a reservation before hand. A little pricey but the portions are decent. Mac n cheese was very tasty!
5	I always make it a point to come here when we have time. The wait is usually pretty long, but it's absolutely worth it. I love the food and I love the atmosphere. We love to sit outside by the sidewalk and people watch. The french toast log is literally a LOG and I would eat it everyday if it didn't take me 3 days to eat it (yup, it's still good after 3 days!). The tomato soup isn't anything to write home about, but everything else pretty much is! Very cute.
3	awesome atmosphere.i think my expectations were set too high along with the prices
5	Everything was perfect. Make reservations. The food and service was amazing
4	Frozen Hot Chocolate. MMM. Yes, yes, and yes. Hot dog combo platter. Yes. Service? Yes! Great staff, even when busy. And they DO get busy. They have a decent amount of seating, and some outside, which is not so desirable in the Summer, unless you are a lizard, or Satan. They have a walk up window too. Cute place and walkable from mid-strip. I've taken friends who visit Vegas and we love the huge portions, we get a few apps and split it. The prices are not terrible. It is what you would expect from a strip location, but not too crazy. Give it a whirl, and if you do, be sure to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate!
4	Ate breakfast here and was very happy.  Food quality and portions were great and pretty decent service.  Would definitely go again if we were staying nearby.
1	Sorely disappointed. I went with five other ladies and upon ordering, my friend advised of her nut allergy. The server advised that the only nuts in the thai chicken skewers were in the sauce, served on the side.After her first bite of chicken, my friend was not feeling well. It took the manager to tell us that the chicken was basted in peanut sauce!!!!The server was unapologetic. The manager at least expressed concern and offered to get help. As for the rest of the food, Vegas-sized portions. Run-of-mill stuff.
4	OREO FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE - Looking back, I wish I didn't share it with my friend! It was so good, mind you half of the cup was whip cream.If you're looking to just grab the frozen hot chocolate, get it to go and sit outside in the plaza and people watch.Also got the bacon cheddar pretzel, which was pretty amazing. It's definitely a place to hit up if you're looking to people watch and enjoy the Strip.
1	I went here because I've had so many friends and colleagues rave about this joint. First of all, it is packed, like literally out the door packed. I come in, give the lady my name (mine was a two person party, much smaller than the five-six people groups coming in), and she tells me it'll be ten minutes tops. Alright, ten minutes rolls by, and people who had come in after us are being seated, and we don't hear anything. I finally confront the hostess, and she makes some bullcrap excuse about me not hearing my name. I was standing right next to her and looking right at her the whole time we were waiting...So, we are finally seated, and bad service aside, we thought we'd enjoy the food. Wrong! I ordered something along the line of a polenta benedict with bacon strips. I've made better at home. The polenta was over cooked and dry. The bacon tasted like the way your dog's bacon treat smells. The poached eggs were probably the only thing done right. I also got the Tiffany expresso. It was literally a shot of expresso top with a small dollop of whipped cream and exactly (yes, I counted) seven jimmies. That's it. For 6 dollars. I would not even be so offended had the expresso itself actually been good, but it tasted like the sub-par stuff they give you at Starbucks. You know, the kind that leaves a sour after taste in your mouth.My girlfriend's breakfast was just as horrible and unsatisfying. She got the Eastide Western omlette, and it was just bland! Her cappuccino was entirely tasteless as well..This place is not at all worth the hype, time, money, or horrible service you get. Do not be fooled by the flashy colours and your friends' lies! If they tell you this place is good, they probably have horribly low expectations in dining.
4	Went for breskfast. Different type of food offered. My husband ordered the frozen hot chocolate. Their staple! It was excellent with great flavor of cocoa. I had the frozen hot chocolate french toast with strawberries and pistacios. Huge!! Sweet!! Different but good. Then my husband had the three cheese omelate with seasoned house potatos. Big and very cheesy. Our waiter was funny and on top of things and the decore was nice. Even have misters for outside seating. We will be back.
4	Yes it can get busy but everything I ate was yummy!
4	Fantastic cold hot chocolate and steak sandwich. Hot dog as well !!!
4	Three words: Frozen. Hot. Chocolate. That's the only thing I got and it was soooo good! Definitely hit the spot while walking around hot Vegas.
4	I have to say that I was impressed with the amount of food served. The chili dog is gianormous and the frozen hot chocolate is worth the wait. About the wait, it did take awhile to get seated and the food was a little slow. But in their defense, it was a Friday night and packed. I would definitely recommend this to my friends!
4	Spendy...but the food and drinks were SO good. My BF and I stopped here for dinner before seeing Absinthe...the food was delish and drinks were even better. I had the thin mint cookie and it was gone so fast I'm surprised I didn't get a brain freeze.  We shared BBQ chicken pizza, onion rings, and a chicken quesadilla...if you are going to say screw your diet might as well do it right!  Grand total for 2 drinks, 2 apps and a pizza...$91! With the TR discount. But the food was THAT good. Fast, friendly service, patio was comfortable with the fans going and fab food. I'm sad that it will be a year before I will be back!
4	If you are looking for fancy good food, this is NOT the place.But if you are looking for some sugar or ice-cream or chocolate fix, then yeah!Food is so-so, but drinks and dessert is great.
3	The dessert was very tasty. i would recommend sharing desserts, they are a big size. the regular food is good, but way too over priced.
2	The frozen hot chocolate tastes exactly like it sounds. You could easily make this at home for far less than the $11 they ask for it. If you make it at home you won't have to deal with the lines here either or the teenager at the counter who argues with you on how much change she owes you.
4	Sunday Morning breakfast, i decided on the croissant sandwich and was a little disappointed, a lot of egg and only two slices of bacon. My girlfriend ordered the french toast log and by god it was huge and delicious! I regret not getting that myself. She also had to get the frozen hot chocolate, and i'm not a huge fan of sweet stuff or anything like that but this was just freaking delicious. It's like a shake but not as thick so you can just slurp it down if you want to, wow, just wow. Other than that, not too expensive. My group of three spent about 95 dollars including a couple of drinks each. I'll be back for the frozen hot chocolate for sure.
4	Sure why not!  I was happy to check out this installation compared to the one in NYC (a pre-Yelp experience).  There was no wait time for us.  I loved the decor, the colors, and the uniforms.  Our server was friendly, fast and very funny.  Kept it real simple, and had the Las Vegas Chicken Strips for starters.  The whole time just waiting to get to the Deep Fried Oreos & Ice Cream!  Yummmmm.  Enough said.
4	Review based on dessert only. Their humble pie is anything but. If you love peanut butter and the crust of your favorite ice cream cake then try this one out. If you're looking for huge desserts, probably too big to take on by yourself and you'll need to share, then come to this place.Their menu of desserts is huge and varied. They also serve drinks at the bar and have a breakfast and lunch menu.Be ready to wait a bit for a table because the interior is small and even external seating can be busy.4 stars for the dessert sizes and options.
3	We decided to give this place a try one night on a business trip. It was kind of an exciting venue, right in front of Caesars Palace. It was pretty packed with people, which is always good. There were no seats, so we didn't mind sitting at the bar. I ordered the smoked chicken quesadilla. It was just okay. The chicken didn't really taste smoked at all. It just had a ton of cheese and sub par chicken in it. My buddy ordered one of their burgers and didn't really love it.The desserts were a different story. I ordered the burnt marshmallow milkshake. It was incredible. Nothing close to Stand's shake in NYC, but still a good effort. My buddy ordered the frozen hot chocolate, and it was truly delicious. All in all not a bad experience. But just nothing too memorable.
2	Serendipity?I seriously had high hopes for you. Rushed there to finally try the "frozen hot chocolate". We got there at 10:45 or so, so we had to order this mess from the outside and sat outside which was nice.Really, don't call a milkshake with powder, milk, and some Oreos  frozen hot chocolate (the only reason im saying that is because i saw her make it). It was weird and bland. $11 bucks down the drain. I could have had an Oreo milk shake at home for $1.50, if that.What a waste. Maybe its better in NY.
5	Love this place.  Of course they are famous for their frozen hot chocolate.. it is amazing. The High heel pump sandwich was very good.. The food is good and a fun place to eat.. I have to go there a few times a year...
4	I'll start off by saying that this restaurant is pricey, but what restaurant along The Strip isn't? The breakfast is amazing, and at least it's really good food for the price you're paying. Also, our waitress was the nicest lady ever, she even gave us the Rewards discount, which I hope that most customers receive for a dollar off their meal.
4	Hungover? Come here for Breakfast! Since it is right next to Caesar's Palace, you'll be facing an idyllic scene of beautiful fountains if you decided to sit outside and costumer service is awesome!  The waitress recommended excellent choices which were absolutely delicious. I love strawberries so I decided to try the Balsamic Strawberry Cream Waffles. All the flavors that are soaked up by the waffles unravel onto your taste buds and create a blissfully sweet experience. I never thought I'd find a piece of heaven on Earth, but here it is. Thus, if you love waffles then try the waffles here! In addition, the Breakfast Crescentwich was amazing and flavorful. In the mood for Breakfast sandwiches, waffles, or breakfast food to soak up the alcohol from your crazy night, then come here! Enjoy! =D
2	Frozen hot chocolate for $11. This better ignite fireworks on my palate and send me off in a frozen frothy chocolaty drink frenzy. Alas all this did was burn a hole in my seething pocket. Overrated. Overpriced. Over it.
4	The crab cake Benedict is all lump meat and very filling. Delicious! I'd definitely check them out again when I'm in Vegas next week.
4	Not just for dessert! Offers breakfast, lunch, and dinner items. On tip though: expect long wait times for tables because it's THAT good! Put your name on list and walk around outside fountains of Caesar's Palace.  Get photo opportunities! They text you when your table is ready.  They also offer a few adult desserts and speciality drinks.
2	I was soo hyped up to go to this place. I remember I ordered their famous frozen hot chocolate. Basically, it is a chocolate shake with a fancy name. Fancy decor but service was not good.  Amazing location for the tourists but for the locals, it's quite of a hike to get there if we have to park somewhere. Go again? Only for the strip watching.
3	I've been here a few times for lunch and sometimes just for dessert. I've had the frozen hot chocolate quite a few times and have tried a few different flavors. It's best to order and share it with a few friends. The portions are pretty good and the food is decent. I can't say I'm blown away by the food but it's a nice place to have lunch and share the frozen hot chocolate with your party.
3	I'll give this place a "3-stars" rating.I don't reccomend the regular food.But, they have pretty good selection of dessert.Dessert GALORE!!!The service is pretty poor here. My waiter never come back to my table to ask if our group needed anything else.I'm ok with the price. It's vegas.
3	Hot fudge sundae from the walk-up window while waiting for a show - delicious and convenient :)
2	Food was ok.Tried the frozen hot chocolate wasn't very impressed. Everything is overpriced and over rated
3	Seriously.. when you plan a trip to Vegas, the word "Diet" should NOT be in your vocabulary!! So many amazing restaurants and Buffets to choose from you better bring an extra pair of stretchy pants in you damn luggage Case in point. Serendipity3!  home of the famous frozen hot chocolate $11 (a little pricy but very satisfying)  and the Golden Opulence Sundae @ $1,000.00 WHAT?!?! that's a big as sundae, son! apparently there are some edible gold shavings they put on the ice cream.. and other expensive shit! Plus u gotta call them 48 hours in advance to get this monstrosity.. start gambling!... ;)They also got some kick ass appys and main dishes to choose from.. unfortunately i was only here for the dessert but it sounds and looks bomb from what i saw.. lol..Our server was "Aiight" (alright).. it seemed like we were waiting a long ass time for a few desserts, and it looked like he didn't wanna be there... (sigh) homie didn't even come back to see how we were doing or if we needed anything.. It wasn't even busy!!.. oh well, this shit happens a lot i hear.. Overall. Great place, great food .. i'll be back.. (says fat me) ;)
5	Was lucky enough to eat here free bc of vouchers I got from a timeshare that day. Way to treat myself to make up for a rotten afternoon. However, when in Vegas you should try it once! I'd totally have paid for the meal out of pocket.  Tried the nachos, and the amazing chicken strips. The amaretto frozen hot chocolate and the hub had the regular frozen hot chocolate. Amazing! Regretted I didn't try them a few months later in NYC.
1	Oooooh noooo.  Had such high expectations and was so disappointed.  Loved the movie Serendipity and the outdoor pink patio looked so cool and fun that they suckered us into coming.Our story.... we came in for a late lunch.  Right upfront the waitress mentioned that it will be a while before we get our food because they are busy.  Once she left, I looked around only to notice that they were only half filled to capacity (since the majority of their seating is outside and half of the outdoor tables were empty)  Go figure.We ordered an appetizer, salad, and we were going to split the hamburger.The appetizer arrived, and the hamburger arrived.... salad never made it.  Once we finished eating, we finally caught the waitress and asked about our salad... she apologized and said she would take it off the bill.  Take it off the bill????  Wow.... how generous of her considering we never received it!  It was comical because when she said that, she was acting as if she was going to do us a huge favor by not charging us for that salad.In addition, she had no sense of personal space....not sure if she was hard at hearing or what, but when we were ordering, she was leaning down right in our faces.... It was very annoying.About the food.... bland!  Our hamburger was dry, the soda was flat and seriously, the cookie dough sundae could be made at home and it would have tasted much better than theirs.  Seriously overpriced.  Months before, I tried the Carl's Jr. hamburger version of what we ordered here and let me tell you, Carl's Jr. was a 10 on a 1 to 10 scale and this was a 1.There are so many delicious restaurants to choose from in Vegas so I am shocked as to how little they care about good service and food here.I think it is a good idea to look at Yelp before going into a restaurant because if you see the average is 3 out of 5 stars, its safe to assume that nearly half the people weren't satisfied.  That's huge.  Most of my favorite restaurants do have 4 or 5 stars... this isn't one of them.
4	I recommend making a reservation on Opentable and having a full meal at the restaurant instead of the walk-up bar. If you have a TotalRewards membership through the Caesar's Palace family you not only get rewards here but also discounts! Only about a dollar or two a plate cheaper but when burgers are $17 and $18 it's worth it! They don't skimp on portions and if you aren't starved I would maybe share an entree. The burgers are to die for! My husband had one with brie on it and he was very impressed. The drinks are crazy expensive, $14 each? Nuts, but a pitcher of beer is only $17 so if you are trying to save money for the slots go that route. The location of Serendipity is perfect if you are seeing "Absinthe" which is mere steps outside the restaurant so it worked out for us. Save room for dessert, we tried two different ones during our trip and preferred the Sundae's over the frozen hot chocolate which is really a glorified $11 milkshake...the sundae however was amazing! We got the Broadway one and it said it had 'chocolate cake' in it, what we didn't realize was that it came with a literal piece of chocolate cake on top of the Sundae! No joke! We could barely eat half. We had a great server who was attentive and friendly. We will be visiting Serendipity again next time we are in town for sure!
3	I'm going to start out by saying that I was a little disappointed with this place. The outdoor appeal and girly decor drew me in for lunch. It was around 4 PM and it was super busy. It took a while for our waitress to finally reach us to take our order. For an appetizer, we ordered the Grilled Globe Artichokes, which was a big mistake. The artichokes we were served were quite small, dry and burnt, and we could barely salvage anything from them. We only got a couple leaves from each piece (three in total) and for $15, it wasn't worth it. We asked if we could order something else. The waitress let us know that the artichoke is suppose to be like that, but will gladly give us something different. We ordered chicken quesadillas. They were very average. Almost microwave quality.I ordered the Chicken Chop Chop salad, which is basically like a garbage salad (not literally) and I didn't care for it at all. The chicken quality wasn't good and the salad was overall very bland. It reminded me of a cafeteria salad. My friend ordered The Full Monty Chicken Sandwich and she didn't care for hers either. At this point we came to the conclusion that this place is probably better known for their sundaes and not their food, as just about every table was enjoying a big sundae. I'm a sucker for Red Velvet Cake, so when I spotted Red Velvet Sundae on the menu, I didn't have to do any other reading. The sundae was huge and contained loads of chocolate ice cream, a slice of red velvet cake and whipped cream and sprinkles. The cake was mediocre and frankly didn't have much flavor. The chocolate ice cream was super good and creamy - almost like a rich, chocolate frozen custard or gelato. The mix of red velvet doesn't go smoothly with chocolate ice cream (yes I know Red Velvet Cake is technically chocolate cake).. it's a bit overpowering to where you can't taste the cake. It'd probably be better with vanilla ice cream. It was good, but not good enough to OD on. Unfortunately not impressed and probably wouldn't recommend. Also, no restrooms in the restaurant. Thankfully, there is one nearby.
3	I've been wanting to come here for awhile, so I had my hopes up about this place. We came about 3 on a Monday, and was it packed! There was a line for the inside so we just decided to sit at the bar, which had some opened seats. We sat down and the bartender cleaned the counter and said he would be right with us. He was the only bartender on duty, poor guy. Despite that, he did get down our orders pretty quick,but they did take awhile to get unfortunately. We shared a s'more hot chocolate,which was good. To eat, we got some sliders for appetizer, caesar salad with shrimp and salmon, and a side of mac n' cheese. All the food was good, except for the sliders. The sliders were extremely over-cooked and they were the size of a half dollar, yes you read that right. Super expensive considering the size and portion ($14? and only 5 fo them I think). Not worth the money at all. The salad was over $20 but it was well worth it because it was delicious. Salmon and shrimp were so yummy! Mac n' cheese was as well! Our bartender was super nice and attentive considering his circumstances, and even comped the drink off the bill. Still like the place,but maybe next time I'll just go for some ice cream
4	After hearing what the big deal is about the frozen hot chocolate is here, I finally got to try it out. I made reservations since it was a Saturday night and I know how packed it gets over here. Good thing I did because the line was long!I ordered the chicken burger with fries and my fiance ordered the chili cheese foot long hot dog. The portions here are pretty big so I would recommend sharing because you want some room for dessert. For dessert we ordered the frozen hot chocolate and may I say that it was totally worth the calories. However, the second time I went here was with a friend and  they took forever with our food, it took about an hour for our food to arrive and the service wasn't the greatest. This visit I ordered the frozen white hot chocolate, which was as delicious as it sounds. So overall the food was okay but the dessert is must try!
3	If you are in line around 11pm, they will give you a sign to hold to tell the rest that they are closed.  For doing that, you will get a free Frozen Hot Chocolate.  I don't know if it is worth it because  a lot of people came and we had to do all the explaining saying that we were the last one in line. So $11 for a frozen hot chocolate that taste like a chocolate slush to me.  I don't think its worth it, but hey you gotta try it once right.  Nothing too special.
3	There's the actual dine in place and also an area outside where you could order food.  The first time I ordered the frozen hot chocolate (from outside), it was amazing!! The second time I ordered it, it was just okay.  Tasted more like ice.  If you order from outside, they give it to you in a plastic cup, but if you order inside, the presentation is pretty and it costs a little more.To dine in,  I gave my phone number to the hostess and she was able to text me when my table was ready.  I found this convenient, and the wait was only 15 minutes long.  It took quite a long time for our food to come out, but I understand that the kitchen was busy.  Our server was very friendly and accommodating.I went on a Sunday morning and Brunch is served until 2am.  You can't order off the regular menu.  Dessert was also being served.I ordered the fried eggs benedict.  It was alright but I wasn't completely satisfied with it.      The egg is kind of hard boiled.  I was hoping for it to have more sauce.  The biscuit was good but it was lacking in the other sauces so it made it seem a little dry.  For desert, I got the can't say no sundae.  I LOVED it.  The humble pie in it is yummy and rich in flavor.  It goes well with the ice cream.
4	A FAST review!Food:  Good, but a little overpriced.  Most of the portions are pretty big and can easily be shared, except for the crab cake sandwich.  The desserts are really why you go!  The frozen hot chocolate is fantastic!Ambiance:  Nice.  That's what it's all about, at least if you dine inside.Service:  We sat the bar and ate, so service was great and the servers were friendly.Thought:  Again, a little over priced, but the desserts are great!
2	This place is crap and over priced, people only go here for convenience. The food was below average, the drinks are kinda plain and the line is super long.  2 stars for convenience. I hear only good things about their desserts, which I didn't try, but i dont recommend their food.
3	Meh.Go for the ice cream, the neat decor and great location, but the food isn't unbelievable. If you want an awesome burger, go to Ramsay's joint in PH. We've been twice, about three years apart, and both times the service was extremely slow and the food (minus the ice cream) was just mediocre. They do have some awesome cocktails, though (crazy pricey but looked delicious - I had the one made with Crystal Light and it was yummy, although imagining the kind of margin they get  on a drink like that nearly made me sick).Check-in on Foursquare for a free Frozen Hot Chocolate.
4	Fun place to be with kids, definitely a tourist must do! My 12 years old had a great time between the meatball spaghetti and sundae, we just enjoy his joy! Worth the money!,
3	In short: I loved the food, hated the service.It's a very popular place in Vegas, it took us about 30 minutes to get a table and it was only 11:30 am in the morning. When we were seated, it took 20 minutes for her to come back and take our order. I ordered a chicken salad sandwich, my friend ordered a reuben sandwich and my other friend ordered the chicken pot pie. They didn't tell us they didn't have any more chicken pot pie until she gave us our sandwiches. My friend then ordered the chicken parm, but it took them 40 minutes to have it ready. It was ridiculous. I couldn't eat my sandwich slower.We waited so long that we were hungry again, so we ordered dessert. My friend got the frozen hot chocolate and I got the cookie sundae. The frozen hot chocolate is delicious and covered in whip cream (heaven, am I right?). The cookie sundae was also really good, but there were too many cookies in my opinion. They gave me 3 huge ones to eat with one scoop of ice cream. Also, it was HUGE. It doesn't look that big, but it is, and I couldn't even put a dent in it.Overall, great food, but I wish the service wasn't so poor.
4	Food is very good, but service was poor at first.  Quoted a 20-30 minute wait, but only took about 10.  A/C was not working well.  Waited 10 minutes to place orders, but no sign of waiter.  Finally  caught the manger's eye, he took our order.  Did not take long for food.   I had the brunch burger with fried eggs & it was delicious.  The frozen hot chocolate is delicious but not $11.  We received for free using a FourSquare/TotalRewards card.  Discount if you show TotalRewards card.  Sign up for texts to get on VIP list.
3	I came here twice this month and the first time, my friends and I dined in the restaurant and the second time, we ordered at the to-go window and dined outside.The dine-in experience I would give a 4 star while the to-go menu was disappointing and deserved a 3 star.As for the dine-in, we waited about 40 minutes and they gave us a hand held alarm to notify us when we were ready to go up.  We had a party of 8 the first time and the interior is brightly decorated with a lot of pink.We were seated and then proceeded to order drinks.  We came around noon so they still had the breakfast menu.  It goes until 2pm.  Anyhow, some of the people in my party ordered a few alcoholic drinks which they seemed to enjoy.  The real winner was the food.  The orders I remember were the steak sandwich and the waffles topped with all sorts of berries.  The steak sandwich wasn't of the greatest quality but none the less, the size and presentation was impressive.  The bread was a little hard and hard to bite and hurt the roof of my mouth a little.  It also came with egg, bacon and of course, the steak.  All in all, it was an enjoyable and tasty dish which was big enough to feed at least two people.  That's not even including the french fries that came with it. I also ordered waffles with berries on top along with caramel and whipped cream i believe.   As for that, they were decent waffles.  Not the best I've had, but similar to the steak sandwich, they were of large quantity.Service was great.  Our waitress was very polite, had a great sense of humor, and very prompt.  I think her name was Candace.As for my second experience, it was pretty lousy in comparison.  3 of my friends and I went to the to-go window and ordered a few frozen drinks, hot dogs, and nachos.  We ordered the chili cheese hot dog, hot dog with sour kraut, frozen hot chocolate, and a berry smoothie.  The hot dogs were very disappointing because both the quality and the presentation were not to the level of what we'd expect.  I'd rather go to Pink's Hot Dog stand which had a more delicious hot dog at a lower price.  The smoothie I had tasted fine but didn't justify the $10 price that came with it.  Anyhow, if you go here, don't expect the best quality food.  Expect decent food with a large quantity.  Avoid the to-go window at all costs.  Its not worth the price in my opinion.
5	I came here twice during my weekend visit in Vegas.  I loved it.  I sat a the bar both times, and the bar tenders are great.  I prefer sitting at the bar because you get your drinks fast (I order the frozen hot chocolate... its so amazing.  its worth every penny)  Yes the price is steep, but I love the food and I love the service I received.  I did wait a long time for my meal but when it came time to devour it, everything seemed to be worth it.  I really like the experience and I will come back every time I go back to Vegas.
4	Food is great especially for breakfast. Wasn't crazy about their drinks and their pricing is
4	Came here while I was in Vegas... totally cool... I just got a shot of Jameson... delish!
2	Went here last night for dinner before watching the fireworks at Caesar's Palace. When we got in line, there was only a couple in front of us waiting for a table, and we were told the wait would be 30 minutes unless we wanted to sit at the bar. Since we had been walking all day and were really hungry, we opted to sit at the bar. Well, the bar ended up being fairly small, so maybe we should have waited. Once seated, the blonde bartender took a while to give us a menu and seemed to be in a bad mood. While waiting to place our order, we overheard her complaining to the other bartender that everyone at the bar was drinking water and it was too busy. Well, people were sitting at the bar because the restaurant itself was full, and they wanted to eat. Also, when it is 112 degrees outside, it is important to stay hydrated. Plus, it was the 4th, so of course it was busy. The other  bartender was incredibly nice and took our order and kept our water glasses full...she even re-filled my water bottle for free. The food is okay, but it is definitely overpriced, even for being on the strip. My triple-decker grilled cheese and cup of soup was $15 and a side of onion rings I think was $8 and I got like 5 onion rings....definitely not worth it. Did not get a Frrrrozen Hot Chocolate this time because I just didn't feel like spending another $11. I would have given another star, but the rude bartender really turned me off and the fact that the bar only has about ten chairs. I think next time I come here, I will wait for a table or order from the window and sit outside like I do when I just get a drink.
5	"This is the best damn burger I've ever had in my life." - My dad, the frequent burger connoisseur.We came to this location back in February, and then again on the 4th of July. Making reservations both times made our trip much more enjoyable, since we didn't have to wait at all for a table (and they had closed to walk-ins on the holiday by the time we got there).I've had both sliders and regular burgers at this point. The meat is juicy, the toppings fresh, and the bread soft yet toasty.As for the frozen hot chocolate, it's good, but always too rich and too much (is that really a downside though?). I've only had the original flavor, but it's still a fun dessert. With two people, we've never finished the small size.Drinks aren't bad. I got a beer that I normally get at home for about $1 more than what I usually pay. They have a variety of speciality shots and cocktails as well.For an on-strip place, Serendipity 3 is definitely a cozy getaway from overpriced mediocre food. The prices reflect the quality, and the service is generally good.
4	SERVICE: Fast and Friendly.It was a Friday night, last weekend in June so they were packed. When we put our name down with the hostess we were told a 30 minute minute wait. We received a text message within about 10 minutes that the table was ready! Sweet!! The waiter was fast, and friendly. He didn't really do a whole lot of chit chat which I am perfectly okay with! FOOD: EXCELLENT!! I ordered the Ahi Tuna salad. This was so refreshing!! The tuna was superb, and the avocado was just the right texture! I could not finish the salad because the portion was huge which is why I think the 17 dollar price tag was fair and the tuna was so good! My husband ordered the ABC burger. It comes with avocado, brie cheese and caramelized onions. I watched him cut it down the middle and the cheese was melted on there just the right way! It looked really delicious and came with sweet potato fries. He really enjoyed his meal.We also ordered a frozen hot chocolate of course.. peanut butter cup flavor. It was 11 dollars so high, but worth it! We did not order alcohol. In fact, you really should only order alcohol in a Casino because anywhere else in Vegas you go there is a 500 percent mark up!! But we really are not drinkers and it was way too hot that weekend!! ATMOSPHERE: The decor is super cool in Serendipity 3, and I love the look of the menu! The dishes were pretty neat! You have great views all around you. With the Flamingo right across so you can see the Vegas lights and then on the other side you can see Caesar's Palace and there is a little courtyard area with a bar in the middle. I personally feel like one of the best parts about Vegas is all the people watching. If you sit near the courtyard section of the restaurant you can see a ton of people walking by! If you are like us and not necessarily poor but Craft Steakhouse is not an option,  this is a really decent restaurant where you can spend roughly 50 bucks for 2 people.
3	Totally a novelty, go there only if you want to say "yes, I've been there". Sundaes are pretty good, and HUGE but nothing outstanding, and not worth the $15 each. Big enough to share, possibly for three people, too. The fried oreo sundae is really good. There is always a wait to get in, and they close pretty early so if you don't get there early enough, they will tell you that they cannot get you in for that evening. Blows my mind that a mediocre restaurant in Vegas actually turns away business.
3	yummy burgers and fries. frozen hot chocolate is pretty good. I like my homemade soy cocoa drinks more though.
2	MEH. I wouldn't come back here for the food, it was generally mediocre.I think the draw is the location (right on the strip) and the size of the portions (insanely huge). Maybe if I was hungover I would have been more excited. The mojito was the highlight of the meal. Maybe if I tried the frozen hot chocolate I would be more impressed. That seems to be the hit here.
3	overrated. okay fare. not exceptional or outstanding. not bad either. there was some hype with which i went there and was kinda let down by the food we ate there.
2	I'd been hearing the hype about frozen hot chocolates for a really long time, but I was unwilling to wait in the long line for the restaurant. But no fear! There's a handy little take out line around back. I ordered my frozen hot chocolate, listened to a little One Direction over the loudspeaker, and waited for my drink.My frozen hot chocolate was disappointing. It tasted like chocolate powder, and not in a good way. It was something that I felt like I could definitely make for myself, and for much, much cheaper. It was tasty, but definitely not worth waiting around for.
3	its outlook was too fancy so that i had overexpected on its food and dink.food and drink looks delicious but when you actually tasted them, they were just too simple and average to dine in.
4	Overall a good place to grab a quick snack. Definitely try the foot long hot dogs and the frozen hot chocolate! It's a bit pricey but it's Vegas...what's cheap here? I'd give 4/5 because I was expecting something spectacular for the frozen hot chocolate, but pretty much tastes like a really good Starbucks frap, still worth a shot if you've never had it before though.
1	Awful service, the laziest hostess & servers I've ever seen, save your money folks as this place is a big overpriced joke!!! The stoner hostess was at least a little funny as she stared off into space while I complained, these places know that they can get away with poor service because of the constant flow of new people, I'll never stay at Caesars again becauseof this shitty tourist trap
3	Food was just okay, atmosphere was nice. Friendly waitstaff.
2	Pass. Bad food and even worse service. Took 15 min to get water, 15 minutes to pay, waitress dropped a glass of water on the table and in my lap.Bad eggs, bad cheese, bad potatoes, bad sausage (the enormous Italian sausage sized bad sausage). They have a frozen hot chocolate that they are famous for which is why they get 2 stars.Oh and the bathroom is around the corner from the restaurant on the ground level of an employee parking garage, pretty bizarre. I heard that they get lines at night and make the last person in line wear a sign that says he's the last one served in exchange for a free frozen hot chocolate.
2	I think this place is too hyped up, luckily we were able to walk right in on a Friday night without waiting.  Some reviews indicate a 1 hr wait time, so I was a bit skeptical.  The restaurant is cute, but very loud.  You have to yell to place your order!  Service is not the greatest, it's so crowded that I think it's hard for the waiters to properly attend you... You literally have to flag them down at times.  As for the food:Crab Artichoke Dip - really good, with big chunks of crab! BBQ & Bleu Burger - felt the Bleu Cheese overpowered the BBQ and bacon. Fries were delish!Kids menu - Mac & Cheese - great dish for kids, cheese was nice and creamyIce Cream Sundae - decent, nothing noteworthy
2	This restaurant was definitely quite pricey for the quality of food they serve. The food was mediocre at best, with the highlight being the free hot fudge sundae (we had a coupon). The food was incredibly heavy and honestly, didn't feel much better than your local Olive Garden/Cheesecake Factory. This place is kind of crowded, especially on weekends and you definitely have to make reservation at least a day ahead of time (don't know why, nothing so great here).The service was also very odd. Our waitress changed her attitude very clearly after we decided to not order alcoholic drinks. Not only that, she was serving a table next to us and she was definitely speaking to them inappropriately about something, telling the other table that they should not be doing certain things due to the fact that she will get in trouble for it (waiters should not be saying this to customers). She also went into a long-winded story with them about how she got into trouble. She spoke incredibly loudly and even in the loud restaurant, I could hear her from when she was serving the other table near us. This definitely made us feel very uncomfortable there.Probably won't come back again, since there's plenty of other awesome restaurants in Vegas.
4	Frrrozen Hot Chocolate is fantastic! Get your dessert before the main course. And order the dinosaur ribs for the main course. You're welcome.
3	Nothing wowed me about this place..maybe it was the buildup of the famous frozen hot chocolate but I've had better food. I ordered fried eggs benedict which was definitely unique, but pretty bland. Everyone else was just ok with their food as well. The frozen hot chocolate was decent, I don't really get the hype..but it looked pretty!
5	The food and service were great!We loved the Fried Oreo Sundae. Super fun and worth the wait for seating.
1	Well. This was disappointing.I guess it's a good thing this restaurant is in Las Vegas, because I was already expecting to spend exorbitant amounts of money on really stupid things that I would grow to regret, and that's exactly what I did.I was looking forward to trying a frozen hot chocolate at Serendipity 3. I love dessert, and it was about 6,000 degrees outside. The restaurant was conveniently located just outside of our hotel, so we trudged our way over and placed our orders at the take-out window in the back (for those customers who are not in the mood for a sit-down meal). We then forked over $11 each, received our drinks (the basic Frrrozen Hot Chocolate) and trudged over to the seating area closest to the water misters.Maybe it would have been better to sit down and order inside the restaurant. Who knows? All I know is that I was very saddened by my frozen hot chocolate. Because that sounds really fancy! That sounds like it should be exotic and delicious! But after a sip or two, it dawned on me that we'd totally just spent $11 on a glorified chocolate milkshake that was probably worth $2-3 at most.There is nothing interesting, exciting or innovative about the frozen hot chocolate at all. It's not even that tasty. I had been taken for a ride. I will be happy to never return to Serendipity 3.But I do like the font they use on their menu.
4	We went on a very buy Friday night... we had to wait about 20 minutes, but we got pagers and walked around the outdoors area at Caesars. It was a nice wait. Our food was delicious and the service was excellent. We got a frozen hot chocolate, of course... it was yummy! I am from NYC so I am familiar with Serendipity. I was excited when they opened one here... but I waited a while before checking it out. I am glad I finally did...
3	Desserts are the star here! If you come solely for a frozen hot chocolate or yummy treat, you'll have a 5 star time all the way!HOWEVER, if you come here for dinner, don't expect anything different than you could get at your local diner. And for triple the price. Waitstaff seem hurried and frazzled. Hostesses are drone-like. Very mediocre service.That being said, I will ALWAYS be back for the signature frosty indulgences...no matter how blah everything else may be!
2	I'm really mad we ate here. I got the Asian Chicken Salad. It wasn't  terrible but it could have been way better. However the price wasn't too bad. My BF got the 1 foot hot dog and once again it was not terrible but I've had better. Friends ordered burgers and they really looked like sliders. They were tiny. The service was so so. They did charge me $1 for a cup of water. I thought water was free everywhere???
3	I felt the frozen hot chocolate was a little hyped up.  It's just an iced version of hot chocolate.  I thought it was gonna be spectacular too.  By the way, you'd want to order the small since the order for 2 is large enough to feed 4 adults unless you want a sugar high.  My recommendation is a 3/5.The entrees sampled are the crispy chicken salad and the crab cake sandwiches.  The crispy chicken salad is your regular old green salad with dressing of your choice.  What's different about it is the large fried chicken pieces that comes with it.  If you want to order a salad just to be conservative on the calories, you might want to eat less of the chicken and more of the greens.  Overall, the crispy chicken salad is 3/5 but the chicken gives it a +1 so it turns out to be 4/5.  The crab cake sandwich is just a plain old crab cake sandwich with an inflated price.  That's a 3/5.Overall, this place is between 3 and 4 stars with more leaning towards 3 stars.  Still, it's a nice place to go for a cold dessert on a hot desert summer day.
2	50 minutes to get a grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup that tastes subpar. The tomato soup is very sour and not creamy. It tasted almost like tomato paste.  Also their crab cake sandwich has really dry crab meat. The only thing that's descent at this place is their frozen hot chocolate which is why I gave them a 2 star instead of a 1 star.
4	Love this place too bad it's on the strip! I hate dealing with parking and tourists, but the food is delicious! Highly recommended!
4	Super tasty food. Cheerful service.  Will def return...
4	Frozen Hot Chocolate is amazing, duh!  It's so overpriced, but that's Vegas for you.  Also try to get one of their giant donuts.  Put these two things together and YOU win.
5	So delicious!  Get the frozen hot chocolate
2	I don't understand why there is always a long wait when you visit the outside food window. You literally wait a good 30-45 mins to order and 10-15 more for your food. This past sunday (Easter) it was 40-50 min wait for food alone. I hate to think how long you wait for food inside the restaurant?! I only come here for the frozen hot chocolate which is delicious. But the price is definitely not. You pay over 10 bucks for something the size of a tall drink at Starbucks. Lame-o's!
4	Giant cake, yummy flavored coffee and cold dessert. You can have all these for under $ 50. Rightly-priced.There's serendipity salad that I want to get the recipe. I tried to memorize what's in it but I blacked out. It's Vegas and by the time the sun has set... everything in Las Vegas seem to be forgettable. You know what I mean. Serendipity is in the middle of the strip in the Caesar's Palace compound. Sit at the terrace and you can have fun watching people walk by - amazed children, overtly funny Transformer costume, women sweating in high heels, men sweating in long sleeves, grandmas ready to gamble and everything in between. Back to food. Everything is BIG. Come hungry. And have fun!
4	Frozen hot chocolate!  We live here but whenever we're walking around the Caesers Palace area we always stop by the window outside for dessert.  They have some tasty treats for sure!  Be prepared for typical Vegas prices, it isn't DQ, so don't be surprised when it's a bit more expensive.We have had dinner inside before and it wasn't that good or spectacular, so I will keep this part of the review for desserts only.  I probly would give the actual sit down food a 3/5... maybe.Definitely do dessert though.  Good people watching and plenty of places to hang out and enjoy the sweets either on the patio or hanging out in the big Caesers Palace promenade out front.
3	I visited Serendipity back in February. In general I would say the food was good, but not fabulous. The menu is overwhelming with choices. I had a Turkey club and sweet potato fries. They were decent, but I probably should have just ordered a Sundae as the desserts looked great. The service was very slow. The place is very loud and I would say not cheap for what you get. The atmosphere is nice, but probably better geared for kids. The bathroom is also about 5 minutes away from the dining room. OK I am exaggerating, but it is outside the restaurant and a bit of a hassle to get there. All in all the experience was just OK.
1	We rented a room in Vegas at Caesars Palace They gave us a room with a broken bed, the shower was putting more water at the bottom than at top.  The room had a window that was the whole wall, but they had a water tank as our view. the room was from the El Capone's era.  We had made the reservation about a month ahead.  We complained to http://Vegas.com and they said it was the hotels fault, we complained to Caesars an they said it was the people we had the reservation through, the managers at Caesars were very rude, I did get an upgrade but I had to pay for the difference, I had the worst Customer service from the manager. We had 3 persons in our party but the manager refused to give me the 3rd key until I apologize, I refused and never received the 3 rd key.  the hotel is supposed to be a 5 five star hotel this is not true.  Please do not stay there is not worth the hassle when you are on vacation.
4	I'm only making reviews based on the Frozen Hot Chocolates. I've never had the food here. LOVE the original Frozen Hot Chocolate! Stick with that one. Got the Oreo one too and it wasn't as delicious. Though it's delicious, I gave it 4 stars because of the price! It comes out to be around $12 after taxes. That's a bit pricey, but hey...that's Vegas for you!
5	Serendipity in front of Ceasar Palace would be one of my favorite spots to eat at for Dinner if I were a tourist, first time visitor to SinCity!!! Stamp by "MrVegasVip"
4	Breakfast saints and sinners French toast log was amazing, huge but perfectly cooked and tasted wonderful.Frozen hot chocolate was tasty around lunch, maybe a tad overpriced.
4	I've gone here twice so far in my life and I definitely plan on going back in the near future. While some say their trademark frozen hot chocolate is overrated,  I say NAY! I sprung for the original frozen hot chocolate while my friends ordered an oreo and peanut butter one. It arrived to us overflowing, good thing there was a bowl at the bottom to make sure you got your money's worth ($11). The chocolatey medley with the whip cream and chocolate shavings made me go on quite the sugar high. So refreshing.I also ordered the Las Vegas dog. Complete with your choice of fries, sweet potato fries or coleslaw this dog was huge!! Topped with cheesy goodness and jalapeno pepper slices, I ended up tapping out with only devouring half of it. Sad face. I wish I had it now. Yums.Another thing to note is that the wait wasn't too bad during the lunchtime rush. 20 to 30 minutes didn't seem so bad when I've waited longer for our local CPK restaurant (lame). When making the reservation I had to give my number to which they conveniently texted me to say our table was ready. Awesome.
4	Pretty good. I must admit that I avoided this place every time I went to Vegas because I thought it would have the same food and crappy frozen hot chocolate as the novelty foods at the New York location. Man, I was wrong. Food servings here are heaping. Get a sandwich and it's literally 1.5 feet long. The mac and cheese my friend had was thick and creamy...yum. But my absolute favorite of this restaurant was the Frozen Hot Chocolate. Yeah, I know I called them crappy 2 sentences ago---but that was New York's Serendipity: It's just a watered down Frosty. -- But the LV location has different variations of the Frozen Hot Chocolate -- we got the Oreo one with Almond slivers....omg delicious. Will definitely come back again to try the other stuff on the menu.
1	$10 milkshake.  About three sips of milkshake and half of the small cup was whipped cream.  Tremendous rip-off, even by Vegas standards.  Get thee to Burger Bar for a fantastic milkshake.
4	Orrreo Frozen Hot Chocolate with candied almonds - delicious!  I would say this was better than the one in New York.  Larger menu selection and the frozen hot chocolate was much much better. If you are in the area, stop here for a great frozen dessert.
1	After living in Vegas for 5 years, I finally decided to check out Serendipity. Everything is so over priced. It was mediocre at best. For the price, I expected a lot more. Definitely the first and last time I'll ever go.
5	Went here for lunch one afternoon and had had the greatest man sandwich...........steak.egg.bacon and cheese on a roll.......find it and order it!!!!!!
2	Was excited to check it on when I was down on the strip. All the talk about the one everyone rushes to in NY had me intrigued. The interior is very loud and overwhelming. The menu is hard to follow and it's a little confusing having two prices on everything. One for us regular folk, and one for what I'm guessing are people who sign up for players cards at the hotel, but not 100% sure since there wasn't any explanation. Food was ok, nothing special, took a long time to get soup and french fries, and the server kept disappearing. Took forever to get a refill of my soda, and even longer to get the check and have our credit card ran. I know it's on the strip, but super expensive for what they offer. Won't be coming back and won't be sending anyone I know down there to eat.
4	The food was GREAT! The service, not so much =/My family and I checked out Serendipity for lunch on Sunday morning. It was pretty crowded when we arrived around 10 AM so we were told we would have to wait for 20-30 minutes. I really liked how the hostess was using an ipad that would message my iphone when our table was ready =) You are given the option of sitting inside or out but we wanted inside because it was getting really hot outside already. Thankfully we only had to wait 10 or so minutes before I received a text saying our table was ready. When we sat down our table was pretty wet since they just cleaned it. We ordered really quickly since we had looked at the menu while we were waiting and we figured it shouldn't take that long to get our food. Unfortunately, we waited 30-40 minutes for our breakfast -___- I was getting REALLY HUNGRY since we were seeing all the people around us receive food and we weren't getting squat... FINALLY our food came over and we were amazed by how big the portions were. My pancakes were ginormous, my mom's steak sandwich was an entire baguette, and my boyfriend's waffles were the size of your head. Blueberry pancakes: Super nom. They put a good amount of blueberries in there and they don't drown the pancakes in butter like normal places do. Syrup was great and on the side.Steak Sandwich: MASSIVE. The steak was very good and they add bacon and three fried eggs to the sandwich. The bread is an entire baguette aka way too much for one person to finish. The potatoes on the side were over seasoned (too salty) and they burned the first batch so we made them make some more. Corned Beef Hash and Eggs: NOM. The hash here is super fresh and meaty, WOW!! I was jealous of my dad's plate after he gave me a bite of the hash. They give you 4 pieces of bread though which was kind of overkill.Banana Cream Waffles: Satisfy your sweet tooth. Two waffles with bananas, cream, raspberries, blackberries and chocolate sauce. Not for the faint of heart.All in all the food was DELICIOUS but our server forgot about us and it's VERY difficult to get the server's attention since there is so much going on here.
1	Go across the street to Hash House A Go Go. The food isnt anything I cant make in a dorm room with a microwave. The wait was 45 minutes, which didnt surprise me. What did surprise me was how rude our waiter was. I've never had an incident ever in my life with a waiter that didnt want to be there, didnt want to write four extra words onto his order ticket, forgot to fill waters, doesn't check on us at all (except at first when only half of us had our food), and takes 20 minutes to figure out how to split a 6 person check in half. I actually watched his brow furrow when he tried subtracting an even $40 from $100. Aside from just a shoddy waiter, our backs were literally touching the backs of the people behind us (tables poorly laid out), tables and floors were sticky, hostess was rude, nearest restroom was outside of the restaurant at the end of a garage/tunnel
1	Worst experience ever. Service was worse. food was cold. workers were rude. food wasnt as good as talked about. never want to eat here again. ridiculous wait also.
3	The food here was delicious. I was looking forward to trying the frozen hot chocolate that I have heard such great things about, including from yelp reviews. I was really disappointed with it. After dining in for our meal, we decided to pick up a frozen hot chocolate from the on the go area outside so we could drink it while walking around. I honestly wouldn't recommend the  it unless you are incredibly curious about it and are dying to try it.
4	Frozen hot chocolate is a must! Just use the walk up window- and enjoy. I had the traditional one and it was awesome! Shared it with my sister an still had plenty left over!
2	Was there with seven others this week. It was very hot and humid. We waited about 45 min. To be seated in outside patio. Server was pleasant, ice cream was good. I was very uncomfortable when the outside fans were turned off at 8pm.We were informed that management would not turn them on again. I can eat great ice cream anywhere on the strip while being comfortable. So sad I had waited to eat at "the Serendipity" disappointed.
2	This place is way overrated. The frozen hot chocolate is yucky. Starbucks Frappuccino is way better and less than half the price. I don't get it. Is it because these people on TV say oh I must go there and you follow too. I'm sure the rent is terrible for them. They might survive but only because of new tourists arriving each month.
3	I went for a anniversary couple years ago it was not all that it was hyped up to be. the ice cream was good of course but not out of this world
4	We had lunch here a couple days ago , sat outside on the patio over the Strip. Service and food were great. I had the crab artichoke dip and it was amazing! My friends got the pizza and it was great also. Huge portions. Great food and service. Just wish I wasn't too full to try the frozen hot chocolate or a dessert. :( Next time!
4	My kids love it!Been there a couple of times and always enjoyed the courtyard seating and the ice cream is pretty good
3	Had the frozen hot chocolate and I guess I'm going to have to agree with the other reviewers in that it's nothing too great to rave over.  It does taste like a cold hot chocolate.  Wasn't amazed well, only amazed at the price.  Overpriced but at least my wife really enjoyed it.  I must be missing something.
3	Window Service/ Donuts only.A friend told me about this place so during my recent visit I took my nephew with me to check it out.  It looked boring inside so we ordered at the takeout window. He loves donuts and it was on the menu so we got one.A BIG ONE.They only have 2 kinds - glazed and chocolate.  They were out of glazed during this visit so we had chocolate.  I don't care for chocolate donuts much but this one was good. $5 ($4 for me since I have a Total Rewards card) but well worth it, which is a surprise since every thing's grossly overpriced on the Strip anyway.  We did a midnight run 2 days later - he had glazed this time. My nephew's motto is "Donuts make me happy" -  I had to agree this time.  So if you like donuts - check this place out.
3	Huge portions! I had a chicken salad sandwich that could have lasted two or three days. It was tasty, I admit. Apparently the milkshakes are really good, but I didn't try one.Next time I am on the strip, I will be just as happy to eat someplace new as I would to come back to Serendipity 3.
1	Are... You... Serious......Why in the world is this place so popular? I really wish it wasn't so I wouldn't have been tempted to go and waste my time and money!1. Took them 15-20 minutes to bring us water. We just came from a pool party and we were SOOO dehydrated. It shouldn't really matter where we came from, everyone is dehydrated in Vegas, it's a desert! Hello! Can we please have some water ASAP?! 2. Food took a million years to come out.3. Food was mediocre, at best. The $30 ribs were so dry they tasted like dirt. The pasta had no flavor. The omelette was okay. The burger was okay too. But we could've gone somewhere else and paid the same price for much better food. REGRETS!4. The frozen hot chocolate they brought me (the only thing I really wanted to come for) looked and tasted TERRIBLE! Well, I guess it tasted alright... Like icy hot chocolate basically. But RIGHT when they brought it out, it was melting all over! I couldn't even get a good picture in. I had to send it back. I have NEVER sent back anything in my life, but I was NOT about to pay $15 (is that how much it is?) for that.... No thank you... They brought the tables next to me prettier frozen hot chocolates. Why did MINE suck?! Whatever, saved $15 I guess.Don't waste your time, people! Go elsewhere. Extremely disappointed as I was really looking forward to trying this place!
3	long wait....the host looked piss! so i bought my banana split outside of the restaurant...it was ok not like WOW.
2	I've been wanting to try this place for years!! Frozen hot chocolate was good, everything else.... Not so much.  Definitely do not get their dry ass beef ribs that came with 3 for $20.  There are so many better places in Vegas.  If you have to try out the hot chocolate, go for it.  Do not get any food though.  So overpriced and so unsatisfying. We got wings, beef ribs, and two frozen hot chocolate for two and it was $80 after tax and tip.  Oh hell no.
3	OH MY!! I cannot believe I forgot to rate this place.. I went I believe July 3rd around mid-day. It was hot as he** outside and didn't help that half the seating for serendipity is outside on the patio. Needless to say we waited to be seated about 20-25 mins or so. The food was pretty good. Huge portions, for me anyways so I split the sandwich I ordered which was "The strip steak sandwich". Good but I would prefer a better cut of steak... eh anyways moving along it was all good but a little overpriced.  If weather permitted would have preferred outside seating and dessert but I was too full and it was too hot to try either.. However I did come back the next day and I tried the frozen hot chocolate and the oreo frozen hot chocolate but this time I went to the walk-up, to-go window...super convenient and fast by the way.Both were good but oreo one was better. Had a richer taste to it. The plain one was somewhat iced down.. I'm a chocolate lover so.... they also weren't as big as the ones I seen inside. not sure what difference was.. I posted some pics also of the items. Anyways I will go to the one in New York next and see what the diff is and I will come here again next time I visit Vegas.
2	The reason why I came here was because of a friend who has never been to Las Vegas. He said he saw this on one of the food network and wanted to try it. His thinking was, "it's on the food network so it must be good."He said they were known for their frozen hot chocolate, and that had my group of friends sold. The wait wasn't too long, it was about 25 minutes.  This is what we ordered...Mac & Cheese- Just like any other mac & cheese from any other place such as Hard Rock Cafe. It wasn't too cheesy which was good and it had a hint of truffle on it. I wish it had a bit more truffle. On the other hand the bacon was a bit too oily and fatty for my liking.Dont Be Afraid Of My Alfredo-  Be very afraid if you can't eat a lot. This pasta dish is very filling and cheesy. It wasn't the worse Alfredo I had, but definitely far from the best. To put this in perspective, I believe Cheesecake Factory's Alfredo is superior.The Chili Cheese Dog- The chili cheese dog was a foot long... Too bad it tasted like any other chili cheese dog and not to mention 18 bucks Crab Cake Sandwich- Probably the only thing that stood out. My friend had this, and said it was delicious but yet not worth the money.We also had their frozen hot chocolates. I don't why they are famous for it, but it just tasted like any other shake.. If you do get the frozen hot chocolate I recommend the original or the strawberry one. DO not get the Oreo one as it was way too sweet.In the end, the food isn't bad, but the pricing was just horrible. It's way too expensive, and you can get the same quality food at Cheesecake Factory with bigger portions.
4	The whole family loves Serendipity 3.  We've been there for dessert, dinner, lunch, and brunch and have never been disappointed.  I will say that if you're driving, it seems very tempting to park at Ceasar's Palace (or use the valet) but it is a nightmare getting through all the pedestrian traffic and CP's traffic flow is not the most intuitive.  I suggest parking over at the Flamingo or Bill's and walking across the bridge; it's probably about the same distance from parking in CP's garage and walking through the casino.
2	Came here with 8 girls last weekend as part of a bachelorette party.  Unfortunately, turned out to be a very disappointing meal for me.  First of all, $11 for the "frozen hot chocolate"?? This can't be the same treat that the whole world raves about.  It was too icy, WAY too sweet, and tasted like a concoction I could whip up at home with some instant nestle powder.  I was not alone on this boat, many of my fellow diners agreed with me.  Even my friend from New York who regularly frequents the original manhattan serendipity- she thought the one served here was of inferior quality.  If you must order one of these tourist trap treats, I suggest the Amaretto flavor- much better tasting than the regular one.  Breakfast did not fare much better.  I wanted to order the egg white shrimp frittata-  but the waitress told me they ran out (really? at 10:30am??)  Instead, I ordered the fried eggs benedict (Corn Meal Crusted Fried Poached Eggs, Classic Hollandaise & Canadian Bacon atop Sausage Gravy & House Made Biscuit). When the dish arrived, it certainly looked pretty enough!  But alas, it did not taste as good as it looked.  I hoped that despite the egg being fried, the yolk would still be relatively runny.  My hopes were quickly dashed. The lack of creamy yolkiness took all the fun away from eating an eggs benedict :( The hollandaise sauce was too sparse and the biscuit was too dry and tough to cut- not flaky at all.  All in all, probably the worst eggs benedict I've had.  The other girls ordered the staple brunch dishes (french toast, chicken&waffles, omelet).  Portions were massive and it made for great photo-ops.  But in the end, nobody raved about their food, and we took back ~70% of it in doggie bags.  On a brighter note, our leftovers were put to good use later that evening as a drunken midnight snack.  I guess beer-goggles can apply to tastebuds as well!
1	I have out of town guests no less than 10 times per year. The last time I went here, was the last time. Service was so horrible we left before even getting our food; our waitress took our order - a burger and a veggie burger and then never came back to our table. 45 minutes, she walked by multiple times as everyone around us got food and refills. Our glasses empty, no explanations until she saw us get up to leave and sprinted over to beg us to stay, because she forgot to put our order in. I politely told her no, we had been there over an hour counting how long we waited to place our order, and that enough was enough, that next time that happened to her she should make her customers aware and maybe offer a water refill. No offer to speak to a manager, the hostess clearly didn't care either since we were seated beside the hostess stand, and my tweet to the restaurant went unanswered. I'll take my local dollars, and my tourists' dollars elsewhere.
2	I absolutely love their Forbidden Broadway Sundae.  It is huge, has everything you want on it... rich chocolate cake, chocolate & vanilla ice cream, hot fudge, whipped cream all served...its amazing!The only downfall to this place are the wait times and the workers.  The wait to sit can be as little as 10 minutes to as along as 2 hours.  Are you kidding me?!?!  And then when you look and see that there are tons of empty tables needed to be bused and the staff don't seem that interested in busing them is a total turn off for me.  Then when we actually sat down, we didn't get service for over 10 minutes and not to mention our waiter barely said anything to us.  We barely saw him.  It took forever to get our food and it took even longer to our check, to pay and then to sign for it.The only reason why we come is because of the desserts.  If the desserts weren't good, I'm pretty sure we wouldn't come back.
3	Food was okay we did the togo window. paid $100 to feed two salads, a burger and hot dog and a couple drinks..... they tried to put very little lettuce in my cousins salad while mine was plentiful so we asked for more...I mean we are paying for food not a appetizer. They did it though, even though the lady hesitated to...overall wont come again unless its for the frozen hot chocolate which was really good.
2	Food was ok but the service was horrible everybody was rude for the price of the food I was expecting better definitely wont be going back there
3	Service was bad, the food quite tasteless but nice decour and location.
1	Worst service. Had reservations and was bring our child to celebrate her Bday.  Had to walk out after an hour of waiting.  Manager was passive and didn't care.  DO NOT GO HERE unless you have to do the touristy thing!
1	Ah, what idiot of a restaurant does NOT turn on their fans for outside seating until 11? Sitting at the restaurant now sweating while trying to enjoy my breakfast. Note to serendipity, turn on your fans! It's the desert, it's summer! WTF! Food is not that bad, but hard to enjoy because it's soooooo damn hot!  Service is eh. Nothing special.
1	One star because the food is really delicious. Otherwise, the service is terrible. We waited for a table for 40 minutes at 3:00 in the afternoon after being guaranteed 20 minutes (a party of THREE). Our waitress was apathetic at best, completely forgetting one of the items I ordered and leaving our table before we finished asking questions. Not worth your money.
1	Overpriced, crowded, loud. Three words that perfectly describe this place. I ordered the frozen hot chocolate for two to share with my girlfriend. Thinking it would be a bit on the sweet side, I ordered a pot of tea to share, also. It took forever for the drinks to come out, and it was quite comical when they ran out of tea pots and had to scramble for it. The frozen hot chocolate sucked. It was too watered down and half of it was whipped cream. For around 25 bucks total, I would much rather get drunk on something from Fat Tuesday or gamble some more (and get free drinks + tip) than drink a crap "hot chocolate" and stay sober...Never again.
4	Good service, professional servers, food portions are generous, presentation of good very interesting and fun, frozen hot chocolate is very good,Not too sweet. Excellent
2	Serendipity means "happy accident" or "pleasant surprise," but unfortunately, this restaurant was neither. The wait, service, and food were all just mediocre, but it is a good place to take someone just for the experience. I normally do not mind the wait for popular restaurants, but the ladies who are in charge of the line are horrible at giving approximate wait times and they don't accommodate for everyone who is waiting to get placed on the waiting list. There were a handful of people who were ignored... who ended up leaving because of the horrible service they're getting (and they didn't even sit down yet!). We waited quite a long time to get seated, but our server was pretty helpful in helping us choose what to order. We decided to share the Don't Drop Your Skirt Steak Frites. It looks really fancy, but it didn't taste as fancy as it looked.We also ordered the Frozen Hot Chocolate that everyone orders when they go to Serendipity. Now, I'm not a huge fan of chocolate, but I do enjoy hot chocolate. I thought frozen hot chocolate was going to taste super different, but it was just like regular hot chocolate! For a little over $10, I think I'll just make my own at home.
3	i wouldn't get anything else from this place except the frozen hot chocolate.. that's the best item on their menu.  I did order the crab dip and it was ok.  I went on a sunday night with reservations and we didn't even need it b/c there were tables available.  I dont think i would wait more than 15 mins for this place.. i'd much rather just order to go.
3	Overrated .  Prices are to high.  The desserts are good but not worth the price.  Food is blah for what you pay.
2	burger was pretty good but not worth $15.  Bathroom is outside the restaurant and around the corner (odd).  Just wasnt impressed overall.
2	My hot dog was good, but the burger with the blue cheese was off. The blue cheese did not compliment the burger at all. The alcoholic beverages were super overpriced but I guess average considering it was the strip. The waitress wasn't very good. She got our order wrong then apparently forgot to put it in which is why our food took so long. The good thing was that we were seated pretty quickly.
4	Great food, Great Frozen hot chocolate
2	Cute ambiance but overall disappointed.   Wait was 20 min when almost half of the place was empty.  So we sat at the bar.  Mauricio was nice but was lacking.  Asked for bloody mary to not be too spicy and I was blowing flames with mine.  Frozen hot chocolate ( which is what they are known for) was completely watery and disappointing.  I wanted huevos rancheros but with flour tortilla instead of tostada and was told "no".  So I ordered the breakfast quesadilla but with an overeasy egg.  Mauricio came out and told me that they couldn't do it with the egg in it that they could only put the egg on the side.  I was completely baffled by this but agreed.  Overall not impressed!!!!
4	Frozen hot chocolate is amazing!
3	I was a little disappointed when I came here.  Everyone talked about how great this place was and after seeing them on the food channel, I always wanted to check this place out.The wait, service, and food were all just mediocre, but it is a good place to take someone just for the experience.   We were seated right away.  We order 3 frozen hot chocolate and a bowl of chili.  About 15 minutes later the frozen hot chocolate came out.  It looked good and tasted good.  However, after a few sips it was gone.  I think there was more whip cream than there was frozen hot chocolate.  By the time they were almost done drinking their drinks, my bowl of chili finally comes out.  It was so spicy that I couldn't eat more than 1 bite. :(  I wished it was noted on the menu that it was super spicy.overall i was disappointed in the service and the drink portion.  I think that if we are paying $11.00 then it should come with more frozen hot chocolate instead of whip cream.  I don't think I will be back to this place but I would love to check out the NY store because I hear that the place is awesome.over priced food, slow service...over rated....
5	Love this place whether in NYC or Vegas. Best time to go is for breakfast if you don't want to wait but if not definitely worth the wait.
4	This place is great !I ordered the seared ahi tuna salad and when it came the neighboring table was drooling.  The tuna was seared perfectly, topped w/ sesame seeds and was so fresh !  I also had a tip from a good buddy of mine to try the frozen hot chocolate dessert.  Got the large cup and split it w/ my homeboy.Heads up - its $14 and good, but way too sweet for my taste.  I like my sweets but good lord , you have to be a super sweet tooth to really enjoy the frozen hot chocolate drink ~  I definitely will come back here the next time I am in Vegas, but pass on dessert ^_^.
5	I always enjoy a good frozen hot chocolate from Serendipity. Never fails when I have a chance to drive by the strip.
4	Just tried their fries and frozen hot chocolate.  Their fries were very common but their frozen chocolate was very tasty.  I was the last one there so I got it for free :)
2	I was super excited to come here for the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate! I had made reservations about a month prior to my visit. We got seated 5 minutes upon arrival - which wasn't bad. However, it was after we got seated when things started to turn downhill.It took them 10 minutes to get our drink orders (when all we wanted was ice cold water). Took them another 15 minutes on top of that to take our food orders. & the worse part? It took about 45 minutes for our food to come out! Service is not even worth the 2 stars, but I will give it to them just for the food being mediocre and for the delicious Frrrozen Hot Chocolate!
4	This is a spot I take non-local friends/family.  It's right outside Caesars Palace next to the Absinthe tent.  They always have crazy lines for to-go and dine-in so reserve a table. The place is cute if you're into girly stuff: pink, beanie babies, totes, chocolate, desserts, etc.  They have indoor and patio seating.  I'd rather sit inside because the view from the patio isn't all that wonderful: ruins of Bill's Gambling Saloon, Flamingo and Hot Babes Direct to You mobile billboard passing by every few minutes.I like their desserts (Deep Fried Oreos and Ice Cream, Black and White Sundae, Banana Split, Red Velvet Sundae)  only if I'm with a group because their portions are huuuuge and I don't feel like spending 5 hours at the gym trying to burn the calories from their desserts! Frrrozen Hot Chocolate is a must-have though - but again, it's meant to be shared.For their savory items, I've tried their Ahi Tuna Salad (wishing it had negative calories to lower my caloric intake from the hot chocolate! Ha!), ABC Burger (avocado, brie and caramelized onions), Foot Long, Egg White Frittata, Chicken and Waffles and their High Heel Pump (prosciutto, arugula, mozzarella, tomatoes, basil, pesto and balsamic Glaze).  I've always wanted to try their Foot Long Haute Dog with gold leaf, truffles and foie gras but they only have it their New York shop (which was closed due to rat infestation the last time I went).With Serendipity, I'm guilty of my willingness to pay for cute, the name (which the movie was named after and a portion was filmed) but mediocre food. I still like them for their Frrrozen Hot Chocolate.
4	Whenever in vegas buffets a must. I only come here when childrens are with our party and we usually just hop on for the frozen hot chocolate here. Its worth sharing. The other items we usually order is the appetizers which is ok not the best. I never got the chance to try the main entrees here. It is overpriced and personally rather do the buffet in ceasars.
1	Everyone makes a big deal about this place but their service sucks at the restaurant and also on the to go windows. The only reason we went back was because we liked the desserts and nachos but when we ordered nachos they said they didn't have some so we asked for chili cheese dog the girl also said we dont have that either. How can a very known place like this not be well stocked. I was very disappointed i dont think ill ever be going there again.
1	Wife and I visited here two days ago.  We waited an hour for our sandwich which was not properly cooked (steak sandwich with the meat barely cooked and bloody).  Our desert arrived an hour late.  When we talked to the manager, he just smirked "the was not even cooked huh" after seeing the bloody mess on our table.  No apology.  What a disappointment for an anniversary dinner.  Never going back!
4	Yes I became a fan just because of that evil yes evil the one and only LV steak strip sandwich if you give me garlic bread, eggs, steak and bacon you made me a fan, you gotta try this!
3	Took lover boy here for his birthday and I had been very excited to try the frozen hot chocolate. Food is WAY too big! Lol I'm really not complaining but this is definitely a share place!
2	I didn't like this place too much. Let me start with the food it was tasteless! There was a 50 min wait Not Worth IT!.I don't want to write too much about this place because it was not a fun experience. Vegas has much better places!!
3	The only reason I come here for whenever I go to Vegas is to try the different varieties of FRRROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE. This is such a genius invention.The food is mediocre (I don't mean it if I sound like I'm insulting the food but I'm just saying that the first impression isn't WOW when you take a bite) Often I couldn't decide because there's way too much food in the menu.Can't complain about the number of people here since it is a local hotspot! Sometimes, I am disappointed in their service though, it takes a while for them to make your food even if it's just an appetizer. It's like they're still growing the vegetables or catching the cow in the back. This is why I only come here for the FHC!I love their method of texting you when your table is almost ready... That gives you time to gamble a little bit in Caesar's Palace.Last thing I would say is someday, when I have enough money for their Golden Opulence Sundae (which costs $1000), I hope it doesn't disappoint! Gold flakes better be coming out of my behind after I eat that.
4	This is our go to breakfast spot on our departure from Vegas...we normally stay at Nobu Hotel so location is very close...S3 has a huge menu so it's a little overwhelming at first...being from the south,one thing that grabbed my attention were the chicken and waffles...very good decision,they were both excellent...my wife had the frozen hot chocolate that was out of this world...huge portions,great drinks and excellent service...this will remain as our departure breakfast tradition.Overall-Good Pull
2	Short Sum: Inexpensive and overrated desserts. Small location with a long wait. No.Pros: - Clean and pretty.Cons: - Desserts were not worth it. $10 Ice Cream dish with 2 chocolate dipped strawberries? Not worth it. - Frozen hot chocolate for more than $10? Not worth it either.- I don't know why it felt really cramped. - Long wait.Go Back?- This review is solely on the desserts. I'll come back to try their food and maybe adjust my rating.
1	If you think this place is good you should try Sonic Burger.  Better food and better service there!!!What's the hype about?
5	I didn't have the frozen hot chocolate...but the red velvet cake a la mode was delicious!
4	Known from the movie, "Serendipity," this place is worth going if you're with a counterpart.  Went here to get their delicious choco-holic drinks and it was good! I mean, it didn't cause a nuclear reaction in my brain, but it did satisfy my choco-loving palate.  Service is so-so considering that this is located in Las Vegas.  Choco-lovers, go here for the experience and taste, otherwise you must decide upon your own personal judgment.Ambiance: 4Flavor: 4.5Presentation: 4.5Service: 4Price: 4Grade: 4.2
3	I was disappointed when we went here. I thought it was overpriced and nothing special.
4	This is a fun place to do (1) time. If you have a birthday or any celebration this is a GREAT place to go just for desert. They have this crazy treasure chest that would probably feed like 25 people or more. Its a very clever and fun menu. The frozen hot chocolate is kind of a signature item for them, its good, but you need a person to help you with it. Get a coupon from one of the Harrah's hotel chains ( Rio, Quad, Caesars, Flamingo, Harrah's, Paris, Bally's ) when you check in go over there and you can get a free frozen hot chocolate with purchase of a meal. The food is above average and a bit on the pricey side ( even for Vegas ) Fun to do at least one time.
4	The portions are HUGE!Came here for breakfast and the omelets are ginormous! They were very filling and tasty as well! I might just share one next time. The Frozen Hot Chocolate was good as well, but pretty overpriced. I believe there was a coupon in the booklet they gave us when we checked in at Planet Hollywood, but we didnt see it until after we left.
4	We walk right in and after a 15min wait we were seated. Our server,  Izzy, was great! He helped us choose our food and had a very funny personality. My friend kept dropping her fork so when I told him "sorry we can't take her anywhere, she keeps dropping her fork" after the second time. He said, "Well that's too bad because I don't give a fork," came back with a hand full of forks, drop them on the table causing us all to laugh hysterically! We are a very sarcastic group and he went right along for the ride. Giving as good as he was getting from us.   His food suggestions were spot on and delicious. He suggested the steak and egg sandwich on garlic bread, we all split. The steak was tender, the eggs cooked perfect, the garlic roll it was server on was nice and crusty, and who can say more about bacon! Saw the hotdog and just had to have one. He warned me it was a foot long which made laugh because of the suggestive nature of a foot long weiner. So I changed my order to the chili dog, realizing, laughing at myself, as it came out that it too  was a foot long! The French fries were great, the kind that stay crispy forever. The prices were high, but the portions were huge. So it kind of evens out. Just sad that I don't have a triple stomach so we could have the ice cream they are famous for. So next visit we will just go for the ice cream!  And Izzy of course!
3	The food here is very tasty but the wait is so long and it is expensive. It's definitely worth going one time, but plan to book your reservation the day before or else you will wait well over 1 hour for a table!
3	Went here on a whim during my stay in Vegas. Even though I grew up in NY, I have never been to the one in NY. (After reading the Yelp reviews on that location, I'm pretty glad I went here instead.) It's a whimsy place, I can definitely see the appeal. The interior is decorated with fun, artsy looking wallpaper. And of course there is the window display of the shirts, toys and signature frozen hot chocolate powder you can purchase to bring home with you.As for the food, the portions are huge, as well as the desserts. We mistakenly ordered the frozen hot chocolate first. I say mistakenly because it's quite large and we got pretty full from that! I recommend ordering it as dessert after your food. The food was standard, it didn't blow my socks off but it was tasty and did the job. The servers are pretty friendly and came over often to check up on us even when it was busy. Overall, I would definitely come back for the desserts. Be warned, you can probably share a dessert between two or three people. They are that big.
4	Came for dessert late at night and got the Frozen Hot Chocolate and the Creme de la creme cheese cake. Geez, that cake is huge, it's like for 4 people or something, we took most of it in a box and it was our breakfast for 2 more days (it's Vegas, so yes, breakfast!). The Reeses Peanut butter and chocolate drink I had was great but a little too sweet for me, but what an I say, I enjoyed it! Service is great, the place looks a little ran down, probably because so many people come through here all the time and it's always crowded and loud.
4	Good for breakfast the breakfast quesadilla and the breakfast crescent-wich was really good. and the orange juice is fresh squeezed yum.
3	I visited Serendipity twice while out in Vegas.  The first time was just for breakfast.  My friend and I each ordered the "Lucky 7's" for breakfast.  You get alot of food with it (pancakes, sausage, eggs and potatoes), but there was nothing special about the taste.  All good, especially after a night out.  It was just a good solid breakfast.  Later that night we went back for dessert and ordered the Frozen Hot Chocolate (with vanilla vodka).  It was a pretty tasty dessert, and also fairly large.  So either share with a friend or have plenty of room in your stomach.
5	This place is amazing...I ordered the steak sandwich. My wife ordered a burger.  Both dishes were up to par. My steak sandwich was huge, i couldn't finish it. It was EDC weekend when we went so they were extremely busy and the food took a little longer but that was expected.  The server was full of personality and fun, a trait of the restaurant.Only issue i had there was they only had outside seating and it was a very hot day.  We were at the patio right by the main strip and i gotta say i was uncomfortable from the heat.  The fans dont blow to that part of the patio so keep that in mind.I would recommend this place to my friends
1	Save yourself the terrible service, overpriced food, and awful experience, and go somewhere else. Definitely not worth it, especially if there is a wait. After waiting nearly an hour to get our food after we placed our order, our food came out. I would have been willing to give this place 2 or 3 stars if the food was at least half decent, but it wasn't. Our burgers were extremely dry, the chicken satay wraps were tasteless and cold, and my sister's fries were dry and stale. I was hoping that after the long wait, at least our food would be good, but it seemed like it had just been sitting out forever. Frozen Hot Chocolate: My best advice would be to skip their frozen hot chocolate and instead, go to Godiva and get their frozen Dark Chocolate Decadence shake. It tastes better and costs less than half the price. We got the frozen hot chocolate to go because we wanted to get out of the place. The frozen hot chocolate is good, but definitely not worth $11. Each of us took a few sips and that was all we needed before throwing it away. And trust me, it was not because we were full. This was the closest I have ever come to walking out of a restaurant. Our server, Robert or something like that, was probably one of the worst servers I have ever had. My entire family works or has worked in the restaurant/service industry so we usually give servers the benefit of the doubt, but this guy was unacceptable even to our standards. He gave us a bunch of attitude and was not attentive at all. At one point, it was taking so long for our food to come out that my mom asked him to cancel our order. But he told us, "Oh, but it's right there, I can see it". I had a direct view of the kitchen and there was nothing on the counter... but we decided to be nice and say ok. Fast forward 15 minutes later... still no food. He intentionally avoided our table during that entire time and was not apologetic at all. I think he may have said sorry once but it was the least genuine and most condescending "sorry" I have ever heard. To end on a happy note, the decor is really cute. Reminds me of an old school ice cream shop.
3	Was excited to dine here because I missed the opportunity to visit the NY spot. Arrived at 9:30 pm and asked for a patio table, which we waited about 15 min for. Noticed there were many open tables and numerous servers working the patio . . . After we were seated, we waited almost 15 minutes to be greeted / acknowledged, We noticed that the two tables that were sat after us already had drinks and their order being taken.  When our server arrived his first words spoken " Are you ready to order?" Huh? I said to myself and the confused look on my friend's face she expressed. My friend ordered the Cotton Candy Martini and his reply was "That's gonna be a very sweet drink and I got the impression that he really didn't want to serve this drink, but she said yes she would like this drink and noticed a reluctant expression on his face. When receiving our drinks, you could tell this "presentation" drink wasn't high on his list.  While he shook this drink, some sprayed on us and he did a poor pour over the cotton candy.  Cut to the food - very good Chicken Lettuce Wraps and Crab Cake Sandwich. The wraps were very moist and flavorful, the crab cake had very little filler and so much crab - 5 stars for food and  her drink. But back to the service, while we were dining,  he was doing his side work, refilling salt and pepper shakers without excusing himself as he reached over us. And even though we were not quite down dining he tried to clear our plates - twice! Wanted to order dessert, but why bother him, he was at the railing gazing at The Strip. I'm kinda sorry we left a 10% tip, should of left 5%.
4	Of Course we came here to see what all the hype is about. Now I'll start with the fact that their food is yummy...our server was VERY attentive, and the scenery (being on the strip) was a fun experience overall.My husband got the steak sandwich and I got the burger. Both were really. We got an order for cheese fries as an appetizer & a soda each.The only reason I'm knocking one star off is because it is very pricey.Lunch for my husband and I cost us $70+ .. eeek...Glad I experienced it, but probably wont come back unless its for dessert !
1	Awful experience! We were seated after about a 30 minute wait only to wait another 20 minutes at our table without anyone acknowledging us. No drinks. No hello. We got tired of waiting and left.
3	Everything looks tasty. Lines long but that's usually a good sign...serving size was smaller than expected I shared with my hubby. It was decent, nothing to brag about...had an iced hot chocolate
4	Had the famous "Frozen Hot Chocolate!" It was very yummy!  Great place for families. 45 min. wait for a party of 10 on a Saturday afternoon, and sat us at two different tables.  It was well worth the wait!  I'd come back to try all the other yummy items on the menu.
2	Sat immediately upon arriving, which is nice, but it took a good 10 minutes before someone even came over and once the waiter did come over, it seemed like he was over serving people. Lack luster attitude with a side of sarcasm to put it lightly. If your waiters are overwhelmed and need a few minutes to catch up, I would MUCH RATHER wait for a table an extra 10 minutes than to be sitting a table waiting for someone to acknowledge me for 10 minutes. Food - way over priced. I know their "sliders" (appetizer) are expected to be small, but DAMN! They were literally the size of the ramekin that came with them filled with ketchup. And for 12$? C'mon now...But the kids ate them and the only good part of that dish was the bacon aoili, yum! Fries were crunchy and good. The only enjoyable part of the whole meal was the frozen hot chocolate and I wouldn't mind paying $15 for the two serving if it wasn't more than half whipped cream on top. Yeah it looks pretty, but way to rip off your customers. Once in a while, OKAY.. but I mean once in a blue moon because the walks ridiculously far unless you're already walking the strip and it's really only enjoyable for dessert. I'd suggest ordering at a takeout window right out front of the restaurant and seat yourself. Save yourself the hassle.
3	My main reason for going to Serendipity 3 is to indulge in one of their famous frozen hot chocolates. That alone is worth four stars. The reason I didn't give the restaurant four stars is because the wait is sooooooo long. Do I love frozen hot chocolate? Yes. Am I willing to wait one hour plus to sit at a dirty table to enjoy one? No. I can make frozen hot chocolate at home. The times I've eaten here, the food has been good. I particularly remember some ribs with a mustard sauce that I really enjoyed. However, the food doesn't make up for the wait or dirty tables, which I end up at every time I'm there. Also, no matter how much I enjoy my visits to Serendipity, I never crave it. Every time I've gone there, I sort of ended up there accidentally.
3	The kids loved the food and desserts! Though just a simple and plain side dish, the super thinly sliced apples were a hit with the youngens just by presentation alone. The mini cheeseburgers and mac&cheese were outrageously priced, but if my kids can scarf 'em plates clean, then the prices justify themselves. I had the tasty beef ribs and ahi tuna salad. I am not ashamed to say that I, too, polished off my plate clean. Their vast menu makes ordering quite a task as you want to try everything. One cannot come here without trying the frozen hot chocolate. I have always associated Serendipity with frozen hot chocolates, but their other desserts are worthy of experiencing, too.The only thing(s) I did not quite enjoy which most will think I am absolutely crazy are the fans blowing in the outside seating area. I chose to sit outside because the AC was on full blast inside and it was uncomfortably too cold for me, yet it was just as cold outside with the fan blowing a cool mist across the dining area. Though the fans provided a cooling sensation to most, I was frozen in my chair in the middle of the dessert heat.
1	This place SUCKS! We live in Las Vegas and used to go there a few times a year to celebrate special occasions. We were their on Valentines day and is was terrible. Well we decided to give them one more chance yesterday and it still SUCKS. From the waiter being unorganized, to waiting 20 minutes for your drinks, to getting dirty dishes, yes dirty side plates (which we had to ask for) and to service that is below par. I am not sure what happened to this place but something has to change.I remember this place being busy well not anymore it was a Friday night and it was pretty dead. I am disappointed with this place and sadly we will not be coming back.
4	Came here with my mom for brunch today at around 12:30, was told it would be around a 20 minute wait. They sent me the ready text in around 10-15 minutes. The menu was big, lots of yummy sounding items so it took me a while to decide what I wanted.I ended up ordering the lucky 7's: 2 pancakes, 2 sausage links, 3 eggs any style, & breakfast potatoes. DELICIOUS. Their breakfast puts places like IHOP & Denny's to shame. I couldn't even finish half of it because it was so much food. The potatoes were delicious but they could have gone a little easier on the salt. My mom got the fruit bowl: plain yogurt & granola in a coconut & raspberries, blackberries, blueberries, & a few slices of apple. We both agreed there could have been a little more fruit for the price we paid. We also wished there were more options for the flavor of yogurt & not just plain. Nonetheless, it was tasty & good when you just want something light.To drink we shared the famous frozen hot chocolate. There's an option to get the size for 2 but honestly we were fine sharing the regular size, we ended up not even finishing it. It was delicious though & I can definitely see why it's so famous. Service was great: waitress was attentive & kind. I would love to come back to this place soon & try many of the other items on their menu! Maybe even the $88 dessert (;
2	All I had was a sandwich and a pretzel from here. Seems they could've done better on all of it. They have people working there that don't seem to care what they serve of how it's prepared. Really ad for a place right on the strip :(
1	Paid $15 for a signature ice cream and it was melted before I even received it. Waiter said it was due to the humidity but really that's no excuse since its Vegas. Not worth your money.
3	always a huge wait. the food is ok
1	Worst breakfast ever!went over Monday morning for a breakfast with some friends. Over priced omlets/salads, took the food about 45 min. to come out, and tasted like airplane food... the best part of my breakfast was the toasted bread!
4	This review is solely on the Oreo frozen hot chocolate. Omgoodness it was seriously love at first sip! I literally said omg and wow afterwards! The taste was nothing like I have had before, it was so creamy and smooth. It is definitely the best milkshake I have ever had, not too thick nor liquidy. The whip cream on top was delicious! I am a sweets person and was thoroughly impressed. At $11, it is quite expensive for a milkshake but it was honestly worth every single penny (and calorie) :D
3	This place is just okay. I went with a group for brunch on our last day in Vegas. We got the frozen hot chocolate, not quite ice cream, not quite a melted shake--it was sweet and cold. That's pretty much all there is to it. The portions are generous. The food is good in that Cheesecake Factory- bland palate way. The quiche was the best thing I tried. It was buried under a mountain of salad with a tasty vinaigrette dressing. The nachos looked good, but the cheese didn't stay gooey for very long, and then it just felt gummy on top of my oversized chips. My friend had bagel and lox and it came as a triple decker sandwich. Nothing really stood out about our brunch, so I'm not too eager to come back again.
2	AYFKM?If you're ready to wait, and wait, and wait to be seated and then wait, and wait, and wait to be served. And then get a below expectations food, this is your place.Service was kind but the wait is not worth it.Food was uneventful. Enough said.
3	Nothing really stood out to me, not even their famous frozen hot chocolate. We got there around 1 and only had to wait 20 minutes. Not too bad considering it was a Saturday and all. I didn't see much variety for food on the menu so just opted for an omelette. It came with a few pieces of potatoes...Anyway, the omelette was not good at all. It had no flavor, it was bland, and was just underwhelming. I guess it's not really their fault though, 'cause who goes to Serendipity 3 for food? Onto the frozen hot chocolate. IT WAS SO SWEET. Some people like that but for me, it was like drinking corn syrup by the gallon. I mean, it did satisfy my chocolate craving but only for the first three sips. They had other flavors like mint, strawberry, etc so if you wanted to try that, you could. Even though I'm not much of a fan, you should still stop by and experience it for yourself :)
3	Been here quite a few times, honestly imo a little overpriced for ok dessert! ive had better
4	Great tomato soup and frozen hot cocoa
4	yum... delish. expect a wait cause its crowded but they certainly do make sure their customers are satisfied.
3	the waiting here for a table is awful- The music is way too loud, the waiter is yelling at you so you can hear him. The food is okay, not the best- the portions are huge. I had a burger and it was good, nothing spectacular. My hubby had the Las Vegas Strip Steak Sandwich-- it came on a garlic buttered baguette, strip steak, bacon and fried eggs on top of it. I had a small bite and it tasted very salty. The dessert was the best part of the meal! We had a sundae with cookies- heavenly!
2	Lets keep this review simple and short.I had a party of 4, we walked in saw a bunch of workers who i assume were hostesses and waitresses walking to and from the hostess podium but no one  acknowledge us for atleast 10 minutes. Strange, because the restaurant did not seem that busy. Anyways, the hostess finally got our names down and said it was a 15 minute wait but it actually was only like 2. Thank god. I ordered the 25 dollar deal. You got to pick any burger you wanted and then you got a frozen hot chocolate as well. I ordered the Portobello mushroom burger (17$) which was not bad, but it wasn't mind blowing either. The presentation was cute though.  I then received my (full sized)  frozen hot chocolate . I have been wanting to try this thing for SOOOO long and i had high hopes, but it really was extremely dissapointing =/ It was more like a melted milkshake. I feel like you would be better off ordering room service.
4	What do I do after arriving in Vegas from a four year exile? Go to Serendipity 3! Hearing raves and viewing countless photos of frozen hot "insert your flavor here", I just had to see what the hype was all about. For a very hot day the lines were very short. I was already on a quest for the frozen hot beverages, but wanted to see if I can sample anything else. After gazing at the big menu for a couple minutes, my mind was already made up before I looked at the menu.Since I was in the city of sin, I ended up ordering two frozen hot drinks. One frozen hot chocolate and one peanut butter frozen hot chocolate. Both drinks were both smooth and creamy, especially the peanut butter one. The miniature ice chunks in the drinks gave the drink a iced coffee feeling. The drinks were both topped with whipped cream, but had their identifying flavors in the cup. The frozen hot chocolate was topped with chocolate chips. And the peanut butter frozen hot chocolate had peanut butter at the bottom of the cup.I would say that these drinks are a pretty pricey, but hey I was in Vegas! At least this was a better investment than the slots or tables. That's another story.
1	Looks like Sandra C and Jay G experienced the same horrible service as we did.  Sunday around 9am.  They were not that busy but had severabl people waiting outside and empty tables inside.  The check in person asked for a cell phone to text us when the table was ready, yet called out names for others.  People that came after us were seated before us since we did not have our cell phone in hand to know they text us and called names for others. When we were going to be seated outside and asked if we could take one of the EMPTY tables under the umbrella, we were told they were not being waited on.  We asked for an EMPTY table in the corner that was BETWEEN 2 tables that had patrons at (would assume the waitress that was serving those tables could serve the EMPTY table) but were told we would have to wait 5 minutes before they could assing a waitress to our table.  We asked if we could wait while sitting at the EMPTY table.  That bothered the hostess but she allowed us to sit there.  And...YES... we waited... longer than 5 minutes as waitresses passed up our table to wait on the tables around us.  After ordering, the coffee took forever to come--- in paper cups because they ran out of actual coffee cups...with a LESS than packed house....guess that means if they are full at breakfast time...EXPECT TO GET YOUR COFFEE IN PAPER CUPS. The food was delivered...3 of the 4 of us had food.  I tasted my food while we waited...it was COLD.  The food would have been good if it has at least been warm.Customer service of check in and seating, service at the table, food prep and delivery all need attention.
5	I was not able to try their ice cream sunday! :( What a shame!I went here with my husband and my friend. We ordered pasta and burger.My advice is, ask the waiter how big your order is. We ordered one of each and was too much for one person. We ended up asking for a to go box.Very good food and ncie atmosphere.. People were just happy spending time with each other, taking pictures and eating delicious foods and deserts.. :)Would definitely come back for a sunday!! For sure!!
5	gimme all the peanut butter frozen hot chocolates!!! so good and so so so cute!
3	Came in specifically for the frozen hot chocolate.  Got the small, and it was enough to share with two people.  It was tasty, but I wasn't blown away like some people.  We had good service, as it wasn't crowded mid-day.  I'd go back to try a different flavor of the frozen hot chocolate, as it was really rich and chocolaty.  I'm more of a vanilla person!
1	Waited a long time for the food...6 people dining..half of the orders were incorrect. Wait staff rushed and unorganized. Food was mediocre...rate this one a "must miss"
2	Very disappointed with Serendipity 3! The worst service ever! The wait was over 30 minutes for a table which I could understand but why wait another 30+ minutes to receive your food?! I'm sorry but that is not acceptable. I give this place 2 stars only because the waffles we ordered tasted good.  But it could have been because they starved us to death waiting for our food.  At any rate, I would not return here.  The server even gave us an attitude because we made a mistake on how we were splitting our bill within our group.  I don't understand what all hype is about this place.
2	So I really just wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate... wanted to check out what the hype was about.  Geez maybe I'm unfairly reviewing this place since it is now considered a chain & I'm not a huge fan of "chains".  I was so not impressed WHAT SO EVER.  Our waitress was nice but slow.  The food was not good.  Not good is an understatement.  My Flintstone size ribs were dry and lacked any flavor of BBQ sauce.  I had to ask for an additional side and that wasn't good either.  I would have preferred Heinz in a cup.  I barely touched anything, but the cole slaw.  The beef in the sliders were overcooked and dry.  The frozen hot chocolate was enormous.  I took one sip but that's about all I could tolerate.  No restroom in the restaurant.  You have to walk outside and down a ways to the left under the stairs where you will find restrooms that are equivalent to a rest stop bathroom.Positive:  Cool menu and cool space.  Fortunately, our timing was perfect and we didn't have to wait too long for a seat.
2	I was pretty underwhelmed with Serendipity 3. On a recent trip to Las Vegas, the group of girls that I was with was trying to decide on a place to have dinner. One of the girls recommended Serendipity, and being that we were all somewhat drunk and hungry, we agreed. Well, we showed up and since the weather was nice outside we elected to sit out on the patio that is right next to 'The Strip' and had a great view of all the lights and passer-bys. Unfortunately, the allure of sitting on the patio stopped at the view. To start, it was almost as if they put us out on the patio and proceeded to completely forget that they put us there. When we were seated we were told that someone would be by shortly to take our drink orders... I guess they didn't know how thirsty we were and what a buzz kill they were being, because our waiter didn't come by for about 15 minutes. Aside from my gripe about the slow service on the patio is the fact that about a half hour into dinner there was literally, and I kid you not, a wind storm that erupted. So bad in fact, that one of our friends who had a 7 p.m. flight into Vegas had her flight grounded and delayed until the following morning due to wind. So, as silverware was blowing off of tables and napkins went flying, we tried to flag down our waiter to be moved inside. The response that we received was; "If you want to move inside then you are going to have to put your name on the waiting list and wait for a table to open inside. The current wait is an hour." Ummm... what?! We had drinks in hand and appetizers on the table and you're telling me that we would have to put our name on the waiting list? You are SO accommodating! Thank you! (Those last two statements were completely laced with sarcasm.)I guess I should talk about the food now. Oh, and for those of you wondering: we stayed out on the patio throughout our whole meal... good times. Anyways... for dinner I started with a caesar salad and then ordered buffalo chicken strips for dinner. The salad was fine; How could you screw up caesar salad? The buffalo chicken strips were ok. They weren't crispy and steaming hot like I wanted, but at least it was sustenance. When the chicken strips arrived it looked as if they had sat on the counter waiting to get run to our table for a few minutes too long. The sauce had gotten cold and had pulled off some of the crispy breading. However, give a girl some ranch dressing and blue cheese and she can make anything taste decent.
4	I love this place. Big portions. Cool atmosphere.
4	While I am not a big fan of the frozen hot chocolate (think glorified Frappuccino), the sundaes here are delish, as is the ridiculously overstuffed grilled cheese. Definitely recommend sharing both of these (or anything here, really), as you will be lucky not to keel over of a heart attack on the spot even eating half of each.
4	Just landed in Vegas looking for some breakfast, decided to hit Serendipity 3 from one of the group members' suggestions.  I ordered the french toast log...whoa!  It was huge!  But it was actually quite light because the bread is a brioche.  I was going to skip on the whipped cream, but the berries were so sweet and the fresh whipped cream went so well with it, how could I not eat everything!  Great breakfast selection!
1	They close 15 minutes early and will ignore you knocking on the door. We rushed from the fashion show end of the strip to serendipity (a 20 minute walk) and got to the restaurant with 15 minutes to close and thought for sure we would be able to at least grab a to-go frozen hot chocolate but they had shut and locked all windows and doors and the guy cleaning literally ignored my husband knocking on the window 2 feet in front of his face! Horrible service!!!! Places that are so flippant to customers don't deserve to stay in business.
2	2 stars for frozen hot chocolate... yummmWaiting time to be seated 30 minsWater to be delivered at your table 15 minsAnother 15 mins wait to take your orders41 minutes wait for the food :( Food was so-so, not bad, not that good either.I only want the frozen hot choco, so I'll just order at the window next time.
1	Food is ok.Worst servers ever.
4	Came here on a good day. Sat outside the patio. It wasn't crowded, we were attended to right away and the wait for the food wasn't so bad. 15min wait maybe?Girls will love the place. The menu, setting and the food had a very..um..girly feeling. Got the frozen hot chocolate - so good, we couldn't finish it. The entrees were a good portion. Prices were affordable.
4	I came to Serendipity 3 last year with family and friends. We went inside, it was PACKED!!! I order some food. Love the Milk Shakes, Hot Dog that's about the length of my arm, and I didn't have the chance to try the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE. Serendipity serves BIG CAKES TOO!! Man, I should come here next time.
1	I've eaten here before and loved it - but this trip I'm severely disappointed. Last night my friend and I came for dinner. I ordered the fettuchini Alfredo, it was bland and tasted like plain pasta. But because this USED to be my fav place, I figure I'd try again today for lunch. We were sat at 1:50pm - brunch is served until 2pm. I wanted the orchard salad, which is not on the brunch menu but I figured since our server was taking our order at 1:53... The seven minutes wouldn't be a big deal. Apparently it was. She said she'd have to come back to take our order since brunch was still being served.... For SEVEN  more minutes. Ridiculous. Two bad visits in a row means they won't be getting my business for their overpriced food anymore.
3	There is a lot of hype about their famous "Frozen Hot Chocolate." I ordered one because I just had to see what everyone was raving about. For about $12 after tax, I got a Starbucks grande-sized drink that appeared to be Frozen Hot Chocolate. When I took the first sip, I thought, kind of watery but it was not bad. My friends got the original and mint ones which were a lot thicker in  consistency and stronger in taste. I liked the mint one personally because it had little bits of mint that tasted like Andes mints. What makes these drinks different was the consistency of the drink, it had a more creamy taste rather than a Starbucks Frappuchino. I think the original was a little bit too sweet for my personal tastebuds. I think this drink is made for two people because it comes with two straws in each drink. One person can easily down the thing though. I do not think I would buy another one because it is kind of expensive for what it really is. A creamier chocolate milkshake.
4	Fun place, good food & huge portions!
4	I really enjoyed our time at Serendipity.  It's mostly a dessert place though they have a large menu which includes food.  We went after dark and sat on their patio.  It was heated and had a wonderful fountain view and was positioned for people watching as it opens to the strip.  We really enjoyed our coffee and we purchased cute little gifts for our family back home like frozen hot chocolate mix.  The service was fantastic and we enjoyed hearing stories about people who have ordered their $1000 ice cream! Also, the prices are reasonable!  I know it's hard to believe and perhaps a little funny to say after mentioning that they have a $1000 ice cream but our coffees were only $8 and the chocolate mix was also $8 = a rarity in Las Vegas.
2	i only came to try the frozen hot chocolate.  it's pretty pricey and if it was really good, i wouldn't mind paying $$$, but it was okay.  i don't feel that it's worth the price. more hype than anything.  maybe i have to try it again when i'm not pregnant, but right now it's just one of those things i don't look forward to but can say i've tried.  i'll give it another chance and update this review post partum :P
2	EH, for all the waiting, and all the heat, and all the hype, and all the expense....this really wasn't all it was cracked up to be. Honestly? The Frozen Hot Chocolate just sounds cool. Go to Starbucks (or somewhere else that's cheaper) and get a Frappaccino for half the price and half the wait. In my opinion, this place is WAAAAYYYY overrated.
2	The best thing here is the Frozen Hot Chocolate (a 4 star). Desserts are the same price or more then entrees. If you're not coming here for their famous Frozen Hot Chocolate, you can get their food or desserts any where else.
3	Never having been to NY, the only way we knew about the original Serendipity's was the movie of the same name starring John Cusak a few years back.  So finding #3 in Las Vegas we had to give it a try.We both went for their original claim it fame, the Frozen Hot Chocolate.  Quite good, but not quite what I expected.  It's served in a sundae-type bowl topped with whipped cream, but is actually of milk shake-like consistency - I drank mine through a straw.  Tasty, but I would have preferred it to be served in a traditional shake glass.They have many other flavors of the frozen hot chocolate and a large menu of  food.  Strip prices: burgers are $16.  Long lines are typical, but you can order at the outside window if you don't need a table (and since the inside decor is strictly ice cream parlor standard, you wouldn't be missing much.
4	Yes, Serendipity is a little gimmicky, but I LOVE creative breakfast food and I love going out for breakfast when I am on vacation! I went to Serendipity twice in one trip so, that says something. My initial visit was to meet fellow Yelper, Michael U. We ordered the strawberry balsamic waffle and the hot chocolate french toast. Then, we complete the meal with carrot cake! Of the three, my favorite was the strawberry balsamic waffle. The waffles were fresh, tender, and had some good malt flavor that I love. The balsamic syrup was a prefect compliment to the fresh berries and cream. It required no additional syrup, which should tell you it was REALLY good because I usually drown everything in syrup at breakfast.The hot chocolate french toast had potential, but the bread was cut SO thick that the custard was unable to penetrate the entire slice of bread leaving a very dry piece of stale hot chocolate bread. Not ideal, however, about 1/3 of the dish was very good.The carrot cake was pretty standard in my book. Very dense, lots of gooey cream cheese icing, served cold, sundae style with vanilla ice cream and whipped cream. A solid carrot cake!My next visit was two mornings later with my boyfriend, who missed the breakfast with Michael U. due to the previous night's outing. He ordered the huevos rancheros and I had the sinners and saints french toast. The huevos rancheros were Napolian stack style and just OK. A little greasy from the chorizo with a basic green sauce. The Saints and sinner french toast was nothing like I'd imagined and was so good! One side is savory with an over easy egg and bacon, the other side is sweet with berries and whipped cream served with supper crispy 'breakfast potatoes'. I enjoyed both sides of this super moist, buttery french toast with syrup and ate as much as I could leaving the untopped middle for the birds (figuratively).Service both times was efficient, but not memorable. The staff doesn't seem to be overly passionate about service. However, it sufficed, and both times we didn't have to wait for a seat and only had to wait for refills on one occasion during each sitting. I've had worse service for sure. Prices are on par with other restaurants in the area. Think: resort pricing. I'd rank Serendipity with Hash House for a very good breakfast on the strip, but not even close to ranking near the Griddle Cafe (LA) or Skillet RUF (Cbus).
1	Food tasted bland.bill came out 112.56.... WTF?customer services was by far the worst.... tip them 10 bucks and left.
2	I think the food is pretty mediocre, more for the experience and frozen hot chocolate. The regular is always great. Tried the green tea one this last time I went and it was pretty delicious. I think I'll just stick with the serendipity cafe outside to get my drink next time
5	My friends have always talked about the frozen hot chocoloate at Serendipity in Vegas, but I'm not much of a sweets person so always just thought "meh." However, while in vegas the past couple of visits, my sweet tooth kicked in and I decided to see what the hype was aboutNormally it gets packed late night and the hostess will get your # down on an ipad which will text you when your table is ready. You can always to-go your stuff at the window next door, but my friends have told me the frozen hot chocolate tastes better ordering it in the restaurant.Everything seems to be in big portions here & the HUGE menu (literally) is cute.Frozen hot chocolate for 2 - For my first visit my bf & I shared this. It was DELICIOUS! I was really mind blown that it wasn't overly sweet. The drink does is supposed to be 17 oz when you order the "for 2 size" the for 1 is 10 oz. I think it's cheaper to order frozen hot choco for 1 b/c the rest of the 5 oz in the for 2 seemed like it was just extra whipped cream. I love the chocolate shavings topped on the drink. It's fun to scoop and sip at the same time. Definite must try! Hard to describe the consistency, but it's icy and not too thick (for those that think it's a milkshake)Hangover omelette - This is the perfect omelette that sounds delicious when you have a hangover so the name suits the food. Bacon, fries, mushrooms, and cheese inside an omelette yumm. My friend ordered this and it looked really good, I took a bite and it was a great combo of all the ingredients.Crab Cake Sandwich - I got this protein style. The nice crab cakes are wrapped in soft butter lettuce. I liked the crab cakes, it wasn't too oily and stuffed with a good amount of crab.The beefsteak tomatoes, bacon, and spinach accompanied the sandwich well. Mint frozen hot chocolate - On my recent vegas trip 10/18/13, we decided to order this 'cause I'm a big mint chip ice cream fan. My bf & I agreed this was a lot better than their original frozen hot chocolate and usually he's not a big fan of mint chip. Basically it's their original frozen hot chocolate, but they blend it w/ a scoop of mint ice cream! I guess it sort of tasted like the Andes mint candyMake sure you get a total rewards card at one of the casinos (Caesar, PH) so that you can get the total rewards discount pricing on the food & Points! A lot of the reviews here say the service isn't good, but we've always had great friendly service the past couple times we've been here. Food comes out pretty quick. One day I hope I hit the jackpot to try the Golden Opulence Sundae here ($1000 sundae!?)BTW if it's your first time I suggest you check around what other tables are ordering to see what you'd like. I saw a couple of tables get the can't say no sundae and other sundaes that looked sooo good!!! Will be back to try their other menu items. I swear you can get fat just looking with your eyes
4	I'd go just for the frozen hot chocolate. I got the Monty Carlo sandwich and it was pretty good but nothing to write home about. My friend is a local and she always gets the three cheese grilled cheese with tomato bisque and it was amazing. I'd recommend that if anything
4	3 stars for food 4 stars for ice cream baby! The servings here are awesome. I can eat this stuff fur every meal of the day. Ice cream that is. I could look elsewhere for better food.
5	Whenever I visit Vegas I make it a point to come and eat here even if it's just for their infamous FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE. I've been here 4x already on 4 different Vegas trips and I've also been to the original restaurant in New York City last year.What I've ordered and loved:1.) The regular frozen hot chocolate--I can literally eat one to myself2.) Cedar plant salmon with asparagus (really really recommend this for Salmon lovers like me)3.) Central Park Omelet (Egg whites with spinach, avocado and Swiss cheese)4.) The tasty BLT ( My boyfriend loved this)5.) Crab cake sandwich
3	Items selected:CoffeeFrozen Hot Chocolate French Toast - Chocolate French Toast, Triple Stacked with Strawberries, Topped with Pistachio Nuts, Chocolate Sauce & Whipped CreamBalsamic Strawberry Cream Waffles - Freshly Sliced Strawberries, Macerated in Balsamic Glaze & Cream, Sandwiched between 2 Jumbo Waffles, topped with Fresh Strawberries & Drizzled in ChocolateCarrot Cake Sundae - "I Thought I Saw a Wabbit" Vanilla & Butter Pecan Ice Cream, Heavenly Carrot Cake, Maple Walnut & White Chocolate Fudge,Topped with Whipped CreamNever particularly interested in spending a New York meal on Serendipity 3 and always assuming the restaurant would function better with a group given the size of the portions I found myself awaiting a friend from Columbus at the Caesar's Palace hot spot during my favorite Vegas time - early Sunday morning when the only people on the strip are those just wandering home from Saturday night or those cleaning up after them.  Quiet in a good way with cheesy 80's music playing overhead and as much kitsch and scripted-happy service as I'd expected it would be mere seconds after I was seated that coffee was filled and with both my friend and I favorite sweets to savories our decision was simple - both items arriving after numerous coffee refills in all their gluttonous glory.  Understanding that Serendipity is more about fun than fine dining it was really no surprise that the bottom slice of French Toast was somewhat dry due to a lack of whipped cream saturation and although decent certainly nothing I'd order again and yet what was surprising was the high quality of the Waffles - both golden and crunchy on the exterior with a soft, pliable inside and nicely balanced between sweet and savory by the balsamic strawberries and chocolate.  Satisfied but unwilling to leave Serendipity without sampling one of their signature sundaes the meal was capped with the carrot cake version, a substantial chunk of dense cake complete with cream cheese icing buried in ice cream, walnuts, fudge, and whipped cream that really had no chance of failing in the flavor department if you enjoy sweets, though perhaps a touch less 'subtle' than some like their breakfasts...or lunches...or dinners.
2	Came to Vegas for an all girls trip. My Bestie wanted to try their frozen hot chocolate. I have no idea what it was so i told her go ahead! the 5 of us shared 2 different ones (Original and Oreooo). it was 11 bucks each and the wait to order was over 20 minutes. When we tried it, it was very very very very very disappointing. I felt like it just tasted like a milk shake, but some milk shakes taste even better... i don't know what the big fuss about it was. I was excited too, because i love dessert, but they were overly sweet and not special at all.I am glad we split it and didn't decide to buy one on our own....I will not be back from any more frozen hot chocolate, maybe for something else.=]
3	The concept behind Serendipity 3 is appealing but the execution leaves much to be desired.1st, it is dirty-the floor was littered with food from previous patrons&the exterior restrooms are downright filthy. $12 foot-long hot dogs & $18 hamburgers are possibly worth 1/3 the $. Decor is 1-dimensional&looks like it was done on a shoestring budget.The best thing is the logo-would have bought a t-shirt if I didn't want to forget I'd ever been there.
5	This is definitely a place to go whenever you're in Vegas. Serendipity 3 is like other places that have embraced technology in their check-in process. The wait for a table is often super long, however they have a great way to notify you when your table is ready. The host takes down you're cell phone number on the store's iPad and you'll get a text when your table is ready. That gives you the flexibility to go around without having to hold one of those (now archaic) pagers.
3	I've been here a few times, but never for brunch until this past weekend. We had a big party (about 10). James was our server and was very patient while we all made out selections. I got the chicken and waffles and OH MY GOD they were amazing!! Now the only thing keeping me from giving  this place a 100%  positive review was the wait time on the food. There was a big party next to us that was sat much later than we were and they received their food about ten minutes or more before us. James apologized for the wait and proceeded to be very attentive, so we knew it wasn't his fault. At the end of the meal I asked for the manager so I could tell her how great James was even with the long wait for our food. She did not apologize for the long wait and said they don't usually get big parties at brunch time. Seriously?! It was a blonde lady. And as she was leaving our table she made the rudest face I've ever seen a manager make! She acted as if I had wasted her time. My whole table caught it and was completely dumbfounded by her rudeness. It was like she didn't even care! Lady find another profession, because being a manager at one of the most famous restaurants in Vegas isn't for you. So that's my rant for the day! Service was great, food was great. Manager was horrible!
2	I have heard so many good things about this place I had to try it. What a disappointment.Long lines. Expensive deserts. And the infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate was horrible. So not worth it. For 1/4 of the price, get a shake at In N Out instead. Way better.I do not get what the hype is all about. Not going back.
2	Been wanting to try this place forever and was so excited when we choose this place for lunch during our girls trip.. but as much as I wanted to love it, I found the entire experience disappointing. Even though we had reservations, there was still a bit of a wait. No biggie.. It's Vegas. However, our food took FOREVER. Other tables that came after us got their food and were gone before we got ours. After nearly an hour, we finally got our food. I ordered nachos and my cheese tasted like plastic- had obviously been sitting somewhere for a long time. My friend sent her omelet back because apparently her food was cold and plastic-like too. Since the food took so long, we decided to order the frozen hot chocolates as they served our food.. in case it was going to take another hour to bring out too. But of course, they brought those out right away instead. Not sure how they came out such a melted mess considering they came out so quickly, but we had to scoop the whipped cream back on to attempt a cute picture of them. So basically we had our cold entrees and melted frozen hot chocolates served all at once. For the $15 we spent on each frozen hot chocolate, I'd suggest for a similar experience- buying a Frosty from Wendy's, putting it in a pretty sundae dish, adding whipped cream and garnishing with shaved chocolate.
2	I also love coming here for the ambiance.  I have to say that this has the slowest food service, we waited an hour and 15 minutes for our food.  It was good but not worth the wait.
1	place sucks.... if you want to pay $20 for a small burger and fries then come here. way to expensive for  a simple burger.
4	I think this is the perfect place for a girls night out. It is pink and candy coated and has a great pictures ops. The deserts are pricey but HUGE. Like three of us could share a sundae. The service is a little slow but I imagine that is in part due to the crowds. Sit on the patio and people watch, it is fun!
2	Frozen Hot Chocolate is what they're famous for but the service is terrible.  1 star for the frozen hot chocolate, 1 star for the location and -3 stars for terrible, terrible service.
3	Overpriced? Yes.Delicious? Well.. It depends.I come here always wanting to sit down, but the wait time is always terribly long. Considered making reservations but its awfully hard to keep track of time in Vegas. But on the occasions that I do drop by, I've purchased things from the take-out window. Line takes 20 minutes more or less, pray to the desert gods that you're in the shade if it's the summer. I absolutely loved their double frozen hot chocolate, I loved it the first, second, and third time. The flavor and refreshing chills never disappoints. I decided to spice it up and get the green tea frozen hot chocolate, because, you know, we asian and we like our green tea. Boy was I wrong, it was like drinking a watered-down, non-fat, anorexic-slim milk, with matcha powder. It was literally a diet milk. I mean, I still drank it, I'm not going to throw an $11 beverage away. Let me repeat that - $11 for diet milk.
1	While the food was as phenomenal as my many previous visits, my personal rating is based on the service received this time around.  While I understand busy banks of people, I don't think it's acceptable to wait 30 minutes for an introduction/welcome and water service.  For the entire dining period, no water refills or follow-up once meals delivered.  I sure hope this is not a trend...
4	Pricey? Yes. Get what you pay for? Yes. While I think over $5 for any drink that's non-alcoholic is too much, I have to say the s'mores hot chocolate was worth paying for! It was awesome! We also got the humble pie. I'm pretty sure they used a whole jar of peanut butter in one slice! It was massive! It had to weigh 5 lbs! Make sure to bring people to share these great desserts with :-)
4	Love the concept of Frozen Hot Chocolate!! The children love them... The prices are crazy expensive that's my only complaint... But we still stop and have it whenever we are in town..
2	I've always heard good things about this place, but after finally having a chance to check it out myself i'd have to say it was just OK. Ordered the red velvet sundae. It came with a slice of red velvet cake and then it was a whole lot of chocolate after that! I didn't think it was possible for me to get sick of chocolate, but while eating this it happened haha. Also, it's pretty pricey for desserts. You'd have to have one ridiculous sweet tooth for this place.
2	We were sat an hour past our reservation.  Took over an hour to finally get our food( and with children, was just miserable) Most of our frozen hot chocolate was a watery mess. The server was impossible to get service from.. We heard good stuff about this place,  but I say, too much hype and very overpriced for what you are given!
4	Pink, orange, pink, orange!  I love the color theme here!!  Yes, it's kinda girly, but hunny came with me anyway & we had a great time! We came by for late night desserts & sat in the patio area.   It was perfect as we got to people watch over the Strip.  There are some crazy people out there. Oh ladies, you shouldn't wear heels to walk around the Strip.  Too many people are walking around in pain!We got the famous Frrrozen hot chocolate for 2 ($15).  That thing is huge!  And they know my style, lots of whipped cream!   :D  The famous drink is pretty good & chocolatey but wasn't blow my mind good.   I would like to try the other flavors (there are a few if 'em) eventually. Inside the restaurant,  they love Hello Kitty as much as me!  They had a bunch of HK items.  They also sell the Frrrozen hot chocolate mix to make at home!   ;)I really liked the ambiance in the patio,  but not so much in the restaurant. Oh, when you give your name to the host,  they take your cell phone & text you when your table is ready!   Love that! They offer traditional American food & have menus posted on the front of the restaurant.
2	Overrated and expensive with spotty service.
3	Plain and simple, over-rated.  Don't get me wrong, the desserts are good, but HARDLY wait 1-1/2 to 2-hour wait worth of good.  It's doggone ice cream, people.
4	I am a fan of this place, thus it gets a 4* - nice friendly staff, positive environment, big menu (size and content), and big portions.  Drinks are a little pricey but other than that good prices too.
3	Amazing grilled cheese!  Great place for the kids.  Frozen hot chocolate not as good as I hoped.  But overall good place.
4	Great frozen hot chocolate!!  Cute restaurant near the Bellagio.  Wait was a little long but worth it.
2	Party of 6! If you do not mind waiting 30-45 minutes to be seated and another 30-45minutes to get your food then this place is not bad. SERVICE Sucks!!! The food is good but nothing to really talk about other than my friends sphaghetti had a piece of plastic of some sort on his noodles. They took it back and another 30 minutes plus to get the replacement. Really? I must say they do shine on their desserts. Go have dinner elswhere and take the dessert to go!
3	Frozen hot chocolate?! That is all I heard when my friend mentioned some of the menu items at Serendipity 3. I was instantly intrigued and felt I had to stop in and try this little gem. The location is right on the strip. The ambiance is very bright. Orange and pink galore! It sort of has a diner feel but a little more upscale than the typical diner. The menu has a nice variety. First off is the frozen hot chocolates. They have a lot of different flavors. I got the chocolate peanut butter. My friend got the white chocolate. Both were delicious. Huge portions! The small one was plenty enough to share. It was super rich, pilled high with whipping cream and drizzled with peanut butter. Very sugary of course but still delicious. The main courses include pastas, pizzas, burgers, salads, and sandwiches. A nice spread of choices. I had the spaghetti and meatballs. The portion size was nice. The taste was just alright. Meatballs were a little dry and the sauce was okay but not too spectacular. The price was little high but everything on the strip seems to be pretty expensive so nothing different from other spots close by. I recommend the outside seating. It is great for people watching :)
4	Frozen Hot Chocolate is to die for!! You can never go wrong with this place. Make reservations ahead of time if you can, that cuts off the 45mins and so on wait! Our party waited for about 45 mins to be seated, but I thought it wasn't that bad since my girlfriend waited about 2 hours the last time she went. They get your cellphone number too and text you when you're table is ready. +1 star ! The only thing I don't like about this place is the wait for FOOD. It's a looooooooooooong loooooooooooooong wait!  - 1 starWe all ordered "The Hangover Omelette" ($15.00) and it was very satisfying. It has Bacon, Mushrooms, Cheese, and Fries inside. BOMB! Since I love BACON!! It also comes with either Breakfast potatoes on the side or their seasoned fries for Brunch. + 1 starAnd for the Finale, the reason of our visit... we had the Famous Original Frrozen Hot Chocolate. They come in two sizes. One for $11 and To share for $15. Heavenly!!!! It was so good and perfect for me since I got a sweet tooth! ;) They also offer a few more flavors of the Frozen Hot Chocolate.. and will definitely try when I come back. + 2 starsThe best $100 we spent on food! ;)
5	best ice cream sundaes, milkshakes- and food. so good
3	I've been wanting to try this place....so we gave it a try while I was in Vegas this time.I was disappointed with the service. The wait time was shorter than the time it took our waiter to take our order. The food was okay. We got the chicken strips and the potato stuffed with cheese. I wanted to try the desert but the service was so slow :(...Will give this place another try for the deserts.
4	The best frozen hot choclate which im sure you already know, they should divide into more lines than just a giant one wrapping around the place, and the bar should be a lot bigger. None the less the food is great and the drinks are strong. Gotta love it
4	This is such a great place for brunch/lunch, especially if you're hungover or just plain starving. The decor is cute, the atmosphere fun. I love creative brunch menus which don't just have the same stuff as every other brunch place-- this does require a lot of reading though. So I wanted pancakes, but also was intrigued by the banana cream waffles-- they were flexible and let me have the sliced bananas and cream sandwiched between pancakes; and omg it was probably the best pancake dish I have ever had. Also shared the huevos rancheros which were pretty good. Our friends got the French Toast Log which was utterly ridiculous-- I'm sure it's about 6000 calories. One got the frozen hot chocolate which I guess is the thing to get here-- you can also get it to go. The wait and service takes a while, but it was fun to hang out on the outdoor patio which faces the street/Flamingo.
1	I just moved to California from New York and I frequented Serendipity 3. When I found out there was one in Vegas I was excited. A little piece of NYC. I even went on there website to make sure they had my favorite sandwich. Summer Brie. So I made the trek. When I got there I was told they don't have it anymore, despite having just looked online. It was very disappointing. Even worse then that I went to talk to the manger to voice my concerns and he could really care less what I had to say. I guess when you have a name in Vegas that's all you need. Oh and the humble pie. Nothing like the real thing. If you are looking for a piece of NYC, go to New York New York. It's much closer to the real thing.
3	3.5. I've been here a handful of times, and have tried a handful of the items on their menu. I've never had anything bad, but nothing has blown my mind either. Of course one has to get the frozen hot chocolate, which is yummy.The place is decorated really cute and it's always crowded. Which I don't like because the wait time here always seems so much longer when compared to other places that get just as packed. And the hosts/servers are never really friendly. Maybe the place gets too crazy for them to slap a smile on.I've never been to the Serendipity in NY, but I hear that this place just does not compare.
3	The food is pretty expensive and the wait is pretty long, but it is great food nonetheless. I ordered the grilled cheese and it came with a side of tomato soup. It was a very cold spring evening and the grilled cheese with the soup really hit the spot. And the soup had goldfish in it! I thought that was a very unique touch. I like having a little crisp in my soup.I have also had the frozen hot chocolate and loved it too! The serving is extremely big so I hope your thirsty! I tried to remake it with their take home mix too but that was a big fail, lol. With the different seasons that Vegas goes through, I am sure theres something on their menu that'll take care of whatever youre craving.
4	20 min wait with lots of tables available and barely anybody on labor day WTF???? Seems a little but snobbish even though it looks like it does...but it's the strip so what did you expect...anyhow...love the frozen hot chocolate, that is pretty much the only thing I like about this place or many on the strip...
3	The line is ridiculous most of the time. I hate lines, but I'm willing to wait for the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate or their Deep Fried Oreos & Ice CreamSerendipity 3 isn't some place to visit while on a diet, but who the crap is gonna go to Vegas and diet? ...Seriously. Frrrozen Hot ChocolateA guilty pleasure. It's not the greatest thing in the world, but it is a sure thing. It's definitely something that makes me feel good from the inside out.Deep Fried Oreos & Ice CreamDeep Fried Oreos, Cookies 'N Cream Ice Cream, Hot Fudge, & Marshmallow SauceI die. Deep fried Oreos are like mini orgasms waiting to be had. No. Joke. Oreos are so freakin' delish as is.. Then deep fried?!!! That's just asking for it. And then with ice cream and marshmallow sauce (I can deal without the fudge) ?!!!!! Excuse me while I go change the panty. LOL. #forrealdoeAs far as reg food goes, it's just ..."meh."The sweet treats are where they at.VERDICTThese kinds of treats make more sense in a tropical-24/7 climate like HI. Hey, hello, HI. #justsaying #isthatagoodenoughexcuseHaha. But I'm glad I know where to go when I'm in need of some cheering up while in Vegas!
4	$14.00 Mimosas???  But delicious! I recommend signing up with Total Rewards (Cesar's Palace) You get a discount, which I didn't know about till after my 2nd trip here. This is a great place for brunch/lunch, make reservations because they tend to have a wait. They have inside and outside seating. I absolutely love their Mac & Cheese!
3	Got the chicken fingers and vanilla frozen hot chocolate. Service was nice but food was just OK. Had to say food was overpriced for what it was. Hot chocolate was extremely sweet and I probably wouldn't order it again.
4	It's an absolute tourist destination (duh) and its usually always busy. What is nice is that while of course you're paying more than you would at an off-strip dining establishment, you're at least feeling like you're getting your moneys worth. My favorite cholesterol level raising option is their steak sandwich. It comes on a loaf (yeah a goddamn loaf) of garlic bread, an entire NY strip steak, bacon, and perfectly runny over easy eggs. It's $22 bucks (it seems pricey, I know), but it's big enough to share and both parties will be full and a little bit closer to a heart attack. Another favorite of mine is the lump crab and artichoke dip.It's decadent, indulgent, it's everything you want in a creamy, rich appetizer. I'd be remiss if I didn't talk about the frozen hot chocolates. I've tried the original, the peanut butter, and the cookies and cream. Cookies and cream is my favorite, it's creamy, sweet and I'm sure it goes straight to your thighs. The original is alright, but I feel like it is missing the creaminess that like in a cold chocolate drink. Peanut butter was kinda gross and I didn't finish it. It had a lot more to do with the peanut butter taste not really gelling with the cold uncreamy texture that's inherent in this drink. If you really like peanut butter taste, but don't require a creamy texture, i.e. you eat crunchy peanut butter, you'll probably like it. If you like creamy peanut butter like Texans love guns, skip it. Service is hit or miss here. Usually good, but sometimes (especially if you're sitting outside I've noticed) your server seems to forget you and you have to wait for everything. The other thing I'm not a fan of is there indoor seating arrangements. I understand you want to maximize your space with tables because mo' tables, mo' money, but it's pretty cramped inside. Overall, if you're living in town and wanted to try it, try and go on a weekday during the low season. If you're an out-of-towner wanting to try this place out, prepare for a long wait (maybe have dessert BEFORE dinner and grab an iced hot chocolate while you're waiting) and consider sharing.
1	I had the baby back ribs here and got major food poisoning. I spent the rest of the night in my hotel room feeling like crap. They were pricy and not even that good. This place is just too overrated.
2	The line was super long and slow and the price was outrageous (even for Vegas).  My frozen hot chocolate was $11 plus tax and tip and it tasted more like ovaltine than hot chocolate and it was really watery, not that frozen.  I wouldn't believe the hype.  I should have tried the fried Oreo and ice cream...hard to mess that delicious combo up!
3	Another stop on our agenda... not much of a wait as it was only me and my friend grabbing an early dinner.  I ordered the baby back ribs with sweet potato fries.  The ribs were okay and just passable for me but maybe i should have known better than to order ribs since we are from Texas and the ribs here just seems better.  The sweet potato fries were just fries and I probably should have passed on them as they were pointless calories for me.The reason we came here was for the Frozen Chocolate! I got the Mint Frozen Chocolate and man it was so freaking good!! I am normally not a sweets type of person but I will admit this was heaven in your mouth.  The delicious taste of chocolate goodness in your mouth *drool* I think i finished mine in like 5 minutes.  Will come back here but only for the Frozen Chocolate!
2	Cute place, frozen hot chocolate is a yummy treat. Food is so so, nothing special. Just had the most horrendous waiter, Nick. He huffed and puffed when we asked him to come back to take our orders because one person from our party was in the restroom (note that it was not busy at all). He proceeded to give us attitude throughout our meal. When one of us asked for a side of toast, he told her he would have to charge her. I don't know why he assumed she was looking for a giveaway. You think he'd be more patient from working in such a high traffic restaurant. Thanks for nothing, Nick!
3	What's all the hype about?  Without the long line perception, I bet this place would lose much of their business.Their quintessential "frrrrrrrozen hot chocolate" tastes like something I can duplicate by making Swiss Cocoa Mix, freezing it, then putting it through my Ninja blender and viola!  I got frrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrozen hot chocolate for about 25 cents!I also got the deep fried oreo with cookies n cream ice cream.  While it sounds delicious and the deep fried oreos were as expected, who thinks of deeply inserting their oily, hot deep friend oreos into ice cream??  There's a temperature difference going on here, who do you think will win?  Yep, the hot ass oreos!  So there I am eating my deep fried oreos and "drinking" my ice cream.  C'mon, you gotta think up of a better platting design for this dish!Eat somewhere else with a shorter wait time.  I'd probably be disappointed with their $1000 dessert as well.
4	Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. Get it. There are over 200 items on the menu, but no matter what sounds delicious to you, make sure to save room for a frrrozen hot chocolate. It's a New York classic that is now in Las Vegas. Yes, Serendipity 3 is a tourist trap and the pink, white and orange decor may blind you upon entering the restaurant, but it's worth a trek through Caesar's Palace. Sit outside and watch the tourists and the cars go by the Flamingo Hotel & Casino.If you're interested in the food, it pays to become a member of the Total Rewards program in the casino. You can save $1-$2 on entrees. If you have to use the restroom, do it before you go in. It's located outside a little ways away from the restaurant.I was here in early November around 3pm and there was no wait, no lines, no problems. The service was pleasant and I have no complaints about anything. We did not eat here, so I cannot comment on the food, but we did have two frrrozen hot chocolates. I'd never had one and I was interested to know what all the hype was about. It really does taste like frozen hot chocolate. It's chocolaty, a hint of salt, a lot of crushed ice and yes--it does resemble a Swiss Miss packet covered with a mound of whipped cream, but it's Vegas! Of COURSE it's overpriced! It's on The Strip--what do you expect? But $15 is a totally reasonable price for a large goblet full of frrrozen, chocolatly, creamy goodness (for two).
2	I think the only reason people come here is because it's in a central location and the blaring pink decor screams, "Vegas!"Horrible service. I understand the place gets really busy but it shouldn't take over 15 minutes to get our waters. The food wasn't very good either. The ribs were incredibly dry, the fettuccine pasta tasted like it was made from a box, and the nachos were really just a bunch of chips with a tiny portion of cheese and meat.The frozen hot chocolate everyone raves about is overrated. Go somewhere else for better food!
2	I feel like Serendipity is one of those places that you have to try at least once when you're in Vegas. We strolled in here one day for lunch and ordered a bunch of stuff off their menu. The onion rings and frozen hot chocolate was probably the only two things that really stood out to us. The onion rings were sooooo GOOD. They tasted like corn bread battered onions that were crispy. The frozen hot chocolate was also delicious. It is GINORMOUS so I would definitely suggest sharing it between at least 4 people. Our table tried the pizza, hot wings, baby back ribs, a burger, and veggie sandwich. The pizza was soggy and bland, the baby back ribs were tough and difficult to eat, the burger was dry, and the rest were unmemorable. Oh well...WHEN IN ROME!
3	We stopped by the takeout window for something a little sweet. I have tried to dine here in the past but it's always been pretty busy. Luckily it was pretty cold out so I don't think there was a lot of people craving frozen hot chocolate. We were though. The three of us just got the regular frozen hot chocolate since one of us had never had it. You should always try the Original first if you've never had it and then venture out to all the different varieties. So good. I haven't had the hot chocolate here for many years. One friend who didn't want to share, got the peanut butter frozen hot chocolate. I got to try a sip of it and it's pretty good. They have the chunks of peanut butter blended in pretty smoothly but you're still able to decipher the difference between chocolate and peanut butter. Pricey at $11 for a large cup. And I'm not sure but the to-go cup seems a lot smaller than the giant goblet you get if you dine in there. Good for a little sweet splurge every once in a while. There's also a seating area under a tent just beyond the takeout window. There were also heat lamps shining down on us to keep us warm. Though it probably made the frozen hot chocolate melt a little faster.
4	This place has been on my Vegas To Do list for quite some time. Finally got a chance to check this place out! There's usually a wait for this place, but you can always choose to sit at the bar. You can order and eat there too. We wanted to go all out here. Go big or go home! Here's what we ordered:+ Amaretto Almond Frozzzzzon Hot Chocolate+ Fried Oreo Sunday+ Crabcakes Benedict+ Fried Eggs BenedictThe crabcakes was soooooooooooo delicious! The fried eggs one wasn't as good. I enjoyed the frozon hot chocolate. It didn't really tastes like hot chocolate, more like the amaretto. It's quite pricey and more of a novelty. I was a little iffy about the fried oreos but they were delicious and it didn't feel too bad eating them. Everything was so sweet. Almost got a toothache here. They have a to go window, which is nice if you're not interested in a full sit down meal. I was debating between 3-4 stars. It is quite overpriced to dine here, but if you can get vouchers from your hotel or comps from the casino it'll be better. Remember to bring your TR card to discounts. It's a little overrated for the frozen hot chocolate, but the food is yummy.
3	I got the frozen hot chocolate ! I think it was tasty but I wouldn't come back again. I think this is good to try only once .
4	The Frrrozen hot chocolate makes this place worth a stop as we ambled up & down the strip. Acually came here twice, just for this! Food is just OK; portions are large, but the breakfast quesadilla, smoked chicken quesadilla, and cheeseburger were average.  Also a bit pricey- $50 for breakfast is a bit much. Come early for meal times for no wait- here at 8:15 for breakfast one day, 11:30 for lunch with no wait.
2	Came here with some friends and my husband for brunch and we were disappointed. The only thing I enjoyed was my corned beef hash. Our waitress was cold and short with us, the food was just ok and the prices were way too high! I realize these are fairly large portions but the quality of the food was lacking thus didn't deserve to be this expensive. My friends wanted to go here because they ate here 4 yrs ago and loved it. They were disappointed as well.
4	Frozen hot chocolate... That should be the end of my review right there.I went to this place on my last trip to Vegas. It was an easy stroll to the front of the casino where we were staying. The wait was long, and cold, on a Sunday morning but we expected it.  I think the food is as you would expect at many of the cafes inside the casinos but what we wanted was the dessert. We saw most of the tables ended their brunch with the frozen hot chocolate... Worth a try!
3	We only came here for dessert, since we had dinner reservations for Raku that night. I really wanted to like this place, but the drink we had was just very sweet with a lot of whip cream on it. We had a nice seat out on the patio and found it amusing that there was a guy in the pool digging up coins.
4	I can't attest for all the other reviews of long lines and wait times. I guess I only go to Vegas at non-peak travel times or crave frozen hot chocolate during weird times of the day. I've never had a wait here. The desserts are amazing. All of them. Yes my sweet tooth filled with cavities has tried most of them.The meals are of epic proportions. Two girls should really split one plate. None of my friends could finish any of their dinners. I love that they have a full menu all day long. Breakfast omelet for dinner along with your banana split? Go ahead! It's Vegas! Nobody is judging you!There is also a take out window so you can get your noms to go. Overall one of my go to places while in Vegas.Plus: I love the outdoor heaters while in Vegas during the wintertime!
2	Got the fried oreo sundae expecting that it would be like something special... the waiter said it was the most popular. Nothing impressive. Cookies n cream ice cream with fudge. The oreos were disgusting btw. Glad we didn't order anything else here.
1	So... $17 for a ordinary burger that I finished in 6 bites and a large soda. That should be enough said. Definitely a tourist trap
4	The portions are HUGE. If you order a slice of cake you better be ready to devour half a cake, not kidding. It's a definite must to try their signature frozen hot chocolates. I loved the white frozen hot chocolate with raspberries. The service was wonderful!
1	one sentence: Medium food, bad service, $12 irish coffee and a gas leak complimented our visit.longer version: all of the above, plus when we found a hair in one of the dishes, the staff promptly took the dish, promised to replace it and never actually did. when we asked about it 20 minutes later we were promptly brought a plate that had been under the heat lamp so long the plate was too hot to touch. icing on the cake they still tried to charge us for it.
5	We loved the outdoor seating for people watching on the Las Vegas Strip.  Frozen Hot Chocolate is worth the hype...loved it!  Not a very convenient location to get to no matter where you park but that way you can work off some of what you enjoyed here.
4	Love the frozen hot chocolate! Great place to go for a snack or dessert if you're a local and want to go out on the town or visiting tourist!
2	I was going to go for three stars but that's A OK, and last night was anything but. Arriving late into Vegas with the kids I asked our concierge to recommend somewhere to take two kids 8 and 10 for dinner. He couldn't recommend Serendipity high enough for food for kids. I guess kids must have lower standards ? Anyway I like  to grade my dinning reviews on a few things. Service; we didn't experience any wait time apparently that's the norm for this time of season so walked starlight in. We we're meet promptly and seated straight away. (Forgot to mention my parents joined us so we were a party of 5).  That was all good but we were seated between the front door the front desk and the kitchen. With plenty of other options I thought this was poor choice. Our server was polite but surly to start with, she warmed up during our stay ( Aussie accent helps sometimes). Kitchen staff were excellent, my son is dairy and gluten free and they went out of there way to make hi something to eat which was great but sadly no one else got this good a food.Food; being a beef farmer I like to eat steak just about everywhere I go and the steak and fries I ordered arrived in good time but the fries were cold and the steak ordinary. My daughter got the mini cheese burgers which she ate half of one and passed on the rest. I bit into the second one and could see why, the meat was bland and all you could taste was old grease from the grill, yuk.Dad went safe with a sundae and was happy enough but then nothing much phases him when it has whipped cream.Mum just had some fries which also arrived cold and no flavour at all.So in summary the food was below expectation and the service average.
3	Is this just a tourist trap because of it's convenient location on the strip?  I think so. We were enjoying an afternoon walk on the strip.  I've been wanting to try this place for a very long time.  Since we weren't hungry, we deiced to split one of their 'Frozen Hot Chocolate' drinks.  They have an outdoor ordering window for people on the go.  The lady wasn't overly friendly but pleasant enough.  We waited about 5 minutes for our drink to get done.  $11 later we tried our first sip of their famous drink.   Was it good?  Sure!  Was it worth $11?  Nope.  At least I finally was able to cross that off of my list of things to try.  If it were up to me, I would hit up a Starbucks for a Frappacino.  It's the same size, 1/2 the price and much better.
3	S3 straddles the line between 3 and 4 stars. We were seated promptly, service was fine, and the food came fast, but there was nothing overly special about our meals. Sure, my wife's french toast log was insanely big and looked like a loaf of bread on the plate, but it wasn't as flavorful as it could have been so it was more show than taste. My huevos rancheros were pretty good but nothing memorable. I dunno, we're glad we went as we've always talked about going, but I don't see us ever going back. You could do better, but you could definitely do worse.
3	Came here for the frozen hot chocolate. It was not what I expected. I thought the hot chocolate was actually going to be hot and that they had some weird way of having a cold and hot combo. I ordered the white chocolate frozen hot chocolate and it was good. It was sweet and had little chocolate shavings as well. I didn't experience the wait time as other people may have. But the server never came back for my straw when he accidentally had his sleeve caught onto my straw when placing water on the table. Also they had messed up my order and gave me regular hot chocolate when I ordered white chocolate. They did bring me the correct order quickly.
5	I'm local...I've NEVER waited in a line.I am drooling as I start to write this... this place is a #favGreat Service.  Great Food.  Cool Trendy Location!  I always intend to get the frozen hot choc but I end up with a yummy meal that makes me forgo dessert!  LOL
3	3 words: Frozen hot chocolate! That's the only reason why I come here. Their food is mediocre while they're still somewhat pricey. Almost all the times I've came, something was either really cold or they would have my order messed up. Late afternoon can be a wait, but during breakfast/early lunch time there usually aren't lines. Also, service is not bad, especially comparing it to its New York location which had terrible service!! It's a cute spot though and is worth trying out at least once when in Vegas. Get their Oreo frozen hot chocolate! And add some marshmallow toppings while you're at it!
4	I've enjoyed everything that I've tried here thus far. The triple decker grilled cheese and tomato soup is a must try, and the chicken tenders is probably one of the best I've tasted. Don't forget to leave room for dessert - the cheesecake is a fave. The service is fast and friendly; even at their busiest time, the wait was short. The only issue that I have is the lack of space between some of the tables. I've experienced having to sit at a table that was against a wall and in between 2 big parties where the backs of our chairs were literally touching each other. It's hard to really enjoy your meal when you can hardly move.
1	BJ brew house located at Charlestonservice sucks, we waited 20 minutes to drinks and 45 minutes for food. waitress was too busy with too many tables to provide adequate service. Rib eye steak was very fatty. Do not take BJ coupons to this location, they will be not accepted.
3	I've heard a lot about Serendipity, so I finally decided to try the place out during my stay in Vegas.I came here about an hour before closing on a Friday & there was a 20 minute wait. Ok, understandable. It's a Friday night & it's Vegas. I look into the place and half the tables were empty. Umm, ok. The cool thing about the wait is that they send you a text to your phone when your table is ready. Pretty innovative compared to those annoying buzzers that have a limited amount of distance that you can walk away from the place.Anyhoo, this place is great for late night grubs. Or if you have a sweet tooth like me, it's great for any time of day.  I highly recommend the frozen hot chocolate. Which is actually a glorified chocolate milk with whipped cream. Perfect for taking a break from drinking all those Fat Tuesdays and sandwiches from Earl's.
2	Serendipity: (noun) the occurrence and development of events by chance in a happy or beneficial way.We came here by chance (because the other restaurant had a 45 min wait), but nothing was beneficial. You should change your name.They stop serving breakfast after 11am. I repeat, they stop serving breakfast at 11am...at the crossroads of probably one of the highest concentrations of foot traffic in Las Vegas. It's tough to wake up in Vegas. I just wanted French toast :'(There's only one reason to be in this human sized doll house...The frozen hot chocolate. It's absolutely delicious and fun to share.However, if it's good food you want, or a glimmer of a menial smile, you're better off going somewhere else. It was tough watching my Reuben sizzle in the window for literally 11 minutes. I wanted to grab it, because the OH had a flight to catch, but I didn't want to be 'that guy'. We became the 'waiters', instead of the patrons.Skip Serendipity 3 if you can. There are much better places near.
3	This is one of my go-to spots in Las Vegas.  The first few times I came here, I ordered just the frozen hot chocolate, which is pretty awesome!! Some of the hotels that you stay at (Paris or Harrah's) will give you a discount on the frozen hot chocolate. Yay!One time, I did order some food, and was unpleasantly disappointed. I got the Las Vegas burger and the lobster dip, both of which were so-so. The burger was extremely dry, even though I ordered it in medium rare. And the lobster dip was just a bit too salty.If you want to check out only their desserts, I recommend ordering it to-go instead!
3	Not too sure what the big hype is. Everyone has told me it's a must....it was good, but nothing to write home about. Frozen hot chocolate. .was ok. I don't get why everyone's so crazy over it. And I like hot chocolate! I will give them tho that their sweet potato fries are to die for...they are so good. Serve is rather slow, to order and to get your food. I won't be coming back unless I am absolutely craving their sweet potato fries.
1	Ughhhhhh never. I repeat.. Never waste your time to try this place. The only thing worth trying is their Frozen hot chocolate.. But other then that... Complete disappointment!!!! Guys.. It's rare that I get this mad over food.. But we literally sat down and waited 20 mins for a server to come by and ask what we'd like to drink.. (And she wasn't even our server for the section!) this girl who we finally were able to wave down.. Had said she would go get our server... 10 mins later.. She came back and said "you still haven't been helped?" And decided to just help us.. We over heard her asking another server where the server for our table was... That right there... Biiiig red flag for bad experience waiting to happen.. Anyway. We finally got to order.. We decided to share the steak sandwich.. That I see everyone getting... And the frozen hot chocolate as dessert... After ordering we waited what seemed like forever for our food to come out.. They bring us.. The frozen hot chocolate first.. (That's dessert.. What in the world?!) at this point I was so hungry I didn't care anymore., we downed that frozen hot chocolate in less then 5 mins! Our steak sandwich finally came out.. It's really big.. So plan on sharing. But after reading this.. Hopefully you don't even bother to waste your money! This steak sandwich is served on a long baguette that is cut in half.. Then it has two pieces of steak, bacon and an over easy egg on top. Now.. If you the plate looks pretty darn good. But when you eat it.. Your opinion will go south pretty quick! It was like biting into rubber! We couldn't even bite the sandwich. The baguette was hard as a rock.. And the steak was so chewy and rubber.. It was ridiculous.. We had to start using a knife to cut it into small pieces just to eat... And not only that.. We asked for a Medium well steak... My piece came out MOO-ing to me! It was so bloody.. I felt like a vampire .. The blood started dripping and made my bread look all bloody.. I couldn't even eat it! My bf had to switch with me cause his piece was actually cooked correctly.. Ugh! Such a bad experience...The service here is horrible.. If you read a review on bad service.. It's cause it is! They run around looking so busy.. But I seriously don't see them doing anything.. And the food here is just plain horrible! Forgot to mention this is my 3rd time here... Everytime their food just gets more & more disappointing... STICK TO DESSERT HERE! It's also super pricey! The steak sandwich and frozen hot chocolate came out to be $40.. Nooooo thank you! Never coming back again!! *quick tip..if you must.. Just order the frozen hot chocolate to go.. Don't waste your time in the restaurant!*
1	Had the absolute WORST experience here. Only went because out of town family wanted to check it out... We waited an hour and a half for a table outside in the cold. Service was terrible. Started off by announcing a $25/per person minimum order- and said that if you ordered less than that you would be charged a fee. I thought this was ridiculous as one of our older family members did not want to eat but the waitress said she would charge her $25 no matter what. I ordered the nachos (super mediocre at best), the crab and artichoke dip (which tasted spoiled and almost made me sick) and the original frozen hot chocolate (which was good, but not worth the price... Max brenner has much better chocolate drinks). When my server finally returned, I immediately sent back my rancid dip, and she offered a replacement entree, so I ordered a hot dog thinking it would come out quickly. After 30 min I still had not received my food, at which point everyone was done eating even their dessert! The waitress again never followed up, so I asked for them to cancel my food completely. We waited another 15 minutes for the check to discover we were slapped with an auto gratuity (which she did NOT mention) despite the menu clearly saying there are NO AUTOGRATs. I asked for the manager and gave her the rundown on our disastrous meal. She offered to discount the bill, but then returned the bill to me with no discount. Another 20 min ordeal and she have us 20%.... Hardly worth it. I would NEVER advise anyone to go here and will not go back ever again. If I could leave negative stars I would.
2	My party of 3 waited about 15 minutes before we were seated on the patio on a Friday evening. We ordered a large pot of tea, Frozen Hot Chocolate, and Bread pudding to share. From my point of view, I noticed that this location is not well kept. You can definitely see the wear/tear of the restaurant. It felt dirty out on the patio and I would have preferred to be seated inside, as I noticed random patrons taking seats in the patio area. The desserts came 15 minutes later and we noticed that the bread pudding probably sat in the window for a while. That is, our topping of ice cream was completely melted by the time it reached the table.Service was non-exisitent as well as the waiter hardly came by to check on us. Overall, I was let down by Serendipity. The dessert are overpriced and I felt that slow service attributed my poor experience. Perhaps, the New York location may be able to redeem my perception of this chain someday.
5	The frozen hot chocolate is a real hype. We also ordered the chocolate french toast. That one was really good for breakfast. Quantity is really big here. Little pricey. Tip: Go early for breakfast and you dont have to really wait in a line.
4	Good food for a decent price and portion size. No reservation needed but they do get crowded. We had the onion rings, burgers, pizza and can't say no sunde. My group enjoyed their food, we all agreed it was the best we had the whole time we were in town. We also went to Battistas, next to Ballys.
3	Way too hyped. The frozen hot chocolate was alright, food was alright (quesadilla is great for the drunchies). The charge to split entrees was ridiculous. Service was crap, they didn't provide plates for my group of 5 [wtf], and the waitress mixed up my bill with that of the table in front of me (which by the way is like a $30 difference). Not coming back but at least I get to say I gave it a try...
3	After finding out that the buffet at Caesars was raised to $50/person for the holidays, my family and I decided to eat breakfast here instead. We walked in with no reservations and were able to be seated immediately.I ordered the LEO Omelet, which wasn't bad but I wasn't a fan of the way they cooked the eggs. Other dishes my family ordered were the Corned Beef Hash & Eggs, Mushroom Quiche, Eastside Western Omelet, and Breakfast Burger. Even though I love prosciutto, I wasn't a fan of the Eastside Western Omelet. The best dish I tried was probably the Mushroom Quiche. It was tasty with a buttery crust, and the salad was fresh.We ordered one Frozen Hot Chocolate to share. It was my first time trying this after hearing about it for so many years, and I don't think it lived up to the hype. It was sweet and tasty, and definitely a perfect treat for the summer. However, I don't see it being worth $11. Luckily, we had a coupon for a free Frozen Hot Chocolate with the purchase of an entree.Service was pretty good. Our waitress was busy, but still very friendly and refilled our coffees and waters promptlyOverall, the food was decent, with some good dishes and some subpar ones. Considering the quality of the food, the price seemed a bit high for me (TIP: use your Total Rewards card to save $1-2 on each dish). There is a fairly large selection of dishes available, so it's not a bad place to go to if you run out of other options.
3	Food is good, but there is nothing amazing about it. Good for its atmosphere. Great place for a date. Little pricey as is everything decent on the strip though.
5	The desserts at Serendipity are worth a visit alone - simply incredible.  My only complaint is Serendipity gets very busy when The Strip loads up and wait times get long.  But, that's because it's a great restaurant worth waiting for.
1	Lady was a complete asshole when we came at 10:15. We weren't notified that they were closing early or anything but it would have been fine if they had just let us know instead of keeping us waiting for 45 min. We then asked to order something to-go still 20min before their closing time and were rudely told that they were closing early and the hostess very promptly snatches the menus we were holding and walked away. No apology for the inconvenience. Could have been handled way better by any normal service person.
4	this place is way better than the reviews gave it credit for and we havent had dessert!
4	I missed out on Serendipity last time I was in NYC, so when I found out there was a location at Caesar's I knew I had to try it. That was all I wanted, so I just ordered at the walk-up window- there's a restaurant side with seating as well. The frozen hot chocolate was delicious, as anticipated! My only complaint: it was a little bit gritty, possibly wasn't blended up as much as it should have been. They had a ton of ice cream sundaes as well, which looked amazing. Next time!
4	The Frozen Hot Chocolate is so cute, get the one for two with sprinkles, very cute for photos :) I like it cause it is not as thick as a milk shake, it is like a melted malt, yum!  The wait for inside dining is so long, but they will text you. I think the visual of having a gigantic dessert drink in a glass is better than the outside plastic cup, its for instagram guys get real, haha. It is sweet and cute, but I wouldn't wait 45 mins for this unless you put your name in first then go walk around.
5	Frozen hot chocolate and their onion rings are amazing. I love their food and it's well priced.
4	Serendipity is one of our favorite dinner or dessert place in LV. The place is under construction and it was cold outside so seating was hard but my Diamond Total Rewards card helped faster than usual seating and discount pricing.  I tried the Las Vegas Steak cooked medium rare with 3 sunny side eggs in French bread for first time and it was worth it. My son and wife split the Portobello Mushroom Burger and they said it was delicious.
4	I enjoyed the frozen hot chocolate at Serendipity. Corned beef hash and mushroom omelets were tasty. Make sure you arrive early and get your name on the wait list. Then have a Bloody Mary while while waiting.
2	The NYC location far exceeds in service and food quality.  I was very disappointed with the flavors and how poorly the food was presented.  Also after having Max Brenner's chocolate milkshake and Frozen Chocolate "Granita", Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate has lost its luster for me.There are many places to eat in Las Vegas.  Serendipity 3 isn't worth the trouble or wait.
5	My husband and I came back here on 12/31/2013, to have our dinner before the firework on the strip. I got to say that we were very happy with our server. He is really really sincere and polite. I saw that he was sincere with every table he served. Service does make a big difference in your dining experience!!!!!We shared a caeser salad with add-on steak, and got the "one and only one las vegas strip steak sandwich" (yes, again), and a Forbidden Broadway Sundae. Everything tasted good. And the sundae was really delicious and satisfying! It was a great meal to end the year 2013. =D
4	I had one menu item... EVERYONE should have it... Frozen Hot Chocolate. YUM... I can't say anything else about this place ha. Cute atmosphere, staff was OKAY
5	Our hotel concierge recommended this place. We came in with our 9 month old and she seemed to really like the decor. Definitely a family friendly place. I got a salad there that was a non-lettuce salad. I can't remember what it was called. But it had chicken, avocado, corn, chickpeas, and other goodies. oh my god. Seriously it was so good I couldn't put my fork down. Husband got some pasta. He said it was good. He also had the deep fried oreo sundae, which we said was good too. I don't eat dairy, so no dessert for me. The desserts are definitely sharing size, though.
5	Sure enough, we came here for my dad's birthday dinner. We went to a high priced place the day before, and he preferred his favorite burger. He was also quite excited to see the discount with the Total Rewards card (a dollar or so off of different items).
4	Went here to grab a quick dinner late night while waiting for the Absenthe show to start.This place seems to be crowded all the time and was no exception when we went. We got lucky and found a couple seats at the bar to eat.Very colorful drink menu and dessert selection.Affordable and decent quality food.Bartender was very attentive and friendly considering how busy it was.Good to take friends, date, coworkers. not the best place to take customers.Need to have plenty of time if you plan to get a table b/c the place is typically crowded around dinner time. Don't know if you can do reservations but if possible, I would put in reservation first.
5	Loved the experience here.  Great location right next to the show we were going to.  Our server Karen was wonderful!  Food was very tasty!  It was fun to share the Frozen Hot chocolate with my sweetie!
4	5 stars for our wedding reception, 3 stars for our wedding anniversary a year later.Our reception was a lot of fun. We picked the menu in advance,  giving people a narrower choice of items, preset appetizers and desserts. They worked with me on creating a menu that would keep my friends and  family happy (we've got some picky eaters) and I was able to make requests like having two different appetizers with all of the sauces on the side. Service was good, too. We did have a little bit of a wait to be seated - bummer cause we had our reservation for months. But once we got in there, things were efficiently done. The food was good! Especially loved the steak sandwich and the Asian chicken salad. We had a great time and it made our wedding day even better.Er, but we didn't have such a great time when it was just my husband and I on our anniversary. It was a pretty ridiculous wait to get in and then we were seated inside, where everything is pepto pink and the noise level is awful. Our food took a while to get to us, and when it did, it was good but unimpresive. Our dessert was something with peanut butter...tasty but super rich and we couldn't even eat half of it. We didn't have any serious complaints but we weren't planning any trips back, either.
1	Doesn't matter how good the food is, when service is that bad from someone because we have two groups of 5, nothing will make up for it. Bitchy attitude and the nerve to follow us outside and give us crap is unacceptable.
3	Food was great.  Our server was not so great. He seemed very smug. Didn't want to help us much. Worst service in all of vegas. Food was awesome though.
5	Wonderful place to go and share a sundae
4	My fiance took me to Serendipity in Dec. 2013. I LOVED their decor. It was so fun, and was not too fancy. It does say that you HAVE to have a reservation (online), so we made one... I really don't see why we needed to because it wasn't "that" busy. The food is amazing! I thought it was kind of pricey, but you get what you pay for :) A must have is their frozen hot chocolate... They have a huge section of all the different flavors; we stuck with original since we'd never had it before. I heard the s'mores hot chocolate is to die for. I'd recommend this fun restaraunt to a friend for sure.
1	Love the frozen hot chocolates but the service was really bad for us!! We sat down and waited for ten minutes and had to flag someone down to ask to take our order. "I'll find a server for you."  was his response. A family sat down right after and a server tended to them right away. We looked around and noticed that we were the minorities. Id hate to pull the race card but thats how I'm perceiving it. Disappointed is what I am.
1	Once was enough for me. I am not coming back.Not only is the service terrible, but the food is vastly overpriced, even for the strip. I waited about 40 minutes for ONE very simple, yet expensive dessert. I expected the quality to at least be great, but it was sightly above average at best. Nobody in my group was impressed.In addition, a few of my friends recently received melted ice cream from this place. For a restaurant that is known for its desserts, that is unacceptable. Never mind, that should be unacceptable everywhere!Satisfy your sweet tooth somewhere else.
1	I had a ordered a pizza, it was way too small & overly priced!The sauce was awful. I only liked the topping.I order a drink which was decent.The interior is 3/5. Needs new flooring.It was kind of crowded, tables are too close to each other and hard to get around.
1	Went back with some friends for some Frozen Hot Chocolate and some huge Cheese cakes. Some 10 friends to be exact and that was the problem right there. They have a policy of $25/person fee or something like that for groups 10 or more, which is ridiculous. So we split in 2 groups of 5. And we were seated one after another at tables far apart. But the table next to us was open so the other group moved there and were close. Well, you can't do that apparently, we got some sh!t for that and a guy from the other group got up and left (we didn't know he wasn't coming back until later, otherwise we would all have left). Too bad that their Chocolatini is good and the cakes and stuff, but this is the kind of experience that you don't come back for.
3	This place in placed right outside Caesars Palace, so it's in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip. I have been here a few times and both the service and the food here has varied quite a bit. There is often a waiting list here in the summer, so prepare not to be seated right away. Before I thought it was worth it since the service was better and the food better than now. I will probably end up going here again, but it's not a place I would recommend unless you are right outside Caesars. Or maybe if you are going to see the very enjoyable show Absinte that is as close as it get.
2	TOURIST TRAP WARNING!!!!  So not worth all the hype. Regular ice cream, regular luke warm chocolate, regular luke warm coffee with a dash of cinnamon - oh, I know why I'm giving the 2nd star, because of the other servers who extended great customer service experience - cause ours (Karen K) seemed to be very angry with the world & pretended to be courteous to us.  I kinda felt bad for her in a way.  What's happening to quality service today? Augh! #fatbill #badservice
1	Overpriced and overrated! I ordered the "fried oreo sundae" and I received it halfway melted. I also ordered a burger which tasted mediocre at its best. My boyfriend ordered the frozen hot chocolate, and that also tasted disgusting. I truely wonder who hired the staff because the customer service, is horrible.
5	Everything about this place is excellent. Prices are reasonable, food quality is unreal...and the desserts are among the best I've ever had. Even if you're full by the time you finish, find room for a shake. You'll be glad you did!
4	This my obligatory stop in Vegas. Maybe the past 5 years I have visited Vegas, my friends and I make it a point to grab lunch here. My main problem is the long wait. Any and every time I have stopped in here there is a good hour wait and it's a waste of time, however once you are seated, the wait is completely worth it.The food is incredible. I have tried their burgers, pizzas and sandwiches- all to die for. You cannot leave this place without dessert, as this is what they are known for. I would recommend their famous frozen hot chocolate. We also tried their layered chocolate cake, which was AMAZING.I love the ambiance of the place, very Alice In Wonderland-ish, the staff is really nice and very upbeat. I love that it's located right on the strip so it's close to everything. I just wish it wasn't so damn popular so we wouldn't always have to wait to be seated!!!
4	Expect higher than average prices since it's part of Caesar's. However the prices are not bad at all for the quality of food. I ordered a BBQ and Blue Cheese Burger and a Chicken Caesar Salad. Both were generous in their meat. The burger was one of the best I've had with a good, thick patty. The salad wasn't as tossed together or cut as I expected, but the chicken breast was a good portion and tasted great.If you're at Caesar's and looking for more reasonably-priced dishes, I'd stop here.
5	Love Serendipity and a must when visiting Vegas!  I originally went for their famous Frozzen Hot Chocolate (they are amazing) but was surprised by how good the food is too!  If there's a wait for tables, sit at the bar.  Daisy at the bar is amazing and will take great care of you!  We now go back just because of her.
4	Pros: Large portions, it's overlooking the Vegas strip, and it's in front of Caesars Palace.Cons: The price and the branding (it's kinda confusing with cultural symbols).Food Experience:I had the steak sandwich because I always crave steak but of course there were no pictures and our server just said alright with no warning of the size of this monster. It could literally be split into 4 and I would be full. I felt guilty eating half of it lol. However my price raised when I ordered ONE mimosa.Conclusion:I would recommend this place if it weren't so darn pricey however it is cheaper then most nicer places in Vegas. So it's up to y'all!
3	Not bad, everything I wanted order there were out of. Had to order other things. After I did in the pick up line for 10 min. Need signs!! Bathrooms need a good scrubbing. I do like the outside atmosphere. Hot dog was ok, fries cold. But impressed, 3 stars because of they have stone
4	The strawberry fields and Deep Fried Oreos ice cream are my two favorites here!! I only came here for dessert! Don't know to much about the food here! Nice location in front of CP casino. Lots of tables outside to sit and people watch while you're enjoying.. Menu almost everything is $20 buck so it's pricey here!
4	Yelp definitely steered us in the right direction on this one--headed straight for the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate....mm-mm good!!  Yes, its overpriced, but so worth it.  We got the "double" which means double chocolate (not so obvious on the menu).  It's also got a cute, kinda retro look to the place.  Try to go off season/midweek/off times or better yet, all of the above, as they don't take reservations and lines can be long. Easy to find, as it's right in front of Caesar's--you will see it if you are walking or driving down the strip. Picked up a canister of the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate mix to take home, which includes prep. instructions.  Staff member ( can't remember his name) told us to make it into "double hot chocolate": combine 2 scoops of choc. ice cream,  2+ Tablespoons (preferrably dark-- Ghiradelli, etc.) chocolate syrup and 1 to 1 1/2 cups ice in blender...good luck!
5	I love it here!  I usually go just for dessert, but the food is also wonderful.  I also love the atmosphere of the place.  It's colorful and fun.  I've never had a bad experience.  Be warned:  the portions are huge!!  Either share or you will be definitely having leftovers for days.
4	I've been to all of the Serendipty 3's in the u.S and I have to say, Las Vegas was my favorite! The atmosphere is much newer and cleaner but most importantly, their customer service was the best and everything just seemed so much bigger in Vegas! I can't wait to come back to get the humongous slice of chocolate cake!However, I am only giving this place 4 stars because the actual food is only okay.. Nothing really special... but this place is definitely a good dessert spot!
5	Wow! This is some of the best desserts I have ever had. Frozen Hot Chocolate sounds crazy but it is so good. You wonder what it is but it is just that frozen hot chocolate. That really does describe it. So chocolaty and good. Then fried Oreos in cookies n cream ice cream sundae. So good. I have always wanted to try fried Oreos. They were crispy on the outside and gooey on the inside. With the ice cream it was a great combination.Be warned, watch the sizes. They don't mess around here. A small is huge and a huge is insane. Between me and my girlfriend we could not finish a small of either one.Now this is an ice cream parlor. Yes they serve food but it is just ok. It is good don't get me wrong but their thing is ice cream and that is what you came for anyway. We got the nachos. I love the big chips. Again they don't do small here. They had lots of cheese and meat. It was warm and gooey and good but not great. Again ice cream place. I have said it before if you go to the burger place you don't order tacos or go to a steakhouse and order fish. You came to an ice cream parlor for ice cream.Do yourself a favor and get the Frozen Hot Chocolate if you have never had it. If you have I don't need to tell you because you already ordered it. It is something that they came up with and is one of the best ideas ever.We will be back for sure. This is a great place for dessert. Really is the best ice cream around.
3	Three stars only because the Crab Cake Sandwich was delicious. The fries met expectations, though the tartar sauce (?), I assume, had an aftertaste because of the metallic containment it was in. Even though the food was good and the prices were cheaper than I had expected since it is on the strip, my server wasn't up to par. If you sit inside, depending on where they seat you, you could possibly see the kitchen. I was disappointed that my server was touching her hair and face in the back of house area without washing her hands before handling our food. Though hair wasn't found on our plates, The lack of cleanliness was disappointing. Being in the f&b industry, and super anal about maintaining my professional, cleanly appearance, this was a definite turn-off. She wasn't personable at all, and treated my friend and I as if we were just young girls, as is familiar. She brought us water with apparent melted ice that indicated it was sitting there for a while. We asked for ice in the water for both of us, she brought us two new cups with ice filled to the rim. As I finished my food, she took away my plate and presented us with a check when my friend wasn't even half-way done with the meal; we might as well have ordered to-go! I still tipped her 20% just because I know tips are what we work for, but she definitely didn't deserve it. A meal is less appreciated when the service sucks.Also, by all the other reviews I get from this place, by Yelpers, friends and family alike, I expected a better surrounding. The decor didn't live up Caesars palace. It was confusing figuring out whether the hostess was outside or inside. It was very awkward.I would still eat here again. And I'm sad I didn't try the frozen hot chocolate. Or the 1000$ gold sundae. Kidding. :P
4	Triple Decker Grilled Cheese, that is what my eyes focused on. The portion size was larger than that I originally thought. Honestly, one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I've had in a very long time. I opted to get the tomato soup, and it was good to dunk the sandwich in. My sis and I ordered the Oreo Frozen Hot Chocolate, and it was just what we needed to cure our craving. It was a bit crazy with the location under construction, and we couldn't even find our server to get a box and check. Though, I would return, but I would probably order from the togo window or wait until the location is fully renovated.
5	This place was great!!! There is construction going on right now but still had a wonderful breakfast. The vanilla latte was the best I've ever had. I got to taste me friends frozen hot chocolate, amazing!!! It's a cute atmosphere too. Can't wait to go back.
4	Date & Time:  Thursday January 28, 2014 @ 10am & Friday March 29, 2014 @ 1:30pmLocation:  Caesars PalaceDining Companions:  Husband's Cousin Jackie & her Son, Mommy & HusbandScene:  Groups in Graphic Grey Sweatshirts, Leggings & UggsDecor:  Fun & Whimsical.  Striped Wall Paper, Colorful TablesService:  EfficientImbibe:  Frozen Hot ChocolateDevour:  Waffles, Omelettes, Spaghetti+Meatballs, Corn Dog,  Apple PieMediocre:  BurgersTotal:  $86 & $68
2	How can something be so overrated. Just came here for dessert to try out the much talked about frozen hot chocolate. Ordered the double frozen hot chocolate for two which was $15 and upon its arrival, I was immediately disappointed. How can people rave so much about shaved ice, hot chocolate powder, and whipped cream? Is it because they're on the Vegas Strip and they know people will come and pay $11 and up for something so simple. I'd rather have some cold stone or baskin and Robins ice cream. I don't know what the food is like, but if you're intrigued about this frozen hot chocolate dessert and you're so eager to try it like I was, Go Somewhere else.
5	Finally after living 5 years in New York and never making it to serendipitys, I got to try the one in Las Vegas! Delicious! Had the famed frrrozen hot chocolate and it was scrumptious. Basically a milkshake but yummy. Didnt like that is was $11 but its Vegas so what can you do? Still would recommend it to everyone!
2	Not up to par as our last experience there. Food was just mediocre and the wait staff although busy was not pleasant this time. Might just be a bad day . We went on a friday morning. really was surprised.
3	Well I get this place is busy.   But you shouldn't have to wait 15 minutes for coffee.   The portions are a great size but alot of the dishes lacked flavor.   The manager was super rude when we were trying to be helpful with giving up one of our chairs we didn't need.   The only bonus was our server who never frowned or was rude  he was completely upbeat and knew  the menu.   The corn beef hash had no flavor and the the eggs were over cooked.   The potatoes my friend got were the last crumbs and she didn't get any real potato.  The saving grace was the amazing server and dessert.
4	Can you say frozeeeeen hot chocolate?? The frozen hot chocolate is so yummy!! Last year on four square if you check in, you can get a coupon for a free frozen hot chocolate if you spend $10+ and have your total rewards card! I don't know if that promo is still going on for this year...Anyways, the prices here are fair... a little on the pricier side, but not bad for what you get. As far as other food... it's pretty good, but not the greatest. Portions are about average, kind of small for the price. Sometimes food here can take a long time to come out. The wait for a table can get pretty long sometimes... but there is a to-go window if you prefer that. I've never ordered from there before though. Service here isn't the greatest, but it's not bad either. Personally, I would come here just for the frozen hot chocolate. There are many different flavors. I always get the coffee one and it's never disappointed me.
4	This place is cool...really cool spin on how old traditional meals are prepared.  Tourisity , kindve expensive...but the portions are huge and the food is delicious...so...its a win win.
2	it was ok
2	BBQ burger was ok at best. Nothing spectacular. Everything seems overpriced. They offer a burger and frozen hot chocolate at $25, so that's what I got, considering I was only coming just for the frozen hot chocolate and a regular size is $11. I also was able to try the steak sandwich, which was amazing but super messy and difficult to eat as a sandwich. Service was mediocre even though the restaurant wasn't busy. But the frozen Oreo hit chocolate was absolutely to die for!! All in all, come here just for the frozen hot chocolate. Don't waste your money on the food.
4	Oreo Frozen Hot Chocolate is great! Get 3 of them!
5	I'm surprised by the bad reviews. We were seated immediately on a Sunday for brunch and had excellent service through out. Everyone at the table ordered something different and everything was wonderful. I ordered the fried eggs Benedict and it was the best breakfast I've ever had. I expected the price since it's a more touristy spot. Would definitely come back!
1	Food was terrible. The chicken wraps are almost inedible. Crab and artichoke dip was missing one ingredient, CRAB!Ordered a tex mex chicken salad, took two bites and couldn't eat any more. Ordered decaf coffee and I think it was from yesterday. Don't waste your money...unless you are going for dessert. It looked amazing.
1	The worst customer service EVER! No one smiles. No one goes out of their way to make the experience nice. We had to wait for our party to arrive so the waitress suggested that we wait by the bar. Then the bartender told us we had to leave because we didn't want to drink until the rest of our party arrived. The food was ok. Nothing special. The only things that made the trip to this restaurant worth it was the dessert. We had fried Oreos and they were divine. Overall I'd give this place half a star if I could.
2	It's more of a novelty coming here especially if you want the Frozen Hot Chocolate. My friend and I split the FHC for $15. There are far better desserts to buy on the strip, even at 5 star restaurants, for that price and less. Something to consider.To sum it up, the drink is an iced chocolatey drink. It's pretty decent although if you're really into it, there's an exact knock off of this recipe listed on food network. Google it. You're welcome. The whipped cream on top was delicious, almost my favorite part of the drink. It's about a 1:1 ratio iced chocolate drink to cream. Before we dove in, my friend mentioned she should have asked them for no whipped cream. Excuse me? Who are you? The chocolate chips that topped off the drink were not good at all. The worst I've ever tried but the rest of the drink made up for it. All in all, I tried it and I'm done and I have no interest in ever getting it again.
4	Since Caesar's is one of my favorite casinos, I love coming here to eat.The food here is amazing. The ahi tuna salad knocked my socks off (I was actually shocked how fresh the ahi was) and their desserts are heavenly. The frozen hot chocolate is definitely one for your bucket list!Our waiter, Brian, was super friendly, entertaining and funny and made great suggestions on the menu. Like any restaurant on the strip, it's always a bit crowded, so if you plan on a sit down, plan ahead. Expect the service to be a bit slow because of the heavy traffic.My main complaint is about the seating inside. The chairs were sooooooo uncomfortable. I found myself shifting around just to try to enjoy my meal. They seriously look and feel like they came out of a McDonald's. My ass hurt at the end of our dinner. Next time I'm opting for ordering at the window and sitting on the concrete benches outside, which is a shame cause the wall decor inside was cool. Dear manager: for the love of god please change these!!!!!!!
5	amazing i love the drinks on friday i go for the specials:)
4	I come here for one thing. The Deep fried Oreo cookie Sunday. 5 deep fried Oreo's, super premium cookies and cream ice cream, homemade hot fudge, marshmallow sauce, whipped cream. I like to add peanut butter sauce to mine. I COULD eat all of it, but have always shared it. It is big enough for 2. At $15 one would balk, but this is truly a masterpiece of a dessert. I have tried the frozen hot chocolate and it's good, but tastes like something you can get at any coffee joint. I have seen much of the food from here and it all looks good. Those onion ring stacks are impressive. The 4 stars is for the Deep fried Oreo cookie Sunday only.
2	Overpriced crap.
2	I didn't want to give a not-so-stellar review...but it was too easy. EVERYTHING fellow yelpers say is true. SLOW service. We sat at our table for over 15 minutes before I stopped someone to find out who our server was. ANNOYING. I am a server so I'm pretty lenient, but this was unacceptable. The fish tank? GONE! Might wanna put that in somewhere on the website. The whole reason we went there and my nephew was heartbroken :(  Ice cream for 4 kids and 1 round of cocktails for 4 adults....$$$$$$  PASS!
1	OMG, way way overrated!!! It was really that bad that I couldn't even remember what was ordered. I got some kind of ice cream and it was expensive!! I rather eat gelato somewhere else.
3	Bring a friend to share the desserts. Or two friends. You'll need 'em. Btw, if you're feeling really crazy, there's a 100 USD treasure chest of sweets.....Omg, I was so tempted.
2	When my boyfriend and I went to Vegas for the first time, I was so excited to finally eat here. While he went out gambling one night, I treated myself to dinner.After being seated at a two-top by myself, I waited for approximately fifteen minutes before ANYONE stopped. No menu, no drink order, nothing. His first words to me were "Oh, are you here by yourself?!" He was apologetic and said he was just sure I was waiting for someone. Finally, he said he'd be my date for the night.I love banter, and normally this would have been great, but something upset me about him constantly insinuating that there was something wrong with me for eating alone. Surely that can't be that uncommon in Vegas.My dinner was lackluster. I ordered a chicken and pasta dish and was not even remotely impressed. This is not to say it was bad by any means! I just expected it to taste better than the Olive Garden. I understand this is a restaurant geared towards dessert, so that's fine. I had a drink called something like "Alcoholic Girl Scout Cookie" and it was good. I never would have guessed that there was alcohol in it, because I couldn't taste it and it did nothing for me. Oh well.I remember dessert being fine. Nothing that wowed me, as I can't even remember what I had.Overall? You're definitely paying for the experience and being able to tell your friends you've eaten here. I still think it's a fun restaurant to stop into, but don't waste your money on dinner, focus on booze and sugar.And if you're eating by yourself, you should probably just order your drink straight from the bar.
3	I was a bit disappointed. The best thing about this place was the frozen hot chocolate. The sweet potato fries which were $1 extra were stale and not fresh! The frozen hot chocolate was a bit pricey as we got the $15 one for 2 which didn't seem that big to me. The decor was a bit mixed, although I do understand they are going through construction right now. The pizza I ordered was good but nothing to go crazy about. I might come back just for the frozen hot chocolate.
4	We had the oreo frozen hot chocolate (the smaller one was enough for two of us) and the nachos. I love that the nachos had both regular melted cheese AND nacho cheese poured all over the chips. Definitely something unique that I have never seen and they were delicious. The rest of the food coming out looked good, I see a lot of bad reviews on here but it all looked and smelled tasty. The portions are definitely huge, so share if you can. I would definitely go back here in a heartbeat!
4	I don't know why the reviews are low but me and husband had a good experience. We were on the waiting list and they texted us when our table was ready. Our waitress was friendly food and drinks was yummy especially the frozen hot chocolate. We got the peanut butter one and it tasted like I was drinking a resses pieces. Yum
3	I'm here to recommend you get the B.E.C. burger! It's gigantic, but oh so tasty to help cure whatever pains you inflicted on yourself the night before. This burger cures hangovers, both the alcoholic as well as monetary ones. At $16 it's a pretty good value for the general money-destroying restaurants in Las Vegas. The place gets busy but you can always order out or run into Caesar's to pass the time.
2	Came here w a group of friends after dinner for dessert, all we ordered was ice cream and it took FOREVER for them to bring it out... I had the caramel sundae and it was really good... our server was really nice but it was ridiculous that we had to wait 30mins for ice cream... I would've left but it was my friends birthday and she really wanted to come here so I was being a good sport about it ...
5	great food and service
4	I loved this place!
4	First time at a Serendipity. Last time I was in NY I wanted to check it out but it didn't happen so I finally got to try out the one in LV. The frozen hot chocolate is a MUST! The food was okay but overpriced. Probably would only return for dessert.
3	It was wonderful. I suggest getting the Mac and cheese with bacon, that's really great and filling. The burgers are okay but the service is nice and their drinks are impressive
1	I wanted to see what all the hype was about, so I went to this cute little spot right off the strip and took a chance - the food was bland and meh! Service was pretty basic and lousy - my cocktail was so bad I had to send it back.......I wish I just ordered dessert and a frozen hot chocolate, but I couldn't get to dessert because I lost my appetite with dinner/cocktail/service. Thank you - I'll pass next time - too many good spots in Vegas to hit up! Not my cup of tea, but the stripes on the walls were pretty at least!
1	Overpriced.. Very very rude cashier.. Never coming back to this place. Such a bad service and the food is not even good. Smh
4	This is a fun place with yummy, diner style  food.  The staff is quite friendly and patient as you decide which comfort burger you prefer. I like that you do not have to go into a casino to eat.
4	My wife and I really enjoyed this place. Yes, it is a novelty restaurant selling $15 Sundaes and $11 "frozen" hot chocolates. It's exactly the kind if place that I would normally despise. However, I'll admit, Serendipity 3 was my favorite part of my recent trip to Vegas. The food was very good. We split a flat bread pizza and a Marshmallow Grasshopper Hot Fudge Sundae and they were both delicious. The staff was friendly and our server was professional and clearly knew the menu like the back of his hand. The atmosphere is really unique. While everything else on the strip tries to out high-end-hipster-cool everything else, Serendipity 3 is a true departure.  It feels like a Fantasy Land tea party with footlong hotdogs and great ice cream (trust me, I meant that in a good way). We will definitely go back.
5	I love this place. The food, that atmosphere; amazing. I had a lot of fun with the party I went with. It may be a little pricey but their portions is pretty big. Their desserts is to die for. I am not a sweet tooth kind of gal, but I absolutely loved what I ordered.
4	This was our second time visiting this place. Last time the service was horrible, the food was good, but what brought us back was the dessert. We gave it a second try, and the food was good, service was great, and the frozen hot chocolate was so delicious. We got the frozen hot chocolate with almonds, and we liked it better than the peanut butter one. I have it four stars because the food is not as good as the dessert. My burger was dry, a bit flavorless, but the bacon was just right. The fries are seasoned better than well. The hot dogs are okay, but the pizza is amazing. Next time we will just stop by for the dessert, since the food is over priced for what it is.
2	I went a few days ago with my sister and two cousins. We were seated inside because it was windy.The place was kind of small, although the ceiling was high, it felt tight to get around. The decor was a little lost, like they didn't know where to go with it and right when you walk in, to your right is a souvenir shop that I didn't think needed to be there.For being on the Strip and with its name, me and my family expected more. The service was okay for it being busy. We ordered the regular sized frozen hot chocolate for $11 (Sharing for-two size it's $14) in original and oreo flavored. I didn't care for the original,  and although the oreo tasted good, I felt that this was something I could knock off at home (by just melting ice cream and blending it with ice and milk...) We also ordered the sliders off the appetizer section, it was pretty darn expensive for three, two-bite sized burgers at $14. Overall I think this place is just a "come once and say you have gone place."
3	This was our first time going and I heard great reviews. We got seated right away which was nice because it was kind of busy. It took awhile for us to get service. Once we did we ordered a frozen hot chocolate which was to die for. We also ordered the veggie burger and meatball pizza. The veggie burger completely fell apart and had a bland taste, the meatball pizza was ok but hardly any meat on it. The waiter never refilled our water and he hardly came by our table. We even saw two groups of people get up and walk out because of lack of service. All together it was an experience but not one I wish to repeat. We will however be going to the To-Go counter for more frozen hot chocolate tomorrow!
2	Service was good, however, Denny's makes better food than this place..ordered ribs, was pretty dry. They tried to plate it nicely but it looked more like a hot mess. Not worth $22. Also had fetuccini Alfredo pasta, pasta was over cooked. Sauce taste like canned sauce... Do they care how they serve their food here? Wasn't too impressed with the frozen hot chocolate either. Outside patio sitting area is pretty dirty as well. Not coming back here..
2	You come because you want to acquire bragging rights and say you've eaten here; however, there's nothing to brag about. The overpriced food is comparable to Denny's, it's crowded, the wait for the food is egregiously long and service was ok. At least I hung out with my friends. Go to the Cheesecake Factory inside the Forum Shops instead.
3	This is place is off the charts C U T E !!!I went here with my best friend for a quick casual dinner, mainly to try the infamous frozen hot chocolate.We both got salads and they were pretty average, but good.The service is out of control though, our waitress was everywhere. I felt bad for her because she seemed so frantic to accommodate everyone.The frozen hot chocolate basically tastes like a wendys frosty but with a more malted aftertaste. I'll go back the next time I'm in vegas for another frozen hot chocolate ( probably will share between 2 people)  because serendipity is so cute!
3	This place is a little pricy and it's pretty busy as well. Without reservation you will probably have to wait for a while. Mm I would suggest the frozen hot chocolate- that is a must try! You don't have to get anything else but you have to get this frozen hot chocolate!
4	Love the desserts at this place! I come here for a visit every time I come to vegas. The food is decent and the service was better this time than it was the last time. But what irked me was the restaurant had inside seating, patio seating, and a large additional outdoor seating - all with many empty tables but I had to wait 15 min for a table of four. Many other parties were waiting around as well.Once I was seated though, ice cream melts away my irritation. Always.
1	Was so excited to come try out the food for my 21st birthday an was extremely beyond disappointed. The service was terrible the guy at the windows answer to my 2 questions about the food I was ordering were simply "I don't know". Then I got my 13 dollar fries an hot dog that I ended up throwing away because the bread was so stale an dry I literally have never had bread that stale ever it was gross an me being as pissed off as I was lost my appetite an threw it all away no point in eating something that gross anyways. I don't recommend this place at all I give it -5 stars never been to a place this terrible ever.
2	When I come to Vegas, I make it a point to stop by Serendipity, mostly for the Frozen Hot Chocolate. This time, I also grabbed some breakfast. Strawberry frozen hot chocolate was not as good as the original, but that should be a given. $11 for a single serving of that. My Central Park omelette (egg white, spinach, Swiss cheese, and avocado) was just ehh.. Not very good for $14. But of course, it's on the strip and prices are raised, and taking into account it's on the Caesars Palace lot, prices will be high. Wait time was estimated at 45 min - 1 hour, but we were seated in 10 minutes outside, which was perfect
2	My breakfast tab alone was 75 bucks. The mimosas were 14 dollars each and teeny tiny. They need to let people know this. The food was meh. I get that its the strip, but there is a limit one can take.
3	I am reminded when I write reviews that just because a restaurant is famous for a couple or one of their items on the menu, that not everything on the menu is going to be spectacular. If only that was the case, I'm sure more restaurants would get a higher rating. With that being said, I like many yelpers absolutely LOVE and came for the frozen hot chocolate. My fiance (att) and I decided to start our strip journey by grabbing food at Serendipity and ordered the small frozen hot chocolate (that is perfect for two people, possibly a third depending on how much you eat) and a flatbread pizza that came with ricotta cheese and meatballs. Boy we're we disappointed with our main dish! There was nothing special or anything that stuck out about the crust of the pizza or the cheese/sauce, but the big disappointment was the meatball and combination of ricotta cheese. We had eaten a combination of pizza like this before at a different restaurant, which is why we choose to go with this pizza, but it could not have been a more bland taste. I believe we only got one meatball on the whole pizza. Granted, the pizza isn't very big (more like an app.), but the meatball was sliced and lacked flavor. If I had eaten the meatball alone, with my eyes closed, I wouldn't have even guessed it was meatball! The ricotta also made the pizza taste even more bland and I think we were given huge dollops of it, because they skimped out on the meatball, but with it lacking taste, I guess it didn't matter. I was very regretful that I didn't order the chicken nachos, once I took a bite of the pizza. But the service was great. Even though it was busy, our waitress was very attentive and made sure our waters were filled up. My fiance HATES to waste food, but this was the first time that he didn't mind leaving the rest of the pizza behind. The price of the pizza definitely did not match up to the taste. I'm going to make sure and only order the chicken nachos and a FHC next time I go!
3	If you want a frozen hot chocolate GO. If you're hungry-- skip! Unfortunately there food just isn't good. But man their desserts are! Go for dessert-- all desserts are over the top. Very pricey though.
2	This place is really nothing special. There's a better place that serves this in OC but since everyone raves about Serendipity 3, I was prepare to be blown away. Well, I wasn't. I stayed right in my spot. We got the original frozen hot chocolate. The portion was quite small and I felt like I was sipping on sweet powder. The only thing that stood out was our server, Jason. Shout out to Jason! He was very attentive and funny. We wanted to try the green tea frozen hot chocolate and he warned us it wasn't good. We asked for a sample before ordering and he happily obliged.
3	While we knew going in that this place was famous for desert, we still expected some decent food. After a reasonable wait for a table- it is cool that they text you when your table is ready - we sat at a very cramped table in a VERY loud room and waited some more. We were HUNGRY and immediately ordered nachos as a app. The waitress told us that the kitchen was very busy so it might be a while. She, unfortunately, was right. How hard is it to get nachos out quickly! Half an hour is a bit ridiculous! My husband's burger was big and cooked correctly, my son's chicken sandwich (I can't remember exactly what it was) was also large, but unmemorable. My Italian pesto pizza, also big, but not much flavor.Now on to the desert we had been waiting for. Bring on the frozen hot chocolate! Our server was nice enough to put a candle in it to celebrate our 14 year-old's birthday, although my son wouldn't let us sing :(  And..............nothing special. It tasted like a Wendy's frosty to me. The two person serving was not very large, and most of it was whipped cream. The whipped cream was tasty, but there was so much!Expensive but disappointing. At least we can say we have been there now.
4	I didn't know what think about this place, it seemed kind of girly but I really liked it! I tired a meatball sub and a pizza and would recommend it to anymore. It is a little pricey so if your looking for something cheap don't bother. The service was great and so was the food. I'll be coming back here again.
4	Huge portions, expensive, service was ok. Just order main meal and nothing else because you wont be able to finish everything. Take my word for it, im a fat guy.
2	Always a million-hour wait (dinner time or later) and gummy ice cream. Everything LOOKS fab, but meh. If I ever go through a horrific breakup and need to punish myself with food I'll go here and get a cookie sundae and cry in it.
5	Awesome Place - Great Fun - and who does not like chocolate.....LOLGreat sandwiches to boot!
1	If I was more loaded this would have been ok but being sober...umm no. It took a super long time and I ordered off the eat on the run menu. My sweet potato fries were chewy and cold and my corn dog was ridiculously hot. Will remember not to go there next time.
5	one of my favorite dessert spots in vegas!!!!! if you haven't been you must go
4	We've been to Serendipity several times & overall, I am a fan of it.  The portions are a good size to share with others, the pricing isn't too bad when you share (on your own it can be spendy but what place isn't on the strip?) & the food is of great quality.  My favorites include the Frozen Hot Chocolate (all varieties had are yummy!), the macaroni & cheese, the salmon, the spaghetti & the  best dessert - the deep fried oreos.  Soooo, so good.
4	Awesome place for a casual date night. Amazing ice-creams and tasty appetizers. I'm not a fan of the price but I can over look that for a special occasion.
3	I gave them 3 stars because I need to go back to find a better dessert.  All the reviews have some good things to say about the dessert and I am always looking for good desserts.  I asked the waitress which dessert has peanut butter.  I didn't taste much peanut butter.  The dessert was a mess of flavors and basically reminded me of a pig's trough.  So far not impressed with the dessert or the wait-staff's knowledge of the menu to give recommendations.WIll update when I get around to wanting some dessert.
4	Awesome little place to eat. Their frozen hot chocolate of course is a must to any meal. The onion rings were good, the pesto pasta was great. But the crab salad was the best! So good!
3	Known for the frozen hot chocolate. Recommend to get the frozen hot chocolate To-Go so you get more frozen hot chocolate, also avoids the wait for getting a table. Felt there was more whip cream versus the actual drink when we did the order for sit down.
4	This was a fun restaurant to visit!  Great customer service from every waiter that passed us by and the food was great!  The portions were pretty big, especially for the yummy desserts.  The only reason I took away a star was because the seating is kinda cramped so you have to carefully weave your way through the restaurant and play bumper chairs if you're seated next to the wall.  They do have seating outside, but this restaurant has been busy every time I passed by, so we settled for a semi-cramped table inside.  The missing star is also due to the prices, then again, this place is on the strip so that is expected.  Other than that, I totally recommend Serendipity for couples, families, and friends.
2	This was the second time I came to this place. My first experience was okay, it wasn't what I thought it would be. My 12 yr old and her friends loved their frozen hot chocolates but didn't finish them because it was too sweet and a bit pricey. My second experience was not a good experience at all. If it wasn't my hubby's friends who wanted to try this restaurant, I would've pick somewhere else. The place was dirty and it seemed like the staff didn't really like working there. My friend had ask to have her burger cut in half when she placed the order and was not cut so when the food came she told the waiter that she asked to have the burger cut in half. The waiter rudely said he'll get a knife (his demeanor was so rude like we were asking for the world), also same waiter, when he came to bring my order which was the worst pasta I've ever tasted (shrimp pesto pasta $20), he handed the plate to me and said it's hot. Yes, it was very hot since he had a  linen cloth to hold the plate and I didn't. It seemed like it just came out from the microwave oven. My pasta was not good at all, I wanted to throw up and not "fresh" like it said on the menu. Yes, I should've known, it's a desert place, but I was hungry and it was dinner time and didn't want the pizza or burger. So I ended up taking some of my hubby's cheeseburger which was good. I should've changed my order to something else but didn't want my food to get spit at. Anyway, if you come to experience this place, I suggest only order the frozen hot chocolates since it's what they're famous for and the cheeseburger.
5	Love love love this place. The frozen hot chocolate is yummy! Great fun to sit out on the patio at night and people watch while dining!
1	My girlfriends who traveled and visited Las Vegas for bachelorette parties always bragged about this place. I think this place is pretty and very girly but nothing special about the food. I begged my boyfriend to take me here and we only shared the cookies and cream sundae. It's good but taste like a milkshake! I rather sit on the couch and buy a big blue bell carton tub and share it with my boyfriend. There's plenty of other gorgeous places with better food. Oh yeah, if you're a fan of the show "Tanked" on Animal planet and coming here to look for the gumball fish tank, it's not here anymore. I read somewhere in the summer it got too hot and the fish got fried. Ouch! Poor fishies.
4	Great, large menu. Fun drinks. A great stop when you just want to munch and drink! David M was our server and he was AWESOME. :-)Those onion rings were stellar.
3	This place is good if you are with kids...or your fiance acts like a kid.  Either way you cannot go wrong.  Prices are a little steep, but look at where you are.  Did you think the chocolate shake would cost 99 cents?Stick with the sweets.  Maybe venture into the french fries type stuff....but do not go for much of anything else.  If you want pizza then go to Spago.  If you want Southwestern food then go to Mesa Grill.  If you want a burger then go to Mesa Grill, Bobby's Burger Palace, or Fat Burger.BUT!  If you want something sweet stop here.  Try and sit outside as well because it is extremely loud inside.  Also...count how many low riders and hydraulic cars you see.  For some reason they always start their southern migration when I visit Serendipity.  I guess they drive south on the strip for the night and hibernate at Tropicana (probably the only affordable hotel after splurging on the car).
4	Love hate relationship with this place. I loooove the food here and it's always fun to people watch all the tourists visiting but I hate the fact that it's on the strip. I usually park at the forum shops and walk all the way through the mall, casino and towards the strip to get here. Totally worth it but such an inconvenience. Oh and there is always a wait. Not too bad but it's torture during the summer when it's 120 degrees outside!I recently came here for restaurant week. They had a three course menu (drink, entree and dessert) for lunch at $20. I got the chocolaccino, hangover omelette and the frrrozen hot chocolate shot with an Oreo mousse cookie. It was way too much food but all so yummy. My friends and I also got a mimosa each. It was overpriced! $14 for a tiny glass. Definitely a mistake but oh well. Our waitress was such an awesome lady. She was super stoked to see we were locals and kept thanking us for coming out for restaurant week. I loved it! The only reason I didn't give all 5 stars is because of the inconvenience. I wish they would make another one that's not so touristy!
4	Be prepared to have thousands of calories in your delicious meal.
2	I was really looking forward to trying this place out and while the dessert I ordered was pretty good, the service was horrible.First off, it seemed like a good while until we were seated, even though the place didn't really look that crowded at all. And then, as soon as we were seated, it took FOREVER for a server to come to our table. Well, after that we did order some desserts. I ordered the Frozen Hot Chocolate because I had to try it while my mom ordered some kind of sundae with Deep Fried Oreos on top. As I said before, the desserts were pretty good. Especially the oreos. I've never tasted something so good before. I will say though, I did hear that the Frozen Hot Chocolate was supposed to be warm AND cold at the same time, hence the name, but it all tasted like a milkshake. I mean, it was still good, but I was a bit disappointed in that tiny bit about it.Well, not only did it seem like our waiter completely forgot about us while we ate, it took forever for him to show up after we were finished eating so we could get the check. And then, it took him a good while again to come back and deliver our final receipt. Look, I would say to go to this place to try out the Frozen Hot Chocolate or some other dessert, but just be prepared about the service. Or not. Maybe they fixed that. I don't know.
4	This was such a fun place to eat. We went here before a concert we were going to see at Caesars Palace and loved it. The service was fast and courteous and the food was fantastic. I got a hamburger which was phenomenal and my wife chose a pasta dish which she loved so much she insists we return. The cherry on top of this great visit was experiencing the Frooozen Hot Choclate. This is by far one of the best non-alchoholic frozen beverages I have ever had. It is well worth the $15 price tag. Whether you are a Las Vegas local or just visiting, this is a fun and great place to eat. We will be back!
1	This place is a royal rip off. Because of the location on The Strip, they get by with mediocre bar food for entrees, poor service, and a snobby attitude, and at a Las Vegas Premium Price. Deserts are decent, but stay away from the main courses. You can do a lot better.Be prepared for a long wait, as well. If this place were in any other location, it would have been closed a long time ago. However, as long as there are young college kids, who have Dad's money to spend, and don't care about price, it will continue to flourish.
1	First time here and the service was horrible. Once we sat down it took 45mins to get out food and my food was cold. Talk to management and she straight up blamed the kitchen saying they are doing a menu change. No excuses my food was cold. The food was good so it gets one star.
1	I do not understand what the big deal is.  Horrible food, not seasoned, moronic waitstaff and horrendous atmosphere and decor.  Don't waste your time or money.  We had breakfast and the Huevos ranchero was compared to tasting like Taco Bell.  My egg sandwich needed salt and pepper and we never saw our server.Sugar Factory across the street offers similar food that taste better, plus good customer service.
2	I'm not a dessert or chocolate person, but my friends and I just decided to go because none of us have been here. We ordered from the outside and of course tried the frozen hot chocolate. Eh, not sure what's so special. I also had the coffee with nutmeg and cinnamon... Ehhh. I didn't even drink a fourth of it. Not sure how their food is, but really wasn't impressed with what we had. I might go again to try their food, but it definitely wouldn't be my 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, or 5th choice....
3	The food was good but not as good as we expected, especially the deserts at the price they ask for them. We went twice during our trip to try different things and both times the food was good but not great.
2	This place is over-hyped with poor customer service and average food. We were excited to take family there to experience the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. Indoors was a 30-45 min wait, with an emphasis on minimum of 30 min so we opted for the front patio area. We asked if they could turn on the heat lamps but they were completely out of propane per the hostess and manager. Ok. We endured the slight chill. If we asked if we could also put our name in for a table indoors, the hostess told us in a very condescending tone that if we wanted indoors, then we had to get out of our seats and wait in the waiting area.... And that we had to make up our minds as there was another party that could use our seats. Lovely. So we stayed outside. Five minutes later we see them light up the heat lamp that was next to the hostess and by the other large party.  Propane shortage over? No, just for them. Fantastic. Anyway so our party of 8 ordered and still enjoyed our time together. The food took over 20-30 min. The desserts came out first. By the end of our meal, we left a standard tip and went back to gambling. The next day as i was thinking about how much I paid, I realized that the total and subtotal has a $40 difference and tax isn't THAT much. They automatically added the gratuity. Ugh. While I realize this is somewhat standard, I wish the waitress would have been nice enough to remind/inform us. If the management says "well it's written on the menu", have you seen the size of their giant menu packed with choices and illustrations and tidbits??? Suffice to say, we clearly did not intend to give her  such a nice tip. Hope she and the staff there pay it forward. All in all, it's an experience. Try it at least once but don't expect great service. There are a ton of choices and everything is big enough to share. Grilled cheese with a side of tomato bisque is great for cheese lovers.
3	Wait was about 30 minutes on a Friday evening about 4 pm.. Service was fine. Food is good. Crab/Artichoke dip was awesome. Sundaes are GREAT. $15 is overpriced for a Sundae...but the place is fun. I would come back. Make a reservation because the place got packed while we were there.
2	I don't get what's all the hype about...I went there for brunch with my family..we waited for an hour.Our waitress was super rude that made me wanna punch her (of course I did not!). My friend told me to try their hot dog, but they didn't have it during the brunch time. So if you want to try the hot dog, just order at the express/to-go outside.I would not want to waste my time waiting for this place again..
3	The frozen hot chocolate is good, but not great. Reminds me of the mocha frappuchinos I used to get from Baskin Robbins as a kid. Pricey, but worth it if you're in sweltering heat at the Las Vegas strip.
2	I only came here because everyone acts like it's so great. 3 words: waste of moneyOver $20 for 1 frozen hot chocolate and 1 white frozen hot chocolate. Honestly they aren't that great. A regular old milkshake is a 100 times better. We could only finish about half of our drinks before it got way too sweet and had to throw it out.
3	This review is only for their frozen hot chocolate.  We didn't try any of their other food.  Everyone was hyping it to me, but quite honestly, it's a $12 Frosty.  Tasted exactly like a chocolate milkshake, and frankly we both weren't that impressed.  It's ok, but not worth the hype and definitely not worth the price!
1	A bottle of water cost me 7 dollars here. SEVEN DOLLARS.I'm sure everything is delicious or whatever but SEVEN DOLLARS. wtf.
4	Great customer service, fun specialty drinks and menu items but way overpriced. Great view so I guess that's what you're paying for.
3	Just ok.  Its a basic place with normal american food... salad, pastas, burgers, etc.  Good if you don't know where to go or appreciate your large chain restaurants.  I'm not crazy about their desserts... too sweet without any excitement.  However, its in a great location so if you're walking around the strip its a great place to have a late night snack.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but if you nearby... its easy and convenient.
5	The food here is yummy! Grilled cheese sandwich is my favorite. It's a big, thick sandwich I can only eat 1/2....then it's left overs! Their potato skins are delicious, along with their cold hot chocolate....they have a great size to share with a friend. Few times I've been it has always been busy. I have gotten in quicker with reservations ahead of time. It's best to valet on the side (off of Flamingo, VIP valet)  of Ceasar's & you have a short walk thru the hotel to the outside. There's a lot of people watching around the area. One time I'm going to ask to sit outside that faces the strip side. They have lots of sweet treats to try, but by the time I'm done with my main meal I'm too full to order one. I've been lucky to try someone else's for a taste! Everything I've had is delicious. They also have a tiny gift shop on the wall of things you can buy...,..including their cold, hot chocolate! It's def worth the price & trip to try them out! The menu is huge!!!!
3	I feel like everyone has to go to serendipity at least once to say they've been there. The offerings here are alright, but not worth the price. We came for dessert only (didn't see any need to try their savory offerings given what I read on yelp) and it was alright. Nothing extraordinary, but definitely a fun experience to check off my Vegas to-do list.Frozen hot chocolate is exactly what you'd expect and fun to share with all your girlfriends. The sundaes are pretty hefty as well, the lookie lookie gimme cookie sundae was pretty yummy. I think if I ever go again it'd be out of convenience.
3	I only come here for the frozen hot chocolate. There is usually a long line so be prepared to wait, especially on the weekends and summer time. I like that they have a to go window, makes life easier. I've had the food here too, but I think I'll stick to the ice cream and frozen hot chocolate. The food is ok, not the best thing. I usually eat somewhere else, a nice high end restaurant. Afterwards, I'll stroll into this place and have dessert! They're in the middle of a renovation, it's March 22, 2014, so maybe by this summer they'll be better equipped to handle the summer time volume.
2	It is over priced..Staffs are not friendly and all foods are salty as typical buffet restaurant.The Makino provides much better service and food.Very dissapointed....
2	So i went to this place for my birthday... my expectations were set high and sadly it did not meet. I assumed the meals would be large in portions and the prices to me neutral but was the complete opposite. The food was not that good especially for the prices. I did enjoy the decor though! ALSO the "frozen hot chocolate" was a let down i expected different.
4	Every time I've been to Serendipity 3 I am very pleased with my food. Last time I was there, I got a veggie burger and fries. Their frozen hot chocolate is delicious and big enough to share with a couple people.
3	I got that one sandwich on a huge baguette with steak and 3 sunny side up eggs. Like... how can you go wrong? It was delicious, then again I'm an egg slut so anything eggy gets me whet. (my appetite, sickos) anyways, frozen hot chocolate is always a winner, how can you say no? But it's a tourist trap, so beware. The food there is not really terrible, but it's not great.  If I were to go again, I'd just eat before hand and just get the frozen drink!
4	The first and best frozen hot chocolate I've ever had! :)My friends and I lined up for the take-out line and did not sit at the restaurant. Ordered the frozen hot chocolate, but it took a while for them to make it! :(Anyways, the frozen hot chocolate was AMAZING. It is basically what the name is.. cold and refreshing version of a hot chocolate with whipped cream and tiny chocolate chips!Will be back again.... but the price is kinda ehh... $11?
1	I have been looking forward to trying this place for a long time now. And with a girl trip to Vegas for my birthday, what better place to go to have my birthday dessert. What a huge mistake!! It was by far the worst service I have ever had and what makes it so bad is we only had dessert. First off, we waited about 20 minutes for our waiter to take our drink order, then another 10 for that to be served to us and then another 30 minutes for our desserts to come out. To top it off the dessert wasn't even that amazing. But what made it such a bad experience, I mean enough for me to write a review because I don't ever write reviews but this one I couldn't let go. The wait staff, they were horrible, no customer service skills what so ever. As we're sitting there waiting for our bill, the waiter finally comes to give it to us. Then sitting there waiting for him to take it, we see him clearing off other tables and taking dishes to the back and he doesn't come back out. So I flag a waiter down and ask him if he could get out waiter, which he said he would. Still no sign of him. So I finally walk up front to the hostess and ask him can we please pay our bill, we've been sitting there waiting for 30 minutes. He says he will get our waiter. Still no sign. Then we ask another waiter and finally he takes our bill to the back and gives it to our server. Finally 10 minutes he walks out with our credit card slips. Guess what bud no tip for you!! That was by far the worst experience in a restaurant that I have ever had!!! Never again will I go there or allow any of my family or friends to go there either
3	TERRIBLE service! We love the atmosphere and the food here, but I have to say, they are the WORST staff I've experienced in all of Las Vegas. The first time we went, we had good service that turned bad once our waiter found out we weren't eating, just having the frozen hot chocolate ($15). (We were no longer worth his time.) Then the 2nd time we went in a group, all eating and drinking. Well first of all, one in our group tried to order a Cherry Limeade, and the waitress said "no, we don't have those". I suggested to her that perhaps her bartender could make one since it's only soda water, lime juice and cherry syrup. She looked at me like I was nuts, and didn't even offer to ask the bartender. We sat there in awkward silence until the person who tried to order it said, that's ok, I'll have a Cherry Pepsi instead. THEN I noticed that each time any of us got up from our table to walk the LONG journey to the disgusting outdoor/public bathrooms, whenever there was a clogged/crowded walkway through the restaurant, the STAFF would push through first and not let the customer walk through first. It's common courtesy to let others walk through a small space before you, and when you're the staff and a customer is waiting to get through, you should let the customer through first. I found many of the staff to be very rude in this way. They would even drop doors on the faces of their customers when going out to the patio. I have really never seen so many rude staff members in one establishment before. We also waited forever for our food which was served one person/plate at a time, and then waited forever for our waitress to deal with our check. She was also very rude about us splitting the bill on different credit cards. I was really disappointed in this experience because I really love the food there. I'm now not sure I'd go back.
3	This place doesn't really have good food but I only come here for dessert. They always have a long line so you can just go to the take out window and order to go. I love the frozen hot chocolate. I tried the Oreo one but it wasn't that good so I recommend just getting the regular plain frozen hot chocolate.
2	Note:  this review is pretty much solely for Serendipity's most famous item - the frozen hot chocolate drink.  I ordered it through their take-out window on the strip.Overhyped and overpriced.  I've seen this place on various food and travel shows for years, but that frozen hot chocolate just isn't worth it.  While most of Las Vegas is comically overpriced, this fits the bill with what is essentially a chocolate milk shake costing you ELEVEN DOLLARS.  Is it really any better than a really good milkshake somewhere else?  No, it is not.  Because I'm an ice cream pig, I had a Ben & Jerry's shake earlier in the day (don't judge me), and that overpriced $7 shake was still better than this.  It's just plain nothing special.  Like much of Vegas, it's a hyped up novelty with little substance to it.
4	This review is pretty much just for the frozen hot chocolate I tried and all the delicious looking food around me as I ate it.  I had the peanut butter one and as a peanut butter fanatic it was soooo good!I also tried their walk up ordering outside and I was less than impressed with everything there.  If you go, go inside and order a frozen hot chocolate!  It is a bit pricey though
2	I've heard a lot of good things about this but I wasn't impressed. I went during lunch to the outdoor portion. I think the food was overpriced. I think I paid 11 bucks for just an average salad. They have outdoor seating but there was bird poop on all the seats and the birds fly everywhere while you eat. I'd still like to try the frozen hot chocolate, but other than that I don't plan on going back.
1	Food wise:The one stars for the frozen hot chocolate, which was the best part of the whole visit.Staff wise: Worse customer service I have yet to experience.
4	We usually stop by here when in vegas  and try something different each time  we go.The deserts of course are what people come for and they are pretty good most of them anyway. But they have some really good food and its in really huge portions.Last time we had the deep fried orea sundae which was pretty good except they made the deep fried oreos to crispy with what ever cereal they rolled it in.  They tend not to bring the desert right out after it is made which leaves it a little on the dethawed side which i wish they didnt quite do but oh well.This place had good food and desserts and the pricing is very good too. Can't wait to try something new next time.  Also can't wait to sit outside and enhoy the area cause it is actulaly quiter outside than inside even though it is on the strip.
3	Great desserts, but overpriced of course due to the name.Breakfast portions are absolutely HUGE so be prepared to share! The frozen hot chocolate is awesome, highly recommended. Try to get there early or you'll end up having to wait a long time!
3	Food was good, on the pricey side. Service was ok. The frozen chocolate was good but not as what people have hyper it too much about. It just tastes like a rich chocolate smoothie with overload of whip cream on top with some chocolate chips. I asked for hot sauce and I was given a cholula, but I would prefer Tabasco. It gets really busy here. Food was ok but nothing too special.
1	SerendipiDONTSunday brunch. Worst restaurant experience of my life! We were served coffee & proceeded to wait an hour and a half- with many interactions with waitress & manager- and ended up leaving without having been served our food!
3	I typically like this place but I don't like the limited weekend brunch menu served until 2pm.
4	I want to give this place a 3.5I honestly think that I was just really hyped up about eating here because of the movie Serendipity my college roommate watched that movie at least once every few months -_-Anyways I got the frozen hot chocolate. Shared it with my bestie on my birthday. so freaking romantic!!!! It was pretty good but I think it was definitely hyped up so I was kind of like... meh its good but not extraordinarily delicious. I also got the mac and cheese I believe. You cannot go wrong with baked mac and cheese. The only way you can go wrong actually is if you don't give me enough cheese! RAWR! Super filling I saved half for drunchies after xs that night hehehe. ON TOP OF THAT. my friends got me a red velvet slice of cake that was humongous and got the waiter to sing for me.. i think. I hate it when I get sung happy birthday at restaurants. Like... what do I do? clap along? sing along? where do I look? too many thoughts! lol. anyways. overall a 3.5 experience. :)Down to come back but would rather try some other well known food options/ buffet places next time.
4	This is a great place to get food on the strip...me & husband have been there a couple times whilst in town..Iv had the crab cake sandwich - great, huge portion of crab and deliciousIv also had the egg white omelette - also served with amazing home friesMy husband has had the French toast log - huge yumminessssss served with eggs & bacon We also tried their signature frozen hot chocolates...they are amazing!!! Defiantly worth it! The portions are huge  and keep u full up, reasonably prided for the strip and the atmosphere is goodThe service is great, we have been in Judy's section both times and she is so attentive & given us great service.
1	We like Serendipity. Yes it is overpriced, I mean $11 for a frozen hot chocolate but it is soo good. This is my 2nd time dining at this location and it wasn't that great, we ended up with food poisoning. We ordered the nachos as a appetizer. It came with black beans,  crusty old looking ground beef that must have been sitting somewhere for hours and cheese. The small amount of meat on the nachos had that dark crusted over color on the top and we should have known from that point on but they were $14 so we ate about 1/3 of the order. We both ordered the up the skirt steak, it was pretty good but again we both ended up with food poisoning -though I can't say if it was the steak or the nachos that got us. I tried the green tea frozen drink and it was way too sweet for me but they were kind and switched it out for me.  Our server was nice, he was really busy so another guy (mgr?) took our order for us and brought us water which was nice. I don't know, our bill was about $90 with tax and tip for 2 entree's, 1 appetizer and 2 hot chocolates and that was with their TR's discount. I would only come back for the frozen hot chocolate, after the night my bf and I spent in the restroom we will stay far away from the food. I will say that last year we had the white pineapple sangria and it was the best I've had, so I guess I only like their beverages.**update - ok after looking at the pictures of other peoples nachos ours looked nothing like that, I am convinced it was the nachos that got us sick. Maybe they gave us a old order that had gotten returned or cancelled or that was sitting because ours certainly didn't look anything like other peoples pictures. Ugh :(
5	From food to desserts, this place rocks!
4	The food is presented with much creativity, the most you can spend on a dish is $30 (not including a drink) but what i liked best about it was the atmosphere and the location. Some how the decor makes you feel like a kid again. When i go I usually I tend to get the most accommodating waiters who are very pleasant. Definitely a place to go to.
5	This has become my favorite place. I am a major breakfast person. The stuff they have on their menu is so fun, creative and delicious that I don't see how anyone couldn't find something they love. The last time I went I finally tried the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate they're famous for because I had to see what made it so different. It was extraordinary and definitely tasted like hot chocolate! I had the Sinners and Saints Breakfast Log that basically has everything you could ever want on a very delicious French toast log. Beautiful surroundings when sitting outside, right in the heart or the Vegas Strip and just an all around great place. I will say that whenever we went it took a long time to get someone to our table but they were always friendly and it has always been worth the wait. Love it!
4	I've been here twice but took a break from reviews since I wasn't getting paid for them.  The food is overall good. Desserts fantastic don't like the price of a shake, but the frozen hot chocolate is good.  I'm not a big onion ring eater but they are bomb.  Portions are big so the price balances out.  It's hard to go wrong here and service is swell.
2	There was a little bit of line.  Came here for frozen hot chocolate for $14.00, for small glass. Too sweet and overprice!  Didn't really like the looks of then food from other people's table.  Portion was huge and nothing really stands out.  I guess people who likes quantity than quality love to go there.  I think this place is overrated.  Thanks!
3	Cute and girly restaurant! Finally had the chance to try this restaurant out the last time I was in Vegas. I originally wanted to go and try out their popular sundaes that everyone raves about! When we got there, it was so crowded such a long wait! Prob waited almost an hour... Finally got seated and then ordered the onion ring tower. It was huge! Dipping sauces were good. My bf and I could not finish it. Then my entree I ordered an ahi salad. I didn't really like it because of how the ahi tuna had sesame seeds ( I think it was) on the outer edges. I spent some time having to pick out all the seeds. We were too full to order their desserts. Next time if I do return, def ordering something else and getting the sundae dessert!
4	I ordered the frozen hot chocolate and it was excellent. It was perfectly chilled and very refreshing. The chocolate had a nice rich flavor without being overly sweet. The whip cream wasn't overly sweet as well and the fresh chocolate shaving are an excellent touch. This was an exceptional drink that is overpriced.... If you are ever near a WAWA go there and get one of their frozen drinks. While not as sophisticated as this offering it is almost as good and will only cost you around $4 with tax. Message to Serendipity: The frozen hot chocolate is excellent and should be enjoyed by the masses, please drop the price to $7 and I will add the fourth star. You know you want me to give you that extra star.
3	I was in Vegas with my family for the Bar & Night Club Convention a few weeks ago and we ate here the last day we were there. If the weather permits, I would advise sitting outside because it's stuffy and uncomfortable inside. It was literally like walking into a sauna and we all opted to wait 15 extra minutes for an outside table (it was a nice day so, naturally, the patio had a longer wait). Our server was really good as it was pretty crowded and I saw other people having issues with getting served. In fact, one couple got up and left after sitting there for 20 minutes without even having drinks on the table. With that being said, this place is probably hit or miss with service and we happened to be some of the lucky ones. Too bad I can't remember our server's name, otherwise I would totally recommend him! The food was actually pretty damn good. I would recommend the grilled cheese with tomato basil soup and the crab cake sandwich. Those were the winners at our table. My dad had a steak sandwich which he really enjoyed except he said it needed some kind of sauce. You can't have a steak sandwich with no horseradish sauce! All they had in their kitchen was A1, so that was a bit disappointing but he did say the meat was cooked perfectly and very tender. The desserts were epic, of course, and we could only eat about a fourth of the portions (out of the five of us, we ordered 4 desserts). BUT, they were all delicious so I would definitely come back here JUST for the world famous desserts. I gave three stars because of the seemingly shoddy service that we, luckily, weren't apart of and also because they really need better ventilation inside. Otherwise, it was a good time!
5	I've tried to eat here many times when I've gone to Vegas but I've always had friends that didn't want to wait a long time to get there food.  This last time I went I almost gave up hope again when my man suggested we just get something from the to go line and head back to our hotel.So I didn't get to eat inside like I wanted, and I so desperately wanted to try one of their deserts.  But as least I finally got to try there food.  I plan on going back to Vegas and next time I'll make sure to put in reservations because I am determined to have a sit down meal here but I can't stand the thought of waiting 45 mins to an hour and half to just be seated.The food, although it was cold by the time we made it back to our hotel.  It was still beyond delicious and enjoyable.  It was so good I probably would have found a way to have seconds if we had stayed for a table which is probably I good thing we ended up getting it to go.I'm so excited and I can't wait to go back and eat there again!
4	I have always wanted to try this place since it is in prime location; smack dab in the middle of the Vegas strip. I got the chance to try Serendipity because my boyfriend was craving a sweet snack after some drinks. The place was still packed at 1130pm when we got there, so obviously, the quality of food has to be up there. We finally decided on a fried oreo sunday to share. Wow! Never have I had such a yummy but so bad for you treat! The whole thing was like an explosion of sinful goodness in my mouth. After trying the dessert, I can only imagine how great the rest of the items are.
2	20 minute wait to sit inside so we sat outside. Ordered the classic frrrrrozen hot chocolate for two and a side of fries while we read the front of the giant menu. Waitress came out dragging her feet like this was the last place shed like to be. Brought over the fries and announced the hot chocolate would be right out. Fries were stale and rough. Warm, if anything. The hot chocolate covered by a pile of whipped cream and chocolate shavings. Cold chocolate milk at best. Overall service was subpar. Food was mediocre. For the price, it could do much better.
4	Pink & orange decor? I'm there! I've been wanting to try a frozen hot chocolate since 2010. I went back to Vegas a year later and still didn't get one! So about a month ago I made a reservation for Easter weekend and finally satisfied my craving/curiosity. I decided to get the smaller size of mint chocolate in a to go cup and could not finish it by myself! Delicious but definitely sweet. It tasted just like I thought it would but was a bit runnier than I expected; it's easier to sip it through the straws rather than use a spoon while walking. My friends' green tea one didn't resemble green tea at all, it was just over sugared. I arrived fifteen minutes early for my six person reservation at 5pm. I ended up changing it for three and we were seated under the burning sun, so we asked our waiter, Jason, if we could move to the one under some umbrellas. He quickly cleaned up the table and we ended up ordering an Asian chicken salad, ahi tuna salad, and chicken lettuce wraps. Notice it's all forms of greenery because we hit the buffet for brunch ... The Asian chicken salad dressing was yummy and not sour/spicy, had plenty of warm white meat chicken, and the chopsticks were a nice touch. The ahi tuna I snuck from my friends' plate was chilled on the inside and warm/chewy on the outside. I poured some of my Asian dressing on a chicken lettuce cup and don't regret it one bit. Their lettuce cups are fresh and such a healthy green color; the filling stayed on the inside because of the multiple cup layers holding it in. Food is good, l'll try the macaroni and cheese pizza next time. *Remember to show your gold Total Rewards card before paying to get one dollar off each entree you order.
4	Amazing mac n cheese, chimichurri steak, fries,  etc etc etc.  The food is AMAZING.  Patio seating is also awesome, with such a great view of the strip and fun people watching.  Patio heaters made it enjoyable for an otherwise cooler than normal evening in Vegas.The walk up window for frozen hot chocolate, however, was disappointing.  I expected something like what is served in the restaurant, but the to-go version is pretty basic.  For the price, try it when you can take the time to get the proper version.
1	Great ice cream! I won't come back though because of the rude hostesses. We came to celebrate my son's birthday and got served a double scoop of attitude and poor service.
4	I've only had the frozen hot chocolate but hey..........hey......HEY!  It was beyond remarkable.  I thought about sharing it but decided to pig out with my very own.  Only drawback here was long lines and it took a long time to fill the orders.
3	My fella was on a quest to find me the best carrot cake in Las Vegas for my birthday, so we headed to Serendipity 3 on a Sunday afternoon. We decided to start with a frozen hot chocolate, then have a late lunch and take the carrot cake to go. The frozen hot chocolate was more for him than me, and as I suspected, I wasn't a fan. He chose the cookies and cream flavor. It was big and covered in whipped cream, but too syrupy sweet and water-y for me, but he enjoyed it, though he probably wouldn't order it again. Worth experiencing once, though! The star of the show for me was the mac and cheese, which was decadent and perfectly seasoned. He went with a turkey club sandwich which was surprisingly tasty and gigantic (the portion sizes make the pricing pretty reasonable for the strip, in my opinion) and so between the two of us we had a really satisfying meal. I had to resist nabbing most of his fries. Then, the waitress brought us our to go cake and I nearly fell out of my chair. It was a HUGE slab of cake, with lots of thin layers and plenty of cream cheese frosting. I was still chipping away at it three days later and I'm a big eater. In the end, I didn't even finish the whole thing. If I was to do it again, I'd go with the sundae version, mixing cake and vanilla ice cream and eat it there. My only real disappointment was in the decor, I expected it to be cuter inside, but it appeared they were doing a remodel and also, I'm pretty snobby about that sort of thing. I also wasn't too keen on the scratched, cloudy looking plastic water glasses, but again, I'm pretty picky about details.All in all, it was a fun afternoon outing and I enjoyed it.
5	Their frozen hot chocolate is to die for!!
5	This place is awesome! Great outdoor atmosphere and great food. My wife and I went there for a late breakfast. I had the breakfast burger, which was amazing! Next time I'm in vegas, I'll definitely get it again. My wife ordered the lucky 7, which was a ton of food for one person. Of course we ended the meal with the frrrrozen hot chocolate! I would highly recommend this place.
1	Beware not worth the wait! Service is horrible on the multiple occasions I've been here. The food is disgusting and comes cold. The only good thing is the frozen hot chocolate! Take it Togo ! Staff was rude, took forever, and made rude remarks to us even though we were polite. Manager gave us free food to apologize which was nice...she needs to reorganize staff and fire a few members of her team
3	I have been here numerous times for breakfast and every meal was DELICIOUS (Saints and Sinners is my favorite).   ! I have also been here for their dinner menu twice (and tried my friends' food) all four items were unfavorable. I would recommend Jimmy Johns or In and Out before ever eating their dinner menu again.
3	The manager is a complete jerk!!! We had a late lunch here on Saturday, it wasn't even busy, which was a pleasant surprise. We asked to sit by the street on the patio and the waiter was going to sit us there, but the manager said "no that's for a bigger party" which I didn't understand because they sat us at a table with the same amount of seating as the one by the street. He was a jerk! The waiter was nice and tried to be over nice to make up for his rude boss. The food was good, the wait was only 20 minutes, overall it was an ok experience.
4	New York's famous Frrrozen Hot Chocolate is now in Las Vegas, with a walk-up window even! That means you can get it without the hour-long wait for a table and the $$ minimum per person - woot! Granted, it's served in a plastic Caesars Palace cup instead of a fancy sundae glass and it's about half the size but whatever - it's still just as delicious and totally worth the $11.
5	unfortunately, the patio is closed due to  construction. apparently it is a great place to people watch while drinking. i will be back. i went for a sunday brunch. either make reservations or be a diamond member with TR. be prepared for a wait. the Bloody Mary was uh-mazing! i still crave it. i had the Central Park omelet & it was huge. all of their portions seemed to be generous. overall, i was impressed. two thumbs up.
2	This place gets 2 stars because of its location. Otherwise it'd be less than 1 star. We went in to grab some ice cream shake, a medium sized cup cost $12. Ok, I can live that. But a milk shake from baskin Robbins tastes much better than this crap. I understand it may be a brand thing but c'mon. Justify the price somehow. Won't be coming here again.
4	The frozen hot chocolate here tastes just like it does in NYC.  A bit steep, but it's Vegas.  They have a walk up window that's very convenient and the line moves pretty quickly. Would def recommend trying.
4	We were in the mood for a banana split so the first place that came to my mind was Serendipity. Came here with my mom, daughter and niece.So upon our arrival there was a 15 minute wait and the hostess takes down your name and sends a text once you table is ready. Told the hostess I will need a highchair too. 15 minutes later I get my text and we are seated. We walk into the dining room area and see plenty of free tables and the highchair I requested was not ready. So why the wait and why not have the table fully ready with the highchair if I waited 15 minutes?? Anyways, our waiter was very nice and attentive, unfortunately I don't know his name since he never told us. So we ordered the Don't Be Afraid of My Alfredo, The Tasty T-BLT and the Crab Cake Sandwich. ALL very delicious. The crab cake sandwich is a must try and the Tasty T-BLT is huge, can definitely share with another person. Had to save room for our dessert and so of course, we ordered what brought us here in the first place, the Outrageous Banana Split. Delicious yes but not your typical banana split. Theirs comes in a big sundae cup/bowl with 2 bananas sticking out and sadly no nuts but definitely a treat.This restaurant is cheerful, definitely kid-friendly and will offer you a one-of-a-kind dining experience.
3	Our server was amazing, what an amazing memory she has! Very knowledgable and truly enjoys interacting with her guests. I ordered the steak sandwich with eggs over hard. It was good. Just a heads up their portions are huge. I could barely eat a third of the sandwich will definitely split it next time. As for the dessert YUM! I've had the frozen hot chocolate last time and the Oreo sundae this time, big enough to split 8 ways or more and soooo delicious.  One day I'll win some money and buy the $1,000.00 sundae haha
5	Super hot fire Hangover Omelet w/ Avocado! Eggs were fluffy (probably 4 eggs) enough mushrooms, onions, and the cheese was on point! My friend ordered chicken and waffles and they were a win! Frozen hot chocolate for table of 5 burned our tongues with so much flavor. It was the large size. Must order whip cream is right too. Other friend enjoyed the white omelet and he scrapped the plate.Judy Booty was our waitress she was a sweet heart!
1	Frozen hot chocolate=yummy, worth the $11, not even close.Ordered the veggie burger. Reading it on the menu it sounded delish. When it was served= there was chicken pieces in the sandwich! what the heck?! Manager apologized but there was no explanation as to how chicken and veggie burger could be served on one plate?!Told it was a 15-20 minute wait=reality it was closer to 45 minutes. Awful service. One server quit that day and just stormed off. As a customer I should have done the same.Famous for being recognized in the movie but other than that, not worth the hype. At All!
1	Over priced and over hyped. You'd be better off going to a high end fancy restaurant if you want to spend that much money on ice cream and desserts. At least you know you're paying for the quality.
1	The food is good... I knew that from previous experience. But I'm now waiting almost an hour and a half empty restaurant for food. This is crazy - what kind of service is this? How long does it take to cook a few burgers?
4	Very good place for breakfast. Had the balsamic strawberry waffle and split it. Awesome flavors for all the food my group got. I would recommend this place for breakfast people!
3	Well, everyone said you have to go to Serendipity 3 when you go to Vegas. So I went. The menu didn't exactly strike my fancy, so my friend and I decided to get the lucky 7. It's 3 eggs (nice and fluffy ), 3 pancakes( nothing fancy), 2 huge sausage links (very tasty). We split it, and still couldn't finish it. Customer service was very nice.  The waitress even bought me a lovely chocolate covered oreo mouse dessert for my birthday on the house.  I'm giving 3 stars because the restsurant was nice. But not exactly 4 stars material.
3	The only thing I've tried here are the frozen hot chocolate (signature) and the carrot cake dessert, both of which were delicious. Expensive, HUGE portions, but yums all the same. Decor is hot pink and the like. Quite memorable!
4	3 words: Frozen Hot ChocolateSO DELICIOUS! I didn't give 5 stars because the wait was over 45 minutes- BUT they have a to-go order window and you can get a lot of things that they serve in the restaurant to go.
4	I'm definitely a fan! It is always crowded  here, so I do recommend making reservations, if you do plan on dropping in spontaneously, expect to have AT LEAST a 30 minute wait. The atmosphere is loud and upbeat on the inside, but out on the patio things do sort of calm down (as long as they have the misters and fans/heaters on) As far as the food goes, I've pretty much had everything on their menu by now, everything is delicious! Of course, like any restaurant on the strip it is pricy, so if you're planning to stop by on a budget, make sure to put your pretty penny towards dessert! They are expensive, but the portions are huge, I'd say able to feed 3-4 people.
2	Good dessert, but not worth the hype or the price. Plus this was the 3rd time we had tried to go, but got held up the other two due to crowds and horrible hosts at the door...this time we were finally able to get in. Overall not a fan.
3	Went with a group of 7. Food was overpriced for what it was and our service was not good.
4	Finally had the opportunity to try the famous Frrrozen hot chocolate.  Long wait for the restaurant, but thanks to a tip from fellow Yelpers, I just ordered my drink from the To Go window.  Took about 5 minutes before I was able to enjoy this chocolatey, creamy goodness. It's pretty much an icy chocolate milk drink with whipped cream on top - or with mini chocolate chips sprinkled on top.  A wonderful treat on a hot Vegas day.  Definitely worth a try.  $11 worth...?  Dunno.  I'm glad i tried it, don't know if I'd go back for another one honestly, but it's worth trying.
2	It is not all that. We didn't enjoy their food hence the didn't care to order desserts. I do not mind paying the price if its awesome! Alarm went on while we're eating and no one came to apologize for the inconvenience. Ambience was better than the servers or food. We will not be back there. I would however try the New York City's Serendipity.
5	Love this place and I'm and old guy. My daughter took me here great food bizarre scene (crazy) fun and I'm coming back
3	Let me start off my review by saying this: the desert here is amazing!!!  Order desert!  We got the banana split and loved it!I'll give the place 3 stars for their wonderful desert.  Service and table quality was a bit average (ours was wobbly).  The food was decent, but a little pricey.However, you must try their desert!  Anything on the desert menu will do.
5	Mmmmmmmmmm  Mmmmmmmmmm delicious!  Do I really need to say more?  It's ice cream and other sweet treats.  They are GIANT - learn from my mistake and share!
1	I have to wonder who are these sheeple who think that garbage, as long as it's famous garbage, is actually good food.  Sure, Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate was all over the Food Network and perky little Rachel Ray slathered it all over her body or something like that.  But let's get down to brass tacks: it's CRAP! absolutely friggin' CRAP!!  For $11.89 (with tax) you get Swiss Miss, ice, and milk thrown into a blender with a little whipped cream on top.  If you think that Swiss Miss, ice, and milk could possibly amount to anything worth that kind of money, not to mention the sugar-packed empty calories, then you're a sheep, an idiot lobotomized sheep who oohs and aahs over anything featured on the Food Network.  Enjoy your 12 bucks of crap.
3	Super pricey. But that's the Vegas Strip for ya. Mother's Day brunch. Glad they took our rsvp. Decent corned beef hash & potatoes but nothing to write home about. Hubby liked his huevos rancheros. My guess: The giant desserts w/a ton of straws for all to share are why people come.
2	I gave it two stars because of the waitstaff and food, otherwise it would have been one star or less. I went in with a large wedding party (24) and we were treated like crap by the hostesses and the manager. We were split up at three different tables and separated from each other. Then we were lied to about why we could not sit at the multiple open tables next to one another. They did not care to try and accommodate us; even with us making reservations days prior. The manager was obviously on an unnecessary power trip and she did not need to display the attitude she did. A separate manager, Sam, was very apologetic and wanted to make it right when I spoke with him later. However, the damage had been done and it left too bad of taste in all of our mouths. None of us will return solely due to the way we were treated by the frontline staff. With that being said, the waiter was amazing and it was obvious he understood our frustration. He went above and beyond helpful to try and make us feel welcome. In addition, the food was very good.
5	A girl friend and I stopped in on Saturday afternoon between bachelorette parties and shared a fried oreo sundae. It was so good; we left in a sugar coma. haha. We'll definitely have to come back with our men sometime!
4	Went here in fall of 2013 and the French toast log I got was so phenomenal that when I came back to Vegas this past weekend serendipity was the first place I came to and I got the exact same thing.  My friends got other various brunch items which all looked good but I didn't want to try them because I had my hands full with my own plate.  The frozen hot chocolate is delicious too.  I'll admit, the service is not that great.  Especially this past May visit when my plate was delivered 20 minutes after everyone else at my table got theirs.  They were done eating by the time I finally got mine.   Somebody majorly screwed up there.   There were no problems the first time I went though and the food was great both times.  I will go one more time, when I bring my daughter to Vegas, just because I talked this place up so much the first time I went and now she wants to try it. But probably not again after that.
5	the frozen hot chocolate is worth trying.
2	The best part of this meal was the frozen hot chocolate (which was comp'd by Caesars).  The food was so so at best.  My sliders were burnt, which I send back and did not want a replacement since I don't have some 3 second rule to happen with the replacement.  The tomato soup was delicious, but probably all canned.
5	The oreo frozen hot chocolate and the cookie sundae were both aaaaamaaaazingggg! I literally cannot wait for my next Vegas trip just to eat here again. It was super busy, but the service was great- attentive and fast. We left with a massive brain freeze/sugar rush combo, so you know it was amazing :) Was also happy to see more adults than kids here, as we were not sure if (in our 20's) we would be the oldest people in the room.
3	This is somewhere you should pop into once just to say that you've been there. The Frozen Hot Chocolate is fairly tasty but way overpriced. I would suggest sharing it, just so you can get a taste and say that you've tried it.I do love the atmosphere, but the service is mediocre. Check it out, but don't expect anything amazing.
3	This place is delicious.... yet you need to be off weight watchers or eat zero points before or after going here for the day!  The food, from the appetizers, to entrees, and especially to desserts is super yummy and fun! Breakfast here is excellent!Their sundaes are ridiculous!The bad side: service could be improved and it is over priced. Great for kids!
1	Waited 15 mins only to be seated outdoor when we specifically requested indoor.  Looking around in the restaurant there were plenty of empty seats. Not sure who or what they were expecting... We came for some dessert but our stomachs turned when our desserts arrived - massive portions and sloppy presentation.  The taste and quality of food was mediocre.  They get away with overcharging on this garbage made from cheap ingredients.  As well, the interior decorating and ambience was a disappointment too, certainly far from any "Vegas" standard.  You'd be much happier and satisfied by going to Dairy Queen for dessert.
3	Went for breakfast very delicious burger unlucky with the server
5	Today was a bloody mary sort of day for me.  My husband and I stopped off at a high end restaurant first where I ordered my usual bloody mary with extra olives.  The bartender gave me an average drink with three little anorexic olives on a pick.  Later in the day it was hot and we wanted to stop for cocktails again.  We sort of stumbled upon Serendipity.   The a/c was going and the Dodgers game was on TV so we chose to sit at the bar.  Jesse was our bartender and I placed my usual order.  His Bloody Mary was top notch!  Full of flavor, fresh delicious and he by the way heard my request for extra olives.  I got six firm extra large olives (2 picks of 3 BIG olives!)!!!!!  I asked how did he get so much flavor in there.   He said their vodka is infused with peppers, onions & celery and pointed to the large decanter with fresh veggies floating inside. Delish!  Great job Jesse, we will be back!!!!
3	Service getting worse and worse each time we come here. The food has always brought us back but that probably will not hold true much longer. Too much of a wait to even be acknowledged by a server.
3	Serendipity has a great location to people and city watch while you munch on their patio. Their frozen hot chocolates and desserts are great & guaranteed to put you into a sugar rush. As for the rest of the menu that aren't desserts, I find them completely mediocre & not very flavorful. The chilli is good (can't mess that up), the alfredo lacks sauce & thickness, the abc burger is okay with unimpressive fries, and their fish tacos are cute. I recommend their oreo or white chocolate frozen hot chocolate! Service is slow and seemed understaffed but didn't forget or mess up on anything. Request to sit outside before it gets too hot in town :)
2	I couldn't see what people are raving about this place? Oh I take it back. Perhaps it's the crazy portion of the banana split? Or the fudge sundae. Otherwise, it would just be a regular diner's style treats. We waited too long for a table and didn't have any good memory of it. 1 star goes for the cool venue in Caesars Palace, and the other star goes to the cool looking menu.
3	I have heard people rave and rave about Serendipity Frozen Hot Chocolate so I had to go try it out for myself. We wanted to sit inside, but the wait was long; we had a choice to order from the Togo window or sit outside at the bar. We opt for sitting at the bar and it was nice because the strip was to the back of us and it was a warm day out. First we ordered the hot chocolate, i got a appetizer pizza and a Sunday to share. Sad to say that the hot chocolate was just OK. Maybe people over hyped it for me, but i'm a chocolate girl and I felt as if i could have just made that at home and make one that tasted better. I will say that the Sunday was really really good and all it had was vanilla ice cream and chocolate fudge. Overall this place was OK but nothing to go crazy for.
1	I am a hugeeee sweets lover so I was pumped about this place...unfortunately I was let down. Me and my girlfriend split a big ice cream sundae surrounded by cookies. The ice cream was nothing special and the cookies were so stale!! What a let down. Should have done there famous frozen hot choc I guess
3	Serendipity was okay. Had a great lunch with the homies. We ate outside the patio and it was pretty cool especially the time we went, the weather was awesome! Service was less than mediocre. The food was filling. I feel this is the place to check out at least once while in Vegas, especially if you haven't been here. I didn't try the specialized deserts because I was so full from my meal. Next time I come i'll definitely try it.
5	Seared Ahi Salad and Frozen Hot chocolate. .to balance out the caloric intake I start with the Ahi Salad and so my trip here is memorable I always follow it up with the frozen hot chocolate love this place....
1	The only thing I give this place is for the location it's a nice place to visit. But the service and food was horrible. I would rather spend the money at a nicer place with better customer service. The waitress her name started with a "p" she was dismissive and she didn't really have a lot of tables (I've been a waitress before). It looked like everyone else was serving her food, she forgot things we ordered and bad customer service. At the end of lunch we decided to have dessert- but she ignored us and gave us the bill. I guess we won't stay dessert- both worth eating here. Please try to visit tatorria bakery service is fantastic and food is great!
1	Everytime i come to this place it seems like they don't have enough servers or just simply don't want to serve us. If i was blind maybe i would believe they don't have any tables available. The place is half empty for crying out loud. Maybe it's my race or maybe my luck but it always happens. I would not recommend coming here with a group. The servers simply don't want any business. Maybe that's just my opinion. Rude customer service is not a good example specially when you bring kids here. Don't even bother if customer service is what you're after.
4	I hade the steak sandwich,  its huge,  and  tasted great. The  frozen hot chocolate is really good too.
2	Overpriced, slow, and mediocre. We waited in line for a LONG time to get milkshakes that were just ok.
4	I've heard a lot of good things about Serendipity 3 from my friends who came to Vegas on vacation, but I never had a chance to eat there until recently. Since this place was close to the Linq, a friend and I decided to eat here.There was a helpful banner that said that the restaurant was open which was nice since it looked like part of the outside was under construction. We entered from the side and the hostess greeted us warmly before directing us to a table. The decor was a little goofy looking, but I liked it.The menu was huge and it took a bit for me to figure out what to order. It finally came down to ordering a portobello mushroom burger with fries because I love mushrooms. My friend ordered a salad with a crab cake.The food arrived and the first bite of my burger was amazing. My friend took a bite of her rather large crab cake and was pleased that the crab was fresh instead of frozen. Our waiter kept coming around to ask us how we were doing and refilling our water, which I like.
5	Tried this place for the 1st time and looooved it! Had the fried Oreo Sunday... Amazing!! The service here was on point also! Totally worth the price!!
1	Long wait and they aren't even busy. Brunch is served till 2 and they don't let u order off the lunch menu... Waited an hour and all they offer is a cup of coffee for free NEVER EAT HERE
1	Poor experience overall,  rude hostess, poor waitress / terrible table side manners.   No refills - had to ask for our check twice.Food was cold or over cooked - sent back one item and it was never brought back fixed.  Requested for a manager assistance, never came to the table - Never again - Daughters Birthday was superiorly ruined.  Good Luck with that sort of business procitices
4	I had the abc burger and the Oreo fried Sunday! The food was okay but definitely recommend the dessert!
5	Hands down the BEST place in Vegas! They have a really great selection in food and the biggest, richest desserts you'll ever have. The frrrozen hot chocolate is amazing! Great breakfast too and they have a takeout window if you're in a hurry
1	They suck at helping their customers. They forgot about us and I had to wait 1 hour just to order my food even after hollering at multiple waiters. Their 45 minute wait was a waste of time and this is my second chance for this restaurant. HIRE BETTER STAFF.
2	Overpriced. Overhyped frozen hot chocolate was not what I expected. Actually it was quite disappointing. It tasted very watery and half of it was whipped cream. Also the food is extremely overpriced. Not coming back here.
1	i love their frozen hot chocolate, but over this memorial weekend (we went on 5-26-14), the floor crew namely THE HOSTESS/manager who was on duty around 4pm was a very rude person, said we had to have a reservation if ur party is more than 10 peeps (we were 11), they dnt have enough servers and if we decide to stay they have to split our party, we say "ok"  i asked to have our table next to each other , she said "NO" bcoz we'll have diff. servers, what??? why could'nt she just tell us that they cant accomodate our party instead of giving us d run around, AND my friend was even told that if ur undecided "go outside"!!! crappy hostess, i believe we were dress accordingly ( shorts/tops/flipflops since it was in the 100's). Obviously, shes got issues. Got the hell away from her, took our business to noodle beijing!! HIRE a Better person pls
4	Honestly, the service sucks here. It does. They seat you, get your order, and hand you a check.However, I cannot pass up their frozen hot chocolate. It's perfect. Especially after a day of walking in the sun and shopping. So I'll take my check and my frozen hot chocolate, and I'm happy.
4	Had dinner here to celebrate a special occasion. The service from Marnie was fantastic! She is very kind and genuine and a keeper if you ask me. I'll be returning just because of her. The dish I had was great, Seared Ahi Tuna Salad. Yum! But the other dish, the Steak Sandwich would've been perfect but the bread it came with was thick and tough to eat as it wasn't very soft. I definitely recommend you get the Red Wine Sangria  Overall it was a nice experience.
3	Food was pretty good, especially the frozen hot chocolate. Although, the server wasn't very good. Tried charging extra for my "meal" (froz hot choc and cheeseburger for $26 deal) by saying oh you ordered a double drink not a single, yet it was the small size and I was only charged for the small. Gave me a hard time about removing the $4 extra and when I asked if a manager could remove it since she couldn't, she told me no they won't want to. How rude. Too bad this ruined my first experience at #3.
5	Best hot chocolate ever, I highly recommend this place as the food is very good as well!
3	A hot day with a group of girls craving for some chocolate led us to Serendipity. We just wanted dessert so we ordered the Frozen Hot Chocolate - one regular and one with a Mint Chip flavor.We also ordered a slice of the cheesecake creme de la creme.The Frozen Hot Chocolate was good - it didn't blow my mind but it was packed with chocolate flavor and had a slushy milk chocolate feel. The four of us shared one and that was enough for all of us. Four huge straws and a mound of whipped cream and chocolate chips on top. Nothing fancy, just a large quantity.The slice of Cheesecake was HUGE. The cake wasn't overly sweet and had a wonderful cream cheese whipped cream on top that complimented everything pretty well. We worked our way eating around the cheesecake but could hardly make a dent in it! There is a raspberry jam at the bottom tjat also gave you a different take on the flavors. The cheesecake was my favorite.I'm docking off a star because of the price. It came out to be a nearly $50 check for hot chcocolate and cheesecake....the food was good but not that good. You could be paying for the ambiance, but it isn't to the level of 4 Stars like some other dessert places on the strip.Bottom line: you can do it for the experience, but I'm sure there are better dessert places. What does the word serendipity mean anyway???
2	It's good for breakfast though the rest of the menu stinks. And it's quite pricey. I would not recommend this place for food.
4	Long line, but we ordered the frozen hot chocolate at their outside to go area. It wasn't as pretty if you ordered inside. (Its just in a regular cup) but still tasty!
4	Big portions. Share your food! Best Vegetarian burger I've ever had with a patty made from bulgur, farro, corn and all kinds of other yummy stuff.
4	We stopped by Serendipity on a Sunday afternoon and took a seat at the outside bar. It was such a relaxing little spot and not too busy. I've been to Vegas several times but it was always really packed the previous times we tried to go so this was a very nice change. The bartenders were very friendly and helped us to decide the size of our treat. We ended up getting a peanut butter frozen hot chocolate. It was delicious! It came out pretty quick and was just enough for 2 people - any bigger would have been overkill. I recommend getting the regular sized one and not the size built for 2...unless you really want A LOT of frozen hot chocolate. I would come back for sure.
2	On our way out of Vegas, we stopped by Serendipity for a Frozen Hot Chocolate, which we'd had a couple years back. It was indeed a warm Friday afternoon so a nice cold drink would be a welcome treat, which it was; delicious even. That's what the 2 stars are for. Everything else about this place was no good. At 11 bucks for a cup of cold cocoa with whipped cream on top, you'd think they'd at least remember to actually GIVE you your drink. Others in our party were called up to pick up their drinks. We waited another five minutes and finally went to the window to ask. They'd forgotten to make it.  FAIL. Also, they charge a whole dollar for tap water. Seriously, we were paying customers, give us the darn tap water! Tasty, yes. Overhyped? You betcha.
4	We got one frozen hot chocolate to share and it was the right amount of chocolatey sweetness. I love chocolate but sometimes it's a little too sweet for me, but sharing it was definitely a great idea.
2	Came here on a Friday late night about an hour before closing. Service was slow and waiter got our 2 item order wrong. They were out of one of the topping options (which are few to begin with). Too many other options around to want to ever come back here again.
2	There's a lot of hype but not worth it. The food is good, but not mind blowing for the price and the wait. The hangover omelet had no flavor, over cooked, and was luke warm. The grilled cheese was probably good, but how can you mess up the grilled cheese? Oh by not having the soup ready at the same time. It also came out luke warmer best. Their hot dog... Is a hot dog... But bigger. That's all. There's a lot of hype on the frozen hot chocolate... It looks great in picture... But it's like melted chocolate ice cream. I gave it an extra star because their service wasn't terrible and the waiter tried to be nice as we were clearly unhappy.
5	I love this place! The milkshakes are to die for! Perfect for a hot summer day and it helps that they are right off the strip! No need to walk through the casino to enjoy! They also have the worlds largest Tiffany Lamp, right outside! It's huge!
3	The food was ok but definitely not for the price. Extremely pricey. I ordered a Asian chicken salad with barely any chicken. Basically a $2 salad with 9x the price. Probably won't come back. Adjust the prices to reasonable prices and I may consider revisiting if I'm in the area.
4	This place gets an extra star for the frozen hot chocolate alone! It was absolutely delish! I also ordered the French toast log which was really good but way too big for 1 person and some eggs/bacon which were forgettable but I can't stress enough how good the frozen hot chocolate was! It's one of Oprah's favorite things and I see why!
1	Nope.  You are absolutely paying for the name and reputation.  The food was barely edible, and I had a hot dog - how do you mess up a hot dog?  The frozen hot chocolate was absolutely nothing.  I'm not even glad I tried it.  On top of that, it was insanely overpriced.  Maybe people aren't gambling in Vegas anymore because they can't afford to after they eat?
5	I love this place, I went for my birthday and i had the frozen hot chocolate with whip cream and oreos so delicious
3	Serendipity 3 is one of the cutest dessert places. They have a huge, HUGE menu! My boyfriend took me here because I wanted dessert and we decided to have dinner as well. We also brought along his brother and his girlfriend for a double date.The reason for my 3 stars is because I would rate the dessert a 5 and the dinner a 2. We both ordered pastas and I got the wings for an appetizer. The wings were really good. Flavorful. But both of our pastas were more on the bland side and had no taste really. My boyfriend kept putting salt and crushed red pepper but it just didn't do any justice. His brother and his girlfriend shared a pizza and nachos. The pizza came out and they forgot to put chicken on it. So they had to wait a good 15 minutes to even eat the pizza because it didn't come out until then. The nachos only had a bunch of stuff on one side and didn't have enough meat. It was basically more chips and just a little bit of toppings. The dessert on the other hand was amazing! We got two sundaes fit for the four of us. Huge and yummy. I couldn't decide because there were so many choices. The waiter was nice and always refilled our water. But the wait time was on the longer side.Definitely would come back for the desserts.
4	We went here on our honeymoon.  It was great but a little expensive.  Big proportions and fun atmosphere.  We got the Cheescake for desert and it was as big as my head!
3	This place is really cute and obviously if you've seen the movie Serendipity, it'll get you excited to dine here.I was kind of bummed since I didn't think their regular dining menu was all that impressive.  I had the lemon chicken but wasn't spectacular.If anything, I think this place is a great go-to place for desserts as I am in love with their frozen hot chocolate is what they're famous for.  It is delicious!  Probably will stop in again for desserts again but not for main course eating.
2	The frozen hot chocolate wasn't bad, but not worth all of the hype, especially not for $12. I would have liked them to have blended the drink a little more, and it's extremely sweet so the whip cream is necessary to balance it out. I got the "regular", which was the smaller of the two sizes that they had. I even shared the frozen hot chocolate with my sister and I wish I could have gotten HALF of the "regular". The Buffalo wings were decent.  The ABC burger wasn't anything special ; the avocado on the burger wasn't that fresh. The atmosphere is cute, and I liked the view of Las Vegas Blvd from the window. And our server was the nicest lady and was extremely pleasant, I think her name was Barbara :D
1	Going Down Hill - couldn't get a waiter to come to the table for 15mins.  Had to beg for ice water refills, food arrived cold and tasteless.   Finished off with sharing a Frozen Hot Chocolate,  not worth the wait - all hype.  Very disappointed - Overrated. Overpriced. Over it.
1	This was my third time coming and I expected so much from my visit.... Boy was I WRONG! I made reservations and they ended up seating my family and I on a table that was Super wobbly.. FIRST the hostess was not friendly, SECOND the Waitress was not there to serve us for awhile THIRD FINALLY When we asked the waitress if we could change seats  instead of acknowledging us she called the Manger who "tightened the knob" but this didn't help at all explaining we couldn't move without having to wait... BUT WE HAD MADE OUR RESERVATION, not our fault. The waitress was prissy and rude. She didn't even want to serve us lemon in our water when clearly we saw another waitress passed by us with lemons.... Additionally,  when we orders fries with our meal.. They gave us Precooked fries that were sitting out for over 20min (we know this because we were sitting next to the kitchen) so the FRIES WERE COLD and MUSHY. Unless they change management DONT WASTE UR TIME COMING HERE.
2	Awesome pizza but the service was horrible. It took over 20 minutes to get a glass of water. The couple next to us sat after we did but they got their water immediately. We will not return
1	This place is absolutely horrible. If asked o honestly couldn't think of a worse experience I've ever had at a restaurant. I usually don't write reviews because I generally feel like each persons experience is always different. Sometimes it can be the waiter or just a bad thing you ordered and some people want to give the place one star for it. Well this isn't that. This place is genuinely the worst restaurant I've ever been in. And I've been to A LOT. It was my wife and I's 5th year anniversary and we picked this place out of any other in Vegas because it sounded fun and like it had a huge variety. We wanted a place somewhere around 25-30 a plate so that we knew it'd be good food but still affordable. We had a reservation for 9 which means that each person had to spend a minimum of $25 dollars as well as a mandatory 18% gratuity added to the bill. We get there and have to wait an hour to be seated. We told them it was our 5 year anniversary and wanted it to be special. I guess special to them is a small table with 9 seats around it right by the front door when they have parties of about 4 taking up giant booths. Anyways, I finally order and get their $23 fried chicken meal - it was worse than literally a fried chicken made in a TV dinner. The mashed potatoes had the viscosity of water with a little bit of sand in it. HORRIBLE. We tell them our displeasure with our experience and are told "were sorry you feel that way", the end. I would never suggest this place to anyone in my life and I hope this place goes under and everyone that works there can never find a job in the food service industry again.
3	Frozen hot chocolate was delicious.  Food is good but service was so incredibly slow.
5	Run do not walk to this fun and delicious eatery. The entrees are off the hook amazingly delicious and I would  save room for the incredible desserts. Tomorrow is my birthday and Jesse added Chambord and fresh raspberries to my Frozen HOT CHOCOLATE which blew my mind. Make sure you to say "hi" to Sam the friendliest manager in Las Vegas the atmosphere is so fun.
5	I love this place! Their sundaes are AMAZING. The Frozen Hot Chocolate is just a bit over rated for my taste (if you like chocolate milk then go for it). The You get what you pay for at this place and the service is awesome. If you're visiting Vegas or even just a local, this place is a must.
5	I was inclined to go 4 stars, but why?! Seriously, I have no idea the reasons for the low reviews!We, like Sean G. back in May, got Marnie, and were super lucky for it. First off, we were seated before our reservation time, she came immediately, got our drinks within 5 minutes, and had taken our food order with 5 as well. Marnie recommended the crab cake sandwich that was off-the-Richter good, and our martinis were deeeelicious (bday cake and peanut butter cup)!!!! Top off a great dinner and great service with a phenomenal deep fried Oreo sundae... SHUT THE F%&$K up! Is this place f' real?! Amazing! Never been more pleased with a meal.
3	Ive been here a handful of times, the food leaves much to be desired, its more of a quantity over quality place, but the desserts, are great! The frozen hot chocolate is great, only to be topped by the fried oreo sundae.  This place is worth skipping dinner at what ever place you're at, no matter how good you think it sounds.  Its also right off of the strip, not even in caesars palace, its a separate smaller building right off of las vegas blvd.
3	Food is whatever. I just like the frozen hot chocolate. It's super expensive but what isn't on the strip?
4	I enjoyed eating here. Its my third time here and its about time I write a review. Ive only been here during brunch. Their omelets are huge! Comes with side of potatoes which was delicious. Thir frozen hot choclare is yummy :) great to share a size small with the familym ive had their mimosas before. its pretty good. Prices are a bit high however its like that in all places in vegas. Restaurant sits literally on the strip in front of Cesears Palace. I recommend outdoor sitting If the weather permits. Not too hot or not too cold weather, you should take advantage of the outdoor seating. Its great to people watch and just enjoy the Vegas atmosphere while waiting for your food!I recommend making reservations because it can get packed! and be on time because they cancel your reservation If you dont show up 10 mins after your reservation time.
5	Like JM., I was initially going to give Serendipity only 4 stars, but decided otherwise. The food and service here is excellent; I don't understand the mere three star overall rating. We made a dinner reservation a few days ahead and were seated almost immediately.  I ordered lettuce wraps with chicken and fried crispy noodles, which came with 3 different sauces: 1) chimi churro, 2) red Thai slightly spicy sauce, and 3) a peanut sauce, all of which were absolutely delicious. Mom ordered the burger without cheese and loved it, and also loved the saltiness of the fries. Sister and her bf ordered something else but not sure what... they enjoyed whatever they ordered though. Also tried the double frozen hot chocolate, which was nothing special... tasted just like a chocolate shake. However, it was still a tasty end to a delicious meal.Most surprising was the waitress's (can't remember her name, sadly) ability to remember all of our orders without even having to write them down. Very impressive!! Whenever I return to Vegas, I'm definitely visiting here again to try other items on the menu, especially the desserts!
2	Super long wait,  so we went to the to-go order window outside.  A plastic cup of frozen hot chocolate was $11 and let me tell you... it is not worth the wait nor the money.!!! Tasted like watered down cold hot chocolate. Sad day.
2	Two stars for the desserts and cute building. The food however, quite disappointing for the price, I ordered the all hail Caesar salad for $14 and what I received was a pile of romaine lettuce and a single crouton. Sure there was a good portion of lettuce, but the lack of ingredients makes me question how they even call this a salad. The SINGLE crouton was pretty much a square piece of bread with no flavor and added nothing special to the salad. I advise against ordering the Caesar, maybe even going to Serendipity 3 at all.
5	Definitely eat in the restaurant instead of ordering through the window. You get a lot more options. My boyfriend and I had the wings and wagyu sliders. The sliders so so so good. We just had a few appetizers since we were going to eat buffet later, so I'm not sure about the actual entrees. It did seem a bit pricy and nothing really caught my eye, but stopping by for some appetizers and the desserts is worth it. I got the double frozen hot chocolate last time I went to Vegas and it was too sweet. This time I got the almond amaretto frozen hot chocolate. Good call because it was DELICIOUS. It was sweet but not too much. Perfect after walking around in the hot sun all day. It is probably a good thing I can't make this myself because I would drink this every day over summer.
1	So I get to the door to be seated at 10:30 the hostess said that they weren't taking anymore tables to dine in and suggest I go to their Togo window outside so me and my boyfriend are waiting in like for about 10 min and some guy comes out telling half the line that they aren't taking anymore Togo orders because it will be after 11:00 the time everyone orders. So I'm pissed because I just paid $10 to valet my car and I rushed to be there by 11:00 the time they supposedly closed at so I ask the guy why is it that we just been wasting our time standing there for nothing and then point to some random guy in line and says he's holding the sign... Oh!? So the sign that a CUSTOMER who GETS his food is responsible for holding a sign that says he is the last person in line to order.... Wow makes pretty good sense seeing as how NO ONE SAW THE SIGN! Because there were 10 people behind that guy! I seriously can't believe this! If you close at 11:00 and don't want to make food until 11;00 then make your closing time the actual time you stop seating and serving Take out at the special "take out" window outside!
5	OMG the best breakfast we have even had. It was also our favorite meal we had the entire stay in Vegas. We went for breakfast on our last day, we sat down and took a look at the menu. $20 for French toast.. OUCH of course like every other place pricey, but soo worth it. My husband and I shared and it was more than enough, we could barely finish it. I wish I would have taken a picture because it was beautiful and delicious! Everything that came out of the kitchen looked amazing, I would definitely go again and recommend anyone who loves decadent sweetness to go there.
4	My husband and I came here for our last date until our baby arrived. I was 9 months pregnant and just wanted to go somewhere fun and out of the ordinary. This place was an excellent choice. Great atmosphere and great food. One tip I would give is to just valet at Caesar's Palace!
4	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place. The flavors and ideas are unique. When you're in Vegas a frozen hot chocolate is like a Godsend. Def try the frozen hot chocolate if you've never been but make sure to have it inside so you can have it in the big pretty bowl and get the "full" experience. The Oreo is my favorite flavor!
4	I've only eaten their Giant desserts, and have NO experience with the food. We bring the whole family to the Strip to walk around and we usually stop by here and have an ice cream. Our family of 5 rarely finishes it and its really good not just big. Fun place to people watch as it is usually pretty busy.
4	This review is only for the frozen hot chocolate because that's all I order.If you're like me and only ordering the frozen hot chocolate, then walk in and grab a seat at the bar to skip the long wait.My favorite is the regular frozen hot chocolate and the frozen mint hot chocolate. Make sure you are SHARING because the portion is quite large and sweet. The regular one is yummy, but because it's so sweet, I have a hard time finishing the whole thing. I like the mint one because it's not as sweet, so I can drink more of it :)Oh, this time, I also ordered the cheesekcake. It was the largest cheesecake that I've ever seen in my life and I was still eating it for days after.Tip: Check in on Foursquare for a free frozen hot chocolate with a $10 purchase
4	I went to this place several times while I was in high school. It's ESPECIALLY great place for high school students when it's for a sadies date or it's your prom night. I wasn't a big fan of their main dishes, however, I loved their sweet potato fries and desserts! They're known for their huge, delicious desserts. I've tried the frozen hot chocolate and oreo sundae. BOTH great! MUST TRY.  I really like the location. You have the option to sit outside and overlook the busy strip.
5	What can you say about this place that hasn't already been said. There's no question the food is awesome, desserts are like heavens little pillows, everyone wants one! It's hectic and seems messy because the staff is so busy serving there's not enough time to clean up. That would be my only qualm, but by far that is a little one. I would be back for another banana split or that cheesecake that walked by me! That looked tempting!
5	I love this restaurant. I have been to the NYC location and loved it so I thought it would be the perfect place to go in Las Vegas. This restaurant is so fun and perfect for any get together. The food is delicious and the dessert is ridiculously fun and made for sharing. Every sundae I have ordered there has been amazing and it is a fun place to go for a great time! The location is also really good and easy to find.
5	Had a great night. Came on with 3 of my friends. It was very busy but the hostess and manager made sure we were taken care of while the other manager was helping clean tables. Do see that every day. ( managers cleaning ) I'll be back next time for sure.
3	My family and I went to Serendipity 3 for desert. I was told this place was well known for its ice cream. So we walked from the New York-New York. We ordered the Banana Split Sundae. It definitely fed four anxious family members with ease (and I'm a pretty big individual). Bottom line: it was good but not worth the pricey tag associated with it.
2	Had brunch at this place on a Thursday.  There were no lines and no wait.  The food was average.  I had the hangover omelette.  Way too much fries.  The omelette was stuff with fries while having a side of fries.  Not a good combo.  Also had the oreo desert and that was good.  But that was the only good thing, the deserts.  The food was not good.  Felt like they are a place to eat desert and not food.  One member in our group ordered their pizza and it was burnt.  I told them to take it back and comp us for it, which they did.  Overall, I would not come here for the food, but I would for the desert.
1	Management reorg needed ASAP! This place would be so much better if someone that worked there actually took pride in their job. Over priced food that was just okay tasting. Ordered a piece of party it's like your birthday cake for dessert, it had finger prints of the person that cut it then grabbed it with his/her hand and placed it on the plate. I should've read the other reviews before wasting $75. The table next to us sent back a plate as well, not at all what we expected. Very disappointed. I've worked in the restaurant business and most horrible restaurants are due to poor management... Not coming back here again.
1	With all the places to go in Vegas, you would think people would know a thing or two about customer service. This place is a hot mess. We made a reservation for 9 and there is a "minimum amount" per person to spend. That is ridiculous in itself but the staff is beyond rude!!! We made a reservation. When we got there, They said they could sit us outside and they didn't have a table for us. Its 105 degrees in Vegas why on God green earth would we want to sit outside? What was the point of the reservation again?I asked to speak with the manager and she was rude as well, so I wasn't getting anywhere with her. The food was meh. Not worth going back, especially with the rude customer service!!!
4	Happy that I got to try this place!  We went there around noon before it got busy so got seated right away.     Frozen hot chocolate (3.5/5)  -- ordered the frozen hot chocolate for two.  When the server carried it out I was like wow this is huge!  If you just want to try it I think ordering a regular size and sharing it is a good idea.  The drink itself is pretty filling so I was already half full before the food came out.  The drink was good. Very rich.  Cold and refreshing.  Perfect for a hot summer day.  I would have given this 4 stars if it was less sweet.   Strawberry waffles (4/5) -- strawberries and whipped cream  sandwiched between two full size waffles with more strawberries and whipped cream on top.  The waffles were really fluffy, moist, and buttery.  They were thick so when you bite into it you get that light fluffy texture.  Very good.
5	The only thing I order from Serendipity is the famous frozen hot chocolate. You must be thinking, "How do they make hot chocolate FROZEN?" Well, you just have to come here and see for yourself. It's the most amazing drink ever, and it definitely hits the spot on a hot Vegas day. I have never eaten inside; I always order it outside to go. I make it my point to try to go to Serendipity to get the frozen hot chocolate whenever I'm in Vegas. Although it's $11 for a drink, I still go there anyways to get my fix. It's really that good. If you're a fan of hot chocolate or just chocolate, come here to try it! You won't be disappointed.
4	I've been to Serendipity several times during my various trips to Vegas. Its a great casual restaurant located right on the strip. It has a cute little whimsical vibe that simply makes me happy every time I come here. Serendipity is known for desserts, including frozen hot chocolate and the $1,000 golden opulence sundae. (Yes, $1,000... don't think I'll ever try that one unless I hit it big in the casino.) The frozen hot chocolate is very rich and tasty, and definitely a good thing to try while in the hot desert. During my most recent trip, my husband and I spilt the cookie sundae. The two of us together couldn't even finish it! Cookie dough ice cream mixed with three fresh baked cookies and topped with whipped cream and hot fudge... yum!All of the food I've ever had here has been pretty solid as well. The triple decker grilled cheese is my favorite. It's so flippin' cheesy and gooey! I love it! The portions are all very large and can easily be split between two... especially if you're planning on dessert. I always look forward to my next trip to Vegas, and Serendipity has become one of those staples for me that make the trip so great and fun.
3	Came here for the first time to try the frozen hot chocolate with the guys. thought it was just a random bar from the outside. waited about 15 minutes so we chilled out in the patio out front and people watched. Text us when our table was ready. Server was very cheeful and pleasant. Took our order, 3 frozen hot chocolates, order of onion ring tower, tacos and sliders. Food came pretty quick, Tacos and sliders were okay, enjoyed the onion rings. Looked for our server and couldn't find him for awhile, our water glasses were needing a refill. overall good experience.
3	I've been here twice now, the first time we waited 40 min to get a seat and eat. I recall the burgers and appetizers being decent, and the frozen hot chocolate was absolutely delicious! However, the long waits and slow service was not worth it.Came back a second time to again enjoy their frozen hot chocolate, and sat at the bar. We got the oreo, and it was okay this time.. It came almost right away which we found kind of odd, and it seems like someone's old order they returned and they left it in the fridge. It was kind of melty and we got our frozen hot chocolate with a pool of hot chocolate on the plate that it came with.. so messy and dirty. $12 for one but if you share with some theres a $4 extra charge.. I guess. Overall was okay and would only be back for the hot chocolate.. if I didnt get a Fat Tuesday first.
2	This place is very very over hyped in my opinion. Came here because most of the buffets in Vegas had already cut off their lines and my friends have been wanting to give it a try. The dining wait was about 45 minutes and by this time, we were all already too hangry to wait so we ordered in the outside togo/patio area instead. I got myself a bacon cheeseburger and fries. My burger was very bland and had no flavor at all. The meat wasn't even juicy, just dry. :( The fries were mediocre at best. I did try some of my friend's frozen hot chocolate (which is what they're famous for), and it was probably the best thing I had. Probably best to only grab the frozen hot chocolates here!
3	Nice variety of dessert, including ice cream sundaes but very slow service! Took forever to receive the check. Try the fried oreo sundae the next time you check this place out. This is also the restaurant that sells a sundae made out of gold for $1,000!
2	Frozen hot chocolate is still wonderful but save yourself the trouble and get it to go from the booth outside.  The hostess tonight told me they were 'fully committed' and had no more seats available for the whole night.  While standing outside, I overheard her tell the next couple that there was a slight wait and they would be seated in 25 minutes.  Not sure what I did to offend her but no dessert is worth such horrible service.
4	Biggest piece of cake I've ever seen! I had the roasted veggie sandwich and it was good. After I tasted my niece's frozen hot chocolate and it was a taste treat! The wait was a bit long and our poor waiter (tho GREAT) was a bit overtaxed, but all in all something you really OUGHT to do if you're there anyway! But be warned if you want to TALK to someone you're with... IT'S LOUDER than a 70's Pimp Suit!
1	Nothing like the Serendipity in NYC. We were very disappointed with our order. We ordered a banana split and they left out the strawberry ice cream and the ice cream was melted with melted whip cream. Our waiter David was ok but didn't seem to believe that our order was missing the strawberry ice cream. I guess he couldn't tell being that our order looked like a shake instead of a banana split. We will never return to this Serendipity
4	Visited recently for a late night dessert while in Vegas for a work conference.  As a result of a bad stand by wait during a previous visit, I made sure to make a reservation weeks ahead of time and it sure paid off.  My friend and I arrived at 9:50pm for our 10:00pm Saturday night reservation and were immediately seated.  Our waitress arrived at our table promptly and had large glasses of ice water to us almost immediately!  Knowing what we wanted ahead of time...frozen hot chocolates...we ordered quickly.  The waitress forewarned us that the kitchen was a bit backed up, but managed to get us our orders within 5 minutes.  Well, mostly...she accidentally picked up a mint frozen hot chocolate instead of the traditional one that I ordered.  Quickly resolved, I had a new, fresh frozen hot chocolate in front of me!  As usual, it was amazing and perfect for a hot evening in Las Vegas!  This is one of those Vegas must-do's!!
4	After hearing my gf talk about the "frozen hot chocolate" for so long, we stopped by S3 on our last Vegas trip. I still don't get why it's called frozen and hot, but whatever... The drink itself was way too sweet to enjoy. It was almost chalky/powdery. On the flip side, the food was good.They were out of the fried chicken and waffles... At 11am. Kinda disappointed, but I got the "Saints and Sinners" french toast log instead. WOW!!! It was amazing! Best french toast ever! The bread was so soft and fluffy. Didn't get the taste of egg.The omelettes aren't bad either. I always get mine with egg-whites. they don't skimp on the egg whites like most places. There was just way too much cheese on it; More than any other ingredient. Did I mention the french toast was bomb? Git it!
4	This is usually a treat for my friends from out of town. Locals generally stick to respective sides of town and only venture out when they have guests. Love the frozen hot chocolate and I've had that Golden Opulence dessert with a client of mine.  Price is high, its a bit cramped at times and there is a horde of tourists outside, but a fun place to say you've gone to. Cheers
1	WOW.  what a let down.  My very first impression of this place: DIRTY.  As I opened the menu, my second thought was, "EXPENSIVE!"  was this ice cream made of gold?  I mean, even for Vegas, it was expensive.  My husband and I decided to share a sundae.  Overpriced, melty, took like 25 minutes... why??  It's ice cream, not a beer wellington!  Won't be going back.
2	Fried bar food disguised as trendy cuisine. This place survives on name and location.
5	Had a great lunch at here! Triple grilled cheese and a Stella. Exactly what I was looking for. Travis was a great help and gave me some dessert suggestions. Deep fried Twinkie sundae won out in the end. Come hungry:)
4	Very fun casual setting with an outdoor patio right on the strip great for people watching... I have not tried their food but this is a must stop to try their famous frozen hot chocolate!  It's a nice sweet treat that comes in multiple flavors (some even with alcohol) to help beat the Vegas summer heat
4	This place has some of the most amazing desserts I've ever seen... And the food looks amazing as well... My only complaint is against the staff... First we had to wait in line for about 20 min outside where it was like 105 degrees outside and when we got to the desk we were told it would be a half hour wait... (No problem, it's worth it) but then the girl at the front desk just sat there and rolled her eyes and talked crap about all the customers! "I said you have to wait outside" that is not my problem" just stupid little remarks like that under her breathe about everyone who talked to her.... If you hate your job that much then go find another one!!
4	The original frozen hot chocolate was great! Defiantly use the to-go window instead of waiting 30 min for a table because it's pretty much the same menu available (unless you really care to have the sit down experience). They unfortunately didn't have every flavor version of the frozen hot chocolate wasn't available when I went that's why I give it 4 instead of 5 stars.
2	We made a reservation online - it was 7PM and said we couldn't get in until 10:30 - then we went there at 8PM and got sat immediately - hmmmmm...The wait staff- which was all men - no women while we were there - was all very aloof, giving off a "you are lucky to be eating here" kinda vibe - annoying...the footlong chili dog i split was great (thus the 2nd star)then we waited over TWENTY minutes for our desert... which had a TON of chocolate on that and my guest was a little overwhelmed by the amount of chocolate - not a bad problem to have i guess.But when we asked the mananger what they normally do when someone doesn't actually like their dish she was so incredibly rude - Sodie (sp?) was her name - that I it turned me off completely.I will never go back to this place again - over rated and a tourist trap.  I used to go to the original one in NYC in the 90's and i met the wonderful owners several times - they would have never stood for this kind of behavior towards customers...oh well - took three tries to get a table in the past - thought it would be the best experience of the week - but ended up our worst
1	So my family went to Vegas to celebrate my daughter's birthday. Of course this is the perfect place to sing to her. I'm willing to spend $200-$300 for our family. We came in and it was 100 degree outside, we were all tired and hungry.  Then this family came and cut in, this lady ( the mom) cut in with a straight face and didn't even care cause she knows she's doing it on purpose. My husband told her husband we were in line but I said to him it's ok cause they were only party of 3 and we have 6 in our group anyway. Then I told my husband, "just be grateful your not married to that kind of woman." And the husband heard, the husband and her kid was embarrassed by that woman's attitude. People, don't embarrass your family just for a table! Anyway, so we got our table....our waitress asked what we want for a drink, I gave her our order and I said that's all and I said "That's all"....and she said, "that's all you are going to order". And I'm thinking for a drink "yes". She left and I saw her whispering to another waitress, and I'm like..... hmmmm???? Then I came close To her register and asked to sing for my daughter, so she said to order a desert, so I did and she  brought the sundae with a candle and DIDN'T even sing to my daughter.... She just left it on our table. So we just sang to my daughter, just us!!!! How RUDE!!!! Our waitress is this black lady, that looks like a unemployed stripper/semi retired prostitute. And she's also too slow!!! Then we were waiting to order, looking at their yummy looking food. And we can't understand why she's taking too long to come back. After 30 minutes she came back with a receipt!!!! WTF!!!!! There's six of us and we only ordered drinks and you thought that's all we're ordering!!!! Dumb waitress!!!! We're celebrating my daughter's birthday!!! Anyway we were so pissed that we just decided to leave. This place is understaff..... their sundae are too sweet, the frozen chocolate drink that everyone is talking about is too grainy. YuKkk!!! And they have one dumb black waitress that needs training. I can't believe I didn't check her name. The other waitress seem nice and faster. But she's just too slow and obviously this place is under staff. They overcharge people and their understaff. Ridiculous!!!! Never will I come to this place again!
1	Well below average and not worth going to. This is the most over rated restaurant on the strip. I think Paris Hilton made it famous by having their overpriced dessert, and that alone should have told me that it is going to be a bad experience.As others have also posted, we had reservations and were on a time crunch for a lunch break between meetings, which is why we made reservations. We had about an hour and a half to eat before my wife had to return to her conference. Well after waiting 45 minutes to be seated after the time our reservation was set for, and then another 15 minutes for our server to show up, we made the mistake of ordering.Well, my wife did not get to eat because the food took so long and she had to return to her conference. I stuck around for our server to finally re-appear and had them box up our food, which never made it to our table. After all that the food and fries were less then average and not worth the time, effort, or money it took to get them. There are a hundred better places to eat in Vegas, don't be fooled by this place!
2	Not a fan of their burgers. Looks good but too dry! Tried their famous frozen hot chocolate. Taste was okay. Thought I can make the same kind of drink on my own.
4	Our server was very friendly and nice. He knew were burnt and tired from Edc, he even told us he's been for 11 years 0_0 That's pretty crazy and cool! The portions here are humungo! I shared with my friend and ate it myself. There was still no dent made in the pasta haha. We all got to-go boxes for our orders. YOU HAVE TO GET FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE (the original one)!!! Don't get white chocolate frozen hot chocolate, it's too sweet, we couldn't even drink it.
3	After being forced to watch the movie, I knew I wanted to try out this ice cream shop!  I've been avoiding stopping by since this place is always busy.  I mean lines wrapping around and everything!  That means it must be good, right? So on one of my recent trips, I decided to brave the sun and the long line and tried me some Serendipity.I only tried one thing on the menu so this review will be a short one.  I had the much talked about Frozen Hot Chocolate.  It was decent, the serving size was overkill, and it was a truly decadent and rich treat.  It was just a little too sweet and powdery for my liking and I think it had more whipped cream than actual frozen hot chocolate.  I think I would much rather spend my money inside Caesar's Palace at a delicious dessert shop with the best macarons ever.  For a frozen hot chocolate though, I think I'll stick with San Francisco's Ghirardelli Square.This ice cream shop is sickeningly cute.  Like every other place on The Strip, the theme is rampant and the atmosphere is worth a few selfies for Instagram.  Stop by if you're an ice cream fanatic.  I hope you don't mind the wait and the obvious tourist trap that makes up Serendipity.
5	I went here last year on my trip to VEGAS with a friend and we made this a "must eat" place. The portions are huge, you can easily split an appetizer with 3-4 people and an entree can serve anywhere from 2-4 people. The food was just as tasty as it was gigantic. We got the nachos, which I would recommend and I got the hangover which is basically eggs with EVERYTHING. I would say go with a larger group and splitPlates or if you go with only 2People Agree on something and split itBetween the Two of you. They are great about wrapping things to go but the Vegas heat will do a number on yourFood if you aren't going To a show or back to your hotel, we saw LOVE right after so everything was fine.
2	This is a review for their TOGO food menu:I ordered the works hot-dog. A foot long, and $11. Worth it? I think not. Go towards the Venetian from Quad and you'll see a foot long selling for $2. The pizza my friend ordered (BBQ Chicken) is probably more worth your money but still not amazing either. And no free tap water, really? Oh Vegas, how you dehydrate us. I feel like my experience might have been better if I did sit down inside the restaurant rather than taking togo. But maybe another day if I'm in the mood for frozen hot chocolate.
2	Came here yesterday before leaving vegas and had the worst experience ever here.   We sat outside and they had one waiter, for like 50 people so everything took forever to get but that is not the waiters fault.  The food part was good when we finally got it but the dessert which was a, deep fried snicker sundae came out almost fully melted so we sent it back and the second wasn't much better.  It was 11 in the morning so the ice cream, should have been nice and cold and firm not a running liquid mess and the deep fried snickers weren't even deep fried they were cold and just taken out of a package. The whole visit took 2 hour when it should have only tooken a little over an hour cause the food was ready but the waiter just couldnt get to it because of dealing with so many people by himself.  Very disappointed visit to this place.
4	One of my favorite places to eat in vegas. Food is great, though pricey - but that's the norm on the strip. Desserts are amazing and they have a $5 happy hour which is awesome. Sat at the bar last time I visited and the bartender was rude and unfriendly but that won't stop me from returning next time I'm in vegas. Highly recommended !
3	I recently went here for a birthday. We came solely for dessert. My little sis and I ordered a frozen hot chocolate to share. Normally, the presentation of their desserts are on point, but this time it was different. My frozen hot chocolate was melting and dripping over the cup before we were even able to take our first bite. I recommend this place but demand a new one if your dessert appears this way.
5	I've eaten at this restaurant a few different times, and I must say that I'm a huge fan.  It's located just outside of Caesar's Palace, and is considered one of the more "affordable" restaurants in Vegas.  I put affordable in quotes, because it's obviously a relative term.  It's still not exactly cheap, but the food and desserts are both really good.  First off, the portion size of the sandwiches and burgers are huge.  I had a burger on our first visit, It had bacon and blue cheese on it, and came with a ton of fries.   Their sandwiches could most definitely be split between two people if you aren't starving hungry.  If you eat a whole sandwich or burger by yourself, trust me you won't have room for dessert.  My wife and I learned this on our second trip, as we simply spilt a chicken sandwich and fries, which was more than plenty for the both of us.We splurged and got this cookie sundae for dessert.  It was huge!  It came with a few scoops of cookie dough ice cream, and had a few homemade cookies on top, along with hot fudge and whipped cream.  Makes me hungry just thinking about it now.  If you split a meal and a dessert, you can walk out of here for less than $40 including tip.  Some folks may consider that expensive.  Again, affordable is a relative term. :)  I'm a big fan of this place, and would go back here anytime.  I have to thank my wife for helping discover this place.  Check it out if you're in Vegas!
1	:(  Here's the TL;DR- Average food for above average price- Meals were cold when servedThese are the facts:I made a reservation to celebrate my 5th wedding anniversary, I let the hostess know when I called and when I arrived that we were celebrating with our family and that most of us drove from out of state to have this meal, we were super excited. We sat nestled between the entrance and the hostess desk so that half of the table had the privilege of scooting our chairs for other parties being seated farther in the back, and the other table got to sit with the 3 hostesses' booties on their neck all evening.We ordered drinks which were refilled only once during our pleasant 2 hour stay. Our orders were taken about 30 minutes from our being seated, but we didn't receive our food for another hour.These are not my feelings, these are the cold, hard facts.Cold and hard like the $26 fried chicken my husband ordered. His mashed potatoes were a soupy consistency. I have a picture if you wanna see.My ABC Chicken sandwich was okay, the C stands for caramelized onions, but it was cold by the time I got a hold of it so they were more like soggy worms. Okay, that's not a fact, I don't know what worms are like but I can imagine.More facts:Someone in our party ordered a burger with no pink, but when he bit into it it was still bloody. The waiter did pop by 30 minutes later and asked if he wanted it remade but everyone's bubble had been burst by then. I told the manager I wasn't happy with my experience or the quality of the food. She was offended when I compared it to Red Robin, but I've never had a cold meal or left dissatisfied, so I think I did Red Robin a disservice by comparing these two. Sorry big red bird.After the manager got over her indignation, she comped us a sundae. So our party of 8 shared a sundae. Kudos lady, thanks.I felt bad that my family wasted time and money here. It was my decision and I have to live the rest of my life with that on my shoulders. Maybe I'll write the company instead of writing a passive-aggressive review on a third-party site... I think I'll do that.
1	We ate there this weekend. Food was terrible, service was worse. My husband ordered the ctab cake sandwich and took 1 bite. Server never ask how was our food. We will never go back
3	I've been here a couple of times, and they do seem to rest firmly on the reputation of their NYC location and not put much of an effort into anything when it comes to the service.Ultimately it is just not quite worth it to go unless you are really jonesing for a Frozen Hot Chocolate.  The location is terrible if that is the only place you are going to, and the prices are far too high for what you end up getting.
4	Pros:- We had a pizza (can feed 2 not-too-hungry people), coffee, a hot chocolate, and a kids' sliders meal. All the food and drinks were great.- We sat outside on the patio. Very comfortable. Nice view.- Our server (a huge burly man with a plethora of arm tattoos) was ultra-friendly, make things very comfortable, and even covered our drinks! Wish I knew his name. Shout-out!Cons:- A little bit pricey for what it is, but then again, so is everything on the LV strip. Overall: The great service highlighted our experience, but the food will also satisfy.
2	I only wanted to try this place out because Blair & Serena from Gossip Girl would reference this place. As a faithful follower, of course I had try this place out. I've attempted to actually dine and eat in the restaurant numerous times- but it was always so crowded. I definitely recommend making a reservation because this place is always jammed packed. If you can't make it inside, they do have an outdoor to go window where you can get their famous hot chocolate and other sweet & savory goodies.As for the food itself, I've tried the classic frozen hot chocolate and the red velvet sundae. The hot chocolate honestly just tastes like a thicker milkshake..nothing tok special, & definitely over hyped. I personally liked the red velvet sundae better. Also, beware! These servings are huge and should be shared in my opinion :)
4	Our last meal in Vegas before heading home :( we came for breakfast on a Saturday morning at 9:30am, and were happy (and unsurprised) to find plenty of open tables.  Delicious hangover omelette and chocolate chip pancakes.  Our server was friendly and wonderful.  I got a frozen hot chocolate to go because I couldn't bear the thought of leaving without trying it.  It was delicious and frosty on a hot morning.  Can't wait to come back!
3	meh
3	Soooo, made a reservation for a Monday afternoon (yes, it was busy) but seated ubber quick and tried to narrow down our lunch choices from the ginormous menu. So, food... Eh. Not awesome, not bad. Frozen amaretto hot chocolate...freaking amazing. Banana split (small portion) tasty...and HUGE. Think we'll stop by again but just for dessert this time... Better dinner/lunch spots than this.
5	Splitting a frozen milkshake is a fantastic romantic date!
3	A necessary visit in this crazy heat, as we walked from Bally's to Caesar's over the ramps and what really attracted us to make a pit stop was more b/c of the outdoor seating with the spray-mist to cool us down in this crazy heat of 40 C degrees.Ordered the sundae, and really didn't think it was anything special, but it's presented nice.  Just didn't like the long lineups for this.Yet, it's a more than decent place to take a date to lol.Happy hour available with a few option between lunch and dinner.
1	I've lived in Vegas for over 25 years and this place by far is the most underwhelming restaurant on the strip I've ever been too. Not to mention when the menus were slapped down on the table it left some piece of food smashed on it. Really yummy. Chunks of food under our table. The backs of the chairs had all sorts of splatter marks of food or who knows what. Yummy. Believe me, I'm all about making money and I'll spend money on food but to charge $5 for a fountain drink is offensive! I will never be back and I am so glad I didn't bring an out of town guest here or I would have been embarrassed.
2	Service was pathetically slow.  Sat down for 15 minutes before our waitress appeared.  Finally got our food after 30 minutes of waiting. Keep in mind that it was 9:30 am on a Sunday and there weren't lots of people, so I don't understand the slow service. We got help from 2 other waitresses yet the service was still slow. I ordered the hangover omelet and it was bland. The frozen hot chocolate is delicious but the overall experience made it not worth it. Do yourself a favor and skip this place.
2	It's was okay.Don't get me wrong, I loved loved the serendipity in NYC when I visited. From the decor to the service to the atmosphere, everything was so charming. This was however feels much more like a diner, with the prices of high end American food..Having said that, I do admit the portions are quite large, easily sharable. (Although the $4 split plate charge is ridiculous). And the desserts are delicious. My suggestion? Spend your money somewhere else, like Earl of sandwiches and come here for late night desserts.
5	best ice cream!
4	Came here with a big group of people for breakfast.  Service was well and food was great.
4	Pricey, but this is to be expected for a restaurant on the strip. The regular frozen hot chocolate is our family favorite over the other flavors.
1	I have been hearing about this place for quite a while now so I decided that it was time to try it out. I would love to have been able to try the food and write a review based on that, but unfortunately I didn't even have the opportunity to try their food so my review is solely based on SERVICE.I came in on a Monday morning which meant that it was fairly slow. We had to walk around asking the waiters if we sit anywhere or if there was someone to seat us, in which they just pointed to one direction and told me to speak with the hostess. Not a big deal. After we spoke to the hostess, she was able to seat us down promptly and gave us menus. The waitress came by with waters for us and told us she'd be back shortly to take our order. 15 minutes later, she came to take our drink order. A friend of mine ordered a coke and the rest of us was content with our water. She came back with the coke and left sooner than we could ask to put our order in. So we sat there patiently and waited for her. 15 minutes later, we see her walking around and talking to customers and still have not come back to simply take our order. At this point, we ran out of patience and decided to leave. Right when we were about to leave, she came back and asked if we were ready. I told her that we decided to leave instead and she had the nerve to charge my friend for her UNTOUCHED coke. We were so furious that we just gave her the EXACT cash and left. Didn't take her name or collect the reciept which I wish I would have so I could include it this review.I am very big on service, but I am understanding in certain scenarios. But 30 mins of waiting on a slow day to simply take our order is definitely unacceptable. I don't even care to try their food anymore. It seemed overpriced and nothing special. Instead, I walked across the street to The Quad and had Hash House instead; for half the price, the service was top knotch and it was extremely busy there. You can read my review for that location because I will definitely be giving them a five star after compared to this horrible experience with Serendipity 3.
1	I'm never stepping foot in this place again.  Service is generally slow, but waiting 30 minutes for food was a bit excessive.  To top it off our server was not friendly, and he admittedly forgot to ring in a drink I ordered in the beginning.  Our food came out cold, my burger wasn't cooked at the right temperature, and the pasta we ordered needed a heavy hand of salt.Overpriced, mediocre food, with crap service- not even worth it.This place should stick to being desserts only.
5	LOVE this place! It's a must for us every time we visit Vegas. The portions are huge and the food is delicious! We ordered the nachos and steak sandwich, which easily could have fed 4 adults. The service was speedy, our waitress was knowledgeable, and the prices aren't bad for the amount of food you get.
1	I really wanted to like this place, but didn't.  If you want to overpay for mediocre food & service, you've come to the right place.   I'd only recommend coming here for dessert, but if you're coming for the food and shakes, think again...In & Out Burger's not too far away (and better)!
4	The best sundae I've had so far! I got the Lookie Lookie give me cookie Sundae. The portions are huge and one dessert is definitely enough for two, unless you are really hungry! The service was fine, we got our table after 15 minutes, and our waiter was great. I would say the price was good compared to what we got served. You may be spending a little bit extra on a dessert, but you get what you pay for. If you ever go to Vegas, Serendipity3 Is worth stopping by for a late-night snack.
5	best place
4	Frozen hot chocolate! I'm sure that's exactly what everyone else said too, but do it! It's seriously delicious. The food is a bit above your average diner food and pretty expensive considering the location.They have weird hours too. The last few times I've been to Vegas they've been closed earlier than their posted hours or they were just closed for the day entirely. Fun place though. Good location, pretty good food and a loud fun atmosphere.
3	So, I loved going to the serendipity in Miami, but Las Vegas Serendipity 3 does not measure up. The desserts are always phenomenal, but the chili that my wife loved in Miami was not good here. It didn't taste or look luxurious like it did in Miami. It looked and tasted like hamburger meat versus being cubed with a slight sweetness in Miami. On a happier note, the wings were pretty good and the "outrageous banana split" was excellent. Overall: would go somewhere for lunch/ dinner and would come to Serendipity 3 for dessert.
3	Finally had time to stop by the infamous Serendipity this time this time around and it was just alright. The wait was quite long as expected. You would think that, being in the middle of the desert, there would be more space where you wait but there were three chairs and everyone was super cramped.We ordered three different Frozen Hot Chocolates; The Original, White Chocolate, and the one with coffee. All three were way too sweet. It was like drinking chocolate syrup. The White Chocolate was the richest, it tastes like nougat. We all agreed that the best tasting one was the coffee one.There are also Frozen Hot Chocolate mixes for sale. The pouches are $7 and cans are $19.
3	This is a popular joint here along the strip, but the lines here isn't worth the food you're waiting for.  Sugar factory is  much better alternative if you don't have the 45 minutes to spend waiting to be seated.
4	Pretty good. Our waiter was awesome and very attentive. It was a little pricey, but that's Vegas for you. I had the BBQ chicken pizza that was recommended by out waiter. It was decent.
3	Every time i come to Vegas I usually stop here for the kids.the food is overpriced and not that great.but they love the frozen hot chocolate sundaes.there expensive, but the memories are worth every penny!!
2	Was in Las Vegas with some friends last weekend, we went for brunch on Saturday around noon. After a 30 minute wait we got the lucky table by the door and my sister kept being brushed up against by people coming in and leaving! Our food took another 30 minutes to come out. Not only did it come out cold, but my friend ordered a rare steak, came out medium well! I give it 2 stars because our server was fantastic. He let us know right away that the food would be slow to come out. When we complained about our food he was able to get some of it comped and he brought us free dessert! We all felt really bad for him because he kept apologizing for everything when clearly it was not his fault! If you want a good brunch, skip this place, not worth it.
1	My wife and I stopped in while on our anniversary date night out, unfortunately it was the low point of our night. We started at the outside window but were ignored until we said something and were treated rude so we went inside. As soon as we walked we got hit with a disgusting odor. It smelled like dirty feet and a gym room...ACK!!! The interior is very cheap as well. We made our way over to the tiny bar and ordered overpriced drinks from their less than subpar selection. This took awhile too but then headed outside where we could breathe again. My beer was warm and my wife's drink was sour and gross. The outside waiter was rude and couldn't answer a simple question. We finally decided to go elsewhere and revive our night. This place does not represent Caesar's Palace well at all. I will not recommend this place to anyone or return ever again.
3	Only come here for their dessert, honestly.  Their food is greasy and average at best but the Frozen Hot Chocolate is to die for and something to experience.Onion Ring Tower: This is probably the only acceptable dish here.  Steak and Egg Sandwiches: Huge ass sandwich.  Serving is 2 or more.  The sandwich is super greasy and the steak itself was tough.  Frozen Hot Chocolate: Saves this restaurant from a 1 or 2 star.  It is super heavenly and the presentation is magnificient.  I wouldn't share this with anyone if I had the choice.
3	It was a SUPER hot day out when we went to visit Las Vegas and Serendipity 3 was kind of an oasis for us. They have a large indoor seating area that is kind of reminiscent of a candy store/50s diner hybrid. We didn't actually get food there, or sit in the restaurant for that matter. We were in search of the frozen hot chocolate we had heard so much about. The indoor seating area was pretty packed when we went so we went to the bar/patio area outside that is facing the strip. The bartender was very nice and had our frozen hot chocolate out in a jiffy. Needless to say, the cold drink hit the spot on that scorching day. However, while the coldness of the drink cooled me down, I realized that the hot chocolate powder doesn't really dissolve leaving a kind of gritty and super sugary taste. Also, in the outdoor seating area, they spray water mist, which was both great and a little uncomfortable at the same time while I was trying to enjoy my drink. The mist was starting to form a layer of water on my skin, I could only imagine what it could do to my food. It was $17 for a double size frozen hot chocolate which was also a little pricey in my opinion. All together, if you have a big sweet tooth and are looking to have something on a hot day, this might be the place (and treat) for you if you are willing to spend money. Otherwise, I wouldn't really recommend making a special trip out here just for the drink.
2	It's good for desserts...famous for the frozen hot chocolate.  But really all of the sundaes and cake are delicious.  Definitely a must-try for all the sweet-tooths out there!  I think the food is ok and there are definitely many American options (salads, burgers, sandwiches, pizza, etc), but really it's about the treats!
4	Love the pistachio frap. Delicioso!
3	The frozen hot chocolate is a bit overrated.The milkshakes are overpriced and not that great.They actually charge you an extra couple dollars if you want to split an entree with someone.The food is usually pretty good,and it's one of the more affordable places to eat on the strip
5	I work at a restaurant on the strip, and when people ask for recommendations, I always name this place. Every single person I've taken here loves it. The food is great with big portions, and the service is amazing!!! Definitely a must in vegas. I usually only come here for breakfast, can't go wrong with that.
2	What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, right? I wish that were true, but I seem to have the memories of our Brunch at Serendipity. Our group of 4 guys arrived around noon for...brunch I guess. At least it was brunch time. There wasn't a wait for a table even though we wanted to be seated inside. We were ready to order pretty quickly, but it took our waitress quite a long while to collect our drink order (which was 3 waters and a coffee). Once we finally ordered, two of us settled on Omelets and two went with sandwiches. Then the wait began again. About 20 minutes later, the food finally arrived. The omelets were normal size, but very plain. The omelet was very dry, as if it had been sitting under a heat lamp for a while (trust me, it was Vegas in July, I knew the feeling of sitting under a heat lamp). My cup of fruit was not quite a full measuring cup size, but it did have fresh berries and melons, which was nice. I'm told the sandwiches were quite good and obnoxiously large. One friend ordered the steak and eggs which turned out to be about a pound of steak, an 18" hoagie, 3 fried eggs, and bacon. When we finished our meal, we looked around for the waitress. Then we waited. Then we waited. Then we waited. Then we waited. You get the point. Then she finally came and told us she would bring the check. Then we waited. Then we waited. Finally we got the check and continued in our waiting pattern for her to come back for our cards, run them, and bring our cards back. For all future Vegas trips, I intend to skip this place unless I'm looking to eat a mediocre, overpriced 30 minute meal that is leisurely crammed into 90 minutes. Normally this would be a 1 star review, but my fiends enjoyed their sandwiches at least so I'm being generous.
2	Not really sure what all the fuss is about. It is poorly located and feels out of place. The food was pretty average. I had the skirt steak and it was actually greasy, and bland. If its going to be greasy at least it should have some flavor. The frozen hot chocolate was good, but not amazing. The scenery was fine, I get what they are trying to do, but its contrived and just seems out of place. Funny thing is that I really want to like it, but the food was just not good. I will try again in hopes that it was a bad night.
3	Not the greatest of foods but their dessert is worth it!Buffalo wings as an appetizer - decentPlain burger - it was pretty good but there was a lot of bunFried chicken & mashed potatoes - the chicken wayyy over-fried I would possibly go back and order the burger but the selling point to get me there would be the frozen hot chocolate.  Definitely a must try!
1	I ordered a shake (I think) from here, or some kind of desert that tasted like sweet, chocolatey water with whip cream. I added Reese's cups to it for an extra 1.50 thinking id get many. When it came out, there was only 3 mini Reese's cups. Yeah it was gross and not worth the money. Plus the cups looked all disgusting and we didn't get water until we were leaving! A nice customer shared this huge piece of chocolate cake and then we left.
5	Frozen Peanut Butter Hot Chocolate?!?! Nuff' said!
4	Made a reservation for a brunch here with my fam. The food was just okay for me. A bit pricey but I have expected it. But definitely love the Frozen Hot Chocolate!!!
2	Very overrated place.Don't get me wrong the food is great, but $14 or was it $17 for chicken strips? COT DAMN sonnnn....Like their prices are super ridiculous. My friend got chicken and waffles and it had some potatoes but that meal was good too but $23 or somethin like that, and I bet Roscoe's is better and cheaper than this place. and I honestly don't get their whole "Frozen hot chocolate" shindig thing. like dude..... it's JUST a chocolate shake with a twist, no need to add the HOT part in it. hahah me and my friend were just rambling and saying how we dont get it...... no doubt its good but stop trying to make something that it's not. its not fucking hot. hahaha. But places like this that just lure people in for its reputation and overcharge people for very normal plates gets under my skin. sorry dont hate me!...their chicken strips didn't even come with fries -__________-
1	This is a review more on the management side of this restaurant.  We arrived at 4pm.  About 30% of Serendipity 3 was empty inside and out.   Great right?  No- they would not seat the 3 of us because "they did not have enough servers".  I asked could we just sit in one of the empty tables and wait, we could just wait with a glass of water.  They said "no, but you can sit at the bar".  OK- if you have ever seen Serendipity 3, does it make sense to have only 3 servers?  2 people were acting as Hostess.  Perhaps they could have thought, "Gee, we are understaffed, maybe a Hostess should become immediately a Waitress to cover the restaurant." Nope. And so we  crammed into the bar area while a bunch of tables were just left empty.  Nice. Now, let me say, the waitress we eventually had was very nice and the bartender was working hard.  BUT, the restaurant was not full and it took a LONG time to receive our ordered food.  4pm on the Vegas Strip, not 4AM!That being said, the food tasted good and the Frozen Hot Chocolate was a home run hit.  So park at the Caesar's parking lot, walk all the way through the casino, and good luck if you think you will be easily seated at Serendipity 3 when it is 30% empty.
3	Of course the atmosphere here is wayyy better than in NYC.. definitely dine outside! The food is different than the NYC location.. we got burgers and fries and I prefer the New York food for sure. Not that it was bad, just not as tasty IMO. We split the original fro-ho which was good as usual. This location has a much broader fro-ho selection which sounded amazing (like amaretto!) but I had to stick with the original. I also think the dessert tastes better in New York, but again, not terrible. They also have alcohol, so we got birthday cake shots. Waiter was very nice. I'll probably be back next time I'm in Vegas because it's a fun environment & the food is fun but for the most part just average :)
3	Just ok nothing special
1	Horrible service today, 8/2/14, around 5:30pm. We waited a long time in line because the person taking orders was pretty leisurely about it. But the WORST was the 30 minute wIt for a corn dog and French fries!! Everyone ordering ice cream sundaes gets served first by the same cook the makes the food like hamburgers and for dogs as well! We were #27 and ice ream orders in the high 30's were being Called while we were still waiting. Worst thing is when I saw our food up and they still didn't call our #. Stay away. Not worth waiting half hour in 100+ degree heat.
5	LOVE the deep fried oreo sunday. A must every time we visit vegas.
3	Great atmosphere, especially if you're sitting outside!  You get a great view of the strip, and the decor is fun in a cute candyshop kind of way :)Food is decent, however the prices are obviously high considering its prime location in front of Caesars'.  Sandwiches/hot dog are ENORMOUS. The famous Frozen Hot Chocolate is delicious and also ENORMOUS (and also $$$). I got mine with fresh berries and it was pretty yummers!My 2 complaints about this place are as follows:1. Uber slow service.....like incredibly, mind-numbingly SLOW. I've been here twice, and both times the service has been snail-paced. 2. Bathroom is outside around the corner somewhere, and it's kinda gross...
5	we stopped in after dinner and everyone ordered something different so we could all try, I am a HUGE fan of just a Hot Fudge Sundae, let me say I licked the bowl and plate for this is by far the best Hot Fudge I have ever had!!!wish we had one in Huntington Beach Cali
4	Frozen Hot Chocolate = Bomb! The Filipino lady working the front area = not so nice.... But what do you expect from tourist destinations!
4	Deserts are fantastic and you should really come here for the deserts, literally any of them are delicious. The food itself isn't that amazing so eating there isn't really worth the price. Go for the deserts!
1	Deeply disappointed in the food & drink, but the waiter was terrific!Pros:- Terrific waiter, really on top of things.  Nice guy, too.- Location, right in front of Caesar's PalaceCons:- Food quality:  My hamburger sliders were severely undercooked, so much that I had to ask for the manager, and I have done that less than 5 times in 25 years.  To his credit he did not charge me for the sliders (they were a health hazard) and gave us a 20% discount for the poor kitchen performance. - Speed of the kitchen:  The restaurant was not terribly busy, yet still our order took more than 30 minutes to arrive.  - Drink quality:  Mixed drinks were weak and expensive.  My wife had a $14 basic, frozen margarita and she couldn't taste the tequila.  I had a $10 basic bourbon & water, and it was weak, too.  - Prices: You pay for convenient location on the strip, in front of Caesar's Palace.  A $14 house frozen margarita?  Come on.   Overall:  My whole family was deeply disappointed in this experience.  We paid $102 for a basic dinner for a family of five, and that includes no charge for the raw slider hamburgers, a 20% discount for the rest of the bill, and a 20% tip for the waiter for his terrific service.  The manager was nice, and did not push back at all once he saw the raw sliders, so I appreciate his response.   I have had worse.  Still, I was disappointed.  So was my family.
3	Overindulgence at its best! Before going big, talk it over with your dinning partner. Portions are big enough to share. This includes the fishbowl drinks. Come hungry and sober and it guaranteed to leave this place feeling totally opposite of either of those feelings. You've been learnt.
4	After asking the server about the food here my husband and I decided to share everything! It's all about big portions here and loud music. Good selections of music by the way. Appetizer: nachos- they were good, with an odd hint of lime that made it complete. After getting down on a few my husband found plastic in her mouth. A big piece too, I'm just glad she didn't choke. Lunch: the famous steak sandwich- it had 3 sunny side up eggs that made it good. If the steak was a thinner and the eggs weren't over cooked it would have been phenomenal. Dessert: deep fried snickers sundae- this sundae over flowed with peanut butter and chocolate sauce. The candy them selves we're dipped in cocoa puff cereal and deep fried. Such a good way to get fat and be happy.By the end of our lunch, our waiter took care of our dessert, gave us a free signature dessert, and took off the appetizer. He gave us an experience the owner would be proud of. We'd come back.
3	Fun!
4	If you're looking for a spectacular meal, this is not the place for you. However, the dessert is amazing and worth the experience. The menu items excluding dessert are hit or miss but the dessert never disappoints. I went with my family a few days ago and we ordered the treasure chest for dessert- not a small feat but absolutely delicious and great for sharing with a large party.
3	The meal was quite good, but the frozen hot chocolate is a bit overrated and prices overall are out of line with the food. Portions are typical to large (by American standards), but I can have similar food elsewhere for about 2/3rds the cost. Yeah, yeah, it's Caesars, but we're talking $14 for a cold hot chocolate with ice chunks (c'mon, your blender can certainly do a better job than that!). Kids loved it, though!
3	I LOVE the original Serendipity in NYC and when they opened this LV outpost I Had to drag my friends here on the last couple LV trips to try the infamous frozen hot chocolate. Well, the hot chocolate and all the food is as yummy as I remember but I have to say the service at this outpost is always lacking. I've been 3 or so times and it's always super super slow, and to some degree I can't blame the waiter staff cuz they all seem to be working their tail off but it's almost like they are just always understaffed. I seriously think they need to re-evaluate their staffing needs cuz the place is almost always full and the service is always like this. So basically.. I would still go back and suggest you go, even if just once, to try the amazing frozen hot chocolate but just go at a time when you aren't in a hurry or in a bad mood. ;) Hint: they take reservations and I highly suggest you make one cuz otherwise the wait to be seated can be really long.
2	Meh... My experience here back in June with friends wasn't that pleasant. We got seated a few minutes after I checked in since I made reservations for me and friends. I ordered the Mint Frozen Hot Chocolate and it was okay. Our food twas taking forever to arrive and we've noticed that the tables surrounding us that were seated maybe 20 minutes after us got their food before we did. We found out that our server didn't even put our order in so we sat on our table literally waiting for nothing. We all got irritated and told our server to cancel our order and left. I guess at least I got to taste the frozen hot chocolate but whatevs.
5	It's really sad reading all these reviews... Ppl say food was excellent and service was great but it was expensive and leave only 1 star. Problem with Yelp right there... This place is amazing, every time I go to Vegas, I eat here a couple of times. Yes, sometimes they are crazy busy but they handle it well. Food never disappoints. Drinks are expensive... But in case you didn't know, you are in Las Vegas. I think there's a Denny's down the street if price is an issue.
4	I like to bring my niece here. It's a fun place, especially if you can sit outside on the deck. Little kids love it. I've always had good waiters and waitresses but sometimes the service is very, very sloooow. The sandwiches are very good and the deserts are amazing, but nothing here is cheap so expect to pay around $100 for just 2 or 3 people.
2	Food will not knock your socks off. Food borders on ordinary to bland. Frozen beverages taste like flavored sugar. Definitely over rated. Plus place is always packed!
5	Really good place to cure your hangover. Lots of sweets and deep fried food to relieve a crazy night in vegas. Only thing is its a bit pricey...but who cares in vegas! Definitely worth trying.
2	Diner food at Las Vegas prices... THANK GOD FOR GROUPON! The service was fine, we sat at the bar. The food was eh' okay. My partners burger was raw, but that was quickly remedied. The giant, get fat in one sitting, ice cream thing we had was a bit much, but what the hell, we were in Vegas. Go for the dessert, skip the meal.
2	Mediocre. We came here wanting to have an ice cream on the strip and eat outside to people-watch in a cheerful-looking place. We were told there was a 20-minute wait, so we went out back to their to-go line. I tried to order a root beer float, but they told me I could only order that in the restaurant, although they had it on tap outside. My husband tried to order an Oreo sundae, but they were out of Oreos, and just about everything else on the menu other than a couple items. Must be good, you think? Not so much. They charged us $1 each for tap water and $12+ for the sundae. I had to wait so long for the ice cream that my tap water was empty by the time my food was ready. I asked them for a refill of tap water, and they said they can't do that; I must have given the eyebrow because she agreed to do it this once... For a mediocre $12 sundae and $3 worth of tap water, one would hope they could refill a TAP WATER. The ice cream wasn't even good enough to hold my five-year-old's interest. They no longer have the fish tank featured on Tanked, either. This place is not up to Las Vegas strip standards.
3	If you want desert this is the place to go, I didnt' lol, I was thre for someone elses bday lunch. I actually ordered the hot wings which were really awesome. The frozen hot chocolate, IMO - over rated. Its yummy but the flavor was nothing new.
4	We went on Sunday at around 11 and there was no wait. I think we got a little lucky because the place packed up a bit afterwards. The wait for the food was a bit too long though and no, it was not because we were hungry. I shared the breakfast burger with my friend. It was really good! We went with medium rare for the patty and it was the perfect texture and taste for us. The burger comes with potatoes and a pickle which were also pretty good. One of our friends ordered the chicken and waffle and the portion was very big. I tried it and the waffle was too dough-y for me but the chicken was pretty good. I am not a big fan of fried foods so I would never order that. For dessert, we ordered the frozen hot chocolate of course because of the hype. It was good but I would probably not order it again for $12. I feel like I can make something similar at home. The decor inside and outside of the restaurant was very pretty and the waitress was extremely nice. We loved her.
1	Huge disappointment! About $12 for a frozen hot chocolate, my two kids and wife threw away at least half of each of theirs. My daughter ate the whipped cream and took about two drinks and said she really didn't like it an it was the Oreo flavor, kids trashing Oreos clearly means it's no good. For all the folks thinking about stopping in just skip it. Sugar factory in the Mirage is way better and there are several other locations on the strip that I am sure would be far superior.
5	Mocha double frozen hot chocolate rocked my daughters world
2	I am done ordering food here, I will stick with the hot chocolate. We have eaten here a dozen or so times in the last few years and never had good service. Our orders always have at least one error, the service is SLOOOOOOOW - like painfully slow, and the food just isn't amazing. I get it, its a tourist place, but still, at least it could come out the right temperature. This most recent trip, we sat for 20 minutes before I finally asked a server if he could find out who our server was. Then he never came back so I asked another one. He asked around and said apparently no one was, so he would be happy to help me. What the heck?? So go for the frozen hot chocolate, when you have some serious time to spare, and bring a board game, or novel to read.
2	Again a mediocre experience. I have no complaints whatsoever about the food. The food is great. The service is iffy. I had a friend in town from Texas who wanted to go to a restaurant where we could eat outside so I suggested Serendipity. I made a reservation ahead of time because the previous time I was here, the wait time was ridiculous mid-week. I called about 2 hours prior and made a reservation for 2 with a request for a patio table. The hostess let me know that it was based on availability, which I understand but at the same time if I'm asking to reserve it then I should get it, no? Anyway we get there and the host re-confirms that we would like a patio seat and said that it would be about a 10 minute wait. He walks away and another hostess takes over. 10-15 minutes rolls by and we are still not seated so I asked the hostess nicely to check on the status of our table. She says we're one party away from being seated. The hostess asks the party ahead of us (whom arrived after we did with NO reservation) if they want outdoor or indoor seating, and of course they say outdoor so she seats them on the patio. The hostess calls my party next to be seated, and immediately she looks down and says, "oh you wanted outdoor? It's going to be another 10 minute wait. Do you want to stay inside?" We had already waited 20 minutes WITH a reservation so we just agreed to stay inside.To eat I had a cheeseburger well-done with fries and red sangria to drink. My friend had the crab cake sandwich and white sangria to drink. She also got the carrot cake sundae. The food is the business LOL. Like I said, no complaints about the food besides the fact that it's pricy but hey you pay for a great location, good food, and huge portions. Plus it's LAS VEGAS. If you're not ready to drop some cash, it's not your city. Sorry to say.  The waiter was just okay. Not really engaged, didn't tell us about the happy hour or anything on the menu really, which I feel is important since this is a tourist restaurant and not a regular for locals either. If you really want to see what all the hype is about as far as their food, just take it to go and eat out front. We should've went to Sugar Factory!
1	One word will do Overrated. Expensive and very cramped too.  Will not be coming back i've had way better tasting ice cream and shakes at other local spots.  Save your money and go sowhere else.
2	Our waitress was great
3	Wasn't impressed with the food I the restaurant...save your money by ordering your Frozen Chocolate at the outside window and lounge in the outdoor cabana tent. The Frozen drinks are a yummy break from the alcoholic beverages. My favorite is the white chocolate...it's piled high with whipped cream and white chocolate flakes sprinkled on top. It's expensive...but worth it. I ate in the restaurant and the server was super! She talked me out of a certain dish with her honest opinion of it...and made recommendations of others. She didn't write anyone's order down and that was impressive. The food was mediocre and overpriced. I'll stick with ordering just the frozen drinks and skip the unnecessarily long line for the food.
4	I ordered a cheese burger and cole slaw. Burger was flavorful and had great presentation. The cole slaw was ok at best. Go with fries. Onion rings are huge and little greasy. Overall great place to get a good burger and enjoy the strip while you eat. Sitting on the strip is a must!
4	so rich and delicious, couldn't even finish it.
5	THIS PLACE IS BEYOND AMAZING!!! From the service to the food I have nothing but raving reviews!!!! We came in for my sister's birthday and ordered the onion rings which were phenomenal and a perfect size! Each of us got a meal and the portion was large, but extremely delicious!!! We all ate each other's because each plate was out if this world!! And let's not forget the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!!! It was too die for!!! We definitely will be back and I'm definitely recommending this place to everyone!! Thank you for a wonderful experience!!!
3	Been here a couple times and am never that impressed by the food. Maybe solely because of the strip prices but the salad and pasta did not disappoint and dessert was HUGE. Nice place for a fun night out if I'm already out by the strip, but would not go out of my way.
1	I was only there for Frozen hot chocolate, and I regretted. HORRIBLE - pure  water with chocolate powder and crushed ice ... and the regular size charged me $ 17.00, a fortune for this....I DON'T RECOMMEND  to anyone ...
4	Frozen hot chocolate, quite a concept, just the right thing for a 100 degree day in Vegas.  I would say it was all it was cracked up to be.  Plenty for 2 to share.  Pizza was pretty good too and the outdoor bar with view of the Strip was a nice way to spend an afternoon
3	This was my last stop during my Las Vegas trip because I really wanted to try their famous Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. That did not disappoint. I would give 3 and a half stars if I could, but the three will suffice.It was a Friday afternoon, and the restaurant was not busy to my surprise. All we wanted was dessert, and we had decided to get the hot chocolate and some sundae with cake in it. The waitress did not come until about 10 minutes after we were seated, but that was understandable because she was waiting on about 5 or so tables. We ordered when the waitress finally came, and the waiting game began again. The sundae and frozen hot chocolate did not come for almost 20 minutes.  People who ordered AFTER us, who were ordering meals, got their food before we got ours.The wait was really bad for the amount of people there that day. Maybe they're just understaffed, who knows? But to top it all off, I noticed that my fork (which I did not need to use, since I was getting dessert) was still clearly dirty. I probably will just order Frozen Hot Chocolate to go next time and won't be dining here again.
1	Awful. I've frequented the Serendipity's in New York many times and this location is nowhere near in comparison. To start, we had to wait at least 15 minutes on a weekday at 2pm for two people. There were plenty of empty tables inside and outside. The problem seemed to be that they lacked enough staff to actually clear and clean the tables as soon as patrons left.While we waited for our table, we stood outside and perished the menu posted on the wall. Was looking forward to trying their sundae with the humble pie. As soon as we sit down inside and look at the menu, we realize the menu isn't the same. I asked the waiter where the sundae was on the menu and he tells me that they don't make humble pie anymore and that the menu outside is old and they haven't bothered to change it.Disappointed, I order a cookie sundae and my friend orders the frozen hot chocolate - something she had been looking to try the whole trip.The deserts come quickly. Her dessert is much smaller than the one they have in NYC. My sundae is mediocre. Basically just cookie dough ice cream and a cookie. 5 minutes after serving our desserts, our waiter comes and drops off the bill basically preventing us from ordering anything else.Needless to say I won't be frequenting this location again. It's not worth the hype - nothing like the movie. John Cusack and Kate Beckinsale would definitely not approve!
2	This place is always packed and the prices are pretty expensive. I don't really get the hype about this place. Yes, the frozen hot chocolate is good but the food in general isn't anything special.
5	Need a sweet treat in the early hours? This is the place to stop! I recommend the peanut butter frozen hot chocolate.
1	This place is a piece of crap!!! The service is slow an the food is awful this was my third visit and every time the service and food kept getting worse! Management there is a joke they don't know their head from their ass let alone how to manage a restaurant.
3	The service takes forever... But they are nice... Obviously you must get the Frozen Hot Chocolate... Get it girrrrrrrrrrl
3	The food here tastes like food you could get at Fridays or Chilis or any American chain restaurant but for double the price .. I got the crabcake sandwich or burger or something, and thought it was kind of dry and over cooked. The buffalo wings were delicious, but you really can't go wrong with it since it just tastes like buffalo sauce .. I ordered the almond frozen hot chocolate to go, but the waiter brought it to me in the bowl thing. While it was admittedly beautiful served as it was, you realize that it only fills up like 3/4 of a tall starbucks cup when they transfer it and take off the huge amount of whipped cream! For 11 dollars???? What?? It was good but sososososo sweet. But good if you have the sweetest tooth of life (me).Anyway the food was solid enough and still remains one of the more affordable dine in restaurants on the strip ............. I cry saying that since I was crying at the check. *cries*
4	Love the burger called 1/2 Angus Burger... Of course no egg i did add avocado, still delicious great customer service. I am coming back for more hoping i can taste the whole menu. Clean place. Love how the place is decorated its open and great to come in to eat.
2	I went to the grab and go window.1 star for the service, 2.5 for the food.They don't serve hot food before 11:30am, cashier was kind of rushy and impolite, and didn't let me order nachos--even though it was 11:25am.She didn't even register all the items we wanted to order.Food:The donut is big and Ok.The frozen hot chocolate is meh.Not bad if there's nothing else around, but not really worth $17.I'll probably avoid this place in the future.
2	Just as many claim it is indeed a diner with diner food. Sometimes it breaks my heart that there are a hundred better places in Vegas but way slower because of the location or the fame game. It's like any restaurant on the strip will do.
3	Food pretty good and service not bad. Made a pretty good AMF that I enjoyed. Food portions are HUGE. You can order one thing and share it.
2	This review is for the grab and go section only.  My friends and I ordered 2 banana splits. They were 12 bucks each. Not only did they take 20 min to give is our banana splits... When we received them they were melted and dripping everywhere. And dripped on our clothes.They seemed understaffed in the kitchen section.But come on.. Don't give me melted ice cream when I dropped 12 bucks on it. And at least apologize... Don't just hand it to me and act like I ordered melted ice cream. I hate leaving bad reviews, but this was just unacceptable.
2	The food was great. We came at twelve forty and had a ten minute wait. My guy was annoyed because there were tables open and the one he said we were going to get that had been open the entire time was the one we got. I got a groupon that included two salads, two burgers, and a frozzen hot chocolate to share. Got offered water while we waited for the waitress which took about ten minutes. When she came we ordered the burgers with the salad. The salads sit on the side of the hot plate ready to grab and go. We sat for thirty minutes waiting for the salads. We got our burgers from the food runner when she stopped and asked if we had gotten our salads. So she brought mine and replaced my guys with an extra order of sweet potato fires on the house since he didn't want the salad since the burger was right there. As soon as se got the fries (two minutes) she asked to take my salad away. I just let her since it seemed like it was a big deal for me to eat that and my fries. I looked at my burger and noticed they forgot my avocado I orders on the cheese burger. Had to stop the food runner to get it. While we were half way threw the fries the waitress came back and asked if we were ready to have her put in dessert. we agrees. She came fast with the dessert and check and requested to take the fries. Since I had the groupon I only had to pay for the extra things like drinks and add on to the burger. Free refills but the soda is five bucks. I put my card in and had the check standing up while we eat dessert since I only had a ten and felt bad if I only gave a two dollar tip. even though my guy thinks any tip was to much since he has worked in the past as a dish runner to head waiter in high school to college.But no one came to get the card and the place at this point was basically empty since it was almost two and lunch rush was over.  So they got the bill I had and we left. The food was amazing. Looks just like the picture. The burgers taste great and I loved the regular fries. If it wasn't for the waiting staff being so non attentive and rushing I would have given it five stars.
3	It's okay...I think it's a little on the pricy side but the portion is pretty generous - need to share!! The onion rings are pretty good!
4	Frozen Hot Chocolate Yum Yum!!!
4	Awesome place for a Sunday hangover cure/brunch. On a Sunday around 1, there was a long wait, so we sat at the bar with no wait. The bartenders were very polite and helpful. We shared an omelette meal and it was the perfect amount for the 2 of us. Love the atmosphere and decor!
5	Here for breakfast. Food is great. Service is excellent. THANKS TO Barbara. Good job! :-)
3	Stopped here for lunch , they were empty tables all around but was told that there was a wait , so we had to sit at the bar , I ordered the nachos and by the time my food  came to the table the cheese was cold and the beans didn't taste fresh . But my friends ordered the pizza which was good , and my other friend ordered a burger which was really good ! So next time I know what to order !
2	Came here just for the frozen hot chocolate. The serving for two is perfect to share. The other couple we were with thought it was too sweet, but my boyfriend and I love sweets so we finished it haha. From what I saw other tables ordering, I wouldn't come here for food. It just looks like typical American diner food from Denny's. The restaurant smelled like cheese which kind of grossed me out, but it was too hot to sit outside. Kinda overpriced for a drink ($14 I think), but nice to say you've tried it. Probably won't be back since there are other places on my Vegas list to check off.
1	This place is a joke. Dont come here for food. My girlfriend got a deal on groupon (no good can come from Groupon) and wanted to go there for breakfeast. We both got omelets,  both were over cooked and rubber. Both also came with a side of potatoes that were so burnt and chewy they were almost inedible.This place must only exist for desserts,  which we didn't wanna try after our below average breakfast.Like i said, This place is a joke. Charge 18 bucks for a omlete, but dont know how to cook an egg. Even with the groupon i feel over charged.
2	I've been here a handful of times and I'm never really wowed by the food. It's mainly over priced diner food with ridiculously large portions. The dessert is pretty good. Service is decent, when I was here last night our server wasn't really checking on us as frequently as we wanted. It's decent...but never my first choice. You should try this place at least once though. If you love desserts then you'll enjoy it.
1	Terrible customer service! Walked out! Waitress was rude! If I could I would give zero stars!
4	The food was amazing! We went on Sunday 8/17/14 before our flight back home. They wait wasnt long which was a surprise. Our waiter was friendly. The food was good. I wasnt expecting such big portions! I was so full i didnt get any dessert! Thats what they are known for. The frozen hot chocolate. I guess this means i will be making another Vegas trip soon!!
3	The double frozen hot chocolate is awesome.
3	So much food on your plate... So much poor service.We had a reservation for four for breakfast thinking that the place would be busy and there were five other tables actively dining and starting the day.  We saw our server twice and that was only for three seconds, total.What could have been a great experience was soured by the in attentiveness to our beverage glasses and table.  Not worth the your time... Grab a bite elsewhere while in Vegas.
3	Make a reservation! This is my first time being here and I will say that the service is really good. The lady was really accommodating.Now to the food, I got the chicken and waffles and I'll say that the portions were pretty good, however the chicken was alittle salty and my friend got the egg Benedict and it was REALLY small. Overall this is a decent place, alittle overpriced but it is Vegas..
4	On a hot summer day in vegas, you would want...no you NEED to get a frozen hot chocolate! It just had a taste that I cant describe! Yummm
3	The original in New York is better due to its mystique and aura generated from the movie.  The one in vegas does not have the "it" factor and seems out of place.Again. Awesome desert place. Frozen chocolate is da bomb.  I had the bachelorette hot dog once. Humongous but expensive.
3	Fun place to take kids and out of town guests.  Inside is cute.  Desserts are the best, frrrozen hot chocolates, sundaes, etc.  Other food is hit or miss.  My last visit for breakfast, food took forever, eggs in eggs bene were overcooked.  Burgers and sandwiches are usually ok.  Nothing special and overpriced, like most tourist places. Portions are large so don't be afraid to share.  There is usually a wait so make reservations.  I've made them on the opentable app as we walked over and skipped the line.
4	First time we tried this place 6 months ago and it was amazing with huge portions. This visit a couple of days ago I was a bit disappointed when they were serving brunch. I didn't like much on the menu so I got the Margerhit pizza with spinach and artichokes. I was not disappointed!! Very delicious. I just wished they were serving lunch already.
3	Price was a little over priced for the mediocre food. Nothing truly impressing of the food, but dessert was a go. Tried out the fried Twinkie sundae, and was pressed with it, but a little on the sweet side.
4	PROS : Frozen Hot Chocolate!friendly employees (minus one)clean, casualgood foodCONS : hostess at front copped an attitude crowded (make a reservation!)tables are close together (make new friends?)OVERALL :Based on the reviews I was a bit wary of going here, but the Husband and I had a surprisingly good experience. We purchased a Groupon and had no problem getting a table even when we showed up 25mins before our selected time. We strolled in a little after 1p on weekday and there wasn't a line.  Now, I'm sure if you wanted to sit outside (in the LV summer heat? you're nuts!) then you'll have a bit of a wait, but that's to be expected. One negative was the hostess who seated us, she didn't greet us nor said much. I'll give her the benefit of the doubt and chock it up to her having an off day.On a better note, our server was awesome! He was friendly and attentive. He even told us how they made the grilled cheese sandwich, ha. He was also on top of everything, refiling our drinks, making sure we got our Groupon and Total Rewards credit/discounts. No issues here.Food was good (we loved the fries!). It wasn't amazing, but it was good. We saved room for the Frozen Hot Chocolate because every table was getting one or two. It was good and the regular size is more than enough for two people to share. Verdict? Yum! Sure this place may be a bit overrated, but so what? If you haven't been before, you should experience/try it at least once.  We enjoyed ourselves and would definitely come back.
1	Horrible customer service. Waitress was not friendly. Hostess was bothered when asked for an extra kids menu for my son to color on.
3	I have been wanting to eat here ( heard so much about this place) and finally here I'am. My husband and I stayed at Caesar and we got a complimentary frozen hot chocolate with a purchase of a meal. There was a wait to be seated, but wasn't bad ( went on a Tues @1:30pm) waiting for 15 mins for our waiter to take our orders. I ordered the Foot Long chile and cheese hot dog($17 with Total Rewards card) with sweet potato fries(additional $1) and my husband had the seared ahi salad($18 with Total rewards card). The hot dog for me I didn't like for one thing it has beans (not a bean person) I prefer Tommy's, but the ahi salad I like and for the frozen hot chocolate it's ok. I probably won't come back.
4	Does anyone remember that scene from "The Simpson's Movie" where Ned Flanders makes that super sexy hot chocolate and gives it to Bart? Well guess what y'all? I had that super sexy hot chocolate!!! The frozen version of it! I've been wanting to try this place forever.  I went in New York awhile back, but the nearly 3 hour wait caused me to leave.  So, I tried it in Las Vegas! Situated on the strip, in front of Caesar's Palace, it's a great location.  Excellent people watching opportunities.  We had dinner elsewhere, so we only opted for dessert here.  They are pretty pricey, but the servings are massive.  More than enough to share.  We sat at the bar, the server was friendly and poured us glasses of iced water as soon as we sat down.  My husband and I decided to share the frrozen hot chocolate, ($16) and our friend got the banana split.  The server told him that he should probably get the smaller size of the banana split, since the one he opted for was massive.  He was right! When he got the small size, it was still the biggest banana split ever.  Everything was incredibly delicious. The only reason I'm docking a star is because our friends wanted coffee, but were told they would need to go inside themselves and order coffee as he can't make it in that area.  So, they went inside and were told by the employee inside that the server should have actually gone in and ordered it for them. Hmm. Also, about halfway through our visit, there was suddenly an odd smell at the outside area.. The place is right on the strip so it could have been coming from there, but regardless..it was kind of gross, and I'm glad we were pretty much done by the time it appeared.
4	I went to Serendipity 3 a couple years ago but didn't get a chance to do a review.  I really enjoyed their service.  There was a very long line to get in.  Once we were seated, however, the food came quickly and was hot and yummy!  The waiter was really fun and cordial.
2	Serendipity 3 is located at Caesar's Palace. I have ALWAYS wanted to try their Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. (This review is way overdue.) My husband and I came here the last time we were in Vegas. They have a breakfast and lunch menu. I ordered the original Frrrozen Hot Chocolate at $12 and my husband ordered the Thai Beef Salad at $18. The Thai Beef Salad is made up of Marinated skirt steak, iceberg, Napa cabbage, cilantro, jalapenos, tomato, Asian pickle, Thai sesame dressing, nestled in a coconut shell.Overall, our bill came out to over $30 for a frozen hot chocolate and a salad. To be quite honest, the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate was a total let down. It didn't really have a rich chocolate burst of flavor nor did it have a nice icy or creamy consistency. The consistency was actually kind of chalky/powdery.The Thai Beef salad was decent and had good flavors, but the portion wasn't that big and it was quite pricey to top it off. The service was just okay.At least I can say I've been here and tried it. But the Chocolate Blast a Baskin Robins is so much better in comparison (which is kind of sad). Anyway, I don't think I'll ever return.167/100 Reviews for 2014
1	I really hate to give this place 1 star, but I don't think it deserves much more than that after my most recent visit. I had been to this location once before about 3 months ago and it was a decent experience: nothing outstanding or overwhelming. The frozen hot chocolates are a great novelty to try, but it's heavy even for someone with a sweet tooth like me. Fast forward to Labor Day Monday, 9/1/2014. My boyfriend and I checked in at the hostess stand and then waited 15 minutes for our table. It all went downhill after we were seated. After being seated for about 5-7 minutes, we looked around to see if there was a server around our area - our table and the table next to us seemed to be the only ones without a server coming around. After we'd hit that 10 minute mark, I managed to flag down a server walking by and asked her if she was the server for our table. She said no and pointed at another woman who she thought was serving our section, and she proceeded to go over and ask her to come over. I saw the other woman shake her head and continue with her business. The server I talked to then came over and reluctantly said she'll be taking our orders now if we're ready. (No apology for the wait - it may not have been her fault, but the gesture would have been nice.) I appreciate that she was going to be serving us, but she seemed like we had totally ruined her afternoon and it just became more of an unpleasant experience. I understand that the restaurant was busy, and she had her own assigned tables to take care of - but if she didn't want to help us, she could have found a manager or talked to the hostess about who the proper server should have been.The waters and food came out at appropriate wait times. The Meat Madness Pizza was extremely salty and my boyfriend found it inedible after eating 1/3 of it. I got the alfredo with chicken, it was edible but for the price I had expected better flavor. Portion was large and I didn't finish more than half. The garlic bread that came with the dish was hard and the spread was rubbery. By the time we stopped eating our food, we were no longer in the mood to order a frozen hot chocolate. We got our check, mentioned to our server that the food wasn't great and she sorta gave us a nervous smile and walked away. I'm not sure where the mis-communication happened with our table and the server assignment, but I kind of wish I had gotten up and left when the idea was on the table. The frozen hot chocolate was good when I had it, but I won't be returning to this establishment again unless someone dragged me here.
2	Went for lunch.Frozen hot chocolate not as good as NY location.Crabcake salad decent... but not good enough for a return visit.
4	Came here after having dinner elsewhere specifically for the frrrozen hot chocolate and it did not disappoint! Really delicious and something I will definitely order again.
5	Superb decor. Outrageous deserts with huge portions and lots of options. Very well designed restaurant menus. We make a point to stop here while in Vegas. My advice: share a dessert or come hungry! Also in my opinion they should just do desserts because they are so good at it - which would simplify the menu.
1	Deserves No stars imo. If all you want is a good frozen chocolate drink go get a Frap from Starbucks. Wait staff is subpar,  except if you are a table full of only young girls then the server will flirt with yall.Husband and wife team we got ignored.  He actually stopped dropped off water and said he would be back but never once asked for our drink order at anytime at all.We should have left when we said but decided to order their nachos.  I can't stand places that try to fancy up nachos and ruin it.  They pile it high in a rectangular dish so only the top chips have anything.   The bottom is all soggy and the rest in between have nothing.  Hardly any cheese and that's what makes nachos.That is all we had plus water.  Not worth eating here and especially at their overpriced hoity toity food.
4	My review is solely for the desserts at Serendipity (I can't even remember the last time I ordered real food here)!We mostly come here for the frozen hot chocolate, which is a steal if you check in on foursquare - free frozen hot chocolate with any purchase of $10!  So last time, we decided that our $10 purchase would be a cheesecake - I know, a $12 cheesecake?? We were pretty skeptical too, but we really weren't in the mood for much else. So lo and behold, our cheesecake comes out, and it is LITERALLY the HUGEST cheesecake I have ever seen. It could feed a family of 6. At least. There were 3 of us that day and we took over half of it home. And cheesecake is my forte too.  It was seriously incredible, I still rave about it. Not just for its size either.  The cheesecake itself was a lighter/fluffier consistency than most, which normally would bother me, but it made it much more doable to eat a LOT of it. It also wasn't too sweet, which was perfect for me. The crust is a mac nut crust and though I prefer graham crackers, the nuts were pretty good too.  Like I said though, expect to be taking most of it home or back to your hotel (:Oh, and the frozen hot chocolate!  That's always a must if you come to Serendipity, isn't it??  Be sure you're sharing! Delicious and refreshing, chocolatey, just go try it, you'll see what I mean (:
1	This place is totes undelicious. I really don't want you to waste your money. This place boggles my mind because it's crazy expensive, but nothing looked appetizing that I saw.We ordered the frozen hot chocolate for two. If you throw some Swiss Miss in a blender with ice, sugar, and milk, that's what you pay $12-16 for. If this review sounds mean, I am just terribly disappointed. The drink was crunchy from the granulated sugar crystals that didn't dissolve at all, so I probably took 5 sips of it to verify I wasn't insane before abandoning it. It was terrible and disappointing.I don't know if this place once was famous for product quality, but every dish I walked by looked quite unremarkable at best. Pizzas were limp and salads were massive plates of pale iceberg. We were sitting at bar seats along the rail and had to go to the bartender if we needed anything, including paying the bill.All in all, "disappointment" sums it up best. Take that big cash anywhere else and get a quality meal.
3	My friend talked this place up big time. One star lost for the price. $11 I paid for a "Shake" basically. It was good but I'd never want to spend that much. Another star lost because the menu needs to be updated! My top two frozen hot chocolates I wanted-strawberry and mint-no longer served I was told. So I was stuck to regular frozen hot chocolate. Bummer.
2	This was our 2nd stop for Restaurant Week, this visit wasn't the greatest. I've been here before, for a birthday lunch, and was thrilled. This visit we came for brunch. We got to the hostess and asked to be seated outside. We were notified quickly that a table was open, the table right next to the entrance without a view that obviously no one wanted. I'm not sure if this was because we are locals, we were ordering from Restaurant Week menu, or that was really the last and ONLY table. This process had already taken longer than necessary so we did not fight it. Since we knew what we wanted we ordered immediately, the mixed berry smoothie, cinnamon bun hot chocolate french toast, and the hangover omelette. We waited for around 20 minutes to get our smoothies and another 45 to get our meals. The omelette was luke-warm in the middle and the french toast was good but soggy. The waitress was EXTREMELY nice and noticed we weren't pleased, she offered to take it back and was super apologetic(I wish I remembered her name). All in all this has not scared me away for life but I wish I had a better experience, especially after talking them up so much.
3	A bit over priced for the quality of food but overall everything was good, not great just good.
4	I wanted a burger so bad and heard good things about this place. Unfortunately on the weekend they have a brunch menu, so the only burgery was a breakfast burger. The presentation was great and the burger was good but a little plain. My husband had the hangover omlet and really liked it. I would come here again, we sat outside and had a great view of the people walking on the strip, people watching is always fun.
1	They did a cosmetic refurb but man! They should refurb some of the employees! I had an opentable reservation for 10pm on a Sunday night. We got there about 10 minutes early but checked in with the host who was like a robot. I said no, I have reservations. She said - the wait is 20-25 minutes. CLEARLY, she didnt understand. Anway we got there waited 15 minutes and then were seated. The waitress saw us 2x, once for our order and once to bring us the order. I got the White Frozen hot chocolate with amaretto. It was basicallly cold milk with whipped cream. I got back from a great trip in Vegas to an email from opentable saying that we missed our reservation and if we had anymore flakes we would be disbarred ! I don't think so !! I know that the rude heffer who seated us didn't check me in on the open table reservation. Lets get it together, it's such a cute place that the employees should be a reflection of it! BTW the waitress was a hispanic girl with dark hair and an awful tattoo of 1/2 Marilyn Monroe/Skeleton with a hairy chest on her left arm.
3	I can't speak for the restaurant in general, but my experience walking up and getting a frozen hot chocolate can be summed up in two questions. Is it good? Yes, Is it worth the money? probably not. Even for Vegas prices.
1	I spent years driving by wanting to try it. Last October I went for my birthday and I was super disappointed. White chocolate frozen hot choco was too sweet and the carrot cake sundae was mediocre. I went again last night in hopes that they were just having a bad night when I went the first time. But I was let down again. The chocolate blackout cake sundae was overwhelmingly sweet once again with no depth to the flavors what so ever. I would have gotten the same effect if I made my own at home with Hershey's chocolate sauce. When I am charged over $20 for cake and ice cream, I expect it to be pretty outstanding which Serendipity 3 just can't seem to do.
4	You must have the fried Oreos!!!!!! Do not leave until you have this party in your mouth. Stick to dessert- the savory items don't really rival all of the other awesome Vegas options. Come hungry- The portions are the reason why we are all deemed "fat Americans!" Can't really go wrong with the dessert menu and you don't even realize that you've entered yourself into a competitive eating contest until your order's up!
3	I know this place is known for it's desserts but we came in for food... I ordered the nachos... The portion size was huge but unfortunately it didn't good... It was way too salty... Maybe if it wasn't so salty it would have tasted better... I'll come back to try the dessert next time
2	I've eaten here a handful of times since they opened. Overall the food isn't super special and honestly sometimes they come out lacking flavor or a tad overcooked. I'm a local and usually when I'm eating here I tell everyone the food isn't great but the desserts are good. The frozen hot chocolate is a must every time I eat here. This place is one of those places you have to enjoy at least once so I always suggest to my customers and visiting family to come here for dessert at least. This place gets REALLY busy due to the name and location. I suggest to call for reservations or otherwise eat at the bar ( which isn't bad at all). Service in my experience is ok . I have no complaints for their service efficiency.
1	I'd give it 0 stars but the burger was pretty good. To start off, at least half the diners come in the wrong door. The hostess/check in table is so confusing to seemingly even the employees. Not to mention the outside diners food goes right past everyone standing waiting for a table. So, if you sit outside know that I might have sneezed on your food. (I didn't really, but it's a possibility) after the long wait, takin to a table, tell the waitress you have a groupon and get ready to be treated like garbage and slowly! When we finally got our burgers, after being brought a water and not asked it we'd like something to drink, we were asked if we wanted our frozen hot chocolate then. Since we waited over 20 minutes for burgers I thought I better answer yes. It was brought in about two minutes. Great. Now I have a melting frozen dessert while trying to inhale a burger. This place desperately needs to revamp its check in process and how their employees treat diners with a coupon! Will never eat there again!
4	OK, the frozen hot chocolate is over rated.   I don't get it.    The desserts are mediocre to me.   But, 5 stars for the food!   My goodness, it is delicious.   I don't remember what we ordered, but I would definitely not mind coming back here again, just not for the frozen hot chocolate.But if you were to order the frozen hot chocolate, I would take it to go and not order in.   You get more in quantity to go and I think it's cheaper than when you dine in and get it.
1	Overrated. The frozen hot chocolate was nothing special and They seriously need to change the layout of the seating.
3	This Serendipity location is HUGE!  I have to admit that I like the smaller New York version more.  You get a 50's diner feel here, whereas I expect a small dessert-cafe feel (I know, an unfortunate side effect of the movie is expectations of fans!).  The plus is that we didn't have to wait for a table. And overall our server was quick.We had the hot chocolate and snickers sundae.  The hot chocolate was great, and the Snickers sundae was HUGE.  Both are large enough to share.  The fried Snickers was surprisingly good with a good cruchy crust and slightly warm interior.I don't know if this place is good enough for me to tell others that you MUST go while in Vegas, but if you are a fan of the movie and have time...pay them a visit!
1	This was the worst place we visited while going to Las Vegas.  I was incredibly disappointed on various levels of my experience here.First, it had been raining the day we went and while we were seated in a nice area to get a view of the fountain it turned into a puddle as soon as the rains picked up again.  One would think that they would have asked us if we wanted to move to another table that wasn't being affected by the rain?  However, that wasn't the case at all.  Instead, a few of the servers came by and laid down additional towels to soak up the water while we tried to eat our food.  This not only presented a horrible smell but really, it could have been a potential risk to the restaurant should myself or someone in party happen to slip because of the water or towels.  Second, the service.  Well, there was a lack of it to be honest.  While they were changing shifts the young lady laying down the towels began to complain about the fact that she always had the ethnic tables and upset that she had to work the side that was being damaged by the water and worse yet that she even had to work.  Mind you this was all in Spanish.  Low and behold, the "sweet" smile that came to fill our water glasses was the same young lady complaining in Spanish.  At this point, I was starting to become irritable.  I work in the retail and service industry, while I expect the best out of my staff, I usually expect the worse when going to a restaurant but this was starting to draw the line.Finally, the food.  We went for lunch and let me tell you, I could have had a better lunch at the local Denny's.  The food was soo below average.  We ordered the steak sandwich and hot dog.  I would only recommend eating a real meal at any other place and then coming here for desert.  The food here was so lack luster.  Honestly, after all the let downs, I didn't even care to try the dessert.  I just wanted out of there...I went for the experience, just to say I had gone.  However, I wish we would have taken our business and our unsettled tummies anywhere else but there....
4	Been wanting to try the frozen hot chocolate since Oprah shared it as her favs.  Waited in line for about 20 minutes.  It was worth it. G family tried 3 flavors. Original, Oreo and white chocolate.  All good!
1	Meh. I was so excited for the frozen hot chocolate that I was easily let down. No takeout until 11AM unless you go to the bar facing he strip. Menu says $11 for a frozen hot chocolate, $10 with reward card but I was charged $13! Ahhh! Why did you charge me a different price? I didn't bother asking because I'm not giving any more business to the place after this experience. Additionally, the frozen hot chocolate  isn't even good. Tastes like a bad version of blended Milo. No thanks.
1	We walked in and half the restaurant was empty, was we were excited to get in right away...or so we THOUGHT. A 30 min wait with empty tables is never a good sign. I asked the hostess why and she said the kitchen was behind. No excuse in my book. That is bad customer service. Get more people helping know the kitchen then. They didn't get our service that night.
1	Our food was brought out cold.  It took so long for the waitress to come back to check on our group and we were hungry because no one ate before our drive out to Vegas, we ate some of it anyway. We finally got someone else over to our table to make them aware we were served cold food, and the manager's solution was to send it back to be prepared again, so we had to wait even longer for our meal. We were already over the whole dining experience and besides we had eaten some of the cold food anyways, so the dinner was a bust!
3	The frozen hot chocolate is heaven, I would go everyday for that if I could. That being said, everything else is too expensive for the quality of the food, plus its on the strip and the staff is hit or miss with how friendly they are. Go for the Frozen Hot Chocolte anyway.
4	OMG- This place! No really, This place! Talk about killing a weeks worth of gym time....and SO COMPLETELY WORTH IT! Have only been for Sundaes. It is my sister-in-law's favorite place to go every time she visits LV. So I can happily blame her! LOLSeriously! AMAZING! Love Serendipity. I personally recommend anything with the word fried in the description! And unless you are really an big eater. One sundae will feel 2-3 people. But you will want to taste a couple different ones!
1	I saw 3 stars on Yelp and thought, "Screw you guys! It's gotta be amazing! I'm trying it anyway!!" Any place that charges $15 for some frozen hot chocolate HAS to be serving the BEST frozen hot chocolate EVER, right?Wrong. Really freaking wrong! We ordered the frozen hot chocolate with peanut butter, and there was barely any PB... the frozen hot chocolate tasted like Swiss Miss... not even joking. We were looking at each other like, "Are we being Punk'd? This can't be for real."Want to come to Las Vegas and get screwed? Visit Serendipity 3 and pay $15 for a dessert!!
2	The food here is no better than Red Robins if not worse. Frozen hot chocolate was good but only because we got it for free (with coupon). Otherwise, I would not have been satisfied paying $12 for it. Atmosphere is fun & service is good. But food here is dry, unbalanced, and basic. Everything is overpriced but I guess that's just Vegas. There is a groupon deal going on that made this place bearable to me. Otherwise, meh. Don't come here with high expectations.
1	Very disappointed. My friends and I walked here all the way the from Excalibur hotel. And the food wasn't amazing. We had to return a burger because it wasn't made to our order but it came back hecka salty. The steak and eggs sandwich looked so amazing in pictures but what a disappointment when it finally arrived. And the frozen hot chocolate? Over rated. Tastes like Swiss miss powder hot chocolate. I hate to give a bad review but it was simply over hyped, over rated. The staff was really nice though. So one star for them.
2	I would describe it as mediocre at best, we wont be back. Service is pretty slack, food was underwhelming. I had wayvu sliders and they were rock hard little hockey pucks nowhere near worth the $15 they ask for them. Snickers sundae was good but only had 4 fun size snickers on it, kind of a rip off, it had tons of ice cream but for something called a snickers sundae I was expecting more snickers. Save your money and go to the Peppermill for their banana split instead!We wont go back to serendipity!
4	I've heard great things about the Frozen Hot Chocolate here but, every time I'm in Vegas, I never have a chance to try it. Luckily, I finally got to try it on my last trip.What We Ordered:- Frozen Hot Chocolate with no whip cream- Ahi Tuna Salad- Wagyu Beef Sliders- Chili- Sweet Potato FriesThe Frozen Hot Chocolate lives up to the hype!!! It was soooo good!!! It was not overly sweet. I was in heaven! The Ahi Tuna Salad was fresh and tasty. My friend enjoyed her sliders and Chili! The sweet potato fries were a little on the soggy side so I really didn't enjoy them. :( I will be back though for the frozen hot chocolate!!! :)
4	We went here about two months ago, and I'm just now writing a review.  The atmosphere is very upbeat and fun, definitely good for a family.  We went with my 2 year old rambunctious daughter and there was definitely enough to keep her occupied.  I had a pizza which was good but not great, and we also had a GIANT chocolate sunday, which was AWESOME.  This is a perfect place to go if you want a causal lunch and are in or near Caesars.
2	What we ordered:Frozen peanut butter hot chocolateOnion rings Crab cake sandwich ABC burgerPros: the frozen hot chocolate was amazing and the onion rings batter was tasty. My husband like the crab sandwich but didn't think it was anything to write about.Cons: SERVICE was terrible! Worst I have actually ever experienced. ABC burger wasn't worth the money.I would go back to order a frozen hot chocolate from the outside counter so I don't have to deal with the awful service and  dining experience.
5	Yes, it's pricey. But, yes, it's delicious.I had 17 of my friends here last Saturday night for my birthday, and we were all pleased with the service.  We were out in two hours, which is good time for such a large party and they accommodated everyone.  Their menus are humongous, and we couldn't fit them all on the table, but like that matters.I even got a free happy birthday dessert.Yummy, classy place for dinner. :)
2	Getting a picture here was on the list for a scavenger hunt I was doing. We also got bonus points if someone could eat a sundae in under 2 minutes so of course we had to try it. The basic sundae was just ice cream, some sauce of your choosing, and a little whip cream. It was 1) very big, and B) very expensive ($12 for the basic, prices go up from there). When we got it I took a look, roughly weighed it and threw in the towel and passed it to another dude (who actually got it down in 2 minutes). I saw the stuff other people were eating there and it looked pretty good and they had unnecessarily large portions if you're into that. The prices were astronomical for the food too. I would never come here of my own choosing unless they slash their prices by 40%.
4	Their dessert are super!  Well worth the price for a fabulous buger and hot dog with the kids.
1	Atmosphere crazy loud and smelled weird. Food came out cold even under the food lamps for fifteen minutes . Order came out wrong and super overpriced! What's up with the $4 charge for splitting a plate?
1	Terribly overpriced food. Service is awful. Do not go here unless you want to spend twenty bucks on a sandwich or burger that tastes like it's been stored in a freezer. If you love bad attitudes from servers and management, cheap overpriced food, and waiting forty five minutes to be seated then by all means .. This is the restaurant for you.
3	If you're a tourist then most likely you've seen this place in the Food Channel and how they are famous for their frozen hot chocolate. And that's about it. Food is nothing spectacular. You're better off paying $35 at the Cravings buffet in Mirage where you can get unlimited beer and wine for lunch and dinner.
3	Came here for a birthday. We were seated right away and given a giant menu. Its cute, nothing fancy, i had actually expected more modern. We were a bit thrown off by the reviews about the food and ordered the foot long chili dog with sweet potato fries and the nachos. The food didnt take too long but our waiter was pretty shitty. We had a group of four seated next to us and one of the ladies was a bit tipsy. He was pretty rude to her and she ended up telling him that it was my friends birthday. The waiter said "then he gets water for his birthday" which was pretty silly. Anyways i didnt even ask if the hot dog was pork (which i don't eat) stupid of me not too but we asked later and they dont serve any beef hotdogs. Woops! So i didnt get to try it but my friend said it was okay. The nachos were great except the taco meat (beef) on them. Its cheap and gross tasting. Besides that it was a large portion and pretty good. Our waiter barely came around and was more concerned with the table next to us than he was with us. Thank god the table next to us was talking to us the entire time. Great crowd in from South Carolina for a convention for State FarmThen we ordered the cookie cookie something ice cream sundae. That was the best item. The chocolate chip cookie in it was nasty and hard but the sugar cookies were soft and the ice cream was great. The best part of our experience here was our neighbors from State Farm :) pun intended. Note:If youre looking for a romantic night out this is not the place to go. Its busy and loud. ProsSweet potato fries were pretty goodSundae was good :) ConsBad serviceRude waiter (ours was. Not speaking for others!) Food is way overpriced and not worth it. Taste is pretty cheap. Like fast food Hot dogNachosIce cream2 waters Cost $53
1	If negative stars were an option, this is what they would be getting. The Russian lady at the front was flat out RUDE to me when I asked for a veggie/vegan option. Please consider being more accommodating to your guests with special needs. She made me feel like it was wrong for me to not eat meat.
1	What do you do when you work somewhere that closes at 11pm and the current time is 10:53pm?How about lock the door and not let anyone else in.  Or from the takeout window tell people sorry we are closed.This is exactly what happened to us.  We spoke with the guy behind the sliding glass window and he told us that they could not make anything else because they had already begun to clean up for other night.  We pointed out the time and he said and I quote "ya, sorry".  We did get him to sell us a frozen hot chocolate and a diet Pepsi.  The frozen hot chocolate tastes like a fudge flavored Popsicle, pretty good but not worth the 10 bucks they charged for it.We sat at a table just outside the front door and watched as others approached and were turned away before the posted closing time.  We then watched as 17 groups over the next 25 minutes left disappointed.  I can't understand why a company would pay for such ridiculous rent to close early and watch dollar after dollar walk away.I recommend going to get gelato at the palazzo instead.  Much better and much cheaper-
4	All shakes and drinks start at a minimum of $10.  However, I must say the portions and food quality is very impressive.  I just wanted a simple root beer float, but when my wife's hot chocolate ice cream came out, I couldn't keep my spoon out.  Holy molee that was delicious.  It was in a huge wide glass bowl with a three layer piece of chocolate cake with whipped cream on top of vanilla and chocolate ice cream swimming in hot chocolate.  I think the description speaks for it's self.  We hammered at this euphoric dish, and still left over half of it in the bowl.  YUMMY!!!!The miniature tacos and piled high burgers looked incredible as well.  Sometimes you can just tell by looking at a dish that it is going to taste good.  Very pricey, but this is Vegas.  I would say the prices were very well stated as compared to anywhere else in Las Vegas.  However, there is a Sundae listed on the menu for $1000.  I did not see anyone order it, but if it didn't come with some kind of quality gold jewelry, I don't see how it could be worth it. I had to knock a star off for the 15 min wait and semi slow service.  It is a Sunday, and it did appear that no real management or leadership was in place.  I saw a lot of servers standing around waiting for something to do.  Meanwhile, four young girls stood behind the counter just chitchatting while half of the restaurant was empty.  It didn't make sense that people had to wait so long to be seated.  Additionally, when new customers came in, they didn't know they were supposed to check in and proceeded to an empty table.  Then someone would finally tell them they had to wait, which made everyone confused Becsuse of the open tables and lack of professionalism behind the check in counter.
2	My sweet tooth led my boyfriend and I here after dinner on a Friday evening. Well, the good news - we weren't sugar bombed. The bad news - It was totally watered down. I was disappointed with the Frozen Hot Chocolate; I was really expecting it to taste like chocolate - rich and luscious. Can you blame me? Unfortunately, it was overly icy and the chocolate flavor was super mellow, watered down with a slight hint of sweetness. The massive amount of whipped cream on top was the sweetest part of the entire drink, but that's not saying much since the ratio of ice overpowered every other flavor we tasted. The "regular" $13 sized original frozen hot chocolate was shared between my boyfriend and I just fine. For us, it was the right amount. They also had a size "for two" $17, but I'm glad we didn't opt for the larger size. It was bland, watery and not memorable. I would say the best part of the experience  was sipping the same cup as my date, it was really cute and romantic. So if you're not looking to be wow'ed by flavor or quality, I would suggest taking your date here for some cute ol' romance and that's about it - I don't see myself making my way out there for any other reason. They also serve appetizers, lunch, dinner, shakes, splits, sundaes, coffee and other desserts which all looked average to me. Pro tip: they sell hello kitty mini beanie babies here for about $10 (and change) each
4	I dinned here for the frozen hot chocolate, I was intrigued on how this would taste and was pleasantly surprised at how yummy this really was. It was not overly sweet and tasted like hot chocolate frozen. The decor is nice and the restaurant is clean. My husband ordered the club sandwich, it tasted fresh like the meat was just sliced and the portion was the right size for the price. I ordered the taco salad, it came out neat with taqitos sticking out. The taco salad was good, not the best ive had but good. The staff was friendly and attentive which sets the tone for my meals, I am big on customer service and feel other than the quality of food the type of service is what is going to aid into weather i would go again. This is defiantly a place i would go back to, not sure if i would order the taco salad again, but there is other stuff on the menu id like to try.
4	Everytime I'm in Vegas, I make it a mission to stop by here.  I just like how fun and friendly it looks inside and outside.  I love their crabcake sandwich and their triple decker grilled cheese with tomato bisque.  There's something about their tomato bisque that makes my stomach happy. Their food is comforting and fun.  It is a bit expensive here but I'm on vacation so why not splurge a little.  I haven't been to the NYC location but I hope it's the same as the one in Vegas.
4	A great alternative if you haven't been able to visit the original Serendipity in NY. I love the cute decor inside! Though the Frozen Hot Chocolate isn't exactly the same as Serendipity3 in NY, it's still pretty good!
4	The 4 stars mainly went to the server (I think his name is Dave - some tall guy with a ton of tattoos) my 2 friends and I were going to order 2 frozen hot chocolates, a sundae, and a carrot cake but then Dave said it was going to be a lot of food for 3 girls... However I really wanted carrot cake (which he said was huge) he recommended the carrot cake sundae and to just have the carrot cake (a slice that's smaller than the order) on the side. We went with the sundae and 1 order of frozen hot chocolate. The sundae came out and it was massive and my slice of carrot cake was huge, I couldn't even finish it. I'm so glad he told us about the portions because it would have gone to waste.
1	Rarely do such popular places combine poor food, poor service and lack of value.    This place has all three.   The famed frozen hot chocolate was essentially a Wendy's shake.   The dining area was cluttered. The service however was the absolute worst from greeter to service.  They were miserable.  Stay away!!!!
5	I went here for dessert with my girls and it was DELICIOUS!! we ended up sharing the deep fried oreo sunday and it was really big, the three of us had just gotten out of a show for the convention we were at in cesars palace ( so convenient  to walk from the hotel) we didnt make a reservation but were sat within 10 minutes which was really nice. right after we were sat there were a few different larger parties that checked in and it didn't seem like they waited too long either but I would definitely suggest a reservations because the place isn't huge and I imagine it can get fairly busy. the ice cream sunday was big enough for all of us to share and still not finish the entire thing. the fried oreos were warm and delish not too much fried coating which was nice sometimes they can get really thick and over bearing. but it was a good contrast with the ice cream. definitely will be back
1	Mold covered beer bottle...my boyfriend is a local and takes me to S3 every time I visit. It was my friends 30th bday and we decided to take her there for brunch on Saturday. Service was lackluster and food came out cold...the worst moment when my boyfriend ordered a second beer...an expensive beer...and it was covered in MOLD! He immediately went to ask for manager and did not like what he saw in the kitchen...we received our food for free but unfortunately that experience ruined the mood...makes you wonder what else is moldy in that place...bummer.
1	Horrible Service and I would've totally gave more stars if their so called famous desserts was anywhere decent, but IT WASNT !!! YUCk! Specialty Drinks.... YUCK! Seriously it's only good for picture taking other then that.... STAY CLEAR!
1	Bad service! Waited over an hour and all we ordered desert. Ruined my friends bday! Had over ten people and they only brought out six plates. At first they didn't even bring plates. We was so hungry we started to eat food that we had in our bags and the manager swiftly ran out and yelled at us. But still no desert! No bueno, no plates, no desert and we still waiting for the check. Ordered the $93 treasure chest desert and it was mushy and not good. Would never come here again!!
2	The only reason they are getting two stars is because the portions are huge. Other than that, the place is overrated. From the time we sat down, it took 40 minutes to get some of our food- my husband and I waited another 15 minutes to receive ours. The food wasn't great- it was OK. The only reason we came here was because we found a groupon. Unfortunately I felt like it was a waste of money. There are much much better places on the strip to grab breakfast.
2	I would give this place a 2.5 . I went here with my boyfriend just to try it out because we've never been, but we've always heard about it. We didn't need a reservation and we didn't have to wait because it is less busy on Mondays.We looked at the menu and was surprised on how expensive everything was. Nothing was very appetizing from what I read in the descriptions of the food items. I was craving some tomato soup so I got one. My boyfriend ordered the frozen hot chocolate and burger combo.The frozen hot chocolate was good.  If you love whipped cream and chocolate Frappuccinos then I'm sure you'd enjoy this.The creamy tomato soup was okay. It tasted more like pasta/marinara sauce. It was not creamy at all. The ABC burger was horrible.  The bun was burnt and so was the burger. I could not eat this. I like a little charbroiled flavor but this was too much. I looked at the burger and the bottom was all black! I don't like complaining about the food so I didnt. But that burger needed to go straight to the trash.  Definitely not worth almost 20 bucks.  Plus none of the toppings were mind blowing. The service was good. I found it so interesting that the Togo area next door is so much cheaper than the restaurant. Maybe next time I'll just try that. I wouldn't go back here.
2	This place is pretty forgettable. Yeah, the frozen hot chocolate is pretty delicious, shockingly sugary and a perfect blend of icy and creamy, but oh man, the food is so bland.  Their food is on par with Chili's but double the price!  I probably ordered the worst nachos ever here. All the toppings were on the top including the cheese and if I tried to pick up one chip, I got one big clump. Then when I ate all the "good parts" I had a fat dish of plain chips.  All their food is in huge servings and unfortunately, not really that memorable in flavor. PASS. Just go to the window and get a dessert drink to go! I highly recommend the peanut butter one.
2	We went for the frozen hot chocolate and their giant cheesecake. Needless to say we left with a gut ache and couldn't look at sweets for a few days. It was good, but not on the greatness scale we were hoping for. The cheesecake crumbled and wasn't very creamy. It was a bit on the dry side. The frozen hot chocolate tasted almost like pure Hershey's syrup blended with ice. For being on the strip the prices were average. Not yummy enough for us to go back. Check it off your vegas bucket list and move on.
2	Just ok. Nothing worth the hype. Def not worth waiting in line. You're probably there to just experience it and call it a day! Super cute inside and staff was friendly. I will say I didn't try the sweets, only breakfast food. So maybe that was the issue.
2	Cute place...but a little pricey...I had the "hangover" omelette $18. This was an omelette with french fries, bacon and cheese. It was okay...once I added the hotsauce. lol...I have had better omelettes other places....The service was mediocre...
4	We absolutely love to enjoy not only the famous frozen hot chocolate, but the delectable entrees as well. Its worth the wait!  Check it out.
4	We had a small wedding reception at Serendipity 3.  The food was great - we opted to go with buffet stations and there was tons of wonderful options.  Everyone was incredibly impressed with the crab legs and pasta stations.  We also had a cake through Caesar's that was beautifully light and delicious.  The ice cream station was a huge hit as well.The servers who worked with us at the event were prompt, polite, and lovely, and really made for a smooth evening.  We were seated on the patio which gave us a fantastic view of the busy Strip.  Kimberley Patterson worked with us on the booking and was so helpful and kind throughout.  A really great experience and we would recommend it to anyone.  Thanks!
3	This popular facsimile of the iconic New York outpost is a tourist trap, no doubt about it. But it's a trap that is still fun to take the kids. Desserts are the main draw here, with plenty of frozen hot chocolate and sundae options available. Portion sizes for desserts and all other food are huge, so sharing is the best option.Dessert was the main reason my son and I stopped by, but we knew we had to eat some real food for dinner before indulging in sweets. The crab cake sandwich ($19) was massive.  A jumbo lump crab cake with a tolerable amount of filler was topped with beefsteak tomatoes, avocado, and an orange aioli. Those savory items with hints of sweetness sat in between an unusually large bun. The only ways to eat it are to smash it down to fit in your mouth or grab a knife and fork and eat it one small piece at a time. An order of the kid's chicken strips ($8.95) come 3 per order with a honey mustard sauce and ranch, along with carrot and celery sticks that my son avoided like the plague. He wasn't crazy about the chicken either. Suffering from a hard breading covering dry meat, he barely finished half his meal. Moving on to what we both viewed as the "main course" we quickly agreed on the red velvet sundae ($14). Substituting chocolate for the vanilla ice cream listed on the menu, the massive dessert served in a goblet had a large chunk of moist and dense cake stuck to one side with hot fudge, whipped cream and rainbow sprinkles topping it all. It was plenty satisfying, but far from refined. The quality doesn't warrant the hefty price tag as it's a dessert that one can replicate at home for far less.2.5 Stars
4	Love this place!! Of course, the location in NYC has much more character, but the LV location still has that whimsical feel. Brought my husband for his first Serendipity experience and he really liked it- the atmosphere and the food. I had the crab cake sandwich and he had a burger. Both were delicious! Love Serendipity 3!!!
3	The food here is average... The portions are very large. The price is kind of high. I will come back for dessert,  but that's it. Even at about 20$, the ice cream sundae I had here was good enough to come back for- although I could just as well buy the ingredients and make it at home for less. Also,  being on the Strip, it's very crowded and full of tourists
4	I didn't realize I ordered somthing with blue cheese and I thought what the he'll I'll give it a go.... The BBQ Blue cheese burger is so delicious And the fries with ranch  are amazing. Service is in point to... Over all 1st time experience is a TEN.
2	This place will likely never recieve my business again. Seating and hostesses are critical to the first impression of an establishment and this place was subpar in that aspect. Our experience started off on the wrong foot when we were seated outside in a corner in the blazing sun when there was plenty of seating inside and outside that weren't in the sun. I asked if we can move to a table at least out of the sub and the hostess told us the rest of the tables were for bigger parties than 2.....shortly after we sat down the hostess brought parties of 2 to those tables that I asked about. I was disgusted at this type of treatment and after my meal I went to ask her.  She said that those tables had been reserved. I can definitely understand that but why didn't she say that in the beginning rather than say it's for bigger parties? She also had an aloof attitude that I didn't appreciate. I asked to speak to the manager and she offered to take 20% off the bill AFTER I had to ask for it some sort of rectification. I've always been impressed with the establishments on the Caesars property so I was surprised I was treated that way here. As for the food it was decent but really overpriced.  You are paying for the novelty.
1	Barrrffff... Service was friendly but that was about it. I'm going to keep this short because the entire experience was a waste of time and money! I Ordered a barbecue blue cheeseburger with fries a side salad and a frozen hot chocolate for 2. The burger was ok, the plain jane salad was literally lettuce, a half slice of tomato, and 5 cubes of cucumber. The frys were soggy and half cooked and the frozen hot chocolate was not so frozen,  more like soup!  OH, AND NOT TO MENTION A ICE TEA COSTS $5!!! WTF... NEVER AGAIN!!!
2	If you go here - go hungry or split a meal.   A breakfast + coffee will probably cost around $25.  It took about 40 minutes to get served after being seated - so don't go if you're in a rush.That said the breakfast was delicious and filling.
2	Having read the Serendipity cookbook and history, my daughter and I decided to stop by for lunch.  We didn't read the reviews prior to coming.  I had the Asian chicken salad.  Over dressed, absolutely huge and the chicken was so dry I didn't each most of it.  Daughter had a the vegetable pizza - ok she said but nothing you couldn't get somewhere else for 1/2 the price.  Our server was really good but for the food/experience - wouldn't recommend it.
4	Fun place, good desserts.  Been to the one in NYC Liked it better.  Seemed they made better desserts.  Nevertheless I ordered the monster banana split and it was huge.  Enough to feed at least 6 people.  Lots of fun great atmosphere for small and large groups.
2	I took my first trip to Vegas and was so- excited to try this restaurant out.  I have always wanted one of their frozen hot chocolates.  I luckily found a groupon which was even better.  First the service was sub par.  They had 3 hostesses that stand around. They also do not have bathrooms in the restaurant.  You have to go outside walk around and then go down into this "cave".   Then the public restroom was gross and reminded me of nasty public park toilets (they are metal toilets). It took about 20-30 minutes once seated just to get our water! The house salad was mediocre.  Their balsamic was ok.  My friend and I both got burgers.  I got the ABC burger because that is what the waiter said was their good one and it was the blandest thing ever.  I didn't even eat half of it.  The burger had no seasoning, the had no seasoning, and they didn't put condiments on it.   They have a lot of fries already made up so they were not the best and luke warm.  We did have their romano cheese onion rings.  Those were WONDERFUL.  I would totally eat those again.  My friend and I also shared a frozen hot chocolate.  It was ok.  I make them at home with real chocolate but the one here tasted like it had a slight powder taste.  I probably would have liked it better if I never had made my own to get that true delicious chocolate taste.  All in all I will not be back to eat, but maybe grab the onion rings to go.
1	i have never been this disappointed with my meal my entire life!my mom came to las vegas for vacation & we walked around the caesar's palace to shop. i decided to take my mom in this place because as of my previous experience here, i was able to enjoy their desserts (although a little pricey) & pizza.. first, they had us wait for 15mins to be seated, even if i saw a lot of empty tables around, still i kept my cool down. then, we ordered a steak, to be cooked medium, and a frozen hot chocolate. for that 2 meals it took them 45mins to serve us food!!! we were so hungry & the server was apologetic enough to convince me to wait. then when the steak came out it was so stiff and cooked well-done, blunt flavored! it's like someone just decided to throw a steak in a grill, left it there for 30mins and tossed-served it to us!!!i will never go back here again!!! save your money
4	I went here for my birthday dinner when we were on vacation in Las Vegas.  I was immediately pulled in by the giant and colorful lamp that can be seen from the strip.  The staff made me feel very special, by taking a photo of my party, and the overall fast service. I recommend this place to anyone who will be visiting Las Vegas, or live there. Its a delight!
4	The frozen hot chocolate is the best! A definite way to cool down from the hot Vegas weather!
3	A good dessert place to chill. The patio area is really nice. Employees aren't the best though.
3	We had high hopes as many friends told us this place was great. Maybe they were having an off day. Hubby ordered they eggs benedict (this is what everyone was raving about) and they were extremely salty. I ordered the boring old breakfast quesadilla. I mean boring as it's just what it says on the menu but I don't know how they cook the bacon or if it's a particular type but it was also extremely salty. The servers were very pleasant and the atmosphere was comfortable. It looks like they have a great dessert menu, maybe next time we will just try that.
5	We love to share the meals and enjoy watching the people and will definitely be back.The service is not the fastest but well worth the wait.
4	A little pricey, but it's at Caesar's so, but we had so much fun! I took my Mother, 3 kids, & a gf for a birthday celebration...we took lots of great pics, since it's right on the Strip. Food was wonderful, drinks were fine, but the frozen hot chocolate was to die for! We will definitely go back & that's from a Native local!!
1	The wait was very long, very dirty cups and the waiter seemed upset to swap them out.  Both my friends had hair in their food!  This place is so dirty stay away
3	This restaurant was interesting to say the least. The food was decent for the price. While a bit pricey, the food was cooked the way we asked for it but still a bit bland. My boyfriend ordered the Las Vegas Strip sandwich, which was French bread, steak, eggs, and bacon. You would think it would be awesome, but according to him it was just "ok." I ordered the Chinese chicken salad, which came with cold unseasoned chicken (dressing was good but again just ok for an $18 salad). Service was great, and desserts looked phenomenal- a place for dinner? Not my first choice.
3	Fun food - fun place! If you are getting a sundae, make sure to have at least 5 people to share one or you will be sorry. If you only have two people, you will both eat more than you should because they are freaking delicious and you will feel like crap!
4	All I had heard was that I had to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate here while in Vegas. My last trip I wasn't able to fit it in, but this time I got to check if off the list. Came in on a Tuesday morning so wasn't a wait at all. The other breakfast food items looked good but massive as the servers brought them out to adjacent tables. My friend and I both independently decided on the Mint Frrrozen Hot Chocolate and reasoned that it was cheaper to order the "For Two" sized portion of the same flavor. It was a huge glass/bowl, and about 1/3 was just whipped cream. The frozen hot chocolate itself was very minty, and I did like the touch of Andes mints on top. It was refreshing, cool especially after walking around the Strip in 80 degree weather, and not too frozen that it was hard to drink through the straw. The spoons provided we mostly used to tackle the whipped cream, haha. That was the only item we got off the menu since I had to get to the airport soon after, and all I can say is wowzers...calorie-wise that was pretty much my breakfast and lunch allocation in one sitting. Seriously, 850 calories in a "for one" serving! Gosh. Maybe next time I'll try Max Brenner since I missed that chance in Boston as well.
2	The frozen hot chocolate was a nice treat on a hot evening, but $11 for a 16 oz. drink that wasn't nearly as good as a standard Frappuccino...probably won't be back.
4	YUMMMMM!I came here for the frozen hot chocolate that everyone talks about.  We didn't sit inside- I was totally fine sitting outside with no wait.  It was hot of course, in the middle of July, but there were misters spraying water in the seating area.I paid $11 for a frozen hot chocolate.  It was rich and chocolaty and cold and satisfied my craving!  It tasted exactly like frozen hot chocolate.  It was delish!I will definitely be back on my next trip to Vegas!
3	Before coming here I was warned not to eat inside as Service was really slow. Well, seeing that I'm from England (renowned for slow crappy service) that didn't bother me but I do have to agree it was a little slow, nothing bad enough to irritate me yet took around 15 minutes from us being ready to order for someone to come over and then roughly 20 minutes once we were done to get our check.With that said, I was really excited to come and eat here and came at just after 8am. Hubby and I decided to order just one entree as I planned to have the Mint Frrrrozen Hot Chocolate - $13 as my Breakfast. Yes, Really.(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/serendipity-3-las-vegas?select=_LMf6cTfbNqv6zSn6nUY6g#TRbbI2waOPt8MckXWqWCuQ) He choose the Crescentwich which I had a small amount of and where the place is cute we both came to the conclusion that it is severely overpriced. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/serendipity-3-las-vegas?select=_LMf6cTfbNqv6zSn6nUY6g#ONQT8eOiIEaClhkXjN9Dnw)The Crescentwich was really not worth $16. It was good but not to the point I would pay that much for it again and the Potatoes that came with it were cold and hard. Server didn't even check back to make sure everything was ok so we didn't have the chance to have it corrected.As for the Chocolate... meh. I expected something amazing seeing that the Server bragged that it was ''made with a blend of 11 different types of Chocolate''. It tasted watery with little Mint flavor and very icy, I was so bummed as I was expecting this delicious rich Chocolate. That didn't happen. I won't be back.
5	Omg I hadn't had a Serendipity frozen hot chocolate in decades and what a delicious treat!  They now have tons of flavors but I went with the classic. Soooo yummy. Thanks for the yummy nostalgia. I may need to have one of these every day I'm here. Sooo highly recommend.
5	Good stuff great food awesome atmosphere love the restaurant I will be back. A must to if you're feeling up for dessert.
5	Great service, amazing atmosphere, even better food. It was very busy in there but the wait was not long at all. They also give Total Rewards members a discount, which is a plus! I will definitely be back.
2	Food=not the best. Service=horrible! Only known for the frozen hot chocolate. Everything else you can pass on.
2	Music played was way too loud in an enclosed area, wasn't willing to swap us out to another table just caused we ordered our food. Piss poor service
3	I was excited to come here because I had been to the other 2 locations. But was little disappointed. This was my first time actually ordering a meal at Serendipity. I had brunch and ordered the corned beef hash. It was flavorful, but I seemed like it had been sitting out a while before it got to me. The food was a little dry and my eggs tasted like rubber. Not good. And the service was a little slow. Granted it was a busy day, but our server hardly came over to check on is to see if we needed anything. Another downside was my aunt wanted to order a hot dog but the waiter said that he would have to check since it was brunch hours. He never came back to let us know we couldn't order it. For dessert I ordered the mine frozen hot chocolate. I had been wanting to try that one. Unfortunately I can't say it was my favorite. I will probable stick to regular of peanut butter next time. Still love to frozen hot chocolate at Serendipity, but I had better experiences at the ones in NYC and Miami.
1	$18 for the quality and flavor of a Grand Slam. Average breakfast plate price is $22. One of those places that looks busy and worthy because of the central location. Service was absolutely pathetic on a slow day. One of our friend's got his food wrong, the server made her way over 10 minutes later just to say, "I put it in right! It wasn't my fault!" How professional. Took 15 minutes to get greeted, 25 to put food in, and after meal, 20 minutes with dirty plates in front of us waiting for the check. The server grabbed our cards and continued to run food and greet other tables, taking another 15 minutes to return with our check. I am a server who was with a cook and a bartender. I can fairly say do not waste your money. Wait twice as long for a bang out breakfast at Hash House A Go Go.
3	Nice for breakfast
3	The food was so-so, but the cotton candy martini was great.
4	I tried the Ahi salad which was just very good, the avocado was just over whelming though, it was just too much, but other than that it was really good. The burger was very juicy, delicious, and cooked to perfection.Our dessert was Snickers sunday, which has amazing crunchy yet chewy melting caramel snickers, lovely peanut butter sauce, chocolate sauce, and tons of whipped cream. It was just an amazing sunday. so big, between two of us it was impossible to finish. I am definitely coming back soon to try out more desserts. Everything was just so amazing, the menu looked awesome, so hard to choose one single thing.Quick service, there is a bit of a wait, which is fine, since it is totally worth it.
3	Service was good.  Food for me was average.  If your putting chicken and waffles on the menu it needs to be good!   Other people I was with liked their food. So I would give it a try.  LikeMost restaurants in Vegas, a bit pricy but the portions here are large if that is something you care about.
2	Really nice location and beautiful patio. Crab cake benedict is great as well is the frozen hot chocolate but the service leaves much to be desired. Granted there was a computer issue, it seems like nothing was timely.
1	13$ for a grande size cup of ice cold peanut butter hot fudge chocolate? Not worth it, it tasted like any other blended drink. Not a great experience and not worth my money.
1	This is our 3rd time here and the prev 2times were good experiences with awesome overpriced desserts-but hey it's Vegas.  We called ahead for a table for about 20 as we were celebrating my sons birthday with his baseball team.  Service was painfully slow at 1100pm, we were reminded constantly about their closing time of 1200 and the food was cold!!!!  Not how to celebrate my sons 15th birthday at all---all the boys just wanted to leave without ordering the Treasure Chest.  We were approached by the manager Shawn, who could not have been more rude--he questioned why we cancelled the treasure chest ice dessert as they were making it---first off never ordered it just asked questions about it, told him the service was very slow with cold food and our boys were falling asleep.   He looked like he wanted to say more to us as he was very upset but then he walked away. Then we finally hot the bill!!!!!!!!! So overpriced for horrible tasting food!!!! Even drinks were $5 each.  We started to settled up the bill and my friend took out her Rewards card and it was denied!!!! Really--we were told the bill was already complete and they would add the points but not take off the 10%!!! By then it was after midnight and thus manager just wanted us out---wrong move Shawn!!!!  My friend and I  got our 10% off and he cont to have smart ass comments for us.I told him thanks for ruining m sons Birthday and he said --" like I ruined it,". I will be contacting the general manager and corporate.Funny as we went for dessert on Friday night around 1000ish, had great service and dessert which is why my son wanted to come back with his team!!!
1	Food was just okay for the amount of money you'll spend. The menu is purposefully written to trick you into spending more money. Bill was one hundred dollars for some pancakes. Dont recommend.
3	I've come almost full circle in a way.  I went to the NYC Serendipity 4 & 1/2 years ago and experienced a very disappointing food experience which led me to start my very first Yelp review.I've walked by this Vegas location many times.  It's located street corner at Caesar's hotel and casino.  This time we stopped with our friends and went inside the restaurant. I wanted them to try the famous frozen hot chocolate.Hubby and I shared the 8oz serving.  They also offer the 16oz serving as in NYC.   And we got the nachos appetizer for the four of us to share.And it's a good thing too.   The nachos were enough for four and more.The only disappointment this time was sharing the 8oz frozen hot chocolate with hubby.  I took small sips while he took huge slurps.  When I looked up, he almost finished the whole thing.  Needless to say I thought about the frozen hot chocolate and complained the rest of the day.  Too bad I can't Yelp about hubby's slurping.I said we shoulda gotten the 16oz instead.  Next time.Service was good.  Our order came promptly.
3	The food was amazing!! HUGE portions and all around good.  We fed six people for about 150.00 in Vegas this is actually a pretty good price.    The reason I didn't give five stars was because of the customer service.  I asked the waitress to bring my daughter a frozen hot chocolate with a candle in it for her birthday (i saw that someone else had this done so that's why I knew it was possible).   She came to the table with my husbands banana split with a candle in it.... I asked her where the frozen hot chocolate was and she said, "oh well we'll just use this"  o.o   I purposely went and secretly asked them to do this for her and then the waitress pretty much ruined it.  Other than that it was really great place to eat. Overlooking the strip while we ate was cool.
4	Visit the Total Rewards Center in Caesars Palace to receive a coupon for a free 'Frrrozen Hot Chocolate' here with a purchase of $10 or more (found this via foursquare)- it's delicious! If I could I'd give this place 3 1/2 stars.  It is overpriced, but you get HUGE portions- plan accordingly.
4	We have dined here several times over the years. We went there the last time for my wife's birthday and it was the first time that we were there in a year or so. Before the food has pretty much always been on point while the service lacked for whatever reason. But this time the service was 100 times better and the food was as good as we remembered. Our server as friendly, on point and made sure that we had everything that we needed and then some.FoodMini Taco's - 3 Stars - Flavorful but a very small portion for the price.Foot Long Hot Dog - 5 Stars - Always a winner. Can satisfy anyone's appetite.Mac N Cheese - 5 Stars - Nice and Creamy and better with the Pancetta. Can satisfy anyone's appetite.Hopefully they can keep up the good work. If so we will be back more and more.
4	The desserts are pricey, and I guess the frozen hot chocolate was kind of watery, but it was so so so good!  I had the peanut butter one and would get the same thing again.  Our waiter was great.  My husband ordered the almond amaretto frozen hot chocolate, and we were both surprised it had no chocolate in it when it arrived.  It was still good though!
4	I was apprehensive to try after mixed reviews but was glad I did. Only a 15 minute wait on busy Saturday night.  Waitress was efficient and helpful. We learned that the smaller "cowards" portion for a Banana Split still had 3 scoops, the regular size 6 scoops. The Nacho appetizer was enough for 4 people. Had the foot long hotdog and BLT, both fantastic.  Food came out quickly.  Very satisfied and will definitely return.
2	I've dined here twice now and came to the conclusion that the Frozen Hot Chocolate is the only thing worth ordering. It tastes amazeballs! The food is served in huge portions but they don't taste extraordinary. If you have a Total Rewards card remember to bring it, there is a small discount on many of the food items.
5	This is the stuff of megassweetteethnirvana. The home of the Frozen Hot Chocolate, a sweet contradiction, it houses cake slices the size of one's head and sundaes so overflowing, it's served on a platter. I've been here many a time and have sampled almost all of the desserts. I'll save the thousands of dollars gold sundae for when I score the lottery. They are all saliva-inducing. I don't like chocolate cake. Give me a brownie, not not chocolate cake. This spot is the exception. Come here for a birthday, a date, a celebration - the desserts are worthy!
4	I ate here first in NY and loved the atmosphere and the food. The only downfall is that sometimes the wait can be ridiculous including service. One time I went with a friend and didn't eat until an hour later. The bartender was so gracious and comped our sangria for the wait. I have not eating everything but there is definitely some items worth the buck. My favorites are the sangria and frozen hot chocolate!
2	Quoted 20 minutes to get seated but were seated in 40. Fair enough, we were a part of six. We get seated and notice empty tables everywhere.Waited 15 minutes for water.Then waited 20 minutes for coffee (which tasted funny).Then waited 30 minutes for our deserts (why does ice cream with cookies on top take this long?)Waitress used a whispering voice, and was unable to answer any of our questions. They brought out the wrong order, and finally she had a voice, and gave us the blame for the wrong order.I'd let this all go if this were an inexpensive desert spot, but for the price and terrible service I won't be returning.
5	Love love love this place! The portions are ridiculous and the service is wonderful. This is now a regular visit spot when we come to Vegas! Try the Las Vegas strip steak sandwich!!! Yummyyyy!!!
2	Came to Serendipity twice while on vacation in Vegas with my European honey and I can say it didn't live up to our expectations on our first visit so we went again hoping that we'd enjoy it more the second go around. Sadly, we didn't.On our first visit we got the White Chocolate Frozen Hot Chocolate to share which was good, but not worth the $11 price tag. Next we each got BBQ & Blue Burger which was flavorless and had insufficient BBQ sauce on it. This visit receives 2 stars.On our second visit (we were drunk) we got the All In Nachos and Pepperoni & Sausage Pizza. The nachos look delicious, but they taste so-so. I was really bummed that they just put melted cheese on the nachos instead of using nacho cheese (cheese whiz). Also, the chips underneath the top layer were pretty much missing all of the "All In" toppings so we were just eating plain chips. Thankfully, the Margherita Pizza was good so kicked the nachos to the side and feasted on the pizza. This visit receives 2 stars as well.If you want to try Serendipity I recommend coming after you've had a few drinks so you won't be pissed off about dropping $70+ dollars on a so so meal.
2	Came in on a Sunday afternoon for a late brunch without a reservation, and my party and I were debating whether or not we should take the 30-45 minute wait for a table, or just go to the walk-up counter for something quick. One hostess was on an iPad organizing the reservation list, and the other was greeting at the door. The one on the iPad was very nice and the other greeter was the rudest hostess I've ever seen. While we were quickly discussing our options, she continued to raise her voice and interrupt us in an effort to get our attention and see what we decided. She rolled her eyes at us, shook her head and sighed heavily and dramatically, as if we made her wait hours rather than thirty seconds.  There wasn't a line behind us, so I wasn't sure why she could act so impatient since she was just standing there with no other customers in sight. She looked me right in the eye as she behaved this way, appallingly unapologetic. I've worked in the restaurant industry for years and I've never given attitude to a guest. Especially when they're deciding whether or not to give you business! That alone made the decision easy, we walked away! Tip to management, educate your greeters on the importance of a FRIENDLY face :)
2	Super mediocre .  Words added to met min word counts. This limit is dumb.  I hope you have a great day. Skip this place
5	I LOVE this place!! This is my go to lunch spot. The food is always delicious and such HUGE portions! I have always been treated like gold by the staff and that means the world to me especially because I usually bring my kids (2 and 3)!! It is a great family friendly restaurant or if you just need to sober up from the night before! Please please please don't leave without trying the frozen hot chocolate!!!!!!! Ahhhh so delicious!!! The menu is a little pricey BUT the portions are so big it is totally worth it! I can't wait to go back again!
4	My pal needed...NEEDED as his last cheat meal a hot brownie sundae...they have a hot fudge brownie sundae on menu....waiter was kinda a pompous dude that was speaking down to me the whole night and it was driving me bonkers like I wanted to say dude im local and in the service industry like wtf is up...anyway he offered to HEAT my pals brownies up which was a nice touch!  HUGE PROTONS!  Nothing special but fun!  Perfect for a date if ur looking to do something booze free!!!
3	I like places with a lot of character and this is a nice fun place to visit. Is the food amazing? No, but it's not bad. Frozen hot chocolate really is like a chocolate shake but it's fun to drink and it is pretty good. I will definitely return for more desserts!
5	My girlfriend and I came here for lunch because she loved the movie.  I was a bit skeptical.  Boy was I wrong about this place.  We both ordered burgers, which were huge, and juicy.  I've had few burgers that were better.  The fries were super crispy and they provided us some really good ranch on the side.  There is a small bar in the corner but we did not drink anything.  However, I did order their coffee, which is French and it was phenomenal.Our server Valencia was top notch and was around at all times to service us and recommend great menu items to us.  The atmosphere is really "cute" as my girlfriend put it.  A lot of pink accenting, and vintage clocks, art. I will be coming back next time I'm in Vegas!
2	Its more hype than anything. My girls and I ordered the appetizer nachos, chicken strips and the mac and cheese and were utterly disappointed in taste. We had heard a lot about this place but not only did the food take long to arrive, the taste was very bland and basic. The waiter did not come around often and just to get seated took about 30 minutes. We did order the carrot cake sundae and that was about the only thing that made the visit there kinda good. I recommend only getting what they are known for, which is their desserts. Don't bother trying their food.
4	Had the burger and it was pretty good. The parmesan onion rings were really good. Loved the decor.. Super cute... Fast service... No complaints.
2	This is a neat, unique restaurant, but not one item was worth the price. This restaurant is not fine dining, so to pay six bucks for four onion rings seemed off to me.
3	Definatly so so food. Food is not particularly good at all. I went with a group and we ordered the cheeseburger, nachos, crab cakes, and mashed potatoes. Nothing was that great, just mediocre. The bun of the burger was burnt as well, which was upsetting because apparently the bread popular. Even if it wasn't burnt it still wouldn't have been that great. The cheeseburger cost 17 dollars, in my opinion it was worth 6. The restaurant went cheap on the fries and did not give me very much, which upset me.     The service was ok, definitely mediocre again but not awful.    To be fair this place is known for their desserts, I think. So I ordered an Oreo milkshake. The milkshake was fantastic.    The 3 stars comes because the milkshake was great. Everything else was not. Of I didn't enjoy the milkshake this definitely would not have even got 3 stars.
4	This spot is def for Dessert. The food is decent but the Sundaes & frozen hot chocolate is what's up here. Healthy portions all around, good stuff!
1	Terrible, terrible service for a nice place with nice desserts!!! One of the hostess actually literally kicked me out to wait standing instead of sitting somewhere else  for my take out order just because I bring my 6 yrs old nephew. FYI, we weren't even in the bar area and the place was quite empty. When I told her that the kid was tired and it was just for a few minutes left, she said "wutever" with an attitude. Terrible!
3	The positive: love the Oreo shake its thick, creamy and rich definitely will order it again when in town. The frozen chocolate kids devour it in nano seconds. They loved it. Kids love the burgers juicy and moist. Th crab cakes sandwiches not bad but I had better. The Negative: kids meal pasta with sausage not good at all. My three girls didn't touch it after a few bites. It had no flavor so bland and nothing that resembles pasta sauce at all yuk! The Caesar salad with steak, steak is bland and chewy, could use a little bit more Caesar dressing . Overall I will go there again just for the Oreo shakes and maybe try their other desserts. I will skip their food its $$$$ not much flavor food just isn't good.
2	First time here. This is not a place id ever come back to. Half the rest was empty yet we still waited 20mins. Sat down and prob the most expensive items pushed by the servers cuz they want more tip. Asked them  is this gonna be too much for the two of us and he comments that it will be fine and the portions for one of the items is small. (Not really) meal in itself. W/E. What really bothered me was their service.So the waiter has been gone for a bit and notice the three waitresses talking by their station. I try to flag one of them down for a condiment and refill. Nope they are too engaged with their convo so i wait. Mind u im sitting at the closest table. Finally 3 mins later they disperse and two of them are still chattering about their relationship or w/e and the older blonde waitress notices me and quickly comes over. Ask for a refill and gives me this attitude like shes talking down to me, and saids she will get the my waiter  to bring it out. Also ask for the condiment and cant really pass it off so grabs it from the station where she was chatting to my table 8ft away. IMO if everyone on yelp is complaining about the service. There is a reason. Go hire and train ur staff to be more professional, hire more for busy seasons instead of overworking ur current staff, balance out the female to male ratio, pay ur staff more so they put more effort and provide better service, hire one busboy will clean up and reduce service time, get rid of employees who come to work to socialize. sit there for 3 mins time 3 people is 9 mins of stuff something had to be done but got pushed back to be done later and provided slower service. Ive worked in an efficient sushi restaurant and so much stuff can be done in 9 mins.  Whoever the owner is go learn to mange the business better or u will keep getting one time business when you could be getting repeat customers. Im in vegas 4 to 5 times a year and i wont be ever returning after this first visit .
3	I came here to try the frozen hot chocolate since I wasn't able to make it to the Serendipity in NYC. The wait inside on a Saturday night was 15-20 minutes. We went outside and noticed they had a to go window. I ordered the frozen hot chocolate from there and it was delicious but not worth the $11. You would think the to go drinks would be cheaper since it's less and it comes in a plastic cup rather than the fancy and large bowl you get inside the restaurant.
1	The most rude service I have ever had. Now the food is amazing but the service is horrible. First the host was so rude and up tight. She made my husband and I wait an hour for a table when our friends had gotten a table already and had extra chairs that we could have sat on but she said no to that idea. I had heard amazing comments about the food so decided to stay. My husband on the other hand was very upset and starving. Just ruined the whole morning for us. BTW her name of the host was Gretel. She shouldn't be working there if she doesn't like her job or customer service.
2	I came here with high expectations, but was extremely disappointed. Don't come here for food. Dessert is the only highlight.My boyfriend ordered the nachos. They were okay, nothing to rave about. I ordered the Asian Chicken Salad and it was horrible. I think I only had 2 bites of it. The chicken was slimy and weird.Portions are big. Unless you're dying of starvation, just split a meal. It will save you a lot of money. There was only one positive and that was the frozen hot chocolate. We had it with pinnacle vodka. It was very good. Again, this is something you should share. It was very big.Prices are ridiculous. You get $1 off with your Total Rewards card, but let's be real - $1 off doesn't really make much of a difference.Service was mediocre. I would come back here again, but only for hot chocolate/dessert.
2	You go to this restaurant for the experience and the desserts.  Not the regular food.  The desserts are generous and wonderful.  The frozen hot chocolate is just that - someone took hot chocolate and froze it.  It's not outstanding.  But the sundaes LOOK amazing.  I wasted my dessert portion on the frozen hot chocolate.  Also, I got a burger that was just meh.  I've had better at Carls jr. and certainly cheaper.  It's a beautiful location and worth the trip, but just get dessert.  Oh and the outside walk up option is probably even better.  We waited nearly 30 minutes for a table.
4	It can be a long wait sometimes, but they are able to text you when your table is ready. Warning though, they will only hold your table for 5 minutes. This place is really famous for their Frozen Hot Chocolate. I've tried their coffee flavored and i have to say it was pretty good. The prices can be a bit high, but you are in Las Vegas so it'll always be high (think of how much the Starbucks is across the street). I got their grilled cheese with tomato soup and that was delicious. So was their chicken strips, but when you think about it, you can probably get that somewhere else for a cheaper price. It's the ambience, location, and that frozen hot chocolate that you're kind of paying for. I recommend that you have a Total Rewards card because there is a discount for that. Enjoy the that Frozen Hot Chocolate!!!
2	I had just seen a show at Caesars and decided to go to Serendipity 3 and do "Grab-N-Go". (This is the outside walkup window not the inside sit down restaurant)Bacon Cheeseburger, fries and soda. The price of $16.22 is fair considering it is Las Vegas.All food is cooked to order. The burger was cooked fine.  The bacon tasted like it was in a prep pan for hours.  I have worked in a hotels and kitchens for almost 30 years and I know lame bacon when I taste it.The fries were the highlight of the meal. The order taker was pleasant and efficient.  'Wait for your soda ... your number will be called at the other window ... thank you'.   Again ... pleasant.Major issue: The customers can see into the kitchen and service areas.  You can see when your order is complete.  You can see your order sit under the heat lamp while the girl expediting and making drinks is TEXTING!  My number was called and my order was placed on the counter.  No "thank you" ... no "enjoy your meal" ... no "please come again"Within a 10 minute walk north or south on "The Strip" there are two burger places ... "Stripburger" and "Fat Burger" both have better burgers and service.  If you see a show at Caesars ... and you want a burger afterwards ... take the 10 minute walk ... skip Serendipity 3.Order # 4170293 21:34 12/07/2014
5	Had brunch with my new friend, Judy. As always the food was tasty. But I went for the Frozen Hot Chocolate. Ordered one for 2 to go and though it was the size of my head, I  loved every drop!
3	Great location!It's a fantastic spot overlooking the strip! It's also surrounded by Caesars gardens which are stunning! The place is very playful and it had Alice in Wonderland touches. We sat outside on a cold evening but with the heat lamps going it was perfect. I ordered hot chocolate because of the cold night and it was not as decadent as I hoped it would be. It tasted like something I can put together at home and I was looking for more. Several food items were ordered that were ok. I tasted the chili which was too thick for my taste and the triple grilled cheese sandwich was huge. It was ok but nothing special. The best part of the meal was the creamy tomato bisque. This location is known for its sweets and the menu has lots to choose from. We ordered a small sundae and it was still huge! I did taste it and the hot fudge was great! Overall a fun experience with the outside location and the service was great. The food can use some work...Spend the money on more quality ingredients and the ratings shall improve.
3	Does not give military discounts only if your a total rewards member. Sounds backwards to me.
1	Great food, horrible service! Woman was rude to me and my family and when we asked about military discount she looked at us and said no we don't do that. Only their "total rewards" customers!
1	The hosts are stupid. They can't work for crap. They have people waiting for min 40 + min (saturday).. when tables are obviously empty and clean. And I was standing right by the host table and I noticed the two hosts were telling literally every party that the wait is 40 min. Lolol.My party and I had been waiting for 40+ minutes. Half the time in the freezing cold outside cuz they told us to wait outside then the other half inside because it was way too cold and wasn't going to stay outside any longer. Then all of a sudden a party of 2 shows up saying they have reservations at 5pm (Note: it was 4pm). The host picks up 2 menu and seats them right away. This was right after i was told id be seated next. Wth?!?  They made reservation for 5pm... not 4pm. Without hesitation the dumb host didn't think to consider the people who had been waiting and just seated those people. So of course I complained to the other host. And she said yeah I just realized that.. I'll tell her. But yeah nothing could be done because they had already seated them. I was hungry, cold, cranky, and not having it.Plus the food was not worth it and overpriced but it's vegas so it's expected. But just as people expect vegas to be overpriced simply because it's vegas.. we expect the service to be at least decent because it's vegas. You know?The only thing I enjoyed was the macchiato  frozen hot chocolate.. I will never be going there again unless I was craving their frozen hot chocolate and the wait is 10 min max cuz like I said earlier it's not worth it.Their management is so unprofessional. The 2 hosts were talking badly about the manager and how he/she comes in whenever he/she wants.. I mean that's your opinion and you have the right to say what you want but c'mon... you have customers.. like 15 of them standing in the front waiting to be seated and you're talking badly about your manager? So unprofessional. Hosts are the face of a restaurant.. the first impression and i have to say they were the worst. The server was nice but dumb as well. I noticed total reward members receive discount.. so I asked him if I could just give my total rewards # to be used towards the bill and he said he'll get it from it after the meal when he brings me bill. Well.... yeah its my fault I forgot to mention it or remind him when I received the bill but if he's the one that told me he'll do it after.. thenn shouldn't he be responsible for asking for it again when he gives me the bill? I could've saved around $10 but ... nope. I would expect more from a restaurant that is associated with Caesars palace.
2	The food here is ok. The Wagyu sliders were really good. Wouldn't recommend the grilled cheese though. The service is pretty bad, had a hard time getting a hold of the waitress. The decor is like McDonald's, and the tables are stained and dirty. The frozen hot chocolate was ok. Nothing was worth the money except the sliders. Save your money and try another place.
2	Bartender super unfriendly, Rhonda was her name. Said tourists ask too many questions. Had nachos they were ok. Customer service horrible.
2	We arrived around 11pm and we were seated pretty much immediately however, our table top had spilled coffee and food on it, the chairs also had drinks spilled on them, and the floor under our table also had food on it. We asked the hostess for someone to clean the table we waited standing around our table for almost 10 mins, when no one came we cleaned it ourselves with the napkins on the table . Our server wasn't really friendly at all. We were a party of six ppl they brought out food for only two ppl while the rest of us waited another 25-30 mins for our food. the food was ok. We ordered omelets and burgers our food wasn't even hot when received it. Dirty restaurant, ok service and alright food, I won't be back.
4	Such an awesome dessert place, ugh. Came here about two summers ago when my friends and I headed over to Las Vegas for EDC and I still crave it from time to time.The Frozen Hot Chocolate and the Strawberry Fields Sundae were to die for, especially in the scorching Vegas heat. Can't really say much for the actual food though. I stopped by once for breakfast after the event and all my friends agreed that it was pretty mediocre for the price, nothing special. Overall, I've always heard great things about Serendipity's infamous Frozen Hot Choco and I have to confirm that it's a must try (especially during the summer)!!
4	We had chicken strips. It was, to me, actually pretty good. For a place thats known for their dessert. I wasnt having high hopes for their regular food menu, but to my surprise, it was good! The batter was perfect! Of course, we couldnt leave the place without having a frozen hot chocolate. That was amazing as well.As a first timer, this place is definitely worth the try. Only downfall to this place, half the inside was not even filled, yet we still waited about 45 mins to be seated. It was terrible. Maybe short staff? Other than the long wait, everything was great, and reasonable price!
3	Only had dessert.  I had a regular caramel sundae and my friend had the frozen hot chocolate.  The sundae was good with lots of caramel and my friend said she really liked the hot chocolate.  3 stars mainly because 1) it was good but nothing spectacular 2) $12 bucks for plain a sundae is ridiculous 3) the service was lacking.  We had to flag down someone twice to ask if we had a waiter.  The place was busy but not too crazy, since we were seated immediately.  When the waiter finally showed up he was very nice and apologetic which was appreciated.  But it seemed like they needed more staff for a Sunday at 7pm.
3	Pretty cool spot.  Reminds me of a silver diner and for that I enjoyed the place.  I didn't get the memo about the big shakes but we got our food and was plenty shocked.  Fries were disapointing as we just wanted to get fries and a shake.  Overall we had a great experience and would return.
4	Every time we go to Vegas, this is a stop... There is nothing like their Frozen Hot Chocolate...I would give this 5 stars but I just cant get over the fact that I spend $10 for 8oz of frozen hot chocolate... For as much business as they get for it, maybe one day they will lower their pricing some to entice more return visits during vacationers trips...Super delicious though!
1	Waited long line for hot chocolate!! Theyre sold out! We got frozen hot chocolate instead even though its cold. Then we got a frozen corndog too...Very disappointing. Service is okay not friendly understaffed.
3	Serendipity 3 is associated with Caesar's Palace. You should sign up for the Total Rewards program to get slightly cheaper prices on their ridiculously overpriced food.The inside feels like I'm in Alice in Wonderland. It's very whimsical. Reading the menus posted on the outside was giving me a headache, with its hard to read fonts and lack of prices posted.The fare is very typical American/Italian fare - pizza, pasta, burgers, etc. Their signature seems to be the frozen hot chocolate. The frozen hot chocolate was large and tasty but it was a rather hefty $13 for one.The wagyu sliders were a bit dry. The creamy tomato soup was in fact rather chunky. It was good but definitely not worth the $9 or whatever it was that we paid. The penne ala vodka pasta looked decent but once again, super overpriced. The bacon lettuce tomato (BLT) actually had turkey in the sandwich, and it was a rather large sandwich.Service was fine.
2	I really think the only reason I come here is because it's situated in the middle of the strip and by the time I walk by, I feel very thirsty and the bright pink decor and ample outdoor seating draw me in. In all honesty I thought the frozen hot chocolate was good the first couple times I got it but this time it was just bad. So sweet that I couldn't even finish it and why the hell does it cost 11 dollars for some cocoa powder with blended ice?!? Also it took so long just to take our order. I waited over 5 mins just to even pay when there was no line....Everything is overpriced so reminder to self to not come back next time.
3	Not worth for money. Garden pizza was good but Alfredo pasta was disappointing. Service was biggest bummer. Our waiter was polite but he was too busy probably because they were understaffed. Even though 30% of restaurant looked empty we were asked to wait around 30 mins. And we had to wait for everything else, waiter, food, etc.
4	This place is definitely for you if you have a sweet tooth! I only came for dessert. I got the slice of cake and iced hot chocolate. Definitely in love with this place! I must go back!
1	Place look very cool and delicious however the blonde lady at the bar rude enough to ruin all good experience !
1	Right now i am in the restaurant sitting on the bar and i ordered hot chocolate. Everything is good except bartender . Her name is Rhonda. She is rude. She is literally yelling to us. I just feltso uncomfortable!
4	I had a frozen hot chocolate from the carry out window.  It tasted great, so rich I could only drink 1/2 of it.  It was almost $12 so I doubt I would have this again.
1	overrated, over priced, service was 2 stars but better than anything else here. I dont think I will be going back.
2	Based just on the frozen hot chocolate:The frozen hot chocolate is WAY too sweet to eat. I had 3 sips and couldn't have anymore. The Oreo frozen hot chocolate is more tolerable, but still way too sweet. Both frozen hot chocolates are pretty much overly-sweet frapachinos. I didn't have any food here but from the looks of it, the food looks pretty good.
1	Terrible. Waited forever in line for a hot dog, which ended up being completely burnt.
4	Up front just know - you need to be prepared to wait, and wait, and wait - which is horrible BUT the food is good and the wait is worth it!We went in here for appetizers - we got nachos and a pizza to share between three of us....and couldn't finish it all!! We were here for snacks and left so stuffed we didn't even have time to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate - boohoohoo!!The nachos were cheesy and delicious, the pizza was good and crispy, and the portions are HUGE.We also saw people order sandwiches, the hot dog, and cheesecake and all of them could have easily been shared by two people or more. Considering what size a plate is when it comes out, the prices are totally justified as EVERYTHING is sharing-size.You also get a discount when you use your Rewards card (Reward-member pricing is listed on the menu). They have an outdoor patio / balcony that overlooks the strip, which could be totally fun to just hang out on, but since they didn't have the heaters on, we didn't sit out there.Based on the food we had for appetizers, I would love to run into this place for breakfast one day, too!
3	I can get by the horrible greeter and slow service, as long as it gets me their delicious sundaes and frozen hot chocolates!!Pros:-Desserts here are a MUST-Deep Fried Oreo Sundae-Frozen White Hot Chocolate-Huge seating areaCons:-Hamburgers start at $18 and range to $27, NO THANKS-Wait time is long enough for you to lose your appetite-Take-out window is rarely open-Waitress was only sweet when giving us the check-Only 2 waitresses with 20 tables-Sharing charge of $6!!!When possible, go to the Take-out window, you won't be charged the $6 for sharing a sundae and there is a large seating area outside!
2	There are times when spending a little extra dough is worth it to satisfy your sweet tooth! Coming to Vegas frequently, I knew just the place!I love to come to serendipity to enjoy their food and then have it followed up by their frozen hot chocolate and a sundae! It was an especially good treat for a post Christmas vacation!However, this time around, my service was terrible! If we wanted to get something like another spoon, extra straw, more napkins, or hot water, it was rarely from our own waiter. We always got it from this kind busboy, which I don't even think it was his job to do that for us to begin with! When the bill came around, I asked if I could use my total rewards card to knock down the prices. The waiter, I believe his name was Jeffrey G, told me that he cannot give me the discounts. That doesn't make sense. Why would they advertise it if we couldn't do it? I then asked him why, and he hesitated for a long time, then said that he has asked us from the beginning if anyone had the total rewards card and that we said no. I CLEARLY do not remember him asking any such thing, nor did we respond "no" to totals reward. He proceeded to say that he can no longer change what is in the system, which being a waitress myself, I KNOW that it isn't completely true. Then he left the table, and when we were trying to flag him down, he would clearly look at us and then walk away, ignoring our table. He finally came back to the table when we were already standing up and walking out.We still tipped him decently, because of the busboy. But now that we think about it, we shouldn't have.All in all, the food was good and dessert too. However, the service ruined our night. Two stars for the food, ladies/ushers at the front desk, and the busboy! -3 stars for our waiter.
4	We were waiting for the Absinthe show and decided to use this restaurant to nibble on sth before going in for the show. We ordered Garden Pizza and added Pepperoni on top. I wasn't expecting a good pizza but it was simply awesome. I am not sure how the icecreams are but the pizza's are apparently good.
5	Loved the menu! Had the Oreo Frozen Hot Chocolate for 2, so yummy! Our server was good.
1	Not worth the stop. Service is slow, and they are very understaffed. When a man in a suit and tie is bussing tables you know the restaurant has issues. Loud atmosphere. They stop serving breakfast at 11am. Waited 40 minutes for a table for to only to find out we could no longer get breakfast. No exceptions either.
2	i cant believe i paid 20 bucks for a hamburger with bacon and a fried egg on it... and it tasted plainwait time was longfood is really overpriced u can better quality and flavor for what you pay for else wheretried the frozen hot chocolate - it was 'meh' basically its like a frappacino with 90% whipped creami would not eat here again
4	AMAZING!  Start to finish this place exceeded my expectations. Service was prompt and super friendly. Strong menu, and food is dynamite.  This is a must see, must eat.
2	Always wanted to try. Not impressed. Their signature drink frozen hot drinks were somewhat a little disappointing. Too sweet, tasted like a slushy melted ice cream. We had the chicken and waffles for breakfast... Ummmm no!!! Chicken too dry, potato too dry and waffles just lack that umpf! Pricing was a little over priced for the food that you ca
4	If you have a sweet tooth.  Then this is the place to come. But be prepared to wait for a table it is worth it.
2	Super excited to try the Serendipity 3 here because it's been a few years since I've had the original in NYC.  Then, got super disappointed.  I went for the take out and not the sit down restaurant.  I'm sure the sit down restaurant presents the frozen hot chocolates a little better than the basic plastic cups we got, but overall my experience was meh.  Definitely a try once kind of thing.  Can't beat the one in New York though.FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE:  This is what made Serendipity 3 so famous!  It definitely tasted more like a chocolate shake to me here than it did in NYC though. ):OREO FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE:  I have a limit with how much sweetness I can take, so a few sips of this for me is enough.  If you love oreos and sweets, then this is for you.  Pretty similar to an oreo milkshake.Ten dollar drinks here!  There are seats available right in front of the take-out window, but they are outside.  It's perfect when the weather is warm, but if it's cold...take it inside!
4	Tonight, my family and I had dessert at Serendipity 3. The portion size tends to be large and shareable. We ordered the following:1. Mint Frrrozen Hot Chocolate topped with whipped cream and an Andes candy.2. Cafe Serendip, which is an over flowing cup of coffee goodness, with an accent of nutmeg and cinnamon3. Outrageous Banana Split - Cowards Portion, which consists of three scoops of vanilla ice cream and two bananas, topped with whipped cream, strawberry sauce, chocolate sauce, caramel sauce, and peanuts.4. Colossal Brownie Sundae, which consists of two raspberry chocolate brownies, vanilla and chocolate ice cream and topped with hot fudge and caramel5. Hot Chocolate, which was hot chocolate, whipped cream, and chocolate shavings.
4	I try to eat here whenever I come to Vegas so I can get my fix on the Frrozen Hot Chocolate. I enjoy the different flavors, especially the mint and the regular Frrozen Hot chocolate. That's the only thing I really love about this place. The food here is okay. I haven't tried the other desserts (although they look really good!), so I can't say much about them.
4	Great good great service I had a meat madness pizza as well as a Caesar salad  both were tasty And well prepared. I topped it off with the Oreo Frozen hot chocolate which was amazing and what they are known for will definitely go back
4	Here at Serendipity 3, you have the option of sitting outside or inside. Since I do not like Las Vegas's hot or cold weather, I would suggest to request to sit inside. They usually overshoot the estimated time that they would tell you you would have to wait, and fifteen minutes was actually just five minutes. Fronting the restaurant is a Thai Buddhist shrine. It was unusual as I was in the mood of the Caesar's Palace hotel and did not expect to see that.If you are commuting there by car and not walking there, there are many parking - valet and/or self-park - option as Serendipity 3 is at the corner of a street on the Vegas Strip. Now, for the most important part... The FOOD! The Yums:- Fries: They were surprisingly amazing! It's normal fries, but it was salted well and had a great enough crunch and my friends and I ordered it after we ate our food and ended up eating it all.- Crab Cake Salad: I did not to expect to see seafood at Serendipity 3. What a surprise it was. It was so good that my best friend who ordered it did not speak a single word from the time she got her food until she finished it whole- Foot Long Chili Hot Dog: I felt like a mother who made enough food to portion with her children and herself. I was able to fill my tummy up and giving three parts of my foot long hot dog to three friends. It wasn't too thick too eat, which was good. Add a bit of hot sauce, and it's perfect!- Nachos (appetizer): I would not have mind if the nachos were my meal. It was so yummy! It looked a bit sparse in the chip count, but it was big enough to satisfy eight tummies.- Frozen Hot Chocolate: The Frozen Hot Chocolates that we got were Oreo, Regular, and Mocchachino. All were yummy, but the best was the Mocchacino, hands down.All in all, I wish I had the Frozen Hot Chocolate first - or that was the only thing we ate - because we were too too full. We couldn't make it into Caesar's Palace for five minutes until have to go to the restroom. Oops TMI? :P
1	Experience:  came by to get some lunch and ice cream.  Out looking at the Caesars and this was close.  Came with my family. Facility:  cute cafe feel, but on a large scale. Service:  the waitress was not good at all.  She took forever to come around, and when she did, she was not very friendly. She messed up the order and never brought the napkins we asked for twice. She also never came by to check on us...we kept having to flag her down. Food:  my mother and I split a BLT. It was huge, but they put mustard on it instead of mayo!  Yuck!  The fries were cold too!The dessert was good, but the waitress messed up the order. Hope she didn't spit in it when we sent it back. I got the Island dessert with coconut cake and sorbet. It was good, but don't like the sauces.  Glad I got them on the side. :)Overall:  definitely would NOT come back. They charge $5 for a soda, be warned!!!!!Side of fries $6.50!!  $19.50 for the BLT!!!  Just ridiculous!!!Then they included the gratuity of $15 for a waitress that did not deserve it!!!!  We only had 4 people...why was it included?!?I give one star for the delicious coconut cake and sorbet. That's it. Never coming back!
4	Wonderful ! I came here on a lunch date just for the desserts and we absolutely enjoyed it . The fried Oreo Sundae was to die for ! A little pricey but it made up for it with the huge serving size . Food was ok , ordered a side of Mac n Cheese but the desert is what really won me over . Wait time was a little disappointing , would be better to call ahead with a reservation
2	Ever since I watched the movie, I've wanted to try this place. Frozen hot chocolate anyone? Since I wasn't able to go to the location in New York, I figured I would just go in Vegas. First time I went on Christmas, for lunch, I went myself and sat at the bar (since the wait was about 30 minutes for a table). I ordered myself a frozen hot chocolate and a side of sweet potato fries. The frozen hot chocolate is HUGE. The size for one is plenty for a table. The bar is a great place to eat if all your people are over 21 and there are seats there. The frozen hot chocolate itself The second time I went with the kids on the trip to vegas (4 of them between 16 and 18). I reserved a table for all of us, but we were able to be seated quite quickly. At around 10, there aren't as many people in the restaurant. The service, though, once seated was a little spotty. It took a while to get someone to take our order..and then get the food. The smores hot chocolate (which is what one of the girls got) looked good, but they forgot the graham crackers and didn't bring them until we asked for them. Also the hot chocolate had a huge mound of marshmallows so if you dont like those - don't get it. My brother ended up getting the Oreo version of the frozen hot chocolate which tasted like oreo hot chocolate but cold. This second time I ordered the Forbidden Broadway Sundae (chocolate blackout cake, chocolate and vanilla ice creams, and a shit ton of whipped cream). So delicious, but halfway in, I was so full, I couldn't take another bite. The cake wasn't bad, but it wasn't the best I've ever had. Overall, big portions. Decent desserts. Always make a reservation and you'll be fine. Or sit at the bar. Service will be spotty, but you'll just have to deal with it.
4	Serendipity 3 is always great for desserts whether you're in NYC or Las Vegas. The frozen hot chocolate is what they are known for and its a nice treat, but many of the other desserts are also divine, such as the strawberry fields, and the fried Oreo sundae. You can also make your own sundae, plus they have malts and shakes on the menu if that's all you prefer.
5	Sometimes I think about going to Vegas just for Fried Eggs Benedict and Holy Huevos Rancheros at Serendipity! So good! So good! Ambiance is great, menu offers something for everyone, prices are high, but you get a lot of food, and it's Vegas!Everyone raves about the frozen hot chocolate, and it is good, but very sweet. Check your hotel room coupon book, because many of them have a coupon for a free frozen hot chocolate! I have never tried the lunch or dinner, but I definitely recommend Serendipity for a breakfast you will crave long after you leave Vegas!
3	If you're in Vegas for the first time, Serendipity 3 should be one of the places you should try! Desserts are at the top of the list! Frozen hot chocolate is one of their most popular desserts. The name says it all: frozen. hot. chocolate. topped with whipped cream and chocolate shavings and straws to share in this good sized goblet yummm. Another must try dessert is the deep fried oreo sundae. The oreos are fried in a pancakey batter and dropped in the chocolate sundae IT IS SUHHWEET but me likey! Food, as expected was not the best. My cousin go the chicken and waffles; waffles were a bit soggy and the chicken lacked salt. Other than that the chicken's consistency was pretty crunchy. We all had a margherita pizza to share which was also ehhh. If you plan on coming here make sure you put your name down and wait it out as you shop at the Forum. They don't take reservations and everyone and their mama's are waiting to try Serendipity. Service is slow considering the crowds, so I'd cut em some slack. Love the atmosphere of the place thought, big pink decor very fun and Betsy Johnson esque meets old fashion ice cream parlor decor.
3	If you never had frozen hot cocoa it's definitely worth a shot.  And yes it's not a bargain however nothing on the vegas strip is, relative to other items offered there it's fair price.
5	Everytime I come to Vegas, Serendipity is my to-go brunch restaurant!!! Amazing pasta, amazing burgers... Mimosas are fab! And yes the frrozen hot chocolate couldn't be better!
4	Be prepared to pay double what you normally pay for a burger if you eat here! The menu is overly priced without a doubt. Hey, you're in Vegas. Go big or go home. I like to live with that mantra when it comes to eating as well. Came here with a group of friends on a Monday afternoon for lunch. Even on a Monday this place was busy. Luckily, we got seated right away.You save $1 on many of the menu items if you are a Total Rewards member, so don't forget to bring your card with you. One card will work for the entire table. As far as ordering goes, I recommend getting their burger combo deal. You get to choose any burger on the menu AND a "Frrrozen Hot Chocolate" for $26 (no sharing allowed). You get the most bang for your buck. Plus, you'll want that frozen hot chocolate all to yourself! I chose their Portobello Mushroom Burger (normally $18) for my combo. You get a choice of  fries or slaw. I chose the slaw, which was surprisingly good. You could really taste the hints of black pepper that balanced out the flavors. The burger also took me by surprise. I got my beef patty medium rare and it turned out flavorful and juicy. The combo deal was more than enough food. Mint chocolate fans, definitely spit out that extra dollar to get the mint frozen hot chocolate. It's simply amazing. Even my boyfriend enjoyed it and he's generally not a huge mint fan. if mint doesn't appeal to you, no worries. There are many different options to choose from.I say it's worth the experience. I've been here once before for dinner and wasn't thoroughly impressed, but that mint frozen hot chocolate won me over the second time around. Plus, I feel like this is one of those places that are better for brunch/lunch. Natural lighting for food pics, anyone?! (Yes, I'm one of those people...)
5	Went here today off a Groupon offer. Had no issues with the food, actually enjoyed everything from the salad to the pizza to our beverage. Best part was the service. We had Carlos and he made the experience that much better. Extremely attentive and welcoming. Thanks Carlos!
1	Did not mind the hr wait when they said 30. I'm used to that but when I sat down and saw old food on my fork I was disgusted. Not to mention I don't eat red meat or pork and the waitress would substitute my bacon for anything.  I understand that it's a restaurant and things like dirty silverware happen. However the fact that the hostess snatched my fork and didn't apologize for the dirty silverware kinda pissed me off.  I decided to complain to the manager. He did everything in his power to try nd turn my experience around but I was completely turned off. I would not recommend or ever go back because of this experience
5	Came here to celebrate our daughter's birthday and she had a blast! The food quality great. The portions are awesome. Our server Jen was perfect, very knowledgeable about the menu,  great suggestions. Triple decker grill cheese, steak sandwich, margarita pizza and meat madness pizza. Now for dessert. Lol outrageous!
3	Another trip to Fabulous Vegas! My boyfriend and I decided to come here after finding out that Caesar's buffet was going to be a 7 hour wait... I kid you not! We arrived at 1 and was asked to come back at 930. Forget that! Serendipity is located outside of Caesar and it's definitely such a cute place a girl will totally noticed it first hand! Anyways, the line was pretty long so we decided that we were gonna go get the frozen hot chocolate at their "to go" section. Along with this we order their massive chili cheese dog and some fries. We both agreed that the hot chocolate was to die for. The hotdog was so big! It was good but it is what it is. Nothing really spectacular for me to rave about!
3	Right in front of Caesars. Staff was friendly and fairly quick through the visit. Seated without much of wait. Drinks and food order were taken promptly. We weren't quite ready a few times but waitress was nice to check back at a good pace. Once  orders were placed. Food all came in a good time. We visited for breakfast. Ordered a Reese's peanut butter waffle and wagyu Benedict and a frozen hot chocolate. With exception to the Benedict all items individually were more then enough for one person.Inside the two waffles was a light stuffed bacon topped along with peanut butter, whipped cream, and caramel sauce. A side of warm syrup is provided to add sweetness. The pancakes were overly filling and properly sweet.The Benedict sliders were requested on the side of medium. Wagyu was a bit on the well side and over seasoned. Paired into a biscuit and bacon. Eggs were appropriately cooked. The hollandaise sauce was seasoned nicely. The frozen hot chocolate, what they are known for.  The small is appropriate for a small group not eating a meal. The large is more than too much for a group eating a meal. We ordered a small mint frozen hot chocolate. Comes in various flavors. House made a mistake and delivered us a large one (charged for the small one ordered). Drink was delicious. Just too much volume after consuming the meal.Check and bill settlement were quick. Reviewing the price for the portions I would say this was a good value. If you have a Total Rewards card you can save some more money on menu items across. Good: price and food value. Friendly and efficient. Bad: little off on cooking but not lost on taste. Worth additional visits.
2	There was a lot of hype around this place, but I really didn't find it to be all that exciting. My party and I ordered the oreo frozen hot chocolate and it was like blended ice with some oreo flavoring. We also got the tiffany 5 espresso drink but it was absolutely disgusting - it was basically a little cup of espresso with some chocolate shavings thrown in haphazardly. The last thing we ordered was the lookie lookie give me cookie ice cream sundae. Let me tell you - it may as well have been called the, "chunk of cookie dough with some whip cream on top." If you want some quality dessert, do not go here. Albeit true portion sizes are generous, the quality of the food is sub par.
