5	Sean S's review pretty much covered it all, but I had to reaffirm the goodness of this food truck.  I had the spicy one with the green chile, and it was very tasty.  Though I'd only give my dog about a 4 out of 5, there were so many different permutations that I could have chosen; there are potentially limitless 5-star combinations possible.  Oh, did I mention that the service was great?  Really nice people and they really aimed to please.  Just ask and they'll walk you through all the dogs and help come up something extra special just for you.  All in all, I really liked eating here.
5	Great sausages (from Schreiner's), creative and tasty combinations for fixins, on hot naan bread. And wonderful, friendly people - they made sure that I enjoyed what I ordered. A great meal, definitely. I wish there were more than one truck, and I wish one were stationed closer to where I live.
5	I enjoy going to the Phoenix Public Market on Saturday mornings however having a "hot dog" for breakfast wasn't high on my list of things to do yet wanted to try them out.   Late one morning, I was there at lunch time so I tried the Miko; it was great!  Quality ingredients, not too spicy just enough to make it flavorful without being too hot and the hot dog had a great flavor; I would order this again!  I also like finishing it off with a slice of a sweet pickle, nice way of finishing it off.   These are no ordinary "hot dog's", this truly is a gourmet hot dog eatery and although I love a Chicago Dog, these are in a category of their own.  With my first positive experience lead me to finally try out their breakfast dog which was very tasty and surprised, another item I would order again.  Good food, very clean kitchen, nice people, quick service and great location!   I look forward to trying another dog another time!  I recommend them!
5	I'm loving Short Leash Dogs!! Walking into Old Town Tavern for drinks, we noticed their food truck right next to the bar and decided to check it out. What a good call! All the other Yelper reviews have summed it up pretty well, so I won't be repetitive! Definitely get your hot dog on the naan fry bread - you'll never want a regular hot dog bun again! Great service and one of the best hot dogs I've had in a while!!!
4	Super nice people. Pretty good dogs. Unexpected roll--it was flatbread.  We saw them at the Phoenix Public Market.  They were super friendly, did I mention that?  If you are looking for generic hot dog, this ain't it.  If you are looking for tasty friendly food at the Market, they're great.
5	I am a HUGE fan.  Partially because this was the most filling hotdog I have ever had.  I 100percent put my taste buds in the hands of the owners and just said give me whatever I should have.  They brought me out two halves prepared in two different styles,  One had beans and was delicious (the Miko I think)  and the other was spicy (the Aiko I think).  I was absolutely in love with both.  They apparently will be at Shady's every Thursday night and Public Market more often.  From now on every time I see them I'm stopping.  YUM!
4	[It's been a couple weeks since I was here I don't know why it has taken me so long to finish my review. ]YUm!! I am so glad I finally bought something from these guys.  Always a hotdog fan when I heard they serve on flat bread I was ready!  It was the typical breakfast hour here at the Market, having studied the options which all looked so good, I couldn't deny the bacon wrapped option on the menu.  Listed under their breakfast dogs. A bacon wrapped dog with a fried egg.  They asked if I wanted the dog whole or chopped and mixed with the egg.  Chopped and mixed with the egg I also requested fresh onions, cilantro and fresh jalapenos. Carting my creation home to enjoy,  I wish the jalapenos had been hotter but it was alll very good.  I ended up adding a little of my favorite hot sauce at home. The flat bread was warm and soft and made the whole Short Leash experience one of a kind!  Worthy of revisiting!
5	WOW! This place officially ROCKS! Stopping in this morning for "brunch" I decided to try the Aiko with a beer hot. It listed a mango chutney, which had me a bit skeptical at first as I imagined a marmalade style sweet Indian style chutney. When I open my box cover, I discovered fresh diced mango along with the jalapeno, onions cilantro and mayo. The flavors were amazing. SOOO much better than expected and I was already expecting it to be super. I also decided to treat myself to a soda, requesting a Coke he informed me that they had a soda in the cooler called Fago in various flavors and recommended the Rock and Rye ( a cream cola). Sweet but very tasty and it accompanied the Aiko very well. Hot dogs will never be the same!!
5	YES, YES, YES!!!My brother and I were in Phoenix for the week (unfortunately our father had a stroke...but is doing much better now) from San Diego.We saw several catering trucks parked at a farmers market on Wed night and popped in.So glad we did!I had a dog with mango chutney and other yummies.  Serving them on flat bread... Genius!!!!My brother ordered the corn dog.  The breading actually tasted like corn!The owners couldn't have been more friendly and outgoing.  When they told us of their breakfast dog on Sat mornings....We happened to still be in town on Sat and it was a given that we'd be going back!Breakfast was insane!!!!  We took one to go for our family at the hospital.All in all, utterly fantastic.If I should be in Phoenix again, you can bet I will make it a point to seek out Short Leash!Thanks again,-John from San Diego
5	I'm not really a hot dog guy (not that there's anything wrong with that). When I crave a hot dog, I might get one and one is always necessary at a ball game and once in awhile i will get a hot dog at the gas station when in a pinch, but in general, I am not the sort of guy to go out of my way to find a wiener.That being said...The first time I went to Short Leash at the Public Market with Ayesha S. It was damned good but ya know...still a hotdog, not my thing necessarily. Second time I went was with Julia T. and I think "yeah I kinda get it, if you are into hot dogs..." Third time...something just opened inside of me...something magical and warm and I felt like Belle in Beauty and the Beast, my heart opening up and for the  first time not viewing it just as a hot dog (There must be something there that wasn't there before) but as a sandwich, a meal, a real step above what I am used to in the hot dog department.The actual hotdog...it is...How do i put it?...the texture and flavour are like BAM. Then the toppings...pick your own or go with one of the choice combinations they list...also they run specials with pet dog namesakes. You probably aren't going to get it wrong no matter what you go with.  The toppings are fresh, tasty and they are not stingy with em. It all gets loaded up into a flatbread which sounds odd but works.Here is the real kicker...these people are effing rad. I walk up and guy says to me "I'm sorry, I forgot your name." I had been there twice and not that recently I didn't even expect him to remember who I was at all. So then I go pay with my card and realize I forgot to get a bottle of water for my dog. The guy gives me a bowl of water for him and then the lady behind the counter asks if he can have a hotdog. She even assures me they are 100 percent beef. Gives my dog a free hot dog! Mind you I think they appreciated the work he was doing gathering signatures for the DT dog park. *ching* I felt tingly all over and knew it was true love. Cray good. CRAZY good.
4	I finally caught up with these guys at the phoenix market. I really love the soft flat bread they use as buns, its wonderful. And the owner, couldn't be nicer. My experience was really a positive one. The dog I had with the mango chutney on it was great, the one with blue cheese, cole slaw, and barbecue sauce was surprisingly good as well. I hope to catch them at shadys in the future!
5	If you don't like the red-hot on Naan fry bread you're either a vegetarian or a traitor to your country, and in either case we probably don't hang out very often. The cole slaw and BBQ dog is also TDF.Short Leash's owners put together an impressive ensemble of local food truck vendors for the Downtown Mobile Food Court, open Fridays 11am-1pm in the Phoenix Public Market parking lot. Today's debut drew massive crowds and I expect the roster of food trucks to grow in the coming weeks.
5	Ooooo-K! Looks like there is some pressure to give SLD a 5-star since every Elite did! ;-)Yes, they deserved it! Ever tried a Gorilla dog at a Suns game? Well, there's really no comparison actually, except for its approximate 12-inch size.The fusion of a simple, yet tasty Indian bread and the ever so popular American sausage really worked.  Upon ordering, you decide on their pre-set toppings, like 5 of them OR you can customize from 20 or so toppings.  The hot dog itself with any number of toppings is only $5.The tricky part about customizing is understanding the flavors of each ingredient! So I had to carefully choose ones that made sense! :)  I was glad to see mushrooms on the list so I had them sauteed it.  Other ones I was happy to see were the spicy mustard and siracha!My meal came with a bag of sea salted chips and a bottle of cold, pure sugar cane ginger ale, which was quite refreshing! My total was just $8.If any personnel from the Phoenix Suns organization is reading this or have heard, I sure hope they would consider opening up one of these in their arena.
5	The breakfast special has hit my taste buds and is being digested as I write this! I am so happy that I woke my arse up early this Saturday to get down to the Phoenix Public Market to try SLD. For a mere $5 I got what a lot of people will call a gourmet hot dog, but what I would call an ingenious new take on American street food. It was filling, flavorful and a perfect way to start my day. Not only that, but the owners were super friendly and happy too chat with me! Do yourself a flavor and read the other reviews on Yelp, look them up on Facebook, find their schedule and be at their next location to get yourself a damn-good dog. I can't wait to go back!
5	Delish!  Had the Aiko with the beer hot. Thanks guys!
5	I had been wanting to check out Short Leash Dogs for quite some time after hearing lots of buzz on Yelp and on Phoenix New Times.  A trip to the Urban Grocery store for some wine tasting yesterday provided a perfect opportunity.  There were four specialty dogs up for grabs, but after subbing out my blue cheese for cheddar, I decided to go completely original and ditch the coleslaw for pinto beans.  I went with a beer hot based on the guy's recommendation.  What can I say?  This dog was magical.  I think I loved the bun best.  I don't know what it was, but it was soft and fluffy and held the dog and fixings well.  Beans, of course, went tremendously with the slightly spicy dog.  And all for just $5.  Phoenix, you need to try this place.
5	One word: delicious.Quick, friendly service, clean looking truck and for a hot dog stand an extensive menu. They offer all their selections with a vegetarian dog, which I love! I had the special of the day, it was fresh and hot, served on soft warm flat bread that tasted like it was baked that morning.I know they travel around the valley, the best location for me to catch them is the Urban Market downtown - they are there Saturday mornings, Wednesday evenings, and for lunch on Fridays.Will be back this evening for round two!
5	TASTY DOGS!!!!!! One of the best hot dogs I have ever had!! It's a mom and pop own food stand. But well designed and friendly service. The price isn't to bad just make sure to bring cash though. But the way Brad and Kat make their gourmet hot dogs makes them stand out from the rest of those hot dog restaurants. Now if everyone can just convince them to open a store up and have more hours that would be AWESOME!!!
5	This is the first review I've written where I wish I could give more than five stars.I was so hesitant to try this place based on all the hipster reviews and and the preconcieved notion that is overpriced stuff that appeals to granolas and hipsters. Well, that may be true, but I think it appleals to everyone as well. I ordered the Noki, a dog with green chiles, pintos, cheese, and an all beef Schreiner's hot dog. They serve the dogs on flatbread which is awesome beyond belief! The taste and quality was definitely there and the portion is enormous. Where I really want to give this place more stars is the service. I want to say they have worked in high levels of service industry before because name usage was constant. They took my name for the order and used it at least three times in conversation with me. I noticed they had a catch for bottle caps from the sodas they sell, so I asked if my girlfriend could have them for an art project she is doing. Not only did he say she could take them, but gave her a ziplock bag for them, offered to save them from future days, and tried to refuse when I recognized the great service and gave a tip. in short (get it?) these guys get how to run a business. They are friendly, helpful, serve high quality food, and go above and beyond what the customer wants or needs. They take credit cards as well through a Droid app the guy has on his cell phone, and you sign with your finger on the phone's touch screen. I don't go to the market much, and I try not to eat hot dogs, but if I'm ever out and about when this truck is there, I'll definitely stop by again.One hundred stars, thanks again guys!
3	Stop today for doggies they were very good. A little different serve on a flat bread "pita style". Pro: Good many combination to orderCon: A little pricey " 2 dogs, potatoes chips and drink  $ 16.00 total         Off a lunch truck for the that price.         No seating, or tables         A steep price for a hot dog
4	Yes, I get the hype, Short Leash is a welcome addition to the Phoenix food scene, but I don't think this is the perfect food cart by any means.  The dogs are delicious, I love the local-organic focus, and the cart itself is very attractive.  I just can't seem to justify 5 stars, here's why:The dogs are much smaller than the naan, leaving lots of bread and toppings left over.  The naan could be adjusted for the dogs a bit, I mean, if you're going to go to the trouble...The naan is good but mine was kind of undercooked, leaving some bites overly chewy.The toppings don't all fuse together that well, leaving much of them to drop out of the bread.  I wasn't given a fork and was left scrambling for beans.I welcome Short Leash and wish them well, but don't go thinking it's going to revolutionize hot dogs, it's just a good dog.  Worth $5?  Maybe if the dogs were a bit bigger.
4	I love food trucks.  Short Leash does it really well.  The signage is a little confusing but basically for about $5 bucks you can get a great meal.  Customize a dog with pita bread and fill up.  I like to go on Fridays and follow up my meal with some ice cream from Sweet Republic.  Lunch for under ten buck, both me and my stomach are happy!
4	Pros:   Excellent Hot Dogs   Good Prices   Superior ServiceCons:   Why can't they open up next to my house? :)
5	YES!!! this was soo good, a little messy but good. It is at a farmers market on Wed and Saturdays from 8am-1pm ish. I went around 12 and the wasn't a big line.I got my dog pretty fast and wow was it amazing. I got the Aiko with a Hot Beer Dog. The spices were perfect and soo tasty. The Aiko had Mango Chutney, Jalapenos, Mayo, (something else but i can't remember). This was served on flatbread/pita or whatever you want to call it. It was quite different way to eat your dog, but wow I love the idea and it was super good. Got my food in about 3 minute wait, there isn't really too many tables to sit at so prepare to be friendly with some strangers or learn how to stand and eat. I am not afraid of strangers yet soo i sat with one and ate. Be aware if you have big sleeves food will fall in it ... mango chutney was in my jacket sleeve...soo my arm smelled REAL good after. I did get a "complain" that my breath smelled like mango chutney...but whatever i think they were just jealous of me getting some good food :)oh yeah 5 dollar a specialty dog...heck yes good deal, it filled me up!
4	If you love the wiener then you better try Short Leash Dogs! It's worth the wait. I had the Moki and it was delicious! What a random but tasty combination of ingredients. Sometimes you just have to trust the experts and go with hteir suggestions - and that's what I did with this one. It was a little bit spicy and a super messy but very satisfying. If you're looking for something different - the topping possibilities are endless.The last star for me would be a bigger selection or beverages. Maybe they were just picked over but I'd love to see some sodas and bottled water available. I appreciate the cute factor or the cream soda, etc. but really love a cold soda and a hot dog. I love that we're seeing these types of urban concepts in Phoenix.
4	I am not your typical hot dog lover, but these are oh so good!  The flatbread that it comes on is full of flavor, soft, and super tasty!  I got the Aiko, and I can't wait to try more next time.  The flavor combinations that they offer are endless and could make your head spin.  $5 for a pretty large meal. It is very filling.  And Messy. Extra napkins are a must...and maybe some wet wipes lol.  The staff is beyond nice.  They seem very down to earth and genuine.  Check it out! You will not be disappointed! They are at the Phx Public Market on Wed, Fri nights, and Sat. morning/afternoon.
4	After reading all the hype, I finally made it downtown to try Short Leash Dogs... and it definitely met the high expectations. I really enjoy hot dogs, but I rarely eat them because the regular store bought weiners kind of gross me out. Short Leash's franks come from Schreiner's, so you know they're quality.  They were super helpful in explaining how everything was served and I couldn't decide what to try so they offered to make me a half Aiko and half Moki. They're served in flat bread to hold all the delicious toppings. The Aiko's main ingredient is mango chutney and jalapenos (almost reminded me of a sweet salsa). The Moki had green chilis, bean, and cheese. They were both so tasty, I couldn't decide which to eat first and which to save for my last bite. I can't wait to go back and try some other great combos  (you can create your own from a long list of inventive toppings).
4	Unleash your hot dog inhibitions and enjoy a fresh, local take on a time honored street food.  The Na an bread bun is a stroke of genius and their commitment to sourcing their food locally will definitely endear themselves to the locals.My only complaint?  That they'd expand their coverage and set up shop closer to home.
4	Finally made it last night 30 minutes before they close! only to discover they had an unexpected lunch rush and had run out of bread... They apologized profusely and said that to make up for it, they'd cut up the dog, give me double the meat and mix it all up into more of a bowl-like situation. I had wanted to get the Oliver (Reuben-esque), but when I heard there was no bread I opted for the Aiko which has red onion, jalapeno, mango... It was good And spicy! I also picked up a Miko for the roommate which looked tasty and she didn't seem to have any complaints.Dogs are $5. I think Maui dog is a better deal for what you get. Was glad to hear that they set up shop at Shady's on Thursdays until 11pm so I'll have to give them another shot over there sometime.
5	The combination of Art and Hot Dogs has been competently accomplished by this man and woman team in a mobile food cart. And they're having fun doing it. And the food is made with love. And the soda selection is perfect. And the price is reasonable. And you shouldn't start a sentence with "And". And Short Leash Dogs makes commuting downtown bearable. And the fried pickles are a real treat. And I'll never wanna eat another hot dog in a bun... gimmie a warm flat bread. And who knew that corn dogs could be so gourmet. And I love Short Leash Dogs!
5	My only complaint about Short Leash is that they don't follow me around town in the food cart, which means I cannot eat delicious hot dog concoctions all day! How unfair is that?!?Well, Amber... we all know you are a VEGAN, so why do you want to be followed around by a hot dog cart? Well, Reader... Short Leash has VEGGIE DOGS! That is right... this delicious, convenient, amazing food cart has VEGGIE DOGS!The bread, however, is not vegan. But that is fine, because they chop up your wiener into little bite sized pieces and load it up with one of the many (50+??) ingredients they have available. And when you don't get it with bread, you get two!I top my double wiener with pinto beans, sauteed onions, green chilies, jalapenos, and tomatoes. I'm going to come up with a name and have them name one special after me.Excellent customer service, positive vibe, delicious, high-quality ingredients, and I legally get to say wiener six times in 1 review!Wiener wiener wiener!
5	Finally a hot dog with a snap in it's bite! The true sign of a good dog.  We enjoyed the Aiko and Moki, both were delicious, the mango chutney was a perfect little sweet compliment to the meaty hot dog.  The flat bread is a great idea because you can really wrap this guy up and enjoy it as you walk around the market! Price was right, I mean $5 for a hot dog might seem a bit high for some but this is a BIG DOG! definitely worth it.  The only criticism I might have is that we had one person come up to us when we were going to order and ask us if they sold dog food in the truck... I guess because of the big dog painted on it with a short leash! LOL! but seriously it was a great gourmet style hot dog! We'll be back to try some other combinations!P.S- The extra touch to remember our names while we were there was nice! Good clean and friendly service.
5	Incredible food and amazing service is a hard to come by these days, but Short Leash delivers!
4	Have to add my fine regards to this little truck.I had the "Devil Dog" and it was indeed fairly spicy.  And I'm the guy in my group who loves it "so hot my face sweats" so when I say something is fairly spicy, it's not going to be for the faint of tongue.Good bargain for what you get.  The Naan bread made for a "different" kind of "Hot Dog" for sure.All the fillings were fresh and added to the overall taste instead of getting overpowered by any one ingredient.I'll definitely hit this truck again in the future.  Good Job !!!
5	I'm not typically a frequent eater of hot dogs. I usually get a craving once or twice a month tops. Thanks to the genius that is Short Leash my habit is becoming a weekly occurrence. Like heroin or crack, a Short Leash dog will have you hooked after one hit. Sadly, this habit isn't as easy to break as the others. The dogs themselves are of the highest quality, with excellent flavor and crunch. The beer hot is my preferred tube o' meat and it's wonderful, with just the right kick. My first visit I decided to build my own dog; Beer hot, beans, cheddar, onion and spicy mustard. The list of toppings is impressive to say the least. The second time there I went with one of their pre-built concoctions. Each time I was amazed at how all the flavors blended and how delicious everything was. Customer service is excellent as well, yet another reason to support the business. Thanks to the spectacular overall experience Short Leash Dogs can expect a visit from me every Saturday.
4	Awesome A MUST TRY! great addition to the Phx food scene.
5	I can't freaking believe I haven't reviewed Short Leash yet!!!!!!!  I go pretty much every Friday to the Downtown Phoenix Public Market food truck court.  Is that a mouthful or what?????I make a beeline here.  Not only are these people totally kick-ass but so are the hot dogs.I try to get a different one each time, but I always end up with the one that's got the jalapenos on it.  I don't remember the names ever.  I am there to eat, not read, but I think it's the Igby.They have a new one I learned about last night, the "Lady," and my mouth is watering right now at my desk.  I will be trying it out today for lunch. :}Oh, and when business owners remember the names of their customers, they are tops in my book.  After all, I may be eating their hot dog, but it's still....all about me.  ;}
1	I sought this out because Yelp caught my eye with it being on their "Best of Yelp Phoenix Restaurants" so I made a deliberate drive to get there, ate what I though was representative and think Yelp has this one wrong.First of all Yelp, it isn't a restaurant that you claim but a food truck, a very small food truck.  But I had read the Yelp reviews and knew that.I stepped up and had trouble finding the ordering line through the people.  While there wasn't a big group ordering, about 6 people were clustered around blocking the window, apparently waiting for their orders to appear.  Turns out it would be a long wait, but good things are worth waiting for, right?I sorted through those waiting, politely asked and found there was no line and made my way to the window.   I ordered the Beef Moki and because of the positive Yelp comments, added a side of fried pickle.  Total was $8 without a drink (I got one of the fruit drinks at the other trucks there).  Window guy said it would be about 7 mins, which caused me to look at my Droid - 1:22PM.   At 1:38PM my Moki arrived but there was a few minutes more wait for the fried pickle which wasn't ready yet.  Took 20 mins total and this was well past peak lunch hour.  Sat down and looked at what I got (see photos I took).  Other Yelpers are right, the dog is small. The Moki is listed as having green chilis, onions, tomatos, pinto beans, cheddar & mayo. I was anticipating a nice SouthWestern style blend of flavors, but that was absent.  I bit in and none of these flavors jumped out, no chili heat, no flavor burst, no taste of fresh veggies melding.  What I did get was a sensation of the tough skin texture of the dog, very thick naan bread and a pinto bean absorbtion.  Turning to the fried pickle, its breading kept falling off just leaving the limp, soggy pickle.  I finished the 7 pieces of fried pickle that I had paid $3 for and wondered why the ratings were so high.  The dining area I sat in was very windy, blowing fiercely which made the experience forced; a hand off between eating and holding down anything that I had ordered.  Hours later, my iron stomach is still getting belch tones from the dog's meat spices and oil based aromas.  This isn't good.Unless you're working right across the street and this place was the utmost in convenience, I'd pass.  The flavors didn't work or even stand out, the service was incredibly slow, and the eating area was dumpy and windy.  Spending $8 for "a dog and pickles" then add an additional cost of a drink beyond that, you are already at sit down restaurant prices found elsewhere nearby.  I just don't see what the ravings are all about at this place.  Heck, I saw a Pita Jungle a few blocks before and wondered why I would pass that up to come here.SIDE NOTE - I went back and read some of the prior Yelp reviews.  I just don't get how reviewers are giving this place such high ratings.Here is a review that rated 4 stars but stated it was only held back from 5 stars because; -small dog, -undercooked naan, -toppings flavors don't fuse together, -neglected service, -overpricedhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/short-leash-dogs-phoenix#hrid:_FrRd1SiaPMV5-sIcTWu1Awtf - Yelp, you've let me down.
5	Love these dogs!  If you love hot dogs, you should track down this truck immediately. I always get the same thing--the dog with the sauerkraut--but everyone I've dined with has loved their selections too.  Ask the owners what combos they suggest for the various toppings.  They are incredibly nice and knowledgeable.  You will have to wait for your food longer than if you get a hot dog at Costco (which I also love), but it will be worth it.  It's good food, not fast food.
4	Excellent hot dogs! Prepared with attention to detail.
4	I am a bonafide food truck fan. From the very early days of waiting for the Kogi BBQ truck in SoCal way before the entire food truck revolution when groups would be gathered at seemingly odd spots with people curiously wondering what the heck we were waiting for. Well, it's not so weird anymore with the rise of numerous food trucks and I was happy to see that Phoenix was no exception. When I moved from SoCal, I was really bummed about leaving my food trucks. I'm dead serious.But life is a bit brighter now that I've found several delicious food trucks here in Phoenix, including Short Leash Dogs. Of the few that I have tried so far, SLD is definitely the meal that gave me the most bang for my buck. My fiance and I tried the Lady combination on a bratwurst. I didn't know what to expect so when we received our hot dog wrapped in flatbread as opposed to a regular hot dog bun we were pleasantly surprised. Think about it...the larger flatbread holding the hot dog can also hold more toppings and thus, more yummy flavor!SLD has quite a few options to choose from so it will be fun going back to check out other flavors. And as others have pointed out, the service is great. The wait time is as expected for a food truck serving lots of customers - no biggie, that's just how food truck dining rolls - besides, as every foodie knows the good stuff is worth the wait.
5	Short Leash does it right. Shreiner's Fine Sausages, Flatbread buns, excellent ingredients and Faygo! It is hard to dislike hot dogs, unless your vegetarian, or don't eat certain meats, or are into eating healthy...etc.Short Leash defeats these issues one by one, their dogs can be healthy if you want, with fruits and veggies. They can even be vegetarian! (I am not sure about vegan, but probably) Furthermore, they can be chicken, beef, spicy beer, brat or hot dog. Moreover, they are served on flatbread! Flatbread! These guys improved on the hot dog bun!Even better, they are served out of a truck in various places around town, but only at that place at that time. I often get them at the Downtown Public Market on Wednesdays, however I have heard they are at Central and Camelback on Saturdays often as well. I have also heard rumor of them having breakfast dogs as well!They even do private events, like weddings...that'd be freakin awesome!
5	Enjoyed meeting Short Leash last night at Shady's, when Brad tapped me on the shoulder and asked that I move my truck so that he could back the food truck in. Sure glad I did! The choice of Shreiner for their meat provision told me a lot without having to ask. I had a beer hot with custom toppings. Wow what a list! Very fresh and tasty. I believe it was well worth the price of admission. Great food and great people.
4	Ok, this place exceeded my expectations! I was kind of wary about the weird toppings, but it was excellent. So I went to First Friday last night with a few friends and we were walking around, people watching, and looking at the... interesting....art showings, and then we stumbled upon short leash dogs! Well. I have been wanting to try one for some time, but generally I'm not in the same area as this food truck, so there was no doubt that I would be getting one. My friend and I shared one, cuz there was more food to be had. We got the Aiko with no mayo on a regular hotdog. The naan was perfect for the dog, it was so soft, warm, and delicious. The toppings (mango chutney, onion, jalapeno, cilantro) were absolutely delicious and fresh tasting on the dog. The cilantro really made it something special. So this place really impressed me. I will definitely need to go back and try more dogs before I can give it five stars, but this is a wonderful place, everyone should go get one of these hot dogs.... yum.
5	After hearing I could get a Vegan Hot Dog, I finally made it down to food truck Friday. Let me tell you the anticipation was killing me. I saw the long line and knew it must be amazing, none of the other trucks had a line like theirs. I really had my heart set on a Vegan corn dog but was told that unfortunately the Vegan dogs don't stand up to the heat of going into the fryer, it was a sad day. I opted for a vegan dog with sauerkraut, relish and mustard, and although I was told that the bun/bread wasn't completely vegan as it had trace amount of egg in it, I went ahead and got it anyway. WOW, one bite and I saw the face of DOG! This was by far the most sinful experience I've had in a very long time, words cannot describe the magnitude of flavors that were dancing around in my mouth, it was completely euphoric. Short Leash Dogs are simply amazing, and as I write this, I'm already plotting my next visit and you should too! P.S. For all you non-vegans, don't worry, they have a fine selection of meaty wieners just for you.
5	I'll admit...I've always seen the hot dog as the lowest possible form of meat there is. Even as a kid, hearing playground rumors of what was actually in hot dogs struck me with fear and made the hot dog's more attractive cousin...the hamburger...a much more appealing option for stuffing into my gullet. Sure...I'd have a hot dog once a year or so when I was in the mood, or at the occasional baseball game. But for all intents and purposes, the hot dog was dead to me. Now, thanks to Short Leash Dogs my mild disdain of the hot dog has made a miraculous 180, rising from the recesses of my palette like a phoenix from the ashes. How could a hot dog be so amazing? Maybe it's the fresh and local ingredients...or the high quality dogs/sausages they use...or maybe it's the Naan bread. Whatever they're doing...they're doing it right, because when you bite into one of their unique dogs, it's like an explosion of flavor that can't even be compared to the type of hot dogs I grew up on.So far we've tried a few different styles and they've all been uniquely tasty in their own way. My personal favorite is Beer Hot served Lady style...it might just be one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth.Oh...and if it wasn't enough that their food is orgasmically good, the two owners are some of the nicest people you'll ever meet. Someone with a product this good has no right being so genuine and friendly. Honestly, they could be assholes and their food is good enough that it would probably still sell like hot cakes. When a restaurant (or food truck in this case) has amazing food that is matched with friendly service, it creates an environment you want to keep coming back to. Did I mention the prices are pretty cheap too?Thank you to Short Leash Dogs I am now craving their hot dogs on a weekly basis, at the very least.We love this place if you can't tell. If you haven't tried it already...GO NOW. My only hope is that they continue to expand and trek to more places around the valley more often...maybe even open up a brick and mortar location somewhere close to where I live; hey I can dream can't I?5/5.
4	It's all about the bread and what is around the dog, not the dog it self.I finally made it down to the mobile food court on a Friday and was not distracted by another truck.I oped for a veggie Moki A veggie dog with into beans, cheese green chillies and a mayo based sauce. What made it was the great soft flat bread and the toppings as the veggie dog it self was a bit bland and had no character. As I side I went with an order of veggie corn pups. Which are balls of cheese covered in con batter and fried, all on a stick, they are heavenly.All of this for $7I tried some of my friends fried pickles. They were just too sweet.Check them out at this location most Fridays from 11-1
5	Hot dogs for breakfast??? Oh yes, my friends...You must try the Breakfast Special during the Downtown Phoenix Farmers Market on Saturday! Scrambled eggs with chopped up hot dogs, mushrooms, a little salsa, and a few other yummy ingredients- all nestled in a pita. Lots of flavor with a little kick that made my taste buds sing! And a portion size enough for two meals- or one if you're hungry. Good price, too. If they're busy, order one and shop around- it doesn't take too long anyway, but also gives you a chance to explore the rest of the Market.It's not on the menu, so ask for it!(Also loved the little lollipop surprise in with the to-go box!)
4	So far I've had the Aiko and the Moki and both were super delicious (the Aiko tastes better)! The meat they use for the original wieners are good quality. I've tried a few other food trucks and Short Leash is by far the best both in quality and value. It's $5 for a dog and in my opinion, that's not a bad price for a gourmet hot dog.There's always been a long line when I've gone there, and everything is made to order. With that said, be prepared to wait 5-10 minutes after you order.Service is awesome and friendly.
5	High quality, local ingredients, $5!!  This will keep me coming back to Phx Public Market every Friday!
4	I like these dogs because they are more like a sandwich than your typical American Frank.  They are served on a delicious flat bread/pita  "bun" and are filled with all sorts of toppings - not just ketchup and relish- I'm talking beans, cilantro, onions, chipotle, cheese, and peppers. And yes, they do have a vegetarian one!! Their mock meat looked so real it was eerie - I took a nibble and I couldn't tell if they had accidently given me a real hot dog!  So, I tore off a little chunk and showed it to the hot dog man, "This is a vegetarian one, right?!"  He laughed and said, "Yes.  We actually get that comment quite often."
5	I am not really a huge fan of hot dogs. Yes, I know it is the trendy new thing, but I am always behind the trend. Until now---I finally tried the Short Leash Dog, and there is no going back! I tried the Oliver Dog, which is your choice of dog, I chose the chicken dog, covered with 1000 Island, sauerkraut, and Swiss cheese. The best part of the dog is the pita like bread the dog comes in. It is fresh and moist. I could eat the bread alone, but topped with a juicy chicken dog, and all the toppins', I could not ask for a better lunch on a beautiful, sunny, Phoenix, Friday afternoon.
5	They are also at Shady's (Indian School and 27th) on Thursday nights!
5	$5 for an amazingly delicious taste explosion in my mouth? Yes please. : )I finally was able to try SLD out today (thanks testing break!). I got up to the window and said, "I'm so excited to be here right now!" The owner just laughed at me. I don't blame him. I'm completely ridiculous!Anyhow, I ordered the Lady and added green chilis and sriracha with a chicken dog. The owner asked if I liked spicy things, and I gave him a resounding "Yes!" He suggested next time I order a Devil Dog. I cannot wait for that day!Super friendly service, amazingly tastetastic food, yeah, that just about sums it up. Yep.
4	These aren't just hot dogs. They are snappy Schreiner's sausages loaded with most anything you can imagine--and perhaps some things you wouldn't. I tried the 'Lady', which is topped with a spicy chipotle cream cheese sauce, grilled onions and fried pickle pieces, all snugly wrapped in warm middle eastern flat bread. Each box of hot dog happiness comes complete with a Dum Dum lollipop, which you can tuck into your updo to enjoy later. I found them in my 'hood while waiting in line to pick up my tickets for the Sunnyslope Modern Home Tour. But, I've heard you can find them in the parking lot at Phoenix Public Market or you may want to follow them on Twitter (@shortleashdogs) to find out where they are setting up shop next.
5	This food truck is amazing! The food keeps you going back for more. Who knew a hot dog can be so good. I been ordering the Lady and just can not get enough. It has fried pickles on it and a spicy sauce. All these flavors really mesh well together. Cant wait for my next visit! Go check them out!
4	Crazy. Awesome. Good. I cannot believe it took me this long to try some Short Leash Dogs!!The truck is adorable and the service is top notch. I don't have to repeat things 50 times and the service is much quicker than I expected.I ordered the Lady dog which has onions, fried pickles and chipotle cream cheese sauce. I got it on an all beef dog. I added mushrooms to it for something extra.  When I got it, it was piping hot in bread that I think is naan, and if not, is something pretty damn close. It was so good, I didn't want it to end. I didn't want to admit that I had an empty dish in front of me. I wanted to get in line and buy another. But it was enough for a complete meal and I knew I had no one to roll me into my house even if I managed to make it to my car.It was piping hot, which was good but that combined with the bread made it a little hard to hold. I'm not complaining though. Next time I'll just have to knife and fork it, which is completely fine by me. Additionally they have pepsi in a bottle, which is hard core. I'm a fan!
4	tried the aiko...with a chicken dog. it was delish! great dog...great toppings...perfect combo (i was skeptical!). friendly service and hot food! i'll try again...and will try another type...another time!
5	Believe the hype.  Short Leash Dogs owns!  The first sign that things were about to get very good was when a saw a fork on my dog.  Right off the bat I knew it was going to be messy and that's what I like.I scanned the menu and opted for the Moki dog.  It began with my choice of dog (regular wiener) and then topped with green chilies, pinto beans, mayo, tomatoes, and onions.  It may be the best dog I have ever had.  It was that good.  All the flavors exploded in my mouth.  Short Leash Dogs has managed to turn a simple American culinary staple into something that is utterly amazing.My only beef with Short Leash Dogs is they tend to operate on a schedule I cannot sync with because of work.  Today I lucked out when they opened shop for the day at a Whole Foods by my place of work.  Can I really hold that against them?  No, I cannot.  Time to find a new job!
5	Wow.  It had been a long time since I was so excited to try something.  Our original dinner plan was to order Chinese from China Village & run across the street for a drink at Shady's while we waited.  We lucked out big time!  The parking lot of China Village was full, so we went right to Shady's and were introduced to Short Leash.  All it took was one look at the menu and I knew I would be hooked.  I was tossed up between the Aiko (mango chutney, jalapenos, red onions, fresh cilantro and mayo) or the Lady (chipotle cream cheese, sauteed onions and fried pickles) - but went with the lady.  I have not stopped thinking about the deliciousness of that dog since it touched my lips.  Speaking of fried pickles - I have always loved them, but the fried pickles from Short Leash were hands down the best fried pickles I have ever had.  I need to find out what they put in their batter to give it the spice and crispiness that lasted through the entire meal - no soggy pickles in the end.  So if you're a hotdog fan or even if you're not (they will convert you!) find them on Facebook, track them down in the Valley and get some goodness!!
5	Top notch folks! Had the Aiko.  Pita was light and airy, all beef dog was tasty and the mango chutney was great without being overpowering.  Chased it down with a Ruski lemonade. Shame on me for not coming out here sooner.  So many possible combinations for custom dogs too! cheers
5	I had the pleasure of trying out Short Leash Dogs at Ignite 10. I had a bratwurst slider. The slider was a bratwurst  served on a pretzel roll with sauerkraut and cheese. That combination was awesome. It was the perfect balance of sweet, savory, and salty.  The sauerkraut was the best I have had since I visited Germany. It was sweet and in combination with the cheese the slider just melted in my mouth. When I think of sliders I think of small portions, but this one was rich and filling. I highly recommend Short Leash Dogs. I can't wait to try their other menu items.
5	Holy.crap.The best, ever.I LOVE THEIR HOT DOGS!OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!I could eat their hot lady dog everyday forever and be happy.  A delicious spicy hot dog, on a naan bread, topped with chipotle cream cheese and all sorts of other delicousness.SO GOOD!I should have gotten two.  One to eat, one to go.
4	What else is there to say about Short Leash? They're totally awesome. The food, the people, the truck, the service. The whole shabang is ridiculously awesome.The Lady and Corn Pups are where it's at. Only reason for four stars is I'm too lazy to run around town tracking them down. Otherwise, the food, it's a solid five.
5	I absolutely love their hot dog creations. They have very different and unique flavor combination and they are served on naan like flat bread, not the same old hot dog bun.My personal favs are the Aiko and the Moki. All hot dogs cost $5 which i'm willing to pay for these tasty puppies!
5	Short Leash Dogs has the BEST hot dogs around!!  I met my dad here for lunch the other day.  I thought he was pulling my leg when he told me he was buying us hot dogs for lunch and he is a "restaurant" kind of guy.This little hot dog wagon cranks out some of the best tasting dogs!  I had the Aiko with the spicy dog and it was delish!  We also had some of their corn pups that I think had habanero chilies.  They were oh-so-good!  I can't wait until we go back!
5	First off I am not a hot dog person at all...but one amazing truck called Short Leash Hot Dogs has changed my life forever! Amazing, creative, unique and delicious are only a few descriptions I can say about these dogs. I was first introduced to Short Leash Hot Dogs through the Yelp science fair when they were handing out samples of their corn pups to everyone in line and thought they were super delicious, little did I know what other creations they had up their sleeve! I came across them again at the Devoured Culinary Classic where I got to try different samples and I also saw they encourage you to send them pictures of your dog so they can feature them with a special hot dog! Being the dog lover that I am, I sent one of the owners, Brad, an email the next day with a picture of my Siberian Husky named Sky. At the end of May Sky was the featured dog of the week with his own special hot dog made up of grilled pears, romaine lettuce, bacon, and blue cheese dressing. I was told it was hit, so I decided to take the pup with me downtown and get a chance to meet them and try the delicious hot dog!I have also tried other hot dogs on their menu, and you may be a little hesitant about some of the combinations of different ingredients, but trust me... they know exactly what they are doing and you will not be disappointed with any choice you make! I definitely recommend anyone and everyone to try Short Leash Hot Dogs just once, even if you are not a hot dog kind of a person!
5	Seriously good dogs. Get em how you want or order one of their specialties. All of them come on flat bread. I like the igby which has bbq sauce, Cole slaw and blue cheese...3 of my fav ingredients! They're at the food truck Fridays downtown every week. You can either select one of the created menu items, or build your own dog. I have also had the Aiko dog, which comes with mango chutney, jalapeno, cilantro, red onion and mayo. I chose a hot beef dog as my "dog selection" here. Overall very good, but I could have done without the mango. Not that the mango was bad just that it seemed a bit too much as it kept falling out of my flat bread! Always excited for whatever creation I can have next time I go.
4	After hearing nothing but good things about Short Leash Dogs, I finally got to try them out for lunch yesterday. Every Wednesday during June & July (I think?) they are located at 335 W McDowell Rd (which is about a 2 minute drive from where I work) from 11am-1:30pm. My girlfriend Renee is in town for the summer so she met me there for some lunch & girl talk. We were warmly greeted by Brad (1 of the owners) & he explained it all since this was our 1st time. I decided on the Lady (chipotle cream cheese, sauteed onions & fried pickles) with a regular wiener, a bottle of good old fashioned coke & a corn pup for us to share. Renee decided on the weekly special Tyler (beef & bean chili, French's crunchy fried onions & cheddar cheese, sans the fried onions) with a regular wiener & a bottle of coke as well. We loved our wieners & the corn pup, so damn good! I loved that they used Naan bread instead of a bun, so clever! My only complaint was that I wished they used dill pickles on my wiener instead of the sweet ones. It was also a cute touch that they give you a lil dum dum sucker, brings me back to my childhood days. Total for 2 wieners, a corn pup & 2 bottled cokes was only $16 & some change, awesome deal. I will definitely be back!
5	Just moved here from Austin, where crunchy vegan-friendly restaurants abound, trying to find a replacement for the girlfriends favorite veg-friendly hot-dog place in Austin has been hard to find... Alas Short Leash has surpassed even her expectations. Great service, fast, friendly, and too many variations on toppings to list.  I cant even pretend to know what hers was like because i greedily devoured mine ( the igby: coleslaw, bleu cheese, bbq sauce ) with reckless disregard for my fingers. Going to make it to Short Leash as often as possible....i only gave it 5 stars because i cant give it anymore.
2	I really wanted to LOVE this. I mean the trailer is sooo cute, and the food truck idea I am crazy about, but the soggy flat bread wasn't what I expected. I am willing to give it another try, and if I change my mind, I will recant!!!
5	Moki.  Hold the onion.  Beer Hot sausage.  Nothing more to say.
5	Imagine every hot dog you've ever had. Ok, now throw every image out the window because you haven't tasted anything until you've had a hot dog from Short Leash Dogs. Everything I heard about Short Leash Dogs is true and today I finally got to experience one. I visited Short Leash Dogs during their Pop-Up lunch at 335 W. McDowell today (a location which is pretty cool and I can't wait to see what it becomes, by the way). I studied the menu and had major menu anxiety while trying to figure out what to order. I wanted my first Short Leash dog to be perfect! I noticed that the special was called the "Sunny." It has peaches, goat cheese and prosciutto. They told me that it's only on the menu for a limited time, so of course I had to order it, especially since it has everything I love in life on it! I anxiously awaited my order and envisioned the luscious flat-bread engulfed in the goat cheese and prosciutto on top of the hot dog. It finally appeared and it took just one bite for me to be in a scene of "All Dogs Go To Heaven." I got the chicken hot dog and it was seasoned perfectly. The flat-bread complimented the meat and toppings and the prosciutto, peaches and goat cheese were the perfect summery twist on this hot day. After my visit to Short Leash, I decided that I will tie my leash to their food cart and follow them religiously around town. Not only are the owners two of the nicest people around, but their hot dogs are an extremely tasty addition to the Valley. Now if only Old Town allowed more food carts to post up shop. You'd think with the amount of bar and foot traffic, they would want gourmet food carts like Short Leash!
5	Absolutely Amazing Hot Dog! As a matter of fact, calling it simply a hot dog is an understatement. I had the Beer Hot- Aiko Style and was really happy with my choice. I would've never thought to put that combination of ingredients together on a hot dog but it works! The warm Naan bread was so good, I'm suck a sucker for warm bread. I visited them at Food Truck Friday's in Phoenix and the whole time I was there they consistently had the longest line of all the other food trucks yet their service was relatively fast. I'd say to go out of your way to hunt them down at least once because they are worth it! As far as a food truck is concerned I don't think they could've done any better! They have great food, an eclectic drink selection and friendly service.
5	I generally try to eat vegetarian but I make an exception for short leash. (They do have meatless dogs, but truthfully I've never even tried one). I try and tell people how great they are, but until you eat one, it's difficult to explain the magnitude of greatness. I like these better than Pink's, even better than Ted's (gasp). My old standyby is the Aiko with chipotle cream cheese. They give you a dum-dum lollipop with each dog, which I save in a bag to hand out at halloween. It's very likely that I won't have to buy any other halloween candy with how much I love this place.
4	It's over a week now since Yelp office hours met up with Short Leash Dogs at their Pop-Up location on W McDowell.  I can still taste the hot dog I had.  Beef hot dog w/ grilled onions, cheddar cheese and spicy mustard.  I have to say it was better than your average dog.  If you get a chance to catch up with these folks I suggest you do.  They not only make good dogs they are nice people to deal with.  They were even out of the trailer checking on customers as we were eating.
5	So good it makes you want to raise a dog of your own just to have the off chance of having it named after a new featured dog of the week recipe. I had one of their dogs for lunch the drove across to valley to have another for dinner. Calling these culinary concoctions gourmet doesn't begin to describe the goodness found in every single bite.
5	Great food! There are a ton of choices. I like to make my own, usually a brat with local hot sauce, blue cheese and sauteed onions. And always have to get a corn pup!They also have gluten free options.
4	I was pleasantly surprised to see veggie dogs on the menu. Yaay!!!! The dog was thin but the flatbread and toppings were amazing! I love the variety had the Aiko, the Lady and built my own with beans.I'll be going back for sure.
5	Beautiful day at the market. There's a little line at Short Leash but worth the wait. Ordered the Lady and my sister had the Aiko dog. Both were delicious. Please support our locals and check 'em out.
5	Short Leash is the best thing to happen to food trucks and hot dogs since the wheel and the bun. First, the owners are some of the nicest people I have ever met. They're very helpful and sweet and it makes the dining experience all the more satisfying. Second, they have a HUGE selection of items you can throw on top of your dog. They even have I guess what you would call "signature" dogs, all topped with their own concoctions and named after their own dogs.(And may I just say as a dog owner and hot dog enthusiast, I just think that is super duper adorable)Third, they have gluten free options! As someone who has recently developed an intolerance to gluten, I was more than bummed that I had to stop going to some of my favorite places because I could no longer have wheat. I was SO excited to find out I could still eat here. Just let them know if you need their gluten free options and they will help you out.Last, they're pretty easy to find on any given day of the week. Some of the other food trucks only pop up from time to time and don't really use any of the social networking sites to their advantage. Short leash updates their facebook and twitter all the time so you know where they're at. Also, if you're their friend on facebook you can submit a photo of your dog and a recipe and make your pet the "featured dog of the week". I think it's, again, really cute and a good way to keep your customers excited for and talking about your business.
4	Heads up: If you're a vegetarian, don't expect some epic veggie dog. They focus more on the quality of the real meats. It's not bad, it's just kind of measly and you could probably microwave it at home from a package.That being said, don't be discouraged, dear herbivores. There's so much delicious shiznit that goes on top, you won't even be thinking about the dog itself. From fried pickles, to sauteed onions, to mango chutney, to bleu cheese, it's basically a topping smorgasbord. How does all of that fit in a hot dog bun? It doesn't. It's wrapped in an awesome, big-ass piece of naan, and it's going to cost you a whole 5 bucks. Even if you're not a hot dog fiend, Short Leash is a good time, so go for the novelty of it (because next time I personally deep-fry pickles for a hot dog will be approximately never.)
5	Moki (with a beer hot), no mayo, add Sriracha and bacon.  Life changing.
4	The spicy dog was to die for! REALLY yummy and hot without overwhelming the other flavors on my doggy (^_^)
5	AMAZING food and WONDERFUL service. Literally have loved everything I've ordered (which is a lot). So many options and combos with a "featured" dog every week, which really keeps me coming back. I love supporting local, and I REALLY love supporting local when the food is great and owners actually care about your experience. Can't rave enough about Short Leash. A true gem of Phoenix.
5	The line was ridiculous.  The price is kind of steep for what it is.  The dog is kind of messy because of the way it's made.  But you know what?  I enjoyed it in a way I haven't enjoyed a hot dog in years!  Wow, that sounds kind of dirty.  This really is a unique take on one of the most common American foods.I passed through the sea of trucks and people that is Food Truck Fridays on a mission to finally try the much yelped about Short Leash Dogs.  I can't say much too much that hasn't already been said.  While the 20 minute wait wasn't too thrilling, it all paid off in the end.  I just went with a traditional wiener, with tomatoes, onion, relish and spicy mustard.  While I was intrigued to try some of Short Leash Dog's specialties, most of the dogs on today's menu contained an item or two that I don't really like, and I wanted to compare Short Leash Dogs to what I am accustomed to the first time around.  Good sausage, good toppings and the flat bread is fantastic. I would happily join Lindsey F. by tying my leash to the cart and following them around town.  And I didn't even know that I still enjoyed hot dogs that much without a beer and a game!
5	These hot dogs were amazing. They are not your run of the mill hot dog stand though.The toppings are not the norm, and there is no normal bread bun. However, you must give this place a shot. The food is delicious, and makes you want to go back for seconds.
5	So good! Love the veggie options. Great food truck!
4	It's all about the topping (and a huge choice there is), the bread, and the owners! Dogs could be big, but they tastes are big enough. Worst part is everyone discovering how great they are...long lines!
5	What a delicious surprise at the Mesa Arts Festival!  I have been dreaming of a place to get a veggie dog with interesting and mouth watering toppings for as long  as I can remember!  I was a little surprised when I was handed my dog wrapped in pita bread, but it was better than a bun. I will be tracking this one down again and again!
5	Umm...YUM! Short Leash is, so far, my favorite food truck and my favorite hot dog in Phoenix!My favorite is the lady, but I do often try their weekly specials. The owner is always super nice, the food is great and affordable. I suggest that you follow them on twitter and find them at a location near you!
5	Awesome food truck! A regular at the Phoenix Public Market on Saturday mornings but I run in to them around downtown frequently and the food is consistently excellent. Great and creative hot dogs. I love the Aiko but don't be afraid to create your own with their vast collection of toppings. I just wish they had a chili dog!
5	These are the nicest people you'll ever meet and they sell amazing hot dogs. I especially like the Igby: coleslaw, BBQ sauce and blue cheese. You can order off the list or choose your own combination of toppings, and you can even get a combo named after your dog. Veggie dogs are available for the non-carnivore crowd. A must-try if you're in Phoenix; find them Wednesday evenings and Friday lunchtimes outside the Phoenix Public Market downtown.
5	Short Leash Dogs is my favorite treat! You can always find them at the Farmers Market on Saturdays, at Food Truck Fridays and back at the Public Market on Wednesdays. My favorite dogs are of the beer battered variety, and my favorite dog is the Igby. You just can't be coleslaw, crumbled bleu cheese drizzled with a tangy bbq sauce served on a warm pice of naan. Oh wait, it can get better! Since naan is no longer in my diet, Brad has been so generous to create a custom gluten-free creation where they add extra meat, chop it up and create a short leash hot dog bowl! Absolutely delicious without the tummy-aggravating gluten - I'm a happy girl!!
5	Finally caught up with the Short Leash Dogs Truck. Thanks to Twitter I have been able to track down this hotdog heaven on wheels. We caught up with the truck at the Phoenix Market this Wednesday. This is a usual stop for Short Leash and they are joined by other food trucks. Very cool scene for a Weds. night.We pretty much ordered the left side of the menu. We ordered the "Lady" and "Moki" both hot dogs are nestled into pita like buns (delicious). Absolutely the best hotdog I have had west of Wrigley Field. Sorry, Chicago dog will always be my fav. We also ordered a couple of the corndogs. Love their batter. Has kind of a cornbread consistency to it. I would recommend getting one or two of these.We also ordered the fried pickles. I have always heard about fried pickles, but I have not found a place to try them. So glad Short Leash was my first. Would much rather have fried pickles than fries. The meal was awesome. The price was awesome. The Owners are awesome. We will be supporting this food truck regularly and will make sure we spread the word with our friends.
5	I ate there while at the Farmers market downtown, I had the corn dogs, but they were called something cute... SO GOOD! the Jalapeno and cheese dog was amazing! If you get the chance and you love hotdogs I highly recommend!
5	I stopped eating hot dogs years ago...too scary, too salty, too mysterious.  But all that changed with my first exposure to Short Leash Hot Dogs.  I am not an overboard foodie who likes bleu cheese on a hot dog.  I am a purist.  Call me old-fashioned, call me a traditionalist, but I like my hot dogs BASIC.  Mustard only.  I love that they don't give me a sad look when I order, they just deliver a great dog that fills the length of the superb nan bread.  Perfectly prepared, no mustard drips on my lap!  Childhood is a state of mind and when I take a Short Leash bite, I'm zapped back to ball games with my dad, summer days at the pool, memories of the real thing!  As good as it gets!  Phoenix is so lucky to have them!
5	I've been visiting Short Leash Dogs food trucks since...well...forever.  I just realized I never wrote a review.  LOVE LOVE LOVE their dogs.  Who could ever imagine that mango, cilantro, mayonnaise, jalapenos and a hot dog, served on nan bread, would ever go together?  I'm so thankful that Brad and Kat did, because that concoction is one little slice of heavenly dog.    I actually hired Short Leash to cater a party I had at my house for 70 people and it was the talk of all my friends for months after.   I'm pretty certain that Short Leash saw an increase in visitor's the month after my party from all the guest that were introduced to their marvelous food :)  And, I'll tell you what, the price point was so reasonable (never mind the benefit I gained of not having to cook and clean up).Brad and Kat are great people who care about the community and support the local-organic trend that is sweeping the nation.   Go catch them for dinner on Wednesday evenings (along with other food trucks) down at the Phoenix Public Market, or at Food Truck Friday's same locale.  You won't regret it!
5	How have I never reviewed Short Leash? I am so impressed with this food truck. Brad and Kat are always friendly and gracious, even when lines are 40 people long and they're running low on supplies. I've never had anything here that I didn't like. I usually get a chicken dog and it doesn't disappoint! Get anything here. Seriously. You won't regret it!
5	"But I don't even LIKE hotdogs!" I proclaimed as I devoured half of my BFs beer hot Oliver style.  That is what I thought until I had my first taste of Short Leash Dogs at the Downtown Phx market a few Sundays ago.  I was shocked at how much I loved it!  The bread!  It's so soft and compliments the dog and toppings perfectly.  The dog, the endless variety of toppings!  So awesome, I can't imagine better street food, and I can't wait to try the one with cream cheese and fried pickles.  In fact, I am planing my next visit as I type this, reminded of how instead of stealing my bfs - I have to have one of my very own ASAP.
5	Absolutley delicious.  Although the line was long it went pretty fast.  Hot Dog in a flatbread?  Yes!  Especially with a spicy beer dog and crisp bacon!  Best dog I can remember... And it was out of a truck.
5	Since my previous review I have been to Short Leash several times and each time it is just wonderful! I recommend trying their specials from week to week...they are often way better than their standard menu items. The food here is great, but the more impressive thing is the service! The owners of the truck are friendly and genuine people. Who wouldn't like this place??!!?! well...obviously no one, look at the reviews.
4	Short Leash Dogs is obviously a front runner in the relatively small but beautifully thriving food truck scene in Phoenix.  Their truck had one of the longest lines today (Food Truck Friday @ Phx Public Market), and since I wasn't feeling adventurous enough to try Cajun, I went for the dogs.The Igby dog I gleefully munched was spot on - the acidity and fresh crunch of the coleslaw balanced well with the richness of the blue cheese and the sweet tang of the BBQ sauce.   It was just messy enough to be satisfying without making you look like a sloppy fool while milling around the lot.  And chasing it with local prickly pear soda = heaven.  It was a satisfying meal and not too expensive for the quality delivered.Their menu is well-rounded, always important for a food truck since the menu needs to be small.  With five combinations of toppings, all with wildly differing flavor profiles, six choices of dog, plus the build-your-own option, there is something for everyone.  Their meat dogs are from Schreiner's, so you're golden with any choice you make there, and there is a veg option, as well, which I will never, ever be commenting on.  They also have a special of the day dog, which you'll have to arrive early for, since the devotees generally gobble them up.  And more power to them - the special I saw on the board looked amazing, and I was sorry I had missed it, having arrived an hour and a half into service.The only reason I am daring to knock a star off this rating is that there is one tiny thing that needles me: the bread they use.  Don't get me wrong, the flatbread is delicious, inventive, and conducive to a not-too-messy eating experience.  It's a crucial part of their style of hot dog, and Short Leash's followers are nuts about it.  But...for me, I felt that they have a slight packaged quality to them that reminds me of Trader Joe's, which is not a horrible by any means, but it leaves me craving something more....  I can't help but wish they would add just one more option of bread/bun - in my opinion, a pretzel bun would make a killer addition.Short Leash Dogs is a gem in the food truck scene and is absolutely not to be missed by local foodies.  I'm looking forward to trying all of their combinations in the years to come.
5	AMAZING HOT DOGS!Couldn't believe how great the veggie dogs were! (That's right, were, those are past tense, so yummy!)One of the best food trucks out there. Not to be missed, and affordable too!
5	I had the opportunity to taste these great dogs at the a street fair a couple of weeks ago. It was definately tasty! I opted to go with the Moki and a regular dog for the first time. It had a nice crisp skin and it truly was a great tasting dog. They have a ton of toppings to choose from, and I liked the combination of the Moki. I also liked the fact they have several options to choose from for their dogs. And they had a great selection of 'old school' soda. A+ for service! While there was a huge line and they were definately working very hard and on a sunny spring day - the service was extremely friendly. I was not a fan of the pita bread, it was very good bread, I just would prefer my dog on a roll. I also thought the price was reasonable - $5 for the dog. (I didn't get a drink, I didn't see the selection of soda until after I had paid and I didn't want to hold the other people up, there was a huge line that day). A+ for presention. It's not just a dog slapped in a pita - it's neatly placed and rolled in the pita with a toothpick and pickel (check out my pictures).I am looking forward to trying their other selection of dogs!  Good Stuff!
5	I don't always get excited about hot dogs, but this is NOT your typical soggy-bun plus shriveled-dog kind of hot dog stand. They have a variety of meats to choose from, from veggie to brat to spicy beer dog, and a huge list of unique toppings like mango chutney and chipotle cream cheese. My absolute favorite part is the warm fluffy pita bread that your dog comes on instead of a plan old bun.If you're a Short Leash newbie, try one of their combos like the Aiko, which Brad recommended I try with the spicy dog for a perfect sweet-and-spicy combination. Or go for their featured Dog of the Day, which today was a Greek-style dog with feta and homemade tzatziki sauce. Yum!
5	The best Hot Dogs around bar none! So many different hot dogs to choose from and the toppings are pretty much unlimited. So far the Igby has been my favorite, but next time I so have to add fried pickles to it! Try them out, you will not be disappointed!
5	Short Leash Dogs is amazing, for sure.The owners could not be sweeter and more friendly, and that is the secret to their success. In addition to buying an amazing product at good value, you get to meet and become part of the extended family with Short Leash. Even on the busiest of days, the SLD crew has time to say hi, chat, and make you feel like you're a good friend visiting their home. On a recent order I messed up what I typically get, and Brad stopped me and asked, "Hey- you usually get a beer hot, do you want something different?" Nope- I just spaced it, and he caught it.The food is as amazing as the service, and I highly recommend getting a corn pup (with mustard, NEVER ketchup) and an Aiko dog with beer hot, or as I am trying to get it renamed, the Baiko!Do yourself a favor, and DO NOT miss this amazing little food truck. Every visit I make you will see that Short Leash Dogs is the busiest and most popular, and that is for a good reason. Don't stress if there is a line, the SLD crew does not screw around- and the food is more than worth it.Keep up the amazing work guys, I hope someday you guys have a brick and mortar location- because I will be the first one in line.
5	Since I discovered shortleash's gormet spin on the dreary old dog, I have dreams of coming back time and time again. Pick from one of the solid regular menu options, try and experiment by making your own custom dog, or mix it up by adding toppings to one of their menu choices. Choose your dog, such as bratwurst, spicey beer hot (my personal fav), a regular dog, veggie dog, etc. Choose from toppings like Fried pickles, cole slaw, pinto beans, cheddar cheese, chipotle cream cheese, fried onions, sauerkraut, mango chutney, sliced jalenpenos, and so much more, all of which seem to be fresh and extremely tasty. Wrap it all up in an indian naan flat bread. This is the stuff of legends.I think I read somewhere that this weeks feature of the week comes with bacon - I think I know what I'll be eating for lunch today. I almost always make my dog custom. Sometimes I will change pace with the featured dog of the week, which are usually a little different and exciting. Check them on facebook or their website for their weekly schedule, they usually hang around down town for lunches through the week and dinner on select days.... I think "food truck friday" at the phoenix public market should be re-named to "shortleashdogs and the food trucks" - expect a 20 minute wait in line to make your order if you show up around 12pm on friday for lunch. I promise it's worth the wait!Quoted in the weekly Yelp newsletter 7-4-2012: http://www.yelp.com/weekly?editorial_id=L5AQHJ8yFfPtBRNI_xIRyA
5	The Phoenix food truck scene is finally taking off. We have almost every kind of gourmet food truck that other cities are proud to showcase. The first thing you will notice when approaching Short leash is their huge line, while virtually every other food truck doesn't have a line. Don't be tempted to leave. The lines are long- but completely worth it. Just a mustard dog kind of person? Don't be boring! Shortleash aren't just any hot dog...don't be afraid! My first glance at the menu, I was intrigued. Mango Chutney? Mayonnaise? hmmm...After my first Short Leash- I was sold! I love trying their special of the day in order to try the latest and greatest concoction. I just had one that I still talk about that included a pretzal bun and apple cole slaw. Yum! Try it once, and you'll be hooked!
5	Good food and great selection! Nice owners!
5	There is a reason why Short Leash Dogs is the Number ONE Phoenix metro-area food truck and there is a reason why you will often find them to be the only truck with a line at all.  They are CRAZY GOOD!!!  Gourmet local dogs on warm naan flatbread with unique toppings - who would have thought?  I am not typically an adventerous eater, but this is a MUST TRY for everyone!  My husband and I are crazy for Short Leash Dogs and we are satisfying our cravings now an average of three times a week!  Really!  I am smitten about an "adjusted Lady style dog" - I order a spicy beer hot Lady with pinto beans and green chillis.  Yum!  The spice of the chipotle cream cheese and the crunch of the fried pickles are perfect with the snap of the spicy beer hot.  Unbelievably good I tell ya!  My husband has tried all of the suggested combinations and frequently orders the Featured Dog of the Week.  He has loved them all.  We have only gone wrong when we tried to make up our own - they weren't bad at all, just not as good at Kat and Brad's creations. They have deep fried pickles.. the good kind!  They start with local fresh pickles, batter and fry them to order.  We always share a side!  If you have never tried fried pickles, this is where you need to try them.  If you have had them other places, this is where you need to go to get them!   We only tried our own creations at our first visit and have since left the culinary creativity to these professionals!  We follow their schedule on Facebook and are excited to see that they are adding more regular locations in addition to their Phoenix Public Market days/nights... You can find them at Urban Cookies at lunch time on Tuesdays now, Urban Beans for dinner on the 3rd Thursday of the month and now EVERY FRIDAY NIGHT at their own spot behind Frances & Smeeks (Central/Camelback) called SIT...STAY.   They have a little dining area set up and a fixed sample menu.  (We have been there every Friday since they started.)  Great way to try different options in an inviting environment that makes you want to visit, sit and stay!  We luva-luva Short Leash and enjoy bringing friends and out of town guests to experience the Phoenix vibe that they have helped to create.  Again, I am not an adventerous eater.  I expected a weenie, standard bun, mustard and kraut from a hot dog truck.  I am sooo glad that I didn't find that here and I gave it a try!!   I will never have a regular dog again and I won't miss it either!
5	This place was a fun and refreshing alternative to the conventional restaurant for date night. The menu offers creative combinations of toppings and then you pick the style of sausage you want and it's all served on warm naan. At first, I was given the wrong order, but the staff was friendly, quick to apologize and fixed their mistake. The food truck scene allows us to bring the dog and for $20, we had a delicious meal and a change of scenery. Awesome.
5	I love this food truck! The owners are super friendly and the hot dogs are always awesome.
5	I love me some Short Leash!On Tuesdays I often grab my lunch from here when they're parked in front of Urban Cookies, and today I was able to snag lunch from Short Leash at the Phx Public Market. It was no surprise that out of the 3 or 4 other food trucks parked in the lot, theirs was the only one with a steady line. I love that their ingredients are locally sourced, which means that when I support this local business, I'm essentially supporting all the other local purveyors of tasty foods as well! My favorite menu item is the Lady (chipotle cream cheese, fried pickles and sauteed onions), with a chicken dog and easy on the cream cheese. Another delicious option is the Igby (cole slaw, bbq sauce and blue cheese) with swiss. instead of blue cheese. Since their dogs are served on naan-type flatbread, you're saved from the awful and inevitable split along the bottom that traditional hot dog buns so tragically suffer from. Pure genius! I have yet to branch out from the chicken dog as I'm not a big consumer of pork and beef products, so I can't vouch for any of the other dog options. I did, however, try a bite of a jalapeno-cheese Corn Pup and it sure was awesome! The owners couldn't be nicer, also! Just an all-around lovely food truck that Phoenix is lucky to have.
5	These dogs are really as good as it gets!!!! Love me some Short Leash Dogs!!!
5	Hello. I think I love you! I FINALLY got to try out short leash dogs at the Yelp pleY event! The corn dogs were probably my favorite! Though the other little bites were just as fantastic! I cant wait to actually eat a meal from this place! Keep it up! You guys rule!
5	I've unearthed hot dog Nirvana!I've been Yelping on and off for about nine months and during that time never --- I say NEVER ---  have given five stars to any restaurant.  Much to my surprise and delight, I've found the perfect quick serve meal in the most unlikely of places: a food truck!The local food trucks and specifically, Short Leash, have had their fair share of "ink" recently and I'm so glad my curiosity got the best of me.  The long line in the hot Phoenix weather during last week's Food Truck Friday was long forgotten once I bit into a "Regular" (pictured) with "Lady" toppings.  The hot dog was cooked to perfection with it's slightly crispy casing and flavorful meatiness.  I had no idea it would be served on naan, but loved the soft, light freshness of it all.  And the toppings?  The Lady includes Chipotle Cream Cheese, sauteed Onions and fried Pickles ... all of which created a wonderful combination of flavors, though did not overpower the flavor of the meat.I was so impressed with Short Leash that I made a point of visiting again THE VERY NEXT DAY!  This time it was The Chicken (pictured) with Aoki toppings (Mango Chutney, diced Jalapenos, Red Onions, fresh Cilantro and Mayo) which blew me away.  Whoever came up with these flavor combinations is a genius!And as for the staff, let me just say that they are genuinely THE nicest people around or deserve an Academy Award.  (And remember, they're working hard in the heat, ya know!)Thank you, Short Leash, for doing it right.  I'll undoubtedly be back for more hot dogs --- and smiles.  But don't worry, I won't complain about the long line.  ;)
5	It does not get better than this.I'm not one for hot dogs, so I always opt for the chicken dog. They have some crazy combinations that are absolutley fabulous. The pita bread they use for the bun puts it above the rest. It's different for sure, but so worth the money. It's filling for sure!They feature a dog of the week sent in by customers which is pretty cool.I never thought anything gourmet could be sold out of a truck, but Short Leash proved me wrong!
5	Love short leash. The best part is they have vegan options with great toppings to choose from. I've been to short leash many times in a variety of places and every time they are extremely nice and consistent with their food. Definitely the best food truck I've tried so far.
5	Amazing food, fantastic people. Brad and Kat have a true Arizona gem.Take quality product (their food) with clear and consistent branding, and run your business with love and genuine smiles--that's the ticket to a successful business.Not many do that well any more. Short Leash does and we love them for it.
5	My husband and I have been coming to this food truck for almost 2 years.It never lets us down & never disappoints!We follow them around to all of their different locations/events/parking lots so that we can get our Short Leash fix! You might call us food-stalkers.We have eaten there during Food Truck Fridays, Public Market Saturdays, in the Stinkweeds parking lot, and at the Willo Home Tour! We have introduced a lot of friends/family and they are all just as smitten as we are.It's basically the most gourmet hot dog you'll ever eat, but the owners are so nice & not at all arrogant about the amazingness of their food. They will even make a point to get to know you by name!I always get the Igby, which is a lovely combination of BBQ sauce, fresh coleslaw with purple cabbage/carrots and blue cheese, all tucked into a warm, toasty piece of naan indian flatbread. I usually pair it with an old-fashioned coca cola in a glass bottle. (Their selection of retro drinks is another great thing about them).My husband is more adventurous than I am, he has tried them all, but his favorite is the Bear, a new addition to their menu that involves both peanut butter and bacon. What more could a man want?They are the best food truck in Phoenix, and possibly America! Get yourself to Short Leash today!
5	Love these guys!!!!  Igby please and thank you.  I am a happy girl!!
5	Best. Hotdog. Ever.
5	Please go out of your way to find out where they are located!  You won't regret it.  I have eaten here many times (20+) at Food Truck Friday.  They were part of the food service at World of Beer in Tempe last Saturday.  They had many regulars follow them to WOB and we chatted with many people in the bar who also keep Short Leash on a Short Leash and follow them around town.
5	Yum Yum Yum!!!!!!Try it and you'll have the same review :)
5	O my goodness!! I just tried The Bear today (a.k.a. the 7th Inning Stretch) and it was crazy delicious! Where else in the Valley can you get a spicy naan wrap dog smothered with Cracker Jacks, peanut butter, crumbled bacon, smoked gouda cheese and BBQ sauce? I admit that it sounds like a wreck, but I have never had such a tasty dog in my life. Live on the wild side and give it a try, you may never think of hot dog toppings the same way again!
5	I came here for food truck friday a few weeks ago. It was delicious! I got to choose all of my toppings for cheap- no $1 extra here or there. I love that their dogs are in the flat bread they use, it's yummy and more efficient than a bun. I'm willing to go out into the phoenix heat for these hot dogs!
5	Someone once told me that if you're going to preface a sentence with "It goes without saying.." then you should probably say it. So despite the plethora of superstar reviews, I am going to chip in and echo the feedback this magnificent food truck deserves. Meatless dogs should taste like, well... meaty dogs. Let's face it, real hot dogs have a je ne sais quoi about them because you pretty much don't know what is in them. While I can't speak to the quality of the real meat hot dogs which are probably higher quality that Oscar Meyer and likely consist of real meat, I can tell you that buying veggie dogs from the store will never suffice again. No it's not that the roll of mystery non-meat is a superb mockup of actual meat, it's the furnishings. Who the heck thought of delicately and lovingly wrapping this cylindrical American staple in a fabulously plush piece of exotic non-American naan? These guys. As for the toppings, I am so indecisive about choosing among the incredibly delicious options that I typically just tell them to surprise me so long as it's not bacon. Blue cheese? Well usually I'm vegan, but for this...yes. Cabbage? Um yes. And whatever that is on that guy's hot dog before me, I want that too. I have never finished consuming one of these hot dogs wanting anything more from life at that moment. So while "it goes without saying," it's worth being said over and over. This is yum.
5	Short Leash is quickly becoming one of my favorite lunch spots. The people are kind, the food is wonderful, and the wait is never too long. Their veggie dog is the best I've had in the city (especially when smothered with barbecue sauce and blue cheese). I also appreciate their eclectic beverage assortment. It's such a fresh experience for the cost of a Burger Kind value meal.
3	Pros: lots of topping choices and you can add as many toppings as you want; fair price for a hot dog; if you are into low carbs or can't eat bread there is a "naked dog" option where you pay the same price as a regular hotdog but you get two meats and no bunCons: the buns are not traditional hot dog buns, but more of a pita-like bun which I didn't like that much; the fried pickles were cut a little too thick and therefore not that crispywould I eat here again? sure, but not before trying all the other food trucks at the public market on Fridays
5	The Ultimate Phoenix Downtown Destination!On a day where it's 106 degrees in the shade, 30+ people standing in line can't be wrong. If there's this many people willing to risk 2nd degree burns from the scortching sun waiting in line for their turn to order up a hotdog, there really must be something to it. No where else in Phoenix will you find people this dedicated. I just couldn't help myself; I was drawn to get in line with everyone else.Brimming with excitement from all the possibilities, the wait in line seems miniscule compared to the payout I am about to receive from such an amazing dog! Will I get a Mokie and add fried pickles? Will I order a Lady and top it off with green chilies and pinto beans? How about the Oliver and throw in some of that tasty coleslaw? Wait, no, I'll have the Bear, naked style. Maybe instead of the Bear, I'll get a corn dog, with some of that awesome chipotle cream cheese. The possibilities are endless - I guess I'll just have to keep coming back until I've had them all!Oh no!! after getting closer to the front of the line, I found out they've even got a featured dog of the week with customized specialty toppings and this week it's Beef and Bean Chili topped with Fritos and Cheddar! What will I choose?!?!?A quick visit to Food Truck Fridays in downtown Phoenix (McKinley and Central) between 11am and 1:30pm will prove there's Short Leash, and then there's everyone else. Don't make the mistake and get stuck ordering from "everywhere else."Happy Yelping Phoenix and go grab one of these awesome dogs!
5	I am not someone who likes hotdogs.. In fact, most times I turn my nose up at them... However, a few months back my friend invited me to a food truck event in Scottsdale and raved about the hotdogs.. I was up for an adventure and went for it.. and I was not disappointed. In fact, I've tried to recreate at home and I try to make it to the Short Leash Hotdog truck as often as possible. The Lady Dog is where it is at with it's rich chipotle cream cheese and tangy friend pickles. I would recommend Short Leash Dogs to anyone. I am now a fan of hotdogs.
4	I finally tried and am so glad I did! Definitely not your typical dog. Warm and easy to bite into, and wrapped in delicious bread... what was that, pita? Definitely try... you'll be glad you did.
5	A while ago the words "hot dog" and "food truck" would have made me cringe. Combine those words and I'd turn green. Short Leash Dogs has changed my mind and has me wagging my tail.Short Leash is a food truck that offers gourmet hot dogs, sausages, and brats all from a local vendor - Schreiner's Sausages. They can be found where most food trucks convene around town, but I enjoy them every third Thursday of every month at Whole Foods Raintree. They have 5 regular "combos", a weekly special, and build your own. The build your own is rather daunting, as there are so many toppings. I love that they come on Naan bread instead of hot dog buns. (The Naan bread is super soft, so you know it's fresh.) They also have corn dogs for the kids or young at heart. (They are delish.) The line can be long, but the actual service is quick and friendly. Also, a long line indicates how good the food is! And let me tell you, it's good! I've had a brat, an Italian sausage, and the "adult" corn dog (jalapenos and cheddar). My friend had the veggie dog and said it was delicious. I would definitely recommend this place and look forward to trying everything on the menu!
4	Let me start by saying that I don't typically like hot dogs....honestly, I hardly EVER eat one. The only other place I will order a hot dog is at Pinks in LA or Vegas.We tried Short Leash for the first time Thursday night. For the month of October they are parked at Jam Market in Old Town every Thursday from 4PM-8PM. Since they mainly set up shop in Central Phoenix and we live in Arcadia, we decided this would be our best bet!Holy delicious. It was honestly one of the best things I've had in a long time. After drooling over the menu for a few minutes, I decided on the Aiko with a chicken dog. Brad was taking orders and when I told him I wanted to sub the mayo for spicy mustard, he was quick to offer up his suggestion of trying sriracha instead. I always appreciate when people give you their suggestions on what can make your meal that much better and the sriracha did just that...it was AMAZING. Now I like my food super spicy so I also added pepperoncinis and even got a little spicy mustard on the side.Next up....fried pickles! These were awesome too! Thick cut and breaded perfectly! Now I'm a huge fried pickle fan (I like the chips VS the spears) and with not many valley spots offering up these tasty treats, I was super stoked they had them. I actually ended up dipping these in the spicy mustard...and sriracha. I know, I have problems.Now my boyfriend on the other hand is a major hot dog fan, however, he typically doesn't stray too far from the standard hot dog with ketchup. Thursday night he decided to go with their featured special which was named after an adorable pup named Desi. This one came with a smoked Italian sausage, peppers, onions & garlic all slow cooked in a red wine tomato sauce and topped with shaved parmesan. He LOVED it. Cleaned his plate. I was somewhat skeptical of how he would like the naan that it comes on instead of a bun but it didn't phase him one bit!Overall, we were two happy campers! The only thing I would love to see are french fries or tater tots gracing their menu!
4	Great food! I NEVER eat a hot dog; however, I was pressured to try Short Leash and was not disappointed at all! I was not only able to to select special toppings, but could also select unique meat such as a duck dog, my combination was amazing, I will definitely try another.  Now we just need a cocktail menu!
5	Short Leash, hmmm, what can i say. If you love dogs, hot dogs and food in general, this place is the only way to go. Look them up on facebook, get heir calendar and follow them around. My wife and I love them, great food, awesome people, what else can you ask for. Price is awesome, but quality is waaaaay better. Get an awesome meal at SIT-STAY and end the week in good company. Enjoy and stay safe
4	Their sausages are made by a place called Schreiners Fine Sausages.  If you don't like the casing on your dog to snap when you bite into it, this is not the place for you.  The food is good, and they have interesting menu options.  Everything from saurkraut and swiss to peanut butter and bacon.  They also sell a hand battered corn dog, coleslaw, fried pickles, and kettle chips.A highlight are the fried pickles.  They are great by themselves or as a topping on your dog.  I was underwhelmed by the coleslaw--It was good, but not great.  If the coleslaw had more flavor, and the batter on the corn dog was a little sweeter, I would give this place a solid 5.  4 stars ain't bad though.  I will definately be back to try the "Bear."Bear (7th inning stretch)Peanut butter, cracker jacks, smoked gouda, bacon and BBQ sauce.It takes stones to have something like this on your menu, and perhaps equal stones to order it.  I love it when a solid business has a challenging menu item for the public to wax and wane over trying.
5	YUM! If you haven't tracked this Food Truck down, you haven't lived in Phoenix. These guys serve Hot Dogs Right!
5	Ive been hearing from numerous friends that Short Leash Dogs serve amazing food, but Ive always missed them....until last Wed.They were the only reason I went to the ASU food truck block party and I was not disappointed. Being a pretty adventurous foodie (and coming from a region where we eat peanut butter on hamburgers) I decided to dive right in and order a Bear: Peanut butter, Cracker Jacks, smoked gouda, bacon, and BBQ sauce on the dog of my choice (all beef) wrapped in a flatbread. Um, delicious. Tangy, and sweet and just throughly enjoyable. I never ever wouldve thought that that combination of ingredients would be as good as it was. Ill definitely be making more trips to SLD.
5	I'm not normally a fan of cart food, but these folks are great. Clean inside and out, they offer a consistently great meal with weekly specials and regulars. The staff is super friendly, knew me by name on my second visit, and even after I had been away for a few weeks.
5	The bear with a bratwurst, Peanut Butter, Cracker Jacks, smoked Gouda, Bacon and BBQ Sauce is AMAZING.
5	My favorite food truck I've tried in the city! The hot dogs are unique, the people working are nice, and you definitely get enough food for $6. Try the Igby!
5	Short Leash Dogs are the best Hot Dogs in Town. If you are in downtown Phoenix on a Friday afternoon, you should head over to Short Leash and try one of their awesome Hot Dogs.   My favorite hot dog is the Bear; it has peanut butter, cracker jacks, smoked Gouda, bacon and BBQ Sauce on the Hot Dog.  Or you can create your own masterpiece with your choice of these 20+ toppings!
5	I considered lying and stating in my review that the dogs were awful solely to reduce the number of people waiting in line for them, but I realized that would be extremely selfish. I am astounded that the hot dog I ate was as good as it was. Everyone should try one of these dogs.
5	This is one of my favorite "restaurants" in Phoenix.Their food is yummy. If you haven't been adventurous and tried the 7th Inning Stretch Dog- do it. Sounds weird, but it is so good.  I have loved every dog that I have tried.
4	Ryan J brought me out here and, yes, I brought my A game--went ahead and ordered the Bear: peanut butter, cracker jacks, bacon, gouda and BBQ sauce. It was state-fair-what-did-I-Just-Do? awesome. So good. The carneys selling overpriced knitting nearby were odd--but we liked the lamps the guys recreating Mad Men were pimping out there.I don't know anything about these Short Leash Dogs people--but they clearly have something dialed in. The Bear dog was part of some contest put on by the Arizona Diamondbacks. They won, so now it's become a big deal for them.Ryan J got a different dog. And as he reviewed nearly two years ago: you gotta "unleash your hot dog inhibitions" to get into this place.Who has hot dog inhibitions? Dumb people, that's who.
4	his was my first time eating here.  I had the Igby  on a spicy dog.  Very tasty.  Great coleslaw and blue cheese.  Quick, and a friendly staff.  I will definitely eat here again!
4	Although not prepared like your common hot-dog, Short Leash Dogs have a unique fresh taste that really makes them stand out.
5	Still phenomenal, and if you get to the truck at around 11:40am on Fridays the line is not too bad. The Igby is by far the best dog they have available.
5	Moving next to things much more familiar to four wheeled dining, the classic hot dog cart took on a whole new look thanks to Brad and Kat at Short Leash Hot Dogs.  Generally not a fan of the American standard beef on a bun with condiments but far more interested in artisanal sausages and the like it was the all-natural Bratwurst from Schreiner's Fine Sausages that first turned my head, but it was the condiments that sold me hook, line and sinker.With each variation of dog named after a pooch of their own, or one of a friend, as I was told by one of the workers while I waited the cart serves up approximately half a dozen signatures plus daily specials, and a build your own option all atop pillowy flatbread (think pita, but with a more open and airy crumb) and although many sounded good none sounded on par with the "Bear" - a dish called 'stupid good' by a trusted palate and on first seeing, then tasting the concoction a very fair assessment.Described on the menu as "Peanut Butter, Cracker Jacks, smoked Gouda, Bacon and BBQ Sauce" and in my case tinged with a bit of spice from the all-pork Brat this $6 concoction literally hits every part of the palate like a sweet, salty, crunchy, fatty, creamy, and spicy sledgehammer.  Whimsical and fun but decidedly not an everyday indulgence it's the sort of dish that could assuredly fail under many circumstances and fall under the absurdities or Man vs. Food category, but instead it just works beautifully - a dish that would not be out of place at any number of haute hotdog purveyors in other major cities and more than enough reason to give Short Leash another taste at a later date.
4	I really should have gone here before since I am located so close. What a great reat. The name is a bit misleading, but do not let it fool you. The food here is excellant.
5	WARNING!  Might be offensive to those with no sense of humor!  If I could give 10 dogs...I mean stars I would!I had heard a lot of good things about this place and figured I'd give it a try...despite the LONGEST line ever.  As we approached the menu I felt this wave of anxiety wash over me.  I mean how many different toppings can you put on a hot dog.  Wait? Did I read that correctly? Cracker Jacks? Peanut Butter? BACON? GOUDA...on the same hot dog?  Um...yummy???  Ok. so I wasn't as adventurous as my best friend...I opted for the spicy beer dog with sauerkraut, spicy mustard, cilantro, jalapenos, tomatoes, and smoked gouda.  Wrapped in not a typical hot dog bun, but in this soft pita type bread.  I was in love.  My best friend went for it though...she ordered THE BEAR!  Beef dog, peanut butter, bbq sauce, smoked gouda, cracker jacks....I took a bite and instantly had weiner envy!  (hehehe)The peanut butter gave it this asian/thai/korean type of flavor.  It was delicious! Next time I'm going back to have the mango chutney/cilantro dog.  Ok...I know I keep rambling and this review is poorly written, but as I write I keep remembering all of the goodness that goes on in this little food truck.  As for the weiners...(the following has a rating of PG-13 due to some innuendos and connotations that could be inferred) they have that casing that as soon as you put the weiner in your mouth...well, it kinda snaps/pops!  Then all the flavorful goodness just begins to take over your tastebuds and well, I can't speak for everyone here, but I got this warm and fuzzy feeling searing through my body!  I had to take a moment to savor this feeling as I wasn't sure when I would experience it again!  Woooo-sahhhhhh.  This was like being on a date with Shemar Moore...I just wanted to take that dog in my hand and say "Hey baby girl...how youuuu doin?"  Ok so I mixed a little Joey Tribiani in there as well!Anyway...the dude at the window was super friendly and very patient with my inability to just make a damn decision!  The line moved fairly quickly and the wait for the food wasn't long at all!  Oh did I mention that their corn dogs look like a giant fried piece of heaven?  There's always next time....
5	Great dogs, great service, great people watching.  What more could you ask for?
4	Finally had a chance to order off of their full menu. They were at the Miller Market one Thursday and my bf and I stopped by for dinner. I had the Moki with no tomatoes and my bf had the Oliver (I think) and we shared some fried pickles. We both really liked what we had and I look forward to seeing them more around my side of town!
5	Back from Phoenix, and still can't stop thinking of "The Bear"! Once you get past the novelty of the peanut butter and the crackerjack, the trio of the smoked gouda, bacon, and bbq sauce make an incredible topping! I had my dog sliced up and with no "bun", so each piece was just smothered in all that lovely mess, where the dog (nitrate free btw!) had enough delicious flavor to stand out as well!Just heaven!
5	Man what can i say about short leash dogs other than simply amazing . . . now that i think about it that pretty much sums up short leash. The first time i had their dogs was at my graduation party, my parents said that their hot dogs were absolutely amazing and they weren't wrong.
5	My biggest problem with Short Leash is that the Chicken Igby dog is so good that I haven't tried anything else. Sure, the other dogs look tempting, but a hot dog with BBQ sauce, blue cheese, and cole slaw is too good to pass up, and I crave it before I go. The chicken itself is high quality - slightly spicy, but not too much so. And the side of fried pickles ($3) is excellent and I have a hard time passing that up as well. Thankfully Short Leash goes to Urban Cookies every Tuesday for lunch, and that's just a couple miles from where I work. Of course, that means I may just have to stop in for a cookie as well...
5	I have been faithful to only Short Leash dogs for years and just realized that I had not written them a proper review.  First, Brad and Kat, the owners/operators/chefs/etc, are the most friendly folks you could hope to meet. Talk about service with a smile.And, as a vegetarian that loved hot dogs in my past life, it is wonderful to have so many tasty options in one spot to satisfy me and my meet loving husband. The Igby is my personal fave, or was, until I tried the Bear. Served on delicious pita-like flatbread, it is covered in peanut butter, gouda and cracker jacks.......OMG!!! Had one Saturday and going today for another. Yeah....that good! Also, try the fried pickles! The fried pickles are a delicious side to the interesting dog combos they offer. I can't say enough phenomenal things about their unique take on hot dogs or the flavorful concoctions they have come up with......My mouth is watering and yours should be too. So why are you still reading this? Find that food truck!
4	I was reading the reviews on yelp and excited to try it out.  Was super happy when I saw the food van at Phoenix Public Market on a Saturday.I got the vegetarian dog Igby style (BBQ sauce, slaw and blue cheese crumbles).  It is wrapped in the softest, warm, delicious flat bread.  Something in it was a bit to spicy for me - not sure if it was the BBQ sauce or the slaw that was spicy.I also tried the vegetarian corn dog.  Basically hot pepper jack cheese dipped in corn meal batter and deep fried.  I didn't care for it much at all.  Either did my daughter.  (And we really like a similar thing from Hot Dog on a Stick at the mall).I am super excited that they have veggie dogs and can't wait to try another combination.  YUM!
5	I have heard more about this from Jon H. than I can tell you. He did not understate how great these hot dogs are. I almost wouldn't categorize them as hot dogs because they are better than any others I have ever had. Short Leash Dogs is not to be missed.
4	After a year of wishful thinking, I finally got an opportunity to try this place out; I was not disappointed.  I drug my boyfriend out to the four peaks tasting room where I saw Short leash was set up a couple hours; heck what could be better than beer and hotdogs?!?!?  I ordered the moki and it was soooooo good.  I love that they don't use regular hotdog buns here, instead they opt for naan bread which has way better flavor.  I'm definitely looking forward to coming back some time for a second round:)
5	I swear I already wrote a review for Short Leash but I guess not. Everywhere I go where food trucks are present, Short Leash always seems to be there. They always have the longest line too. My coworkers and I try to make it out to the food trucks every 3rd Thursday in front of the Whole Foods off of Raintree Dr. They always get Short Leash and after seeing them order the corn dogs every time, I caved and had to see what all the hype was about. Let me tell you, their jalapeno and cheese corn dog is the best I've ever had. I was a little skeptical because I'm not a huge spicy food person but I was told that it was pretty mild (which it is). The batter definitely made it, it was nice and crunchy (not soggy like your usual corn dog). I may have to try one of their dogs next time but the corn dog was so good I don't know if I can stray away. If you do decide to make a custom dog, you can put on as many toppings as you want without an extra charge. I think that's pretty neat since places usually charge you for every little extra thing.
4	Finally saw their truck at The Willo Home Tour event. And I was hungry so I got two dogs: a regular wiener with coleslaw, Swiss and thousand island dressing. The other was called the "Bear" and seemed to be named a "7th inning stretch favorite" since it included peanut butter, Cracker Jacks and nuts. both very good but would've been better with melted cheese. The warm flatbread is a great touch and allows more toppings to surround the dog.Service was friendly and efficient. I'll be keeping them on a short leash in the future...and look forward to trying more of their concoctions!
5	Thank you for being amazing!  Short Leash Dogs is great people!  Very sweet with excellent customer service.  I explained to my husband that all I wanted was a good, a REALLY good veggie hot dog.  The next day we visited Short Leash and I couldn't be more pleased!  While they do employee the tofu Smart Dog (which I previously have found bland), their take on how to dress the dog drove me to buy my own pack that same day.  They have very eccentric toppings, the themes of which are inspired by the personalities of their favorite dogs.  My husband, who is not a vegetarian really enjoyed their hand-breaded corn dogs.  I believe there are 4 (?) non-veggie dog/brat choices.  We are considering having them cater our next big event!!  We also plan on visiting them much more often and with our pups in tow.
5	One word - CorndogAdded word - JalapenoHELLZ YES!  This is just one of the food trucks that J and I stalk..err...follow.  J's current favorite - the Moki.  His exact words yesterday, "I would fistfight a nun for a Moki Dog right now."  Thats some hot dog.
5	A small little trailer hauling a huge load of Flavor, Short Leash has become an instant favorite of mine, and on your fist bite, will be one of yours as well.  I love their food, and Short Leash shows in their handcrafted selections that they Love serving it even more.  They'd make a Jewish Person give up being Kosher.  A Muslim give up being Halal.  A Vegetarian take down a cow with their teeth and bare hands to help provide beef for the sausages!I first sampled their scrumptious Jalapeno Cheese Corn Dogs and their ever so savory Spicy Beer Beef sausage at a Yelp Play Date at the Phoenix Children's Museum.  Immediately I sprung into action, liking them on Facebook  and following on Twitter so that I could stalk this cart of deliciousness wherever they went like a psychotic ex-girlfriend.Fast Forward to last Friday Night at their weekly Sit and Stay behind Stinkweeds on Central and Camelback..  My Wife decided on the tried and true Jalapeno Cheese Corn Dogs and I tried the Moki Dog.  This decadent dog, is loaded with roasted green chilies, sauteed onions, fresh tomatoes, pinto beans, cheddar cheese and mayo, then served on a warm flatbread instead of a bun,  Also, upon my wrapped dog came a spicy pickle slice that smacked my taste buds around and made them it's bitch.  I was tempted to order a whole mess of them as a side.  Then I moved to the sausage in question.  Upon my first bite of the Moki... instant Foodgasm!  The Spicy Beer Beef was my sausage of choice and I can definitively say that any other way is just Blasphemy and you should be beaten with reeds should you deviate.  But that's just my opinion.  Since that last bite on Friday continuing through to these past few days, I've been wanting a Moki Dog so badly that I'd fistfight a Nun, a rabbi, a priest, an imam and my own grandmother if any of them got the last one!Thankfully, Short Leash keeps a detailed schedule of where they will be and makes sure to alert their Facebook and Twitter followers to any special events and menu items.  So, getting another dog shouldn't require an ecclesiastical or familial melee.   I could go broke following Short Leash, and be happy for it.  But, Short Leash is so amazingly priced for what you get, that it won't break the bank hounding them for their Treats Of Ultimate Tastiness.  If you haven't already tried them... drop what you are doing this moment, get that browser opened to http://shortleashhotdogs.com/, find where they are today and start a line NOW!If I could give them 10 stars, I'd still bitch that it wasn't enough.  Sit.  Stay.  Good Dogs!
5	This ain't your daddy's hot dog cart! No sirree Bob, if you're looking for Vienna franks boiled in dirty water, steamed buns, and French's mustard you may want to keep driving.However, if you're looking for a gourmet experience where loving care is paid to  every dog they cook, then this is your place. Hot dogs with gouda cheese, bacon, and even peanut butter as toppings. I had the bacon-wrapped bockwurst with german potato salad and it was delicious. Even the kids dogs with basic ketchup and mustard are wrapped in a pita rather than a bun and my boys really enjoyed them.Additionally, at least at the Central and Camelback location they have a firepit and sell Smores kits which made my boys very happy and will be enjoyed by adults as well.Finally, the service was great! Despite the crowds, service was friendly, attentive, and very prompt - which is something you don't always find at food trucks.Short Leash Dogs - we will be back!
4	Went to Four Peaks Tasting Room's grand opening and I knew I had to try this place.  They have a hot dog called "The Bear".  it has bacon, barbeque, gouda (sounding good right...just wait this is the weird part), peanut butter, and cracker jack.  Okay now I am intrigued and stay with me people!I nervously waited in the endless line which included some weirdos who were not in the line just standing by it to confuse everyone.  I was still questioning this crazy concoction, but as an adventurous eater I had to try it.  When we FINALLY got to the front I ordered.  They did not have gouda, but no matter I order swiss instead.  They were also out of most of the types of hot dogs, but luckily I just wanted a regular anyway.  Then you stand in a line to wait for your food.  This was lots of time to second guess my sanity on this one, but I am glad I did not.The hot dog was REAL GOOD!  i took it over to where the band was playing (Blueshounds were also a really good addition to my hot dog experience).  WOWZA!  This thing was good!  The dog was served up in naan bread instead of the usual bun.  The salty sweet and spicy combo was unlike anything I have ever tasted and good too!  The peanut butter gave it a kind of pad thai taste and the cracker jack crunch sealed the deal.  This was a winner.
5	If you don't know how to do it, I'll show you how to walk the dog! - Rufus Thomas said it waaaaay back when, but I'm saying it now.  I'll walk a dog and anything else a long way to have one of these creative tasty delicious hot dogs.It all dates back to my childhood when I thought a hot dog, boiled in a pot of water, on an unassuming bun with a squirt of mustard and a dash of ketchup was the best a dog could get.  Then I went to Chicago/New York during my undergrad years only to  discover that more than ketchup and mustard can go on a hot dog and make it taste REAL good.  So, as my hot dog paradigm is making another shift... I want to recognize and give the appropriate YELP-out to Short Leash Dogs!This place is quite simply Ah-mazing.  They put "stuff" together on a hot dog that I never would have imagined putting together across meals in the same day!  But these interesting toppings together  taste sooo good on a hot dog from SLD!  I've had exactly 3 hot dogs from this place and each time I'm amazed that, not only did I like the dog, I LOVED IT!  The most interesting thus far has to be the Bear hot dog.   I had it prepared Naked (that's no bun, 2x the hot dog) with the spicy hot dog.  The bear has Peanut Butter, Cracker Jacks, smoked Gouda, Bacon and BBQ Sauce on it.  Yes, you read it correctly!  Cracker Jacks and Peanut butter... If this is your first time around the block, I'm sure we had the same first thought - Are they serious?  Oh, but yes... serious as a dog about his bone!   The flavors in the bear meld together in your mouth and the taste bursts with the peanut butter and the cracker jack, just enough salty with the sweet; nutty with the mild flavor of the cheese.  I would recommend this dog to anyone!When you go, look for the special of the week.  I think upon my next visits, I will always have the special of the week OR I will try my own hand at creating my own dog.  Be sure to try the very delicious fried pickles.  To boot, the folks working in this food truck are top-notch folks.  I find that most if not all food truck owners/employees are extremely pleasant.Wag your tail on over to their website and check out the calendar and see where you can find their trailor.  I just heard that they have a new true bonafide truck.  Don't you want to break it in?
4	Went to a Sit Stay UYE Friday night with my daughter & a friend, I had been wanting to try Short Leash Dogs for awhile now, so this opportunity sounded like the perfect time for that!I found them in an alley way off Central & Camelback, and when I walked up it had a nice cozy feeling, couple of wooden tables, a fire pit and plenty of cool people.I knew that this would a hot dog eating experience that I haven't had before; I ordered the Pippin Style Brat, came with grilled pears, prosciutto, watercress, goat cheese & topped with some honey & pepper severed on naan bread.  Ok sounds interesting right? Let me tell you, it was amazing, who would have thought, everything blended so well together, what a great treat!My friend and I had been lil standoffish about the Bear; I just couldn't get my head wrapped around it. Friend asked if I would be up to splitting one, that we came this far and to not try it would just be an epic failure on our behalf, so I said yes!The Bear, it's interesting, has peanut butter, cracker jacks, smoked gouda, bacon & bbq sauce on a brat wrapped in naan bread. The peanut butter sort of melts and mixes with the bbq sauce and it kind of reminded me of Thai Peanut sauce, which I just love!   Over all the hot dog was good, just was unsure of what to make of the cracker jacks, would I order another one, Heck yea I would! Glad to have finally had the chance to try Short Leash, look forward to my next run in with them!
4	Yay! I'm a fan. I met up with some fellow Yelpers at the Sit, Stay on Friday and had a delicious meal. The feature of the night was The Pipin and it was fantastic. A variety of flavors perfectly balanced. I love prosciutto and goat cheese and with the sweetness from the pears and the honey it was perfect! I had it with a chicken dog and together with the fluffy naan bread bun it was a combination anyone would love. I also tried The Bear which sounded a little strange but after my first bite I was glad I had ordered it. Bacon, Gouda and BBQ sauce don't seem like they would go with peanut butter but when you got a bite that had all three in it they sort of mixed in your mouth to give a Thai peanut sauce type flavor that was delicious with the beef dog that I had picked. Another winner!The hubby is not quite as adventurous as me but he skeptically ordered a bacon wrapped Bratwurst with German potato salad & red pepper gravy as well as a couple of kids dogs (with ketchup and mustard) as backup. Well, he must have liked it since I didn't even get one bite. He was worried that the potato salad or gravy would be too "weird" but in the end the only thing he had to complain about was that he would have preferred a regular hotdog bun instead of the "bread taco".
5	I had previously heard many good things about Short Leash Dogs from friends. My first time at Short Leash Dogs was at their recent sit and stay for a UYE. The food truck was nestled in a alley off Central and Camelback. Seating was outdoors with some wooden tables and a fire pit in the center, great for the s'more packs and the kids really love melting the marshmallows. Short Leash Dogs offer a new twist on the everyday hotdog. For the sit and stay they have a different menu.  I was there with a group of friends and although I really wanted to try the Bear I decided to try the bacon wrapped bockwurst. Lucky for me my friends tried both the bear and the pippin style dog.  We all shared so I got to try half the menu. The bockwurst was a very typical German style brat with German potato salad and gravy.  It wasn't very flavorful but it was delicious.  The pippin style dog was great and flavorful even without the naan. Adding some seratcho gave it a great kick that totally brought all the flavors together. The bear ended up being my favorite. It's unique blend of peanut butter, bacon, BBQ, cracker jacks and Gouda. This odd sounding combination when at first glance sound like it wouldn't work but the BBQ and peanut butter mesh together with a flavor explosion.  Most of the dogs can be made with a variety of hot dog choices like regular dog, beer dog, and more.  My first experience was awesome and I recommend trying one of the crazy sounding concoctions made at Short Leash Dogs.
5	Creativity in your mouth!When you think of hot dogs, they can be pretty boring. I almost never order them when I'm out, because I could easily just make one at home or there's usually more interesting options. This is not the case with Short Leash. Who would've thought that peanut butter, bacon, Gorgonzola, and Kracker Jax would go well on a hot dog?? Well it does, and it's awesome! Everything else I've tried is awesome too, including their fried pickles. I love these people!
5	After reading all the reviews I decided to hunt this food truck down and check it out for myself and I am so happy that I did. Not only is the food wonderful the service is great! The owners treat you like family. Definitely a must try if you haven't gone and if you have you already know its a must go to place when you want some yummy food!
5	Great hot dogs. Lots of interesting choices. I haven't been disappointed yet.
5	Back again we go (okay, so this wasn't the C-Clan's first time back...Ive stopped counting how many times we've had SLD..lol) for some tasty dogs on Wednesday night at the PPM! I mention that I wanted to try something different than my jalapeno corn dog.  J about fell on the floor when I mentioned trying something new and building it from the toppings on the menu. I shall name my dog creation - Tatonka aka Buffalo Dog.  Or maybe "The Leroy" after my mom's dachshund.  :)Chicken dog, blue cheese, tomato, and the faux buffalo sauce concoction that Kat, Brad, and I conjured up!  AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!  I think next time I shall try adding cole slaw at Kat's suggestion.  And maybe some onion.   And congrats to the Short Leash Family on the brick and mortar venture!!  The C-Clan is looking forward to the grand opening!
5	My friend brought in Short Leash to cater her wedding reception and it was a great time!  They were friendly and fast.  I had heard about the infamous Bear Dog, which has BBQ sauce, smoked gouda, peanut butter and Cracker Jax so I had to get it.  It was surprisingly delicious.  I'm not sure the amount of drugs or alcohol that had to be consumed to come up with this concoction but I'm glad they did.  A must-try for any self respecting foodie!
5	I love hot dogs but rarely have them with anything but a squirt of mustard. That was until I tried the Igby; Coleslaw and crumbled Bleu Cheese drizzled with tangy BBQ sauce. Just so incredibly tasty, words do not do it justice, just go out and try it, fall in love and dream about it!
5	I always get naked veggie dogs with lots of saurkraut, gouda, banana peppers, tomatoes and mustard! It's amazing. If you haven't had their fried pickels, it's a MUST!I work in North Scottsdale so I get very excited when they will be in the Whole Foods parking lot, however I only made the mistake of going at noon once. I spent almost an hour in line, but it was sooo worth it.
4	Delicious food cart.    The spicy beer hot dog is the best.    They messed up my order and gave me the wrong version of the right dog and it was delicious.  I wanted  Aiko (mango chutney) but I got the Oliver.  I did not give it five stars because its more expensive than it should be.  However, the people keep lining up.
5	Oh, it's so easy to love Short Leash. The staff are super friendly and nice and the dogs are just fantastic. This food truck (and soon to be walk-in restaurant!) serves hot dogs, sausages and brats from Schreiner's, a local place, and they are always delicious. Each unique hot dog I've tried so far - the Oliver and the Aiko - are yummy and fresh. The super soft naan "bun" is great compliment to the dogs. Definitely worth a visit!
5	I had some budget to spend for my office so I arranged to have Short Leash come out to cater lunch today. I contacted Kat and Brad about three weeks ago and they were super nice, very easy to work with. They gave me a date that worked so we booked it. They came by today about half an hour before the scheduled event, got situated, and were on their way. Everyone in the office was raving about the food. I took a culinary risk and had the Bear. Don't be fooled by what you may read, it's a wonderful combination of flavors that went really well with the spicy dog. They were a pleasure to work with and I hope to do something again with them in the future!
5	My experience was fantastic! We went to the truck at four peaks brewery...what a great idea! I tried 3 different hot dogs and all were amazing...my favorite being the bear....that peanut butter and Gouda are to die for! Everyone was so friendly and added to the experience. I wish I lived in Phoenix because "Short peaks" is definitely a place I would go on the reg.
5	Their truck was mentioned on YELP talk by Anthony and lo and behold they were in the parking lot of the Four Peaks Tasting room last night.  First off I will note I am vegetarian so I am only reviewing the veggie dogs but they were spectacular.  I had the Aiko ( Mango Chutney, diced Jalapenos, Red Onions, fresh Cilantro and Mayo + added sirracha), Igby  (Coleslaw and crumbled Bleu Cheese drizzled with tangy BBQ sauce) and we shared a side of fried pickles.  By far my favorite is the Igby and I wasn't that big of a fan of coleslaw before I had it even.  It's a perfect blend of crunchy, tangy, and sweet. The staff running the truck are extremely nice, friendly and very fun to chat with while I waited for the food. They made excellent suggestions so ask them what they think if you can't decide.  You are doing yourself a disservice by not tracking them down ASAP.TRY:- Igby- Aiko
5	Bratwurst with Mango Chutney, Cilantro & Sriacha and a side a fried pickles... heaven.
5	These are the best dogs I've ever had, no contest. This place is worth going out-of-your-way for. My favorites are The Lady and The Bear. I recommend getting The Bear with the spicy hot dog, you likely won't find anything so addicting!
5	This food truck is DELICIOUS!  Everything is made with high quality ingredients, and I have yet to try something that I didn't love!  This place is not your normal take on the hot dog.  Though, if that's your fancy then you can still get it :)I can't wait for the restaurant to open up on Roosevelt!
5	Hands down the most interesting hot dog I have ever eaten. Vegetarian dog with some kind of mango? SO GOOD! I wish I could follow them around and always have that kind of tasty option. Little pricey at $7 but not bad. Worth it, for sure.
5	Love their dogs! Very interesting combination. A coworker took me there on a Friday while attending a convection. Soooo good.
5	Everything in this truck is amazing, but I tip my hat to the Bear Dog. Peanut butter, cracker jacks, bacon, cheese, and bbq sauce on a hot dog somehow works fabulously. Each hotdog is named after a customer's dog and every week they feature a new dog of the week. Someday I'll submit one named for my dog too.  Side note, the fried pickles are pretty amazing too.
5	Just saw Short Leash Dogs on Eat St. (Cooking channel) and had to try it for myself.  I had the Oliver with a beef hotdog and my husband had the Aiko with the spicy beer hotdog.  I wish I had taken a picture but they were so damn good they were gone in less than 5 min (don't judge).  Who needs a stupid hot dog bun when you can have your dog wrapped in naan?! Pure genius.  We also couldn't resist the fried pickles--my pregnant lady dream come true :). Can't wait to stop by their new restaurant once its open!
5	Had my first Short Leash Dog at the food Truck Friday a few weeks ago and I'm hooked. I had the special, the Mac Daddy- hot dog (I chose the spicy dog) with chili, and MAC AND CHEESE on warm nan bread. DAMN!  I will be frequently their brink and mortar store as soon as they open. So many wieners so little time....  there's a t-shirt in there somewhere :)
5	Absolutely amazing! Brings a whole new dimension to hot dogs. Only the best ingredients and cooked to perfection. I had no idea that a dog this different could be so wonderful - Simply Outstanding
5	ARE YOU KIDDING ME WITH THIS FREAKIN' TRUCK?I am already being seduced by the sweet glamor food @ Urban Cookies.  On a regular, ordinary Tuesday afternoon I stumble upon a truck. "What is this?" my curiosity begs. Answer: THE FINEST HOT DOGS IN ALL OF PHOENIX.Now I know what you're thinking. "Anna, what about Ted's?" Well, what about it? it's a classic joint that has been keeping Valley residents hot dog happy for three decades. I love Ted's and I always will. However, what Short Leash is doing is groundbreaking hot dog architecture (Short Leash, Inc. may use that quote ---- but I want free hot dogs). Tasty, tastier, tastiest. SHORT LEASH, you've got me on your leash for all time.
5	Step out of your box and give something new a try, Short Leash is your opportunity to give a hot dog a chance. I experienced the Bear my first time at the truck, now I'm on a mission to try them all.  Fun, friendly service. Small, but fun atmosphere.
5	One of my absolute favorite food trucks. I adore Short Leash! From the fluffy naan to the high quality dogs and the killer service, this place rocks. I have to admit I overlooked it many a time at Food Truck Fridays, having a hard time imagining paying $6 for a hotdog. But the people kept lining up, and I started seeing these glorious creations and figured I'd take the plunge. The Igby is my absolute favorite. I always get it with the spicy beer wiener, and it includes coleslaw, blue cheese, and bbq sauce! YUM! It never gets old! I keep telling myself I'm going to get something else, but I'm hooked! I am so excited to get down and try their brick and mortar place! Short Leash Dogs are worth every penny!
5	When you want the best food on earth & awesome ambience mixed with excellent customer service. Short Leash sets the standard!
5	The new restaurant in downtown phoenix is fantastic.  The only drawback is the wait time because my last visit included a forty minute wait.   If you cannot decide which dog to pick try the one with the peanut butter and popcorn.
4	Corn dog bites, best ever!
5	One of the best food truck places you will find. Been getting crazy dog for about years and will never go any where else.
4	After much anticipated waiting, my friend and I got to finally try this place. Unfortunately after all the hype my expectations were high but overall I still think it was pretty good. Interesting flavor combos. Got the Lady with the brat- chipotle cream cheese, fried pickles, and onions on flatbread. Liked that they used the flatbread better than regular buns. Would be back to try other combo flavors.
4	This did not taste anything like CA hotdogs, but the taste was great. The service was really good and the restaurant was really clean. I will really want to out the truck service. Gave it four stars because I was expecting it the food to be better.
5	Having spent the last 10 days in Portland, we came back to Phoenix lamenting about the creative food scene here - why can't Phoenix have more of 'that'! Well here you go - Short Leash Sit...Stay is what we're talking about. We had the corn dog bits appetizer with spicy mustard and a Devil Dog - with spicy beer hot dog. The food pops! Wonderful! The corn dog bits were cooked perfectly with just the right amount of batter, and the hot dog wrapped in flat bread was an amazing mix of spicy flavors. All the hot dogs on the menu sounded delicious. We will be back. Love the owners mission: "eating well and surrounding yourself with people who make you happy" - mission accomplished. Highly recommended.
5	Short Leash catered our family birthday event. Wow - Fantastic food and fantastic  people! They are professional and very personable! We highly recommend Short Leash for all special events!
5	. The best part is they have vegan options with great toppings to choose from.. Definitely the best food truck I've tried so far.
2	Sorry but I cannot follow the "crowd" in heaping praise on the Short Leash.Totally overpriced. Slow service. The food was so sloppily prepared and presented that you wore it more than ate it. No forks or knives in sight and it could not be eaten by holding it without all the toppings falling off onto the paper plate. What a mess.there is a hot dog vendor working out of a little room at the Oak Creek Brewery in Sedona that puts Short Leash literally on a short leash...and to shame. Try it next time you are in Sedona.Sorry Short Leash lovers but you are busted as far as I am concerned.
5	A friend once told my husband and I that Short Leash has the best for dogs in Phoenix, but the line was crazy long when we saw the truck at the Phoenix local fest, so we passed.No line at 10am at the Gilbert Farmer's Market...yes please!!I ordered the Lady. My husband ordered the Aiko. We both got the all beef dog. Freaking AMAZING!!!! The only complaint is that my husband expected more toppings (cilantro, red onion), but instead thought the little bit there was had been mixed in to the mango chutney. We also ordered two kids corndogs. At $3 each they were a little pricey. The kids liked them but picked the batter off.I still give them five stars. Can't wait to catch them around town again.
2	I thought the hot dog was good, but not $6 good. It would have been nice to have had a choice of a regular bun instead of the flat bread. I am not sure why everyone is raving over this food truck. There are better alternatives for hot dogs in this city, especially if you are downtown.
5	Two words people: FRIED PICKLES.. The fried pickles are literally what sent me over the moon.. they were nicely battered, fried to a perfect crisp.. and were juicy, spicy, sweet, and super addicting.. They were my favorite thing about Short Leash... Now onto their amazing dogs... I ended up getting the March Special, it had cajun potato salad, bacon, and a spicy bratwurst.. soo delicious but definitely not healthy (if that it all even matters!). I honestly cannot remember what other things were in it.. but if you are in line right now trying to decide what to get.. like I was, please go with the fried pickles for $3.00, and try the March Special.. theres a picture of a cute white bichon frise on the food truck window that explains what the March special is, if that helps you out!
4	I pretty much love this place. The hot dogs are great and the options for toppings are unending. It is a little pricey for a hot dog but still worth a stop in. FYI The location at the Biltmore does not have fried pickles (which are amazing) so go to the original location for full options.
5	Was driving down the street today and looked to my right and was like....OMG SHORT LEASH DOGS!!!! I had been wanting to try this place since forever. IT DID NOT LET DOWN I created my own, and I wanted to try everything! The staff was super friendly and they served it up quickly with a long line behind me. I can not wait to find them again.
5	Hate to call it a food truck because it felt like so much more. I think they are definitely more gourmet than the image that is conjured up when the the words hot dog or food truck are put together in a sentence. I had just a basic dog in a pita and it was delicious. Service was friendly and fast! More than just a hot dog!
5	A few weeks ago these folks started teaming up with Shine Coffee near my office in mid-town Phoenix every Wednesday for what they call Shine & Dine.I'm hooked.The combos look very interesting, but I choose to build my own dogs and brats. I haven't been too adventurous with my choices yet, but there are so many toppings and combinations to explore, so...I can attest to the tastiness of the beef dogs and bratwurst and their toppings are top notch so far. The naan bread the dogs are on is a nice change from conventional hot dog buns and really helps to make the experience worthwhile.For anyone carping about $6 for a high quality hot dog or sausage on naan bread being served up to order with great toppings -- honestly, the whole world isn't Oscar Mayer or Hillshire Farms. This is really good stuff and in this case you get what you pay for. Shell out the bucks, kids. It's worth it.Oh, they also have veggie dogs, regular ol' weiners, chicken, and corn dogs. I haven't tried any of them. Or the fried pickles. There's also a small menu just for the kids.Very happy today to have to wait to place my order (food is cooked fresh, by the way). Glad they're getting more and more customers. They've earned it!
5	ooooh, sweet baby, come to momma! the first dog i tried at Short Leash was the Lady: Chipotle Cream Cheese, sauteed onions, and fried pickles. at first bite, the song resounded in my mind: "Lady, when you're with me I'm smiling. Give me all your love. Your hands build me up when I'm sinking. Touch me and my troubles all fade," and i'm not even a Styx fan (sorry, not sorry). it's just *that* good. but wait! listen, linda, lookit honey honey. you MUST try the Bear. with Peanut Butter, Cracker Jacks, Smoked Gouda, Bacon and BBQ Sauce, how can you go wrong?! you can't! just do it! i did it, and i'll do it again.
5	I saw the Yelp top 100 review and I quickly scanned the list to see if my city placed. Short Leash was number 81 in the country! I logged it in the back of my mind until today. My coworkers took me to a Food Truck Gathering, The smallest truck had the longest line. It was the fabled short leash. I took some suggestions in the line and I got a Spicy Beer Dog on the "Lady" set up. I also splurged on the fried pickles and a bottled water. 10 dollars even steven. For a 10 dollar bill that lunch was a SOLID home run. In the 10 buck range I can't picture you doing much better for flavor AND satisfaction. Looking forward to the next time I stumble across this lovely truck.
5	On a nice spring morning I took a trip to the downtown farmers market where I first saw short leash dogs and had my taste buds knocked upside down, now at first I was reluctant as looking at menu with the weird combos and even weirder names I decided to take a chance and will forever be thankful for that decision. The Igby my friends should have a street named after it I would kiss that dog if I met him they start with a delicious flat bread (pita-ish) with your choice of hot dog (spicy, regular or bratwurst) I go with brat they then layer with a fresh coleslaw they add BBQ sauce to it and then layer it with blue cheese I know what ur thinking but trust me it works. I also love the fact that they put a slice of a hot pickle on the top. And the dum dum for dessert is classic.
5	My wife and I love the food truck (it's easily our favorite of the bunch in Phoenix), so we had them cater our wedding. It's really saying something that one place can appeal equally to a family full of ravenous meat eaters just as much as it can to vegans (we had both at our wedding and both were in love with what the ordered.) Their catering menu is somehow even more interesting than their already robust and dynamic truck menu, and their prices are fantastic for what you get. We ordered their salad, mac & cheese and awesome potato salad as our sides and people almost literally couldn't get enough. Every time I do business with this place, I come away impressed with how awesome they are. It's a delight to have such a dynamic, interesting and delicious place right in the heart of Phoenix.
4	My favorite place to grab a hotdog! Love the lavash bread and every topping you can imagine! I went a little crazy with the sriracha last time, though :)
5	I'd like to preface this by saying I'm not a fan of any sort of "food truck" food. Bad experiences with Mexican food trucks in the past have left me jaded.That being said, upon seeing the well-taken-care-of truck & a delicious sounding menu, I decided to indulge. This was one of the best choices I've made in my entire life (I've been married, graduated college, bought a home etc) and this ranks right up there. I plan on following these fantastic people to wherever they drive their truck at least once a week.
4	I finally got to try the fabled Short Leash hot dog last week when they were parked outside the Convention Center during Comicon. For those that are hot dog traditionalists, this might not be a good hot dog for you, since they wrap the hot dog in a naan-like flatbread, and the selection of condiments for your hot dogs is more unique. I tried the Aiko, a hot dog with some sweet and spicy flavors. You have your choice of different meats for your hot dog, and I chose the spicy hot. Overall, each component in the meal was good, but it was generally just a little too sweet for my tastes. Service was fast and friendly.Oh and they offer veggie dogs too for those that are vegetarians. Very nice!
5	Love this place, love the staff, love love the food! My favorite is the Igby.
4	Love this place! They offer a great twist on good local made hot dogs. Who needs a bun anyways? Try the the Igby, you can't go wrong.
5	I've been wanting to try this place for awhile and am so happy I finally did!! The BEST hotdogs downtown and I love the idea of using pita instead of a bun.  Really cute ambiance with a vintage feel and they even sell Mexican Coke and Big Red out of the bottles.  My friend had the Bloody Mary and said it was the BEST he's had in a long time.
5	I love this place.  My wife got the Mac Daddy, daughter got the Bear, and I got the bratwurst Stuffed Pretzel.  Crazy cool flavor combinations and a foodies dream.  Bring your hipster friends too.  They'll dig the atmosphere.
5	Holy cow this was good. I'm not a hot dog person but they have chicken sausage and bratwurst options. I got the chicken Moki style, OMG it was incredible!! Pinto beans, shredded cheese, tomato and chiles on a lavosh / flatbread. It is amazing. I may have to hit them up tomorrow and get another one. They have a brick and mortar store in addition to the mobile option.
4	Short leash has been on my list of favourite eateries for quite some time now. I love that they're all over the valley and that I don't have to deal with the food truck Fridays crowd just to get some good wiener.There isn't much to be said about Short Leash that hasn't been said countless times already. I love me some Short Leash. The team is amazing. The product is high quality. Everything is put together with seemingly effortless flair. Brad and Kat always make it a point to say hello when they recognize you. They are always bringing new stuff out for patrons to try. And the usual (whichever yours may be) is always, always, always consistent. My go to is the naked Aiko with fried pickles on top. The boy likes the Bear or occasionally a corn dog. I have yet to find a reason to complain. Not that I'm looking. Just, one has never arisen! You can find me every few Wednesdays ordering my usual for lunch at the Shine and Dine. I love it. Its never very crowded, so I don't have to wait the treacherous Food Truck Friday lines, and I can order my coffee while I wait for my dog! Hooray for Short Leash! Making the world a better place one wiener at a time!
5	Listen. And Listen Carefully. These hot dogs are unlike anything you've ever experienced. My company sponsors a weekly "Food Truck Wednesday" event and ever since my first experience, I wait in anticipation to see if Short Leash Dogs will be there. Literally like a kid waiting for Christmas. I ordered my own hot dog creation, I don't remember what was in it. But it was so good, I had to put the hot dog down after the first bite to make sure it was real. I rarely eat hot dogs and I primarily consume them twice a year during a typical Labor Day or Memorial Day BBQ but I will travel for Short Leash Dogs. Yes, I said, Travel for a Hot Dog! It's that real.
5	A good place to go!  I have found they have good food and good service.  This seems to be consistent from visit to visit.  They have great tasting hot dogs and brats with a wide variety of toppings all for about $6 to $7 per dog.I would recommend that you give this place a try because I think you will enjoy it.When you go in - tell them that Chris from Yelp recommended you go there.  They will have no idea who the hell I am but it might provide some interesting entertainment and a good laugh or two!Enjoy!
4	fantastic gluten free versions of practically everything on the menu. Top notch quality every time I've tried it.
5	This place is fantastic. Physical location + mobile food truck. Great selection of fixings and dogs. Make it just how you like it for a very reasonable price. Will be back soon and often :)  Naandogs ftw.
5	I was going to Shine Coffee around lunch time and was pleasantly surprised that Short Leash had their food truck there. The staff were very friendly, down to earth and patient. I ordered a veggie dog with green chilies and pinto beans but they have a great unique assortment of hot dogs and fixings. The hot dog was wrapped in a sort of pita bread. It was delicious. The service and the experience was great. I highly recommend them!
5	I had no idea what to expect when this food truck showed up to a company event over in Chandler.  They told me their green chilies come out of a can - I was thinking "yuck" - you guys need to invest in a large freezer and buy Hatch green chilies.  Having said that, I tried a dog with mustard, sauteed onion, relish, and kraut - it was one of the best dogs I have ever eaten!  I highly recommend trying this Food Truck if it comes to an event near you!  Yummy!
5	Totes good. Brunch is nummers.
5	Honestly, I really couldn't have enjoyed my first experience at Short Leash Dogs Food Truck more.  I had the pleasure of experiencing this tasty treat before a recent Secret Cinema Event.  I was excited to give this food truck a try, as it's been on my "to try" list for quite some time.  Now down to business... the food...I ordered a regular wiener "lady" style and shared a side of fried pickles.  The fried pickles were everything a fried food should be and more.  Perfectly seasoned, fried golden, and served warm with a side of ranch.  YUM.  I could eat those babies all day.  As for the dog, it was to die for.  Loved the pita bread, the spicy mayo, and of course more fried pickles.  The dog had a great "snap" and was extremely flavorful on it's own.  The Hubs had the spicy dog with the style that featured peanut butter.  It was surprisingly sweet, but also very good.  Though we had to wait awhile for them to cook up our order, it was surely worth the wait.I can't wait to try some more of Short Leash Dogs amazing offerings!
2	In town with friends visiting and decided to go to the food truck event today. Saw short leash hot dog truck and decided to try it out. We tried the Aioki dog with mango chutney, the naan bread is a great idea however the dogs were very small for the price. The mango chutney and mayo was not a good combination and the mango chutney was too chunky more like a salsa. Also had a plain hot dog and the dog was crunchy which was a bit odd to me having eaten hot dogs my whole life. The hotdogs would have tasted better just steamed and not grilled afterwards made it too dry. The staff is overall friendly. They gave a free sample of there fried pickles to try and they were okay.
3	Dear Foodies,Normally when I write reviews they are about the alcohol and food that I enjoy at the establishment. However, this time around I only enjoyed the delectable cans of beer here at Short Leash because we ate elsewhere before stumbling over to this place during First Friday. I had the Coconut Porter in a can and it blew my hair back. I also tried a yummy Pilsner that they have in a can as well. Their beers on tap or not that adventurous or exciting to me so I opted for can and was very happy. I will return to eat the food there; it smelled and looked amazing as the servers walked the food to the tables behind me.
4	Soon after hearing practically nothing but very good facts about Shorter Leash Puppies, I finally acquired to test them out for lunch Completely remarkable! Delivers a completely new variant to very hot dogs. Just the greatest ingredients and cooked perfectly. I'd no idea that simple dogs can have this different taste and can be so yummy as this.
5	about hot dogs and I had never tried a papaya drink, but I tried Gray's Papaya because I read somewhere that I should. It was okay. I did not finish the papaya drink.
5	I always love making myself gourmet hotdogs and brats at home, so this place is like a dream come true.You simply pick your dog and then choose from a massive list of toppings. The Best part is, it is not on a normal bun but a flat bread so all the toppings fit in and roll up nicely. I've had two different ones and they were both great. I want more and would recommend it.to anyone. Great food, very nice service, love this place.
4	This review is for the Food Truck that visits the Biltmore area on Tuesdays. Will be happy when they finally open their store front there. The hot dog is a great butcher dog made locally, natural casing beef and pork dog. The dog is cooked to order, wrapped in Naan. I got the chipotle cream cheese and green chilis on mine. Overall very nice dog.
5	Circle R Farm food truck is outstanding!Track it down for a gourmet meal. Fresh Turkey, Filet,Duck sliders.
4	Can't comment on the food as I've never eaten here. Nice that they have outdoor seating though. The pub inside is very quaint and located on one of the prettiest streets in Phoenix, Irving Place. Apparently it is the oldest operating tavern in Phoenix too. So there, drinks at a historic establishment? why not?!
4	I followed the trucks until the Sit Stay brick and mortar opened, and I am so glad I did! The atmosphere is modern, and welcoming. The service is fantastic!! The waitstaff are prompt, courteous and really know the menu. Now the food is what really steals the show! They've got quite a bit on the menu.. Favorites include the "Bear" dog.. which has all the flavors of the ball park, and the Bratwurst in a pretzel bun.  This is a great place for a truly gourmet hot dog!
5	Have followed these guys from when Sit-Stay was the weekend parking spot at Camelback and Central. They rocked then and have only gotten better! The fried green tomatoes stack will change your life. This is not your Dad's dog joint. Think haute cuisine in a Naan wrapper. The Bear is what you try first. I mean it, the peanut butter, bbq sauce, and cracker jacks totally meld into heaven in your mouth. They have beer floats also, I know, BEER floats. And now with Rollover Donuts; I should live here! These folks are so cool also. This is what Phoenix is supposed to taste like. Great local food, without the pretentious attitude. Go now, get up! Your palate will tongue kiss you for it.
