4	I hadn't been in a Hi Health for some time, and this was near my lunch spot today so I figured I'd grab some Airborne to make sure I didn't get this round of colds going around the office.  When did Hi Health get all shiny and fancy?  The only one I'd seen similar to this was at Arizona Mall - and that's their super-mega superstore source of pride kind of place.  It's not a huge place - but I was really pleasantly surprised!  Lots of great shampoos and fun soaps - just like you'd see at a Wild Oats and that kind of store.  They also had a surprisingly large section of food-stuffs.  Bread, ice cream and frozen meals, chips, cookies - oh yea - and they also have power bars.  Of course they always have tons of supplements and vitamins and all the other stuff they are known for.  While this will be no substitution for Gentle Strength, it will be great to know that all these great options are available in the area!
1	DON"T order anything from this company!!  I ordered 8 bottles of oil.  I made a point to call to talk to a rep and didn't just go thru the web.  It was a deal because the cost was slightly less than locally and the shipping and handling cost made the difference.  To my chagrin the package arrived with just one bottle - no explanation.  Shipping and handling same cost as if 8 bottles were delivered.  When I called they found out they only had one bottle and that is all they were going to send me - but they weren't going to lower the shipping and handling.  Tried talking to supervisor - wouldn't budge. This ended costing me more for this bottle than I would have paid locally.  Deceptive practices - not customer focused.  SHADY BUSINESS
1	Hi health is generally a great store and  I love their products-However the sales associate Sheila is the worst employee I have ever encountered.  She seems to hate her job, does not offer good customer service, she is impatient, rude and not very knowledgeable.  I will drive to another hi health during the day- as that is the shift she works- when I was in there on Monday 9/26 she was even being rude to the delivery guy that came to bring her order- however the night crew is awesome and the girl that works the evenings is very friendly and knowledgeable.  Sorry to give you guys a one star rating-Sheila ruined it!
