3	A decent local bar. The type of place where you can strike up a conversation with the person next to you, even if he's an intimidating-looking biker type. There's live music on the weekends and on Sundays a great guitar player who really interacts with the people in the bar.$1 wells and domestic bottles from 10-12pm Sunday through Thursday, as well. Overall, glad I stopped in. Everybody seems to know everybody, but it's not one of those places where you feel like an outsider thankfully.
4	On week nights, 5030 has ONE DOLLAR DRINKS.I can't emphasize that enough. It's the "power hour", sun-thurs from 10-midnight. One dollar well drinks and domestic bottles. I hope I have your attention now.If money is not an object for you, then rest assured! I gave this place four stars for more reasons than that. It's got pool tables, a few games, and tons of seating. There are even some comfy booths in the corner and an auspicious dancing pole for ladies who've imbibed just the right amount.Both bartenders that have served me here are already some of my favorites. They know what they are doing, and have no shortage of suggestions for what to drink or how to drink it, a quality that I feel is the mark of a successful server. They had a friendly and sociable aura about them, something I'm not used to seeing in dives around here.The liquor selection is top notch. Every tequila, whiskey, and vodka I could ask for in a bar are in no shortage here. They even had some liquors I'm not used to seeing--I tried my first shot of AGWA and loved it! Next time, I'll be back for that special they have on pitchers of Leinenkugel. This bar has everything I like (good heavens, KILTLIFTER's on tap, too!) and I can't wait to bring tons of friends. Just so you know, there is no kitchen and no patio, but you can overlook that. 5030 just took some business away from its competitors.
4	great dive bar. very friendly staff and cheap drinks! what more can you ask?!?!
5	Cheap drinks, great bartenders,friendly people, bands at night. Great neighborhood crowd. Everything u want!!!
1	This place is horrible. regulars are rude, bikers wear colors and tension is high. new owners did nothing to improve it, but  raised the prices.
5	One of the first places I went to when I moved down here to Arizona. The servers were very nice and sociable. They felt like the wanted to  be working there. The regulars were also nice. They came up to me and started talking and that is rare because I look like an asshole. They have pool tables, their juke box music thing looks pretty cool. I need to learn how to use it so I can rock some Fleetwood.
2	Old working man's bar. People are nice for the most part- bartenders are less skanky (some even nice) than the bars in the neighborhood with the same owner. Nothing special about the place- just a neighborhood dive. Sometimes there are a lot of bikers- the neighborhood is going to hell. Shoot out just the other day- saw a man blocking traffic on Peoria right in front of the place, beating his passenger. The liquor store next door calls black people "animals". I could live the rest of my life happily without ever returning- yet, this is my hood, so whatevs- you know I'm coming back... ... ... ...and he said, "Baby, anywhere you want... you want the Four Seasons?" and she said, " Four Seasons?... ~Skink-hock-ptui~ Nah, I wanna go to the 5030!".True Story.
