4	Italian car show this weekend - celebrating 100th anniversary of Alfa-Romeo - free admission, blues concert, BBQ and Lamborghinis and Ferraris Oh My.http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/events/articles/2010/09/23/20100923phoenix-le-bellezze-ditalia-car-show.html
5	I just saw this on groupon again and needed to share that I highly recommend! We bought the bingo deal last year and went over the summer-- My beau & I had a blast! We're in our 30s so we were clearly the youngest people there, but the crowd is friendly and the drinks are really cheap (less than 5 bucks for a strong mixed drink with awesome service at the bar) The deal gets you a whole booklet of bingo sheets for games covering a span of about 3 hours. You can sit inside or outside on the back patio (better). Their menu is pretty basic. We just ordered fries, but heard the fish 'n' chips were awesome. Oh, and I won $100. Beginners luck?If you go on a Friday, there's an old-school band that starts playing just before bingo gets out in the lounge. Dapper shoes optionalps- We're not Italian.
5	This review is for the fish fry they have every Friday at the American Italian club. The fish was awesome and the best fish and chips I have had in a long time. The fish was $9.50 and they also had a really nice Italian buffet for $13. One member of my group had the buffet and said it was really good. The buffet had salmon and several delicious looking pasta dishes. The crowd here is mostly older and everyone was really nice.  They had a really good live blues band playing and it was icing on the cake for a really enjoyable evening.   Everyone in my party loved the food and had a great time. They all want to do it again so we will be back!The club is open to the public on Wednesday night for all you can eat spaghetti, Thursday for a buffet, and Friday for fish fry or buffet from 5:30PM until 7:30PM. They close the kitchen at 8PM but the club stays open. You don't  have to be a member to eat here on these nights but only members can buy liquor at the bar.
4	Love it! Been living near this place for most of the last thirty years, and finally came tonight.They had salad, with ranch, or Italian (go figure), or vinegar and oil.The pasta choices were;spaghetti, with meatballs, and red sauce;pasta Primavera;bow tie pasta, with sausage, and Alfredo sauceThe meatballs were good portions, , and the red sauce was delicious.The Primavera was good, but it's not really my gig.The bow tie, with Alfredo, was delicious!The bread was soft, with a nice crust.Glad I finally came, after seeing it for thirty years.Gonna have to come again.
