5	The cookie gods smiled on me the day I discovered Coyote Oaties.  Who would've thought you could take a handful of simple, natural ingredients and turn them into something so addictive??  These gourmet oatmeal cookies are the best I've ever tasted, and the mother and daughter team responsible for them are baking geniuses!!!
5	The cookies rock.  That's all I got to say.  When browsing Glendale, stop in and buy one.  Avoid Bitzee Mama's mexican restaurant a few doors north of there.
4	Very good cookies
5	The most delicious cookies ever!  Try the sundae with a warm cookie and caramel sauce on top. Pure heaven! Can't live without my weekly fix. My favorite?  Peanut butter dark chocolate cashew.  Yum Yum!!!
5	Absolutely, the best oatmeal cookies you will ever eat! The sundae's are to die for, and the environment in this place is so warm and inviting! A wide variety of the cookies, and the shop has some of the most unique items  you will ever see. Great shop for gift giving. Oh yeah, the smell of the cookies cooking in there is reason enough to go in this lovely place!
5	The best oatmeal cookies I have ever tasted in my life.  I am an official addict.  The far chocolate peanut butter oaties are me favorite.  The white chocolate macadamia nut ones are also phenomenal!  Try them, now! Delicious!!!!!Oh, one last thing the sundae's are really good too!
5	My wife and I have been Coyote Oaties fans for a while now, they have the best cookies. You can even get them shipped to a loved one, I had some sent to my Mother in Law for her retirement party. They arrived a day earlier than expected. The cookie sundaes are absolutely delicious. I highly recommend you try one.
4	This is a very unique shop with all kinds of homemade trinkets, signs, and oddities. In the back of the shop is a little bakery area with drinks and desserts. I tried the hot tea and an oatmeal chocolate chip cashew cookie. The tea menu has some unique flavors. The staff timed the making of the tea and had clearly tried them all, since they could describe the menu items well. The cookies are the specialty here. They come in a sort of mound shape with a soft and chewy center. It is quite pleasant once you cut through the oats and hit a spot of warm melted chocolate. The flavors of the oats, chocolate, and nuts come through nicely.This is definitely a place to stop by for a snack when you are in downtown Glendale.
5	Amazing cookies!! Nothing compares to these. I always get them for myself and for corporate gifts. Always very fresh and moist
5	This business is a jewel in downtown Glendale. So eclectic and fun to visit.  And then, those oatmeal cookies! Who doesn't love oatmeal cookies and these are to die for.Rebecca and her sister have a place that we will visit often. Mike Petrus
5	Best cookies! I couldn't decide how many to get so I said "just give me a dam dozen" problem solved.  So when you are in the area get a "dam dozen".  Make sure to get a variety, all the cookies are great!
5	5 stars for the vibes.5 stars for the rad chicks running the joint.20 stars for the Coyote Oatie ice cream sundae!Stopped in on our way out from the Glendale Chocolate Affair and found heaven in a bowl.  I got the famed Coyote Oatie ice cream sundae and it was facking awesome.  Its basically the best ice cream sundae you've ever had with one of their signature Coyote Oatie cookies all warmed up and on top.  This is the perfect dessert.  When the cookie crumbles into the ice cream and caramel it is awesome.  Loved this little joint in downtown Glendale, loved the ladies running it.  I'd much rather give my money to a local joint like this rather than a CORPORATE Coldstone or Baskin Robbins.  Already planning another trip.MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!
5	The oatmeal cookies are baked right on site. The actual store sells beautiful household items and unique decor. They serve wonderful team either hot or cold. The owner and her daughter run the shop. They also do a lot of custom wood orders, Laser wood engraving.A great place to come with friends your kids or family to have some tea and cookies great atmosphere very comfortable and beautiful
5	I'm a sucker for a good oatmeal cookie. These did not disappoint. The location itself is pretty cool. I only wish I had more time to look around when I was there.
5	Stopped in here today with my 2 year old son to try out the cookies. Drove from North Glendale by the 101 and the 20 minute drive each way was completely worth it! The owner was so friendly and pleasant. The cookies are perfect. My son and I will be back for sure, and I am telling every person I know to check it out. Thank you for making such a delicious (and healthier) alternative to chain bakeries.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. The cookies are to die for. The decor and atmosphere are so charming. The owner was just delightful - not only did she welcome my 2-year-old boy into the store (there are fewer and fewer establishments that are kid-friendly these days), she brought him a sundae and ice water to go with his cookie, served it on a platter, and even encouraged him to sit on the velveteen couch if he felt like it.  I made a $4 purchase and got treated like royalty.  What a wonderful establishment...I will not only be back, I will encourage all my friends to support them too.  The cookies are reason enough to come...but these are people who truly care about their customers, and that is worth driving out of my way for!
5	Some of the best cookies I have ever eaten. I am a big fan of oatmeal cookies and my favorite so far is the oatmeal peanut butter chocolate chip! Yummm!It is a chunky cookie filled with lots of good stuff and tastes like just out of the oven. The owner says they do mail orders and also gluten free.The shop is charming with unique one of a kind items. Owner is friendly and welcoming. The shop seems like a comfy place to sit and enjoy your cookie and tea. Maybe next time I will try their cookie sundae with ice cream drizzled with caramel sauce.
5	I am not a big fan of oatmeal cookies. But i don't know if they sprinkle crack in them or what(for the record they do not sprinkle crack in there cookies) But there cookies are amazing. I would once a week but i recently got a new job and work basically when there open but I think about these cookies all the time. The mother and daughter who are the owners of this company are sweet and marvelous and will always offer to have you call in and they can make and reserve you cookies if you do it in the morning. My personal favorite is the SALTED CARAMEL it is beyond words. The chocolate cherry is also another favorite of mine if your ever in downtown Glendale or not and just want a wonderful dessert this is you go to place. I would even say its a must visit place in Arizona.
5	Oh my gosh amazing cookies. It's a party in my mouth with every bite. The sundaes are amazing. Thank you so much for the great experience y'all are amazing people Rebecca and Annette. Definitely telling people about this place.
5	Okay so I'm officially in LOVE!!it was my first time here, and I actually crossed this little place by accident and boy am I glad I did!When you walk in, it's a little shop kinda thing.The style of the little shop/tea shop reminds me almost of like french style.My friend and I were greeted by a gentlemen and a lady who were so sweet.We walked up to the counter and they have an awesome selection of teas with a description.The woman also let us smell the tea.You can have it iced or hot, any of them.I ordered the coconut almond iced tea and my friend ordered the pumpkin iced tea. I of course, being me, had to have a cookie. I ordered the chocolate oatmeal and walnut cookie. Wow! So AMAZING! The tea is brewed to order so it takes about 6-7 mins to get.The cookie... OMG heaven! Seriously. So moist and gooey inside ahhh. I can't even imagine what they taste like as soon as they come out of the oven.. No but seriously, my cookie addiction is bad.. Or good... Depending on what kind of person you are.But anyways! The tea was perfection! It is made by a local woman, and it's delicious.We will most definitely be back!Such a little gem in Glendale !!Check it out if you have a few minutes to spare and are craving good tea or cookies! :)
5	Coyote Oaties is a wonderful small business!  They have a little shop with interesting up cycled furniture and trinkets and then there is the best part - the cookies!!  I'm partial to the oatmeal raisin Oaties but all the flavors are great.  They are soft and buttery - exactly right for a little treat while walking around Glendale.  I've also given them as gifts and it is always appreciated.  They also make fresh tea (hot and iced), which I really appreciate since it doesn't sit around.  The ladies that own it are the nicest.  My husband and I really enjoy going there, even in the dead of summer and that's saying something.  Ignore the single negative review and trust the rest of us - you won't regret it!!
5	I have had the cookies as a snack, given them as corporate gifts and had other products from them at my daughter's wedding. Love the cookies, love the shop, love the service. Once I asked to use my AMEX and it was explained that because of fees they don't take AMEX. Guess what I did...chose another form of payment. No big deal. This is truly a gem in the heart of Old Town Glendale.  If you have a chance, stop in for a treat!
5	Only the best cookie I have ever tasted!Great little shop that you will want to go back to over and over again!  Forget what you think an oatmeal cookie is supposed to taste like!!
5	I just discovered this place yesterday at Glendale Glitters and I was not disappointed at all. It's small and very warm and inviting. The tea selection for tea lovers is to die for. I purchased a half dozen cookies and OMG they were awesome. The service was fantastic, everyone was friendly, the owners were on premise and they were super sweet and willing to serve and give the history behind their yummy cookies..I will be going back not just for the cookies but because I'm a huge tea drinker and they have a great selection. One of my new favorite small local businesses Everyone should pop in for a cookie
