4	I'm giving a good review because I appreciate that they allowed me to return a pair of shoes that my wife had purchased.  She had only worn them 1 time but they were definitely showing some signs of wear...I would have given 5 stars but the girl who helped me had a little more attitude than I felt was necessary.
4	Big Five's been around since I was a little kid, and they've always provided a decent selection of sporting goods, whether it's for golf, yoga, or target shooting.  They always have some specials running in their paper ads, and I like the mom-and-pop feel of this place.  We went here recently and received excellent customer service from the assistant manager.  Will return again!
2	Such a shame. Just had an incredibly unpleasant customer service interaction at this location. Having lost my receipt I attempted to exchange an item I had purchased for store credit. At the store I was told different policies by two different employees that both turned out to be partially incorrect. I was told that there was absolutely no way to look up my transaction from only five days earlier without my receipt (I was later told by two different managers that this is not true). The second employee also gave this information to me in a condescending and unprofessional manner.  Her attitude caused me to leave and attempt to resolve the issue later. So shortly after I called the store manager to determine what the real policy was because of the multiple different stories I had received in person. First he said something along the lines of "well maybe you should've kept your receipt" as if it wasn't a genuine accident on my part to have lost it. Clearly I had not purposely gotten rid of it. The manager also must have already heard about the interaction from his employees because he assumed that I was mad without me ever saying so. I told him that I didn't understand why he had immediately been so aggressive with me over the phone. He just began arguing that he was not being rude to me. As someone who has worked in many customer service positions in the past I would never try to tell my customer that I'm not being rude. If a customer perceives it there's obviously something different that a manager should be doing to effectively communicate with him/her. I've had nothing but pleasant experiences at every other Big 5 location, so I suppose I will just need to stop visiting this one for the sake of my sanity. Too bad--it's so close to my house!
