4	What a Las Vegas gem! Walk into this place at any time and your bound to see ladies getting perms and more vintage treatments going on. Go see Jamie for facial services, she does a mean bikini wax and microdermabrasian and because of the non trendy location, she charges really great prices! They have a nice retail store, but make sure you bring your own magazine for the waiting area, as they do have outdated stuff there. What a fun little salon!!
1	I was referred to Madge here and was heart-broken after I left with fried hair NOTHING like I asked for. She took off to do this other guy's hair as he was in a rush and then she left me under the hot lamp too long so the bleach made my hair all jelly like (which is REALLY bad) and it started snapping off! My hair is still brown too! She has no experience with the latest trends and NO CLUE regarding bleach. Do NOT let her near your hair- I promise you'll regret it!!
4	I found this salon on yelp originally and found this amazing lady that does waxing.....Marina Solomon. She does great eyebrow waxing, bikini waxing...you name it! I would highly recommend her. She is fast and gets the job done right ;) Call Goldilocks & just ask for Marina...
1	This place should definitely stay hidden! Spend the money elsewhere for a GOOD haircut! The hairstyles are as outdated, & old school as the ladies that work there. The receptionist reffered my sister & I to a lady that was supposed to be good with cuts "Madge", but this Jamaican lady that cut my hair was horrible! She obviously never had that many white clients because she was  rude, & very rough w/my sister & I & didn't know what she was doing. She would grab a bunch of hair, pull it, & start chopping! I was supposed to have a layered look. But I would have gotten better results if I gave a blind person shears & a bowl. When she was finished she had me look in the mirror & I noticed one side of my hair was way shorter than the other, after she had been chopping for a good 20 min! She told me my hair must've already been that way.... Never again!
5	Even when I am living out of state I wait to get my haircut for when I am in Las Vegas so that I can go see Brian. I always feel so wonderful when I leave- my hair looks great, I feel confident, and the best part is that it keeps looking good until I come back. Basically, I never have to go back because the cut has grown out poorly (because that just doesn't happen). From the minute you sit down, Brian is kind and patient as he listens to what you want. He is friendly and professional. I also really appreciate that I never feel rushed- when he is working on your hair, you are the center of his attention.There is usually a great shampoo and head massage before he gets to work. Then, he works his magic.  Before the end, he makes sure that the cut is what you were looking for and is willing to make adjustments, and he doesn't make you feel guilty or awkward about asking. I have also had my hair dyed and my eyebrows done at Goldilocks and was pleased with the results.
5	After my stylist and colorist  left town, I was in dire straits!  Well over 2 yrs ago discovered Sharon through a friends recommendation and I could not be happier!  Even though I'm probably considered old, she always does my "do" as sexy, hip and chic which I LUV!! Sharon is also amazing with color and her excellent  sissoring makes my baby fine hair look and feel full every time!!!  Thank you Sharon!!!
5	I have been going to this salon for over 8 years now and I love it. My hairstylist is Laurie and she is wonderful. When I moved to Las Vegas from Los Angeles, she actually took the time to get on the phone with my long time hairstylist in LA to find out exactly how my color was mixed, etc. to make sure it was a smooth transition for me and I was very impressed with that. I had been with my hairstylist in LA for so many years and it was a traumatic situation to have to switch to someone new but Laurie made it very easy and I've been going to her, ever since. I would highly recommend, if you are looking for a new hair salon. Check it out!
5	Lori was amazing! She did my hair and makeup for my wedding and it was perfect - not only did she style me exactly as I imagined, it even stayed together through winds of 40mph on my wedding day. Also, they are extremely affordable compared to other wedding specialists I found in the area.
5	I just had a haircut from Addy and it looks phenomenal! She had a mess to work with and she slowly and diligently worked on my hair to the point of perfection.  It looks styled and has a great line to it. No more disaster hair. Best part is she respected that I didn't want it cut real short but yet she still made it look good. I will be going back to her!
5	After 2 moves across the country within 1-yr and many many bad color jobs and haircuts, I  landed in Las Vegas permanently in May.  My first experience was at  an upscale salon near my SW Vegas home - a complete nightmare (I'll review that in another review) and $400 - 2nd salon to fix the 1st salon was another $200 - another nightmare. After reading the reviews here on Yelp and being completely desperate - I walked in Goldilocks a few days ago.  The receptionist was very nice and was quick to help me.Madge was available to color my hair and fix the mess that the last 2 salons did - she did a fabulous job - I am so pleased with her.  She listened to what I wanted and how I wanted it...it doesn't help that I am a licensed hairdresser as well - we tend to be picky and critical.    Madge did a great job!    I had Brian cut my hair today - WOW!  The best haircut I have had in a long time.  He was patient, personable, and professional.   I am thrilled with my color and cut.  Also, both visits I had shampoos - the ladies were both professional, both did a good job - didn't soak my clothes and actually rinsed my thick curly hair completely clean of the color and shampoo. I am so happy to now have a salon here in Vegas and two professionals that know what they are doing.
1	My wife came home it tears after her appointment with Renae today! She went to have her roots done and I have never seen such a poor job. There are numerous spots all along the front of hairline that range from about 1/4"- 1/2" in length that were not colored at all... Very noticeable since her hair is colored blond from a very dark brown. There is a patch near her ear about with the same result. On the top there are "dash" marks of dark hair where it goes from blond to her natural color to blond again.On top of this, a separate "stylist" was combing my wife's hair while it was still quite wet causing breaking. She continued even after my wife asked her not to comb till it was dry. My wife did not even get an I'm sorry from these ladies after she brought it up!
5	Love it here!!!  My hairdresser makes this the  best experience ever. Always have great customer service and great selection of hair products. Brian Cohen-----my best friend, my buddy since the early 1970's!!    And getting better, if that's even possible, as years pass by.
