4	I fly Hawaiian whenever possible.  Inter-island and to the west coast.  I find that most of my flights are on time and has never had a problem with my luggage (knock on wood). Most of the staff are helpful and friendly.  A good thing about Hawaiian is that most of their gates are at smaller terminals.  At HNL they have their own security check point so, going through security is no problem.  They also offer curbside check in some of the time.  Very convenient if you have a lot of bag.  Assigned seats and meals on mainland and international flights are included in the price.    -1 star because the seats on the new airbus is a bit firm.
4	Yelp Challenge 365 # 178/365I can't believe there is only 1 other review of Hawaiian's Las Vegas location. Do I have the wrong address????? Well, and for not much longer, you would arrive and depart out of Terminal 2 at McCarran International Airport. To a large degree Terminal 2 is a good thing because Hawaiian is one of a few airlines who fly out of Terminal 2 so foot traffic is less, security checkpoints are easier and shuttle bus service is available as well. IF you are flying the pineapple express which leaves Las Vegas at 1:55 am the downside is the terminal and counter does NOT open until 11:30 pm so if you're at the airport before then- you jus have to sit and wait. Also, the vendors up at gate are closed. This may not be an issue once the relocate to the new terminal
5	Hawaiian Airlines counter agents are the best! Here in Honolulu we requested window seats together. We were separated  because it was a last minute trip and booked late. We had two middle seats thirty rows apart!  The best they could do at first was having my gf and I across the aisle from each other. Later on at the gate we asked again and we got it!On our flight back from Vegas same thing except this time we were together but in the middle seats. We asked for window seats and they said they'll put us on a list. Later at the gate they called us to the podium and took care of us! Flight attendants are the best, very good in flight service.
1	I have been flying Hawaiian Airlines for many years.  Recently, they have changed their seats.  Very uncomfortable.  My butt was aching by the time we got to Kauai.  I thought it was just that flight, but had the same experience over the next four flights!   Then, a friend recently came from a trip to Honolulu and mentioned this same, exact ache from the seats. (It's definitely the seats) Takes them over an hour to get a cup of water or any kind of drink to the passengers, which I have experienced the last four flights.  Not sure what's going on with Hawaiian Airlines.  I think I will use up the miles that I have, and switch to American Airlines.  Sad to say, but they have gone downhill.
3	Terminal 3 is the new home for Hawaiian Airlines and it sucks!! Bring back Terminal 2, it was sooo much more convenient. Few gates, shorter walk especially if you're older or traveling with someone who needs help.Decided to bypass the curbside check in and go inside. Bad move, we are pualani gold members so we can stand in a separate line. The way the counter and lines are set up it's hard to tell who they are calling. Seems like only one counter is for the first class/ premier members, so the regular line might be faster.After checking in then you go through the security then catch the tram to Terminal 2. What a hassel, then a long walk to the gate. Only pluses there are more choices to eat and not as claustrophobic as Term.2.Got boarded, no pillows or blankets unless you want to shell out $8! Really? Good thing it was hot in the plane, or wait that's a bad thing. Flight was 9:05 am then at 9:10 the Capt comes on and says it'll be at least 10 more minutes for paperwork. Pushed off at 9:20 then sat there for another ten minutes. Finally off to the runway, took off around 9:45am. It was warm in the airplane. They have carts that sell headphones, blankets and upgraded meals. I opted for the $14 teri chicken and fried rice. Comp meal was a bagel and jelly or something like that.The best thing is always the flight crew, they are the best.Some confusion when getting luggage, they said baggage claim B or C. Then they said C, then when we went there the sign was wrong it didn't say Las Vegas so we walked all the way to B then back again! WTF, then the sign was changed. Ugh.* When arriving in Vegas after you pick up your luggage if you choose to take the shuttle make sure you have good walking shoes. You pay inside the terminal before door 3 then you walk all the way down to door 6 to get to the shuttle. I feel sorry for the older people. Don't know why they can't park closer!
2	A small airline delivering low budget service at big boy prices but always with a smile, until something goes wrong.A flying bus.  No frills.  No food service menu.  No wine list.  No toothbrushes or personal mouthwash in the lavatories.  Just horrible airline food and a very limited selection of drinks.  They even charge you for a blanket (but you can keep it).What they lack in amenities, they usually make up for in service with some of the friendliest and warmest employees bar none.  It usually equates to a willingness to pay the 10-20 percent higher prices for domestic travel than UAL or Delta.  Usually.Then something goes wrong (sorry this is so long)...Departing LAS via Terminal 3 (Delta's gates).  Announcements from all other airlines can be clearly heard including those of Delta.  All good.  Hawaiian announces a delay of 30 minutes and promises an update at 5:30pm.5:30pm:  Hawaiian agents tell people gathered around the podium that there is a mechanical issue.  Word trickles out.   NO PA ANNOUNCEMENT.5:45pm:  Text message received from Hawaiian announcing further delay but promises update at 6:30pm.6:30pm: ..........7:15pm:  Flight attendants wandering around the terminal talking to groups who look like they are from Hawaii. People start to gather at the podium.  NO PA ANNOUNCEMENT.7:30pm:  Everyone on their phone at the podium.  Better see what is happening.  Told the flight has been grounded.  Passengers must pickup luggage by a grouchy agent ("stop making me repeat myself, just follow everyone else and get your bags").  Take a shuttle to a hotel that will leave in 15 minutes (it takes that long to get to baggage claim).  Flight rescheduled to 7am next day.  Everyone must be back at the airport by 5am.  The supervisor says they are some seats available on the midnight flight so those with high mileage status should wait.8:00pm:  Finally speak to an agent.  No seats on any flight for three days. I know because she just told the person in front of me but still she types stuff into the computer when I'm standing in front of her just to give me the same information.  Better still "the shuttle has left.  You need to go to XXX hotel, find a Hawaiian agent so they can get you checked in then get your meal vouchers"  Sorry, I don't play Where's Waldo.   Opt to get my own room at Mandalay Bay.5:00am:  At the airport.  No Hawaiian agents at the counter.  No 7:00am flight listed on the departure board.5:30am:  Still no agents.  Call 800 number.  Between the "your flight was rescheduled?"  and the "your last name begins with the letter U as in ..."  Hang up.6:00am:  Agent arrives.  Flight has been rescheduled to 12:45pm. "If you went to the hotel with everyone else you would have known that".   When I ask why the didn't text us like they did the night before, I get told "We don't do that".  I show him my phone.  "You must have sent that to yourself".6:15am: Agent logged in and ready to deliver excellent customer service.  I ask if the rescheduled flight is really leaving at 12:45.  "Doubtful, the mechanic is being flown in from Hawaii and has not even landed yet."  Enough is enough.  Rebooked flight days later.  But there is a happy ending...8:00am:  In taxi back to Mandalay Bay on phone with VIP host.  Within five minutes, second room booked, and upgraded to suites, immediate check in assured, and requested fresh juices and fruits to be in suite by the time we open the door.Huge props to Hawaiian's providing generous $300 per person compensation for the problems when they are under NO obligation to do so (Department of Transportation:  http://www.usa.gov/topics/travel/air/resolve-problems/flight.shtml ).  Shamefully poor customer service handling the problems.
4	Loved this airline.. Not the biggest fan anymore. Although they are so so so friendly. Their seats are so comfortable. Our seats wouldn't stay reclined back, kept raising back up. Not a fun flight. the food, use to be tastier.. it was chicken teriyaki! How can you go wrong with that!!! i was dry and the sauce. eh. but its airline food, how good can it be? that was on our return flight from honolulu to las vegas. The wait line was ridiculous on our was from las vegas to Honolulu.. good thing we got there 2 hours prior, they had many issues with getting guests checked in. but we were eventually on our way. they did apologize and thank us for our patience. Although on the flight to honolulu no meal was served , maybe cuz it was a red eye?
2	For my trip in November, I went ahead and paid the extra for first class.  Excellent, but made me realize just how crappy coach is.  Too bad they don't extend just a little of first class to the coach passengers.
4	This is my favorite airlines.  They have a very reliable on time record.  The planes for the most part are clean.  I really enjoy riding the air bus.  I love the early morning red eye flight as one could possibly go to vegas and then land in HNL and still make it to work. (well if you are hard core LOL). The food if even offered on your flight is no frills.  Its not the best and nothing really much more to say but its exactly what first comes to mind when thinking of airlines food. If you know what I mean.  This should be the first airlines to check out if flying out of LAS to HNL and vice versa.
2	It seems as time goes by the rates get higher with Hawaiian Airlines. They used to be as reasonable to hop on a plane from LAS to HNL to spend some family time. However, now it's insane. I tried to book a flight to head home in March at least six months in advance and it was nearly 1000 for two round trip tickets. Sadly with the outrageous price I ended up booking a flight out of LAX to HNL for less than 400. Thanks to SouthWest I flew from LAS to LAX for 120 two round trip tickets. Still less than what I would've paid outright for a direct flight to HNL.
4	When you're far from home, the minute you see a familiar face out in that huge sea of people, you instantly smile. That's how I feel everytime I see the Hawaiian Air Las Vegas ohana... They have that island style spirit that our Hawaii is so famous for. You can tell that they miss home too, in the islands and for them, like us, it's nice to see familiar faces. Hawaiian Airlines has always been my go to carrier when traveling to the west coast and Vegas. They've since moved operations from the old International terminal and now operate out of the new Terminal 3, D concourse. Access by a high speed tram is so easy. The new digs also offer us travelers access to new shops, concessions and yes, slot machines! But getting back to our Hawaiian ohana, it helps to have friendly staff with the Aloha spirit since a lot of times we as travelers need assistance at the gates, etc. I have never felt guilty of like I was bothering any of them whenever I had a question or concern about something. Traveling can be intimidating for some, confusing to others and just downright unpleasant. It sure helps when you have a friendly face to talk to at the beginning of a long journey home and a smile. That alone will cure your anxieties! Keep up the good work Hawaiian!Oh, and btw, be sure to download the Hawaiian Air app if you have a smartphone, it's so convenient and easy to use. Check in, change seats, upgrade, do it all from the app! You'll never be scrambling to find a computer anymore!
1	Purchased flight in 2013, canceled and tried to rebook in 2014. The agent obviously was very inexperienced, for some very odd reason I will never know, he only booked my flight and did not book my husband's. Never even received a confirmation email, so had to call back only to find out they had my correct email address. When I called back to tell them my husband's flight was never booked, they told me they can only book at today's rate, which was $200 more! Why do I have to pay for their mistake? I requested for an investigation to be done...it's been over a month, and no call or e-mail. Never ever are we using Hawaiian airlines!
5	This has been the best experience with ANY airline! They were very accommodating when we traveled with our son. One of the stewards kept bringing son snacks and was entertaining him showing him now to hang 10. The food onboard was good too. They served a continental style breakfast on our early flight to HNL and a dinner on our way back.  The flights have free drinks the whole time. And Monitors behind each headrest. We will is again.
1	Ok... where do we start from?.. first off customer service sux on the phone.. they not even HAWAIIAN and/or english speaking... WTF?... then they dont even know there jobs on how to handle calls because after every question i asked her (yes it was a stupid girl/lady) she had to put me on hold for 5mins each time.. WTF?.. i guess she was asking someone else, or something... and to top it off i had to talk slow and loud jus so she cud fucking understand... WTF?.. second of all im HAWAIIAN and in the military and they dont even give any type of discount and they use the name HAWAIIAN AIRLINES... so fucking shame... third i had to pay for every bag i was bringing on the stupid f#cking airplane.. they charged me for my carry-on and my 1 check-in bag are you fucking serious?.. WTF?... also i paid for prefered seating and wanted to change my take off time... i called them 6 days in advance and asked them if i could and the lady on the phone said i could and that it was free a charge... SHE F#CKING LIED cuz by the time i was done done with the conversation i had to pay a total of 500 extra dollars to change my seat and then she told me i can choose my seat only 24 hours before my flight... so i went online and chose my seat 24 hrs out and then they charged me another 80 dollars for the seats i chose and the seats were NOT even preffered seating... so i got charged double... F#CK HAWAIIAN AIRLINES i will never use them again... so imma now @ the airport early to try to figure this SHT out with someone here and there is NO ONE here.... WTF?........
1	If I could mark 0 stars I would.  The customer service from Hawaiian Airlines has to be THE WORST EVER!  I am in the process of trying to make a change in my reservation.  They changed my ticket, confirmed my ticket and then Mae called me to notify that they had also voided my ticket.  What?  Yes, that is what they did.  In the process I received about 25 different answers for the same question.  I SO regret ever booking a flight with them. Hazel, you are so right when you said the rep's can't even articulate a english speaking conversation that makes sense!  I too, was put on hold for up to 50 minutes.  What horrible horrible customer service! Shame on you Hawaiian Airlines for taking the aloha out of the islands.!
