4	After deciding to visit Edinburgh during December, I tried to find a hotel that was well-located and well-priced with comfortable rooms and Jury's Inn definitely fit the bill! I was beyond pleased with the rooms (really big with a great view!), the location (2 minutes from the Royal Mile) and the price. My only complaint was the internet was an additional charge. I would definitely stay here again!
2	Fairly grim overall, as is normal for this chain.  Furnishings and equipment are all very cheap.  Clean and cheap.
4	It's not charming or atmospheric, but it's bang in the middle of Edinburgh.  All the touristy highlights are at your doorstep.  The rooms are clean, modern and comfortable.  Service is friendly, and breakfast is pretty good for a buffet.  This will serve you well as a tourist--very well priced considering the location and the quality.
2	Location is about all this place has to offer, as it is near to everything - the old and new sides of the city.  The breakfast (which was included in the costs we prepaid through our travel agent) was good, one of the better ones of our trip.Scotland drove us crazy with the "key card must be in the slot otherwise the electricity won't work" and this was the first place we discovered that joy.  Oh but it's "green" design.  Well guess what, we can turn off lights and the TV in America ourselves, but not everyone does that so those ruiners ruined it for the rest of us.  Now we have "green" design.  Thanks. Not.The shower/tub was a really weird high step and it was almost impossible to not get the bathroom completely wet when taking a shower.  The water was intermittently scalding.  Our room was along the side of the building adjacent to hotel trash bins and we got to hear that lovely noise all night and morning, banging lids.  They were also hosting one of the Fringe events here so there was a lot of elevator traffic.The staff were nice about putting our valuables away in the safe, which was in the lobby.  I would recommend this, seems to be a sketchy area.Our "nonsmoking" room REEKED of smoke.  Gross.  Room incredibly humid after 2 showers, no A/C.  I would not stay here again.
3	Central locationA hidden path to the mileWatch out for large groups
4	Very happy with my stay at Jury's Inn and couldn't have picked a better place to stay while in Edinburgh. Located right off the Royal Mile in Old Town, you're right in the center of great restaurants, pubs and night life. You're also 5 minutes walk away from Princes Street and New Town if you're interested in some shopping or a bit less touristy food and nightlife. Since you're so centrally located, there is no need for taxis saving you that little bit of extra money which can be better spent on coffees and pints. Breakfast and a free paper of your choice included each morning. Free wifi and a check out of 12pm. Lounge, coffee shop and residents bar all onsite. Great deals on food if you're staying in the hotel. I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to anyone coming to Edinburgh!
4	Location is perfect!Just uphill from Waverley Station, and a street over from the Royal Mile.There are quite a few restaurants and pubs just a short walk away.The staff here was great, very friendly and willing to suggest a pub or place to eat...even drawing us a map, to a few sites that we wanted to see.The room seemed dated and in need of some work, (paint and new carpet could do wonders).But it was very clean, nice linens & comfortable bed, and great wifi.We had a room facing the station, which had a great view.Overall, a great place to rest after a day or two of walking around Edinbough, will stay here again.
5	Very clean hotel. I was here during the Edinburgh Fringe Festival. They had a good breakfast and I do not recall having to pay for wifi. The staff were also friendly and locked up our luggage for us when we arrived several hours early for check in. Close to everything. While I give this 5 stars, there is no air conditioner or fan in the room, so if you're accustomed to this, give that dream up, however, it was cool even in August so you really don't need it.
