4	If you need anything for Law Enforcement...go here!  They have tons of boots, pants, shirts, jackets, etc.  I get pants for work here because they have a nice selection of 511 for women.  My husband, dad and I all get boots for work here...once again we all really like 511 and they have the best selection!They have tons of other brands...plus they can order anything you need and get once a week shipments.  Very convient and helpful!
2	Came here with the husband because he needed to buy gear for his job. This is a nice store for uniforms and equipment. The merchandise was very organized and the store was clean. Unfortunately, customer service is pretty bad here.My husband saw a pair of shoes that he liked and wanted to try them on. One employee was busy helping another customer with tailoring, and two other employees were laughing and talking in one of the back rooms with the door wide open. Funny thing is that I'm pretty sure they saw us, along with 2 other customers wanting to try on shoes. Yet, they decided to ignore us all! After waiting for a while, we decided to go up to the counter to ask for help. Someone finally helped us, but disappeared shortly after bringing out the shoes. We wanted to buy them, but no one came to the register, as we stood there for 5 minutes. We handed the shoes to the employee who was still busy with a customer in the tailoring section and left.Horrible customer service! I don't see how this place stays in business when they don't want to help their customers or even pay attention to what is going on in the store! Definitely would not recommend. We decided to spend our money nearby at American Shooters. Yes, they are a little bit more expensive, but the employees are friendly and they care about their customers!
4	Straight and to the point, no BS. Totally what these stores should be. This place could be a bit more friendly which is why it doesn't get the last star but its really not a big deal. Id rather give this a 4.5.
1	if i could give a place 0 stars i would! this place deserves 0 stars. I am prior military and am now in the security field. unfortunately, i cannot go to many other places to find the things i need for my job, so i have to return to this horrible place. sure, the prices are good but the costumer service in this establishment is just unacceptable! if you ask for something the "employees" just give you an attitude and act completely stand-offish. nobody is willing to help you here. i had to order 3 polo shirts for my job and when i went to pick them up they forgot one, told me to pick it up in two days and they'll hem up my current shirts by then as well. when i returned, they forgot to hem up my shirts and the other one wasn't ordered yet!! i went to complain and the only response i got back was " sorry for the inconvenience, we've been very backed up lately, just be back in a week and it SHOULD be here" wow..that's it?since i couldn't do anything about that i decided to pick up my flashlight since i was there anyways, i stood in front of the cash register for 15 minutes, in an almost empty store..the employees saw me but most of them payed no mind, i started getting aggravated and i went to find someone who could ring me up. the lady there said shed be there in a second and finally send me some guy to do it. the guy made NO EYE CONTACT AND SAID NOTHING. no "how was your day" or " did you find everything ok" he didn't even tell me my total, he just put his hand out like i knew how much i was paying. i said " how much" and he responded with 120 even though the flashlight was on sale for 90..hmm. anyways, i hate this place, i highly dislike the people here. if i can avoid going here, i will.
1	I could find better customer service in Gitmo. You walk in and things look nice and organized. However the people at the desk on the right hand side of the store won't even look up to acknowledge that you are there. If they do see you they immediately remember that they have a phone call to make and pick up the phone. Try to ask them a question. They will point to the floor and say, "it's over there". I wasn't even looking for an item I was looking for someone to help me find an item I had ordered. Then after asking again I was told. You need to talk to another person. I waited for about 5-7 min while she finished her conversation with her coworker then she sighed got up and went to the back to get the person I needed. It's good to see that this recession has made people value their jobs. Way to go Quartermasters.
1	I went into this store following the advice of many people I met in my new line of work. I walked into the store not even sure they were even open. No one greeted us, my daughter and I, and so I sort of loudly spoke about what I needed to find so that one the random persons inside the store might recognize my call for help. We were not assisted, and never spoken to during our entire tour of the store. We walked around hoping someone would say SOMETHING after 5 minutes or so I was impatient and decided to leave and check out American Shooters around the corner. There we were greeted, assisted, and made the purchases I needed. No thanks to Quartermasters two, possibly 3 employees, one was drawing on a dry erase board, and two ladies gossiping behind a desk.
