4	Just got done with "lunch" at Scramble, Sunnyslope's newest breakfast spot! They've only been open since Monday (this is their fourth day in operation) so I expect some adjustments will happen over time... here are my initial thoughts, after one visit:They've definitely improved the old 1980s Le Peep interior!! This contemporary new look is perfect for the neighborhood! The set up is kind of like Sauce, where you file past menu boards as you approach the register to order. You'll be given a number to place on your table so food can be delivered to you. There's an island station for drinks, condiments (ketchup and Tabasco) and silverware (although the cups are paper). The chairs are silver and resemble plastic lawn furniture but are made from a lightweight metal (caution: they are VERY noisy when they clank against one another as you drag a chair to move it!). Not necessarily a seat you would want to settle into, but, hey! We're here to eat, right? There are large TVs mounted throughout the dinning area which I have mixed feelings about - I get very distracted by the closed caption because I'm sucker enough to believe FOX or CNN when they alert: "breaking news."My lunchmate and I tried one of their "signature breakfast pizzas" called Brizzas ($8). A puffy, crust covered with creamy scrambled eggs. Ours was topped with mushrooms and decorated with a few leaves of spinach, fresh sprigs of thyme and melted cheese. While the eggs were perfect, the pizza did not have the flavor punch I had expected. That said, the eggs were very good and I'm looking forward to trying an omelet ($9) or breakfast burrito ($7) on another visit. Although, I'm not sure I can say it will be my next one because the cinnamon rolls which are baked fresh daily in house or the pancakes (buttermilk, multigrain, caramelized banana, vanilla peach, seasonal berry, chocolate chip or peanut butter chip) may divert my attention. Also, the Santa Fe eggs benedict ingredients of jalapeno corn bread, blackened ham and chipotle hollandaise are tempting...Scramble is open from 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. so they do have some lunch offerings (served after 11 a.m.). We also split the simple salad: butter lettuce, tomato, avocado and onion with a lemon vinaigrette. The salad was fine. Tasty fresh ingredients (I spied some more thyme in the salad too) and was chocked full of avocado, but I don't think the portion was enough to satisfy as a meal and that made the price seem a little steep ($7.50).I'm looking forward to walking to Scramble on a lazy morning and taking advantage of the outdoor seating along 7th Street while I sip coffee, read the paper and chow down on some pancakes.Hey, Scramble, welcome to the neighborhood! Glad to have ya!!
4	My husband and I are always looking for new breakfast places to try and after coming across Christina P.'s review, Scramble sounded worthy of trying out. When you enter you order at the counter, then you are given a number and wait for your meal at your table. I found the menu to offer a nice amount of delicious sounding meals. I debated between carmelized banana pancakes, vanilla peach pancakes, pigs in a blanket or one of the brizza's (breakfast pizza). Both my husband and I ordered brizza's. He got the gouda and bacon and I ordered the garlic spinach and mushroom pizza.The wait for food was at least 20 minutes, but they were pretty busy this morning and seeing as they are pretty new I wasn't bothered. The brizza's were very tasty. I like how the scrambled egg was all thru out the pizza and not just a lump of eggs plopped on top of the pizza. The gouda and bacon pizza tasted similar to a breakfast sandwich. I found it to be a bit cheesy, but still good. The garlic spinach and mushroom pizza was also very good. I think the crust for the pizza's needs a bit more flavor, but it's not bad.One this day Scramble was very busy and their beverage area is located in the middle of the restaurant and when this place is busy it becomes slightly unnerving to manuver around the drink area. I look forward to going back and trying out the pancakes and southwestern breakfast burrito.My only complaint, one of their tv's was tuned to Fox News, but hey I'm there to eat not watch tv.
4	It finally opened! The sign has been on the building for at least 3 seasons, maybe more, but the wait was worth it. We needed a breakfast spot in this central area sorely. The order system is like Pei Wei, line up and order at the counter get a number and sit down. Bad news, the wait was long, the good news, the food is great. I guess, I revealed that I'm impatient and want instant gratification. Thank God that they gave me a cup for coffee after we ordered and got our number to pin on the table on those "Alligator Clips". Every time I use those things, I flash back to the early 70's using those clips for that last toke that then gave the super munchies.Coffee, $2.50 a cup for a bottomless cup with plenty of choices and in a to go cup. Atmosphere.....very hip look, open ceilings, nice patio, great colors and great sayings on the wall to remind us of cool sayings to remember while we nosh. Breakfast came pretty quickly considering how many people were in the restaurant . I had a breakfast burrito that was plump and was plenty of food. I just hoped for more....maybe those alligator clips reminded me of the munchies of the 70's. Sandra had a cinnamon roll and although I thought it could have been bigger....she enjoyed and said "It was fine and filling".Saw several friends there, all overweight and they said the portions were very satisfying. This is stupid but I love it. The Dyson hand dryers in the bathroom. They are the best. I'll be back for more and they can earn that fifth star I'm sure.
4	Great spot.   Finally a breakfast spot you can actually get in to (so far).Had a spicy breakfast burrito that was great.And the spicy eggs benedict thing that I really liked, although the sauce was spicy.Also had a Hash Browns thing that was awesome.And some turkey sausage that was tasty, but the look and texture was funny.  Fast service, tons of food and a great location.
3	Made my 2nd visit to scramble today.  Service style is like Pei Wei... Order get a number etc.  Decor is bright industrial style, the ubiquitous and pointless TVs everywhere as well.   Drinks are all self serve.  It is good to have another breakfast alternative.  Previously, I was there for breakfast and had on of the omelets.  Good and filling.  Took 15 minutes or so to get the food.2/3 of the menu is breakfast with just a few choices for lunch (3 sandwiches, 2 soups and some salads).On this visit I had the Turkey Sandwich and dining partner had a Breakfast "Gringo" burrito.    We did wait about 15-20 minutes again for the food and the place had only 10 people there.  The sandwich was tasty and came with a few chips ($9).  The Burrito ($7)  is large with LOTS (maybe too much) cheese sauce.  He liked it though.  Drinks are pricey ($4 for OJ?).Bottom Line:  It is a decent breakfast place but I wouldn't go out of my way to lunch there.
4	I love places that open before 7AM.  I'm an early bird.  Showed up at Scramble for the first time at 6:04 this morning to be greated by clean modern decor, and a friendly staff.  We tried the brizza (breafast pizza) with bacon and gouda, the gringo burrito, a cinnamon roll and coffee.  The portions are generous - not usually a selling point for me, but it more than justifies the price, which for the burrito is about double the price at a 'berto's (pick a 'berto, any 'berto).  The brizza was excellent.  I'm looking forward to the leftover half for lunch.  The gringo burrito was indeed gringo-y as advertised; fresh eggs, cripy bacon, lots of melted cheese.  Red salsa on the side (I wonder if they have green?) Not being a  melted cheddar fan, I'll have to ask them to hold that next time.  Cinnamon role was servicable - not crazy carbs-be-damned  good, but tasty.  I look forward to making use of the expanded patio.Ergonomics report:  The benches are confortable!  How often does THAT happen??  Just the right height and depth to provide comfortable back support within reach of the table.  And the staff happily changed the TV channel from cartoons to CNN at our request.
4	Kind of an industrial jetson's theme (check out the entry to the restrooms, very cool).  Staff was friendly, food was very good.  Get the gouda and applewood bacon brizza!  its large enough for two or for heating up in the oven the next day.Drinks and sides are a bit pricey.  But I'll be back soon for another brizza, its one of the best things I've had for breakfast in a long time.  Delicious!
4	Usually when the cashier informs you the menu is out of date it means what you wanted to order is no longer available or the price went up.  Not so this time, they are still in the mode of adjusting to initial customer comments and the $9 omelet now includes one side AND a bread.  That brings the price point in line with what I consider a regular breakfast choice instead of a special occasion breakfast.None of that would matter if the food wasn't good.  I had the western omelet with english muffin and bacon.  The bacon is cherry wood smoked and a perfect firm but not crispy.  The omelet had ham, peppers and grilled onions.  And the muffin came with real butter.  I almost forgot to take a picture before I dug in.  All of the food and coffee was good.I got there at 6:01 and was greeted with a smile.  She did admit she has to work at being a morning person.  I had the entire place to myself until just before I left.  My food was out very quickly.  Thanks to Donny T's review I remembered to grab my table service before the food arrived.  I even found the place headed south without becoming a traffic hazard.  Scramble shares the building with Il Posto.  At the time of the morning I am about it isn't hard to get there and get to work.  Even though it is a ways away I am sure I will find my way back again.
3	This place was a little posh and frou frou for me. It made me feel like I was back in California, however the food and service was good.I had a Brizza (Breakfast Pizza), and while it was a little greasy, it was good. Pizza crust, egg, bacon and cheese (i substituted the Gouda for cheddar).
4	The husband and I went here for breakfast the other morning at about 9 am.  The patio was about 2/3 full but the inside was empty.  When you first walk in, you are greeted with menus that are extremely reminiscent of Pei Wei.  Turns out, you order the exact same way at said restaurant and you even get a number and choose your own table.  As I sat waiting for my food, I contemplated whether or not this concept worked well for breakfast.  The place started getting busy about 3 minutes after we sat down and I discovered the concept works quite well.So many things on the menu looked delicious, and I had a hard time deciding what to get.  For starters, they have pancakes with peanut butter chips!  YUM!  Any restaurant that does peanut butter chip pancakes gets bonus points from me.  The rest of the menu varies from omelets to brizzas (breakfast pizzas) to good ol pigs in a blanket.  The husband and I decided to share a few things.  We got the peanut butter chip pancakes, the pigs in a blanket, and a cinnamon roll.  The pancakes were awesome and HUGE!  After just one I was already feeling full.  The pigs in a blanket were absolutely delicious, primarily because of the yummy and kind of spicy breakfast link.  The cinnamon roll was also tasty, nice and fresh, but not too cinnamony.  Back to the concept of this place... once it had started to pick up again in terms of customers, I noticed how quickly the cashier was able to clear out the line.  I also noticed that the food was coming out at a really quick pace, and absolutely nothing sat on the line waiting to be served.  It works really well, but I am most interested in seeing how it works when the place gets absolutely slammed.Overall, this is an excellent place to try.  You will not be disappointed with your fresh and delicious breakfast that doesn't make you feel heavy and gross after you leave.  A cool place for sure.
4	My husband and I went to Scramble this morning for breakfast for the 1st time.This new restaurant is very clean, has a great atmosphere and the staff was very friendly.  We ordered 2 meals + 2 coffees and the bill was $20...that seemed very reasonable.  I had the Gringo Breakfast Burrito and my husband had the Brizza (Breakfast Pizza)  We actually could have split the Brizza actually. The meal portions were quite large (we have leftovers for tomorrow's breakfast!). Great value.We met the owner and he was very nice :)It wasn't too loud, which we like, because it's our time to chat...quiet jazz music playing in the background; not too loudly!Our food was very tasty.  Coffee was good too.We will definitely be going back to try the other items on the menu.
5	What a great idea.  This is almost the perfect breakfast place.  It really seems to get you in and get you out quickly.  I will definitely be back.Walking in, you feel like you are in a Pei Wei that has working lights.  The place is bright and colorful - great to help you wake up.  The menu is along the side of the entrance (just like Pei Wei) and you order at the counter.  You place your order, get your number, and find a seat.The food selection is pretty awesome.  Peanut butter chip pancakes, pigs in a blanket, cinnamon rolls, french toast...it all sounds so good.  We ordered a smattering of things to try and they were all great.  The pancakes that we ordered were buttermilk and they were great.  Light and fluffy with a cinnamony butter and maple syrup.  Good stuff.  The sausage was nice and spicy inside the pigs in a blanket.  It was great.I can't wait to go back to Scramble.  Not as good as Matt's but it feels like a healthier breakfast that you could actually consume without waiting outside for an hour.
4	Scramble has become a new favorite spot for breakfast... and clearly from the number of people that are packed in on any given visit, I am not alone. This is one of those places that I had to ignore my first impressions. My initial thought was 'oh dear, another trendy spot that never lives up to the hype". And with it's wall menu and counter ordering, it is a trendy. But there are several points that clearly raise the comfort level. Between the wall of windows and bright lighting there is an airy feel to the place. The drink bar in the center of the room is a five-star bonus IMO. Yes, I have been accused of being a control freak in the past (and they say it like it's a bad thing...) but I love being able to create the perfect cup of coffee, suited for my tastes and mine alone. The tables, while very close together are always serviced immediately to accommodate the constant inflow of patrons. And even though the place always seems to be brimming to the rim, I have never felt rushed through either my meal or my paper. I also love the various selections on the flat screens that encircle the room. There is literally something for everyone (and how many people can actually say that they shared their yogurt parfait with Ed Begley Jr. on GTV?!!). Now for the food. I've been enough times to have sampled quite a few offerings and have even begun to create a list of favorites. On the top of that favorite list is the Gringo-Cherrywood bacon, egg & cheddar cheese Breakfast Burrito. This thing is large enough for two, or a second meal and is literally stuffed full of the perfect balance of egg, meat, and cheese! Ask for extra salsa, because one cup is not nearly enough for this big boy!!! The Brizzas (breakfast pizzas) and French Toast (baguette slices dipped in vanilla custard) are also tops on my list. As far as sides go, the Scramble Hash Browns are a must have! They seem to take a little longer to make and are really more of a hash brown/bacon/cheese tart-lette which are browned to perfection. I have literally had to defend mine from incoming utensils and believe that a quick thrust of the fork to the back of the offenders hand is quite an effective technique... My only real criticism of the place is that if you have placed separate orders, your food may not be served at the same time. But this is so minor in comparison to the quality and the fact that clearly everything is made to order (not pre-done and waiting to be placed on a plate), that I can't really hold this against them. Then again, it may simply be that I have an addiction to those hash brown cakes! ; ) On-line ordering is coming to their website and that will add an additional level of love for this place. This is a welcome addition to the breakfast scene and if you are in need of some flavorful morning num-nums, Scramble on over!
3	This is not just any old breakfast joint, its a bright and shiny one!  The decor is fab, very clean and modern.  I love the little writting phrases on the walls.  As far as good things about this joint, thats about it...I did not like the order from the counter, fast food kinda deal here.  I like more of a welcoming relax vibe you usually get at independently own businesses, especially breakfast joints.As for the food, just ah...nothing special or overly exciting to choose from, just your usual suspects..and the price...ah..not to high but not budget friendly either...Will I come back?  Maybe if  I am in a rush or just want to enjoy having some juice out in their patio,...
4	4.5 stars: The Santa Fe eggs benedict are good, a little sweet, and depending on how much you like to consume for breakfast enough to feed two. And, I recently enjoyed a three cheese omelette which was delish, especially because of the boursin cheese! The omelette is a great option when you kinda want pancakes too because you get to choose a side and dollar cakes are an option. BUT, the Southwestern breakfast burrito is my FAVORITE!! Holy cow!! Sooo cheesey and packed with ground chorizo. I think the jalapeno cream cheese must be the "special sauce" that makes this quite possibly the best breakfast burrito I have ever had!! I ate HALF of this bad boy one morning and didn't get hungry again until dinner!
4	So good. so good. so goodthe only thing that was bothersome was how long it took for our food to arrive. But once it got there, i shut up and enjoyed my yummy breakfast. :)
5	Great food and wonderful environment. Sat outside on patio; very enjoyable. I had the chorizo brizza, breakfast parfait and OJ. (Yes, way too much food. I'm eating the rest of my brizza and parfait for dinner right now!) Highly recommend the brizza. So good!Customer service was wonderful, too. I went inside to get a to go box, and was looking around for about 10 seconds. Before I had the opportunity to ask for one, I was approached by someone who worked there inquiring how he could help me.
3	sorry...just cannot gush over a breakfast, something I can easily make at home.Place is nice, waits were not interminable but it seemed longer than average breakfast wait for food.Eggs, we're talking about eggs...either you make them right or you don't. Heck, I've done just as well at Waffle House for much less.Anyone who gives this (or any) breakfast place 5 stars must be seriously cooking challenged.
3	I dig Scramble, their breakfast pizzas and french toast are great. The hashbrowns with cheese and bacon is also good, but I really can't get over how slightly pricey they are considering what you get. Pretty much everything is ala carte. There really isn't a complete meal on the menu. The yummy french toast comes alone. Yeah, you get a lot of french toast, but really nearly $7 for just french toast? It should come with a side of bacon or hash browns. After you add a side your breakfast not including a drink is $10. I just think it's a tad high considering I could go most anywhere else and get a complete meal for less. I can't spend $30 on breakfast for me and my husband when A) we aren't getting full on meals and B) if I'm not getting any boozy breakfast drinks. Still, I do enjoy breakfast here.
3	For my favorite person in the world's sake, I wanted to write a raving review of this place. Sorry Christina P, I just cannot do it. Honestly, not one thing impressed me. In fact, I did not particularly care for my three cheese omelet. The hash browns are pre-made with bacon, so I could not order them being a vegetarian. The pancakes were really thick, and I only like thin things. The outdoor patio is nice. Unfortunately it was super windy the day we went. The prices are relatively reasonable. It's not good, it's not bad. I'm sure I would eat there again if I was in the area and needed to eat really bad, but I wouldn't make the trip up there again.
4	I love, love Scramble! I don't know what it is about the place! Is it the sleek and simple decor? Hmm, is it the friendly, attentive service? Is it the supa yum food? Perhaps all of the above make me a fan of this joint! I so love Scramble ( Did I say that already?). On my first visit, I was with Mr. Hottie and we were Harley geared out . The staff didn't bat an eyelash at our rough appearances. They were warm and welcoming. I had the traditional eggs Benedict. I thought it was very good! I washed it down with a cup of coffee and was ready to tackle the rest of my day! On my second visit I had the biscuits and gravy. WHAT a huge portion! I wasn't terribly impressed by the dish, however. I guess I expected a little more flavoring in the gravy, but overall, the dish was satisfying. My third visit had me munching on the spicy and tasty chorizo and egg burro with extra avocado. Mmm... I couldn't eat the whole burro. I ate almost half of it and took the rest home. Each time I visit Scramble I am impressed by the staff. There is a person on the floor at all times checking on people and making sure their food is ok. Considering this is a walk up and order type of place, it's a nice change to not be forgotten after you receive your food. I know that Scramble will be a regular breakfast stop for me. It's nice to see such a great place take a chance on Sunnyslope. I think they'll come out winners!
2	This isn't a chain, is it? It feels like a chain... it tastes like a chain... the food is just too prefab. Prefab is OK for cheap housing and fast food, but not for a place that charges about $10- $12 per person for breakfast. Food is OK... nothing special. They have a well rounded menu with lots of options, but none are so special or so delicious that I would write home about it. For me, it's close, convenient and fast... other than that, I would choose someplace else.
4	I've always wondered what a breakfast pizza would be like and I finally found out at my visit to Scramble. I ordered up the Garlic Spinach, Thyme & Mushroom brizza (which also comes with some type of cheese, possibly provolone). This thing was delish! My girl ordered up the ham & cheddar brizza, but she liked mine even more and proceeded to steal one of my slices.Scramble also scores extra points with me for having loose-leaf teas. I got a cup of the Gun-Powder Green Tea Mint, which was very good.We were bummed that the hashbrowns were pre-made with bacon inside, as it made them no option for vegetarians like me.We sat outside at their very slick & shaded outdoor patio and dining area. Cmon down, ya gotta try a breakfast pizza!
2	I hate to be the yolk-beater on a place that's getting such glam reviews, but there are some rather odd cracks in this breakfast place's shell. First off, let me say that I applaud the pay-first, seat yourself business model and the neighborhood enterprise spirit. The staff and management seem cheerful and eager to please. However there are a few things that really ought to be attended to. 1) High-shine metallic finish outdoor tables. Since this is in fact a breakfast joint and, as is its custom, the sun comes up in the east (as the owners perhaps noted as they were remodeling the former Peeps), and the patio faces east, couldn't they have also noticed that patrons can go blind from the glare of the high-tech looking eating surface of their patio tables? Clearly, management was going for a clean, shiny, polished metal look, but really, many of the tables become simply unusable as the sun climbs over the horizon. 2) My dining companion and I attempted to sit outside at 8:30 am on a beautiful early June Sunday only to find our ears assaulted by pounding disco tunes from the overhead speakers on the patio. Sure, we could have moved to another table, but the only available tables with overhead umbrellas would be blinding us with the glare of the reflected morning sun (from the east, y'know). We realized that management probably just used a standard playlist...but didn't anyone check to see (a) the volume outside, and (b) the actual playlist? The music would have been perfectly suitable for a dance club at 9pm...but not for a breakfast place. 3) Since the restaurant fronts busy 7th St, would it kill them to plant a few shrubs or trees as a sound and sight barrier to an otherwise nasty view? Or maybe that's what the pounding disco music was supposed to counteract. 4) I know Scramble is getting high marks for their innovative menu, but I grade a breakfast place on one item: how much care they take with a simple item like an English muffin. I'm sure omelets and specialty items are delightful. But the toast or muffin at a breakfast place is often treated as a throw-away, a garnish. Not for me. If the cook-staff can't even toast a muffin without turning it into cardboard, I'm not going to be too impressed with their other fare. The muffin I had would have made a perfectly good coaster for a drink -- flat, hard and dry -- but it was not a food item.
2	Scramble indeed. Scramble away from this place and into your neighborhood IHOP or Village Inn...at least you'll pay less for equally dismal food. I expected so much more from a new neighborhood place, especially one that's gotten some good reviews and publicity. First of all, I like the system of ordering at the counter for casual lunch and dinner places, but there's something about breakfast that it's ill-suited for. Breakfast is just a full service kind of meal, at least to me. The decor/design is certainly nice and modern, but I wish the food matched. With the exception of their "brizzas" (breakfast pizzas), their menu items are the kinds of basic things you'd find at any chain (actually, there's less selection than many chains). We tried the pancakes (we asked for 2 buttermilk and one multigrain) with carmelized bananas. They brought out the pancakes first and then said the bananas would just be a couple minutes. When they finally brought it out, it was one banana halved and carmelized, for three large pancakes - terrible presentation. The pancakes themselves were no better than IHOP. The eggs benedict was equally disappointing - they were served in an ocean of hollandaise sauce, the ham was a tad too salty, and the english muffins were soggy. Originally, I thought of trying one of the "brizzas" since they're unique to this place, but I'm glad I didn't. The woman next to me was eating one - it was basically eggs and cheese on a raw-looking flat dough. She didn't appear to be enjoying it at all, picking the eggs off and leaving the dough. I guess I'll be sticking to The Breakfast Club when I do breakfast out.
4	Great place to eat, especially if your in a hurry,but I usually take my time with breakfast.  The place is nice and clean and lit up.Killler spicy benedict.  everything 've eaten there has been really good and plenty of it.  Menu has some interesting things.  One being what they call a Brizza, their take on a breakfast Pizza.  A couple of differetn kinds of them.The only drawback I had...the free standing chairs and tables in the front area can get a little crowded.  May need to lose a couple of them.  Nice large patio though.   Over all its the best breakfast goin in the neighborhood.
5	Scramble is a breath of hip air in the otherwise mundane north valley.  It adds a bit of flare with it's college hip atmosphere (although at times thrown off by the families and senior citizens, but hey....they're all cool too!) into the border of Sunnyslope and Moon Valley.  The food is a wonderful fusion of classic/southwest and it is all as healthy as it can be (come on, how healthy can sausage and loads of butter be?).  If you sit out on the patio, your reward will be a beautiful of Sunnyslope with the mountain preserve as your backdrop, and a nice sunrise to lighten the whole thing up if you make it early enough.  Definitely one of the best breakfast/brunch places in the North Valley.  Hopefully this catches on..............
4	Best hash browns I have had!What a fun breakfast "joint"  Hip clean interior friendly staff, and food that is just tasty.  Prices aren't bad and the environment is great, highly recommended.
3	I almost went with "meh"... I had a lazy morning so I decided to venture far, far away from my CenPho hangouts and try out this bfst place I'd heard bunches about.   Sigh, I thought it was around Glendale and it wasn't... it's way way north.  I could almost touch the Pointe at Tapatio, and was about to turn around when I saw it's big bright sign.   Okay, yay!  Breakfast.  I was hungry by then.So I go in, and, sigh... I have to stand and study the big plastic menu boards, very similar to Pei Wei's... mix and match, each item priced individually, pick an omelette and add some sides of your choice.... sigh, it's a chain.  Or if it's not a chain they decided that looking like a chain was the way to go.  Not for me.Interior is uber clean, give 'em that.Kinda too efficient, too slick.   Midcentury modern styling with the Toledo aluminum chairs, cool colors and styling - they got it goin' on in that way. But for breakfast, I just wanna sit down and order off a menu.   This is that "fast casual" style where you order at the counter and they'll give you a number you clip to a stand at your table. Service was friendly.   The food was good.  I had a veggie omelette, rosemary potatoes and some pancakes.Oh they blew it with the syrup.  Yes I'm a syrup snob.   Aunt Jemima fans:  don't ever, ever try real maple syrup from Vermont because you can never use that thick gloppy fake syrup again.   Yes, Scramble serves that thick, gloppy fake syrup stuff.  The pancakes were just a little less than "okay" - a little too rubbery, a little too thick, a little too dry, and got cold fast.   And that icky fake syrup doesn't help. Anyway, this place is okay, but I wouldn't ever go back because it was a looooong drive for me.   I'll stick with my faves: Matt's Big Breakfast, Over Easy, and I'll keep mourning the loss of my beloved Palatte.  Sigh.
4	Finally made it here for breakfast today.  Very tasty!  I had the Denver omelet, bacon and iced tea.  The omelet was fluffy and just the right size.  Fantastic English muffin on the side.  The interior was spacious, bright and very clean.  Love the quirky quotes on the wall. Will definitely be back.
2	on a never-ending quest for a delicious hangover cure breakfast, scramble seemed like a legit place to check out. unfortunately, there is absolutely nothing special here. even by the looks of the pictures people posted - i've seen and eaten better breakfast food. hell i've made better breakfast food. yes, the place is super cool inside. plasma tv's are everywhere and i made the mistake of sitting on the side where all the tv's were playing childrens shows. yet i saw no children in the entire place. anyways, i'm not so sure about the pay first and seat yourself restaurant concept, as i feel like i paid the same for the food minus the service. and i don't like having to get up twice in a meal to get more syrup, or tabasco, or a refill. the food, like i said, was average. like, really average. we went with the meat omelet with an english muffin and hashrbowns, and the peanut butter chip pancakes with a side of bacon. a coffee and an iced tea. the iced tea was horrible and the fountain machine was out of ice. we axed that and picked up another coffee, bold. good coffee. the bacon was chewy and had no flavor to it, and it was two measly pieces for $3. the pancakes were dry and overcooked. the hashbrowns were approached in a strange way by the scramble chefs- they had bacon in them. they came out in a circular lump. the omelet lacked any flavor and the eggs were of a spongy, hard texture. it was all unappetizing, and it looked as bad as it tasted.really unimpressed. this space has potential to be cool. maybe i came on an off day where the chefs were hungover too. two stars for the coffee and atmosphere.
5	hands down, i love breakfast food... i like eating it for lunch and dinner.  scramble has a fun flare for egg lovers....and if you have ever been to half moon sports gril-- they're the same owners.  ... back to the eggs... mine were made perfect to order, the service was friendly, the atmosphere was a "morning-feel, fun, hip, breakfast-joint."even better when you're with friends and saving money!  here's a free printable coupon on a local website supporting arizona locals.  http://www.the-penny-pinchers.com/Category.aspx?srchcity=&srchstore=scramble&srchzip=zip
2	This place gets two stars from me, and one of them is for its design.  It's the kind of place that I really, really, wanted to like and didn't.  It's inviting from outside and the inside does "spartan-chic"  very well.  The eating, experince, however, was nothing short of disappointing.  My dining companion commented that it felt like a cafeteria.  There was no service to speak of, and I had to fetch my drink out of a refrigerator.  You'd think that would keep the price down, wouldn't you?  Well, it didn't.I ordered the pigs-in-a-blanket, and the blanket was awful.  I ended up eating the pigs, which were uncanny in appearance and taste to the sausage links that my high-school band sold as a fund-raiser. A downer of a place in more ways than one, not the least of which is that its decor is writing checks that its food isn't cashing.
4	I  know I will be going back to Scramble.. I can definitely see this becoming one of my go to places to meet friends, or get breakfast on way across town or just to treat the family on the weekend..  After the recent UYE here for Foster Kids ( A group I hold especially dear)  I really can't wait to take others here..Scramble could be  a great place in my list of restaurants because of a few reasons ..1. Located on 7th street  near many of my friends  who live in Central Phoenix or Moon Valley  -great for the girls to eat before going on a day outing 2.Food is served with a walk up line and  served fast ..that means not fussing with waiter, or  waiting for service and you eat good but quick3. The food is tasty  , while maybe not rich  or decadent or over the topthe food is great tasting  but without leaving you feeling like you need a nap. Food quality is good , it taste like they just made it in Grandmas kitchen without adding a lot of grease. 4. It's got that modern coolness thing  going on ...Atmosphere does say something specially when you are meeting friends... Thanks Scramble for your unique niche in my mental list of places to eat breakfast....  now if you only served Brinner every night!
4	The french toast was fun!  It was a baquette bread dipped in vanilla custard.  I just read a review that mentioned dipping it into the syrup and I'm going to try that next time.  I also had a bite of the chocolate chip cookie that was soft and had a good flavor to it.   The menu was also helpful in identifying foods that travel well, in case you want to take your order to go.
3	Reminds me of Pei Wei or Noodles style menu, ordering, and service procedure - which is a good thing, because this model fits nicely between cheap fast food and overpriced, overtipped servers at full service places.  Prices aren't bad either.  It fits the niche quite well with reasonable prices, decent clean atmosphere, and above average food (especially the jalapeno cornbread).  Nothing spectacular here though, and I certainly would not go out of my way to eat here as far as the food goes.
4	Went here for PJ's - Breakfast for dinner night.  I like this place.  I was glad to have a good excuse to visit.  Hang out with friends, help those in need, eat some good food.I went pretty plain on the Denver omelette..  I may have tried the chorizo, but I had hit my chorizo quota for the week already.. The place is clean.  Servers are friendly.  They have funny quotes on the walls (love the Steven Wright one...)I will return..  Maybe even for actual breakfast.
3	A-OK...but nothing that jumps out and says "man-o-man do you have ot get your ass back here" (except maybe the badass Rosie the Riveter tattoo one of the servers had).I had hte veggie omelette with biscuits and bacon hashbrowns. I don't want to sound as though I didn't enjoy it...I did...but I felt like something was missing, some amazing piece of the puzzle.Scramble is one of those places that could probably be my go-to spot if they just had one menu item (preferrably a side) that stood out and that you couldn't get anywhere else. If this item exists and I missed it please someone fill me in...You order at the front counter and pay then they bring it out to you. This is kindof a saving grace if you are in a hurry. For instance if you were out too late bowling and drinking and crashed on Amber W's couch and probably should be at work already but there is no way you are going without breakfast and since you managed to leave your debit card at the bowling alley Amber W offers to buy you breakfast....because this happens sometimes.
1	I have been wanting to try Scramble for a while - being excited about having a new breakfast place in the neighborhood. I went this morning with two others who also had not been there. We all were very disappointed. It is pretty close to fast food, but the prices were along the line of a regular sit down, full service restaurant. The only service you get is they bring you your food - everything else is self serve.  All of this wouldn't be so bad if the food was great - but sorry to say it was not. I  had eggs benedict - the WORST I have ever had -$8. It first came to me with the egg pretty much raw - the white  part was all clear like it looks when you first crack the egg open. I had to take it back myself to the order desk. The person was very nice though. I waited a while - the others I  was with were now half way done and I had to ask someone about my meal. Someone brought it to me - only this time it was way overdone - the yolk was very hard. I then asked for the manager - he apologized and then had it redone. This time the egg part was correct. However I have to say also the hollandaise sause was not good - very thick. The other two with me each had a cheese omelette. Neither cared for it much. One had hash browns - very average - and one had bacon - kind of too smokey. One had the Jalapeno Corn Bread which was good. I had a side of  dollar pancakes - and honestly I make better ones with Aunt Jemima mix.  This was a lot like cafeteria food. The manager did not deduct anything for my eggs benedict problem, but instead gave me a card to come back for a free eggs benedict. I'm thinking - No Thank You!!!
3	I decided to go out on a limb and give scramble another chance. after my bland experience with them the first time, but my akin likeness for modernized breakfast joints drew me back. I brought a book and some paper to read and take notes for homework and arrived backpack in hand, and hungry for a hearty breakfast. southwestern breakfast burrito sounds delicious, chorizo, eggs, and jalepeno cream cheese?! I'll take it.  disappointed with the meaty-cheesy hashbrowns from last time, I went with the rosemary potatoes as suggested to me by the owner regarding my last yelp review. counter girl informs me sorry, we're out of rosemary potatoes. shock, gasp, awe. went for their signature hashbrowns again, reluctantly. regular coffee. $14.50. my jaw nearly hit the floor. scramble could stand to reduce their prices a little. my order arrived about ten minutes later, almost too hot to dig in at first. i sat at the window on a stool, which was quite comfortable, and enjoyed the rainy morning. dug into the hashbrowns first, drizzled with some cholula. they were a lot better than last time, and i enjoyed every last bite of them. as for the burrito, i tried it at first without the jalepeno cream cheese, salsa, or sour cream, because they all came on the side. what was, for one bite, a seemingly bland breakfast burrito, became a spicy breakfast sensation with all of the aforementioned sides spread across it. it began to get loud in there, and people everywhere i go seem to have this habit of sitting next to me with their talkative and annoying children when they can see I'm clearly engaged in an intellectually stimulating activity that stands to be disrupted abruptly by your obnoxious toddler. the place is huge, and there are plenty of open seats and cartoons tuned on their abundant flat screen tvs. i left after about 10 minutes of attempting to tolerate messy loud children, and enjoyed a smoke out on their large patio.overall, a better dining experience, but a little expensive for my college student budget. the wait staff was friendly, and the place is filled with cute girls to make you blush. i would love to see more combination plates, like how with the omelette comes with a choice of two sides. it would be awesome to get pancakes, bacon, and eggs altogether for a set [lower] price than ordering everything a-la-carte. at least, that's how I prefer my breakfast: hearty.
5	So this is my first ever review I've posted.  Some friends keep telling me to check out yelp, so now I am, in large part due to a "breakfast joint" that I have been frequenting lately, since I've moved to the great state of AZ recently.  So because I'm new to this I guess I should provide a disclaimer of how I will rate a restaurant: food, service, layout, prices.  Pretty much anything that is in control of the owners and the employees.  Let me be clear, NOT: the surrounding clientele(i.e. kids, loud people, etc.), weather, which table I chose to sit at and cartoons were playing.  You get the idea, I believe yelp is intended rate the above listed items not things that are out of the restaurants control.  Anyway!!!  I love all of their food, first off the Brizza is amazing, genious idea.  Also, I think their coffee is delicious, it's the perfect strength, and it's all you can drink, perfect!!!! Even Starbucks can't make that claim.  I'm a huge fan of their "scrambles", I'm a meat lover type of guy myself.  The cinnamon rolls are scrumtous too.  OHHHH, how can I forget their biscuits and gravy.  MMMMM.  Soooo Good.On to their staff, nothing but great experiences, I can order fast and take a seat and just wait for my food.  If I forget my silverware they grab it for me! Perfect!The design of the place is awesome, so trendy, great tunes at the perfect volume.  I need to be woken up in the morning, not put back to sleep so I like the upbeat tempo.  And who can forget the big screen TVs.  For one of the yelpers below: the TVs are always on the same channels so you should know where to sit by the time you get out of the line to order.  Sportscenter for me but I find myself peaking at the cooking channel from time to time.  If you're yearning for B-fast anytime, check out scramble it is delish, you'll be satisfied.
5	Wow!  Went on a Sunday around 11am - busy but not packed.  Roomy and comfortable.  GREAT food.  Bacon meaty and tasy.  I had the french toast on recommendation and it was fantastic.  Great atmosphere...just an all around great place.  We were in from LA for a baseball game and wanted a non-chain local place and found this place on Yelp.  Glad we went!
3	For Arizona, this place does a pretty good breakfast. The french toast is where it's at though...So when you go, you'll want the french toast. End of story.
4	I checked this place out after a bike ride with a friend and really, really enjoyed it! It's casual - order your food first and then they bring it to you. It's a really cute, light, easy place. I described it as the Chipotle of Breakfast. I had the Sante Fe Eggs Benedict (with jalapeno corn bread - so yummy!) I think my arteries hardened slightly in the midst of digesting but it was worth it. My friend's plate looked equally scrumptious. You're not going to get any fancy coffee there (I was hankering for a latte) but still had a good cup of normal joe. The staff was nice and pleasant and I really enjoyed the patrons as well - we chatted with quite a few and it just seemed like a really nice upbeat place. If I'm on that end of town again for breakfast - I would definitely go back!
4	Found this place thanks to yelp and I am glad I checked it out.  Nice laid back atmosphere with a help yourself style.  I had the Santa Fe Eggs Benedict and the jalapeno corn bread was awesome.  Also had the Chorizo, peppers & jalapeno cream cheese Brizza and that was also very good.  If you are looking for a new breakfast joint with some new takes on traditional breakfast food I would give Scramble a try.
4	Just stopped in the other day to try this place.  It was lunch time so I ordered the BLT with avocado.  My husband (who had the leftovers) agreed it was delicious.  This is big because my husband and I rarely agree on food.  The sandwich is made with thick, cherrywood bacon on toasted french bread,  I had a bowl of the tomato florentine soup, which I didn't care for.I will be back to try their breakfasts.  A friend of mine tried the pizza scramble and loved it.
4	Yummy yummy yummy!  Delicious french toast, pancakes and eggs.  It's a treat to go out to breakfast and a double-treat if you go to Scramble.  I wish the breakfast included a little more food for the price though.  Otherwise it would be a 5-star for me.
4	Nummy num num. The whole family loved Scramble. Took the twinnies, age 10, last weekend cause momma was tired of washing dishes. We ordered the Biscuits n' Gravy , egg sandwich, traditional fried egg plate, and the pancakes. Everything was delicious and hot. Great coffee too. We are heading back again this weekend to try the French Toast. No waiting to be seated here, which is super important when dining out with kids.
5	Came here on a Sunday morning and the service was speedy enough to keep the line moving. Nice music and great feel to the place. The outside patio was a great place to eat, even with the sound of the traffic right up against 7th street. Food was outstanding with good portion sizes. I highly recommend the biscuits and gravy...incredibly fresh!  My family and I will definitely be back!
3	Casual breakfast and lunch place. Portions are balanced, and food is tasty & presented well. It is only a short wait from when you order your food until they bring it to you, and it comes nice and hot. My only gripe (hence the 3 stars) is the coffee. I tried the bold and the breakfast blend, only to find the bold extremely bitter and the breakfast blend rather void of taste. (it should be called breakfast bland) They do serve it in a to go cup, so what you don't finish is easy to take with you. (I took some to go, to give it another chance, and was still unimpressed) Overall, a descent place to grab a bite for breakfast.
4	With so many choices for a good breakfast, it can be kind of hard to stand apart. Bright, urban, funky and cool Scramble is a breath of fresh air to the breakfast scene.The concept is great -- order and pay at the counter, then you're issued a number, take a seat in the dining space, then relax and wait for the food to arrive. Or choose to sit outdoors on the patio that is also dog-friendly.Judging by several quotations of egg humor painted along the walls of the restaurant, Scramble doesn't take itself too seriously. But one slogan on the menu hits close to home: "We're local and so are our ingredients." Locally sourced ingredients hits high marks when local businesses need our support.There are so many tastily described items on the menu that being decisive first thing in the morning is difficult. A case filled with Cinnamon Rolls ($3) may help in the decision-making process. I've met many a cinnamon roll, but I've never encountered one like Scramble's. The addition of lemon juice to the frosting distinguishes what would have already been a deliciously tender and gooey roll. It took everything in my power not to order a six-pack to go ($16).When I scan a menu I try to find the most unique item. At Scramble, one of those standouts is the Brizza ($8). The unlikely combination of two words -- breakfast and pizza -- make for a creative selection. Smoked Gouda and Cherrywood Bacon atop a tender thin crust are well paired, and there wasn't a bite left on the plate. If the spicy kick of the chorizo with peppers and jalapeno cream cheese version doesn't wake you up, then be sure to add a cup of Bold Bottomless Coffee ($2.25).French French Toast ($6.50) takes thick slices of French baguette, dipped into vanilla custard then cooked on a griddle. The slabs of baguette were tender and had a certain creaminess that made dunking into the maple syrup a real winner. If you like it savory and sweet, add a side of their Cherrywood Smoked Bacon ($3) to the French French Toast for some fun with your food. Bacon dunked into maple syrup is such a childhood pastime.Scramble also offers lunch after 11 a.m. with a menu of sandwiches, wraps, soups and salads, but breakfast is served all day. This is great because I could eat one of those cinnamon rolls anytime!
4	Egg whites and oatmeal and brizza oh my!I've been hearing about Scramble for months now and I finally made it in for a breakfast meeting today.  I loved it...The oatmeal was not only the biggest bowl of oatmeal I've ever seen, it was served piping hot with pecans, raisins, and milk / brown sugar on the side.  I also had a side of egg whites done just right.  (I was trying to be healthy since I recently realized I gained some LBS in the last few months).  However, I did have a few bites of my dining companion's brizza - it was also delicious!  The coffee did the job too... I left with a nice caffeine buzz and a full tummy too... the perfect way to start my day!I love the clean, urban feel to this place... the staff was super friendly and the bathrooms were clean.  I wish I lived closer to Scramble as it would definitely be a regular in my rotation.  Even though it's a bit of a drive for me, I will be back... especially to check out their upcoming "breakfast for dinner" charity events on Wednesday nights.  (Stay tuned for info on the Yelp events calendar).You've got a new fan in me, Scramble... see you again soon!
4	I tried Scramble for my first time this morning...gotta say...LOVED IT.We had the Brizza (breakfast pizza) eggs benedict....both dishes were great. The place is ultra clean with a modern touch.  The quality was great and prices were good.  I will be back...probably many times.Also, the patio is dog friendly.  We got to check out the coolest miniature bull terrier.
4	How can you not love a place that has 3 different kinds of Cholula and 2 kinds of Tabasco?!  AWESOME.  That alone is worth 5 stars.I thought I should go with the house specialty and went with a "Brizza" - I ordered the Chicago, which has rosemary potatoes, sausage and cheese, but I substituted the regular sausage for turkey sausage.  Yummy.  The only disappointment was the crust - it was kind of doughy and just didn't have much flavor, thought they could have done more with it honestly (it was very plain).  I ended up eating mostly the toppings and left much of the pizza dough on the plate.Extra points for having Coke products, and I will definitely have to return to try the french toast or cinnamon rolls.I also liked the fact that your ordered & paid at the counter and then they brought your food out to you.  Very efficient and quick.Overall, 2 thumbs up, and I will be back if I'm in the area for breakfast.
4	Thank you cute-girl-behind-the-counter-taking-orders for not giving me a judgmental look because I'd been out all night & came in still drunkish from St. Patty's. Just, thank you.I'm such a goof...Me: "Ummm can I get the veggie omelet, but with mushrooms & bacon added?"Girl: *honest laugh* "Sure." *smile* "What kind of bread do you want with that?"Me: "Wheat? Wait, what kinds do you have?" She points to the menu right below me & I lean over to look. "Ohhh! English muffin. Yeah, totally an English muffin."Girl: "Ok." *smile*It was kind of a smallish omelet for the price. I've had bigger for maybe a $1 less at First Watch. It was still tasty though & they got it right with my strange additions. The side potatoes are ridiculously good too. They're perfectly crispy & tender with rosemary. Fantastic flavor.Everything comes on white plastic type plates though. Hey, I guess if they get dropped they probably won't break.I don't drink coffee but I love tea! How many freaking teas do they have?! Everywhere I turned there was tea & more tea. I tried 2 different iced kinds. I want to come back just for the tea.By the drinks there's everything else you need to season or slather your breakfast with. Grape jelly, strawberry jelly, honey, sugar, hot sauces galore, etc. There's tabasco red & green. I believe the other kind they have is Cholula. I grabbed the chipotle flavor. There's a pretty big patio with shade. There was a woman eating breakfast with her small dog outside.Noticed a few clocks telling time in different locations too. Cool thing to have.The restrooms were busy for some reason. There weren't even that many people at Scramble, but for some reason every chick there just had to be in the restroom at the same time. There are only 2 stalls? I just wanted to wash my hands at the 1 sink & get out of there. I looked around for paper towels. Didn't see any. Noticed a strange grayish air hand dryer. I didn't even bother. I really only wanted something to grab the door handle with.
4	I love Scramble.We were the first people there on Easter Sunday. They open at 6 am & we were there at 6:07.How can that cute girl taking orders be so nice & cheery that early in the morning?! And it was the same girl as last time. She makes my Scramble experiences fun. The other shorter girl working didn't seem as nice.My gouda brizza was quite tasty. Omg was it hot when I bit in though! I was SO hungry I just wanted to devour it. Yeah, wait a second before trying to chow down, ok?Could the cinnamon roll have any more frosting? Wow! Luckily, I like them smothered in the stuff. They just pile it on & you spread it around.I want to describe Scramble as fresh, open, clean, bright, & modern.The counter girl agrees with me that they need more than just the cherry flavored Capri-Sun. She said the parfaits are good too. I'm going to have to try 1 some time.
4	Scramble is (mostly) a breakfast joint, hence the name, where you order at the counter, pay and take a seat while you wait for someone to deliver the food.  On my first visit I had the southwestern benedict with poached eggs, cornbread and chipotle hollandaise.  A little rich for my blood, but tasty nonetheless. The second time I visited I tried the veggie scramble, which was a much better choice.  Fresh veggies and eggs, with a little bit of cheese, alongside some great homestyle potatoes.  Definitely a fan of Scramble, as the food is freshly prepared, inexpensive and they have excellently strong coffee.
5	My picks:Fresh Squeezed Orange JuiceFrench French ToastCinnamon RollCarmel Banana Thanks for bringing this gift to north Phoenix!  You are in my 'hood and your french french toast makes me want to sleep in everyday and come over.
3	Food is good, but nothing makes me want to become a regular. Too expensive and the concept is more of a nice novelty item. Breakfast quality is at par with your local brunchery or Marie calendars. Check it out once or twice, but the hype soon fades.
4	I took an out of town friend to scrambled today,  I enjoyed eating on their large patio.  The food was great and the restaurant has a great look to it.  I will definitely be back.
4	The french toast is amazing! I enjoyed the set-up and flow of this location. I enjoy the fact that after serving your meal the employees do not harrass you while you enjoy said meal. However, should you need assistance they are close by to answer any questions.
4	Scramble is home to one of the best breakfast entrees in town: slow down... wait for it... ta da! The Santa Fe Eggs Benedict! The fact that every single review does not focus solely on this morning opus to the Southwest confirms what I have always suspected: the dry heat has finally shriveled Phoenicians' tastebuds into tiny pieces of gravel. I kid, I kid. The Santa Fe is poached eggs and ham atop oh-so-yummy jalapeno cornbread, smothered in a chipotle hollandasie. It's got a kick, so isn't for the faint of mouth, and I can see where it might be a bit rich for some, but for me and my entree-splitting spouse, it's the best of the Southwest on a plate. I've also tried the caramel banana pancakes, the Scramble hash brown (think hash browns juicing on bacon and cheese), and the chorizo brizza (Brizza= breakfast+pizza. Get it?). The brizza was huge, and for me a huge miss. It made me feel sluggish and greasy just looking at it. Everything else? An A-OK. Scramble offers order-at-the-counter service and the interior is bright and cheery. They also have a dog-friendly patio where they're always sweet to my pup, who loves Scramble because of the fussing, fawning, big water bowl, and occasional dropped breakfast potato. Pros: Yumminess, fast service, cheerful interior, large patio, dog-friendly. Cons: Paper coffee cups (I'm stubborn and I want a cermaic MUG!), cross-armed frowners who complain about the quickly moving line.
4	So I came to Phoenix to visit my family for Mothers Day. My family originally wanted IHOP, but I told them I wanted to try something new. They suggested that we go to Black Bear Diner, but they were closed. So I went on Yelp and suggested Scramble. I'm glad I did.I tried the French Toast(delicious!) and sampled some of the other fare off of peoples plates. The pancakes were a bit rubbery, but the service, ambiance and other good food made up for the shortcoming.  I definitely recommend it.  Everyone else in our 10+ party enjoyed their food and said they'd probably come back.It's in a kinda weird area for me, since growing up here that particular area was referred to as the "ghetto". But it seems to have changed in the 10+ years I've been gone. The decor is Ikea-like, but comfortable. They have seating inside and out (if you can stand the heat!). They also have 'misters' outside.
5	Does this count as an update?Went four more times..still love it!
5	Tasty O'Brian potatoes made with rosemary. The Santa Fe eggs benny (served on cornbread with a chipotle sauce) ranks high on my non-traditional benedicts list (yes, I have one of those).  I wish we had breakfast options like this in Sacramento.
4	It was cute, clean and nice. Service was good and way WAY better than taking an out of town guest to IHOP for breakfast.Sitting on the patio was perfect for my 4 year old and boy are the eggs benedict good.
3	Nice and spacious, great patio seating.It was a nice evening, and they were open late for a fund-raiser, so we initially chose the patio.We later moved inside, but I won't get into that....Ordered the meat lovers scramble, and a Toluca "brizza", or breakfast pizza, and a cinammon roll.The scramble was pretty tasty, but nothing phenomenal.The brizza was different. It had a nice flavor to it, but I probably wouldn't order it again.The cinnamon roll was sooooo good. It has a thick layer of icing, piled into a cavity, surrounded by cinnamony goodness.That was one of the best cinnamon rolls I've ever had. So good.A bit pricier than Denny's, for similar fare, but not unbearably expensive.I will probably go back, because it's good food, and five minutes from the house.
5	The santa fe eggs benedict was delicious, so was the gouda and apple wood bacon brizza. I highly recomend both. The orange juice was nothing out of the ordinary. Id stick with a regular drink. the hot sauce selection is what made this place a 5 star  for me.
4	Great breakfast spot-quick, casual, good food. Really liked it!
4	So friends and I had been meaning to try this place out for a while and we had finally gotten a chance to go.  It's setup very familiar to a Pei Wei almost where you have your menu off to the side of the queue and approach the counter to order before taking a number and your seat.The establishment was very clean and well lit as well as having a pretty nice quiet atmosphere.  I think it was like a Wednesday morning if my memory serves me right.I ordered the French Toast and a Martinelli's Applejuice from the quite attractive young lady that was working the register.  I took my number to a table that was half seats half bench and my friends shortly followed suit.  A random conversation about iPads later and out food had arrived.  The French Toast was actually Baguettes that had been Frenchtoastified and they were delicious.  I also got some rosemary potatoes which were a little too rosemary for my taste, and s couple pieces of cherrywood smoked bacon.  Now if you've read any of my previous reviews you might have gathered that I'm rather picky about bacon.  This stuff however was amazing.  Thickly cut and perfectly crisp without being hard or chewy.  I'd definitely say that I'd take Cherrywood smoked bacon over Applewood any day of the week.Prices were good, I think it came out to like 15 after tip.  Overall if I am able to drag myself outta bed early enough again I'd definitely take another visit.
3	Was in Phoenix for the weekend helping my sister move in. The yelpers suggested this place for brunch.  Pretty good. You walk in, order, sit down, the food arrives quick. The Caramel Banana Pancakes were very good. The veggie scramble was good, but not amazing. Side of Jalapeno Corn Bread was good, almost very good. Coffee however was mediocre, both the breakfast blend and Italian roast. Worse, there are no real cups. Plastic cups for water, to-go coffee cups for coffee. Kinda lame.Good vibe, lots of seating, nice outdoor patio. Solid B. Missed a B+ due to lack of coffee mugs.
4	I really liked this place a lot.  Very casual...tv's with news crankin', lots of seating, and just a nice place to getaway.  Kinda reminds me a little of Pei Wei...take your order at the front, pay and grab your number...go sit down.  Nice area for coffee and whatever else you need...easy access to everything you need.  Utensils, napkins, jellies, all the goodies.I had just a plain breakfast which, surprisingly enough, most people seem to screw up pretty bad.  2 eggs over medium, rosemary potatoes, bacon, and white toast.  Loved it...loved it...loved it.
5	Oh Scramble; you are the reason I started looking for other amazing restaurants around town. I have been to Scramble probably 10 times in the last 6-8 months, and no one I have taken has ever had a bad meal. Not one. After finding out a friend of mine had never been, we headed north for breakfast nirvanaRight from the start, there was almost no wait to order. While I love Matt's downtown, the 1-2 hour wait during the summer is just too much. With Scramble, you may have a 5 minute wait to order, but that is about it. The layout of the place is really well done; it's always clean, plenty of room inside and out on the patio (which is pet-friendly), and you can grab all of your utensils, napkins, and beverages yourself. I usually get the Southwest burrito, which is amazing with chorizo/cheddar/avocado/eggs/jalapeno cream cheese, but today I wanted to mix it up. After considering the French French toast, I went a little more carb-light with the Meat-lovers scramble (bacon, ham, sausage in scrambled eggs with rosemary potatoes and toast).The scramble was good but not great. I definitely enjoyed the eggs not being cooked too hard, and the meat was a great addition. I would say the ham and sausage were more enjoyable than the bacon, from which I just didn't get much flavor. There are times were the rosemary potatoes are a bit too seasoned, but these were cooked and served perfectly. I could hardly even eat my sourdough toast, but what I had was very good.All around the table, we all had very good meals; two veggie scrambles were reported to be delicious and the Scramble virgin about destroyed his mushroom and bacon omelette. We decided to share a cinnamon roll; they are simply amazing. I believe the icing is sour cream based, which gives it a great tang, while the roll itself was cooked fresh.Once again, Scramble delivered on every level. While I won't say the food is better than Matt's (probably the best breakfast I have ever had), I prefer Scramble almost every time, with no wait and simply amazing choices all over the menu.
4	We have eaten breakfast at this spot more times than I can remember!  I love the quick-service concept.  It makes it easier to go with friends, deal with the child (especially if a quick escape is necessary), and just makes things a little bit more laid back.  Even though you order at the counter, their wait staff is still attentive to you and clears your plates as you finish.  So nice!  The egg-related artwork and quotes are amusing and the decor is simple, modern and fresh.Favorite bites: Southwestern Burrito, Santa Fe Eggs Benedict, French Toast, Cheesy-Bacon Hashbrowns, "Dollar Cakes" (3 medium-sized pancakes for $1.89! A STEAL!).Less-than-favorite bites: Costa Burrito (unpleasantly surprised that it didn't have eggs... just tons of potatoes inside WITH a side of potatoes... really?) and the Brizza... a tad bland.A HUGE plus is Scramble's commitment to seeking out local products - way to go!  Bring a group of friends, or just yourself and your laptop to enjoy the free WiFi while you partake of a delicious meal and great service.  You'll be glad you did!
1	So I have eaten here at least 10 times, usually love it. However, went there last week and ordered the Santa Fe Eggs Benedict, which is usually my fav, when I am eating carbs. I could not believe this was the meal I was wasting my valuable calorie intake on! The sauce literally tasted like paste---flour and water. When I told the manager/owner/whatever, he said, "You should have told me." I am thinking, "I am telling you!" Didn't offer a discount, cup of coffee, kind word. I think he said he was sorry, which did not solve the problem of the gross meal I had just consumed. My hubby said his pancakes were average. Has the reputation of this place gone to their heads? I hope not. Owning a home in North Phoenix, I enjoy the prospect of Sunnyslope as the new "it" place to be.
4	Wife loved the santa fe eggs Benedict, the chocolate chip pancakes were made chocolaty(a good thing)..was expecting fresh squeezed o.j. but overall a good eat.
3	I came here for breakfast and have been wanting to come here for a while.  Its a bit of a drive for me, but I finally decided it was time to go.Overall, I had a good experience and enjoyed my time here.  Its a fast casual type resturant, where you walk in, place your order at the counter, and they walk the food out to you.  They seem to have a nice selection of food, mostly breakfast with some lunch items.  I went for breakfast, and wanted to keep it simple.  I ordered two eggs over medium, with toast and potatos.  I found the toast to be a bit dry, and a bit to dark for me.  Usually I like my toast a little lighter with butter on it, but that was not the case.  Also, I found the potatoes to be a bit bland and boring.I will probably be back, but was not blown away by this place.  I rated it high becuase I think overall its a good place, and the food isnt that half bad.
5	After a morning hike, this place was an awesome refilling station. Their food was so delicious and the atmosphere reminded me of a neighborhood eatery with a modern twist.  Didn't feel out of place even though we weren't in our Sundays best.  Love the rosemary potatoes and jalapeno cornbread.  Thanks for the eats!
4	My wife and kids have been coming here since they opened. It's a perfect place for a quick good breakfast. Walk up and order, no waitress to wait on. It's really the exact same experience as PeiWei. It is a little more difficult to maneuver on busy  days. Overall it's clean, good and fast. When you have little kids these are the only things you care about!
4	dont be scared by the location, its not ghetto!  this little plaza almost makes you want to move down the road, almost.... very good breakfast food that is available past the typical 10am cut off. the breakfast pizzas are definetly unique and worth a try.
5	I love this place.  I have only been there twice and both times were great.  It gets pretty busy in there but the service is still quick and efficient.  I am all about the Santa Fe Eggs Benedict, but their french toast is good too.  Bacon could be crispier, but I guess that is more of a personal taste thing.  I will definitely be dining here again.
5	BEST BREAKFAST I'VE EVER HAD! Literally. Go and have the breakfast, Chicago Pizza. Yes, I know it sounds weird, but it is so good you will end up eating the entire pizza by yourself, even if you tell yourself you're only gonna eat half. It's not possible, its just too good. Price is pretty good, maybe slightly pricey for breakfast (i think the pizza is like $9 ish) but completely worth it. Outdoor seating available if its not too hot. But seriously, go here and eat.
5	I ate here once based on a yelp review.  I was quite impressed.  5 stars from me.  Very clean, very friendly, very good, very reasonably priced.
4	I was extremely pleased by this place! I went there on a Saturday morning and decided to get the berry pancakes. Mmm! - I think I've been on some freak pancake frenzy lately because I've been craving them constantly and I've been trying to find that one place that I'll have as my goto when I need a fix, and I do believe that Scramble has provided that at least for the meantime. - Back to the food... Fluffy, filling and fantastic, these cakes of the pan were! There was an all-you-can-eat special going on and I didn't even go in for a second round (the multigrain pancakes are how they get you!). The pancakes were served with sausage patties that were pretty big and very tasty. After systematically pouring syrup over every part of this delicious dish, I devoured every bite. But that's not all folks! I also got to try some of Scramble's Santa Fe Eggs Benedict. They were also fantastic - served on a southwestern style kind of corn muffin and covered in a delicious hollandaise. A few bites of that and a couple pieces of potato, and my gut threw in the towel! I pretty much left there happy as could be!
4	We came here for breakfast this morning with friends and really enjoyed it.  The food was great with a diverse breakfast menu, the staff was very friendly and the location is very scenic.  I can imagine this place gets very busy with hikers from North Mountain due to its convenient location.
5	Loved the food. The freshness of it. Great ambiance. Clean. Simplistic elegance....
1	Still haven't returned...the manager did email me and invite me back to get a gift certificate. My thought is, why would I return to a place and ask a GC when there are so many options? Plus, don't want to have to re-explain my review. Seems a bit pointless. Not looking for free food.
4	If anything could get me up in the morning, a shop like Scramble is it. I finally had the chance to try Scramble and it's apparent that I've definitely been missing out! On your typical Saturday morning, breakfast joints can be overpopulated and require a 45 minute wait which normally dissuades me from visiting and causes me to just skip ahead to lunch instead. But this morning, I visited Scramble and I was pleasantly surprised when I saw that not only does Scramble have plenty of seating to accommodate the mass crowds, but it's an order, pay and seat your self style restaurant so it cuts out the dreaded wait time. Everything on the menu looks delicious, especially the brizza! I ended up opting for the veggie scramble with sun dried tomatoes, peppers and cheese and accompanied with roasted potatoes. But the sourdough french toast sounded so delectable that my friends and I decided to split that as well. I'm glad we make the choice to go big or go home because the french toast was worth every bit! The service was relatively quick despite the crowded restaurant and the food was delicious and steaming hot upon arrival. While visiting, I noticed a sign announcing that Scramble is offering unlimited pancakes through the month of October. Sign me up for that! I also enjoyed the serve yourself unlimited coffee and soda fountain. It kept my thirst quenched while filling my belly with the tasty food. Like I mentioned, the restaurant offers plenty of seating and the atmosphere itself is clean and modern. But be prepared to sit in a less than comfortable seat. The restaurant would deserve an extra star if they had better seats and possibly more booths. But, like I said, the atmosphere was great and I like the fact that you can sit either inside or outside and enjoy the view of the desert mountains. I can't wait to find my way to CenPho again soon so I can visit Scramble and try other items on the menu!
5	I read about Scramble on line so I thought I would go there for brunch and I loved it!! The Santa Fe eggs Benedict are amazing! The staff is friendly and the ambiance is incredible. I would highly recommend this place to anyone!!!
5	Really outstanding vegan French toast. Vegan chorizo tofu scram wrap. Coffee w/ soymilk.  5 options for hot sauce and maybe 3 more tofu scrambles I haven't even tried yet.  This is serious brunch business, phoenix area vegans.  Now I won't be able to blame my grumpiness on lack of breakfast that's not oatmeal when I'm home visiting my family... Dang. This place is life changing.
3	The breakfast food here is good, although overpriced. The atmosphere is very modern and trendy, like somewhere two tv show cops wearing expensive suits would eat. Overall, the brizza was delicious, I don't even want to know how bad it is for you, and the french toast was pretty good. Overall though, the food quality wasn't above anything you could get for half the price, so I'd say go once for the aesthetic, then go back to IHOP.
4	This place is fantastic for vegans! Phoenix does not have a ton of breakfast options for vegans and it is so nice to discover a new place. They have 5 options for vegan breakfast, and also vegan pancakes which were not advertised but apparently there. They seem to know what they are doing as well, all the vegan meals come out on different color plates then non-vegan meals, which is somehow comforting. The staff was very friendly and totally accommodating. The place is cute, more cafeteria style and laid back which is perfect for a morning breakfast. Sitting outdoors was great, there is a beautiful view of the mountains. Overall, I would say this is a new Phoenix favorite for me!
5	I love breakfast/brunch, and I've gotta say I found a place that really fits me! Scramble was everything I was looking for! The food is great, the people are nice, the location is adorable, and decor is fun/modern.  I also like the way you order, there isn't pressure to wait for a server to come to you, you can get your refills as needed, and enjoy your experience without hoping that you get a good person and not a server having a bad day.
5	Breakfast food an I have become good friends since I realized I was lactose intollerant. For some reason I have been eating a lot more eggs since cutting out dairy. So, a friend and I took a drive down from the resort we were staying at. We found scramble at the recommendation of some friends. I'm glad we went.Nothing beats a fresh, hot, delicious egg scrambled full of veggies and bacon. This accented with small wheat pancakes and crispy potatoes is a sure hit. The breakfast blend coffee was great. My friend is allergic to dairy, wheat and doesn't eat meat. She was able to come out of there with quite a spread. This was truly a morning miracle.I have to say that scramble has increased the quality of my friendship with breakfast. It was one of the best breakfast places I have visited. And they utilize local, fresh ingredients which only adds to the experience. If you go and you have a dog, they can come along too. Another added bonus. They do close at 2pm though.
5	We love this place for breakfast on the weekends.  They have great healthy alternatives and all you can eat pancakes during the month of October.  We drive from Peoria on Saturday mornings just to eat here.
2	Decide to give Scramble a try . . . a drive from the West Valley.  It was OK.  Just OK.  The eggs were good (we had the scramble).  The toast was cold and dry (they could have buttered it while it was hot).  The rosemary potatoes could have been great . . . but the potatoes were cold.  $22 later and 99% sure I won't return.  $2.30 for a coffee is way to much $$.  Hint . . turn down the music (it was Sunday morning early and the music was way too loud).
4	Their food is AMAZING. I loved it, but felt that the prices were a bit high for breakfast... the tastes made the meal definitely worth the cost.
3	Meh.Plus for cool decor. Minus for being in a strip mall (but hey it's Phoenix...)Cinnamon Roll was good.  Awesome icing. Toluca Brizza was unique, but nothing spectacular.it would be a good place for groups, with a vast menu (that i hear is very vegan friendly), but they are better places around town for brunch, both in terms of quality and price points.
5	Ok, maybe I was hungry and swayed by the easy parking, great modern design, nice outdoor eating space, friendly staff and good food. But, who wouldn't give this a 5. What a great way to have a breakfast spot. Walk up to the counter, order, get your own coffee, drinks, condiments, etc, and choose your seat. If your coffee gets low, you just get it. Need more water? It's all right there. How many times at a regular restaurant have you said that you wished you could just refill your own drink yourself, because you would not have to wait? Probably many times or you just got upset. Here you go. This place has great modern decor with nice colors and accents. I noticed it right away when we walked in. Not what you would expect from the outside, a pleasant surprise. There are menus on the wall and menus up above and printed menus if you want something you can hold to read and choose your fare. We opted for a veggie scramble with zucchini, yellow squash, and hold the onions for me, a Santa Fe Benedict (thanks to all the fantastic yelp reviews) and two coffees. We signed up for a frequent visitor card and even got an extra 10% off. Woohoo, always welcomed. It came to just $20 for the two of us.We chose our seats, near a power outlet so that I could charge my phone, and got comfortable. I made a trip to the restroom to find a very upscale modern bathroom that I was quite impressed by. Not necessarily fitting of a breakfast spot, but totally appropriate with all the other modern decor. Our breakfast seemed to take a little while, but looked great when it arrived. The quantity of food seemed pretty good for the price and everything looked and tasted very fresh. I was very pleased with my choice of veggie scramble and thoroughly enjoyed it. SG loved his benedict and I even got to sample it. Not being a poached egg fan, I was skeptical, but I got very little yolk in my taste. The sauce was delicious, I definitely understand all the yelp. Both of us enjoyed our coffees and had no problem getting up to refill. Especially since we do not really like our coffees refilled mid cup, it just messes up the chemistry.This place is a little tucked away from the freeway and not super convenient to drive to when you are just in town visiting, but its only just under 10 minutes detour for a fantastic breakfast. Well worth it. We will likely be back.
3	So my husband talked me in to going back to Scramble and giving it another shot. Where else can we go with the puppy and sit outside to eat breakfast near North Mountain after a hike? I ordered the Santa Fe Eggs Benedict, my old favorite. It was good, not great, but better than last time. The service was great. A waitress asked us several times if we needed anything. There were several stray dogs outside of the restaurant and all of the patrons jumped in to action, calling the cops and the Humane Society. Even though it had nothing to do with the restaurant, it was a good reminder of the wonderful community feeling in Sunnyslope.
5	Groan...my stomach hurts from gorging on their delicious cinnamon roll. My husband was kind enough to snag a few bites lest I go overboard and eat the whole thing which left me to eat 80% of it. It is $2.89 and a pretty good size cinnamon roll. Before the "dessert," I had the two egg meal ($5.89) which came with toast (I chose an english muffin) and red, rosemary potatoes. I love red potatoes anyway, and to have it as my breakfast potato was a nice treat. Since my daughter already had breakfast, we ordered her a side of the dollar cakes (three small pancakes). I snuck one on my plate, since I love pancakes, but couldn't even go near it after pigging out on the cinnamon roll. As other reviewers mentioned, you order at the front and they bring the food out. Besides a minor incident of the wrong food being brought, our food came out very quickly. The servers walking around were very good at checking on the tables. Oh, how could I forget the soft, giant chocolate chip cookies at the register! Of course I had to get one, although I can't even THINK about sweets after my breakfast dessert. What I need is a good latte to cure my impending sugar crash. But the cookie WILL be eaten later. I really enjoyed my meal here although it is a little far from where we live (midtown Phx). We took 7th St all the way up since there isn't a freeway we could easily access without driving out of the way. But I definitely think Scramble was worth the drive.
4	Finally got a chance to check this place out and man am I happy. It was a little busy, but we were able to get a table lickety split. I had the meat lover's scramble which came with rosemary potatoes and toast. Wifey had the two egg breakfast, and a cinnamon roll for us to split. Just a good meal. I super dig the potatoes, and my eggs were perfect. Wifey and I both threw down on the awesome cinnamon roll, which was great!  I'll definitely be back, what a killer breakfast
4	I'm afraid to try the cinnamon roll because I've had the chocolate chip cookies and they are hard enough to resist! Seriously! You can TASTE the brown sugar! The perfect (ENORMOUS!) old fashioned chocolate chip cookie.
4	Loved this place, have driven past it a bunch of times and always wondered, and finally we went it and it was delicious. I love that they step out of the box and make things that are different but still good. I got the breakfast burrito and it was really good. Loved the decor and that they use local ingredients first. It's a bit pricey but if your looking for something better than Denny's then stop looking.
3	This is a cool place. The prices are good and the food was good. I would not drive across town for it but i enjoyed the eggs Benedict with chipolte hollandaise. It also came with rosemary potato's which were very tasty. They have a smaller menu but they had a 3-4 things i want to try. You walk in order at the counter and they give you a number and they bring it out to you. There is a good amount of seating including a patio outside. Its worth a try. Ill be back!!!
4	I had been wanting to try this place for a long time and finally did. I had a simple bacon and eggs breakfast but what I really loved was the Rosemary Potatoes. I love well seasoned pototatoes and these hit the spot for me. I like that you can get your own refills of coffee here as well and that it is in a to go cup so you can take some home. After reading reviews I had to try the cinnamon roll and it was amazing. Pure sugar!It is a little bit pricey at scramble, but definitely worth trying!
4	Anyplace that serves breakfast all day is a big plus in my book. It's hard to screw up breakfast, but some are better than others. I went to this place twice on my last trip to PHX. It has decent food and the cinnamon rolls are incredibly soft. Will go again if I am in the neighborhood.
2	Used to live three blocks away.  Went here twice.  Both times, very dissapointed.  I mean, the food is mediocre at best.  And it's WAY overpriced.If I'm going to pay this price, I expect good food... maybe even great food.If this place had been better I probably would have gone here weekly.  But the fact that it was one of the few decent Sunnyslope options, and I went here twice in 5 years, says something.I don't know what it is, but everything in this little subdivision is run by related family members, as far as I know.  And interestingly enough, despite them being genuinely nice people, it's all of mediocre quality and over priced items.Look elsewhere.
3	Cute, trendy place with pretty decent breakfast.  I got the Traditional Eggs Benedict, and my friend had one of the pizzas.  Both were pretty good.  My eggs weren't cooked enough, and the English muffins were a bit burnt.  The Hollandaise was decent, though.  Orange juice was $3.  A little steep considering there aren't free refills.Probably would've given it 2 stars, but the burnt English muffin/undercooked egg could've been a fluke and the service was really good.
4	I take back my first review of Scramble. Last time I went with my Aunt, Mother, and Grandmother and had shared with them (and after my Grandma opened the topic to the bus-gal), that I was annoyed they used so much Styrofoam and other wasteful products. I believe last time the only way to not use non-recyclable dishware and utensils was to bring your own. This time, they still had disposable drink cups but I was very happy to see they were now a light plastic. I was soooo happy!I got an egg sandwich, minus the ham and on a enflish muffin rather than sourdough bread. It was fantastic! Like a dream in my mouth. Cooked to perfection! I could've easily shared this with another diner, which was my first thought, but after one bite I just couldn't stop. Loved it.My only one criticism is the employee who greeted us and took our order wasn't very warm or welcoming. She cut me off like 3 times and repeated things in a very annoyed tone. Hey, it's not my fault you are hung over and work at a breakfast place.Overall, I'm glad I gave it a second chance.
5	I love that I can get a Tofu Scramble here! I don't eat eggs and it's a great protein substitute for those trying to make healthy choices!
4	I can remember when this place had just barely opened.  No one knew what and who they were and coupons were provided in the local ads for their breakfast.  That QUICKLY changed, but I know understand why.This used to be a quick hop and jump away from my old apartments.  My fiance and I visited nearly every weekend and sampled a variety of items on the menu.  Each time we went back, it kept getting busier and busier.  So, to beat the crowds, be sure to arrive early (i.e. before church gets out or the morning hikers are done).When it comes to breakfast, I am pretty basic.  I don't need anything fancy to satisfy my taste, although I am partial to greasy flavored food.  Our last visit went smoothly and quickly.  I ordered the 2 egg special with bacon and rosemary potatoes and an ice tea to drink.  My fiance ordered the chorizzo (sp?) burrito which also came with the rosemary potatoes and an ice tea to drink.  ALL THINGS ICE TEA:  I am a huge fan of ice tea.  I don't like the crap out of the pump, nor do I like any sugar in it.  They serve FRESH ice tea in multiple flavorings to soothe your palette and quench your thirst.  FOOD:  I love their bacon!  It never comes out under or over cooked and always has this deliciously wholesome taste to it.  I also am not a big fan of eggs, so when I do order them, scrambled is the way to go.  The last serving I got were moist, fluffy, and not over/under cooked.  Perfectly whipped to perfection!  The potatoes had the right amount of crispiness and flavoring added.  What a delicacy for my breakfast palette.The only down side to Scramble is how far they are located to my new place.  However, anytime I am in the neighborhood I make it a point to stop in for breakfast.
5	So I've eaten here twice and the first time was a year or so ago and I couldn't tell you what I had, but all I remember was that it was good!  So I went back again a couple of weeks ago.  All I have to say is HOLY MOLEY  the Gouda Brizza is insanely good!  I wasn't sure what to expect when I ordered it.  I wanted something different.  I was sick of srambled eggs and bacon for breakfast and I didn't want anything sweet, so I thought I'd give it a try.  So I took a bite into it and it was indulgence at it's finest.  I knew instantly that I would have to do cardio for an hour just to burn a quarter of the calories off from this, but OH man is it worth it!  The egg on it is super thin and is covered with the hollandaise sauce and cheese then topped with bits of bacon sprinkled perfectly everywhere.  Even my 20 month old son who refuses to eat meat ate this and didn't even realize he was eating bacon, because it was soo delicious!I love this place that they make something that is soo different from anywhere else and they do it really well.  I'm going to have a hard time ordering anything else from their menu!
2	So we took a gamble when selecting Scramble so please forgive my Scramble ramble. Ugh. So much potential. Friendly staff. But so so food and though friendly, an untrained staff. Upon entering I like the open and airy room. I like the railing along the east wall with great views of the mountains. But. Wait. What are all these people standing in line for? The host I'm sure. WTF? It's an order at the counter sit down with a number on your table kinda place. Ugh again. Not my thing. Like camping. Or hiking. Or that second Narnia movie. I'm with two people and they are ordering up their grub. Scanning the menu. Asking some questions. At one point my friend was ordering a blended coffee drink. The shelves behind the cashier were loaded with frape type powders. I couldn't believe I heard her say "Oh. Yeah. I don't know how to make those!" LMAO. I had grabbed some bottled Vitamin water so I was in the clear on potentially prepared beverage fiasco. When we sat the food arrived in a timely manner. Pancakes and sausage for me. Same for my friend. My other friend had the breakfast burrito and a cinnamon roll. My side of eggs came out quickly afterward. I'm starving so I'm diving in to the fluffy (actually doughy) pancakes. I prefer a thinner flapjack with some slightly crispy edges. Sausages. Much like Phyllis Dillers's hoo haa..well...sadly they were dry. And I purposely ordered pork sausage cuz I wasn't in the mood for turkey. Now. I'm noticing my friend TRYING to cut up his pancakes. I cut as I go. But he likes to get everything all chopped up apparently. Now he's a big guy. It was hysterical seeing him trying to cut through those DOUGHY pancakes. He gave up midway. Needless to say neither one of us finished our cakes. Lastly he realized as he scanned his check that his omelette he ordered didn't come out because it wasn't even listed on the bill. So Scramble. You got potential kid. I felt the heart in the room. Just didn't get much from the brain.
5	Fantastic food! Nice staff... You get what you pay for : )
4	If Scramble was closer to the down town area, I'd frequent this place more often. Free Wifi & flat screens make time go by quickly when waiting for your food to arrive.
2	Pricey. Not worth it. But, unique food! Another thing is a friend of mine who is a manager of sauce told me the owners of scramble would cone take notes of sauce before scramble opened. I see a lot of sauce in scramble.... Not cool. Not original. I feel your paying for the uniqueness of the food not the quality. I'm happy sticking with Denny's and not breaking my bank... Three dollar OJ with our refills? Reaalllllllyyyy?!
4	We've been here a few times, and enjoyed it each time.  So far, everything's been good (although as someone who doesn't like rosemary potatoes in the first place, I can only call those 'passable'), although the one-size no-refill OJ (though most places don't refill orange juice these days) is a bit dinky.  Also, it's close to North Mountain, which is great for all the hike-then-breakfast people out there.The prices are a bit steep, but if you get a punch card, you also get a 10% discount on your bill each time.  Yay discounts!The TVs actually show different stuff - sports, soap operas, Spongebob - just seat your family accordingly and everyone will be happy.Also, the coffee can be incredibly hot.  Burned my tongue pretty badly on it last time I went.  However, it was still good coffee.If you're on the fence about the place, give it a shot - just remember to get a punch card too.
5	Scramble has the same owners as Half Moon I was told... which I never would've assumed. Upon entering, the layout is very Chipotle-esque, but the atmosphere is upbeat and friendly. My friend and I sat on the patio, which you can bring your dog to, if you fancy your four legged friend shedding all over your food... which isn't exactly appealing to me... (end of rant)Moving on to the FOOD--- I ordered the veggie omelet & a coffee. There are a lot of super yummy menu options including the classic sweet concoctions... I opted for the healthy option since I was going hiking a few hours later, but I'm sure i will indulge in the infamous french toast eventually... when I'm wearing my comfy and forgiving sweat pants.the coffee was superb as well.. self serve beverage area makes it so much more convenient to refill your java.Great place, nice people, easy to spot location, yummy food, decent prices... Scramble is an instant fave.
5	This place is BUSY!!  Every time I drive by, there are a TON of people in there.  When you go in you stand in line like at Sauce and order at the counter and get a number for your table.  My high hopes for this place started to go away when it started to feel like a chain restaurant with the same boring food pumped out to the masses...   Happily I can say I was wrong.  They use fresh ingredients by local AZ businesses!  I'm happy to support local business and will be coming back here again! Costa Breakfast Burrito: Spicy chorizo, bacon, cheese, & scrambled hash brown.  ... WOW!  The flavors are incredible!!  This was easily one of the best breakfast burritos I have ever had!
5	great neighborhood breakfast and right by my house too. Yeahh
5	I invented that awesome Brizza with the gravy and potato!  I love Scramble and their food is top notch.  I used to be a manager here and I can tell you that they use amazingly fresh food and they truly care about freshness and quality.  The food will be consistent and tasty every visit you have.
4	A few weeks ago, I probably would have hooked Scramble up with a 5-star update, but they did something to piss me off and the service has been a bit sour lately.I really love and appreciate how accommodating for vegans they are. I love the soyrizo scramble with nutritional yeast and the garlic chili chaluhla sauce. I smother it and it tastes sooooo good that I crave it all week long. I know others enjoy the sauce too because the bottles are always being used, but for some ungodly known reason Scramble decided to stop providing the sauce. WTF man??? The cashiers don't seem to be especially knowledgeable about the products and it generally takes 2x as long to order a vegan meal than it does a normal meal.They also recently started putting in bigger chunks of green bell pepper which I think really detracts from the taste. I have also been jipped on my avocado twice now, and my English Muffin barely toasted. I have to admit, the french toast and the English Muffin (when cooked right) have a special place in my soul! And there is nothing better that vegan butter  being readily available.More knowledgeable cashiers, quicker bus service on a busy day, and a re-introduction of the chili garlic sauce and you will have me back. As for now, I'm so mad about the discontinuation that I cannot even look at you!
4	Had a business breakfast meeting on the patio this morning and I enjoyed the atmosphere, the food and the service.  I ordered the Brizza (breakfast pizza) which was fun, tastily prepared and well presented.  I liked their menu selection, upbeat (yet relaxed) atmosphere, free WIFi (a must for meetings these days) and the self-serve free re-fills on bevies.Our meeting was running a bit long so I went back in and got a choc chip cookie after my zesty, savory chorizo Brizza.  It was just OK.  Nothing to write to Mrs. Tollhouse about, but not bad and fresh-baked today so it didn't taste like Saran wrap.  The young woman at the counter was super helpful and helped me carry drinks outside for our table and bussed our table expeditiously as we were having a meeting which I appreciated. Everyone was super nice and it just had a great, chill, mellow, happy breakfasty vibe.  I'd like to take friends there sometime if they ever come out to AZ to visit.  Considering our current state politics, that's pretty unlikely in the near future, so I suppose it's up to us locals to keep supporting awesome little AZ finds like Scramble.
5	OMG! This place is awesome. Best turkey sausage I've ever had. Hands down. Ever!Went here after hiking North Mountain. Love the style, love the decor, the service is actually great. It may not seem that way at first as you order at the counter and they give you a placard to place at your table. You get your own drinks, silverware and condiments. They have a lot of condiments! Server brings your order to you after you sit, you enjoy your meal. We bussed our own table and then left. Others left their trash because they were Scottsdale 30K millionaires who think the world is there to clean up after them. The place is full of nasty rich types but that's not the staff's fault.Please leave a tip as the four tables of proper ladies I watched left the poor server nothing (again the world is there for their pleasure).Dog-friendly too!
3	After hearing such great reviews on here, I was a little let down by Scramble.  Not disappointed, but just let down.  Portions were on the smaller side and the lack of servers (its a walk up register) was a little difficult for a group of 6 non-regulars to decide on an order.  Food was OK, not great, just good.  Plenty of TV's around and very clean.  Not what I think of when I think of a breakfast place though.
3	I know, I know I'm late to the party, but Hey, this place is Hell and gone from me. We arrived about and hour before closing so the place was pretty empty, but I really loved the the vibe, it was hip and modern and also very clean. I ordered the Vegan Mushroom & Spinach Scramble which was Tofu scramble with sauteed mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes and spinach. Served with sweet potato hash & toast. I LOVE a good Tofu scramble, this was one was pretty good, my only complaint was it could have used more flavor the Tofu was pretty bland. The Hash was delicious and spiked with rosemary, mushrooms, zucchini and onions. High marks for serving Vegan Stuff, but honestly don't see myself making the trek back anytime soon, not because I didn't like it, but simply because it's not practical to drive that far for breakfast.
1	I ate at Scramble last Friday and I have to say that it was a horrible experience.  What attracted me to this place was the separate vegan menu in addition to their regular menu - this makes things easier when dining with vegan and non-vegan friends.  So I happily ordered a tofu wrap and added fried potatoes as a side and awaited my food.  We started eating and my friend found a hair in his food...not good!  He threw it on the floor and tried to drop it.  Well moments later I found a hair in my food...  I couldn't believe there was hair on both of our plates!  I was so disgusted I could no longer eat my food (and I was ravenous).  I told the girl working the register about the whole ordeal, she walked back to the kitchen then back to the register and completely ignored me (she said she'd come back to my table).  Before we left I spoke with someone else and showed them the hair, clearly not one of mine.  All I got was "Oh, I'll check the guys in the back."  Check the guys in the back???  What?  How about, sorry may I refund you your money?  Additionally, the few bites I had of my burrito were pretty bland, it needed seasoning or hot sauce.  Overall, I wouldn't go back...unless I somehow develop a taste for hair, although I'm sure that won't happen.  I did take a picture of my food before I attempted eating it and if you zoom in enough you can see part of the hair sticking out of my food - I'll be posting them.
1	I know, you are thinking, "Ann, why do you keep going back to Scramble?" My answer is my family and friends like this place, and it is close to my house and our favorite hiking spot. What am I missing? I know, I know, I should stop complaining and just go elsewhere...I have given Scramble chance after chance and nothing changes. I am like an abused person who just can't walk away...I went on Sunday; my sister and her bf were here, we wanted to climb Camelback and needed something quick. We got a late start, and I called almost every place in town, but there was at least a 30 minute wait. SO...we went back to Scramble. Oh Scramble, I want to love you. You are in the perfect location, you even let me bring my puppy. I want to love you. I just can't. I ordered the Santa Fe Benedict. I know, you are thinking, "But Ann, that is what you ordered last time and it was terrible."  The truth is, I used to love this dish. It was spicy and yummy. I ordered iced tea and they were out, and it was going to be 30 minutes to brew more. Must be the longest brewing tea of all time, but okay, I'll drink something else. Next, we sit down and the floor is covered in food. Not food from the table before ours, but food from many tables from all morning. Pieces of squished bacon and pancakes, all under our feet. So gross. I switched seats, so I could not see or step on the food because, Scramble, I want to love you. My husband asked the waitress to sweep up the mess and she did immediately, which was awesome. The wait staff is super cute and nice, which is another reason Scramble, I want to love you. But the food on the floor was really bad. Then, our food came, What happened to the Santa Fe Eggs Benedict I knew and loved? There was barely any sauce on the dish, so the cornbread, which was pretty dry to begin with, could not even be covered with the sauce. The ham was fatty and overcooked. Everyone else loved their meals. I don't get it. Well, I have given up on my attempts to love you, my dear Scramble. You will not miss me; you have many admirers. I only wish things could have worked out between us...
3	Scramble is a hipster. It's urban and modern with nice earthy brown and green tones. It has bright stainless steel framing the interior and funny little quips written on the walls.  It is also very bright, spacious and open, and has a huge outdoor patio. We ordered at the counter and the food was delivered in under 10 minutes, excellent for when you are in a hurry. It's cool enough to offer 5 different kinds of iced tea and hip enough to know to use different plates and utensils for the vegan dishes. I had the chorizo burrito and I really enjoyed it...Until I picked up the second half and the dam of grease broke through my plate (yuck). Either way the burrito was still pretty tasty. Next time I will trust my instincts and go with the vegan burrito. The coffee was excellent and quite possibly the strongest iced latte I've had. I'll be back for sure. Oh yea, FREE WIFI too!
3	I try to like this place real bad since it is in my neighbourhood and its te only breakfast offering nearby. The food is just generic and they dont use real eggs. It tastes like eggs in boxes. Not sure what the name is but I have bought it in the store and tried it. it is a fun no pretentious place and the staff treats you well. I hope the menu gets more creative.
5	I had a great breakfast at Scramble and look forward to going again soon. Everything was fresh and delicious. I'm definitely going back to Scramble for breakfast again soon!
4	I went back and tried the vegan scramble and it was delicious. The girls there are really sweet and attentive. And again and excellent latte!
2	It's east to see what it's trying to be, but it misses. First, the design. It's very hip, with its brushed steel and clean lines, counter around the periphery with power outlets and free WiFi. The easy menu is presented mounted in large sheets of glass. The staff are cool and friendly and accommodating. It took a long time to choose our breakfast because there were so many intriguing options on the menu. The food we got tasted pretty good, but there wasn't any excuse for so much of it being cold (mid-morning, not crowded). The signature rosemary potatoes? An English muffin? Really? The omelet was stellar and the biscuits and gravy were yummy (though extra salty). The fried eggs were overcooked, despite the VERY detailed explanatory poster (explaining the spectrum of subtlety in egg doneness) that hangs next to the ordering station. I knew what I wanted, ordered same, and got a couple of degrees more done than that. (If you're going to make a big deal about the finesse of your egg frying technique, you'd better deliver every time.)They had made too many parfaits that morning and comped us one, which was tasty--but would have been better with fresh fruit instead of compote.They automatically lose a star for having conversation-hostile televisions (though my bride wants it noted that they were all on different channels, so one could choose one's interest and find something to watch). Another half star gone because if the ambient music. Techno on a Thursday morning?We may go back, but we're only here for a week and there are other options available.
5	This place is awsome. The food is great. Staff is friendly. Its really cool looking place. What more do I need? Nada!!!
4	After a long night of drinking, ScrAMble is a great little b'fast spot!  I like the style where you order on the way in and they bring it to you.  This is a MUST when i am very hung over.  I just cannot handle waiting 30 min for a table and then another 40 min for food with the sounds of silverware slamming against ceramic plates.... not when im this hungover.  :-/  The only drawback is that they dont have cocktails, and sometimes i really need a bloody mary.Scramble's food is great and affordable.  Dog friendly patio and good coffee.    Do it up sunnyslope.
3	I really want to like this place. It is only a 10 minute walk from my house, and it is very convenient for me. I have eaten her several times, and have had a few things off of the menu. I highly recommend the brizzas, breakfast pizzas. They are delicious and they are always good. The other items that I have tried have been hit or miss. The Gouda brizza is made with smoked gouda and apple smoked bacon. What can be wrong with that combo? Absolutely nothing! I have also had The Toluca. It has chorizo, peppers, cheese, and jalapeno cream cheese. This brizza is so good, but very rich. I have also had the three cheese omelet. The first time I had it the omelet, it was brown, dry, and inedible. I sent it back and the replacement was excellent. The truth is the rosemary potatoes were the best thing about the meal. This morning I work up with a craving for pancakes. So, I ordered the multigrain pancakes. When they arrived they looked great. However, when I took my first bite I was so disappointed. I went back and looked at the menu, and there was no mention that these were cinnamon pancakes. There was so much cinnamon in these pancakes that they were nearly inedible. Imagine chewing 2 sticks of Big Red chewning gum and taking a bite of pancake. That is what it tasted like. The cinnamon taste actually took my breath away. I couldn't finish them. They left a horrible after taste in my mouth. I love cinnamon, but just not in my pancakes. If I had known that these were cinnamon pancakes, I wouldn't have ordered them. I am sure that I will go back to Scramble, but I am pretty sure I will not order the pancakes again. They should really revise the menu to mention that these are cinnamon pancakes.
5	Just had a delicious lunch at Scramble - I had the turkey club and it was FABULOUS!!!!!
5	Scramble gets 5 stars in my book for having a vegan menu! Usually vegan breakfasts are limited to oatmeal and fruit cups, so I was pleasantly surprised to actually stumble across several options to choose from! The soyrizo tofu scramble burrito was pretty tasty, nothing crazy special. I was so happy that they had nutritional yeast, I added that for a cheesy kick. Cute place, wish there was one in the east valley!
5	This is one of my favorite breakfast eaterys in the valley. they know my order by heart and the staff is so nice! its clean bright and very modern inside. great music everyday and cartoons sports and news on all the tv's ...a little bit for everyone! i wish it was a tad closer to my house for when schools in its harder for me to get there. they need to open more locations!! great place definitly in my top five for breakfasts in the counrty
4	I drove past this place a few times when heading up to North Mountain and Lookout Mountain to go for a hike. My bf and I love to go out to breakfast so I put this on the short list to go to. Today was the day. We headed up 7th and jumped on line. It was very crowded but things moved fast there and the staff was super friendly. I couldn't decide between 2 eggs anyway or the pancakes, come to find out I could get my 2 eggs and sub my toast for the choc chip dollar pancakes. Score. My bf got the meat lovers' scramble with toast. We grabbed a table and they delivered the food fairly quickly. It got a bit tight in the seating area and people were taking chairs and grabbing them for themselves, leaving other tables without. A little frantic but the food was good. AND they had the Women's World Cup on. Bonus!A great neighborhood place. Maybe I'll check out the sports bar and burger place in that plaza as well.
4	Definitely recommend, but I wish it wasn't order at the counter.
3	We decided to try scramble 7/9/11. There was no line when we went, but the place was packed. We did manage to find a one table! Anyways,we looked over the menu and I ordered the chorizo burrito breakfast, and my husband ordered  steak and eggs. Both came with the rosemary potatoes. We also ordered 2 iced teas and a cinnamon roll to bring home.Service was very fast. The staff friendly and the decor had clean lines and was pretty hip. Not fancy, but kinda along the same style as Ikea. The chairs were hard metal. Not to uncomfortable but they looked nice. The vibe is loud, music and plenty of T.Vs every where. And the place is bustling. I did not mind one bit actually. This would be a great place for tourists staying at The Pointe to pop in before they head out for a busy day in Phoenix.My burro arrived and I dug in.  Folks, I like more chorizo than eggs. I am used to having the egg holding the chorizo together. This burro had way more egg and less chorizo. It was like peek a boo chorizo burro. I order one of these so rarely and  I expect them  to be a spicy, sausage fest. I don't want to have to rely on the salsa that came with it to kick it up for me, Although, that salsa had a great flavor! Something I don't care for but it did not taste bad at all. Just more eggy. It also had avocado and a very thin layer of jalapeno cream cheese. I wish it had more. I could not even taste it and had to open up the burro because I did not believe it was there. I asked for my potatoes extra well done and they were just served the regular way. They were good, but not made to my liking. My husband enjoyed his steak and the eggs were ordered over medium but came back with the whites not as set as he liked. More sunny side up. But he loved the potatoes. I was shocked, because he does not care for any type of chunky home fries and hates rosemary. But he thought they were delish. His breakfast also came with a side of toast (sourdough).  I dove in to the cinnamon roll. It was pretty good a bit dry, but not bad and the they gave me a ton of icing to go with it!  They also have a few different flavors of iced tea as well as coffee so something for everyone.  I do plan on going back and will try the french toast. It looked yummy and I almost got it, and should have gone with my gut! I plan on ordering it next time!  The eggs benedict also looked great!The service was friendly and the price is not cheap but not to bad either. Less than Cracker Barrel but more than Denny's. And they had all sorts of side dishes that were relatively inexpensive. I am going to update my review as soon as I return to Scramble to get my french toast on! I like the fact they buy local and I love supporting a local business. Even though its a bit of a drive, I believe this place deserves a second review.
5	Scramble = awesome in my book. Met a friend for brunch one day and ordered the Santa Fe Eggs Benedict. I am a huge Benedict fan and am always in search of the newest most original best eggs Benedict and for right now, Scramble serves it. The Santa Fe eggs Benedict features jalapeno cornbread, ham, poached eggs and chipotle hollendaise. Whoever thought to use jalapeno cornbread (they are more like sweet corn cakes) is a fricken genius! The sweetness of the cornbread/ cake cuts through the saltiness of the ham and then there is a slight spiciness from the hollendaise. So many flavors going around in your mouth!!! Absolutely spectacular. It came with country potatoes which were decent but I liked eating them with the Benedict, together, as one   :)   Scramble is now one of my breakfast spots due to this one eggs Benedict which is the only thing I have tried there. I like the walk up order concept and the modern simple atmosphere works perfectly fine for me. They also allow dogs on the patio which gets me kinda excited to bring one of my little ones (dogs) here!The one bummer is that it is pretty far away from me. The drive from Maricopa out to Squaw Peak which is kinda the general area is about an hour. However, that wont stop me from coming back!
5	We love this place for breakfast, have not tried lunch items.  Multi-grain pancakes with caramel and banana are my faves, the kid likes the choc-chip ones and hubby gets the same bacon, cheese and mushroom omelette every time.  We all love the cheesy hash browns despite the coronary clogging side effects.  Another yelper mentioned the pancakes having too much cinnamon but I did not taste any cinnamon at all and I am not a fan of the popular spice so I would definitely notice an over kill.  The service is always friendly and accommodating, servers that laugh, talk, smile and deliver!  The place is clean, cool and brightly decorated. Not a full service place, you place your order at the counter yet the service does not end at the counter. The staff delivers your food, checks to see if you have everything you need and comes to clear your dishes.  They also frequently bus the beverage area keeping it clean and stocked.  Overall our experiences at Scramble have been excellent, it is now our go to place for breakfast.
5	I have been going to Scramble for 2 years- I can't believe I have not reviewed it yet! I love the casual atmosphere of this place and I love the outside patio when the weather is cooperating. The service is great and the food is even better. They are open for breakfast and lunch. The menu is varied- breakfast pizza's, salads, sandwiches, benedicts etc...My husband loves the gringo burrito. My son loves the eggs benedict and I usually create my meal from the al la carte menu. Try the cinnamon roll....you won't regret it!
5	Scramble is a really great place to have breakfast exactly the way you want it. I love the modern atmosphere and the do-it-yourself coffee and drink bar in the center of the restaurant. My only complaint was that it was fairly busy when we ate there (fairly busy, not overly packed or even busy enough to cause stress to the staff) and the man taking our order at the register was rushing us and behaved in a very unprofessional and impolite way. The rest of the staff was friendly and polite, however, and the food was terrific.
5	Scramble's is one of our favorite breakfast joints. My favorite is the SW burrito.  The place is very contemporary.
2	Scramble is good if you are in the mood for really big portions of sugar-laden pancakes or french toast - and let's face it, sometimes we are in the mood for that. However, my last experience will likely keep me away for good. With only one person taking breakfast orders, it took about 10 minutes to get to the counter. Scramble is one of the few places in the area that has more than one vegan option and I went for the vegan veggie scramble. While waiting, I found a seat in the too-close-for-comfort dining area and unsuccessfully tried to connect to the free wi-fi. I decided to move to the "bar" area (after extricating my flip flop from a blob of syrup that had cemented my foot to the floor), hoping to get a bit more space, but the stools are bolted to the ground and are so high my feet dangled (and I am not a short person). I moved yet again only to look up to see Fox News on the tv - not exactly what I want to see anytime of the day, let alone when I am eating! My food arrived quickly, but the aroma of the rosemary on the sweet potato hash was enough to make my stomach turn, not to mention it looked like a large hockey puck. The tofu scramble was edible only after being doused in hot sauce. The sourdough toast was good, but they do bread-type things well here, so that was no surprise. Bad food, no wi-fi, sticky floors and Fox News = disappointing breakfast.
3	Craving french toast?  Look no further!  Tasty french toast with butter and maple syrup..what else do you really need!   We had the french toast, roasted potatoes, and the sausage and gravy  with biscuits..all was tasty.Sweet vanilla dipped french toast..I gobbled it up and could have had another plate.  The gravy was very thick and full of sausage..and kind of spicy.  The biscuits didn't really look like biscuits more like rolls.Scramble seems to get really busy on the weekends!  Long lines to wait to order and then you have to find a place to eat. We would've sat outside however, the tables were wet.   The staff was really friendly and definitely were helpful in clearing tables to get the next group seated.  However, we had a family who just kept coming and asking us to move over, very annoying.  One of the daughters almost sat on my friend's purse and was not even apologetic for doing so, and then another person came and asked us to move again.  We just ended up leaving because they were annoying for sure and I was just thinking they would have another 3 family members wanting to sit next to them and it doesnt make the best experience for other guests.  So I think somehow, Scramble needs to figure out how to manage large groups, because it was very annoying.  We would've left a tip for the girls but was just annoyed that we left since it felt like we were getting kicked out.  So , go over the week, to avoid these family groups.   Scramble , I will be back but just not the weekends, I don't want to keep moving around while I'm trying to enjoy your  tasty french toast!
4	My boyfriend and I wanted to try someplace new. We have drove by Scramble several times so on this particular morning after we took the kids to daycare we stopped in for breakfast. It's nice and clean inside, you walk in to read a big menu and place your order at the counter. They give you a number to put on your table and the waitress brings your food out.  Both of our food was good, will be back to try different items.
3	I love the concept of this place - We're local and so are our ingredients.  That is cool!  Quick, fast, and good.  The selection is mostly breakfast foods and a small lunch menu.  I got there and there was a line out the door.  WHOA!  The ordering line moved pretty quick.  It is nice to have menus posted where you wait in line, so read up, decide, and order when it is your turn.  I was craving the french toast.  Their version is french baquette, hand cut & dipped in vanilla custard.  And served with a side of applewood bacon.  I also ordered a side of the rosemary potatoes.  I am sucker for potatoes, I just LOVE them.  After ordering, you get your cup and go to the island of drinks (coffees, teas, & sodas).  You get your own utesiles, napkins, etc.  And then pick a seat.  M picked a 2 seater table.  Sweet!  The employee check on us and see how we are doing.  The sweetest people that work there!!  Our food came and it was pretty good.  One of three my pieces of french toast was on the hard side.  The poatoes were pretty good, nothing too special.  There was a group sitting next to us (they were split up because of the amount of people they had).  They kept looking at us to move but we did not.  We are enoying our breakfast, we did not even finish our food YET.  Then just just kept looking at us.  Really?  Finally they moved another table so they can all sit together.  I got refills and came back, we chatted for a little bit then another family member was standing over our table.  He asked us to move so he can sit his group.  We just left the place.  Food is pretty good but the other partons are rude, annoying, and jerks.
3	Place was alright.  Nothing special.  I only got the eggs so tough to compare to other places.  I'll certainly go back and give some other items on the menu a try.  The wait on a Sunday morning, 10ish wasn't so bad at all.
5	We went for the first time today and we were thoroughly impressed! It was a late Tuesday morning so there were only a few other customers present. The staff was very friendly and the decor creates a great atmosphere. Great food selection to choose from for breakfast. I had the caramel banana pancakes in multigrain and they were the best pancakes I've ever had!!! My mom got the veggie scramble with potats and really like it. My husband loved the french toast and thought the cinnamon roll was pretty good. We are so glad we found this breakfast spot and will definitely be going back!
2	I expected soooo much more! I am almost heart broken...Kind of.The meat lovers scramble was to die for...So why only 2 stars? The amount of food given i could have gotten double at my favorite breakfast spot for the price paid. they scramble maybe like 1 or 2 eggs and throw in some meat but it just did not seem like a reasonable price for how little was on my plate and i paid extra for a slice of french toast. if i would have known that the french toast wasn't as amazing as some people make it to be they do not know mouth watering french toast like i do. If you are craving french toast go to Crackers and Co. Not scramble! If i go to scramble again i would stick with the toast and potatoes with the scramble but i might try something else next time.  Then update my review. But for now i am sticking with the two stars for the taste of the meat lovers scramble.  I love how many hot sauces they had so it will give me more to experiment with next time.  Their rosemary potatoes are so much better than wildflower bread company whose are way too salty for my taste.  Service was decent even though its not a real sit down place where people constantly check to see how you are doing. So service in general too me wasn't anything out of this world over the top status.The place itself was clean and comfortable. But not for a long period of time. :)Until then i wasn't so disappointed that i will never go again i am just not fond of how little food you get or think you will get for how much you spend. for $8 you get mostly bread and potatoes. Awesome right?:| :\
4	Really good food and service. I wish they were open early enough for me to swing by and pick up breakfast on my way to work!
3	Friendly service, a nice change of pace. The veggie scramble was tasty, just wished there was more scramble and less carbs. They didn't upcharge for a few substitutions we made, which was awesome. Jalapeno cornbread was a nice change of pace, but didn't taste on bit of Jalapeno. Vegan burrito was nice size, and sweet potato hash was a fun and different offering.
3	Methinks Yelp outta have the ability to scramble 3 and 4 stars to yield 3 1/2.Scramble has a lot going for it.  I like the idea that it's brought a bit of new life to the Sunnyslope area.  It's great when a business sees potential for growth in an area others may not.  It's also got a clean, mod decor and local sourced products.  More wins for us all!  Four stars!When it comes to the food, I wasn't especially impressed.  I ordered the Santa Fe Eggs Benedict (eggs, Jalapeno corn bread, cured ham & chipotle hollandaise) and while it was good, the only flavor standout was the cured ham.  It came with a side of just-above-room-temperature rosemary potatoes and while I could SEE a few specks of rosemary, I couldn't TASTE any rosemary.  While delivering the The Gouda Brizza (Eggs, smoked Gouda & applewood bacon) carryout order I placed for a friend, the aroma wafting through the car made me wonder if I'd made the wrong choice from the menu.  As it turns out, maybe I didn't.  I'm told it was OK for flavor, but the crust looked and tasted like a glorified cracker and there was no discernible flavor of gouda.  The service was fine, but could use a little more pep, considering people are there to jump start their day.  Three stars.I can't say I'm completely disappointed in Scramble, but it could step it up a small notch when it comes to flavor/texture and price.  Breakfast pizza hasn't really caught on in PHX the way it has on the east coast.  Back east an entire (full size) breakfast pizza can be purchased for little more than the personal size available at Scramble.  Then again, price is soon forgotten when quality is the star.
4	Dug it. Had the soyrizo burrito, very tasty. The potato hash I didn't like so much, sweet potatoes with vegetables tasted a little weird to me personally. Felt like the service could've been a wee bit faster as it wasn't terribly busy, but I liked everything overall. Will go back again to try something different! Dug the contemporary feel of everything.
4	The above average food quality, friendly staff, and a hip trendy space makes for a great way to start your day. I opted for a tradition breakfast of bacon, eggs, potatoes, and toast and was quite pleased.
5	what a great place for breakfast ! great stop after a Hike up North Mountain ,    the FOOD , no matter what you order, pancakes or MEAT scrambled it IS ALL AMAZING !   the  Rosemary potatoes are tender and never dry !     the place is super clean and managed by the cool cat, Cameron..... it's a very sensible , NOT OVER STUFFED omelette . size portions are perfect !     WE WILL BE BACK .....
4	Good healthy option in Phoenix.  Lots of vegan, vegetarian and healthy options.  It's a self-service place - you wait in line to put in your order, find a table, bring the number to your table and someone brings out your food to your table.I had the vegan scramble with the sweet potato hash.  The vegan scramble was scrambled tofu with tumeric - it was DELICIOUS.  The sweet potato hash was a bit strange at first but very tasty.Rosemary potatoes were also delicious.  And the whole wheat toast is great - not the generic supermarket quality but a good hearty bread.The capuchino that I got for free for checking in on Foursquare was delicious (very strong). However, the one negative on this place is that their drip coffee is atrocious - I mean, it tasted like water.  Literally. I tried the Italian and the decaf and both were watery - no taste at all.  I hope that today it was just an off day, because given how tasty everything else is and the fact that they are a brunch place that coffee quality would be so poor.
4	I love restaurants like this. Sort of like a Chipotle with a little less fast-food esthetic. The decor is modern and clean, the service is efficient, nearly everything is help yourself. Wife and I split the veggie omelette with toast, they actually served us separate plates, an excellent touch. Son had a grilled cheese which was delicious. The meal was quick and we were in an out in no time.
4	Walked in and there was a wee bit of a line.Moved quickly, no biggie, no drama (3 yr old boy's boy and 7 mo. little princess)Ordered  the breakfast pizza, a burrito and some oj-the super cheap husband balked at the price of the oj. The husband was turned around when he tasted the oj-fresh, so fresh. A little more hyped than i thought it deserved, but overall good stuff.
2	My girlfriend and I chose to eat at Scramble due to the lack of well reviewed and decently priced Scottsdale breakfast locations. Upon entering, we found ourselves in a long line of yelper foodies in the same situation as we were. The decor is modern and the ordering set up is like a fast food joint: wait in line, order, find a seat and wait for your food. The wait was about 20 minutes and there are tvs set up to enjoy while waiting at your table. Although important, these details are not by any means the reason for a two star review. The food and the pricing was actually a bit over hyped. Our meal, for two people, cost almost $30 and the portions were VERY small. I ordered the baguette french toast which was chewy, tasty, and pretty small. This dish is an off shoot from traditional french toast which and was ordinary at best. The bacon that accompanied this dish was very good and you only get two slices. I also ordered a side of rosemary potatoes for around $3 which were dry and cold. My girlfriend got the meat lovers scramble and considering the name of the restaurant, we figured this breakfast would be a sure shot. Well it wasnt. The scramble was skimpy, dry, bland, light on the meat, and came with the same rosemary potatoes and hard cold toast. Also, we were very dissappointed with the cinnamon roll because it did not look anything like it did in the picture. It was dry and slathered with overpowering cream cheese frosting. The only saving grace for this place was the orange juice, which seemed to be freshly squeezed, and the coffee. We won't be returning for another visit.
4	Top notch restaurant for breakfast options.  Please not that I tend to be biased against places famous for breakfast.  I can't give you a good reason why, though.  It's just how I am.  The food at Scramble, however, is worth mentioning.I read about Scramble in Phoenix Magazine.  Turns out I have driven past it many times and never knew it existed.  Very happy to have picked up that issue (I don't read it on a regular basis).  Their Santa Fe style Eggs Benedic was great.  It's served with ham on jalapeno  corn bread and covered with a chipotle hollandaise sauce.  Rosemary potatoes are served on the side.  It wasn't as spicy as I hoped it would be but it was delicious.  The Costa burrito is also worth a mention as is the salsa it was served with.One minor beef I have with Scramble is overpriced beverages.  It's a sacrifice I am willing to make.  When the food is quality I won't hold above average drink prices against Scramble.Give Scramble a shot.  You'll be back.
3	If you live more on the west side, this breakfast nook off 7th street is pretty good. I've been here a few times and everything is always good. The prices are a teensy bit too high for me, but not by much. The pancakes/french toast are delish (ask for the blueberry sauce) and the omelets and sausages are excellent too. Scramble is great place to try once and awhile but I wouldn't make it my everyday spot.
4	I appreciate the classy casual atmosphere of this place.   Self serve drinks, very clean, yummy food.  What's not to like?  Well, some of the plates are a bit small for the price. Coffee, teas and sodas are OK but other drinks are pricey, They do breakfast and lunch, but I've only gone for breakfasts.  I like the breakfast pizzas.  The last time I got scrambled eggs my toast and potatoes were just barely warm. Not good! Outdoor tables are available.
5	We had breakfast here a few weeks ago and I thoroughly enjoyed it. At first I didn't care for the ordering process; however after experiencing the service and meal, I was very pleased. I liked the decor and ambiance. We sat on the patio-which really sets this place above other restaurants, however that type of space/set-up is hard to come by in Phoenix. Being dog-friendly was another plus. There were several things I wanted to try, But I opted for the Gouda and bacon Brizza and Dave had the Santa Fe Eggs Benedict. Of course I had coffee - and it was delicious! The Brizza was very big, I ate just 1/2 (at it stuck with me all day). I felt the cheese/bacon proportions were perfect and flavorful. I sampled the eggs benedict - also delicious! I felt the prices were good and the menu selection was well balanced. Obviously I am not a vegetarian; however I respect their large vegetarian menu and their practice of separating the cooking areas and dishes - definitely not an easy task on their part - so that is very cool. I can't wait to try some other dishes!
3	I ended up going to this restaurant after finding that Timo's was closed.  The food is great for what it is.  It is set up like a cross between a cafeteria and a diner.....not my usual choice for eating.  When you walk in your hearded down a narrow walk where you are lead to a register.  You order your food and get your utensils, drinks, condements, napkins,....pretty much everything yourself.  I"m a restaurant snob so they lost points for that but it may not be a concern for you.  The food was good, nothing to write home about.  Service was friendly and polite.  If you are going to be meeting people, don't pick this restaurant.  There is NO WHERE TO WAIT for people, not even a bench out side and you can't sit until you order.
5	Ok peeps, let's chat.  The lady and I moved to the gayborhood a few months ago and were looking for a new brekky hang out.  Enter Scramble.  Cute place, nice and bright with lots of seating inside and out.  The have large menus on the wall for you to read while standing in line.  They have much to choose from, and for the veg-folk, they have four different vegan options!! I swoon over their vegan French toast, with syrup, Smart Balance, and a side of fruit (but I always order it with the sweet potato hash cause that's better! It's sweet pots mixed with mushrooms and zucchini and rosemary).  They serve vegan items on specific vegan plates and cook with a separate grill, how rad is that?  I truly appreciate their consideration.  Once while I was in there, I had a chance to chat with the owner, and I asked if he was vegan.  He said that he wasn't but that his brother is, so he tries hard to be conscious of the non-animal eating people, and also said that if there was anything that I thought would be good to eat, to let him know and he'd check it out.  Coooool!!
5	HAPPY BIRTHDAY Scramble !  as always , another great breakfast and served with a smile !   and even better , it was 50% off  this morning !  The staff is top of the scale when it comes to customer service , and run by a "WORKING " Manager.... great to see !  food is always FRESH and done just the way I like it every time.  Glad You are here in the Valley of the Sun , right where you belong !
4	the vegan french toast, served on slices of fresh french baguette, is incredible and truly unique! ive never seen it offered any place in my travels, so extra props for thinking of the veggies during breakfast! they have a few other vegan options as well.extremely friendly staff....who i guess was the owner/manager walked by the table and asked if we were happy with the meal. my friend had some toast left over and she asked him if he didnt like it, to which he replied with an honest no. she offered another option, but my friend politely refused, as he was already full. minutes later she walked out and handed my friend $2.50 back! truly a sign that the good people at scramble do care dearly about their food and customers.Outdoor seating is a plus, too!
5	This place was a great find for breakfast! The food was so delicious.  I had a southwest burrito and my boyfriend had the Santa Fe Eggs Benedict, we shared a brizza (breakfast pizza) - The Toluca.  Everything, including the coffee, was fantastic.  The staff was super friendly.  The restaurant is cool, clean, and roomy.  The egg-inspired artwork was super cute! I was in Phoenix for a business trip and this was a recommendation by the hotel staff - 100% spot on! I can't wait to get back to Phoenix.
4	We are in town to catch some Spring Training games and always on the lookout for local gems. We were looking for a breakfast spot close to our hotel and the reviews for this place looked good. This restaurant is fast casual. You order at a register, similar to a place like Pei Wei, get a number and find a table. I ordered the Brizza which is a breakfast pizza with Gouda and Applewood Smoked Bacon. The wife had the breakfast burrito with chorizo.  The kids wanted oatmeal, and we got the smalls for them. The food was brought out by a cheerful server, the rest like silverware and beverages are self serve. The food was delicious. The Brizza was awesome and definitely tasted like breakfast. My wife loved her burrito, which had nice spice but was not overwhelming. The kids were happy. My only knock on the place like others have mentioned was the drink prices. Everything was $2.50 to $3.00, which took our bill for four north of $40 which is bordering on the hotel prices. Overall excellent food quality and enjoyable atmosphere. High recommend from me.
2	Was disappointed with our meal at Scramble this time. We have eaten here before and it was fine. Not great but acceptable. My over medium eggs were really over easy (don't like runny egg whites). I asked for fruit instead of toast and got a fruit cup of cantaloupe and two grapes. Eh. They do have good vegan selections, so next time we have vegan guests I may give them another shot...but not too soon.
5	Fast friendly service, fresh good breakfast foods.
4	I will make this short and sweet since everything there is to say about Scramble has already been said. One word - Sweet Potato Hash. Sweet baby Jesus that is some good eats. What I loved even more was the fact that I was able to substitute it for my regular potatoes for no extra charge. Sweet. Sadly this will become a regular spot for me after my hike up North Mountain on any given Saturday. Tsk, tsk, tsk!
5	This was my favorite breakfast place in Phoenix.  Often when I have breakfast out I end up feeling over sated and a little greasy: from the eggs and potatoes or the extra rich pancakes.  I didn't feel that way at all after eating at Scramble.  I had an excellent veggie scramble  with good sourdough toast.  The coffee was a strong, dark roast that I enjoyed, though a little too strong for me to love it.  There's free WiFi and a cheerful atmosphere.  It's casual dining (order at the counter, food brought to your table).  I wish there was a Scramble close to my home in California.  If there were, I'd go there often.
4	I live walking distance from Scramble and let me tell you, that is a scary thought. I eat there way too often. I love their breakfast burritos because their hearty and flavorful unlike the run of the mill kind at other places. I've also gotten the breakfast pizza and a turkey club. Both were good, but the Costa breakfast burrito is still my favorite. The ambience is so relaxing and the staff is always friendly. Only problem that took a whole star off is the price. Being a broke college kid, I wish they had some items that were a bit more affordable. But nonetheless, I still love this place. Definitely a great place to stop after hiking North Mountain.
5	The reason for five stars.....Great serviceGreat prices Super cleanFood deliciousIf I'm ever in the area I will for sure visit this place.
5	Good oj. Good pizza sample. The cafeteria style is kinda cool but usually it can be so busy that its frustrating! The bacon is very thick which is a great change compared to all the greasy spoon breakfast joints. The oatmeal is good and hugely proportioned. The french toast is yummy as are the simple breakfast meals. The red potatoes are great!! It has a vegan menu as well. I usually get the iced teas they have on the counter which I think are great! The service is always great and I haven't really had any disappointing visits, can't wait to come back!
4	Scramble is a business catered towards the breakfast experience (reminds me of Snooze in Denver/SD) and it sure delivers. Great good , great ambiance and pleasant service. They even have Brizza- short for breakfast pizza !
3	I've been here twice now and I just can't say that I love it or would highly recommend it.I've had both breakfast burritos and prefer the Costa (spicy chorizo).  Ask for the jalapeno cream cheese, that stuff is awesome.  Usually I overdue it and gorge on a breakfast burrito, but I didn't want to finish my meal both times I went.  Don't get me wrong, it's not bad, it's just not great.The food was cooked well enough and tasted fresh, though the rosemary potatoes were cold and not very good both times I went.  Highly recommend the Cafe Caramel Coffee, incredible.  Short of that, everything else lacked the wow factor or really great overall flavor.  They seemed to play it safe across the menu.  Even the pancakes were a little bland.On a side note, they make their waitresses wear wife beaters, which I thought was pretty original/cool.
5	Excellent customer service- very friendly staff. Food was slightly pricey but delicious nonetheless.
4	Ere is correct "Great service, great prices, super clean, food delicious."  This place is well decorated and family friendly.The food is really good (I had biscuits and gravy, he had a burrito).  The coffee is unexpectedly exceptional.  I also like that there are several TVs with different options:  Food Network, Nickelodeon, ESPN.  Something for everyone?  Sure!
2	Stopped in for breakfast this morning & didn't care much for the place.  It started with a 10 minute wait in line to pay.  Then it was another 15+ minutes before the food came out.I ordered a "Ginormous" Breakfast, which it wasn't.  This consisted of 3 eggs, 3 smallish pancakes, 3 small pieces of very salty ham, & some rather dry potato wedges, for $10.To me, it wasn't as good as the same priced breakfasts at some of our other choices around town such as Matt's, & I doubt that I will return here again.
4	We had a great first visit to Scramble yesterday.  You have to remember that it is cafeteria style ordering so do not expect a waitress.  We were fine with that.  The Santa Fe Eggs Benedict were great.  The spicy hollandaise went great with the corn bread cakes.  Highly recommended for those that like spicy and have not tried Eggs Benedict our do not like traditional hollandaise. It comes with rosemary potatoes which were okay but home fries would have been better.  The french toast was better than most.  Also recommended. The star of breakfasthad to have been the sweet rolls.  The reviews are right on these.  Ours was moist all the way through.  The whole family raved about the sweet rolls.  We will be back for sure even though it is far from the house.
5	ANOTHER YELP WIN!awesome vegan brunch. the sis & I split the french toast & bfast burrito.  both were incredible.  tasty soy latte, too.kids had all kinds of modifications & special requests- not a single eye was rolled.love the sleek, modern decor. service was great. went on a Sunday at prime brunch time & there was no problem with the wait.
4	I really like Scramble. I take my Dad here whenever he is town to visit. I love how you walk up to order at the register and pay, but then your food is brought to you. They offer loose leaf tea, which I am a huge fan of..I always get the chamomile. It's not an overly greasy place, like many breakfast establishments are, and overall, it's very charming. The staff is very friendly, all healthy looking themselves, and they run an efficient ship. It's always a little busy when I go on the weekends, but it's never been an unreasonable wait.
4	I have visited Scramble many times since they introduced the vegan menu items, which is why I was surprised I had not reviewed them. Scramble is getting 4 stars instead of 3 because I truly appreciate the effort to offer vegan items and how they responded to vegan inquiries. Having said that, a few minor things continue to bother me:1. I feel like the tofu in the vegan burrito isn't really seasoned anymore. It was never heavily seasoned but I feel like it's gotten a bit more bland and sometimes appears like its just plain tofu heated up. 2. I feel like the tortilla would be better if it was grilled a bit. It seems kind of chalky and cold when I am wanting it to be browned and slightly warm.3. The soy chorizo is a nice addition but it's kind of close in texture and consistency to the tofu so it all just blends together. Something like some veggie sausage or tempeh bacon in with the tofu or as an option would be a great. It might seem like I am complaining but lets face it, you don't have many vegan options in Phoenix for breakfast. Ironically that might be why I am not impressed as much now as was forced to figure out how to make a mean vegan scramble and vegan breakfast sandwich at home for all these years, so maybe I have just had more practice and now I know what works and what doesn't.The sweet potato hash is still fantastic and was a knock out addition to the menu (for vegans and omnis!)I still dig the decor, it's always clean, the service is good, the bathrooms are nice and the consistency issues seems to have gotten much better. Scramble would really be an easy 5 stars in my book with some more attention to improving the vegan selections. Maybe I am asking for too much but I am a vegan and we like to whine and complain a lot so there!
3	Food is alright. I feel like you have to go on a good day to get service and good food. I have been there on different occasions where the food has been to die for and than other times id rather die than eat it. Owners are quite nice as well. Idk its a love hate relationship... I feel like this place is dennys quality with a designer name too it!
4	Per my Mom "An omelet you don't have to add seasoning to! It's so open and airy, they even have the food network on TV! Everything has so much flavor" We loved this place on Mother's Day. Although the line was out the door, it moved quickly. This place was very cool with big screen TV's everywhere, upbeat and fun music playing over the intercom, as well as a hip and fun environment. This place is definitely one of our new favorite breakfast places!
4	Scramble is a refreshing change to counter service.  They offer a smile, good/fresh food, and they are all about supporting the local economy.  This does come with a price so don't expect a Denny's special.I prefer the breakfast burrito, enough to keep me full until dinner, and my wife usually eats the Santa Fee Benedict.  Everything we have eaten here is delicious.  I would definitely recommend a side of bacon, thick and tasty.  Wash it all down with some OJ or a Iced Mocha and you should leave happy.Perfect way to end a hike from North Mountain or start a long day after a late night.  Thank you Scramble.
4	This place is such a surprise. Strip mall location, but boutique quality food and totally refreshing atmosphere. The food is great and the owners care. I love it!
5	Great place. Friendly obliging staff. Well organized. Food delicious and presented attractively. Menu--something for everyone.  Love it.
3	Its a fun little place.  Awesome French toast and since we were splitting our breakfast, they made sure they gave us everything on separate plates.  The staff was attentive and helpful.  Food good...just something about the place doesn't knock my socks off.  I think I just like to come in, sit down and have someone bring me my menu and coffee.
4	Michael and I tried the Ginormous, it was big enough for us to share.  Nice patio seating.  Great place for breakfast!
4	Went there with my family on a Saturday morning and had an excellent breakfast. Try the Santa Fe Benedict, it was great. Very clean and bright and efficient and friendly staff. Definitely be back.
2	OMG. What trippy breakfast experience. Someone has teleported Walt Disney's automated breakfast restaurant of the future right out of Epcot Center and on to North 7th Street in Phoenix.Hop on the ride at the door where you pass the menu on the wall. Read fast because this ride doesn't stop. Don't lose your place in line! It's all about queuing here at Disney.Give your order to the orange, expressionless, automaton robot-babe. Receive a number. Find a table and wait for Disney Magic to happen as dozens of orange robot-babes rush about delivering platters, busing plates and hauling coffee urns.Tables full? Don't worry. Crowd management is covered here at Disney/Scramble. When tables are full, one or two order taking orange robot-babes shut down to reduce the flow into the restaurant. At Disney, everyone gets to the front of the line...and to their share of the breakfast magic...sooner or later.The food? Utterly soulless, just like the robot-babes.Rosemary potatoes? Yup. There's potato. There's rosemary. Can't argue with that. Scramble browns? Perfectly formed circle. Browned dark on one side; light on the other. Don't like it too dark? Turn it over!Multigrain pancakes? Multigrained? Yup. Pancake? Yup. Perfectly round? Yup. Consistently sized? Yup. Too much cinnamon to cover the bland basic mix? Yup. Lots of syrup? Yup!!! Robot-babe, bring more syrup! I say these pancakes are just as good as any frozen Eggo product you're going to find!Poached egg? It was poached. Nice yellow yolk, just like the safe eggs from Safeway. Served in a nice little cup to keep them from running all over your plate.Scramble Latte? Super sugary!Coffee? Yes. Bold option? Bold! Regular option? Regular!ALERT! ALERT! ALERT! Someone call Hyatt Place. The orange robot-babes have stolen all their square white plates. They are the perfect dishes for the automated restaurant of the future: unbreakable, stackable, space-saving, and easy to load and remove from an automated dish washing system!Got a group? No problem! All the tables are sized for two and are portable so they can be moved all around the restaurant to provide seating for a couple, a family or even a whole book club! Be careful though. I would advise against creating any unique arrangements, say such as lining up tables on a 45-degree angle. I suspect the robot-babes could not compute. The entire restaurant could spin out of control and crash. Experiment with caution.Folks, this food is every bit as good as the "free breakfast" you can get at La Quinta, Holiday Inn Express and Hyatt Place and better automated. Plus you get orange robot-babes! If you like your hotel breakfast, you're gonna LOVE this place.
4	Wish I had known about this place years ago so I am really late to the party.  However, better late than never!  This place has something for everyone including many delicious Vegan options. The French Toast is probably the best French Toast I have ever had, vegan or otherwise.  The staff is friendly, fast and the atmosphere is welcoming with a contemporary twist.  The prices are very reasonable and everything is very healthy.  Love everything about this place and am telling as many people as I can about it.  Go as many times a week as you can people!
4	I like this place. Definitely cleaner and has better ambience than your typical breakfast joint.  I also like that it's an order at the counter type of place.I've been a few time and always gotten the two egg breakfast with the potatoes and the toast. I've had the eggs prepared a few different ways and they've always done a good job. No overcooked poached eggs here. Their breakfast burritos look good but I've yet to try them.A great breakfast stop if you're in the area.
5	Absolutely wonderful. Very modern decor and friendly service. I have had the eggs benedict, biscuits and gravy and both of the breakfast burritos. You order at the counted, take your number and they bring you your food. Everything I have eaten here was delicious! Well flavored and a huge portions. The staff is also very nice! I also love their naturally flavored teas.
3	I would rank this place as a 3.5 rounded down to a three. It's an adorable place- sleek and cute 60's mod, bright and cheery. My husband and I had brunch here on a Monday am, so it was quiet and comfortable. It's a Chipotle or Paradise style place, where you line up, order, and then take your seat while food is brought out to you. The middle ground between fast food and restaurant.I remember the food being good, but not outstanding. His was better than mine, but I think part of the reason that was so was because he had a really rich chipotle sauce on his. I hadn't been up to something that rich that morning. And while they do have a full compliment of traditional breakfast drinks, I was extremely disappointed that they didn't have mimosas or bloody mary's. I think if they did it would've kicked this review up from 3.5 to 4 stars. An enjoyable experience, but not something I'd drive from halfway across town for.
3	Just OK with overall food. Not the best of the toasts or omlets served. Good ambience to have food and start your day with a nice coffee.
4	It was a pretty good breakfast at a reasonable price. I had two multi-grain chocolate chip pancakes. They were plate-sized and thick. I thought they were great and they came with two sausage patties for less than $8. Hubby had western omelet. He really enjoyed it and it was also huge and less than $8. It also came with two thick slices of toast (cut on the diagonal for 4 triangles total) and rosemary potatoes that were good. We went early in the afternoon on a Saturday and most of the breakfast/lunch crowd had dissipated.We definitely will eat here again.
3	Well to be fair, Im between 3 and 4 stars. I like the place, it has nice atmosphere and I will be back. I like that you order at the counter, wait is very reasonable, and patio area in nice and not crammed. Food is alright, but nothing exceptional or way better than at any other place. Having said that, $23 for breakfast and coffee for 2 is a bit too much for me. I had eggs, they were ok and that's it. Next time I'll try something that got all the positive reviews and see if my a-ok feeling will get up.
4	We were deciding between US Egg and Scramble, I'm so glad we decided to go here. I ordered the vegetarian scramble with sun dried tomato, squash, zucchini, onion and Monterey cheese. The sweetness from the tomato was delicious. The scramble came with rosemary potatoes and toast. Rosemary + crispy potatoes, what's not to love? I decided to skip the toast and add the whole wheat pancakes. When our waitress set my plate down the smell of cinnamon was overwhelming and inviting. They put fresh cinnamon in the pancake batter. I don't normally eat a large breakfast, but from time to time I will make an exception and visit Scramble. The restaurant is very clean, simply decorated and had good music in the background.
5	Scramble has a great thing going.  The santa fe eggs benny is amazing.  Don't forget to end breakfast with the best cinnamon roll in town.  This place is very consistent and has a great staff.
2	French toast hard, had to use my knife with force.  Never had scrambled eggs flat and perfectly round.  They were not fluffy or tasty. Won't go back I've had better
3	I'm so bummed this place was not as tasty as I would've liked it to be. The place is cute and cozy ...and that's it. Coffee is average. My husband had steak and eggs with bacon on the side. I had the vegan burrito. He was upset with his meal as it had "no taste." His potatoes were "cold and tasteless." Eggs had no seasoning and his steak was "just full of pepper." Bacon was "undercooked" with the plate drenched in oil. Doesn't the chef know you have to put the bacon on paper towel first? My burrito was ok. It barely had any soyrizo and had no kick to it. I was anticipating some spice as it indicated an icon of "spicy" next to the description. The sweet potato was overwhelmed with rosemary spice. Would've given this place 2 stars but this place deserves a 3 for its cleanliness
4	Wow, what a great stop for breakfast.  I was hesitant to go here because I used to go here when it was Le Peep and it was just okay  but now it is has a  refreshed look, new name, great food, and a newer type restaurant that you order at the register and they bring out your food but still have waiter service.  I love the atmosphere and service was great.  I ordered a western omelet and it was delish, the potatoes are fresh cut looking and very flavorful.  My daughter got a breakfast sandwich with ham, cheese and egg that was great!  Check it out soon.
3	Boyfriend and I met his parents here on a beautiful Saturday morning. The place was packed, but since it's an order at the counter, take your number to the table place, there was no problem finding a spot on their sunny-yet-shaded patio.I appreciate that it's semi-self serve, because that means I can refill my coffee as much as I want and grab any condiments I want (Cholula! Varieties of Tabasco! Ketchup!), but I think the price-point is a little steep for this type of service. Almost $50 for 4 at breakfast? I dunno. Seemed a little ridiculous.{Side note: What irked the HELL out of me was watching people bark at the food runners to go back in multiple times for silverware, napkins, etc. GET IT YOURSELF. IT'S RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOUR FACE WHILE YOU FILL YOUR SODA. THESE PEOPLE ARE CLEARLY BUSY. YOU ARE LAZY.}My omelet had a really tasty combo of roasted veggies, and I loved the way the zingy sun dried tomatoes played off the fresh mozzarella. The roasted rosemary potatoes were tasty enough, although Wildflower's are better in my opinion. Toast was toast. Get your choice of jellies when you go pick up your own silverware and napkins, because you are not a dick and can do it yourself.The place was slammed by the time we left, but all the staff was still as smiley as can be. I just can't get past that price point though. If we were back in the area and hungry, I'd certainly try it again...just with someone else footing the bill.
4	We eat at Scramble about once per month.  There are not that many great breakfast joints in Phoenix compared to other pasts of the USA.  Scramble has a wide selection of menu.  They allow free self service  refills of coffee and sodas which is unique for breakfast places.A great place compared to other choices in North Phoenix!  The food is also pretty healthy.
4	Based on the Toluca Brizza (The chorizo with jalepeno cream cheese scrambled egg breakfast pizza), one can be sure I will be SCRAMBLING back to return for more! Corny pun intended, indeed! I ordered this round slice of scrumptiousness with a side of sweet potato hash and the Scramble Latte to wash it down and prevent me from a food coma, so I could have a productive day (...watching football). At around 9am, a line already formed all the way outside the restaurant and a bit into one of the front parking spaces. We probably waited about more than 15 mins but less than 21 mins to get up to the order counter. We watched helplessly as we saw other groups of people find tables and save them before ordering against the restaurant's official courtesy sign on a pedestal that tells them not to. Fortunately, by the time we ordered, there were still tables available because people had left, and by 9:35, there was no more line. Funny thing is... right at 10am again, it gets crowded and there's a line. That's because people tell each other to meet at exact rounded times, 8am, 9am, 10am.... If you pick an odd time, it throws people off and it's less crowded. Also, thanks to its great location, it's a hot spot for hikers to meet up after doing the trails nearby. There were tons of people after the Race for the Cure today here too. It's definitely a trendy place to be! But, it can be whatever it wants to be, because it is super good and fairly quick once you order!
3	I finally returned to Scramble because my family loves this place. I was literally missing time with my peeps, so I thought I should try it again. I am actually glad I came back. I ordered the chop salad with balsamic vinaigrette and an iced tea. The tea has always been excellent and the salad was good. Nothing extra special, but not terrible. I will return without kicking and screaming this time.
4	I went to Scramble this weekend with the BF while waiting for my car to be fixed. You come in and order at the counter and then sit down. We went at about 10 am on a Saturday and it was busy, but there were tables available. I had the alma brizza. What an awesome idea! The crust was good, the brizza was flavorful, my only problem with it was that it was WAY too big. I ate half and was full. The BF got biscuits and gravy and said it tasted like pepperoni pizza...in a good way. The breakfast was not at all healthy, but if I were in the neighborhood, I would go back.
4	My best friend and I found this place via yelp after a horrendous experience at Mimi's Cafe... so happy we did! Food is great and everyone is so friendly. You can eat out on the patio with shaded tables, or you can eat inside while they play great music (we were dancing to James Brown while ordering our food). It'll be our new breakfast spot from now on!
4	After the crappy experience at MIMI's  cafe, we yelped breakfast spots and BINGO! we found this place. It was close by so it was a plus! We got there and its freaking awesome. Their order style is like Pei Wei, you dont have to deal wtih servers and stuff, but the staff is awesome. They were super nice and attentive! Their food was delicious! we got the french toast and the steak and eggs. It was so filling but not to the point to where you wanna throw up. the location sucks, but with how great this place is, who cares! We found our new breakfast spot! No more iHop, Dennys, etc!
1	It's just breakfast. Eggs, Potatoes and Pancake Flour cost pennies not $9.00. Take $2.00 off every meal and stop overcharging.
2	Nice people but I didn't love it. The sausage was really fatty and the multi-grain pancakes were heavy as lead. My friend didn't like her meal either especially because the red potatoes were overcooked on the outside and undercooked on the inside.
5	This place is amazing and we were so surprised to find it in Phoenix of all places. Scramble offers many breakfast and lunch options for vegan, vegetarians and regular meat eating folks.I decided to try one of the vegan options: a spinach, mushroom and sun dried tomato tofu scramble with sweet potato hash and rye toast. I also got a soy mocha and an OJ. Everything was brilliant and the coffee was the best one I've had in the US so far. I struggled to finish but made sure I stuck at it until I did.Food service was prompt and customer service not bad either. The server pointed out a few touristy places nearby for us to look at and was pretty friendly. The outdoor seating was nice and the had a good mountain view. The server advised us they were looking to expand into other locations in the near future. My vote is for New York, hope to see you here Scramble :D
5	Scramble has quickly become a favorite weekend breakfast place for me. My breakfast of choice (as of right now, anyway) is their bacon and mushroom omelet with the roasted potatoes, wheat toast with a dab of butter, and a large iced chai tea. Love! They have lunch options as well, not just breakfast -- come hungry! If you arrive and the line is out the door, don't worry -- it moves quickly. Place your order, grab your number and find a seat. They bring your meal to you after it's been made.  Seating is available inside or outside on a cute patio. Inside, one end has a couple TVs. For singles, there's great counter seating at the window overlooking the patio. The patio is dog-friendly.
4	My hubby and I have driven by this place for over a year! We finally moseyed our way on over to this spot. What took us so long? Oh my gosh! We should have come here earlier. This is a spot with modern decor, a simple menu, and fresh flavors. How can you not love a spot with quotes on the wall like this one?"It may be the cock that crows, but it is the hen that lays the eggs." Margaret ThatcherHeck yeah! They had a hen in the back droppin' some bomb eggs on our plates and they were oh so tasty.For our first time visit we decided to try the Veggie Lovers Scramble. We loved the Veggie Lovers Scramble. The Veggie Lovers Scramble includes eggs scrambled with bell peppers, sun dried tomatos, and cheese. The eggs are served with rosemary potatoes and four slices of some freakin' tasty toast. Did I already say tasty? Sure did, and I'll say it again. This food was flippin' tastay!!!While enjoyin' our tasty food, we found ourselves next to someone else who was also a first time visitor. He was throwin' down on some biscuits and gravy. He said that he hadn't had biscuits and gravy since the 70's, and he felt like he was right at home when he ate from his plate. Any food that transports you back to you childhood is alright with me. Remember that flashback moment that the critic had in Ratatouille? I think our new neighbor at Scramble was having a similar experience.Portions were a nice size, and the staff was friendly. This is a nice brunch spot. We're more than likely eating brunch there tomorrow. Get there early if you are going on the weekend, this spot is usually packed.
5	The husband and I love this place. We have been coming here ever since we moved to the neighborhood and both the food and service is consistently amazing. We have tried most of the breakfast menu but haven't dived into the lunch menu. Our favorite is the Gouda brizza (breakfast pizza) - smoked gouda, bacon, hollandaise sauce, and scrambled eggs. Yum! On lazy weekends, we order this to go and enjoy back at our place. When we dine in, it's a mix. Their Costa breakfast burrito is delicious - something the husband orders frequently. I really like their mushroom and bacon omelet, but I also enjoy their "two eggs anyway" meal. I normally get scrambled eggs, bacon, pancakes, and fruit (instead of potatoes). Super delicious and filling. Another favorite are the Biscuits and Gravy. Now this is amazing! The biscuits are super soft on the inside and slightly crunchy on the outside. They just melt in your mouth! The gravy is the perfect accompaniment. It's thick and filled with sausage. These are some of the best B&Gs I've had! The best part is how inexpensive yet utterly delicious they are! I love that it's a local place that uses local food. Everything is fresh and the staff is outstanding. We've taken both sets of parents here as well as friends. This is definitely the go-to breakfast place. If you are ever in the area, you should definitely check it out!
4	Delicious! Had the Gringo Breakfast burrito, with salsa.  Good size burrito, I actually was really surprised.  Could only eat half, took the other half to a hungry husband who also enjoyed it.  The potato side was a bit on the greasy side for my taste but the husband loved them.  Great atmosphere, patio is non smoking and dog friendly. It's an order, seat yourself type place, which is great.  Service is very friendly and attentive.  Food came out quickly.  Will definitely be back to try the french toast!
5	Great service, fast, efficient, awesome food and great prices. Tons of space for the whole family
5	My favorite breakfast place. We actually moved further away and we still go and sometimes order for pick-up. In several years, I've only had my order incorrect once and a manager promptly addressed it. Service is stellar, place is totally clean, but by far, the best part is the food. I keep saying I'm going to order something new and then keep getting my favorite veggie omelette.  Fortunately, my husband gets lots of different things and I eat his too. He loves the chorizo burrito and the brizza (breakfast pizza). Our kids devour the pancakes & fruit. I love their locally sourced ingredients, their fabulous coffee, and their wonderful patio.
4	Love the concept & the food was great!
5	I love this place! I got the vegan veggie scramble as well as a veggie scramble with egg whites on separate occasions. Lunchtime gets quite busy. Otherwise, Scramble is amazing! Delicious, fresh food in a modern atmosphere. Somewhat self serve but everything comes out hot.
4	There's not too many breakfast places that peak my interest. I'm more of a make my own at home kind of guy, but on those rare occasions when I do venture out I go to Scramble. Two things that stand out to me the most:- The presentation of the food- The outside patioOn Saturday morning, went with a friend of mine. Line was long but goes pretty fast. This is big turn on for me as I hate the long waits I find at more mainstream breakfast oriented restaurants . I just like to sit down and relax in the morning as soon as possible. Decided to go with the Veggie Omelet this time, friend went with a bagel with cream cheese and salmon. We made our way to the outside patio and sat down facing the mountains. Perfect weather this morning had to do it and as stated above one of the reasons why this place gets good marks from me. Food arrived after about 10 minutes which is reasonable, and left good opportunity for conversation with my company. Veggie omelet came with four slices of whole wheat french toast and potato wedges. I sprinkled some Tapatio hot sauce all around which you can grab at this kiosk type thing on the inside. Omelet was delicious, no complaints there. Potato wedges were also divine, just crisp enough and full of flavor. Hit the spot just right and the portion was also just right. I think this is important. If the food isn't taking up all the space on the plate I don't have the compulsion to eat it all or waste it. It's just a pet peeve of mine and Scramble does a good job of giving just enough to satisfy. The final point I want to make about Scramble and why it's one of the few places I travel to in this ungodly hour is because you don't get bothered. You buy your food, you grab your utensils/condiments, sit down and the food it brought to you. It's simple. It's easy. And the food is somewhat healthy. My rating is close to a 4.5 only because it's not the best breakfast food I've ever had but the environment and service bring it's close to a 5 star.With all that said, I would highly recommend Scramble.
5	Scramble is our go-to place for breakfast in the neighborhood...
5	Went back to have their french toast...heavenly would probably be the best way to describe it.  There's a hint of orange, the bread is perfect and paired with bacon.. it's the ultimate breakfast dish.  I will be craving this in the near future.
4	Fast service; delicious food; and a wonderful patio. Plus, I got a free cinnamon roll for checking in on Foursquare. Their southwestern breakfast burrito was solid--chock full of super fresh avocado. I will definitely be returning.
5	The food is so yummy here. The decor is great and everyone is very friendly. Casual atmosphere, great place to go for breakfast or lunch. I highly recommend it after a good hike on North Mountain!
4	This place is delicious.Enough said.Go.
4	Quality food is the thing that stands out the most to me for this place. They do a great job of emphasizing flavor and/or spice in their food and that it is food that doesn't just fill and exhaust the eater, but rather energizes and refreshes.Some things I love about this place:1) The quality of their food as I just said. My favorite is their breakfast burritos.2) The gourmet coffee station where you can get as many refills as you want when you want.3) The way they streamline the ordering and seating process, which is usually a drudgery at other places. Here you order at the counter, choose your own seat and a waitress will bring you your food and check in with you at least a couple times to make sure there are no issues and that's it.4) I like their use of windows letting in the natural sun light into the place. It makes for a pleasant and natural dining experience.5-ish) I like that I can watch whatever game is on there, but as much as I like sports, they seem to have too many TV's. I mean they don't have to be everywhere and sometimes I want to get away from the tv and be in real life. The reason I don't give Scrambles 5 stars is the bill ends up being a little spendier than I like. I don't think it's overpriced, but it still doesn't change the bottom line when it comes to my budget. Other than that it's great!
5	All yummy. I got the vegan French toast, sweet potato hash and rosemary potatoes. Absolutely awesome!
3	I CAN'T believe I haven't written a review for this place. We usually come here once a week on Saturday or Sunday and we have for... a year? Two? Forever. You guys, they have a VEGAN menu. Seriously. I've stuck to the tofu scrambles but have wanted to try their vegan french toast (made with vanilla custard) for a while but am never that adventurous. I hate sweet stuff in the morning. The only thing I have tried and didn't like was their vegan breakfast burrito. It was a bit too plain.I love their veggie omelet, veggie scramble and their eggs benedict with no meat is rad. Hey! Most people don't know but you can switch out your rosemary potatoes for a sweet potato and mushroom hash (IT'S SO GOOD) or opt for the bacon brown (my boyfriend loves these). The bacon brown is a potato cake with bacon and cheese inside. He also loves their sunrise sandwich (opt for bacon instead of sausage). They have breakfast pizzas (brizzas), mutli-grain pancakes (THEY'RE DELICIOUS) and tons of other options. They source a lot of their vegetables from local farms and their iced teas are quality! Expect about $10-12 for breakfast and a 15 minute wait for your food (even when they're packed). We always leave happy.
4	I've been here twice with my mother and stepfather. If you're looking for an excellent place to find a nice, cheap, and tasty meal, this is it. Kudos for the veg/vegan fare too. Phoenix isn't well-known for catering to non-meat eaters but the vegan breakfast scramble and vegan French toast are grrrrrrrrrreat. The coffee is good in that not quite Stumptown or Blue Bottle level but waaaaaay better than Starbucks or Tully's.Extra super-dooper points for the patio that is both smoke-free and dog-friendly.
5	Great breakfast place for both a regular eater and a vegan.  It's so hard to find a place both my girlfriend and I can eat at as she is vegan and I eat as much meat as possible haha.  They have a great vegan menu and she loved her meal.  I had a breakfast burrito and it was AMAZING.  I would recommend this place to anyone vegan or not.  Will be going back soon.
3	Fairly good food but prices a little high. 4 people was 50 dollars with 3 drinks
2	Didn't really like the place so I'll make this quick. The husband and I got steak and eggs and my little one got the dollar pancakes. The steak was dry and pretty tasteless and the eggs were just eggs nothing special. I had to put a lot of Cholula sauce in order for my meal to taste ok. The pancakes my little one had were a little rubbery and not that good. The only thing she ate were the contents of her fruit cup but come on! you cant really mess that up. We left feeling unsatisfied and cheated out of a good meal.Dont know what the fuss is about but I know we wont be back.
4	I first went here with my girlfriend in 2010 and it was chance, well we were both very pleasantly surprised, one time we had breakfast sandwiched (great!) and then another a breakfast plate - the food was really GOOD!, the staff was cordial, the ambiance was ice, the location next to north mountain was nice, overall a very pleasant experience.  I highly recommend this place for breakfast, now I need t try their lunch!
5	Wonderful modern place. Loved every accent.
4	Nice little change of pace from the resort breakfast! Always fun when you can sit outside and eat some breakfast, especially knowing the fact that within a few hours we were headed back to Ohio and the snow...so we definetely savored the moment!! Will be back again for sure!
5	Love it, love it, love it!!! Fresh coffee, potatoes at breakfast were delicious, nice portions.. to much to love here.
5	Been wanting to try this place and had the mushroom and bacon omelette which was very good. The cinnamon roll was good along with the meat scramble. One of the better breakfast places we have been to on Phoenix, I liked the self serve drink bar and how you can get your items yourself. Overall I will come back to this place.
3	We had the vegan soyrizo burrito and multigrain pancakes for a Saturday brunch. Both were okay, not bad and definitely good as healthy dining out options. I liked the pancakes a little bit better. Just the right amount of food for 2!By the way, there were some vegan options on the menu online and the take out menus but not on the boards posted inside the place. Normally I would give 4 stars for a place with food this healthy and also good, but I was not wowed by the overall experience. First and foremost, it took forever for anything to come out - can't remember exactly how long but I remember thinking it was way too long for 2 simple plates. Even the coffee took forever to come out! The other thing is that it felt like I was sitting in a chain restaurant, which wasn't bad, but nothing special and probably contributed to the wait dragging on so long - nothing interesting about being there. Overall I would recommend to folks looking for a healthy breakfast, but would not necessarily choose this over other great brunch options if you are visiting and trying to hit the best places in PHX.
4	Went on a saturday morning, the place was busy. the format was well suited for it though as it was like a fast food breakfast setup. order, pay, you get a number and your breakfast is brought to you. I'd be scared to bring a large group cause seating is tough to come by. I had the Costa breakfast burrito which was phenomenal! Chorizo, bacon, and potato! Yum!
4	I finally went to scramble, it was quite the scramble this morning for the staff since they were down a grill.  I had to explain to people in the line that he gal said "down a grill" not "a girl" as they were saying, can't they call a back up girl in??  HAHA- kinda funny.  Anyhow, down a grill must have sucked for them and for all of us in line that went out the door, but it did move quickly, the line moved quicker than the food arrived, but they did tell us while we waited in line, that it would be at least 25 minutes for food.  I was with a good friend who I wanted to catch up with so we didn't care and it didn't seems like it made anyone get out of line and leave either. We ordered, it's basically everything any breakfast place would have.  They have the drink station in the middle, get you liquids and condiments yourself.  I'm cool with that, I kinda liked it b/c I would rather just grab what I want rather than have to keep asking.  Ketchup, hot sauce, more napkins, drink refills whatever- do get it yourself is fine with me. My friend had the meat lovers omelet, she was into it.  It was a lot of food.  I had the gringo burrito and a cinnamon roll.  I was a bit disappointed with the cinnamon roll. since the reviews made it sound like it was so great.  Mine was dry, I only ate a quarter of it.  Brought the rest home.  I'm staring at it and considering just throwing the darn thing away.  Why waste all those calories? We hung out for way longer than normal people do since we were catching up and they were cool with it so that was nice.  There was a nice variety of people there too.  Something about it made me like the place even more.  A table next to us was a family with teenage children, they held hands and said prayer before they ate, the table on the other side was a really hot same sex couple, behind were super fit people who must have just finished hiking b/c they looked like it and I bet they ordered egg white and fruit or oatmeal.  I like it, it had a good vibe.  The patio looked inviting too but hell, it's already too hot to go outside, so I have no interest in that area.
4	So one day my wife and I went on over to our local breakfast shop Scramble. The place is a great addition to our area and their menu is both breakfasty and Arizonaee, which we like. When I got in there my Italian stallion kicked into gear and I ordered the brizza with ham and cheese. Heck yeah! Sounds so good. A pizza, a breakfast, hams, eggs, and cheese pizza I can has. I got this thing and was like, "Ah, no's. Don't like." Basically it comes down to this. The pizza crust was too bready. It dried my mouth out and I couldn't taste nothing for days mang. I mean it is filling and somewhat tasty but I think it's really not the best idea ever. Honestly this place is awesome though, I'm just not recommending the Brizza. We eat there all the time.
5	Just ate here for the first time last week.  I'm so mad at myself for never trying it after years of living in the area!  I had the breakfast sandwich and my husband one of the "brizzas," (breakfast pizzas), and we were both very pleased.  The portion sizes are very generous - we both got two meals out of our order - and reasonably priced.  Going back for Mother's Day this Sunday, can't wait!
4	We were trying to find a place to take my mom for Mother's Day. We've been to several breakfast places here in the Valley, so we wanted to try some place new. I had read some good reviews on Scramble here on Yelp, so I thought we should give this one a try. It isn't in the nicest part of town, this complex this restaurant is in, is kind of dumpy. But as soon as you walk into Scramble, it doesn't matter. The place looks so cool inside! It's got a cafeteria-esque like feel. The people are very nice and the food was good. I got the multi-gran pancakes, and it was "okay". I think it was a little mushy in the middle. I hadn't had pancakes in like four months, so I was a little disappointed. But, I still enjoyed the experience. I'd come back and try something new!
5	I adored this place.  What brought us to it in the first place was the vegan subset of the menu. I really love it when a place can accommodate both vegans and their omni friends.  It means they're sensitive to everyone's needs.  I had the vegan french toast.  It was very good. They even had vegan margarine.  My companion had a scramble hew was also happy with.  They had great coffee and reasonable prices.  Can't complain and look forward to going back!
4	the only thing keeping it from being 5 stars is a tiny bit over priced and not amazingly consistent (especially with the vegan menu). Small issues because I love that they offer a vegan menu (the sweet potato hash that you can get on the side is delicious). End of the day a really great breakfast place with options for all tastes and diets.
4	Scramble is my new go to for PHX breakfast. I seem to obsess over my breakfast places and my new one is Scramble. Being a Irish white guy with latin tastebuds Scramble was the perfect place for me. If you crave breakfast burritos and you're not in San Diego I would recommend Scramble. Multiple options for bb's ranging from chorizo with jalapeno sour cream to your basic gringo bacon and egg bb. I also love how they will happily adjust your order to your liking. If you want egg whites or crispy potatoes they will accommodate all of your requests. Seating doesn't seem to be a problem even on a Sunday morning. 12:00pm is still morning for me on Sunday btw.
5	One word. Excellent! My wife and I are picky about quality and selection. This is one of our go to places for breakfast!
5	The staff and food are amazing! The food always comes out hot and fast. So far we have had the costa and southwest burrito, French toast, Toluca brizza and biscuits and gravy.The portions are perfectly sized and such fresh flavors! I find the Italian roast coffee to be more savory and delicious than major coffee shops. Try Scramble!
5	Awesome place. Don't miss it!
4	A nice casual breakfast spot. Food was tasty and even though there was a line out the door, it moved fast. We did have to sit outside because the tables inside were full. Only disadvantages to note: it's serve yourself/cafeteria style. You have to get your own silverware, condiments and drinks. 2nd is they do not have any alcohol so you can't get your Sunday mimosa or Bloody Mary here.
4	I love this place.  Haven't had a bad meal yet.
4	We've been here pretty often-I totally forgot to write a review eons ago.It's a fun place.. menu items right on the wall when you walk in.Modern decor, simple and to the point.I love the meat scramble and the brizza-very tasty.It gets crazy busy on the weekends. We went as a large group on a Sunday-eek, got stuck having to sit outdoors which would be fine, if it weren't August in Phoenix.This can sometimes make me think twice about going-the line can go out the door!!The seating can be limited when it's busy, so keep that in mind.Kid friendly with nice kid options too, and they get a little kids packet thing to play with.Plenty of high chairs!
5	Love this local business!Love that its family and DOG friendly!!!!!The menu is very well priced and everything is top quality! I used to go to us egg down the street until I tried this place! better food and better prices.Place is modern and comfortable.Can get overly crowded with limited seating if its busy..I always get the eggs Benedict or breakfast burrito!Only slight negative is I never know what to tip cause they do clean up after us, bring us our food and check on us. but we order in line, get own drinks, napkins, jelly, etc.Dont know if the 20 percent gratuity still applies or if if you should tip less since they do less work.I will usually just throw down normal 20 percent one time and half the next and so forth.
5	I hesitate to give a good review, but only because I'm selfish and I don't want this amazing place to get overcrowded.  Located at the base of North Mountain, it is perfect for an after hike refueling.  The have a great,  pet friendly patio, the food is top notch (my favorites are the Costa breakfast burrito and the Chicago Brizza, breakfast-pizza).  It can get busy around 10-11, with a line out the door, but I have never waited more than 10 minutes to order.  Please just follow the rules and order before you get a table and everything works out.
4	Scramble is a great breakfast and brunch joint, and I'm glad to see that it's doing well. I give it a 4.5 out of 5.I've only tried a handful of dishes from this place but they've always been quite good. The star of the show, in my opinion, is the brizza - a biscuit-dough breakfast pizza that I've been in love with since my first visit.My first dining experience I ordered the Toluca brizza and it was incredibly good, although I will warn that the jalapeno cream cheese and the chorizo have a definite bite to them, so gringos beware! I've also had the Gouda brizza, and it was smoky and yummy, but I much prefer the Chicago, with a side of their awesome, stick-to-your-ribs sausage gravy as a dipping side.Buttermilk biscuits and gravy are a meal unto themselves. The mushroom and bacon omelette is just dead-on, with garlic-sauteed mushrooms and chunks of thick-cut bacon.I'll admit that I haven't tried their lunch menu, but if that quality is as high as I had been here once before, when the location was still a Le Pepe, and was surprised by the change in decor: It's very modern and trendy. If you've ever watched Restaurant: Impossible on Food Network, it's got a very up-to-date vibe like a lot of their remodels do. Seating is comfortable but I will admit that the steel-tube chairs can pinch a bit, and that's probably the only reason I don't mark this as a 5 because breakfast\lunch places are the kinds of place where you stuff yourself and then linger for 20 minutes afterward, drinking soda or coffee and chatting.I hope Scramble keeps doing well, because they deserve it. It's an excellent breakfast\brunch joint, and we need more of it!
5	Love this breakfast place! Some of the best breakfast items! You order at the counter and sit wherever available. They definitely need to expand their space and open another location. It's nice they that they cater to vegan and gluten free. Food is excellent -- try anything on the menu and you won't be disappointed.
5	This place is awesome, trendy and delicious. Coffee is on spot. Breakfast burritos are amazing. Everything else is well done.
4	After going hot air ballooning we were looking for a place to grab breakfast....  The scrambles here were nice and light, and the sweet potato hash was quite tasty.  Prices were reasonable.
5	This place was off the hook incredible!  I took my college student here for breakfast.We were warmly greeted and the gal behind the counter was so helpful.The decor was fun, vibrant, hip and very classy clean.My daughter ordered French toast that was to die for.I ordered a basic egg, toast and potatoes and the entire breakfast was off the hook amazing.Definitely going back and next time I am ordering French toast and ordering cinnamon rolls to go!Definitely a must go to place to eat :-)
4	Very clean and put together. I got the vegan french toast and the bf got the toluca brizza. Both were tasty. Fruit was fresh. A friend got one of the eggs benedict dishes which he absolutely loved. It looked really good and i would consider getting that next time. We sat outside... and there were the inevitable flies. A very solid place.
5	This is definitely my favorite local place for breakfast.If I want healthy, they have it. I like the southwest breakfast burrito with turkey sausage instead of chicken, with salsa.If I want comfort food, it's worth it! The chicago brizza is amazing!Still loving the tea! Venetian peach iced, chamomile hot.Can't beat the mountain views when facing the window or on the patio.Efficient, friendly service.Always something to provoke conversation on the tv's and there's usually 3-4 different stations showing.I love coming here on the weekend!
2	I visited Scramble for breakfast with a group of coworkers and I wasn't really impressed.  The food came out fast but the taste was just ok and I felt I paid too much money for it; at least the Americano coffee was the best part of my meal. So I thought ok let me give the "popular item", the cinnamon roll, a chance.  That was a disappointment since the frosting was cream cheese and I had to scrape off the mountain of it. I suggest they notate on the menu that the cinnamon roll comes with cream cheese frosting since they typically come with vanilla icing. Over all the customer service better than the food.
5	Compared to others in the area, Scramble beats all competitors.  The menu is varied enough to please everyone.  Brizza (breakfast pizza) is unique. You order like you do at Paradise or Wildflower and the food comes to the table, which you have chosen.  Patio is nice weather permitting.  Coffee refills--self service.  Ambience is excellent for the area--close to where we like to hike.  Lots to like about this place.
5	Amazing Food &&' Great Service !
4	Scramble is our go to neighborhood breakfast place. The food is fresh and tasty with real ingredients and almost always delivers as sometimes the rosemary potatoes are a hit or miss or the cinnamon roll may not be full cooked through depending on how backed up the kitchen is which brings me to my next point. Arrive early(!) or be prepared to wait a while just like any other breakfast place. I usually get the dollar buttermilk pancakes (serving of 3) with a side of rosemary potatoes but have tried the veggie omelet, biscuits and gravy, cinnamon roll & French toast. All tasted amazing and are sure to please. Staff is very friendly and courteous no matter how busy they are.
1	Tried Scrambles after reading good reviews.  Unfortunately, food was cold, bacon was under cooked, biscuits and gravy was just 'slop' and it too was cold. Eggs were OK but it is hard to mess up eggs. Drip coffee had a very off taste like the carafe had not been cleaned in weeks. Overall the place was clean but it seemed as if they were not ready to be open this morning. Another thing to note that is not very clear is that it is a walk up service restaurant.   You order, then find a table and then they bring out your cold food.
5	Love, love, love this place. Scramble is our usual Sunday morning breakfast place. Walk up service, order at the counter, grab your silverware, coffee, water and napkins, and your food is delivered to your table. Food is always fresh and hot, very tasty. They will let you customize your food, I swap turkey sausage for the ham in the Santa Fe benedict, and turkey sausage for the chorizo in the Southwest burrito. You can get fresh fruit or sweet potato hash instead of the rosemary breakfast potatoes. Instead of  the usual toast selection, you can get jalapeno corn bread, biscuits or dollar pancakes, regular or multigrain. Good selection of hot tea, very friendly, helpful staff. Cassie sees us at the door and starts waving hello, welcome back.  Wonderful patio, nonsmoking and dog friendly, they bring your pup its own water bowl.
5	The Toluca and the Costa, probably the best breakfast concoctions I can think of.  The food here is awesome and the staff is always friendly.
4	I tried Scramble because they were one of the sponsors for the St Mary's canned food drive. It looked as if they had turned over the whole place for the drive, evenoffered a 2 for 1meal  ticket for people who made canned goods donations.I always feel rushed when you have to order at the cashier station but the gal who took the orders was patient and very nice.I order the mushroom, bacon and jack cheese omelette, it was presented nicely with rosemary potatoes and toast. Toast was burned but replaced quickly. My misterordered a BLT with Applewood bacon on a fresh baquette. Standard fare, but  well done.  American coffee was excellent. How great that I could get breakfast at noon.Looking at the printed menu, I see I am coming back for the french toast and will try the vegan breakfast. I also like that they use local markets and farmers. It was very clean and the patio looked inviting.
4	My mom and I finally tried scramble this weekend. We both live within 2 miles of it but never been - we both had heard that it wasn't that good. But after reading the reviews on yelp I convinced her we should try it! We were not disappointed! We went on a Sunday morning at 10 so it was pretty busy - but the line went quickly and were able to find a seat. I loved that the offered loose leaf hot tea and got one of my favorites - Irish Breakfast. My mom got coffee and said it was really good. We had to wait a little while for our meal (maybe 20 minutes) but it was fine as we weren't in a rush. I got the French Toast with Bacon and it was delicious. I loved the bread they use and it wasn't "eggy" like some. The bacon was awesome - thick and meaty - not thin and fatty like most breakfast joints. My mom got the veggie omelette. She said there was a weird flavor she didn't like (maybe the sun-dried tomatoes?) but she substituted the Scramble Brown (a potato cake with bacon and cheese) and fell in love! She said next time she would just get those. I tried it and it was yummy!  She said her toast was really good too! I loved the modern decor and the staff were all very friendly. Glad we took a chance and tried this place! Will definitely be back!!!!!
1	Looks, feels and tastes like you're eating in an airport cafeteria.  Not crazy about ordering at a window and waiting (a long time!) for the food to be delivered.  The food is colorless, tasteless and boring.  I ordered what I thought would be the most flavorful item on the menu, Southwest Style Eggs Benedict... the "hollandaise" sauce tasted worse than jarred versions, the canadian bacon was chewey and nearly impossible to cut with a knife, the jalepeno cornbread never met a jalepeno in it's life!  The "rosemary potatoes" seemed to be missing rosemary - or salt, pepper, anything with flavor!  The eggs, on the other hand, were fresh and delicious- so just order eggs!My friend ordered a breakfast pizza with sausage.  It looked and tasted as if it had sat for hours under a warming light.  Had absolutely no flavor at all.  I took a bite and could not begin to tell you what was on it, have never had sausage that tasted just like pizza dough!  I've had better frozen versions.Honestly for $23 for two breakfasts and two coffees I'd rather eat in an airport cafeteria... the place was exceptionally clean tho, and the staff very friendly.Will never go there again and cannot recommend it in good conscience.
4	The Santa Fe Benedict rocks ! Honestly this is the only thing ( besides Bacon) that I ever order here. Who can say no to thick cut apple wood smoked bacon REALLY .Don't be afraid of the Santa Fe Benedict description, it is flavorful NOT spicy.  The cornbread bottoms have a hint of Jalapeno and the sauce has just a hint of spice. It is truly a desert classic.  The dog friendly patio is a plus. And the mountain views are to die for.  You can grab a quick hike or horseback ride right around the corner. It's a really neat little neighbohood place
4	I was visiting some friends in the Phoenix area and I thought I had saw this place on Diner's Drive In's and Dive's, but i could've been wrong.  Anyways, we went here for breakfast.  Food was prepared excellent.  Coffee was outstanding.  Move through the line fairly well.  Cinnamon Rolls were gigantic and had like an inch of frosting on them.  I took one bite and knew that if I had anymore I would've gone into sugar coma.  It was FANTASTIC.  No waiter service is my only downside.
5	My  husband and I shared the egg white veggie omelet and chocolate chip pancakes.  The pancakes were so thick - I LOVED them!!!  The egg white omelets were also pretty good (as good as egg white omelets can be!) and we loved the sausage and potatoes that came along with it.We were in the area for a quick getaway as the grandparents helped us watch the kiddo.  We live pretty far from here but if we ever had the chance to come here again, we would!!
5	I love it here breakfast is amazing:)
5	Live walking distance away from this breakfast joint and all I can say is nothing but good things. The service is quick and friendly. Food: amazing. I've had the waffle, southwestern breakfast burrito, and biscuits & gravy, all delicious! My girlfriend has the eggs Benedict every single time- always cooked to perfection. The outdoor patio seating is wonderful & dog friendly (which is a plus for us dog lovers)  Oh! and all you can drink coffee too :)
4	Eggs Benny...yummmmy!I had never been there before and it was much needed after a night of excessive drinking!I love the set up...you stand in line to order and then find your seat.  We found a few seats and the bar against the window and bellied up.Loved the homestyle potatoes as well. Looking forward to going back and trying the brizza...breakfast pizza!
5	Great vegan options! The food is always fresh and prepared well. It can be a little crowded but the atmosphere is fun. One of my favorite places!
3	Scramble has a really cute layout and color scheme like all the other breakfast joints: Very clean and hipI had the impression that it was a sit down restaurant but it's an order and seat yourself sort of deal... It got a little bit packed and was kinda hard to find a seat but we managed to find one... I got a coffee, the breakfast blend...And the Costa breakfast burrito which came with potatoesThe burrito itself was really good and flavorfulI didn't like the potatoes, so I just let them sit there The service was a little slow but not a big deal at all, I'm very patient and I saw how busy it wasAll of the girls working were very friendly and cuteIt was a good first experience and maybe next time I will try the breakfast pizza
4	Scramble was delicious! We had the Santa Fe Benedict and the Costa Burrito. The eggs on the Benedict came out hard boiled so I took the plate back up to the counter. They had a fresh one out to me a short while later and it was excellent. The Costa burrito was a bit on the greasy side, but such is the nature of chorizo. The flavor was great and the potatoes it was served with were also decent. I would highly recommend also getting a side of the scramble browns. You won't be disappointed. The patio has an excellent view of the mountains, so if you're ever in the Sunnyslope area and are in need of breakfast/brunch, Scramble is worth checking out.
3	With so many great breakfast places in the Valley, this one comes off as trying to be both modern, and fast, and doesn't quite hit the spot.Don't get me wrong, there are a few standouts: ie the Rosemary potatoes. But the dishes, while somewhat inventive... Are merely meh...
5	Love this place! Awesome food and great customer service.. I had the steak and eggs and it was pretty good. There is nothing bad to say about this place!
4	This place was packed on Saturday for brunch.  So packed that they had to stop the line from ordering for 15 minutes so the kitchen could catch up.  I was with my family - a party of 9.  Luckily we were able to find a place to sit outside that accommodated all of us considering how busy it was. You have to scout for your own table so on a busy day you have to be an expert with the eagle eye and find your table before someone else does.Food was really good - I had the eggs benedict and an orange juice.  The service was nice considering how busy they were.  I would definitely come back again.
4	Very cute, order before seating yourself breakfast joint. Must start off by saying their coffee is amazing- full refill station right smack in the center of the restaurant too! As for the food.. I haven't tried everything on the menu but based on what I've tried and by the looks of what others ordered around me...I can bet the menu is nothing short of amazing! Came here after a hike and it was the best way to gain back all the calories lost! wahoo
5	Scramble is something that North Phoenix has always needed.  It's been there for a while now, and I love the experience each and every time I step into the location.  The branding and Scramble image makes the experience fun and enjoyable.  With a cleaver crossword puzzle with words solely relating to eggs, philosophical "scramlism", and wise-lifestyle changing statements such as, "think global, eat local."...that is only the beginning.  This local breakfast joint has a great selection of food, from oatmeal...all the way to their Southwest breakfast burritos, to be honest you can't go wrong getting anything.  They even has coffee and full-leaf teas which are incredibly delicious.  As a North Phoenix born and raised and very familiar with the area...I'd say this place is a winner.
2	Really...? No orange juice and the ice and soda machine was down too??? Even though it's a breakfast joint I don't do coffee!  Our latest visit was totally unorganized and unprepared.  A disappointing start to what was to be a relaxing Sunday.
1	Just mediocre. My husband ordered the sunrise sandwich and he couldn't finish it since it was SO salty. The issue for me is that I ordered the "mixed berry" yogurt parfait with granola. What a joke. No berries at all , just some fruit drizzle in the yogurt..barely any granola. Also ordered the turkey sausage too--very salty and it was spicy which the menu should have stated it was spicy. Not that good. We won't be back as there are too many other choices for breakfast and that are fresher and better prepared.
4	It is consistently good.
3	Went here for breakfast. Waiting in a long line to order at a counter is never fun, but the atmosphere was nice and the service was great. The food was a little bland, but I highly recommend their hash browns. Their coffee is excellent, and the patio is really nice.
2	The last few times we visited, we left really disappointed. The potatoes are super dry (and reheated), eggs overdone and overall taste is lackluster. Their sriracha is four shades darker than it was meant to be. Old sauce... or has a fake been refilling those roosters? Scramble, we're breaking up. It's not me, it's you.
4	The food is pretty good, definitely above the average and has some different choices. I've had the eggs benedict and costa breakfast burrito (chorizo) and both hit the spot. Very fresh and tasty and the coffee is quite good. But what really sets this place apart is the dining experience. I really enjoy the fast casual set up--order, take a number, get your coffee, juice, etc., and wait for your food. There are plenty of tables and the system runs smoothly and efficiently. This process makes me want to go here more than other breakfast places, even ones that may have slightly better food. At the end of the day I don't want to wait an hour no matter how good your frittata is.
5	This is seriously my favorite breakfast spot all because of the Toluca Brizza (breakfast pizza) It has chorizo and jalepeno cream cheese. Pretty spicy but so good. I can never finish the whole thing, usually end up taking about half of it home. I love the dog friendly patio. Service is usually quick and efficient. I'm so happy they are opening a Scramble in Scottsdale! We will definitely continue to be regulars.
5	I loved this place! Was visiting from San Diego and a friend and I stopped by for breakfast one morning. It made me very happy to see that Scramble has a separate vegan menu with a good amount of options available.I ordered the vegan French Toast and a coffee (self-serve) which went perfectly well together and were both absolutely delicious. The French Toast came with a side of fresh fruit, vegan butter, and syrup. Highly impressed that they have individual packets of vegan butter, as I have yet to see that in many restaurants.The atmosphere was nice (definitely has the feel of a pretty rad breakfast joint), the restaurant was clean and tidy, and the portions are a good size for what you pay. Will definitely return next time I'm in Phoenix!
5	This is my favorite place to have breakfast and lunch after a good hike! I highly recommend practically anything off the menu. I always like to try something different every time I come here. The service is good too!
4	The food is very good here but the prices are a little steep for breakfast.  It is nice to have a good breakfast joint in Moon Valley.
5	Found this place by accident on Yelp looking for a quick breakfast place & fell in Love! The staff was great & really nice (: We sat on the patio , your have a great view of the mountains.Ordered the Strawberry French Toast & The Gouda , egg & Applewood Bacon Brizza ( I think it's called that ) .Wish I could go here everyday!
3	Since my last review, I have been back to Scramble a couple times. I must say, the Brizza just hasn't been as good as the first time. It has been dry and kind of bland...just not that good. The Husband got the vegan french toast and seemed to like that since he is allergic to eggs and this was the only french toast he could eat. We have been with friends and they also thought it was just ok. I am hoping it gets back to where it was, but, as of this post, I can't see myself coming here again soon.
2	A friend of mine informed me that this place was mediocre.  In my opinion he highly over rated this place.  I wish a manager would sit in the corner and watch the employees.  Might learn a few things about why the food is delivered cold and only after an extended wait time.  I can't believe we sat there watching our food get cold on the server bar while the two guys had a conversation, laughed and joked.  If you can't fix the service, at least black out the glass, so I don't have to watch my food sitting there getting old.After an extended time period, the server did come over and apologize because there was an incident with my Eggs Benedict and they were going to have to remake my order.  Guess what?  The other meal we ordered sat there getting even colder.This place had a nice amount of customers coming through the doors and many will not come back if this is the type of service they receive.  I felt sorry for the young lady at the register.  On more than one time I heard her apologizing to customers about different things that were going wrong.It is a shame because we could use a good breakfast place in the area.
4	I have been a fan since they opened. I'm there almost every week now because I'm addicted to their Toluca brizza breakfast pizza. The 4 stars is an average because if I add up the 100+ times I've been there, they deserve it.Alas, today was a 2 star day. I walked up to the cashier and got from her: no smile, no words, just a "get on with it" stare. I swear I didn't look like a hobo or anything. Okay, chalk it up to a bad morning. They were not that busy but the food took twice as long to get to me (20 mins maybe). It was delivered by the same woman who said just one word "Toluca?", set it down and waked away (not how she was trained I'm sure). A stone cold Toluca. Even a stone cold Toluca is pretty good. The cook did an awesome job: perfectly crisp risen crust, plenty of cream cheese drizzle (what makes it great), just bone cold from sitting.I hope Cameron and the owners don't let this location go downhill now that they've got Scottsdale open.
5	Made my way out to Scramble this past Sunday with my lady..Place is not what I imagined...you place your order, sit down, and food is brought to you in 5-10 minutes.Outdoor seating is great and dog friendly, and a nice little mountain view.While my french toast was great, the pancakes were solid...but the breakfast burrito stole the show. The Costa Burrito to be exact, highly recommended!This is a must go to breakfast spot. Friendly staff, comfy seating, great views and great vibes!
4	We keep coming back to this place! The food is always fresh and yummy. The staff is young and very friendly. It is not a full service sit down place so we don't feel like we have to tip 15-20% if we don't want to.  If you forget to grab anything you need from the self serve table they are happy to get it for you. I would have given 5 stars but they just stopped  making the rosemary potatoes we loved so much!  Jessica in particular was helpful and extremely friendly, as we find all the staff to be
5	I got here with the line out of the door and into the parking lot. We were strapped for time but my girlfriend and I looked at each other and ran the risk of being late for an appointment.It was not a long wait at all. About 5-7 minutes and I was sitting down just waiting on our food and drink.I got the Sante Fe Eggs Benedict w/ side Scramble Browns, Scramble Latte to drink. It was really suprising with how busy it appeared how quickly the process was, our food arrived roughly another 5-10 min after sitting down. The Sante Fe Eggs are fantastic and although I believe they served me with more hollandaise sauce than usual I was not disappointed or somehow the chef knew what I wanted. The jalapeno cornbread has those little pieces of corn and jalapeno in it so you know they weren't messing around. The whole thing together tastes so good the jalapeno adds a sweetness beneath the usual flavors of the ham and egg. The chipotle hollandaise was crazy good, I had to get as much as that as I could on pretty much everything. The scramble browns were great on their own but hey a little hollandaise doesn't hurt. One thing. The menu states its spicy but I didn't so much as get a tingle of heat in my mouth. I suspect its a precautionary measure for those of the weaker fortitude but I recommend this to all. Don't be afraid of the spice, its nothing.Overall, I cannot wait to come back and try their lunch paninis!Also the staff were really friendly and nice. When we went they had someone offering small complimentary cups of coffee or OJ while waiting in line (they even had creamer!).
3	Stayed at nearby hilton and wanted a decent breakfast and found scramble close by. The line was out the door but the cafe relatively empty as you order then sit down. very nice fellow outside offering cups of oj and coffee.  The staff was uber friendly but points docked for atmosphere.  Super industrial cafeteria style. Ordered a cappuccino and they only come in 16 ounce cups? They don't have any other size or anything but disposable cups.. Bit wasteful. Eggs Benedict came with  under cooked cooked sad hash browns and pancakes ok.. Syrup not the real maple deal which seems weird for a place claiming to be local and farm fresh. I see that claim so often these days and not sure everyone is sincere about that.  We like to seek out restaurants serving local ingredients and There was nothing really convincing us they were doing so despite the claims on the menu.  Folks who worked there though were really great though and prices really reasonable.
5	Have you ever been to one of those places that always seems to have a line? Well this is one of those places. But the line always moves fast, and its well worth the wait! The food is out of this world, delicious and locally sourced whenever possible. My favorite so far has been the toluca brizza, which is a breakfast pizza with chorizo, bell peppers and jalapeno cream cheese. The service is top notch, you can really tell that management puts an emphasis on it. If you're in need of breakfast this place should definitely be on your list.
5	Great, fresh food and excellent service. They never disappoint. A perfect place to be a "regular". They always remember what we like to eat and serve with a smile.
2	I tried this place for the first time based on how many great reviews it has gotten and I came away greatly confused as to why.  First off you order the food chipotle style and then you have to play the "where do I sit??" game for a while and hope something opens up.  We ended up having to sit on stools along the windows which was really uncomfortable.  Then we proceeded to wait 40 minutes for our food.  The waitress dropped off our food with barely a smile and not any kind of acknowledgment of how long we had to wait.  The food was good but the portions were small.  I ordered the biscuits and Gravy, my wife had the veggie omelet and my little one the chocolate chip griddle.  Again the food was good, though I'm blown away at how amazed people seem to be with the potatoes as they tasted average to me.  Eventually another worker came by and asked how our food was but never waited for our answer as he just pointed out everything we ordered and wandered off before we could even respond.I wanted to like this place but I will never return here.  Maybe it was an off day I don't know.  I'm not going to waste the time to find out and will stick with The Perk.
2	Hey Yall...I would consider this place ok...take notice of the lowercase lettering and short cut of ok....The best thing about this place was the decor and friendly guy outside giving away free tea and coffee while you wait. Now don't get me wrong the line was pretty quick and the Martinelli Apple Juice rocked. I got the 3 Cheese Omelet with cheddar, jack and herb cheese it was ok, can't go wrong with cheeses right. I also had hashbrowns that were pretty tasty they could have been better if they were completely done. Instead of the tell I was able to opt out for 3 silver dollar pancakes they're on the same level as IHOP thick and lacking flavor the syrup nothing special at all I've had better at McDonalds. Oh yeah I almost forgot to mention my turkey bacon Oh maybe because they forgot to send it out with my order and when I did remind them and it finally arrived it was time for me to go.
5	Used google maps + yelp to find a nearby breakfast spot to Point Hilton Squaw Peak. We were the second people in on a Saturday morning at 6:30am (early risers due to diff time zone), and were very pleasantly surprised by very friendly staff and endless fun & healthy options.We had a breakfast sandwich, "brizza", and multigrain apple pancakes. Everything was well prepared and flavorful. Will definitely return!
4	A nice fast breakfast place that serves some fresh and natural food.  Like a breakfast Pei-Wei.  The bacon is epic.  The French Toast is legit.  Nice patio that is pet friendly and a lovely spot for coffee.
5	Great place with a great interior and great food.   The waiters are nice and polite.  The French toast is delicious; served on a very classy plate.
5	We came to Phoenix for 5 days and came to Scramble 2 times. I didn't love my food, but that was because I ordered wrong. My kids got the chicken panini, that came with applewood smoked bacon, creamy boursin cheese,
3	I love the food here, but I am completely baffled when I arrive and there is a line out the door, about 20 empty tables and one lone cashier taking orders. Are they trying to space orders out?  If so, they need to work with kitchen on timing!  Irritating.
5	Everything was great. The downside are the lines which are a really pretty long while not the restaurants fault it is something that you should keep in mind if you've never been here. All that been said I had a lovely time and the food was amazing and no one gave me funny looks when I got an extra egg to go on the side with my eggs.
4	Our go to weekend breakfast joint. Love it!! Locally sourced and yummy. Great staff and awesome outside dog friendly patio too but where are my favorite rosemary potatoes? ? Please, please bring them back. :-)
5	Loved everything about this place. Service was quick and very friendly, the food was TO DIE FOR, prices were very fair, and the ambiance was fun! It's set up cafeteria-style, but that doesn't bother me at all! Order food, get your number, wait for food. Simple, easy, no big deal. It wasn't incredible busy when we got there just before noon, but was "line out the door" as we left. However, There were plenty of open tables around the joint.I ordered the chicken bacon panini and with every bite, it got better and better! The bread was toasty but soft on the inside, the chicken had great seasoning, the boursin and jack cheese combo was out of this world, and bacon is ..well, bacon. The hubs ordered the biscuits and gravy, and he practically licked his plate clean. We will be returning as soon as possible! LOVED it!
4	This is one of those places perfect for both brunch with a large party, or a quick brunch for two. Walk-up ordering, with food runners that bring your meal out to you, and serve yourself beverages. It gets pretty packed here, but service is always friendly, pretty smooth, and very fast. Really varied menu, with everything from pizzas/wraps and other light lunch fare to traditional breakfast items, and an entire vegan brunch section! The vegan french toast is my go-to dish, but the soyrizo burrito is not bad, either (although it could do with more spice). The sweet potato hash that comes as a side is totally addicting-a perfect little combo of sweet potato and different types of squash. Vegan items come out on bright orange plates and they even carry vegan butter, etc. for your toast/bagel/whatever. Pretty neat. They offer coffee/espresso drinks, most of which are really way too syrupy sweet for my taste, but the house drip is actually really quite good, as are their iced teas. The patio here is amazing, even in the middle of the summer and winter-an unobtrusive misting system and sun shades keep it pretty nice (yes, thats relative) in the summer, and heat lamps warm it up in the winter. Dog-friendly, so there's always at least one cute pooch to play with while you're waiting for your meal. If only it weren't such a trek from downtown!
5	I am not much of a breakfast person, but I will say that I love this place and the food! The staff is very friendly, the place is always clean, the Southwest burrito is to die for and the fresh brewed tea is delicious!  My family and I have made this our Sunday family tradition(just try to be there before 8 if you don't want the line to be out the door!) but totally worth waiting for if there is a line;)
5	My new favorite breakfast joint. The line can get lengthy, but there is usually ample seating after you order at the counter. Good coffee. Food is fantastic. Omelets, breakfast sandwiches and burritos all have been delicious. Hash browns come a little soggy. I ordered extra crispy and I couldn't get enough. I cant wait to try the breakfast pizza, BRIZZA (how clever!). I will absolutely be back.
5	So good!!! I had the Santa Fe Benedict. It was different, yet amazing. The first place I've seen the cholula chili garlic. Outstanding. Can't wait to go back
4	Loved the first visit with the The Toluca Brizza (breakfast pizza); not impressed with the burrito next visit. Cool little place worth the visit. I'd take my friends here.
2	I have to say...why would you take a signature item your known for off the menu completely? Their menu dies still advertise them but the cashier told me they no longer have the rosemary potatoes. I am very disappointed they no longer serve the rosemary potatoes.....they now serve horribly crispy hash browns. This makes this place no more special than Denny's.  I gave them 2 stars cause they do have big screen TV's and nice temorate A/C.....otherwise I would have given 1 star.
5	Amazing breakfast. I have the Meat Lovers scramble with sourdough toast. Excellent. Orange juice was fresh squeezed.
5	Check out the wall quotes!
2	I used to love Scramble, but they have taken their rosemary potatoes off their menu which was a primary item I personally loved and made them different from other breakfast places. It's now IHOP type food. Their eggs are very bland as well, Scramble has definitely changed.
5	Probably the best breakfast I've had in quite some time. We ordered the southwest burrito and sunrise sandwich. Absolutely delicious. If you like avocado and chorizo you will love the burrito. I was very impressed with the service. Always nice to be greeted with a smile. I will be back when visiting.
5	Love this place. The new Scottsdale location has awesome bloody marys and is closer to my house!
5	I love their fresh sassy breakfast food! (Particularly the Santa Fe eggs Benny) The service is great, so is the view and the patio is a great place to get some shade & refuel with my pooch after a hike
4	We came here for a late breakfast the other day. My boyfriend ordered the costa burrito which he enjoyed, but thought the chorizo was lacking a bit in the spice department. I ordered the Santa Fe eggs Benedict which was quite delicious. We each got a drink and our bill came to a little over $24. Seemed kind of steep for a place where you seat yourself. We'll definitely give it another shot, because I really want to try one of their brizzas, but there are quite a few other breakfast joints I would want try first.
5	I love this place. My wife and I stop and have breakfast after hiking. Dogs are allowed outside on the patio and they bring water bowls for them. Oh...and more importantly the food is great!
4	So one of  those many days when I am just waking up but craving breakfast and saw that this place was open until 2 on Sunday.So walked in and didn't expect a fast food type of ordering system.......Look at menu, walk to counter, order and pay, find a place to sitSo it was a lil awkward at first because I'm trying to skim through the menu quickly to order and not stand there like I'm looking at Xmas lights So went for the two eggs ur way with toast hashbrowns, bacon, dollar sized multi grain pancakes, and French toast.All but hashbrowns were good. I wish they had country potatoes as an option. Hashbrowns had an oily aftertaste to them.All in all would comeback ...loved d French toast but next time would educate myself w the menu so I can order right awayDress code: casual
5	Our family's favorite local place for Breakfast! We have tried a number of things on the menu ~ between us all we'd recommend the Southwest Burrito, the kids pancakes, the sausage LINKS, the huge cinnamon roll, the French toast (Amazing!) and the list goes on....The service is great, staff are always polite & the food is nice & prompt. Really really good place to go with the kids because the wait time isn't too long for them and we sit outside and the kids play with the wiki-stix they provide. It's the best place we've found for breakfast with the kids! Highly recommend!!!! (Scramble~Please bring back the fabulous rosemary potatoes instead of the hash browns!!!)
5	I am so glad my mom found this place, the food is 10x those breakfast chains and the staff is so friendly. My 3 year old actually has a great time with one tv on toons and little activities to entertain him. Lastly Lorain the manager is the nicest and most helpful person I have met. I actually do not live in Phoenix anymore but every couple months I am in town I have to eat here.
5	Absolutely amazing service , first time in there and it had delicious food and the atmosphere was very upbeat and friendly. The employees were all so friendly and they would check on us while eating to see how we like everything they were all willing to let us know what they liked which is why I got the French toast because multiple employees said they loved them and they lived up to the expectations. We WILL absolutely be back to experiment the rest of the menu!
4	We decided to try a new place for breakfast and weren't disappointed.  I had a veggie omelet and my boyfriend had the Breakfast Scrambler.  The servings are very generous and everything was fresh and very tasty.  The service was friendly and timely.  They have a large outdoor patio with misters to combat the summer heat.  The only negative, and this is just my personal preference, the overhead music was a little loud.  Other than that, we will def return!
5	Went to Scramble today with the wife and was greeted by a kind and enthusiastic young lady who gave us the run down of how the restaurant works and also some suggestions. Seeing as it was our first time, she was incredibly helpful and answered all our questions. This is all before we stepped foot in the place! Great start! Once we got inside, we went to the counter and ordered and paid right away. The young woman working at this station was also enthusiastic, kind and helpful! Such a change of pace from the rude and useless service that's so prevalent nowadays. It was definitely impressive. Good job on the customer service guys! We sat down in the comfortable group atmosphere and didn't have to wait long for our food. When it came to our table it was hot and tasted good. Self serve coffee was nice as well. Overall, I really enjoyed my experience. The food is pretty basic breakfast fare (except maybe the breakfast pizzas, which looked good) so the service, value and atmosphere was going to have to win us over and it did. The only thing I wondered about was tipping since we paid up front with a card. I didn't put a tip on the card because I didn't know how the wait service would be but seeing that it was good, I left cash on the table. Just kinda confusing if you're using a card but no big deal. Great job Scramble! I'll be back!!
4	Our visit was a good one. The greeter out front was a nice way to start our experience. I asked for a special sandwich and management made sure it was right. The sweet potato hash was very tasty. I liked the breakfast blend coffee too. We asked for crispy hashbrowns and they were just right. Looking forward to trying more items on the menu.
4	This place has a fun, funky vibe. The decor is so awesome with lots of really great sayings on the walls that involve chickens or eggs. I love the TVs and music. The menu is very diverse and offers vegan options so everyone can get just what they want. The staff was very friendly and all of them had HUGE smiles. My husband and I both got the gringo burrito. He twisted his up with turkey sausage. I have to say mine was good.  I asked for extra cheese, but my husband did not. He could find no cheese but that is standard on the gringo. He felt it was kind of bland, but I had to remind him that he did get the gringo. The side of fruit was very good as were the crispy hash browns.
3	Good food. Took a star off because of the table issue. When you have a line out the door and you don't seat guests (it's grab your own table style) have extra people to bus tables. Multiple dirty tables and no one cleaning them is frustrating. I will say this is usually a problem on weekends. Today Saturday they have certainly been making more of a effort.
2	I really wanted to like this place. It has a very hip ambiance, no doubt. In the end, the quality of the food is just not that great. It fell below the expectations I had based on the vibe and decor. The quality of the food, the ingredients used, reminded me of what is normally served in cafeterias.In the end, as much as Scramble is a cool place, I have to choose food over the look.
4	Staff was great and I really liked the modern feel of the place. My two kids had the pancakes and they loved that nickelodeon was playing on the TV. My wife had one of the burritos and seemed to really enjoy it.Now, if you're vegan, defiantly don't go out of your way to visit this place. If you're in the area, not a bad choice for breakfast. I had the scrambled tofu chorizo burrito and it was okay. Fairly bland quite honestly and with some simple changes in the recipe it could make it a lot better. The tofu seemed to be just plain tofu. Simply scrambling it with a little tumeric, salt and garlic would of made the burrito a lot better. The sweet potato hash was reeeally good though. All in all I'd like to see more vegan options and improvements on their vegan recipes.
4	Great breakfast food! Love the experience and just the whole idea behind this place. I like that they have everything from vegan food to very decadent dishes, definitely something for everyone. Their employees are really friendly too.
5	Consistently a warm friendly place. Staff is always smiling and helpful. The food is awesome but this place is always happy. Working in the service industry for 35 years smiling faces with a helpful positive attitudes is a big plus. My compliments to the owners/admin for grooming an outstanding environment.    Just today, I was in a bit of a slump this morning and when I walked through the door a worker passed me carrying food and looked over, smiled, and said good morning I will be right with you. A guy in a black shirt walked passed carrying food looked over, smiled, and said good morning. I placed my order and started towards a table Cherri smiled and said good morning. Cherri is always smiling, professional, and helpful. It brought me right out of my slump and put me in a better mood. I just wanted to say thank you! Scramble, you have a top notch place here at 7th Str. Thanks again, Cory
5	After scoping out Scramble's menu several times online we took the chance and gave it a whirl.  Their separate Vegan Breakfast section currently lists 4 options. The biggest draw for me?  Vegan French Toast! With their menu clearly marked with vegan, spicy, healthy choice, and even travel well options, they really lay it all out.We were warmly greeted at the door by an employee and entered their restaurant to the typical hustle and bustle of a breakfast eatery. Scramble has a hip modern feel that is still warm and welcoming, and they pride themselves on using local farmers and vendors when possible.  With their counter service style it's speedier than a typical restaurant but there's still no feel of rush.  For those looking to stay in the know, several televisions host the news and free wifi is available.After ordering at the counter our food was quickly delivered to our table of choice and we dug in.  While it was a little weird to have baguette style bread instead of the typical Texas toast, it was still delicious.  Oh French Toast, I love you.  I heard absolutely no complaints from my husband and I think he finished his entree before me.
5	This is a fantastic breakfast joint! I ordered the costa burrito and it totally made my day! The chorizo was very fresh and not too spicy , the tortilla was very fresh and delicious, and the hash browns were crispy but not over done. The staff was very friendly and checked in to make everything tasted great! I think I found my new favorite breakfast place!
5	Found this place today thanks to Yelp. We were looking for a good breakfast place with variety and quality. This is the place! Large menu with all sorts of items from breakfast burritos to eggs benedict, to pancakes and French toast.  Their food is high-quality and they source their breads, vegetables and meats locally.  The only disappointment was the biscuits and gravy and cinnamon roll. Both were dry and cold. The cinnamon roll had frosting on top but it did not even melt as there was no heat from the roll to melt it. And the biscuits and gravy was dense, cold, and not as flavorful as I had hoped. . Definitely looking forward to coming back again though!UPDATE: Gave this place another chance today. The cinnamon roll that I had today was perfect! Lots of flavor and nice and warm. However, I am still not a big fan of the biscuits and gravy. There is nothing wrong with them. It is just my personal taste. The gravy is quite thick and he biscuit is dense. Again, just a personal opinion. I did try the flatbread breakfast pizza today though. That was fantastic! A new breakfast favorite!
5	Neighborhood favorite.  Whether your hiking Thunderbird, golf at the Pointe or need a fun north central Phoenix place to mix with friends Scramble is a great mix of modern, bright and cheery atmosphere. Bring a freind.
3	This is my go to breakfast joint in the area. I give this place 3 stars only because there isn't a wow factor and parking sucks on Saturdays or maybe it's because I am from the south and we have a different standard for breakfast. They have a solid biscuit and gravy. Overall good.
5	Been a favorite breakfast stop for years. Don't know why I've never done a Yelp review.  Great, yummy French Toast. They use a light baguette that just melts in your mouth. When I want a special treat, this is it. Best French Toast in the Valley!!! And the location is perfect with great mountain views,  and if we have smog free skies you can see the buildings of downtown. Love this place! !!
4	Found this place through yelp and close to my vacation rental. I had the strawberry French toast and my girlfriend had the multigrain pancakes. Both super good! Definitely a good place to go for breakfast!
4	Customer service was great, the restaurant was extremely clean and the food was amazing! Served 11 folks in our group and everyone enjoyed all the variety of options. Cinnamon roll rocked! The creamy spread can be portioned onto the roll as desired. Loved that it wasn't dripping with goop! Great value and generous portions. Only downside is the uncomfortable metal chairs and cafeteria-style layout.
5	Great breakfast and a wonderful staff. I usually see familiar faces but even when I don't the friendliness is always there.
5	I think that this is the best breakfast place in all of the Phoenix area.I had the steak and eggs cooked to perfection.  The wife had the bacon and mushroom omelette. And she had the sweet potato hash both were excellent.Great coffee too.
5	This place was AWESOME!  Before we even walked in a staff member offered us coffee or water to drink while we waited in line.  The BF grabbed some coffee and was blown away with how good it was.  He asked if he could buy it in bulk when we left.  The girl at the counter was super helpful and friendly.  We got our food fast and everything tasted amazing.  The only thing that's remotely a downside is that it's a bit far from our house.  Here's hoping that they put one in the Arrowhead area soon!
5	We are in town dropping our daughter off at GCU and found Scrambles on Yelp. We loved it so much yesterday we came back again today! The food is amazing and fresh and the staff is warm and friendly.  We will definitely be back every time we visit. Thank you Scrambles for filling our bellies and GO LOPES!!!!
4	This was good food.  This is fast good food, You wait in line place your order. go find a table get your own coffee and your food arrives in about 5 minutes.  There is outside seating and you can bring your fuzzy butt  along.   I prefer a more cozy place. I like the personal service and refills on coffee.  For this type of place there is not problem.  Just not my cup of coffee.  By the way they have three types.
5	A "shop small" locally owned breakfast restaurant. My absolute favorite meal is the Eggs Benedict Santa Fe style.  Unique and yummy! The have a check in offer so don't forget to use it. There is a line on Saturday & Sundays keep,that in mind. They serve  Souvia  Tea there.. Bonus!
4	Breakfast was delicious. Will visit again.
4	I would have given this place 5 stars because flat out, the food is amazing BUT I took one star off because the dining area was very messy. There were dirty dishes all over. I was with a group and there were no cleared tables for 4 so we had to ask to have a table cleared for us. They did get one cleared fairly quickly though. They seemed understaffed on the whole, I think I counted 4 people working in the whole restaurant. Just didn't make the best first impression but hopefully this was a fluke. I will try this place again for sure because again the food was excellent.
3	The setting is very fun and great energy.  Food was very basic but then we did just order basic items.  Service was friendly and fast.
4	I had high hopes for this place. I love breakfast so a place with the meal in the name surely would be good at it, right? My experience was mostly good. Service was slow, as noted in the other reviews. They don't seem to know how to do two eggs over medium as mine had runny white. This was especially annoying to me since they have a poster by the cash register plainly describing what each egg style meant, and "over medium" doesn't mean runny whites. Once they fixed that on my order, the food was decent. I love that they're dog friendly - they even offered a water bowl for ours. If you're new to this place, be prepared to feel like a noob as you try to figure out the coffee area. I suppose after a few visits, we too can look down on the newbies who don't know how the island area works. Overall, I like this place and will be giving it another try, even though the prices are a little higher than diners.
5	This was our 3rd time here and we haven't been disappointed yet!! Today I thought I would try a lunch item instead of breakfast. So, I had the turkey wrap w/ potato cheese soup. It was so yummy!! The soup was awesome as well :) The staff has always been friendly each time we've been and helpful with suggestions when we were unsure of what to try. We will definitely be back!
5	Took my big bro here when he came for a visit and he loved it as much as I did. As an added bonus, the owner gave me a $10 gift card! How awesome is that?! I am definitely hooked on this place for breakfast AND lunch!
2	Went here on Sunday morning had read great reviews about the place and the food it was a must try. Well we tried and didn't like. First off just walking in was a disappointment cause you can't sit down and check out the menu thoroughly you order right as you walk in. My husband is handicapped and has a hard time standing for any period of time. So of course he ordered the first thing he spotted he might like steak and eggs, eggs over easy steak med rare. I order eggs Benny and our grandson ordered kids pancakes. Have to get your own utensils napkins condiments and your drinks. Then sit down finally.They bring your food out.     Well steak well done hash browns over cooked which my husband likes that way, but mine were over done too they were crunchy. My eggs were perfect but everything else was over done ham and English muffins were burnt around the edges. Anyway manager got wind of husband's over cooked steak and gave us a card for a free entree when we return. Not returning so have a free entree for anybody who wants it. Even our grandson (who is 10)didn't eat but a couple of bites of his pancakes but he loved the bacon.  So here's a couple of stars for good bacon and eggs cooked perfectly.
5	Great service!  Prices are reasonable. I love that you can take your dog out on the patio and there's no smoking out there.  The "Brizza" or breakfast pizza was a hit with my kiddos!  We will definitely be back when we're in town again.
2	First time here - and let me tell you, a whole debacle started over just that. Upon walk-up, there was a greeter at the door who, as we reached for the door handle and pulled it ajar, asked us if we were "new here" in which we told her we were. Then she proceeded into a lengthy, very rehearsed explanation at how the inside set up was going to work, all the while other guests were approaching the entrance too - including one a-hole who just squeezed in passed us as if I was holding the door open for him and after I called him out he said "Well?! Im not new here!". I barely could pay attention to her monologue while all of these other people passed us at the door, and finally we just thanked her barely comprehending what she had just said and went in to line up. This whole set up already gave us anxiety. Now we get to the cramped line at the door where you look at menu panels as you walk further in. To me, this isn't exactly the ideal set up as one can't see the entire menu to decide, you have to read them as you walk further in and people move out of your way. So far I am not getting the concept here. Like, I do get it, but I don't get it. It's a breakfast house, not a factory line. I don't like feeling I am being processed through a system when I go to eat. We ordered the Meat Lovers Scramble and the gringo Burrito. We thought the prices seemed a little much for it being a quick-order-and-eat breakfast place, but it has great reviews, so...Yeah, the Meat Lovers, not so meaty. It was scrambled eggs and bacon and ham. Now that I look back at the menu, I realize it says here sausage too, ours had no sausage. It wasn't a very large portion, and having some limp, soggy hash browns aside and then wheat toast - we were recounting trips to IHOP being more satisfied with a similar order. And for $8.29? It's not to be mean, it's just true. My boyfriend was still hungry after this so I shared some of mine. The Gringo Burrito was really good. I would eat that again. I didn't expect much from scrambled eggs and bacon in a tortilla, but it was tasty. I feel like it needed the salsa and sour cream it came with sides of, but it was good. Realistically though, I could just make it at home. Hash browns, again, I've had a lot better (even at Denny's). That's a shame because good hash browns can save a boring breakfast dish. We saw someone going around and asking the tables how they were doing and if and what they liked, but no one came to our table or we would have shared. Oh well, looks like a lot of people love it here so to each their own, eh?!
2	The food was decent, but as others have said the ordering system is stressful and not well thought out. I thought it was overpriced based on the fact that I'm getting my own utensils, drinks, condiments, etc. I can pay the same amount elsewhere and get full table service, with some time to sit down and review the menu, and have a relaxing experience. The area where you get your own stuff is right in the center of the dining area and has the various things on all sides of it, so there is no real line or queue. People just walk up and grab things. It wouldn't be so bad but it's all a little cramped. You're bumping into people's chairs while you're grabbing a fork. I drink a lot of water when I eat so I left the table at least four times to get a water refill. Which just feels abut rude to have to leave my party so often, breaking the conversation. And they don't serve alcohol. What's a breakfast joint if we can't get a Bloody Mary or a mimosa? The thought of going back and dealing with that system is stressing me out, so I won't be back.
4	Very good! Set up like Sauce. I got the spinach and mushroom scramble and my husband got a burrito. Both were delicious! Eggs were light and creamy and hash browns were cooked perfectly! Loved all the vegetarian and vegan options. We will be back!
4	The first complaint I have, is that it had to many good choices. I lean towards the healthier breakfast options, but not tasteless options. Lucky I was not by myself, so I was able to try more than I could handle. The food was very good. I had the Cinnamon Apple Energy Pancakes, made with whole oats, perfectly scrambled eggs, and I was able to taste a very good veggie omelet.The set was quick and easy. You order, you pay, you pick a open table, they bring your food to you.First meal in Arizonia and it was good.
5	I really love this place! Not only do they have an extensive healthy breakfast item menu for those who choose to eat that way, but they have an awesome traditional menu as well.  They also change it up a bit and offer some interesting twists on breakfast classics.I went for the biscuits and gravy - so Delish! Its the real deal with fluffy biscuits and homemade gravy with chunks in it! Chunks of real sausage people, not that watered down crap from a can with processed sausage nuggets!Stop by when you get a chance, its Great!
5	Just got into town and found this place on yelp.  Great omelettes, staff and views!  I highly recommend it!
2	Bland.  Overpriced. Not remotely worth the ten dollars I spent on my pancakes that IHOP does a better job with. Avoid at all costs.UPDATE: One of the managers (The one with the awesome mustache) comped the meal, and thanked for the feedback. So A+ on service.
2	It's a walk in, order, then sit down style. I got a breakfast burrito and a black coffee which came to slightly over $11. The burrito was virtually flavorless, but the coffee was good. Crowded seating in my opinion. However, the staff were super friendly and helpful :)
5	This place was great! My friend and I were trying to find a place on the way to the airport, and found this gem on Yelp. The reviews were good, so we decided to head that way....and so glad we did.  The staff was extremely helpful and friendly, and the food was very delicious. I had the Southwest Burrito and the iced coffee Alarm Clock. The burrito was excellent, and the coffee was amazing. My friend had their French Toast, and went on and on about it.  The service was fast, and I loved the fact that dogs were welcome on the patio...and smoking wasn't! It was a lovely way to spend my last morning in Phoenix on vacation. Will definitely be back when I return to Phoenix.
5	Scramble is absolutely delicious. I bring everyone here. I'd eat it every morning if I could. The Breakfast burritos YUM! The rosemary potatoes are to DIE for! Its a very bright warm welcoming atmosphere and the staff is always friendly! The presentation of the food is always on point!
5	best breakfast in town.everything is always fresh,my favorite are the new berry cakes.they are so good and full of flavor.i love they use local vendors and do lots of great charity events . definitely the kind of place i like to eat at, plus the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.
5	This place rules!!! I mean, I think so. My boyfriend who I love sooo much, and he is sooo cute! and he is sooo funny and smart and I am soooo in love with him!!! Anyway, we came here and he gets the biscuits and gravy which he always says, ''these are hearty as fuck!'' He likes them. I get the berry pancakes which are totally good! but I can't finish them. And I eat them with hash browns which are the BEST! And we drink juice that is orange. The employees are nice and whatever. I just really love my boyfriend!
5	I got the Mushroom & Bacon omelette. The bf got the Costa Burrito. Both were delish! First time here and the cashier was glad to show us how it works. Would definitely come back.
5	Scramble has it together. They have a wonderful engaged staff and food that is prepared well (not greasy) and is quite tasteful. Two of us had breakfast and we shared pancakes and the Garden Scramble with turkey sausage.  We both thought it was great.  The place is clean and modern.  Keep up the good work!
5	I love Scramble. The food is good and the price is reasonable. But what it really gets 5-stars for is the service. The service is always outstanding, especially from Mike.
5	Yummy! We had the chicago breakfast pizza. Enough for two people. SUPER friendly staff. If we are ever back in Phoenix, we will stop in!
5	I love, love, love this place. My boyfriend and I come here at least once a month. The food is amazing; I usually get the Costa Burrito, Strawberry French Toast, or a brizza (breakfast pizza); today I was wanting something a bit healthier so I tried the Apple Power Pancakes ... they were most excellent and super filling.  The staff is also extremely friendly and helpful.  It is nice to sir inside or on the dog-friendly patio and is an overall great experience.
5	Love this place, friendly, great service and great breakfast.  Highly recommend.  I come here a lot and so do my friends.
4	Always a good brunch location. Wish they'd open one in the east valley closer to where I live. Chocolate pancakes and eggs Benedict are my favorites here.
4	Bright, cheery & welcoming atmosphere.  Loved the heatlthy options on the menu but today was a cheat day so we opted for the omeletes.  I had the bacon mushroom and the better half tried the California.  Both were fantastic!  Also tried the jalapeno cornbread it was good.  The GM, Lauren, took our order...her cheerful demeanor set the tone for our whole morning experience and Stacy our server capped the morning with fantastic and informative service.  Would definitely recommend Scramble for great service and great food.
4	It's and order at counter place, which I don't normally like. However was greeted with a welcoming smile and a bubbly hostWide range of items but I stuck to usualEggs were cooked just right and sausage patties taste homemade with the light bounce in them when you hit with a forkI loved (and mean loved ) that they have loose tea. I had an Irish breakfast. Please don't ruin it by not having it with full fat milkI love you Americans but your tea drinking habits have a lot to be desired ;-)Next time you in Phoenix pop Im - worth it
5	This review is long overdue. My hubby and I took a road trip for our 29th anniversary, We left Simi Valley headed across Nevada to Arizona and home. One of the highlights of the trip was meeting up with family and friends in Phoenix.  I found Scramble on Yelp and asked my niece and nephew to meet me there. FIRST let me commend the staff! Over the top A+ customer service. The best cup of java I've had in a very long time.  Nice portion sizes excellent food!!!!The staff surprised us with a delightful cinnamon pastry that puts cinnabon to shame.
1	Had to wait 40 minutes in a line to order...while meanwhile the restaurant had many, many empty tables.  Food was good....but certainly not worth the wait.  They need a new and more efficient system.
5	The service is nice. Everyone greets you with a warm smile. The place is clean and easy to access with spacious parking shared by all the businesses in the strip. And the food is delicious!! I always get the breakfast burrito and a coffee. I'm in and out fast!
5	I have to say their customer service is fantastic! This is mine and my daughter's first time here in Scramble. I pass it all the time going to my friends house.  I always say, lets try this joint.  Well finally after our 3.1 mile run (Santa's Run), we came here for breakfast.  I was surprised of the customer service they had. There was a young lady greeting us and she was full of energy. This is an over the counter type breakfast house, where you go in line, order your food, they give you a number, pick your table, and they deliver the food. We ordered and shared the Alma which they call a Brizza. Which is basically a personal pizza. We also ordered the California omelet which was very very good. The Brizza consist of spinach, garlic, and cheese.  They also had sides, where the lady that took our order was also very cheerful and explained how everything worked, she recommended this hash brown patty, which was very tasty.  I would recommend this breakfast house and gave it 5 stars.
3	I would give Scramble 3.5 Stars. The menu offers a lot of options. My husband had the Costa burrito. He liked it very much. I had a biscuit & gravy. While the flavor was very good, the gravy was too thick. It just sat there in clumps. We also shared the French French toast. Very yummy but it was missing something. Maybe some type of berry? Or even a cinnamon sugar sauce? Also it was a little loud.  Anyway, since the patio is dog-friendly, I will go back to give it another shot.
3	Super fun space to eat in - the windows bring in the bright Phoenix sunshine. Great color schemes and plenty of seating inside (plus seating on the patio, although 7th street can get quite noisy).I tried the Vegan Veggie Scramble with a side of toast (rye!) and fruit. The scramble was okay - not a lot of seasoning or spice to pep it up. The toast was yummy, and I appreciated the vegan spread served with it. My husband with the Vegan Soyrizo Burrito with the sweet potato hash. The hash was disappointing - more mash than hash, if you will. Crisping it up would be ideal. The burrito was also ok - nothing that wowed the tastebuds.I always appreciate when restaurants - especially those that serve breakfast - have dedicated vegan items. I hope Scramble continues to keep those and add a few tweaks to really elevate these meals to a new level.
5	Came back to scramble today, was greeted with a friendly hello and a warm cup of coffee to start off.i ordered the Santa fe poached perfectly with some good cornbread style stuff instead of a English muffin.great locally owned place that offers local produce, I will be back very soon
3	I have been coming to Scramble on 7th street for a while now. I really like the food and the atmosphere of this place. Quality ingredients are used and the staff is wonderful.My favorites are the Toluca and the French Toast. I make an excuse to eat here or grab takeout just about every weekend.The only reason I am not giving more stars is because lately the accuracy of my orders have been unreliable. I like to order online to avoid the long line on Sunday mornings but each time I order scramble browns online I only get regular hashbrowns. Also, I have been wanting to try the yummy looking chocolate chip cookies that are always calling my name but no matter if I order online or in person they do not end up in my bag. This is a bummer because I usually don't notice until I get home. Definitely check this place out you won't regret it!
1	The service and setup for this place was awesome.... Which was why I was terribly disappointed when the food came to the table. I ordered the heuvos rancheros and it was so incredibly bland. My eggs were dry and overcooked, my husband's sausage was rubber, and the coffee was literally the worst I've ever had. Not worth the price.
5	We had a lovely breakfast here after a nearby hike. We had our dog with us as well. I can't believe how sweet the staff was. All of them. The best customer service we have had. They brought water to our dog. They had warmers over head - it was cold today! They brought some little wax sticks for our 3 year old to play with. The food was awesome- great menu to choose from. We ordered some flavored coffee drinks and they were awesome! I can't wait to hike again and come back! What a great find we came across today!
4	The food was amazing(They also have a seperate vegetarian menu) The staff were attentive without rushing you. You had plenty of time between courses yet it didn't feel like the service was slow. The service was impeccable. The cocktails were first class. Atmosphere was just right. It's fairly expensive but you get what you pay for & it was worth every penny. I'll definitely be visiting Scramble A Breakfast Joint  Phoenix again when I return to Phoenix.
5	One of my favorite places for an easy, casual breakfast, brunch, or even lunch. The staff is consistently friendly and the food is tasty. Wonderful options for vegetarians (like me) and vegans (try their awesome vegan french toast!)
