5	Costco now sells really good Honey Baked Hams.  and if you have never had a REAL HONEY BAKED HAM as in FROM HONEYBAKED HAM Co. on Cactus Rd then you can't die just yet.  You must at least once in your life have one from here.  I only buy them around holidays like Christmas and I have to wait in a big ass long line just to pick the ham up.  You must  pre-order your ham in advance to guarantee you get one for Christmas!  So as I stand in the line, I tell myself that it would be so much better if I just decided to buy a ham in September sometime, or in July-- but I forget.Not that waiting in the line is so bad, they have lots of free samples of food and there are usually nice people around you to make conversation with- ever so often an angry husband who must not have  know what he was getting himself into when he said "sure- I'll run and pick up the ham, honey".So this ham..... it is this perfect crunchy outer sugary glaze that just makes my mouth water thinking about it.  You need to go to Honeybaked Ham. Like FOR REAL.
4	lunch from honeybaked ham is a fun little treat for me. i normally completely forget this place exists so when i remember i head over immediately. my favorite (and today's lunch) is the tuscan turkey pesto. the pesto is flavorful, the turkey is always moist and tasty and the kicker is the vinaigrette that goes on top of the spring mix lettuce on the sandwich. pesto + vinaigrette = heaven! minus one star because honeybaked ham lunch is a bit pricey at $6.82 (including tax) for just the sandwich. but speaking of cost, i just noticed my receipt has a coupon for $1 off my next sandwich ... yay! i just hope i remember to use it.
4	Yeah, they have hams and whatnot, but it's a good place for lunch too--their sandwiches rock.
4	Now I have not had one of the world famous Honey Baked Hams.....but I have had the lunch special there. Let me just say they are fabulous....I receive coupons from them from time to time.....and they are priceless. I always get the Bistro Turkey and Brie which consists of smoked turkey, creamy sliced Brie, lettuce, tomato, Tangy mayo, dijon mustard, all on Sourdough bread. Yeah enough said I know....but I also had a great potato salad to go with it....and a cup of ice cold lemonade. All of this for less than 5 bucks....that's right less than 5 bucks....the sandwich is great...the establishment is clean....and the customer service is top notch. So if your ever in need of a great Turkey sandwich look no further than Honeybaked ham company. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!
4	We;ve all seen the lines around the holidays when people are waiting to pick up their hams for a holiday dinner. Well, they have cafe's as well, and their sandwiches, soups and salads are wonderful. If you are looking for a great place for lunch, try it! It's delicious!
5	3 words for you...Chipotle Chicken Sandwich....run....don't walk to any Honeybaked Ham shop and grab one. I sometimes have 3 in one week and they are 3.97 with a coupon for a limited time. I have to say though I would pay the regular price for them....because they are that good and the service is that good as well. Eat, Drink. and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	If you want a great tasting traditional sandwich this is the place to go!My husband and I both ordered the Bistro Turkey and Brie - honey baked roasted turkey breast, creamy sliced brie, tangy mayo, dijon mustard, lettuce and tomato on fresh sourdough bread. We ordered the combo special which comes with a side salad and a drink. The turkey was melt in your mouth delicious. There is no fancy restaurant or amazing presentations .... you come here simply for a great tasting sandwich : )
1	I wish there was a grade lower than this for this total rip off place.The week before Thanksgiving my wife and I were having her niece and family over for dinner.What better than a real, honey baked ham, right?We went over to the Honey Baked Ham Store in Paradise Valley on Friday and picked one up and bought three sides, mac and cheese, au gratin potatoes and baked apple slices.  The sides were a whopping $30.  The ham $56, but hey it's family coming.When Sunday came along, we followed instructions, heated the ham and sat down to eat.  The ham was extremely dry, salty, tough and fat. Totally inedible, The sides, no better than Kraft or Marie Calender in quality and hardly enough to go around. Everybody was disappointed and couldn't wait for desert.So, I went back with the awful ham in hand on Monday to get a refund.  Waited at least twenty minutes to speak with the manager.  He handled the refund himself, but would only give me back the $56.for the ham.  He grudgingly said he had credited us back on the the American Express card we used to pay originally.Just got our Amex statement,  Not only didn't he credit us back at all, he charged us another $56!!!.  So we are now out over $140 for a meal no one could eat.When I tried to talk to the manager again yesterday, some one over there said he was too busy to talk and would call us back.  And of course that never happened.My advice.  Want a good ham and want to be really overcharged?  Go to AJ's.  At least you will get something to eat for your money.
4	This was the first time I tried their sandwich.  I have to say it was pretty darn yummy, especially with the marbled rye bread.
5	The best spiral cut honeybaked ham ever made .   A definite must do :-)
1	Where do I start, well, let me just make this short and simple....  We had ordered from them the delivery/ catering option to be delivered on the 24th for a Christmas eve party.    40 guests were invited, that's right 40, and would you believe it, they never show up!!!! I mean, no phone call, nothing, the plans  and evenings of 40 HUMAN BEINGS, customers, potential customers, WERE NOT FED and this is on CHRISTMAS EVE for a party, not that easy to just change plans.  And can you believe as the hosts how we felt, this was beyond something terrible, this was a Christmas Nightmare!!! This place was even called the day before at 2:00 to verify the order.  No excuses on this one. Places like this, who could even possibly do this to their customers, or fail to deliver in this fashion, there should be a law against this, this was just wrong, beware people, on just principle I would say this place in not worthy of ones business, after this incident, I am left speechless, it caused soo much stress and heartache, unbelievable...
