3	Another day, another home improvement store. This time, I needed some of the plastic sheeting for covering windows in the winter time. It took me a bit to find it, only because I refused at least three very friendly offers of help from the folks working here. I just really like wandering the aisles and pretending that there is actually something I can do here without slicing my thumb open or suchlike.Prices are good. I don't know if they're any better or worse than Home Depot, but they certainly have a better selection than Wal-Mart though if Wal-Mart sells it, it's probably cheaper there.
3	LOWE'S is LOWE'S if you ask me. I don't do Home Improvments or yard work etc.. so I only go to LOWE's for certain things. Welp... they have it. So, can't really complain. They have the BEST specials on Charcol (Kingsford, Matchlight)2 17.5 bags for the price of 1. around 10 bucks or so. Can't beat that.
4	This was a quick trip for me, I just needed to have a key made. I won't lie I'm not a frequent hardware store shopping....only for the occasional spare key or a gift card for my dad who is obsessed with fixing things....you will rarely find me in here! However, that being said this was a very nice trip! The service was fast, the associate who made my key asked about my day and was very informative. Overall the place looked clean, the associates were helpful and I was out with my new key in no time!
5	My "go to" spot when I need something repaired in the house, or dreaming of a upgrade I actually can perform myself.  Notwithstanding that I believe that I am quite handy myself, they have been able to suggest and on some occasions, teach this old dog new skills in home improvements, which was greatly appreciated.
2	The group they outsourced to for my moms kitchen has disappeared in the wind and it is sitting here unfinished. Lots of promises, payments made, and no results. The cabinets were crocked and had to be redone, the countertops couldnt be leveled properly, the tiles we not even and are chipped, there are holes in the wall and no plumber to speak of. This is 3 months of expensive ridiculousness!
3	How is it that I manage to find my way to every home improvement store in the Charlotte metropolitan statistical area? In this case, I have no idea. I was about on the exact opposite side of town from my house, yet still I managed to wrangle my way to Lowe's.Good thing, too, as I found that they were having a sale on trees. Yes, trees. We needed a few to fill in some holes from where we had removed a few previously. Perfect. Unfortunately, they were getting rid of the trees that were out of season - or close to it - and had grown too big, which meant that they also didn't fit very well, but that's okay. It all worked out.Until they started flopping over as they grew, which means - another trip to the home improvement store.The thing I like best about Lowe's (over the large and brightly-colored competitor) is that they make it super-easy to return stuff by being able to look up purchases made on a credit card. Now I'm not saying I return anything, but if you should want to, and if you happen to have misplaced your receipt because you don't keep track of it like a good consumer, they can look up the card and you're on your way. What's that? They still can't find it? Often a merchandise credit will still be headed your way. Awesomeness.Now if I can just get them to keep taking all my money.
