4	Cute little local cafe. Good selection of reading material, delicious coffee.  Small outdoor terrace during warmer days.If I didn't have an espresso machine and good beans at home I think I might be visiting this place a lot more often, because it has a homey yet cool vibe.  I like.
4	This place is quite good.  They have all of the things I'm interested in (tea, croissants, chai lattes) without the annoying parts (being a big chain or being in the McGill ghetto).  The service was quick and friendly, the seating was good, and the music was bitchin'.  It was really nice to not be subjected to muzak or some reed-flute monstrosity while I was drinking my tea; instead, there was some solid classic rock.  I would (will) return.
5	Maybe I'm biased as I live upstairs from this gem of a cafe but a place where people remember your name and your usual orders is always heading in the right direction with its customer service experience in my opinion. As a native European who has idled away many an hour in cafes in Edinburgh, Dublin, Brussels and Bologna, La Plume for me is a true hybrid. It has the precision of the perfect Italian cafe with perfect short espresso shots and exemplary cleanliness. The staff while relaxed are always busy even when there's no one waiting to be served... It has the expert service of Brussels; efficient, polite, friendly and professional...And most importantly knowledgeable. I like when someone can speak at length about their coffee beans, ingredients in sandwiches and who know the difference between a tea and a tisane! There's definitely passion here, genuine passion. It has a bit of the atmosphere of Dublin and Edinburgh too.  It has the service of a great restaurant and the laid-backness of an Irish pub... it feels slightly edgy and very unique. The place is replete with interesting magazines on the wall, interesting people sitting around, all shapes, sizes, styles and backgrounds, old and young, professional, artist, student, geek, tourist, fashionable, gay, straight, gorgeous... They all drift in and out, blending seamlessly into the cafe. The music played always causes me to ask the owners what the last song was... The view out the window onto Avenue du Mont Royal Ouest is always interesting especially with the Veterinaire next door as you see all manner of pampered pooches and their owners coming and going. Of course such a place can only exist in Montreal. And ultimately from my experience thus far, Montreal is like the coffee in La Plume, a perfect unique blend of all the things you like.PS: All the prices here are inclusive of tax. There just isn't enough of that in Montreal!
4	This is my go-to coffee place near my work. The coffee is good and (just as importantly) consistent.The vibe is nice and chill, and the place is nicely decked-out, with a lot of air and good internet - it's a great place to come and do some work on your laptop.While I haven't tried much of their food, they always have a nice selection of pastries fresh daily.The only reason I couldn't give them 5 stars was because of the cost. $4 is pretty steep for a latte, but I guess beggars can't be choosers...
5	Impressed... I was impressed.The coffee was awesome and the sandwich was really good. Maybe it's because I was returning from a cold hike on the mountain, but I'll be returning. The decor was cute and inviting. It's well located. There really isn't much else in terms of coffee within a block of that place. Well there's a Tim Hortons, but the homeless and mentally deranged patrons there might turn you off.
4	Nice little coffee shop...reminded me of a Seattle / Vancouver type coffee house. I had a latte which was served west coast style. Free wifi. Pastries are pretty fresh and tasty. I went twice because the coffee was so good and the latte was a perfect size. A little pricey but everything is in Montreal.  My favorite coffee spot in the Mount Royal area.
5	As soon as I realized that Plume serves Verve, a Santa Cruz based roaster beloved by my Santa Cruz Alum BF, I knew we had to go during our time in Montreal. As other people have mentioned, it feels like a slice of the West Coast in Montreal - sunny and chill. Plume is in a great location on the edge of Mount Royal Park (and great for us because it was a block away from where we were staying). We came here 4 days in a row, and had regular coffee, espressos, cortados, and americanos, all to our great satisfaction.  can't speak to the food besides a very nice croissant, but with coffee like this, who needs food?
5	My experience at Cafe Plume was great! They had really great pastries, great coffee, and the service was extremely friendly and accommodating. And with the free wifi there as well, it was very easy to spend lots of time in the cozy coffee shop.
5	I love this place! First visited Cafe Plume on a day when I was feeling home sick of Vancouver. I knew I was meant to love this place when the friendliest barista told me that she is from Victoria Island! The fact that the coffee, the sandwiches and pastry as well as the atmosphere are all perfect, is a bonus!!! The artwork adorning the walls of this cafe keep changing to showcase local artists and they have a wall with really cool magazines (French and English) for their customers to read.
5	After visiting several spots in Montreal I came to two conclusions... No quality roasters in Montreal (someone should get on that). Not many people serve Canadian roasted beans... I found Phil and Sebastian and of course 49th and parallel, which I found would have been fine if executed correctly. With all that being said I think that Cafe Plume serving Verve out of Santa Clara was by far the best execution for a simple 6-8oz Americano. Perfectly done and Verve is mighty tasty! I don't think they do pour overs here though so if thats what you are looking for you are better off trying Myriade (Serving 49th, and Heart when i was there).
4	Cozy little spot with nice staff, laptop friendly looking out on the park, magazine rack in the back and no sense of rush. I'm happy here, but kept from the 5 stars by a filter cup of coffee that's a little weak for my taste. And I don't remove stars for terrible art, but if I did, let's say Meh. Super meh.
4	Food, coffee, service: they're all good here.The staff are very friendly and very competent baristas.The menus is uncomplicated, but sufficiently unique to stand out in your mind. I've yet to try a sandwich I haven't liked.And the coffee is also particularly good. I would, however, avoid the filter coffee as it tends to be bitter (I guess those beans just aren't meant to be brewed in a drip coffee maker).Lastly, the atmosphere is really cozy. I often lose track of time while working or reading. On the weekends, moreover, laptops are not allowed at any of the tables, allowing the place to be the kinds of social spot that a cafe is meant to be.
5	My usual poison is the classic latte. Been drinking it here since they opened in 2011. During a moment of "pourquoi pas" tried the Cortadito. Now the glass tumbler it came in reminded me of the small glass cups that are sold in Indian Tea stalls (where the common man in India can get a small cup of chai - regular tea with milk - for cheap by Indian standards)I was impressed by this concoction, double esspresso with steamed milk. Its strong flavour reminded me of a "kadak chai" (strong flavoured regular tea with milk and sugar)Looks like the humble latte has to compete for my robusta affection with the cortadito!
5	Plume totally hits the spot for coffee and pastry and ambiance delight. I got a delightful latte and possibly the best blueberry croissanty thing I've ever had - rich and flakey with just the right number of sugar crystals on top. Mmm.From the candy-apple red La Marzocco espresso machine to the row of identical MacBook Pros from the clientele, camping out hour upon hour, this place looks the part. Big bright windows, copious seating in a small space, and friendly, funny baristas, too. Free wifi, lots of outlets. The art...the art is rotating, and when I was there it looked like the sort of quaint suburban landscapes that my grandmother would paint...but hey, I love my grandma, and I didn't spend much time looking at the walls. But I don't think it's coincidence that most of the seating is pointed toward the shiny coffee machine and tempting pastry counter, and away from the artwork.
5	Shocked and surprised!!! This place is a very close second to my favorite cafe Myriad. Wish they accepted credit.
5	I recently spent a beautiful spring day studying here! Even though I was inside, the huge windows and the open door let the fresh air and sunshine in and it felt amazing. I only ordered tea, but I was given a large pot of probably the best chai tea I've had in a while.I'm pretty new to Montreal and am making my way around the city discovering new places, but this is definitely a spot that I will return to!
4	My wife and I went to this place while we were on vacation in Montreal. When we travel, we try our best to avoid Starbucks, and support local coffee shops instead. We found Cafe Plume on a website's list of top 5 coffee shops in Montreal (http://canadanightlife.ca/2014/01/5-best-coffee-shops-in-montreal-2014/).This place did not disappoint. The service was on point. The guy was even patient with us and helped us when we were indecisive on what we wanted to order. The pastries were good. We order donuts with caramel and nuts on top which were delightful. The coffee was good. It was just as good or better than Starbucks. So we were happy about that.The ambiance was cozy with local art on the wall and contemporary decor. There also were quite a few locals there. I would definitely be a regular here if i lived in the area. Overall, this was a nice local place to get coffee and snacks. So If you're in the Plateau area, and you need your coffee fix, stop by this place for a cup.
3	Cuppa solid coffee. Yes, I was into my latte. But I gotta say I was not so much into the vibes. The place needs a bit of love and style. Not exactly a comfy cool place to hang out or read in or study. Close proximity to the park makes it a go-to pit stop.
