1	A couple years ago I almost rented an apartment here but was shocked by how they mistreated me and stole my money.This was a classic bait and switch in my book.  I was shown a great looking apartment with vaulted ceilings and high windows that I thought was great.  I selected options with their employee, put down my deposit and waited for the move in date.When it came time to get the keys the apartment was nothing like what I had asked for.  It turned out that several of the options I had selected with their assistance were in fact mutually exclusive.  So they just picked one and assumed that would be fine?! (High windows and a garage were the options. But lots of little differences that made the place look dark and oddly designed.)Obviously I wasn't willing accept the apartment because my agreement to the premium price was predicated on getting all the things I wanted.  I explained how I felt: that somebody at some point before taking my money should have said "Oh, I'm sorry, but that apartment we were selling you on doesn't actually exist."They were very rude and refused to refund me the money I put down on their fiction.Down with Ovation!
5	I've been living at the Venicia Apartments since late August, approx four months. Before choosing Venicia/Ovation, I had done a considerable amount of apartment shopping, as well as looked at various houses to rent. A few of my friends chose other apartment complexes around the city, therefore I feel I've both seen and heard quite a bit regarding the present Vegas market. Overall I believe the Venicia is a fantastic choice! First off, the outside look is charming, not too unlike the Venetian Hotel. The landscape throughout is top shelf--lots of greenery, trees, plants, shrubs, and rock designs, all trimmed and well-maintained. Inside, the apartments are functional and attractive, with new appliances, high ceilings, a roomy feeling, and an intelligent sound design, as I rarely hear my neighbors. All this said, my favorite part of the Venicia is probably the staff and community. Staff, in short, kick ass. They respond to phone calls and emails immediately, usually within hours, and maintenance problems are often handled within 24hrs. What's more, they follow up by phone or email to make sure your issue was addressed properly.  What more can one ask for? Well, perhaps for all this to be done with a smile and friendly attitude, and that happens too! Even further, the maintenance guys go the extra mile. I wanted to hang a heavy bag in my garage (the attached garages also rock), and one of the maintenance guys helped me without hesitation. The entire staff makes a concerted effort to build a positive community--and as far as I can tell--it really works. There is definitely strong leadership here. Inside the complex, it feels like you're in a friendly little neighborhood. People walk their dog, relax at the pool, hit the gym, enjoy the hot tub, grill up a few steaks for dinner at the clubhouse, and more. When I've compared all this to my friends' stories of their complex, it seems I got very lucky with my choice. Sure, it might be a little more expensive than some other places, but it's well worth it. You get what you pay for, and much more. I'm fairly new to Las Vegas, and I can see how it is somewhat of a transient place, and perhaps challenging to make friends or develop long-lasting connections. But the Venicia is a lovely little sanctuary with good people amidst the buzzing city, and I'm thrilled to be here for however long I make Vegas my home. Cheers, Brendan Magone
1	Don't move into these apartment homes unless you love throwing away your money! I moved in and paid my holding, security, and cleaning fees. When I left after 3 years they charged me hundreds of dollars in more 'cleaning' fees. And the next person who moves in behind me will also be paying the fees twice too! They basically double charge every tenant. Despite the fact that I never took of advantage of the option for a repaint with a lease renewal (I never really had many scuffs or paint damage on my walls so why put maintenance through the trouble...?), when I moved out, they charged me for a repaint, carpet wear, and a spill in the fridge. Are you kidding me?! I lived there 3 years and kept the place immaculate and they forward me a bill for the wear and tear that any home would have after 3 years. I tried disputing the charges through the proper channels and was met with the standard run-around. The rent I was paying was already enough to give one pause but the property manager,Desirae, and Ovation Property Management are absolute crooks!!!
5	I lived at Ovation Venicia from late August through July 31st of this year. Nearly one full year.  I had been meaning to write a review sooner but had been caught up with moving and work. That said, when I occasionally drive by the Venicia on Fort Apache, I still look at it with happiness, for it was a great home to me for one year. I wrote a review halfway through my stay, giving it a five-star A+ rating, and I stand by that. And here are my quick overview thoughts, looking back at the year. The Landscaping--some of the best I've seen in Vegas. It's really lovely to walk around the complex with fresh growing greenery, various plants, blooming flowers, manicured desert landscape, and well-trimmed trees. Even driving back from work, it feels like you've returned to an oasis or sanctuary. And that's needed in a wild and woolly town like Vegas! The Pool Area--rocks. Clean surroundings, nice barbecues, lounge area covered and non-covered, and adjacent to a 24hr mini gym and office-houred clubhouse. In a perfect world the hot tub would be hotter, but most hotels and resorts these days have really low hot tub settings, liability issues or energy issues I'm guessing. This area is a nice communal place, too, to have a few beers with your friends or even meet your neighbors. Venicia has a few pool parties throughout  the year that encourage a positive, outgoing community; people are free to have space and do their thing, yet can connect to a community when they want to.The Apartments--like luxury condos. Fairly new, granite counters, walk-in closets, high ceilings, and so forth. Make no mistake, it's a classy and comfortable place to make home. The Area--I really like the Southwest. Clean, wide open streets, LVAC close, Red Rock close, Whole Foods Market, Regal Theatre, bike paths and walking areas close, etc. It's safe and convenient to the 215. And driving to the airport took me 16 minutes, that's hard to beat.The Price--it's expensive, but worth it. Yet, compared to most big cities, still cheap. Well under San Francisco, LA, Seattle, etc.  The Staff, Maintenance, & Management--awesome. They work very hard to take care of issues and make your stay comfortable. I use the word "stay" in this case because it does sometimes feel like the kind of service you would get at a five star hotel. Nearly every time I had an apartment issue, here is what happened:  I call them, they either answer or call back in 20 minutes. They listen closely and tell me they will get to it within 24 hrs. And usually within an hour the maintenance guy swings by! Lickety-split, it's done. No joke, they are swift and efficient. For bigger issues with the complex, they may take longer because of service delays or ordering of parts, but that's understandable. Anytime it was a problem with my immediate apartment, it was done well within 24 hrs, usually an hour or two. I also feel that Desiree, the manager, truly cares about Venicia and making it a good home for its tenants. She and the staff are often doing little things above the call of duty, to improve, change, or just better the atmosphere there. Yes, the place actually changes and improves, rather than many complexes that simply maintain status quo or deteriorate. Having Friends & Family Visit--time to show off. My guests were always blown away by Venicia, and couldn't believe I had such a sweet setup. Overall--I loved my stay, and I recommend Ovation Venicia without hesitation.  Cheers, Brendan Magone
5	Nothing bad to say about Venicia. It is an awesome place to live. The location is perfect. 15-20mins from the strip. Grocery & gas are close by. There's great shopping and restaurants all within a 5 minute drive.Staff is super friendly and helpful.  I have had minimal maintenance issues and when I do the staff is quick to respond. The apartments are spacious with a great layout and multiple models. If you're looking, it's worth checking.
5	I lived at Venicia from Oct. 2009 until March 2013 and loved it.  Going into a rental you are told what fees there are so the ones that are complaining just didn't pay attention.  As far as late fees...if you are late....you are late.   You signed the lease.  Take responsibility for your actions.  When I was late I paid my fees and didn't give them any grief.   The grounds was always very nice and I never had a problem with the staff.  When I had issues that were my fault I didn't argue with them, I just corrected it like an adult should.  They were just doing their job.  I loved my apartment and did not want to move but had to get a house because I was getting married and my fiance had a dog which would have put us over the pet restrictions.  It was a little pricey but for a 2x2 with a 2 car attached garage in that area of town I could not complain.  I chose that area, that apartment and knew what I was paying for.  It is a nice place and I would recommend it.
5	I've lived at Venicia for over a year now and have really enjoyed it so far. My roommate was living in the apartment before I got here... probably a year or two longer than myself and he seems to really like it as well. Some of the fixtures in the apartment look a little bit dated but it also looks like they've made some upgrades in other places... mainly the bathroom and kitchen counter tops, which look to be granite. We live in a 2 bedroom that comes with a carport. It's got a big open living room, dining room, and kitchen area. The kitchen even has a little bar space that works well for breakfast.The 24 hour gym is pretty small and some of the equipment is older but it gets the job done. I usually take advantage of the treadmill or bike. I love that they have wireless internet for the pool/gym area because I like to watch some of my TV shows while I'm working out. They have a TV in the gym as well but sometimes it's already set on a channel when I get there.I haven't had a lot of contact with the staff but the little I have had has been good. It's literally nothing... just picking up a package here and there.I've also had a faucet repair done on my bathtub. They came by our place on three separate occasions to get it fixed. Once to check and see what the problem was, again to replace the entire faucet head, and a third time when the dripping faucet continued even after the initial repair. It took them a couple tries but it no longer drips! I'm a bit of a tree hugger and listening to that drip was driving me crazy.
1	This place is roach and cricket infested. Think twice before moving here. All they want you for is your money
5	I would have to strongly disagree with those one star reviews out there on Venicia. My wife and I moved to Las Vegas and searched high and low for a good apartment complex here on the west side of town near Summerlin, and were hard pressed to find any that felt right, clean, safe, etc. we've lived here and have loved it, we have neighbors but never hear them. There aren't a bunch if noisy kids running around and playing in the streets. The landscaping is kept up very nicely, we frequently takes walks. The gym is nice as well. Free weights are always a plus. It's nice that they're only two floors, so you're by constantly up and down stairs. They feel more like homes than apartments. The management has been great to work with. Whenever we need something fixed, it's usually taken care of that same day or the next depending on urgency. The staff has always been very friendly. Meagan the manager of the office is awesome, she always remembers us and knows the tenants, and random details we've shared with her about our own lives, which adds that personal touch. It's been an great experience living here. The price is VERY reasonable for what you get. And of course if you leave your apartment trashed when you move out of course they'll charge you fees. Or if you break your contract there's fees, but it's all outlined in the Lease agreement. If you keep your apartment nice, moving out is no problem! And also, we've hardly seen a single bug, no crickets or roaches, never once in our apartment, and you can have the bug people spray as many times as you request. If recommend this place to anyone! It's been a blast living here. Very very safe, and clean community.
2	I moved to this complex about a month ago.   Before i moved in they keep adding fees and all kind of different payments all the time . They took 300$ cleaning fee place was so dirty I couldn't believe that's somebody even clean that at all . Apartment its small has no storage at all . Very uncomfortable to move in and out with furniture . Its quiet and nice looking outside . People are good  I will give it 2 stars
4	I just moved into Venicia (3 bedroom) at the beginning of this month. Overall I love it. The only thing that bothers me with the fees are the two "deposits". We were charged a $300 non-refundable deposit that was explained as a holding/cleaning fee. We were okay with that until we took a closer look at the kitchen and bathrooms. No matter where I move or who cleaned before me, I HAVE to personally clean every inch of my place before unpacking and settling in or else it won't feel like my home. In doing so I found a lot if things that made me gag. My boyfriend posted pictures of the stove when we moved in so I will not. It was really gross and there was dried up, "gummy" feeling food under many of the drawers. I won't go too much into detail because I cleaned it all immaculately and I'm happy now. It's just when I called to make management aware, the rep told me the $300 fee only covers basic cleaning like sweeping, mopping. But I had to scrape food off the floor near the stove and refrigerator. It's not their fault the persons before me didn't know how to clean up after themselves but I still should not have ever seen it in that condition. This is the only reason Venicia is not getting 5 stars. Other than that we love it here. It's not as quiet as my last place (Monaco Park) but I think the walls are a little thin, because I can hear my neighbor laughing a lot. Sounds like an older lady. I like to imagine she's watching her shows. Matlock or the Golden Girls. It's a cute laugh, though. And it makes me happy and lol so no worries. The community is absolutely beautiful. The gym is amazing with free weights and I can not wait until spring to check out the jacuzzi and grill area. The office staff are polite and it seems like they have a great rapport with tenants. I've only needed maintenance twice for a couple of things I noticed when moving in and they responded in a timely manner and were helpful. 13 months to go, though. Just hope the good vibes continue.
