3	Blick is my art store of choice. Their selection is decent and they're on the way to art school. Blick is right off the 95, just take the Decatur exit and head south. Kind of in a ghetto neighborhood, near the once prestigious Meadows mall and the always tacky Diversity Tattoo. Blick isn't the cheapest, but they're constantly having rad sales. And when a semester is back in session, they have a giant sale. Giant sales are cool. Unless you need something ASAP, just watch the sales radar and hold out. They have a broad variety of art supplies for all sorts of art disciplines. They have a bunch of paints, papers, canvas, screenprinting supplies, drafting supplies, clay-working materials, so on. Some stuff they don't have mo much to work with. Like they only have a few kinds of raw canvas and linen. The staff is always young, hip kids, willing to help and empathetic to your bohemian starving artist lifestyle. You can sign up for a Blick card for 10% off every purchase. Just do it. This place is my candy store. When I first moved to Vegas, on my first visit to Blick, I dropped $200 on faggy art supplies. I have no regrets. * off the strip, non-casino
5	I love this place.I went to michaels to try and find items for applications on fabric among other artsy things. If i was an old lady from Oklahoma who though that jean everything was in style then this would be the place for me. But i'm not.I went to Blick and low and behold all the things i craved from Micheals was there. Yeah some items aren't cheap but it goes hand in hand with the whole straving artist career choice.But i got what i wanted and i'm going back to get more of the items that have been long in my head and soon materialized to justice.
5	Blick Art Materials is an artist's haven for everything an artist needs. It's the ABCs to ART. No exaggeration at all. If you've ever taken an art class or happened to stumble upon this place, well my friend, you've really found a great place!I first heard about this place when I took a drawing class at CSN in the winter of '08. I was sent off with a long list of materials to have before my next class and their entire staff was so great! They took the time to help me get everything I needed and jumped me to the front to pay-- no wait! I had such a positive experience going there back and forth for different pencils and gadgets that I come here for everything that has anything to do with art. I recently came here to fill up on oil paint for a recent art gallery for church. I knew exactly where everything was because sometimes, change isn't a good thing :)In my most recent experience, I came across plenty of coupons and emails about sales and decided to take advantage of it. As busy as I can get, I didn't have my coupon from the mail on me so my gf called the store and spoke with someone about not having the coupon with us, but being that we were already on the road heading to the store, one the sales associates told her that they have some extra so come on down to the store.  I really needed some canvas ASAP so I can start on my painting!Compared to stores like Michael's or even Walmart, Blick is the shh! I can spend hours upon hours browsing and making a gigantic wish list for all the cool stuff they have in there. I used to go to Brooks Brothers for canvas, but Blick got those too! Cheaper, even! I'm so glad that I found this place. I will definitely be back when I start taking up painting again! :)
5	I'm not an artist myself but every time I go here with my boyfriend, he finds everything he needs. Whenever we call to ask about their products or we're in the store scouring for a specific item, they know all about the different brands & always have great recommendations. If you're not a member, you have to pay a $10 fee but it's worth it because you're sent coupons through email/snail mail on top of the many sales they have.
5	Get out of the blues, paint something!More colors, more canvas, more brushes, more art than anywhere here in Vegas!Also more sales and if you became a member, ( $10.00 ) you get extra 10% off on all your purchases. I used to go to Michael's and had to settle with what they had there until I discovered this place. This is where serious artists get their supplies and the people that work here are very knowledgeable about all the products, service here is outstanding. And now that I have everything, I need to find the time for that eluding masterpiece of mine. Lately I've been drawing........something......a lot!
4	I go here primarily because of their stock of the professional quality procion mx tie dyes and supplies. This is the only place locally that has a good stock and selection as far as that's concerned and they have everything I need to get my hippie project on! Now I have gone there to get other artistic and crafty supplies, their selection rocks and I have their preferred card so I get 10% OFF  every time I visit! If you're into being artistic this place is definitely worth a visit!
4	This store has almost everything you would need to accomplish the project of your choice. Just walking around the store and looking at the wide variety of mediums and artistic implements will give you ideas for projects. Every time I go there I have to remind myself not to impulsively buy everything that catches my fancy. I would end up spending hundreds of dollars every visit.Although you can probably purchase cheaper supplies at Hobby Lobby or (ugh) Walmart, what you purchase here will be authentic quality materials that will help you yield good results.The staff are friendly and very helpful.
5	I love art and I love Blick. You can find anything arts and crafts related here and they have actual artist quality supplies, which makes them my favorite. If you are a student, you can sign up for a free membership and receive 10% discount every time you shop. Couldn't get any better!
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 17/100As a requirement for college Art 101 class, students are given a list of art supplies to buy at the beginning of the semester. Per my professor's advice, Blick is the first place to run to, second being Desert Art Supplies and not surprisingly, Blick did not disappoint. This place had just about everything an artist needs - portfolios, tortillians, paint brushes, you name it. Overwhelmed by the countless shelves of supplies, I resorted to asking one of the staff for help and he willingly walked me through every item on my list, pointing out all the good deals and being so kind as to offering advice on how to get a preferred card that garners a 10% discount. I ended up saving well over 30% considering my professor had ties with the store and folks had the privilege of enjoying their winter art sale that's probably still going on right now. Of course, when there's a sale, it's always smart to be ready for alternatives because a lot of the products were already out of stock, and college has been in session for only about 2 weeks. Nevertheless, I got out of there with pretty much everything I need but am set to head back this Thursday for their Blick Madness event that offers coupons for 30% off entire purchase. Wonderful, knowledgeable staff, neat & well-organized store and good deals. Oh and origami lovers, if Chinatown or local Japanese stores have not satisfied your paper folding cravings, this would be the place to go!
4	How can you not love Blick Art supplies if you are an artist of any type? This place was almost like a piece of heaven when I realized that I actually got to go TO the store. This is the main art supply company that I used in college, but we only ordered through the magazine. I love getting to go in and browse through random art supplies and brainstorming ideas.(1) Supplies - they have just about anything you need. Maybe they don't have everything you want, but they can probably order it. For most mediums though they have solid supplies and very reasonable prices. I go in there for work supplies as an Art Director but almost always walk out with something for myself. (2) Service - The service is always great. They are super helpful and most of them really know what they are doing. I've been rambled about ideas and they helped me figure out what I needed to execute said idea. It's nice to go into a store where the people there actually belong there.(3) Location - Ok this is where it lost a star. This place is in a pretty crappy area BUT luckily it's on the way to/from one of our printers so I can swing in on a regular basis.This is one of my shining stars for living in Las Vegas. I may not get the beauty and community I got in Denver Or Oxford, MS, but I do get Blick Art Materials and that makes me smile.
5	I know it's one of the two main art stores in vegas, but I really do love this place. It's so well-organized and they have so many supplies. The workers are usually very helpful and can always help me find what I need if I can't.
5	Yay! Just finished my first painting using all the materials from here :)It was a one time fluke, I'm not a painter, not could I ever be, but with the help of few friendly employes, I was able to gather all that I need it !This is a great beginners store,or students, they also heave a discount for students, all you need is your school ID.Check it out!
5	This place was an absolute savior to me when I was taking drawing classes at CSN, great prices compared to other stores, didnt have to spend a fortune. The staff is helpful.
5	HO-LY, CRAP! I can't get enough of this store. I'm there so much most of the associates know me by name and I'm just some jackass who took up painting as a hobby. Very friendly staff, VERY knowledgeable. Seek out Susan. She's a short woman with an ever-changing hair color. She knows EVERYTHING. If she tells you something is/isn't a good buy, LISTEN! Most of the associates there are/were/are trying to be artists so you can generally find someone with experience with the stuff you're looking for. They have sales constantly and discount cards. I have even been told something along the lines of "this is awesome, but wait 'till it's on sale." I love the honesty. I started painting with acrylics when an old art major friend was cleaning out her closet and found a bunch of old Liquitex Basics (aka, good for beginners, complete crap to anyone else) and they helped me evolve up the lines. I probably wouldn't still be painting/drawing if it weren't for this store. And this is all coming from someone who didn't take an art class until the ripe age of 24. Science jerk here.I have yet to find an art supply store with more reasonable everyday prices, and their sales can be insane. Flex those creative muscles and get yourself a starter kit of (insert your medium here)!Also pets are very welcome (so long as they behave). When I don't have my papillon with me the staff clearly misses her. I love you filthy, artistic, asses!
5	Super friendly staff!
5	I love this store. The people are friendly and super-helpful, the prices are reasonable and the selection is virtually unlimited.I'd like to especially thank young Mila for her courteous, professional help in assisting a foreign friend of mine put together a complicated list of painting supplies. Mila was very patient as my friend's English was hard to understand, and she managed to assemble everything that was needed. Thanks, Mila!!!Also, you can get a store card on the spot and save 10% right away on everything you purchase. This was a great help because my friend's order was pretty big.I'll keep going back for all my art stuff!
5	First time here and I love this place. Wonderful selection of art supplies and frames. Prices are very reasonable and staff is very friendly. Coming back for sure.
5	This place is great. I recently started drawing and have come here a couple times to get supplies. The staff is always friendly and helpful. They seem to have a good variety of supplies for a lot of different art 'genres' at great price. Their discount card isn't bad at all either. I've come in at a few different times and each time I'm there it seems like there's a good flow of customers. I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Amazing selection. Well worth the drive as its kind of out of the way. Amazing selection of spray paints and canvases.
