5	Pink box doughnuts is a KILLING THE DOUGHNUT GAME!! far from the traditional doughnut shop! Every flavor is amazing.. I highly recomenned trying at least one dozen In your life
1	Pink box has great donuts but this location is unreliable. We went in on Sunday at 9am and were told they had no donuts that day. I'm not a donut expert but I imagine Sunday is a good day to make sure your stocked. Wasted our time driving there. Stock up kids!
5	I love pink box! But I wish they didn't run out of donuts so quickly. They definitely need to restock throughout the day.
1	I concur with Shilo, I just got back from heading that way and no one was there. This location is unreliable, call ahead of time or just head to Summerlin.
2	For a while now I've heard of how amazing Pink Box Doughnuts are but if any of the other locations were like this one amazing would be a stretch. I've never been to those locations so I have to review my experience here.This one's located inside of a Fabulous Freddy's Car Wash, Lube Shop and Convenience Store. The setup wasn't that great, you know how Krispy Kreme serves doughnuts at various gas stations and convenience stores its was more like that except with a larger counter and a live person. There were two small glass display cases on the front counter with one of each of the doughnuts they served. It was all for display though cause they'll grab the doughnuts from pans on the roll-in rack behind them. There's a couple tables and seats but they're shared with those waiting for their car's to be washed.I had the Fat Elvis, it was a doughnut stuffed with peanut butter and topped with chocolate, a slice of banana, and I think brown sugar. It was enjoyable but not great. The rest of the selection go from the basic glazed and chocolates to more creative ones like a maple bacon bar, s'mores, almond joy, etc. I'd probably be back to try those but for now since it was both good and bad it's going to have to be OK at least until I try more.This is more of a convenient spot for the people in the SW to get some Pink Box Doughnuts without the drive up north. You can order ahead of time via online or calling it. They range from $1-$1.75 a piece or $8.50-$12.50 a dozen. And they serve coffee too or grab something from the convenient store.
1	So we are so excited to have Pink Box so close to us! BUT this is the 2nd time we show up and it's closed. 1st time on a Saturday afternoon, which I get, but who wouldn't want a treat on a Saturday? So we went today, on a Sunday mid morning before 11am. Nothing! Closed! I called the summerlin location and was told they are sold out. They have them from 6a until they sell out. I get the donuts are good , but not willing to go at 6a to make sure I get a donut . Stock up guys, you are leaving money on the table and sending your customers to other shops. Dunkin here we come ! May not be gourmet, but they are open friendly and fully stocked! Reliable service vs no service ?!?
5	I'm not a huge donut fan but I am a dessert fan and these donuts ARE dessert level treats.  These are not your typical dunk into coffee donuts.  These are dessert masterpieces which just happens to sit on a donut.Faves:  S'mores, Boston Creme, Raspberry Filled, Lemon Curd.  I'm sure there are more flavors but by then I'm pretty much in a sugar coma and can't remember the rest of what I ate.I just wanted to mention a few words about one of their most popular flavors, Date With A Pig, or something like that.  It's an unusual flavor combo and not one I would go back for.  Just bc you CAN do it, doesn't mean you SHOULD do it and in my opinion, this flavor combo shouldn't be done - blue cheese, bacon, dates, sliced almonds on a sugary cream stuffed donut.  Give it a try, just to satisfy your curiosity and then decide for yourself if you want a second one.
4	You guys know that I like a lot of my food to be original...which means I guess I may be a little boring when it comes to my palette. Anyways, Pink Box has been on my list to try. I finally made it down to this Durango location and they had almost everything except the Tutti Frutti. I don't think I've had a gourmet donut before so it was definitely a new experience. There were two people ahead of me but the lady in charge was quite efficient. I ended up having extra time to ask her what were the most popular and well liked donuts since there was no one behind me. I ended up getting the strawberry shortcake (seasonal), NY chocolate cheesecake, maple bacon, green tea, Bavarian cream or is it boston cream and a plain old sugar donut. $8 for half a dozen...not too bad right? I was starving so I got home and chowed down on the sugar donut with my tot. I'm not sure if I was just really hungry or if it was really good but I liked it a lot. The donut was moist on the inside and perfectly sugared coated on the outside. One of my friends came over and tried some of the other flavors. The green tea one didn't really taste like green tea but the Rice Krispies gave it a nice texture. The maple bacon or bacon maple? was a bit too sweet for my liking and I just didn't enjoy bacon with my donut. By that time I was in a sugar coma and I couldn't take another bite. Overall, customer service was excellent. They do close up shop when they sell out and on the weekends the lady told me they sell out fast. I did like it a lot but some of their flavors I wouldn't be able to eat. I definitely will come back if I am in a donut mood.
5	Best donuts in Vegas! Tons of creative donut options. This store is a little less reliable than the Lake Mead location, but the products are just as good.
4	Got a dozen donuts but I couldn't try them all!  What I did get to try:  Maple Bacon, What-A- Joy, Campfire Smorez, Apple Fritter and raspberry filled is what I was able to try so far.  Maple Bacon is good, just like it sounds.  It has a maple top filling with bacon bits on top.  I didn't care for the top filling of the doughnut, but the bacon bits make it work.  Still wasn't bad, just wasn't my favorite out of the ones I tried.What-A- Joy, it's very chocolaty - which nothing is wrong with that just makes it all the better :). This was my co-worker's favorite. I believe this is made to mock the Almond Joy candy...well not mock but to mimic.  I don't like coconut usually but this surprisingly good.   I LOVE the smores...it tastes like smores.  It has a marshmallow filling that is soooo yummy, I had to dip some of the What-A-joy donuts in there because I like the filling.  Probably will get another one next time I stop by.  Apple Fritter- this was the least sweet out of the ones I tried.  Still good, I didn't taste chucks of apples or anything...I've never had this kind of donut before so wasn't sure how it's supposed to taste but it's a little sweet like some cinnamon but wasn't overwhelming.The Raspberry filled donuts is just like your regular filled donuts.  Looks like they use real preservatives though because I see the seeds in the filling of the donuts.  Yum.  It's sugar coated instead of glazed as some places make their jelly filled.  Definitely worth checking it out.  I tried mostly their Gourmet Doughnuts.  The two that weren't were the What-A-Joy and raspberry filled.  The location was in a gas station which I felt was a little old, but it works.  It seems clean..  There was only one staff member there, and she was very nice and helpful, suggesting some doughnuts to try as it was my first time there and giving me what people usual order and what her favorites were.  Overall great find, glad there is one near me and I don't have to drive to North area to try these!!
1	I'd love to try this plate but 3/3 times they've been closed or just sold out of doughnuts. Especially on Sunday mornings...what's up with that??
4	Every other post on my Facebook newsfeed yesterday was a picture of a box of donuts, celebrating #nationaldonutday. We woke up early today to go on a hot air balloon ride and decided to stop by Pinkbox on our way home to celebrate a day late. Usually we come too late, and they run out of donuts and close early. We were there around 8 and they were almost out! My favorite donut is the Fat Elvis, because I love peanut butter. I got a dozen donuts and tried a tiny piece of each. That's the best way to keep your waistline from expanding and trying all the flavors at once. :)
4	During baseball season, we live at Desert Breeze Park which is across the street from this location. We come in from 'old' Henderson so sometimes the trek all the way across town at 6am to sit and wait around a baseball field leaves much to be desired. That is, until a cute little Pink Box Doughnuts sign caught my eye one early Saturday morning.My daughter and I walked in and couldn't believe our eyes (and soon, we wouldn't be believing our taste buds either). Because we got there early, the assortment was plentiful, so we tried a dozen of their gourmet specialties. NONE of the dozen we sampled tasted bad. In fact, it was quite the opposite. A strawberry shortcake DOUGHNUT? our minds were confused but satisfied at the brilliant variations of famous dessert combinations being put  into doughnut/donut form. Every time I plan to be in the area, I make sure to get there before 11am to assure that I'll have a choice of donuts/doughnuts. I can only imagine this smaller location gets bombarded, and with limited space, I imagine the doughnuts/donuts being swooped up pretty early in the day. I've been there twice. Once on a busy Saturday, once during a slower Monday, around 11am. Both times, the same young woman was there. She was more than knowledgeable and friendly. She seems to thoroughly enjoy her donut slanging' job, and it was refreshing to get such excellent customer service. Now, the question ISN'T about whether you prefer to spell it donut/doughnut, the question is when will YOU try this place?
5	Best donuts I've ever had! I'm so glad they  opened a store near me because I'd have to trek to the northwest to get my donut fix! My favorite so far is the s'more donut, but everything else is pretty amazeballs. It's sooooo worth it on cheat days!
1	7/8 times I go to this location it's closed. Went on a Thursday at 1030. Sign said be back in 15 mins.  I left at 1100.  Terrible business model.  I concur with all the other 1 star reviewers.
2	Never pre- order from there. I've done it and when I get there they either wrote the day wrong, or they crossed it out. They have gave away the donuts I ordered.... so many different mistakes. The bad thing is that they don't have a variety for you to pick from when they do mess up. The donuts are good, too bad the service is not! Have not gone back after the fourth mess up!
1	Their donuts might be amazing, but I'll never know. Not only is this place annoying to get to - it's inside of a car wash and there's no parking - it's NEVER open. I've tried twice now because it's so close to my house, but it's been a total waste of time both trips.
1	I tried one donut from their place at the town square location and when I found out that there was one located right by my house I had to stop by to try more! Well, unfortunately, I'm not the only who realize that they are closed half the time. They had no donuts out or anybody in the store! What a waste.
4	I went back again but earlier this time to catch them WITH DONUTS. I ended up getting half a dozen and they were all unique tasting and not just your average tasting donuts. If you want to get their donuts I recommend going early. The lady said they usually sell out by 11am and they're done for the day.
2	Not sure if it's because I went to grab a few donuts so close to them running out but the ones I nabbed were horrible. By the time I got there, there we literally about 12 donuts left. I grabbed about 6 of them: 2 maple with bacon, 2 maple bars & 2 peanut butter cheesecakes. They were incredibly cold and to be honest it tasted the same as a donut I can grab from the market.The service was great though. The girl helping was very sweet and helpful. I'm assuming if they ran out so quickly it must be tasty but it wasn't for me.
3	Items Selected:Mound's BarPeanut Butter Cheesecake with ButterfingerLemon MeringueCheesecakeContinuing a torrid rate of expansion that has seen a single standalone expand to three counters and a kiosk in the past year it was through the serendipity of signage that I noted the new Pink Box Doughnuts in Spring Valley and with the flagship's minivan parked in front of Fabulous Freddy's delivering fresh goods I could not help but stop by, a quartet of flavors I'd not tried amongst the eighteen offered on South Durango that day.  As always featuring friendly service from an all-female staff it was just as shelves were being loaded that I entered the large Convenience Store and soon followed by three more patrons who'd apparently been waiting in the parking lot we each asked several questions before orders were placed, boxed, and in my case taken to the curb for consumption.  At this point fairly familiar with the brand and its propensity for options both raised and filled it was with modest expectations that I began my tasting with the Coconut-flecked Chocolate 'Mounds' and much like previous cake based options from Pink Box the result was middling at best; an overly dry crumb beneath light glaze proving far less inspired than any of the options to follow - a trio of brioche-style pockets each stuffed with housemade filling from which the weekly special of peanut butter tinged cheesecake soon shown the brightest, though the tangy lemon curd was not far behind with its punchy sour opening dissipating into a smooth and sweet finish.
4	Im a big fan of Krispy Kreme doughnuts because they have a classic taste, but I only every get the classic glazed (not a fan of their variety doughnuts) when my boyfriend took me to Pinkbox I was a little apprehensive. We ordered half a dozen all different doughnuts. I have to say though, every single doughnut I bit into was fabulous!! My favorite was the chocolate creme, bit it was very messy. We went late and the girl working there wasnt as friendly and inviting as I would've liked, but I'll let it slide because it was the middle of the night and I know that swing shift is tough. We will definitely be back.
5	I am not a huge doughnut fan, but Pink Box is to die for. Every single kind of doughnut I have had is amazing. This location runs out fast, but the lake mead location is 24hrs. my only issue with Pink Box is I wish they had a different brand of chocolate milk, true moo is gross.
4	As an (almost) native Las Vegan who was raised in the Spring Valley area (and remained to be a resident of the area until about a month ago), the donut place I grew up with was Dee's Donuts. I never thought it would ever go away, and what do you know, recently it did. In the search for a new non-chain donut shop, I stumbled upon the new location for Pinkbox. I have always heard rave reviews about the place but seeing how far the original location was from where I used to live, I didn't think it was worth it to go THAT far just to try a donut. I'm happy they've decided to open up more locations so people in the whole valley can give it a try.Now in this department, I may be a bit of a heathen. It appears that the main donut here that everyone's so crazy about is the bacon-maple bar. As for me, I wasn't interested. I honestly just don't get the "bacon in sweets" craze. Maybe I'll try it another time, but now just wasn't that time. The donut that caught my eye, was the Fat Elvis. A peanut butter filled donut with a chocolate glaze, brown sugar and a banana slice on top. I personally found the banana slice on top a tad excessive, but other than that, I'll take YUM! for 200 Alex! And it's a tiny banana slice that can easily be removed, no biggie. I was also intrigued by many of the cereal and candy bar inspired donuts as well, but alas, the people I was with weren't as adventurous as I am, so the Fat Elvis was the only one of the "gourmet" ones that ended up in our box. The "normal" donuts if you will were all of good quality as well, but seeing that this is a place that prides itself on being experimental and unconventional with it's donuts, going to Pinkbox for a plain ol' glazed donut or maple bar just kinda defeats the point of coming here in the first place I feel. Anyways, the Final Verdict:Pros:Experimental take on a traditional treat.The Fat ElvisStill offers "normal" donuts for boring people, lolCons:Some of the donuts looked like an instant heart attackAlso a tad pricey, but it's still worth itReturn Factor: 9/10. Would be a 10/10 if I still lived in the area.
1	This location is worthless. I showed up at noon and they were closed. According to the employee they make one batch if they sell the batch at nine then they close at nine. I will never go to another Pinkbox again. Worthless.
5	These donuts were delicious, Courtney was a sweetheart and we'll definitely be going back!
