4	Don't we love to trick ourselves that since it's yogurt, it's good for us?  And once it's low fat or fat free - well heck, we might as well add on some of that fat free hot fudge.  And since the yogurt and fudge are fat free, sure - I'll take some sprinkles/cookies/fruit on top.  It's a tangled web they weave.  And all too often we fall right in.  TCBY used to be THE Mall treat for the young and fun.  Now it seems to be more frozen custard or those dipping dots. I suppose they each have their fun cool factor.  But there isn't much better than when you hit TCBY on a day when you can get Chocolate and mint or Chocolate and peanut butter swirled together - you just have to get it.  And while I know everyone gives out free samples - theirs are pretty good sized.  Get 3 or 4 of those and you might be able to fill your craving with buying a smaller size.
4	There really aren't enough TCBY's around. Or even just frozen yogurt places. Fro-yo needs to be in again at least in AZ...you can definitely find your fair share in California AHEM L.A. I mean ice cream is good and all but America has a weight problem and this may be why! I don't have much of a sweet tooth so that may be why I prefer frozen yogurt to ice cream. TCBY has some awesome fro-yo flavors including a mint flavor which I tried at this location. Usually I stick to swirl or chocolate. This location is a little hidden but you will find it near the blockbuster. They usually offer a tasty new flavor of the week which is out there and yummy!
4	I stopped in here with a friend on a whim because a) we were in the area and b) it was hot, and a scoop of fro yo sounded like a good idea. I'm not really a huge ice cream or frozen yogurt aficionado but I'm glad we stopped here. The girl who was working alone in the shop was a pleasant little ray of sunshine! They were about to close, and we were probably the last ones to come in, but she was still super friendly and talkative. I have to admit, when I worked in food service I was one of those that would sigh and eye-roll all over the place when people would walk in five minutes before closing time. But that didn't happen here. In fact, she offered up samples of whatever we wanted, even after I made a comment likening the yogurt to play-dough. I prefer fro yo to ice cream because I don't have much of a sweet tooth, and the stuff here is great. I'll be back.
