5	YEAH!!!!  Dunkin Donuts has finally opened in my neighborhood!  It is in the same shopping center as Walmart (not a fan)...Donuts are so yummy!  Do I really need to  write a review? Opened on June 24 (my birthday) it was the priority of the day to go and get an iced coffee and donut!  Jason the owner is super nice.  Go in and get your donut and coffee!!
5	Well I made my trip to this new Dunkin Donuts today and it was very impressive. It used to be a art/frame store but was nicely converted into a new Dunkin Drive-thru location. The store was crowded but the line moved super fast and we were in and out in about 5 minutes. The iced coffee was made to perfection and the Veggie Eggwhite flatbread was just as good. My girlfriend had her iced lattee and tried one of the new bacon and egg wraps for .99 cents. IT was pretty damn good I must say. Enough for her to eat but I would need two to fill me up a little. Met Jason, the owner, and he was super nice and inviting. He even gave us a free coffee card for our next visit! It was much appreciated and we will be back! He said he had been working hard to get this store open and it showed as he looked a little gaunt....I told him to eat a few glazed to put some meat on his bones!!  :)
1	Welcome to Scottsdale DD...So they've popped open a new store by Walmart, and I figured I'd give them a shot.  I can't tell you the last time I went to a DD... I've always been partial to KK.So I go driving up to the drivethrough, place is dead - dude's out sweeping the parking lot.  I pull up  to the drive through to bring in a dozen donuts to the crew here.  I say "I need tog et a dozen donuts"  seems simple, I'm not a quiet person, but she doesn't hear me.  I repeat the request and I am told to pull further forward toward the speaker (I'm looking right at the darned thing, but OK, I'll play).So I repeat and the repsonse is "1 dozen express doughnuts".    Nope, I want to pick 'em, I don't want 3 donuts I like - and 9 that everyone hates.  So I say, no I want to pick 12 donuts, and the response is again "1 dozen epress donuts".  I say NO I want to pick the doughnuts.  The repsonse is that"only epxress dozens are available at the drive through, to pick what you want you need to come inside.Are you really serious?  OK, even if that is the policy (which is a really dumb policy) customer service might say, "well, sir, this is our policy, but as we have no other customers within a 5 mile radius, we'll do it this time, but next time would you please come in?".  Nope, nada.So until KK returns (who I might point out screwed up their raspberry jelly donuts by swtiching the type of jelly - but that is for a different post), I guess I'll buy all of our donuts for sales meets and the like at Fry's or Safeway, or anywhere but DD.  DD;  What exactly are you thinking with this policy?
5	I read this review below the other day about the dozen donuts being ordered through the drive-thru so I figured I would give it a try since I wanted to bring donuts to my office the other day. I waited in line since the store was super busy (inside and out!) and when I got to the speaker I told them I wanted to get one dozen donuts please. They asked if I wanted the express dozen and I said "no I want to pick them out and I know what i want". They said no problem and asked what I wanted!!! HMMMM this goes against everything that the last guy said but I figured I too would play along. I gave them my selection and pulled up to the window. I waited about 10 seconds and they handed me my dozen and the order was super successful! I told the girl that i "heard" they only offered the express dozen through the drive-thru. She responded that they used to but now they offer any selection of dozen donuts. I asked her why they did that in the first place and they said that Dunkin Donuts corporate is so concerned about the "Speed of Service" in the drive-thru that they wanted us to only offer the "express dozen" since it can be pre-packaged right out of the oven and wouldn't slow down the drive-thru line. She than said they had been fighting with DD corporate about this for a few weeks and finally won  the battle. So moral of the story is....DO NOT GIVE UP HOPE MY FRIEND! Fry's donuts or Safeway donuts are old and stale...nothing can compare to a fresh glazed or boston cream from DUNKIN!
5	Stopped in the other day for the amazing 50 cent iced coffee promotion and ran into Brandon Webb from the Dbacks. He was getting some donuts, a breakfast sandwich, and an iced coffee. HE was as nice as can be and we chatted for a few minutes. Its glad to meet some pro athletes who spend time with their fans....
4	I am a huge fan of Dunkin Donut's so I hesitate to share my secret new location with the world. This place has a drive through and being from New York a drive through dunkin donut's is unheard off makes this place a special treat!The service okay. In general its fast food  and fast coffee.. don't go to the drive through expecting perfection. I still love the coffee and it gets my mornings hoping so it's worth the trip.!
4	Always been a fan of Dunkin Donut's and totally stoked that they have one near me to stop at on my way to work, which is totally convenient w/ a drive thru. I really don't eat donuts a lot these days but if I'm ever looking to cure a sweet tooth they always have them fresh. The iced coffee is perfection and if you aren't the coffee fan they have these blended drinks called 'Cool latta's' - I've only had the orange flavored one but sooo good!Enjoy- thank me later
5	Free deserves 5 stars!  For March 2010, a medium hot or iced coffee is FREE at participating Scottsdale Dunkin Donuts.  Yep, FREE.  You don't even have to buy a donut - but really, who wouldn't?!:)
2	I will start off by saying "I love Dunkin Donuts"! Growing up in Massachusetts (the home of DD), I had a DD every 1/2 mile and have been drinking their coffee even before my teens. Excited that they have made their way to Az has made me a very happy person, just not the N. Scottsdale location. I go to DD 20 times a month, every time going to the same location which I regretted every day. I have decided to be done with that location due to the fact that I am tired of them getting my order wrong. Whether it be the drive-thru or ordering inside I have to cringe when I taste my Peach sweetened Iced Tea to make sure they didn't forget the peach or sweetener. From the top of the food chain (the GM) right down to the cashier everyone that works there seems to be absolutely worthless and a waste of wages. I also ordered a Turkey and Swiss flatbread and received a spinach and egg sandwich on a round pita, not what I ordered. I have given them chance after chance to improve but the experience seems to just get worse every single day. They have forced me to go elsewhere...not much choice which is very sad because it is right across the street from my work and extremely convenient but I will now go out of my way to get my iced tea. Even a broken clock is right twice a day, it's too bad they have made so many bad hiring decisions. They are in an area where there is zero tolerance for crappy service and screwing over customers, Starbucks is in the next complex.....America does not run on this Dunkins!
1	About 10 years ago, I spent every fall in New England recruiting for a college in Arizona. At the time, no Dunkin' Donuts were in the Southwest, so I relished the opportunity to visit a DD and get a yummy jelly donut. Sure, the service was always so-so and the coffee was horrible, but man that donut!Now that Phoenix has a DD every few miles, the donuts don't have such the draw. They're still delicious, though, and thankfully the coffee has gotten MUCH better with DD's recent rebranding. I typically visit the location on the SW corner of Bell & Tatum, and while the service has been less than spectacular a couple of times, they are usually busy and right on target.So, today while out running errands, my four-year-old son saw the banner for this new DD. I had a coupon for $1 off a combo, so I thought it would be a nice break. Parking was available, a few people were inside chatting, and we started to make our selections.Granted, it takes us 2-4 minutes to figure out what we'll get (he's four), but no one was even behind the counter. Then, when our choices were set, still no one showed up. No bell, no way to call, nothing. Then, a young man magically appeared. I placed my order, which he apparently didn't hear. When I repeated which combo I wanted, he said they didn't have grilled cheese, only the ham and cheese, and would that be okay? No, of course not; I'm vegetarian. I was ready to leave right then, but I knew my son would be disappointed (and loud about it), so I ordered his juice and donut.Right there on top of the cash register was a sign stating that if you didn't receive your receipt with the purchase, it would be free. I was given my total (in the $3.50) range, handed over a $5 bill, got my change, and waited. No receipt. He ripped it off and placed it in a pile. I got my son situated and then went back up to the counter, pointed out the sign, and the cashier pulled up my receipt and gave me $3.20 back. Although I'm not positive what my total was--since I wasn't given a receipt--I'm pretty sure I was short-changed.I like DD's jelly donuts better than any others, but I would only return to this location if I used the drive-through (since that seemed to be where 99% of the crew's attention was focused). If I'm in the area, Paradise Bakery is just next door--and their service is WAY better.
4	Not a big fan of donuts, but I like this place for the iced coffee! It's a tad less expensive than "Fourbucks," just down the road, and way less hassle. They've added little breakfast sandwiches which are ok in a crunch. Drive through seems to never be crowded, great when in a hurry in the afternoon.
5	Ok, so I love coffee, especially from places like Dunkin Donuts.  I mean, its how coffee should be.  Not over roasted burnt beans, at crazy prices served by people in green aprons.....just really good coffee, along with some donuts and muffins.Apparently, this location just opened, and its exciting to see another DD in the valley.....the coffee is great, pastries are awesome, and its at reasonable prices, with awesome hours and wifi.   This place has a drive thru as well!  Parkings kind of a pain in the butt (small, cramped lot with crappy drivers and loads of people blazing through the lot to get to the drive thru.)When I'm back in the area, I'll be sure to stop back in and hang out here, as its worth the time and effort!
4	I've been to this Dunkin Donuts several times to buy stuff for work. I usually order a breakfast sandwich for myself as well. The people that work the registers are always super friendly.I did have them get my order wrong one time. I ordered 25 muchkins, 1/2 glazed, 1/2 chocolate glazed. They charged me correctly, but gave me 25 of each. Score for me!The only reason I don't give them a 5 is that sometimes it takes a little while to get your sandwich. It seems like this is only a problem when they're super busy (they often have 10 or more car line in the drive-thru). When you go during less busy times, the service is perfectly speedy.
2	Feeling Ripped-Off.I went through the drive-through this morning and ordered the #1 breakfast combo (2 donuts and a regular-size coffee)...supposed to be $3.39 according to the menu board.  I was charged $4.60.  I stewed over it all day...should have turned-around and went back to talk to the manager no matter how busy they were, but I was in a hurry and already late for work.$4.60 is outrageous for two simple donuts and regular coffee, but even the advertised price of $3.39 plus tax seems high.  With regard to the donuts; the Boston Creme didn't have much filling.  The French Crueller was top-notch, as was the coffee but not worth the price paid.  If I need a quick donut fix (not very often at all any more), I'll take my business to the local Circle K or grocery store...figure I can get the same effect with about $3.00 elsewhere.
3	Decent donuts and above average coffee.  They open up earlier in the AM than Wildflower and Paradise Bakery which is a plus.
5	Hokay! When this place first opened, even getting a plain coffee was painful. Today I can say that these people finally have figured out how to successfully run a Dunkin Donuts and handle the morning rush.Even though I only get a large coffee with cream and two splendas (pretty hard to mess up), I sincerely appreciate the girls who run the drive-thru because I haven't had to wait in line for more than 2 minutes on any occasion this week (I drive by at 8:15 ish).Easy access off of the 101 is a plus too but the parking situation because of the drive-thru line is not happening. If you decide to go inside, park  closer to the Urgent Care.
3	When it first opened had a great and friendly staff. Today, was not an example of that. My wife and I ordered two iced drinks and some "large statured" female with blonde hair working the window could NOT have been ruder. I simply asked which coffee was which---they looked exactly the same and she says "The one...in your hand... is a latte" as snotty as you can get. I said "thanks" and she glared at me and after a good 5 seconds of an angry glare says "yeah, have a nice day!". Okkk...Here's the thing, there are plenty of folks who need a job and who can be nice for at least 30 seconds! This DD needs to find one!
4	Drive thru donut shop? Genius! Love the concept, but knocking off 1 star because the variety is a bit limited. I've gone 3 times already and they never have my favorite donut- whats a girl gotta do to get a pink frosting cake donut?
3	Little slow going through the drive-thru, then was able to see teens goofing around inside as I waited for my order.  I can understand a wait for the egg based sandwiches, but donuts & coffee should be in and out fast.
1	Hellooooooo...... :echo... echo...:Myself and three other customers were waiting in line for about ten minutes with no one behind the counter. Not a sign, not a shout from someone in the back. Just a counter and delicious donuts mocking me... Just out of reach. What a frustrating experience. I even left, went next door and came back to see that people were STILL waiting for assistance. I eventually gave up. No donut for me.
4	In my book Dunkin Donuts and Starbucks are on the top tier of the coffee shop pyramid. Because this Dunkin Donuts is a couple hundred feet north of Starbucks in this Wal-Mart power center, this location is the opportune review to compare the strengths and weaknesses of each chain using characteristics of these locations.FOOD   Dunkin Donuts blows Starbucks out of the Phoenix Valley when it comes to food. Whereas I am a fan that goes back to my teen years of Dunkin Donuts toasted bagels with cream cheese, I regard Starbucks bagels as filler food that tastes equivalent to a supermarket bagel. Dunkin Donuts signature donuts are the bomb. Starbucks pastries are filling yet forgettable.COFFEE    Long before Starbucks landed on New York soil in the 90s, Dunkin Donuts coffee was the ultimate cup of Joe. In a way Dunkin Donuts is still the ultimate cup of Joe. In my mind their coffee is slightly better than Starbucks. Especially with their added light blueberry syrup.PRICE   Dunkin Donuts coffee is relatively the same price as Starbucks. Whether I buy a coffee with syrup or ice blended coffee beverage at Dunkin Donuts or Starbucks, the difference in price is relatively zilch.SERVICE   Dunkin Donuts trails behind Starbucks in service. Especially at these locations. At Dunkin Donuts, one man was manning the shop. If there was a rush in business, this would cause customer service issues. On the other hand Starbucks had a crew of employees. The woman who took my order was very charming and friendly. Dunkin Donuts service does have one advantage over Starbucks, which is the employees put in the cream and sugar for you.COFFEE SHOP EXPERIENCE  As far as a place to hang out, Dunkin Donuts trails far behind Starbucks. This is another Dunkin Donuts where the subliminal message is to sip your coffee eat your food and move on. Starbucks on the other hand promotes hanging out with complimentary WiFi and comfortable seating.
5	Yummy yummy donut holes - chocolate and glazed and sprinkled, oh my!  Great service, the woman behind the counter was so nice to my little guys.  They also have breakfast sandwiches that are on the healthier side.  And a drive thru, and coffee.  How can you not love this place? I wish we had one by my house.  I would go every day....ok maybe I don't need one by my house!
2	OK. So in Yelp terms, 2 stars is "Meh. I've experienced better" and yes...I've experienced better.Sure, DD is a chain but it has damn good iced coffee. Not as great as my obsession, Black Cat in Arcadia, but it's not the burnt swill 'Bucks peddles. (Hey, I love me some afternoon wi-fi stealing at Starbucks, but admit it. Their burnt coffee is not that great.)What kills me about this DD location are the dips who work the drive-thru. I don't understand why it's so HARD! Granted, I've never worked in fast food but I really don't think 2 medium iced coffees (the only thing we've ever ordered) should be confusing. TWICE the person working (2 separate girls) asked my boyfriend if by "light cream" he meant a lot of cream or almost no cream? "So...light on the cream. Do you mean you want us to put a lot in there, or not a lot?" I just...Wait. What? HOW do you not know this?Last time we went, they said back "OK 2 iced coffees" then had only one ready. Where did the breakdown in communication happen? I'm sure we'll go back because, like I said, DD coffee is pretty delish. But man. Meh. I've experienced better.
3	I dont like the coffee and the doughnuts are just ok.
4	Drive thru is always quick, lower prices than Starbucks I believe on iced coffees. Correct orders every time, no complaints from me!
4	What can I say? It's cheaper than Starbucks and you can buy delicious donuts for cheap. I came in here for a small coffee and a donut. I'll becoming back for cheap breakfast.Because at Paradise Bakery next door, it cost like $9 for a breakfast sandwich! There goes that arm and a leg.
4	Just like the old country.....Chicago. Delicious iced caramel coffee and everything bagel. They always get it right.
1	I am writing this as my last will and testament as I am pretty sure I just drank poison. Upon the first sip of my non-fat Vanilla Latte, I thought something was off - way off. A subtle hint of coffee was present but something else was lurking as well. Feeling brave, I took another sip. Nope. Definitely poison. (Well, it tasted like hairspray which I'm pretty sure is poison if ingested.)  Too bad I was already back at work and no way was I driving back to DD. (What if I died while on the road?) Instead I dumped the whole thing down the drain. I then informed my co-worker that if I died to take the receipt from my purse and demand a refund to help pay for the funeral. He did not find this funny. I am giving this DD only one star as I did not actually die and the breakfast sandwich I purchased was just "okay". I guess there is a reason why Donuts is in their name - it's the only thing they really do well. I definitely will not be back.
3	"Time to make the Donuts!"  "America runs on Dunkin!"   I just love TV jingles.We have been coming to this Dunkins since it first opened nearly three years ago. The family who owns the franchise works very hard and is customer friendly. The coffee is very good and it doesn't have that burnt taste like SBUX.  On most days, they give the green mermaid a real run for her money and mine. On the downside, the coffee sometimes can be either too strong or too weak.  I'm assuming it has to do with employees pulling the coffee from the urn too early when the Drive-Thru backs up. But otherwise, it's the same great Dunkin experience you would expect in the Midwest or New England.Also, if you sign up for their email blasts, you will receive early notices of sales and discounts.  Recently, they had a special of two one pound bags of any of their coffees for only $12.99. Nice!
3	First time in.  It was large in the seating area, but small behind the counter. Very limited amount of donuts.  I was a little disappointed.  The one on Hayden & Thomas has a much larger selection.
1	I will never understand why it's so difficult to slap some cream cheese on a bagel. But, consistently they screw up my order. I'm not talking about once in a while, I'm talking almost every single time. Every time I ask for a specific bagel toasted very very dark with a specific type of cream cheese and as I sit here writing this I'm staring at a bagel not toasted with plain cream cheese. I really hate plain cream cheese and I can't stand a non-toasted cold bagel. Keep in mind the receipt taped to the bag has the order right. I decided this morning I am done with this location. I'll head over to Big City Bagels, even though I'll have to get out of my car, it'll be worth it. My order will be correct and I won't have to literally throw my money in the garbage can.
5	Cheap and GOOD coffee! It's a nice switch-up from Starbucks for me. Try the K-cups - that way you can bust out some DD-grade from your home-based Keurig.Donuts are boss too. Try the non-PC named "Munchkins" - that way you can pop the whole sucker in your mouth at once! Red Velvet... mmmmm...Plus a drive-thru? I thought it was rather sick that AZ had drive-thru liquor and cig places, but drive-thru for donuts?!? Talk about being a lazy-ass fatty! Okay, I've done it before 1x (shhhh). But in my defense, I was in a hurry AND it was hot outside. ;)
4	Love this place but it's much better when the donuts aren't stale. Great coffees and a drive through. Score!!
4	I work nearby so when I'm in the mood for a bagel and an iced tea, I pull into this Dunkin location, but time after time my order was wrong. Every time, I'd ask myself the same question, "WHHHHYYYY DO YOU KEEP COMING HERE". I've brought my issues to the attention of the manager who was always super friendly and you could tell he didn't stand behind his incompetent workers (my words, not his).So I stopped coming. I've only been here 3 times in the past few months and I'm happy to say, I haven't had one single order wrong. I think 3 times in a row is enough to change my review and admit maybe they got their ducks in a row now. Kudos to you for making some positive changes, maybe I'll stop in for some Iced Tea (and a bagel) a little more often now.
1	thanks for locking up shop an hour early tonight.  closing time is posted as 9:00.  i guess the employees had something better to do?  drove over there, got there at 8, and lights were out with doing some clean up.  waste of my time.
1	This was the worst experience in a drive-through I have ever had. Although the customer care personnel were nice, every single order was messed up and I only had two orders. And I felt like it was extremely overpriced for what I received it. They forgot the tater tots they gave me a sweet tea opposed to green tea and my coffee was awful. How is America supposed to run on Dunkin donuts if they can't even get there the order right? I hate giving bad reviews but really this is just a terrible overrated experience for me, and I will not be returning.
2	How do you get iced coffee wrong? I asked to have to coffee sweetened , and now I taste rock sugar that's not melted in my coffee! :( what a disappointment .
1	I love Dunkin but keep driving until you hit the next franchise. Poor customer service. Then I twisted my foot near the counter with the straws because the floor drain was missing a cover. I asked the employee if he knew the drain was open and his response was- "it's fine." Nice.
1	Worst dunkin donuts location. No customer service at all. The guy taking my order was clearly high and the black woman in the back, notorious for screwing up drinks, once again gave me something completely different than what I ordered.
4	This place makes fantastic coffee - when your order is right. I go here frequently. Unfortunately my order is wrong about 1 out of every 10 times I'm here. My typical order usually just a flavored coffee and nothing terribly complicated. I'm also a bit bummed they started charging if you want a extra syrup in flavored cofee. Oh well. I guess that change is reasonable.For those of you that like sweeter coffees: I HIGHLY recommend the Pumpkin Spice coffee flavoring that is available in the fall time. Its so good!
1	Slowest drive thru in the world. Worst customer service and people who do not care. Go to another
3	I'm not really sure what they're doing whether it's killing the donut animal to make your donuts or picking the beans in South America but this is the slowest drive-thru in history. I just sat in my car for 25 minutes. They're definitely understaffed at this location which leads to a lot of wrong orders and slow service. I need to find another location but the coffee is better than other Dunkins I've been to. I guess I shouldn't be that picky considering my coffee is $2.
1	Picture this.  Monday 5pm.  I finished shopping at Sam's.  Dying for a cup of coffee and a donut.  Drove to the Dunkin Donuts across the way from Sam's.  Gee, nobody at the counter.  Waited for somebody to come out.  Called out, Hello.  No response.  I called out again, "hello, hello,  you have a customer here."  No answer.  Took a look into the back and saw that there was a young lady taking care of the drive-thru.  Yes, they have a drive-thru.  A drive-thru for better service? for better efficiency? to handle more customers?  Hmmmmm.What about the customer who has been in your store for 4 minutes without so much as an answer from ANYONE????  Finally, looking toward the back I see a tall, olive skinned guy open a door.  I say:  Hi, I would like to order."  He says, "I'm busy right now, can you wait? "  (kind of in a gruff manner)   I say:  OK, OK. (I really wanted that coffee).   With that he comes to the front, grabs two donuts and goes to the back without saying ONE word to me.  I wait another 2 minutes alone, in silence, in the front.  Waiting 2 minutes can seem like an eternity especially when for 7 minutes there has been no service.  I decided to leave and get my stuff elsewhere.  It baffles me that in this economy, a store would let a customer walk out without a purchase.  So, no coffee purchase, no donut purchase, no treats for my family from Dunkin Donuts.  This particular Dunkin Donuts is located in a very active shopping area.  That is what is saving it.  I predict that with such bad service, in my case, no service, there will be declining sales or a closing of its doors.  The arrogance of the clerk, ignoring me knowing that I was there after speaking to me, and walking to the counter area without as much as a look in my direction, tells me that he has no interest in making this store a success.   Walmart is steps away and they sell donuts too--50 cents cheaper per donut than Dunkin Donuts.  Wake up Dunkin Donuts management. Wake up future customers.
1	Turned down Starbucks in order to try Dunkin Donuts this morning on my drive to work "Big Mistake" since I had never tried their Ice Coffee I thought I could ask for suggestions obviously, they weren't in the mood to make suggestions.Once I get to the window person #2 was worse not even a courtesy good morning after I said good morning ... Need I say I won't be returning to this extra rude no smile no help Dunkin Donuts...I must say DISAPPOINTED!!!
5	This definitely is a busy location but drive thru has this down! Friendly and quick to have my coffee and cruellers in hand to tame my bedhead and put a smile on my face.
5	Today's experience was great.  If you are looking for a great Christmas flavor I've fallen in love with the sugar cookie latte. Also,  if you have not already done so I highly suggest downloading the dunkin donuts app. You'll have access to coupons there.  Right now they are doing a promo where you get a free coffee on Mondays if the Cardinals win.  Can't beat that!
