4	This is a nice sized and pretty good sporting goods store.  You can find everything from shoes, workout clothes, exercise equipment, dumbbells, tennis rackets, golf clubs, etc.  There is quite a bit of stock in most every section here, so chances are you'll be able to find what you're looking for here.  Their shoe stock is pretty nice, one of the best in town.  They carry all the everyday brands like Nike, New Balance, Saucony, Adidas, etc.  And this is one of the few places I can find in Vegas that actually carries shoes that fit my big freakin' Sideshow Bob-esque foot...trust me when I say finding a pair of size 12 4E shoes is no easy feat (ahh, see what I did there...feet, feat...yeah whatever).  So just the fact that I can find many pairs of decent looking shoes that fit, that's worth a bundle in my book.  And for all you people with normal sized feet, you'll have no problem finding plenty of shoes and styles to appease your foot and style.There are plenty of men's and women's athletic & workout gear to be found here.  Many different brands like Under Armor, Nike, Champion, etc.  They can be a bit pricey I must admit, but sometimes you'll find good deals and sales.  They have a pretty good selection of workout machines, free weights, and kettlebells.  Then a nice variety of punching bags and gloves.  I've purchased an 100lb heavy bag along with the ceiling hanger, a stability bag, and many sets of hand wraps & gloves at great prices here.You'll also find all the equipment you'll need for sports like baseball, tennis, golf, ping pong, disc golf, running, and on down the list.  The store is big and well kept, the employees are helpful, and there's plenty of parking out front.
5	Steven is the man when it comes to shoes. So helpful and knowledgeable and answered all my questions with a smile.
4	I used to believe that you could get everything at Wally World, but that's not the case. Sports Authority carries higher quality products at a reasonable price.  This location is no exception.  I love their sales and have bought quite a few things from them in the past few months.The employees here are really friendly and answer any questions you may have.The store is nicely organized, clean and it is easy to find whatever you're looking for.  I sometimes come here with my friend to loiter for a while after lunch... but then end up buying something!If you're looking for work out equipment, clothes, camping stuff or something for an active sport - give this place a try!
3	I went in here yesterday to look for a replacement GPS unit for the one I lost.  A clerk soon asked me if I needed help (it was that where am I look that tipped him off).  He told me they didn't sell that kind of hiking GPS unit, just ones for golf, and he told me two places he'd recommend I go.The fates conspired to help me find the LOST GPS unit.  It was hiding in plain sight here at home so them not having GPS units like I wanted saved me some money.  If the find had anything to do with them, I'd raise this to a 5 star review.As it is, the store is convenient for me and they had a very nice supply of sporting goods and clothes.  I will be back.
4	I was in Vegas for a weekend golfing with some old friends and I broke my driver's shaft on the driving range....bummer!  Instead of paying for an expensive one at the golf course, I drove to this store to pick up a new one.  It's a good thing I used to live here because I knew exactly where to go.  This store was where I'd shop for all of my golfing needs.Return Factor - 80%
4	Went there last week to check out one of those Teeter Hang Ups (inversion table). The guy at the cash register greeted us and directed us to where they were. I decided to go ahead and buy it. He had one of the other employees bring it up to the front, rang me up, then loaded it into my car for me. He even gave me a few helpful tips for assembling it. I was in and out of there in less than 10 minutes - even shook my hand before I left! It's nice to see people that like their jobs!
5	Had a wrong exercise bike rang up, delivered and assembled at my home. Young kid at the store and my wife at home (who didn't see what I bought). I went back the next weekend and the shift supervisor and store manager went into action. Checked all LV and Henderson stores, their warehouses, offered the floor model at a very generous discount. They finally went to the bike manufacturer and arrange a direct shipment to their store. Rearranged the new delivery, installation and removal of the wrong bike.All this took less than 15 minutes!! Very professional, courteous and helpful. I will continue to shop at this particular store I have been going to for about 10 years.If I wrote this review last week, it would have been in anger and a low rating like some others on here. However, I remember my first job as a teen and probably sucked a whole lot worse than they young man that I made the original purchase with. Though it was wrong, he had more positive attributes than the one negative.
3	Helpful person who knew his running shoe but unfortunately they didn't have my size in the store.  I ordered online from the store for free shipping only to get a notice about 5 days later in my e-mail saying they didn't have that size!High arch, moderate pronation.  Need a lot of cushion in a light shoe... Arrrgghhhh!  My Pearl Izumi's are about pounded flat and no replacement in sight.(I won't give Zappos any more of my money because of their ridiculous hiring practices!)
