5	Good to have a shop in the hood! Great bunch of guys.
4	The most recent addition to the NoDa nieghborhood, Espada Bicycles is a FULL service bicycle shop.Now, this is not the type of joint that you cruise your Huffy into.  These guys do the serious cyclist work.  Road racers, off-road,  hipster cycles, single speeds, are all welcome here.Around back of the Center of the Earth Gallery, Steve who used to be with Black Sheep is the head mechanic and is extremely knowledgeable.Look for them to start having the occassional DJ spinning on gallery crawl nights and they also coordinate with the folks across the street at Dolce Vita Wine Bar to do 2-Wheeled Tuesday that includes a local bicycle bar crawl type of ride.  They usually mount up around 8pm.
5	I'm so confused this is a bike shop that looks like an art gallery, with art, jewelry and cupcakes, oh and I almost forgot bicycles.  I have a feeling these bikes are out of my league. Very nice and now that I read other reveiws, maybe they could service my Townie when it needs a little lovin'. I don't know if the jewelry and the cupcakes  (proper is the cupcake bakery name) are there all the time, but the jewelry was AWESOME and very reasonably priced, now that I think about it, there are pieces that I have my eye on.  And the shop's dog was a sweetheart too. .....and the cupcakes were baby bites, I grabbed a dreamcicle orange flavor, there was also a seasonal spice something and peanut butter and chocolate.  I love bicycles!It's hilarious I am writing a review on a bike shop with no intentions of buying a bike and I loved it. I will stop by every time I am in the neighborhood, there better be cake.
5	I don't know where to start with Espada. To me it's hard to explain how great they are if you've never worked on your own bike. I've been in the ongoing process of working on my bike and though I haven't purchased anything at Espada or had them do any repairs for me I've often found myself in here for some great advice. The repairman is a really friendly guy and I feel awkward calling him a repairman. haha More like a bicycle aficionado and connoisseur. It makes for a great place to converse with him and his friends over just about anything.I live kinda far away and it's a pain to get into the tight downtown areas and find a good place to park but I promise I will get back to him to get my bike fitted with the correct bottom bracket. For now I hope they don't mind me coming buy for some friendly conversation. I don't have a whole lot to say about cost but the guy is really observant and lets you know he's not trying to scam you. If something sells cheap online he still has to make a profit but he doesn't rip you off for typically cheap parts like some of those hoity-toity high end Trek bike-sellers will.
1	Go elsewhere.  They quoted one price then charged another. Added parts before asking!   Never called to let me know my bike was finished!   I had to call 5 times to get anyone to answer.  Maybe u have to have 5 tats and 3 piercings to get good service here!
5	I am 100% confused by the one star rating on here. I'm a newbie bicyclist/triathlete and just trying to learn the ins and outs of bike maintenance. I knew my gears were being wonky and I suspected it was my derailleur but I know just enough to make an educated guess and then turn it over to someone that actually has a real clue. Being a newbie I was a bit worried about being taken advantage of or not being considered a "real" biker with my 2nd hand Trek. I'm so glad I stumbled upon Espada's great reviews on Yelp. I easily found the shop right on North Davidson. Parking is like anywhere else in NoDa - sometimes easy, sometimes a pain in the ass. When you walk in you're in an art gallery/jewelry store/bike shop but no worries, bike shop in the back, easy to see. Steve isn't a huge chatter but he was able to take a look at my bike right away and I wondered around the shop as I waited. I asked some questions all of which he easily answered and his prices are beyond reasonable (I'd called around beforehand). I rode around yesterday and my bike is back in business. I never felt like he thought I asked a dumb question (I'm sure I did) and I certainly didn't feel like he tried to up-sale anythingSo go support this local bike shop and check out the art while you wait.
2	Meh.  No one answered the phone when I called initially.  Brought a bike in for a major tune up (from an Amazon local deal). They did a good job on getting the bike in shape, and they put in cables "for free", but they never called to let me know it was ready & added extra work without letting me know about the additional charge.  When I contacted them to see if it was ready they said to come on in from 11 - 8.  Showed up at 11:30 on a Tuesday & the place was still closed. Nice guys, but customer service needs more attention.
5	This shop is simply the best for repairs. My bike had been in storage for over a year, so it was in desperate need of a tune-up. I checked out Yelp to see where some local bike repair shops were (just moved here recently) and was happy to find one close enough to my house! The bike shop shares space with a jewelry shop which is pretty cool.I dropped my bike off with the nice gentleman who owns the shop and headed on my way. He finished the tune-up in good time and the prices were unbelievably good! I really liked the fact that I was leaving it with a shop that is mechanic owned and not out to get you for every penny you have!One thing, if you call the shop on a Sunday or Monday...they are not going to answer...they are closed. He will return your call when he gets into work on Tuesday. This is a great shop owned by some good people, so be understanding if you call and there is no answer on a day they are closed. I will be taking my bike here for any further repairs that may come up. I actually believe the bike is in better shape now then when I purchased it.
4	I let NO ONE else touch my bike.Been a loyal customer for 2 years.  Good, good guy.
1	Well I started looking for bike shops around Charlotte and I found Espada in Facebook I went to yelp to look at the reviews and most of them were very positive; in the same facebook page I found a special where you can get your bike completely service for around $60, right way I said "man that's a good deal" so I bought the service on line and made my way to shop after work to drop off my bike.When I show up to the shop the guy said "where did you find that special because I'm no longer offering that, but I will go ahead and honor it" now the special is supposed to include many services like the tuning of gears, break adjustments, it even went as far as to clean your frame and wax it. He also ask me if there was anything I had issues with and I told him that my fork was missing some pressure and my gears were off therefore the reason I bought the special.  he said ok comeback in two days.Two passed and I call the shop and I asked him if the bike was ready and to that point I don't think he had even touch my bike, it sounded like he did not even know that my bike was in the shop; He asked that I come and pick it up at a later time the same day.  When I finally show up he said that he had to change some brakes and that was going to cost me extra $40 to be exact, I know for a fact that anywhere if someone is going to  service you car, bike, motorcycle, ect they have to call you to authorized any work before is done.  But I trusted the guy and said fine if my bike needed new cables I'll just pay for them.  Well that was just the start, the next day I wen to hit the trails since my bike was finally tune, guess what I almost injure myself because my brakes were loose and yes my gears were off again.  I had to pull out half way into the trail I was very upset.  I didn't bother calling the guy again to complain I just went ahead and took my bike somewhere else, the guy who service my bike afterwards told me that the only thing the is guy did was change my cables and halfass adjusted my gears for a total of $97. Then I realize hey most of those reviews on yelp are his own buddies.  My advise to you is even if you have to pay a little more go and get your service to a well know bike shop, don't be a victim to these predatory bike mechanics that just because you got a coupon out of their own website they feel entitle to lie to you your face and take you hard earned money.
5	Espada is the real deal. The owner is kind and patient, and cares about the safety of you and your bike. I came in to get my wheels realigned after an accident, and when I picked it up he had fixed about four other odds-and-ends that I had been putting off repairing myself forever, free of charge. The money is just one thing, but more importantly this guy gets it. I had always meant to go into Espada, but I lived closer to another shop, and sometimes Espada seemed intimidating (it's in downtown Noda, etc) so I never did. I'm glad I did and will always go back here
2	I may give this shop another try given the positive reviews.  However, my experience wasn't great.  I took my mountain bike in for a tune up.  I was told when I could pick it up but when I got there it still wasn't ready.  The mechanic said there was a squeak coming from the bottom bracket which was "really annoying".  It was annoying and what was also annoying is that my bottom bracket was silent before I brought my bike in to Espada to be be worked on.  They were unable to fix this problem and I ended up having to take my bike to another shop to have the bottom bracket replaced.  Annoying indeed.
