5	I learned of J & M when their menu was stuck into my front door.  They boast "New York Style" Chinese cuisine, and it is really good.  We have only ever ordered for delivery (rare these days, it seems), and we have not been disappointed once!  My faves: wonton soup, spring rolls, Szechuan Garlic Chicken, and J & M house chicken.  They deliver in East Mesa only, between McDowell Rd, Recker Rd, Elliot Rd, and Meridian Rds, as well they have seating at their establishment.  (FYI $20 minimum order for delivery) The staff is really friendly, and the owner even delivered once!
4	It's a small Chinese Restaurant next to Bashas. I was out with some friends and we found a small restaurant. We ordered Walnut shrimp and egg foo young. The food was pretty good for its price and the staff was friendly. They even gave us free crab puffs. They deliver which is cool because it's a good alternative than Pizza. It's a $20 minimum though.
4	I found this place in Yelp, so I at least started with some optimism ;) I wasn't disappointed. Great portions and plenty of variety. Got egg rolls, mu shu pork, house low mein,  Mongolian beef, rice and 4 fortune cookies, soy sauce, and hotmustard for about $30 plus tip. Plenty of leftovers after stuffing myself ;)  Everything tasted as expected, though the egg rolls and Mongolian beef were better than most... Not crazy great, but really good for take out/delivery. Now if they only made Chinese turkey for Christmas!!
4	I am trying to eat healthy so I do not eat take out much these days. But I happened to be in the mood for some chinese food and did not have things needed to make any. That is where J & M came in to the picture. I remembered that they delivered, so after looking them up on Yelp I called and placed my order. Now let me say that the food has been good both times I have eaten here. The rice seems fresh and the orange chicken I ordered even had real orange zest in it.The egg rolls while not greasy seemed a little cold but nothing a microwave can't fix right?  They even threw in a large glass of ice for my 2 liter of coke lol. Yes I have always had a pretty good experince with them except when it comes to the wait time for the food to be delivered. I kid you not it took almost a full hour just to recive my order. But I will chalk this up to the driver most likely getting lost. Try this place out when you don't feel like cooking and want something besides pizza.Note: Like everyone said before me they do have a $20 minimum order for delivery.
5	Reasonable prices for seriously great food! If you haven't already, you need to try the sizzling rice soup. It's fabulous, filled with vegetables, and fills you up! The service is great AND they deliver in Mesa. My all-time favorite place for Chinese food.
5	Most of the times, I order for delivery and sometimes I go dine-in with my family or friends. They have really friendly service and their prices are pretty cheap for the amount of food they give in each order. Sometimes they even give some free crab puffs or soup in our deliveries! I would recommend trying the Salt and Pepper Shrimp and their Wonton Soup. It is the best. Their appetizers are not greasy at all, in other restaurants, their egg rolls and all covered in oil! In J & M's menu, they have healthy choices and it says you can get the food cooked without oil and I think that's good for all those people on a diet out there.I would recommend this to anyone out their who likes chinese food! If you don't try some anyways, I know it will change your mind. It's not really that expensive, either.
4	Nice little restaurant with friendly owners.  We got lunch combos that come with soup of the day, fried rice, a crab puff, and a spring roll.  The lemon chicken and J&M house chicken were both yummy.  Fresh tasting food with good flavor.  Nothing was greasy so I didn't get that gross full feeling like I have at other places. I like supporting non chain places like this and would definitely eat here again.
5	Good food, nice experience
3	We have ordered delivery from this restaurant many times, and it has always been delicious.  The lemon chicken and lemon shrimp are so good!  The portions are large and the food is always hot when it gets here.  However, the food we got today was not up to the usual quality we have come to expect.  The fried rice was not fried rice at all, but steamed rice mixed with soy sauce.  What's up with that?  Also, there were very few noodles in the pork lo mein.  There was one piece of broccoli in the lemon shrimp, none in the lemon chicken.  It was still good, but not nearly as good as it was in the past.  The crab puffs, however, were delicious, and the spring rolls were really good.  I'm thinking they are cutting corners to save money.  That's a shame....raise the price a bit and keep the quality!
2	Really not great. My family loves Chinese food and they weren't impressed. Beef with broccoli was a little pungent, fish sauce I get, but this wasn't it. Mu shu chicken was downright bitter. Very disappointing. Kung pao was decent, passable. We would have really liked the wonton soup if the winging weren't soggy. The service was very friendly but we will look elsewhere for good Chinese food.
5	I love this place! Haven't had anything yet that I didn't like. Service is always outstanding and the prices are very reasonable. It's my go to for Chinese. In fact when my parents visit it's their request on where to eat lol!
4	I'm new to the area and I was looking for cheap, close, not Panda Express Chinese food.  I was there on Sunday for lunch.  I was able to order off of the lunch menu :o) and for the awesome price I got great tasty food.  The egg drop was better than most places.  (no funky veggies like corn or carrots), spring roll -  nothing special, chop suey mmmmm.  I'm happy to have my new local carry out joint!
4	Great for take out.  We always love it and they are accommodating (adding crispy noodles for the kids soup etc.).  Food is hot and tasty.  Little slow on dine in- in their defense it was busy.  Told them we were in a hurry and it still took quite a while.  That said, I would still highly recommend.  Great food!!
4	Clean, clean, clean! Everything about this place was spotless. The food itself was perfectly adapted to suburban American tastes. Somehow even the Sweet & Sour chicken seemed.. extra clean. ::)
5	Always great service and fresh food, dine in!
5	We travel all over the country and love Chinese restaurants, ands this small, friendly restaurant is a real gem. The selection is impressive, portions are huge, and everything was delicious. Everything is fresh and cooked to order. The House Fried Rice and the Shrimp Pan Fried Noodles are highly recommended.
2	Maybe the food is good, I have no idea. I was just very turned off by the interaction I had on the phone. I just moved to the area and was looking on yelp for some good Chinese delivery, and searched by proximity to my house. The person taking my order first told me she didn't know where my address was so I tried explaining it to her, she said that maybe it was too far away and they don't go more than 10 miles. I then told her that the map said it was only 8 miles and she proceeded to tell me that was too far. Perhaps she was busy, but she was short and basically hung up on me after that. I might expext that on a Friday or Saturday but it's Wednesday. Maybe I'll try again, but it may be a while before the terrible interaction is gone from my memory.
5	This restaurant is fantastic!!! The food is always great and our go-to place for Chinese!! We order so much that the delivery guy already knows, how to get to my house and my dog by name! We have zero complaints about this place. They deliver all the way to my house on Sig Butte/Southern. Just great service all the time. Owner did deliver once when they confused the plates, but no worries, they fixed it instantly. A must try in East Mesa!!!BTW: I just called right now to place an order and the guy recognized my voice/address and knew what we wanted!!
1	Ordered take out. I was told I could pick it up in 15 minutes. It's now been 45 minutes and I'm still waiting. Understaffed.
5	Love this place!!!!
2	I can't say I found the food to be anything other than "very" Americanized Chinese food. On the positive side, the staff are nice and the prices are extremely cheep.
4	I'm not going to sit here and tell you that this is the best place for Chinese food. I will however say that for what it is it's pretty good. They are very clean inside and super attentive to their customers. The food quality is good and if you've ever ordered to your home you know that they get stuff right and it doesn't take long for your food to get to you. I enjoy this place and it is good for this side of town.
4	My family likes the restaurant for convenient, fast, and pretty good Chinese food. The waitress is always friendly, and our food comes out quite quickly. I really like the chow fung, but that's simply because I always love those thick, rice noodles.The style is definitely Americanized Chinese food, but the food quality is always good. I've never had anything bad. The vegetables are always clean and the meats are cooked nice and tender. The restaurant is clean every time we visit, and take out is fast too. J&M can be relied on for fast and decent Chinese food.
2	This place is "alright" in my book. The basic fried rice, sweet and sour chicken and the teriyaki chicken was all way too salty. It seems like they over do it with the sauces to make up for the actual flavor if the food. Not impressed. We won't be coming back.
1	Gross! We found some weird pellet thing on the Kung pao chicken! It resembled mice or rat poop, totally turned us off and we never will go back again!
5	Friendly service. Food was great, and they delivered quick. Great place.
3	I ordered in and everyone was so nice. The lady in the phone was nice, the delivery guy was nice, if I was rating them on niceness they'd get a 4 or 5. The food was not so nice. The crab puffs were sweet and kind of odd tasting to me.  The chicken lo mein was bland and boring. I just can't imagine that I'll be ordering from them again.
1	I chose not to write a review on our first attempt at this place because anyone can have an off night. However our second time was too much like the first,When you first walk in it smells like frying rotten eggs or sewer gas. the menus were sticky and nasty. If you ask any questions prepare for the deer in headlight look.99% of the time won ton soup does not have seafood in it. We missed that on the menu and when we told the lady we missed it but my wife can't have that direct of a contact with seafood the response was "you want me to pull it out ?" We said no thanks we would try another soup, Response "Fine, no soup".Before the lady came back to reclaim the friend wontons our 8 year old had grabbed one to munch on and spit it out saying how awful it was, I took a nibble of it and it was STALE.The BBQ Rib started was so microwaved hot you couldn't hold it. By the time you could it was rock hard and dried out.The sesame chicken was just below Panda express quality but edible.The Sweet and sour pork was about the same.The Honey chicken was completely disgusting. The only this you could taste was soy sauce and fish sauce to the point of over bitter. The wife never tried it because I could smell the level of fish sauce. Just for kick I took a few pieces of it home with the sweet and sour for the dogs. They liked the sweet and sour but refused the honey chicken.So my advice, go to panda or someother place like that in the mall.Oh and that smell when we walked in, it got bad everytime the lady walked over to us. Maybe a bath is needed.
1	We've eaten here several times because as the other poster said there can be off nights. At first it was ok...not good but really the only thing close by. It declined in that we got sick after eating this...twice. We will NEVER ear here again and will drive somewhere else.
5	Hands down best chinese food delivery I've had in the valley. Everything is awesome and delivery is fast. Crab puffs are the bomb!
4	Ordered delivery,  food was hot and fresh with fast delivery.   Very good shrimp cashew.
5	Looking for some awesome Chinese delivery? Try these guys!!!! Positives: their food is really good, awesome folks, quality is always consistent, and I dont remember a single time I've ever been dissapointed! Negatives: might have to do more cardio the next day
4	Love this place. Right on my corner. Prices could be a little cheaper but overall I recommend.
5	Has been our go to place for years. Family owned and operated, great quality and food price. Lynn is a Co/ Owner and runs the front of the house, very friendly and will go out of her way to serve you. My wife loves the green bean and chicken off menu special and to our amazement Lynn has gone next door to Bashas on several occasions to buy green beans just for my wife when they are out. They have a great carry out and delivery menu and can get very busy on Friday and Saturday evenings. Never disappointed in the service or the food, just love this place!!!!
1	I ate at this location a couple days ago, and I was very disappointed. The chicken was very chewy, and their egg rolls looked grey inside and tasted like someone poured a container of cinnamon in them. The lo mein was all right, but the more I ate the more grossed out I was. The egg drop soup had no taste at all. This was the second time I have tried this location, and both times I ended up throwing half of my order away. The staff is very friendly, but the food is less than appetizing.
1	Worst General Tso's Chicken EVER!!!  Mushy chicken, awful sauce!!  Had the worst stomache ache followed by explosive (you know what) 1 hour after eating it!!
4	I ordered the Orange Chicken and Mongolian Beef TO-GO one night to have dinner with my boyfriend. It was quite good.I've been to some Chinese Restaurants where their Orange Chicken is either not crispy enough or drenched with sauce. However, their orange chicken had just the right amount of sauce and though it wasn't crispy, the chicken tastes really good. The price was not bad either. I believe they were each like $8 or $9 because my total bill was about $18-$19. I believe a lot of people order take-out because I got there, there were two people in front of me and one behind me having take-out. The restaurant looks pretty cute and clean. It is small but it feel homey. There was a couple that came in after me that dined in so it wasn't too, too dead (haha). Overall, I really liked it and will order again. Perhaps take-out again :D
