4	This is a great branch. I head out here often because they carry this special brand of milk that doesn't upset cats' stomachs, and my kitty really loves it. I also like to browse the cats that are up for adoption, even though I'm totally booked in terms of animals right now...it doesn't hurt to look, does it?I try to bring my dog sometimes, since they're pet friendly, but she gets a little freaked by the other dogs. If your dog isn't awesome with others, it's probably best to leave him or her at home, as the place is often packed with puppies. It's a good time. The prices are a little higher than some other pet stores, but it's worth it to be able to find everything you need.
3	I always find this petsmart a little dirty for some reason? They are always stocked well, but Petsmart in General is a little high in price knowing their customers are willing to pay more at a dedicated pet store. If you have special needs or need grooming ( well your pet that is) then they should have what you need. Love to go on weekends when they have pets for adoption but hate to leave them behind.
2	Ok, so I went out to Petsmart for their dog food selection since I was looking for a new brand/type of food for my dog.  She's a 5 y/o shepherd mix, weighs 50 lbs on a heavy day, and has the build of a hound.  She runs with us between 15-20 miles a week, and we have to work to keep weight on her, because she'll otherwise get quite skinny.  In addition, she's having some problems with her coat, so I thought I'd try switching her to a lamb/rice formulaA nice young man offered to help me, and he recommended Natural Choice brand (which I was already considering).  I gave him the description of my dog listed above, and he suggested I put her on a senior, weight-control type of food.  I repeated my description of my dog (she's very active, only 5 y/o, and we have a hard time keeping weight on her), and he still insisted that a senior, weight-control food would be the best choice.I thanked him politely for recommending Natural Choice and told him there was no way I was putting my dog on that particular diet.  His second recommendation was the large breed lamb and rice diet, and this is what I bought.I just couldn't figure out why he would initially recommend such a bizarre diet for my dog.  I've never been a huge fan of Petsmart to begin with, and this just adds to my dislike.
1	Crappiest PetSmart ever! The grooming department returned my (extremely short haired Boxer) smelling about as bad as I left him. Awful customer service, dirty, & shelves are rarely stocked correctly. You're better off going somewhere else if you can. It's so bad locally that I've looked into ordering the food online and having it delivered to my door.
3	What's not to love about furry, feathered or finned creatures? I have cats and dogs (they live with their mom at the moment) so I haven't been able to do nearly as much treat-buying and toy-purchasing as I would like. Instead, I live my life through the squirrels I see foraging in the wooded area behind my apartment. Petsmart is great for the bird seed that squirrels love to "steal". It's hard to steal when I'm tossing the stuff off my deck so these cute little ones can gather it.Whoa. Back to the review. This Petsmart is nearly organized and divided by cats, dogs, etc. Everything is very easy to find, the prices are marked clearly and the staff is helpful.A-OK!
5	Seriously, I did not expect a 5-star experience from this big box store. First of all, like many chains it is huge and a tad overwhelming. This is from someone who has not stepped into a pet store in over a decade. From smells, to pets, to aquariums your senses will be on high alert. Once I got acquainted with the store, I quickly found everything on my list. The prices were very fair and they even offer a discount card as you leave (register your dog's birthday and you'll get something and plenty of coupons). The employees are most helpful. One in particular, Rachel, took time with us explaining the various training sessions they offer. For $109 you get 6 weeks of training.Bonus, the food section is stocked with natural and organic options (and they have all kinds and fully stocked). Yes, it is important that my dog eat healthy food and I am willing to shell out a bit more for it...a healthy dog is a long-living and happy dog, right?Not far from my house, this will probably be my last minute doggy needs go-to place because I am confident they'll have what I need and plenty of it. While it's not a local store, it is very convenient and they employees are really knowledgeable and friendly.
4	I joined my daughter on her trip to PetSmart just to check out their fish department.  Lucky for me, the guy that worked that department knew his fish!  I've been to a local store specializing in fish and tanks, and twice was disappointed with the experience, knowledge, prices, customer service and return policy.  PetSmart has the fish marked for compatibility, and a great return policy.  I ended up buying 2 Bleeding Heart Tetras and 2 Dalmatian Mollys and they are all getting along "swimmmingly."  Once in the tank, though, the tiger barb we had started nipping at their tales, so I scooped him up and took him to just drop off at the store.  They were surprised, but we're all content now.  I would go back there for all my fish and supplies. I gave 4 out of 5, though, because a lot of their decorative tank selections were extremely high priced.
4	I generally like this store.  There have been a few visits where the people weren't the most helpful, or I couldn't find what I needed.  But usually it's a pleasant experience.  I have an 8 month Old English Sheepdog named Thor, he's a bit of a wild man, and deaf.  I signed him up for the puppy class and our instructor, Christine, was awesome.  She is so patient, sweet, and has a sense of humor that should be required to work with puppies.  She really seemed to listen to my concerns, and trouble areas, and to encourage where my pup was doing well.  The puppy class that we took was 6 weeks, once every Sunday afternoon.  And they even had a little graduation ceremony when we were all done!  *insert proud dog mama and pictures here*  Store and puppy classes receive 4 stars, because I am a fan.  However... The only issue that I've had with this Petsmart is the grooming department.  I bought one of those Puppy Starter Kits for $20.  It has all sorts of coupons for free dog food, $ off bowls, collars, harnesses, etc.  And a free puppy bath!  Thor has a LOT of hair.  I scheduled an appointment for his first puppy bath and when we arrived I explained to the girl that he is deaf and may take some extra time to adjust to each stage. I also asked if she could just trim the hair around his eyes, and I would be willing to pay extra.  She then explained to me that she only washes the dogs and is not trained to even hold a pair of grooming scissors.  It made me a little uneasy that this young woman washing my dog was not any kind of groomer, but I wished Thor luck and asked her to call me with any trouble because this was his first time away from me (scared new puppy mama).  I got a call about 2 hours later to say that Thor was finished.  She said that he had been very scared the whole time and didn't seem comfortable, but he was clean now and ready to be picked up.  I immediately went to the store to pick him up.  When I walked into the grooming salon I saw the girl that bathed him and she went to the back to get him.  15 mins later, Thor came bolting through the back door anxious to go home.  She told me that she had trouble getting his bandana on.  Maybe he's spoiled, maybe I worry to much, but the whole experience made me uncomfortable and Thor will not be back for a Petsmart bath.  There is one lady in the salon that I've spoken to a few times.  Super friendly, patient, and really seems to go with what is best for the dog.  And she always greets Thor by name when she sees him in the store.  Unfortunately I can't remember her name...
1	Oye - CAH-RIST - Worst grooming department customer service EVER.I wish I could do a separate grooming review from the day staff, who are usually quite nice - one woman in particular who has worked there for years has always been a delight.  I have typically run over to this PetSmart during my lunch break, as it is close to my office.  I have literally spent THOUSANDS of dollars here on cat food/treats/litter/toys/other feline related crap, but never again after the shit goon I had to deal with in their grooming department.  And I would love to call him out specifically, but since he never bothered to get up off of his ass and chose to yell at me from around a corner, I can't even do that.New kitteh is 2 years old and still has her claws.  And when I say claws, I mean razor sharp talons that were seemingly made for shredding curtains and skin.  I took her here on 12/23, first thing in the morning, and quickly got her checked in and I thought had her nails trimmed.  Less than 2 weeks later, they were back to talons again - what the frack?  Anywho, I raced home one evening after work, tossed her yowling butt in her carrier and raced over to PetSmart, getting there around 5:30 (the website and the person that I talked to said grooming was staffed until 9:00 - staffed and working are 2 different beasts, apparently).I opened the door to the grooming parlor and as if either Jeebus or Oz was talking at me, I heard a disembodied voice.Voice:  Can I help you?Me:  Hi, I need to get my cats nails trimmed, please.Voice: Ummmm, our cat groomers are gone for the day, you'll have to come back tomorrow.Me:  I just need her nails to be trimmed:Voice: Ummmm, our cat groomers are gone for the day, you'll have to come back tomorrow.Me:  I won't be back tomorrow.Voice:  Okay.  Whatever.Seriously?  You can't be bothered to walk 5 feet and turn a corner, but I am going to leave my beloved fur baby with you?  No ma'am!  I was annoyed that there was no one there to do her nails, contrary to what the website and the person that answered the phone had led me to believe, but the poor customer service is what did it (though, reading these reviews, I see that their grooming department isn't necessarily stellar).I went to Pet Supplies Plus on Hwy 51 at Carmel Commons - ALL FOUR PEOPLE working when I took her in could trim claws, and they charged me $7 less and did a fabulous job (I love a person who can hold them and trim their nails instead of noosing them up on the table).  It's easier to get to from where I live, plus I can stop at McD's for a milkshake (to bring the boys to my yard).Day floor staff/cashiers get a 4, night staff cashiers get a 2.5, whomever was staffing the grooming salon that night gets a punch in the junk.  FAIL!
4	Pretty much your standard pet store. Two things I do like is that there's on-site grooming services available and they had plenty of stock of the Blue Mountain dog food I use. I usually went to Petco in CT and they were always out.
1	Bad experience with grooming and overall attitude they have towards recommending good products for pets.Our puppy has had diarrhea, has been peeing while sitting down, has a cut on one of his legs and acting really strange ever since we got him back from petsmart after grooming. I will NEVER trust them with my pet again.
