3	Among the many nuances of American culture that I have yet to grasp is the fucking obsession with crab puffs.With the way people chomp at the bit for cream cheese and imitation crab you'd think it cured herpes (oh, btw, if you're reading this, I tested negative, so yay!).Like pringles and ritalin on a day "you really need to concentrate", people can't seem to pop just one. What initially appears to be [insert Chinese eatery]'s attempt at offering you a robust and well-rounded combo becomes a cruel and vicious taunt. Yeah, looks like you're getting a bag of those to go, champ. So much for your "Ethnic food is healthier than McDonald's" approach to dieting.Some people are willing to endure some pretty tedious inconveniences in the name of these morsels. Clarice W and I once waited for 25-30 minutes after our meal was finished for an order of puffs at Hope Kee, our brilliant plan to eat lunch at a supermarket and spare ourselves the lunch crowd thwarted by hordes of crab-craving take-out customers.Last week, my boss suggested we order lunch from Chung Ming, because, according to the coupon, if your order was over 15 dollars you got a free order of crab puffs.Three people ordering lunch barely put us at the 12 dollar mark.Let's get soup. No, fried wontons. No, bbq pork ribs.I got it. Let's get an order of crab puffs, so we'll get TWO orders of crab puffs.Yo dawg. I heard you like crab puffs so we put crab puffs in your bag of crab puffs so you can eat crab puffs while you eat crab puffs. The real zinger in this story is that the crab puffs at CM kinda suck.They aren't bad, but compared to the sweet tangy-ness of their orange/lemon chicken or the robust spice of their kung pao or their eggrolls that would make Chipotle blush, a gloop of cheese and crab doesn't really cut the wasabi.Still, it's a staple of Americanized Chinese cuisine and is helpful in getting your order to the right total cost so you don't have to pay a "delivery fee". So, come because the crab puffs lured you in, but for the love of Eris find a different reason to stay. Your nutritionist (i.e. bf/gf who took a nutrition class in college) will thank you.
4	This place is DE-LISH. I love Chinese food, but have a hard time finding a place where the food is good. It's a small, strip mall place. I've had the lemon chicken combination meal and it was fantastic. Perfectly crisp chicken with a light, tangy lemon sauce. The egg rolls are the biggest I've ever seen and are yummy. Their lo mein was good too. Only draw back is I won't eat in, it's next to a nail salon and smells like one. This is a great take out place though.
3	We ordered this as delivery on a Saturday afternoon. Delivery time seemed decent. Our order got mixed up and our Lo Mein with Shrimp Combination Dinner ended up a House Lo Mein without the egg roll, fried shrimp and order of fried rice that comes with the combo. They did come back later with one shrimp and one egg roll, but the fried rice never made it. Here's the rundown of the food we ordered:"Po Po" Platter: The ribs were red, sticky and tasted lightly of candy, and they didn't have much meat on them. The meat stick was like jerky, but not too sweet. The fried shrimp was a mouthful of batter with a shrimp sliver and you only get two.  The egg rolls were in no way large and more like crisp spring rolls, but the flavor was decent. The crab puffs were nothing special, just wads of cream cheese in a fried wonton.  House Lo Mein was fine, kinda bland with not much for vegetables but big pieces of meat.   Mu Shu Pork was juicy with lots of veg but no mushrooms. The pork was tender. The "crepes" seemed to be flour tortillas. Can't say about the traditional egg part as we ordered without due to allergy. Overall this was the best dish of the meal, but still nothing impressive.The meal came a free order of crab puffs, so there's that.Total cost with tip: 32.40We're probably not going here again. There are simply better and more affordable places.I was going to give this place a 3 but the description of 3 is "A-ok" and this was more "Meh, I've experienced better."
4	They usually say 45 minutes for delivery but they are at my door in about 20 minutes. Excellent curry and the ribs are amazing!
1	I put in an order for delivery at this place (I'd never eaten there before). I ordered sesame chicken and orange chicken. On the phone they said the wait would be about 45 minutes. An hour and a half later, it finally arrived. I opened the boxes and the food looked alright. I took my first bite to find it was very tough, almost like an overdone steak. The chicken was very dark brown, like they're using the chicken scraps that no other restaurant wants. I thought maybe that was just a bad bite, but as I ate a couple more bites, it just kept getting tougher. I then called them, telling them about my dissatisfaction. The host tells me "let me find the receipt. I'll call you back. I'm busy right now" which kind of agitated me. However, I let it slide. I got no callback. When I called back the next day, as soon as I explained the situation they HUNG UP ON ME. Not only was the food terrible, but the customer service was even worse! Needless to say, I will NEVER order from here again.
3	Came here for a carry out order.  Food was nothing special.  Not horrible, but not memorable either.  The lady behind the counter, although not unpleasant, was not very welcoming either.  Think I'll stick to my faves, Big Heng and Golden Rice Express.  A bit farther away, but better than here, I think.
1	I walked over from gym in want of healthy chicken and rice and upon entering i was the only customer. The two employees were sitting down on their phones while there was trash on the table and customers wanting food! Upon getting my food for what I thought was gonna be a standard teriyaki chicken bowl , was a al le cart huge bin of chicken , then a huge been of rice . I thought wow im gonna have some left over. I began to eat and the chicken was full of gristle so long story short threw it away .. Not impressed
1	We ordered from this place last not and I am not happy at all. First off the lady on the phone was not pleasant, she seemed annoyed to take my order. She said it'd take 45 minutes to get my food delivered and it took an hour and a half. The food they did deliver however was not what I ordered. And it took another 20 minutes for MY food to get to my house. And two guys showed up this time in two seperate vehicles which I though was strange. I don't have a problem with that I just thought it was abnormal. They then had the nerve to ask for the other order back and then I thought that is super weird and not sanitary at all!! THEN the two guys proceeded to unpack that food and repackage it in new containers and bags I'm guessing in hopes to deliver it to the right person! EEEWWW!! They put their customers health at risk just to save food and money. NO THANK YOU! Then they left their TRASH on my wall outside my house (the empty styrofoam containers and the ripped plastic bag) because they apparently don't know how to throw anything away! When I sat down to eat my food it was ice cold and it was not very good. Needless to say I WILL NOT be ordering ANYTHING from them EVER again! I don't know what sort of place thinks they can get away with something as disgusting as that! But I hope they read this and change their ways because they're gonna make their customers very sick if they keep operating this way.
