5	Huge selection of great tasting food, have tried pretty much every except the shrimp tacos and it is all great. All food is made fast and fresh by friendly people. If you haven't tried it and would like something better than Taco Bell then it is a must.
4	A few months ago I would've given Baja Fresh five stars. No joke. I don't know if it's me getting older and more frail, but for some reason my body can't handle it as well as it used to be able to and I go into a food coma for a good 45 minutes to an hour after eating it nowadays. If that doesn't slow you down, it actually has some of the more authentic tasting mexican food around. Cilantro dominates the smell of the entire restaurant, and they even have a wide selection of salsas of different varieties for all to sample. I am a fan of the burritos, but, then again, that's almost unfair. I'm a fan of just about every burrito I've ever had. The chicken quesadillas are good but are heavy on the grease. Unless you have a stomach of steel (like I used to) go with the tacos or a burrito.
4	I'm only writing this review as a favor for budget eaters looking for a somewhat healthy solution.  I think this place has one of the best deals for two things:  the fish taco (about $2), and the veggie burrito (about $4).   This is my place when I'm rushed, starving, and don't want to give in to garbage.  The real bonus is the tremendous amount of pico de gallo, jalps, and salsa you can load up on for free.
4	Baja Fresh is one of those places that is neither memorable nor forgettable--it just is what it is. Situated in the courtyard of the office tower in which I work, BF is a convenient lunch option when I've forgotten my lunch in the fridge at home. I enjoy the freshness of their food and that it's made to order, and that the workers seem to be constantly cleaning. The salsa bar is always well-stocked and offers a good selection. Today I ordered the Nacho Burrito, enchilada style, and found it quite tasty. It won't knock your socks off, but it's a fairly-priced meal downtown that remains consistent. If you go, stop by my office and we'll dine together.
5	For a chain...Baja Fresh makes some really good Mexican food. Always fresh and delicious. My favorite is the Baja Burrito with grilled chicken. The side salad is a great deal...try the Salsa Verde dressing!  Enjoy!!!
5	Excellent fish tacos (including a mahi-mahi variety if you're into that).  I really like the salsa bar, not too overwhelming, just the right amount of condiments to choose from.  This place was a godsend when looking for a quick bite in downtown Phoenix.  Every other place I walked by looked really beat.
4	I had not been here in a while, as I usually bring my lunch to work with me.  As my tummy told me that lunch time was near,  I looked up to see the free cup and $2 off coupon a Baja Fresh worker had handed me several weeks ago.  [My frugality funds my splurges.]  That was all I needed to inspire me to get my lunch here.  I was kicking myself for heading out right at noon, usually a downtown eatery nightmare, but they handled the load well.  Getting folks through the lines quickly, yet awkwardly as I had to weave my way through a couple of doors, the salsa bar and a maze set up to maximize the people in line. I ordered the Baja Burrito-Bare Style with Carnitas.  Bare style essentially means it is served like a salad.  I was impressed.  The Romain lettuce was fresh and crisp, the carnitas savory  and the salsas were fresh and quality.  I will likely go back, as I did take the survey online and got another $2 off coupon, but even if I didn't have a coupon I would go back and recommend to friends.
4	Baja is another staple in my lunch rotation. One of my favorite things about Baja is that I can be either really, really good with a healthy food selection, or I can be really, really bad. Either way, the ingredients are fresh and the food is good. The staff is friendly and the place is clean. I am a HUGE fan of salads, ever since Friday was salad bar day in elementary school, I have loved a good salad! However, with my salad I like good quality lettuce, with a nice color. Don't give me almost-white iceberg lettuce, no big yellow piece from the bottom, and no transparent pieces that indicate the lettuce was once frozen. Give me a good spring mix, some arugula or watercress, maybe some butter lettuce or romaine with a good green color. Baja's salads have good, green romaine lettuce which is of top priority when making or selecting a salad. Sometimes instead of the Baja Ensalada with Chicken, I ask for Grilled Shrimp! Other favorites include the grilled shrimp or veggie tacos (not on the menu, but they'll make 'em). The tortilla soup is good. Veggie Burrito or Nachos for when I'm feeling bad. And don't forget a good iced tea, my favorite (work-approved) lunchtime beverage of choice! As with anywhere around this area, lunch time is crazy! Get here before 11:45 or call in your order!
3	The ever climbing prices and dissapearing grillied onions have casued me to not visit here as much.Luckily the light rail constrtion is a thing of the past and one can esialy approce this location.The line to order inside can be a bit akward as there is not much room for it.On my last trip I went with the grilled veggie burrito as the cheaper bean and cheese burrito now only exists in my memories. It comes with a few chips.I do enjoy the salsa bar that has sweet and savory salsas cilantro and little peppers.The food is decent but for a $7 lunch there are cheaper better Mexican options out there.
4	Up through the end of '08 when I moved over here, I used to enjoy Baja Fresh in Burbank, CA about once a month.  It was past time to check in with them again, so I went to this Baja near my house, & ordered a Carnitas (pork) Burrito Ultimo ($6.69), Enchilado Style (+ $1.49).  My friendly cashier gave me chips to munch on while they fixed my burrito, & I enjoyed them with a couple of their great salsas!Pretty soon, girl brought my burrito right to the table, with a generous side of Nachos, plus Pico de Gallo & a dollop of sour cream to put on the burrito.  Yum!This is a nice big lunch for a reasonable price!    :-))
4	Went in here around 12:45 today and the place was packed but the service was still good. I waited in line for less than five minutes, ordered, and waited less than ten minutes to receive my food. They handle the lunch rush with ease. In my opinion, the food in general is overpriced but that's the same at any location. It is literally right off the lightrail, which is super nice. I usually go to Subway by campus but stopping here might become a regular thing for me now.
3	Where did my burros go? Gone is the grilled fish burrito as is the bean burrito, leaving me with nothing but a grilled veggie burrito option. One of the nice things is the  chips given after ordering, giving one something to snack  on before your food is ready.Also new is a "Seasonal Salsa"  This month it was cranberry salsa, it was different and not bad.It can get a bit busy here but they seem to have a good handle on the rush. My one issue is you can not see the menu board from where the line is. This must slow down some people as it slowed me down.If you love salsa and work near by or have a 2 for 1 coupon like we did give it a whirl. If a shaking floor bothers you get a to go order, I was surprised how much our seats shook as the train passed by.** quick update all of that great salsa was only on loan. 4 hrs late it was all gone tanks to some food Bourne illness.***
4	right off the light rail prior to a basketball game i popped in here to get some quick grub.  it was quick, it was super excellent, and the staff were very kind to let me eat in as it was cold outside and they were 5 minutes from closing.  thumbs up for me
3	This place is packed during the lunch hour. They have stanchions up to control the lines. The food is standard Baja Fresh, good but not amazing. There is seating outside that is perfect when the weather is right. PS. The bathroom needs to be cleaned and updated...
4	Very prompt and friendly service.  I got there at 11:30 ish.  I ordered the chicken tortilla soup.  It was pretty good.  And a side of rice and black beans.  Also very good.  The black beans seemed spicier than I was expecting and the rice had a nice flavor and was moist.  Also, I love the salsa bar.  So many delicious choices.  I will have to visit more often.
3	The food is good and fast.  This is a very busy lunch spot downtown.  However they always run out of salsa and that should never happen at a place like this.
1	I am only giving -THIS- location a 1 star because of their horrible early hours!! They close like at 7 pm during the week, & they already closed at 3 pm on Sunday! ...I was pissed! The new Chipotle a block away at City scape is open til 10 pm daily! ...So there! What is it with everything closing sooo damn early in Phoenix! This is such an early city! Some eating places even close at 2:30 pm, like The Good Egg & First Watch... They wouldn't DARE close that early in LA because they would lose a lot of profit!  (...I am from LA).
4	Baja Fresh was a new discovery when I arrived here.  With an office downtown, you like to walk around and find new grub joints. This one became a favorite - a short walk from the office and tasty too. My fave item is the Baja Buritto with steak, no onions and add sour cream. Your order is made fresh, so you'll have to wait a bit for it, but it's worth it. They have a dining area which can get crowded during weekday lunch rush. They also have a salsa bar, so take some and enjoy! Hint: Frequent visitors can save money on beverages by buying the large, reusable plastic cup with straw and lid...every visit after that it's only 99 cents!  This holds a LOT of drink!
1	AVOID AT ALL COSTS.Baja Fresh is a poor man's chipotle, but that's an insult to poor men everywhere.First off, I think everyone in Phoenix is missing the gene where they actually listen to directions.  When you order something, you shouldn't get ANOTHER.  Totally got that, it ruined the start of my vacation and it made me sick the entire time I was in Phoenix.  Ironically, I never stepped into a Baja before, but I learned my lesson to eat dirt rather than eat here.I ordered a burrito bowl (I think it's called "bare" burrito), and I asked for whatever the hell it was, and you have to special order steak or chicken.  I said neither but Iwanted guac.  No problem they told me.  I hate chicken and I got it anyway.  I didn't know until I got back to my conference.  Note to self: they fuck you in the drive-thru.Anyway, it wasn't even that GOOD.  And it made me sick.  Did I mention that?  I don't totally blame Baja though.  Chipotle did its part in pissing me off for the whole trip.  Baja unfortunately just fell out of my butt hours later.
2	This is the second Baja Fresh location I've been to. Like all the others places I visited in downtown Phoenix, it lacked people. The store wasn't busy at all, so I guess that's a good thing? I ordered the garlic lime shrimp tacos on corn tortilla with rice and beans, and I wasn't impressed at all. There was no flavor to any of the food, I had to drench everything in salsa. But I'll never know if other items on the menu are any good...The food wasn't that great, but the workers there were really nice and helpful, and even gave my friends and me coupons---an incentive to return, I suppose.-R
3	It's Baja Fresh, what can i say? It's clean, they're fast and it's a hell of a lot better than McDonald's. I usually call in my lunch order from work and it's almost always ready and waiting when I get there to pick it up.I do have to say that their pico de gallo is great and I could probably live on just that for the rest of my life. I get extra cups of it and eat it all by itself.
1	We like baja Fresh, but this particular location gets 1 Star, due to their crazy unstable hours of being open!  They seem to close whenever they want! If it's not busy, they'll just close! ...esp, on the weekends!, they will close like at 2 PM!!!...I feel this is so stupid, considering that the Light Rail is literally right at their front door & people are getting off it like every 10 mins, so they are just losing money, & with all of the Theatre & Sports Events,...they are totally forgetting all of that, too.   Chipotle is just a few blocks away at Cityscape & they are open til 10 pm,,,,every single night, period!  ...Just go there instead.
5	Good price, super fresh food, very efficient staff (though I could get my food faster) considering there's almost always a few people ahead of you if not 10. I usually have greasy (tasty!) mexican food but these guys know how to give you something good and healthy so definitely recommend trying them out.
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =How sad that we have lost this excellent Mexican restaurant!  I was a big fan.     :-(
