3	Your options are limited at this resort -- you are kind of far from everything so their restaurants are what you've got. So, we went here for breakfast and lunch when we stayed at the hotel. For breakfast we were tempted by the $30 tasting menu.  I wish we would have gotten that or the cinnamon bun french toast. Instead we got the buffet.  We were hungry, it looked pretty decent as far as buffets go, and the price was reasonable ($12 compared to their normal $17).  It was only OK. For lunch, I had the chicken salad. It was a great concept - avocado mousse instead of mayo. It was pretty bland though.  Husband got the chicken sandwich.  That was  very good.
4	My boyfriend and I came in for breakfast after an early horseback riding outing. I ordered the poached eggs in a crisp tortilla shell (their version of Eggs Benedict). I don't know if I can go back to classic Eggs Benedict after that... My only complaint is that the coffee was lukewarm. Otherwise, everything else was perfect.
4	They where in the middle of a construction renovation so the atmosphere was a little off. Food was excellent and staff was very attentive.
4	Ate here during restaurant week and we had the wine pairing with our servings. The appetizer and dessert were delicious and the wines complemented the food perfectly. The filet mignon could have been better and was not cooked to our liking but they took care of that on the bill. All in all a great dining experience in a nice restaurant.
4	What's the Deal? (why the rating)This is the first time we had been there. The place is good but the food was not very unique, the ambiance is not - well anything, and the service was barely average. Why you ask. Let me tell you...Bang for the Buck: 2/5- I believe there are better places in Phx that have more creative dishes, just as high quality food and good service. Decor: 2/5- nothing special. It is a restaurant in a golf resort... it looks and acts like it. Ambiance: 3/5- Small brightly lit room with high ceilings and with a few tables. Not crowded but not private or unique. There were tables outside which would have been great since it was a nice night and it was very quiet out there, but they did not seat anyone there, nor did they offer to.Service: 5/5- very friendly and accommodating. I was not happy that as more people showed up our server, who was providing excellent service, dissapeared for long periods of time. We did not get our wine with dinner and the guy that served our meals did not know we ordered wine. They did take care of it. Our steaks were also overcooked a bit. It was a great cut of meat and we ordered medium rare, they came medium. The server did reduce the bill to compensate, which was appropriate - and nice.Food Quality: 5/5- very good quality. everything we had was excellentFood Quantity: 3/5- maybe a bit under average portions for the price, though it is a resort so they are taking advantage of that I'm sure.Food Uniqueness & Creativity: 5/5- get the items that look unique, you will enjoy them.Food Flavor: 5/5- they do very well in this area. all items we had were excellent.Last Experience...9/17/2010We went for the $40 Restaurant Week menu. They offered a 3 glass wine paring with the 3 course meals for an extra $15 - we did this also.black bean hummus with flat bread - SUPERB. The flatbread crackers were also excellent and had a bit of spice.Peppercorn Crusted Petit Filet Mignon: Local Infused Bernaise Sauce, Roasted Red Potatoes & Iitoi Onions, Broccolini- 3/5, tender and very smooth flavor. Nothing specialLocal Farmer's Ratatouille (MUST get!)- 6/5, yes, really!- pan seared Mole Crusted Tofu was fantastic, and I don't like tofu. A standout dish. Great flavors, complex, and left me wanting more. I'd go back for this.Oven Roasted Game Hen (amazing!)- 6/5, yes, really!- Lavender & Red Inca Quinoa with Dried Stone Fruit, Wild Mushroom Reduction, Pickled Pineapple.- The delicate flavors worked so well together. Every bite was juicy and a soothingly delicious. Arizona Style Cheesecake: With Mesquite Fennel Pollen Crust- 3/5, just cheesecake. good cheesecake but nothing special. Maybe sprinkle the same crust bits all over to allow it to add more unique flavor?Local Citrus Brulee: With lingonberry compote- 1/5, too much citrus for my taste. everyone at the table thought so also
2	Meh.For the prices charged, the food doesn't live up.I found the food to be good/decent, but certainly not for the $25-$35 per plate charged.My chicken wrapped in proscuitto and stuffed with cheese was good.  Properly cooked.  A bit creative.  But $25 worth?Hellllllllllllll no.$12 would be more like it.The ambiance of this place is super weird too.Great service though!
3	Why sit us by the window in a small area at night...? There's no lights outside! :)Being so close to Kai which is also located at the Wild Horse Pass, I figured this would be a pretty much "win" situation; don't get me wrong, the food was good, but I've had better. Since it is located so far outside of civilization, the walk to the restaurant was an episode of my girlfriend being chased by bugs. Once we got in, the atmosphere was pretty nice, a little over-the-top Native American decor, but it's expected at a higher end restaurant/resort.The seating was not my ideal choice: right next to the patio window... which would have been fine if there were some lights outside or if it was daytime. I'm assuming that even if there were lights, they probably didn't want to turn them on since it would just be a show of gnats and mosquitoes flying aimlessly at the brightness. The seats were not very comfortable and the table was rather small; even for the two of us, it seemed insufficient.The food on the other hand, was much better. I ordered the giant scallops which was an excellent portion and the quality was top notch. The browned scallops rested upon a bed of steamed Bok Choy cabbage followed by a light sprinkle of bacon squares surrounded by a light vinaigrette for a little extra kick of flavor. Definitely try it if you like bacon and scallops! :)Service was fantastic as you would expect from a higher end restaurant, but the price was a little steep for the overall dining experience; not to mention the full bar with the loud morons was quite annoying. - Cheers
3	Ko'sin is the less expensive restaurant at the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Resort. Probably 3 and 1/2 stars.It has an interesting menu influenced by native american cuisine, spices and herbs.We TriedBlack bean hummus and crackers: It is a great hummus. Black beans are blended with the chickpeas. The hummus is chunky but smooth to the palate. The seasoning is perfect. It is a great combo when spread over the large cracker tiles. I love it.Native onions soup not your typical onion soup. The broth was flavorful an spicy bit not too salty. The cheese was layered on a piece of bread and was not too much. The different variety of onions gave a terrific flavor to the soup. Kitchen salad: It was a simple but good house salad with tomatoes, cuccumbers, and mixed lettuce.Cigar Style Quesadillas: It has cactus, corn, pepper, beans as sides. The quesadillas are rolled in cigar shaped and breaded with corn ships and native american seasoning. It is crunchy on the outside but the chicken is tender and moist in the inside. Too bad, process american liquid cheese was drizzled on top or it would have been a great dish ( but heavy..)As Ko'sin is inside the resort the prices are above what you would pay for them outside. But the quality and the customer care are both excellent.The native american music in the background is nice.
5	WOW.Wow, wow, wow. Not only did I have the best fish tacos here, but the service was fantastic. And for a native Seattleite to compliment a seafood dish in the southwest??? Unheard of.It was Californian halibut, and served with goat cheese (a unique combination I never would have thought of) on the tastiest mini corn tortillas. Throw in that the fish was seared and then grilled, and the plate is served deconstructed, so you assemble each delectable bite yourself....Mmm!Our waitress (also, impressively a Seattle native) was sociable, funny, and completely on top of things.And the table by the window, looking out to the hotel's pool, golf course, and distant mountains was gorgeous.I couldn't have been more happy with my lunch here.
5	We went here for my Bourgie Birthday Dinner: 2k11 Edition.  There's nothing worse than paying top-shelf prices for poorly executed food, and I'm happy to report that this place was great.  After a comical adventure exploring what seemed like the entire reservation, we had a meal to remember.Wife was a bit worried by the steak-heavy menu, but those worries proved totally unfounded.  We split the crab dip, a house salad, a scallop dish, and the gnocchi.Each dish was well-portioned, well-prepared, and expertly seasoned.  The scallops were seared just-so; the top crispy, the rest of the scallop slightly chewy and smooth.  The bed of greens they sat upon were a perfect contrast, and the accompanying potatoes mirrored the scallops: slightly crispy on the outside, smooth and melt-in-your-mouth on the inside.  Every few bites had a bit of cheese (gorgonzola?) that spiked the flavor-o-meter into head-explosion territory.The gnocchi were also top-notch.  I can't lie - I dipped my finger in the bowl and licked some sauce long after the gnocchi were depleted.  Ditto for the crab dip, which wasn't heavy or gross or cheese-melty.The house salad was also super good, though not very memorable in the face of everything else.The complimentary black bean hummus: fantastic, as others noted.  Tasted fresh, not like it had been sitting in a vat.Service and atmosphere were low-key but classy.  Appropriate for a resort.Highly recommended.
4	Love the resort and we got a great table looking out at the beautiful landscape & pool area. We went for Mother's Day weekend -Saturday. I was told when I made the reservation that they had a brunch buffet on Saturday.  Turned out they had cancelled that. Had an 11:00 reservation and was given breakfast menus, by the time we ordered though they told us breakfast was over but they would accommodate our order......Somehow the communication broke down BUT we had a perfectly prepared, delicious  breakfast with great service and a beautiful view!
2	It's pains me to give Ko'sin two stars but that only means I've experienced better.I picked the Chicken breast dinner.The Chicken was DRY!The fingerling potato hash didn't seem like fingerling's or potato hash and was ORANGE and pureed with HARD CHUNKS in it. The mushroom fondue WAS THICK AS PUDDING and had a RING of melted BUTTER around it. This fondue was heavy with lots of flour butter and cream tasted like ultra thick salty cream of mushroom soup.My husband ordered the pork porterhouse medium rare but it came out Almost Well Done.His fingerling potato coins were hard and under cooked.We were checked on after we were finished.At the price point two stars is accurate. Ko'sin is a distance from the Wildhorse, a shuttle bus runs about every fifteen minutes  and it is approximately a seven minute ride to the restaurant.
3	We've eaten here many times.  Most of the time it is very good and some dishes are spectacular. However they drop the ball a little too often, both in service and food.The buffalo tartar is absolutely fantastic, you should go here just for that!
4	The restaurant offers an array of American style food with a Native American twist.  The atmosphere is rather quiet with a kitschy sound flute in the back ground to reiterate the Native American atmosphere.  One minor point worth noting, each time that I have visited here a stray sparrow is flying in and out of the restaurant.  Not a big deal for me, but if you have a fear of birds, or have seen one too many Alfred Hitchcock movie be aware!The food is tasty and has an eclectic edge.  I had the buffalo meatloaf that included ground buffalo meat, a tomato base with seasoning wrapped in bacon.  It was accompanied with vegetables and mashed potatoes - a nice ensemble.  The portions are reasonable and the servers are friendly.Others in my party ordered fish tacos, hamburger, a Klub sandwich (which was enormous even for me), a Nicoise salad and tortilla soup.  Nobody left hungry.The breakfasts are equally as filling, but the same price as lunch which is too pricey.  The service could have been better.  The wait for the meal is on or about 20 minutes for lunch and about 15 minutes for breakfast.  Expect to pay at least $20 per head with tip.The prices are someone higher that I feel is fair market.  However, it is worth check this place out.
4	The family and I went here for Christmas dinner (instead of cooking- it was a nice change).  The hotel itself is beautiful- though the floor is a rustic faux flagstone (slightly uneven in many places), so be warned if you decide to wear stilletoes (I did. bad call)The restaurant is quiet and quaint. It overlooks the pool and grounds, which are quite beautiful. The food here is really fantastic. I had a seafood paella, which was perfectly seasoned, and had a ton of delicious and perfectly cooked lobster, scallops, and shrimp. The service was excellent. And dessert was amazing.Overall I am a fan of this restaurant, though it's not somewhere I'll be going regularly, as it is pretty pricey.
5	Went there last night with my daughter for her 21st birthday.  I asked for a window table with a view, which they obliged.  We watched the people romping at the pool as the sun set.  Peaceful and serene, as is the ambiance of the whole resort.  The service was superb with Jose and I can't remember the woman who filled our water glasses and whisked away dirty dishes.  They started us on their complimentary black bean hummus and large crackers.  Sorry.  I can't remember the name of it.  Both were great and we almost filled up on those before the dinner came.  I ordered the fillet mignon and my daughter the new york strip.  Mine was perfect.  It came on a bed of mashed potatoes and steamed spinach.  It was moist and perfectly seasoned.  I am not usually a meat eater, eating a hunk of meat maybe twice a year.  I'm glad this was the hunk that I chose for the year!  My daughter's ny strip was seasoned with something I couldn't quite put my finger on, but it was good as well.  Her steak came with finger potatoes and a side of creamed corn.  It was barely creamy, which I didn't try since I'm not a fan of creamed corn.  Her potatoes were good as well, but I'm a fan of mashed potatoes.  It was topped off with their dessert of pretzel bread pudding.  YUMMMMM!!  I was stuffed from the appetizers and dinner, but I took one bite of the dessert and we both finished that as well.  I'd definitely  return.
2	Liked the food but the dinning room was pretty uncomfortable.  I didnt see any seating  in the whole place that looked like it would have been an improvement so we kept our table close to the kitchen.  Its upscale and decorated accordingly, but its nether romantic or welcoming.  I'm not even sure that this space was meant to be used as a restaurant dinning room.My Husband and I had dinner and dessert here on Valentines day...The salad was interesting as well as tasty and my Ahi was very good served on a bed of greens with a nice avocado sauce and other veggies.  My husband was a little disappointed with his steak, not the flavor or preparation, just the size (theres no way it was even 4oz) pretty small for the price.All and all there are plenty of better places to dine in the valley that are more convenient to get to and a better meal for your money.  We wont be going back.
1	Very non sustainable menu. 26 bucks for a bowl of "native" granola and a smoothie to your room... Won't sell you a smoothie after breakfast unless you are dropping serious coin on dinner which is total bs because the smoothie is the ONLY good mixer for a cocktail on the whole resort property besides soda water. You want an awesome frozen drink poolside? Plan on shoveling tons of GMO corn syrup down your gullet and wait till you see the nasty cream film that sticks to your cup when you are done drinking it... Those are 10 bucks each.... It's a shame because this resort is so deluxe but all the food is soooo schwaggy. My granola which was about the only thing a non-flesh eater could eat was served to me w/ warm soy milk....... both times I got it(and I asked for it cold the second time!!!! Nobody likes warm milk in granola!!! Especially for these prices!!!!l
4	I came here for Mother's Day Brunch. The food was fantastic and my mom and grandma were very excited. I've been to Kai before and was hoping they'd be open for brunch, but sadly they weren't. It was $65/person for brunch - pricey for a 4 course meal. It wasn't your standard Mother's Day Brunch buffet but was really good food. I have no complaints about the food at all - I think it was amazing. My only issue is the vibe felt off - it didn't feel like the ambiance of the place matched how much I was paying for brunch. The servers weren't the most knowledgeable about the food...he recommended queso fresco for my grandma's filet because she doesn't like goat cheese. queso fresco?! NO. He was nice, don't get me wrong. But if I'm about to drop $400 on brunch, I want someone with some knowledge. Also, we went for awhile without refills on water or tea. That's annoying. Those are the major reasons I deducted a star because otherwise the food was really good. The presentation was gorgeous. I'll upload the pics. I def took a lot. Overall, I wouldn't come to Ko'Sin. I'd rather just spend the money and go to Kai where the servers are super knowledgeable and the ambiance feels more upscale...the pricing matches. I'm not articulating myself well. Here's an example, say you walk into a diner and you pay $20 for a burger. While it's still a great burger and definitely probably worth the $20, you still feel like you overpaid just because you're in a diner. I hope that makes more sense.
5	We had dinner here and breakfast the next morning as well. The dinner was absolutely amazing - fresh unique ingredients and expert service. I cannot express how delicious that steak was - Thank you so much for a truly memorable meal. Breakfast the next morning at the buffet was also quite good. You cannot walk away from this place hungry, that's for sure. Breakfast or dinner - YUMMMY!
3	It's way out there. Way out there. Three stars, not four, because the place doesn't realize it's a four star place. Very good and interesting food. A quality wine list. Good service. If there is a weak link I suspect it is the behind the scenes folks responsible for training. I shared a fantastic cheese plate with the table; I have no idea what the cheeses were. I suspect the server hasn't been trained to name and describe the plate. Please eat here. The food is good, and you're supporting an Indigenous nation. And this is to management, my waiter was courteous and prompt; help him be better by investing in, and respecting, him by training him more thoughtfully.
4	What a fantastic meal!  The tortilla soup and fish tacos were outstanding.  We had a great time and would highly recommend.
4	We went for the Sunday brunch buffet and found it to be delicious. Everything you would look for at a breakfast buffet in a hotel. Fresh squeezed juices, eggs cooked to order, real maple syrup for the pancakes, awesome chorizo sausage gravy, thick slices of bacon, mountains of fresh fruit and baskets of croissants and muffins. It was our anniversary during our visit and they comped one our meals on this visit. Worth going if you're staying at the hotel, food is great. We got a really cozy booth in the middle of the room. Service was fine. Coffee was good. Carol C. got a USA Today which she enjoyed a lot. What else can you ask? Nice work Ko'sin.
4	Had a good breakfast buffet. A little pricey but this is a hotel restaurant. Had plenty of choices, from toast, to chipotle bisquits and gravy. With orange juice refills, it was worth it.
1	Stayed at this resort for one night and had dinner at Kosins. Service was slow even though the place was empty. Food was cold and mediocre at best. Resort was beautiful but restaraunt not up to the hotels standard. Will not recommend this  place and will not return.  Poor customer service from waitstaff and management. Not worth the price.
2	Service was average at best.The food was medicore to good.  The short rib was great, the sides were not.  The crab dip was good, the bread was not.  The chicken was bad, the sides were good.  You see where I'm going with this...The value is tremendously bad.  I know it's a hotel but you can't price the average food as 5-star gourmet.  I utilized a deal that was aimed at drawing locals to the hotel.  I had a decent meal but I certainly wouldn't go back.
3	Brunch was not very good however I am comparing it with some of the best brunches in the valley, T Cooks at the Royal Palms is about the same price and amazing.   However I expected more from Ko Sin because I've eaten at the restaurant just above, Kai, which was outstanding.   Ko Sin is decent brunch buffet for the price but a let down with high expectations I had.  Do not expect anything like their restaurant upstairs.  $20 per adult,  $10 per child.  Make the drive to Royal Palms in Phoenix....
2	Not even a hint of the great restaurant Kai two stories above. Overpriced and undergood. $32 salmon was dry as a bone. $38 pork chop came on a giant pile of "60 day cornbread" that was certainly dry enough to have been made that long ago.
5	Walked in at sunset to the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Resort ... just beautiful.The place just oozes relaxation, best Chi we have experienced at any of the local Indian Reservations. Unlike most of the other Rez's in town, this tribe has the vibe!You must experience this for yourself.I rarely ever bring up service in my reviews but today I must highlight the downside to an otherwise excellent experience. Typical and I mean "typical" Sheraton resort service, high on the cleanliness and pathetic on the people management. All the employee's were kids, no doubt because adults will not work for the wages they pay and/or put up with their corporate BS. Walked out to the "all lite up" pool bar and were informed by 10 laughing an giggling child employee's they were already closed. All-Righty-Then. Strike 1.Walked up to the pathetic 6 chair excuse of a lobby bar and with one look at the bartender's prowess knew cocktails where out of the question. OK we'll take a round of Four Peak's Kiltlifter Drafts. "Oh, the drafts have not worked in a couple of days, its all foam, but I will try it for you one more time. Oh, still foam." (Amazingly this Ground Hog Day conversation repeated itself with several other patrons as the night progressed.) Strike 2.Ok then, forget the sunset drinks lets head straight into Ko'Sin. Sorry the child hostess says, reading from her cue card, at the moment we are "fully committed".  As we stare into an half empty Saturday night dining room. Strike 3.Calming down my posse, I decide to reset the circuit breaker and we re-group for bottled beer and the waning sunset from the beautiful atrium. I however keep checking with the Hostess, 8:00 no not yet, 8:15 still no, 8:25 no,  finally getting a group consensus from the now 3 young robots behind the counter, that our reservation was not until 8:30. Finally exactly at 8:30 the Piper at the Gates of Dawn leads us into ... the now ... completely empty dining room. Corporate BS OFF ..... Review ON!We start out with a kick ass round of top shelf Margarita's, amazing and I mean amazing. Roasted limes, fresh squeeze juice, agave, dark Patron, Grand Marnier mixed to perfection. Nice ... and strong!Well buzzed on just one drink we move on to appetizers & salads. Lots of sharing, loads of flavor. All fresh and local ingredients "as advertised" ... and the main reason we drove all the way out to experience Ko'sin. Service was excellent and everything flowed like clockwork. While the main entree choices appeared limited on the menu,  when the entree's hit the table "all at one time" it truly looked like a banquet.  No kidding, it really had a "wow factor". Beautiful presentation, colors, aroma's, and spot on delivery. Color me impressed. All the entree's tasted awesome, everyone sharing, everyone on there second Margarita. Fresh mahi-mahi build your own Taco's, killer Indian Fry Bread, the beef filet & pork chop where from local farmers which had a very unique fresh and natural flavor that I've never experienced before. No doubt many of the ingredients trickle down from their "hi-end" sister restaurant Kai upstairs. Two Thumbs Up!Rolling back into the atrium we were met with live music from an amazing solo guitarist. The sound quality and beauty of the atrium is truly impressive, just awesome acoustics. My hat's off to the Architect! To bad the pathetic little bar does not match the grandness of the atrium. While we all wanted to stay and play,  there was no way we were going loose our buzz waiting for that service. Off to the Casino........Unfortunately the Ko'sin restaurant is located within the confines of a corporate influenced landscape. Lucky for them I don't bring service into my ratings. (I'm all about the food) I applaud Ko'sin for their "fresh & local" food theme, sadly missing at most of the valley restaurants. The prices are reasonable for the quality of food served, I for one will return, but with the lessons learned from this experience. Valet park Skip the Atrium BarArrive just in time for your 8:30 reservation.Enjoy the awesome food & service.Leave immediately & Valet park at the Casino 3 miles down the road.
3	The complimentary black bean hummus starter was wonderful. Our mesquite filet mignons were done to perfection and were so tender & juicy. The mashed potatoes & five cheese spinach sides were just okay - nothing special. They had a nice by the glass wine selection and the service was perfect. However, the ambiance was rather disappointing given the setting - we had a view of a wall and the table across the way.
5	Excellent food! We had the Salmon & Short Rib. Wow! We were both pleasantly surprised by both the service and food!
4	I always have breakfast here whenever I'm staying at the Wild Horse Pass Resort. I've tried some of their other breakfast dishes but my favorite is the Eggs Benedict.
2	Really not sure but since I cannot give 1/2 stars I rated them with two stars. Service started out okay, but felt like we were slighted after we started off on the wrong foot as it seems. We had been given a groupon as a gift, so was determined to chill and enjoy a nice meal and forgive some of the things I would normally hold a restaurant accountable for. Well, that wasn't the case; after calling 3 times to attempt to make a reservation - I was told all three times none needed. The first thing I was asked by the hostess was, "I'll let you guess!" You're right "DO YOU HAVE A RESERVATION?" Service was barely given, had to almost beg for refill on Tea, food lacked flavor, the shrimp were tough, pricey for the portion, SALAD WAS GOOD! Desert was good! Guest next to us upset because they'd driven quite a distance to learn that the restaurant was closed for remodel, but was serving in the lobby of the hotel.Lot of reviews out there for these guys, I'd only return if I was in a group and that is where they want to go.Always worth a shot, you may have a better experience, I'd only hope!!
2	How can Kai do it so right upstairs and Kosin do it so wrong?  The mac and cheese and short rib were awesome but the salads, salmon, and service were so bad.  We have been to Kai and loved it so many times and always thought we should try Kosin.  Never again.  It's unreal the difference between the two restaurants.  Seriously the service was horrendous.  Have you no idea how to clear a plate, bring new silverware, refresh drinks, bring the app before the salad, etc?  We couldn't even get water for 20 minutes.  Is this real life?  It's a 1 star experience for the money if you don't order the mac and cheese and short rib.
4	You're here at the Sheraton resort, so this is really your only option. It's good food, with a native/southwest flair. Prices are high, as you would expect.
3	I dined here twice while staying at the resort, two different experiences which is why I gave three stars instead of a 1 and a 5. First time I dined here it was horrid. Had to ask twice for a wine menu, didnt really get too decent of service period, let alone that I waited over an hour just to get my food .... and the malbec that I ordered was opened table side so it wasn't even properly aerated. Nit picky? Sure. But when you pay $15 for a glass of wine you expect them to do it right.I did call and complain about that to the manager. The next night was a complete change and while I am sure that it had to do with my complaint, but if they could always be so attentive and friendly and courteous then I imagine half these sub par reviews wouldn't be an issue. Would I go again? Meh, maybe. Not based off my first visit, but definitely off my second visit for sure.
