4	I have been to this Walgreens many times. We came here tonight because, I have been working far too hard and have had a lot of muscle pain.One thing we got there at 7:55 pm and the Pharmacy was closed. So easy to say it is not a 24 hour pharmacy.I could not find the exact brand of pain cream I wanted (Bio Freeze), so I got one that seemed to be very much the same.We got a few others things as well as fishermans friends cough drops, which the sign clearly said $2.99.Driving home my girlfriend checks the reciept and sees that we were charged $3.19 for the cough drops.I was going to go back.But, she said , we are not going back for .20cents. I guess she was not in the mood for that. Because, normally she would.Anyway, I hate being over charged for anything. So I will check my slip before I leave the store from now.
4	This Walgreen's is close by my place so I go here rather than the other one a half mile away. The workers here are friendly and I have never had a bad experience with them. The drawback to their pharmacy is that it is not 24-hours as advertised. Also, I think there may be a lack of communication between workers because I dropped off a prescription to be filled for the special sensitive toothpaste I have to use. The girl who waited on me said it would be there in 24 hours and gave me the specific time frame I could get it. I went back the next day and not only did they not have it in stock as the girl the day before said they would, but that they would have to call my dentist and have the prescription changed. I have yet to hear back from them and this was yesterday!Other than the pharmacy issues, I like this store and go there whenever I need something. It's quick, easy, and convenient to get in and out of.
2	I normally receive excellent and speedy service at this walgreens. However, the last time that I was in I was treated very rudely and tsk'ed for doing something outside of the store that was none of the employee's business. Yes, he literally said "tsk tsk."  I was so upset that I came home and told my husband who immediately called the store manager to discuss the employee's interaction with me. I hope that this was an isolated incident because I've never had a single issue in this well maintained store.
3	It's an older location and there doesn't seem to be anyone working there most of the times.  It's not really quick service however the location is perfect.  It doesn't have a drive thru and isn't 24 hours for the pharmacy.  Otherwise, if you need something from Walgreens, it mostly has a good selection.
1	Really poor job at the photo center. They didn't look at the photos before printing. So, I spent over $30 on prints that had been poorly cropped. They should have been printed as square photos, but the app for your phone doesn't offer the option. I was unaware of this. Instead of reprinting and exchanging the photos, I went through a great struggle with the clerk. He printed several of the photos again, without asking which I needed fixed. He then seemed to expect me to pay for the reprints. Really? After him confusing me, while being hostile, I told him just to take the pictures back and give me my money (there was 30-50 of them.) He refunded me, charged me for the reprints. Some of the reprints were duplicates. Why would I need three copies of the same photo? After all of this ridiculousness and the employees attitude problem, I wanted to leave. I just paid for the duplicated reprints and left. I left with about 15 photos, when I originally wanted 30+ photos.I tried calling there corporate center, she was not much help. After telling her the whole story, in great detail... The manager calls me the next day to ask how much money I spent. Seriously?
