4	The owners are very nice. They've been here for over 10 years. The shop is clean and they can always get me in without an appointment. They do good work and they always remember me even after years. The only thing I wish is that they would remove more of the dry rough skin on the heals. I still have to do it myself at home.
4	Love this place, been going for years!  Ask for THE WORKS!!!
5	I came here on a whim, ha, but seriously, I was on my way to another nail spot that I actually dreaded going to, and I was happily surprised to come upon Whimsical Nails. They were not busy and took me right away. The best part was they were clean and the nail polish was in great shape (not a huge selection, but appealing). They were also very friendly!
5	What a great find on my vacation!  This is your standard strip mall nail salon with amazing service. I only had time for a mani but I wish I could have stayed for a pedi because the chairs looked amazing. They have 200+ gel colors and the attention to detail and getting it perfect was incredible. If I lived here I would be a regular.
5	I've been tired of bad nail salon after bad nail salon and finally found a nail salon that listened to how I wanted my nails done and was personable towards me. Very clean and professional, I will definitely be going back and am so happy I found a good nail salon in this area.
1	I take my previous review back! I had gotten my nails filled here 3 times and then noticed mold growing under my nails! Yup MOLD! I was happy because they did my nails quickly and got me in and out but there is no price to pay for MOLD! I will never be going back here again!
5	Best nail salon ever! I feel like family when I am there. They truly care and do quality work!!!
5	THE BEST NAIL SALON THERE IS!I have been going to this salon for eight years and let me tell you- they just keep getting better and better. Each one of the workers are kind and professional. My sister and I love the atmosphere of the salon and the work we get done is always beautiful. I have recommended this place to dozens of people and will continue to do so in the future. Go in, let them take care of you and I guarantee you will not regret it.
5	My mom and I were just in here and The staff was friendly, they don't ignore you, they do a good job. It's very affordable. I had a fantastic time! We will definitely be getting our nails done here from now on!
4	Nice stop on the way back to California. They took good care of us, great hot stone with the pedicure.  I highly recommend this family on establishment.
5	First time customer here. Stopped in and got a pedicure; no waiting. David did my nails and I ordered "The Works" which cost $32.00. Worth.Every.Penny. David did a fantastic job; it was sooo relaxing....would have been perfect if I didn't have to listen to a girl yapping on her cell phone for most of the time but other than that, I was very impressed. The only regret is that I didn't give him a bigger tip (I did tip 20% but he deserved more!!!) Very attentive service, very relaxing, affordable and a nice, clean salon. Highly recommend!!!!
4	Great job- gel manicure and nail design.  Fast friendly service. Sometimes taking care of too many people at the same time however efficient and friendly.
