5	xtreme radio. This is #1 ROCK station in Las Vegas. They give away tons of FREE stuff everyday, they sponsor the best ROCK shows and events and have the most ridiculous GIVEAWAYS. They used to sponsor OBC(our big concert) which was an all day rockfest of 20 bands at Sam Boyd Stadium(like a mini woodstock)DJ's are great too.
3	This was once the only Alternative station in Las Vegas, and it quickly began going downhill in its more recent years. With 107.9 now available, this station is well on its way out.When this station first came about around 1996, they played the best music of the day - Nirvana, Soundgarden, Stone Temple Pilots - essentially bands that are now considered classic alternative rock artists. It used to be, if you heard a band on this station, they were going to be around to stay.But then the station shifted direction towards nu-metal - an utter disaster if you ask this reviewer. It's now nothing but one-shot bands who all sound alike, trying to get their 15 minutes of fame. It used to be I could turn on this station and hear an "instant classic." Now the music on here is so hit and miss that it isn't the great station it once was. They still play the occasional alt rock classic and such, but it's so few and far between.With 107.9 now around, you can pretty much consider this station useless. They play ALL the classics, and keep the new stuff to a comfortable minimum (and what little new stuff the other station plays is sure to be here to stay.) 107.5 is still a decent alt rock station, but why bother when there is a station superior in every way?
3	Decent Alternative/Rock station that has been around a while.  I like to tune in for a nice break to the other stuff played around town.
5	Taylor-Have you ever even listened to this station, or were you just excited to be the first reviewer for something? Or worse, maybe you're just here to shamelessly plug your own favorite station. There's a great selection of rock, alt and grunge "classics." In fact, in the last thirty minutes, I haven't heard anything less than ten years old. There's also a great selection of current stuff, too. 'Cause that's what it is, see? A modern station. A few days ago, I didn't hear anything more than a year old for about thirty minutes.  Every morning, they play an hour and a half of commercial free music. It's a great variety of everything I want to hear when I turn on a rock radio station. Of course there are a few I don't like, but come on. If you hate it that much, invest in an iPod- or learn to use the volume control on your radio.The DJ's are entertaining, and not too full of themselves (like some popular LA DJ's....), they give out some cool prizes, and host a ton of cool local events for listeners on a regular basis.So why waste your earspace with Alt 107.9 or Komp when X is superior in every way?Dave and Mahoney rock.
4	107.5 is one of the radio stations I listen to regularly. I wouldn't exactly call it 'extreme rock' as they call themselves, rather it's more of an alternative rock station... Sometimes they can overplay certain bands, usually when those bands are about to play a concert in Vegas Dave and Mahoney are the morning DJs now, while I miss hearing Adam Carolla, these guys are pretty fun as well. I'll be honest, one of the main reasons I love this station is because I have won LOTS of cool shit from them. Tickets to all sorts of events like midget wrestling, Strikeforce and even a sold out UFC fight! I also won free window tinting for my car from them a few years back.If you like alternative rock, 107.5 is really your only option is Vegas these days...
2	Just another average radio station in Las Vegas trying to keep their heads above water by putting the word "x-treme" in their title. This station is more mainstream than extreme.  They seem to specialize in playing hipster douchebag banjo top 40 one hit wonder songs (over and over and over again).  Yeah, they will occasionally throw in the token Bush or Smashing Pumpkins song to perpetuate the illusion of coolness, but it's not enough to really make a difference.
4	The staff at the station itself is very friendly and accommodating. I came here with Don because we won admission to a show they were having inside the studio and while we were waiting for them to let us into the studio, they gave us all some free movie screening passes. Then we were all escorted into a conference room to wait a while longer because they were taking a while to setup. We were only waiting about 10 minutes before they decided to order boxes of pizza and liters of soda for us all to grub on as a means of apologizing for the wait. I've waited waay longer at different places without even getting a single apology. It was very generous of them. Once they were all setup and ready, we were lead into another room with a bunch of chairs and a big space in the front which doubled as the stage. The show was amazing and all the instruments and sound equipment they had seemed to be top notch. When it was all over, all the guests, the staff, and the musicians were all grouped together for a picture. We had a blast!
5	I've won twice form 107.5 superbowl party pack and freightdome. Not only do I love the radio station but when going to pick up prizes the girls in the front are all so nice and happy. love X107.5 because they play a nice variance of alternative rock and they don't talk as much as the other radio stations in the morning, they have the decency to throw a song or two in there in the morning on the way to work. Dave & Mahoney usually talk about interesting stuff or crazy scenarios, cause honestly I could care less than two Sh*ts about what bieber and kardashians are doing.Keep rocking x107.5!!!!
2	Getting really sick of hearing not only the same songs over and over again within 2 hours, but of hearing the sexist remarks made in between songs. Not sure what their men vs. women issue is, but if I have to hear another stand off remark, I'm going to lose it.
5	Love it!! Great music need to get this on iheart
