4	I came here a few years back and found the food delicious, but I thought I was just hungry. Now, I've been going there quite often to grab me the 17a: braised beef noodle soup. Not only that, it seems to me that EVERYTHING there is delicious (including the rice combos). The owner of the restaurant is REALLY nice, and always says "thank you" (even when HE'S pouring YOU the tea). Great service, great food, can't complain!
4	Cool! It's Home Garden. I love this place even though I think it is only so-so. Food tastes like home cooking, great for home sick students. The best part is the owner is super friendly, he never fails to disappoint me. Prices are good too and they serve dark meat!
5	I am a Taiwanese student at the University of Waterloo and Home Garden is the only restaurant that makes me feel at home. The food suits my taste, but the best part is how welcoming the place feels. The owner of the restaurant personally serves the customers, he by far has the best service in any restaurant I have went to in this country. No matter what you ask for, he will always respond with a big smile.Onto the food, I would avoid the noodles since they tend to be a bit soggy. I love their rice combos and their water boiled beef (I forgot the exact name).Highly Recommended!
4	This is the only Taiwanese restaurant in waterloo. The food is decent: especially that marinated egg and the prices are student friendly. The owner is the nicest guy in the world. Don't expect any decor, and expect to wait a bit when they are busy.
4	Vey good food. The service is excellent. The waiter is very nice and always makes sure you are getting the best food
5	It's been almost 5 years since I've first come here and I have never been disappointed. I usually come for the fried rice (salmon is my favourite), but they make everything well and in good portions! Other places tend to give ridiculous amounts of food, but they sometimes turn out to be too oily or salty. Give the braised pork bun a try too!The owner is super nice: always smiling, quick and ready to serve you, and thanks you even when he really shouldn't. There are very rare times that he isn't around (I was told he went to Toronto to buy groceries); the restaurant feels VERY different without him around. I almost felt like I was in a different place. I would actually call this my favourite Chinese restaurant in Waterloo.
4	My friend and I were debating between this place and Mikey's and we eventually decided to come here. The moment we walked in the for the manager ( I think) was very welcoming and friendly. While we waited for the dishes, I went to the washroom and noticed that they handmade their dumplings.I ordered the chicken fried rice and my friend ordered the spiced chicken rice combo. She seemed to enjoy her meal and I looked mine as well. The meat was different compared to other places, but in a good way and there wasn't as much msg as other places which was a good thing. Throughout our meal, he maintained the friendly attitude and was a very good server. He's extremely hard working and I would definitely recommend this place!
