4	I read about this place in the local Osborn newspaper and was really excited to check out the new spot in the Melrose district. They just opened up a month or so ago. I went for second time, yesterday, and came out with some very cute items. This is a place if you like very feminine, romantic items. Sirens and Saints has lots of ruffles, lace and frilly things to my liking. They have a variety of shirts, dresses, skirts and also lots of accessories that include hats, jewelry, scarves, shoes, etc. The prices range from inexpensive to expensive. I came out with a cute, fedora style hat for $22 and a darling black and white, ruffle scarf for $18. I like that I can come back and find different pieces each time. Check them out on the thrid Thursday of each month where the Melrose shops open up their doors later than usual and serve up drinks and refreshments.
4	Love this little boutique !! very affordable cute clothing ! Unique and at an affordable price point! Hats, scarves, unique jewelry. And the adorable sales girl was muy helpful !!!  I can't wait to wear my new outfit !
4	Really cute little boutique with great little Anthropologie finds without the hefty price tag. the staff is nice, but not pushy. The dress I bought for $69 won me several compliments and "where did you get that?"I will be back for sure.
2	-Very cute clothing and jewelry boutique for the conscious fashionista.-Friendly service & unique decor with bling & virgin mary statues.-Next to and attached to Rust & Roses (Shabby Antique treasures).-Prices are highly marked-up...for example, I bought a jewelry piece here and saw the SAME exact one at a suburban (Westcor) Mall for almost less than half of the price! ...And the one at the mall wasn't even on sale or clearance...(are they marking stuff up like 400%??? You'd think the stuff at the mall would be WAY more expensive!)-Recap: Yes, the clothing is "high-end boutique", but if I wanted to spend $70 bucks on a blouse, I could probably buy LOTS of blouses at Ross or Marshall's...heck, I've even found bargains at Dillard's! As long as it covers my ta-ta's, it doesn't matter if it was $70 bucks or $7.99...-Worth the visit to look...-Parking was not too bad...park in front or on the side street.
