5	Best koshary place in CanadaIf you want to try true egyptian food with great prices and most incredible atmosphereBe here and enjoy it :)
5	After hearing about the opening of this Egyptian restaurant, I had made it a mental note to come and pay this place a visit.A close knit group of my friends and I popped in today, and after I spent some time trying to explain each dish to them, we decided to just go ahead and order a variety of appetizers and different main dishes so that we could try as much variety as possible (because anyone from an ethnic background knows that no matter how hard you try, some dishes are simply impossible to describe!).We had 6 appetizers including baba ghanoush, pickled eggplant, moussaka, tahini, tomato with cheese, and koshary, and we were all impressed by the food. I can't speak for the eggplant based dishes because I am not an eggplant fan, however everyone else loved them.The main dishes we had varied from different plates of foul (Egyptian style fava beans) to eggs with egyptian pastrami, and egyptian falafel. Again, we were all very impressed and definitely made it a point to taste every dish on the table.After having some tea and dessert we asked for the bill to be split evenly amongst us (6 people) and were super surprised to find out that we only owed $18 per person....After all those appetizers, main dishes, dessert, tea, and 9 (yes, NINE) cans of pop, we only had to pay $18 each??? Not only was the food great and the prices even greater, but the restaurant itself has a charming vibe with great decor, pictures of iconic actors and singers on the walls, authentic furniture shipped in from Egypt, Egyptian music, and even Egyptian TV. All in all, 5 stars. For those of you looking for good, cheap, authentic Egyptian food, make sure to pop in here! And while you're at it, make sure to say hello to the super friendly Albert (the young entrepreneur who owns this restaurant). Enjoy! :)
5	Heard great things about this place and the hype is true.  The ambiance brings me back to Egypt.  I ordered the falafel sandwich which came out quick and was to die for. The falafel was crispy and full of flavor.  Also ordered the foul sandwich which was delicious and hearty.  If you're in the area you have to stop in.  Great quick service.  You will leave greatly satisfied and full.
5	I'm a sucker for places like this. The cozy, homespun feel, coupled with authentic cuisine and friendly service make it impossible to resist. If I lived in the area, I'd be sure to become a regular.My girlfriend and I accidentally ordered twice as much food as we could eat in one sitting; the pricing here is exceptionally low for the portion sizes. Having seen other reviews here, I was prepared for good food at a fair price, but I was surprised to see just how worthy Koshary was of its praise in this regard. Of the several items we ordered, the Egyptian style falafel was the must-have highlight. We spoke briefly with (who we assume to be) the owner as we prepared to leave, and it gave me the distinct impression that this is a business where the ownership genuinely cares about their business. The friendliness and concern for our satisfaction really won me over in a way that not many restaurants have. Koshary deserves your support, and I can assure you, you'll be glad you did.
