3	I have been here several times over the years.  Recently I found myself two weeks in a row having to kill time while working and this was the nearest place that sounded good in the area.  Typical Denny's, ok but not exciting.  Most of the food was cooked properly but the hash browns both times were ok on the outside but not fully cooked in the middle.I am going to date myself a little bit here.  To me it looked like an old Sambo's except the counter has now gone away to be replaced by another row of booths.  So I asked my server about this and he said it was indeed a Sambo's when he used to visit his parents in Sun City from Florida many years ago and became a Denny's around 1975 when Sambo's folded.
3	It's Denny's.They stay in business because you know what you're going to get. And even though there is bound to be some local place that's better, there are also bound to be local places that are worse. So you're here for the safety of the choice, not the chance for greatness.This particular Denny's isn't bad. Neighborhood is sketchy. And the building itself isn't exactly sparkly and fresh. But the food is what you expect and the service is good. You can be 60 years old and still be one of the younger people in the place. I had breakfast and it was just what I was expecting.
2	Service auks here today very SLOW
3	It's Denny's...how tough can it be to follow the standard recipes and cookie-cutter-esque nature that is Denny's? This particular joint does a good job. Friendly, accommodating staff and the same basic food that you expect from Denny's. This location has been here for years and I've never had a bad experience. It's a solid 3 star all the way!
3	People are nice here
3	This place is alway super fast and the wait staff is really nice but I wish they would clean more. The menus had stuff stuck to them and my daughter was grossed out when she went under the table, she is 2 1/2 years old. Thanks chain restaurant but start to clean it up!
2	I would not recommend this particular Denny's if your 30 or younger. This place smells like old people and death, (its Sun City) and for some reason the weirdest people are always hanging out outside the place or sitting inside; it creeps me out. It also needs a good cleaning, I always get a sticky table.  The staff and waitresses are friendly and the food is good but that's it.
2	Went into Denny's on 8/11 to have a nice family dinner. My son ordered the make your own pancakes with white chocolate chips, strawberries, banana's and whipped cream. My parents ordered the make your own grand slam and I got the avocado chicken salad. The restaurant was sort of clean, the floors were dirty under the tables, cobwebs hanging from the fake plants along the ceiling and on the shutters. Not to mention you could make a nice hat from the dust in the laddies bathroom. My son got food poisoning from the whipped cream. The avocado on my salad were so rubbery it was like a fake food prop.  1/3 of the salad was old yellow romaine lettuce. The meat on my parents' plates was undercooked, my mom asked for egg beaters (fake eggs) got egg whites, waitress never told her they didn't have "Egg Beaters". Parents wanted to change their meat, and the waitress went to the kitchen window and "told on" on them, instead of telling the cook she mis-ordered items for them. An experience I hope never to repeat!! Dine at Denny's at your own expense!
1	Crazy service! Felt like short of workers . Was waiting in line for breakfast.... 15 mins: hostess busy w orders to go AND cash out people AND seat people ..... Really? Lines to pay & to seat ! Then people ahead on me on line are to be seated!!!!! Helllloooooo! When I asked about that, oh yeah, they took me to seat ..... AND there are about 7 boots available !!!! Are you kidding ??????? Last time here! Waiting still for fooood.... Wondering for how long ....... Still waiting .....
1	SMH where to start.... I wish I would have read the reviews before ordering but we were lazy and already on the road. First off I called in a to-go order and the girl who helped me was really nice. Ordered the country fried steak meal, everyday slam and some extra sausage and pancakes. What I DID NOT order was the dawn pancake puppies thingy that I was charged for. Lucky for them it was only $2 so it was not worth my time and effort to complain about it, that's what yelp is for :) Anyway,  the nice girl said that it would take 15-20 minutes which is understandable,  especially for a Sunday morning. Went in to pick up after 20 minutes...order not ready. 30 minutes, still nada. 45 minutes of waiting we finally receive the food. The hubby said our order came out in batches. Got home, sure enough some food was cold, some still hot. The chicken fried steak was one of the worst I've ever had. The steak was tasted processed and the sauce on top very gelatinous.  The hash browns were overcooked and freezer burnt.  My sausage and pancakes were pretty good though. The eggs OMG tasted as if it was really really old. I've never experienced anything like it. I wanted to barf after one bite. Now I know you shouldn't expect much from chain restaurants but the food should be at least decent. I honestly believe their ingredients used were well past their due date. Please please stay away from this location. You don't want to risk getting sick.
1	Horrible service and couldn't even tell you about the food because I walked out after waiting over an hour and still no food. So now I sit at Jack in the box next block over. The cooks looked lost and totally under trained, the server lacked any experience and should not be taking orders especially considering it was his fourth day on the job.
1	Avoid this place if you can. I came here yesterday at about 11:30 am and when we walked in the woman behind the counter rolled her eyes and sighed at our mere presence. She did not want customers. She told me it would be a few minutes. A couple walked in behind us and after a few minutes left. Another family came in after that and after being treated rudely they left too. As we waited we looked around and noticed how filthy the place was. At that point we decided to leave. They had been closed the day before due to a power outage so all workers should have been refreshed from a nice day off. There were tables open, they were just filthy. We ended up around the corner at a place called Brenda's Kitchen. The people were so friendly and the homemade food was so good I placed a huge order to take home for dinner and next day's lunch. After being treated so badly at Denny's we left the woman at Brenda's a huge tip. If felt so nice to be treated good. I don't need eyes rolled at me. If you don't want my money, fine. I will give it to someone else.
1	Came here on my birthday and walked out before I could be seated. The lady at the counter told my family and I that she would be with us in a minute. She then proceeded to go to the kitchen area and talk with a few of her co-workers. Ten minutes went by before my family and I decided on another place to eat. Apparently talking about another co-worker and her "failure to show up for work" and "pull her own weight" was more important than seating my family. All in all, avoid this place. The place is dusty and dirty on the inside and outside. It needs a makeover with respect to the establishment and staff.
5	Rose is the best waitress!!! Very friendly, helpful and fast service. I had the pumpkin pancakes, delicious.  :)
