5	If you want a great head unit, speakers, subs, or whatever else, this is THE place to go.  They only charged me $30 for installing a new head unit, and they took off the install fee for the speakers I bought.  I had been to Audio Express, "Home of the biggest rip off ever," and those guys are not looking out for your best interest.  They just want lots of money.  At Sun Valley, they let me ask all of the questions I wanted to, and answered them in enough detail to help me understand.  They know their stuff, and they don't BS you.
5	What can I say? I picked a receiver, they installed it, it's great. This was one of my first times shopping for electronics at a real, local store (I am a fan of bargain hunting on the internets, where i don't have to interact with real live salespeople). Yes, I could have bought the same receiver online for less, but I'm glad I went to these guys instead. They didn't try to sell me something more expensive or a bunch of other crap I didn't want. Plus, purchasing from them meant that installation was only $30 including parts and labor.
4	I had bought an alarm system from somewhere else and came to these guys to get it installed.  Not only were they polite, but they were very fast!  Everything is working great and have yet to have a problem.  I would definitely go back again, and yes, I found these guys due to the reviews already yelp.
5	Sun Valley truly does rock!Both in quality service and products as well as displaying character and integrity in their business practice.I wanted to upgrade my factory head unit by adding aftermarket speakers and an amp... Ryan was very helpful and made recommendations based on my budget... Made an appointment and took the car in... The folks at the desk picked up the speakers and amp that was going to be installed, gave me a little more info to be sure where we were going and by the time I turned around my car was back in the bay... After killing a couple hours (short of the time they told me it would take...) I strolled back in and John approached me and told me there had been some kind of manufacturer's defect that he had never seen before and explained the options I had to address the situation. John said he assumed all responsibility for the problem and would absorb any cost to make things right. To sum it up... the folks at Sun Valley acknowledged there was a problem, (and ultimately they could have rigged it so I would never have known there was a problem) made it a priority, and took care of it in a satisfactory and very timely manner. The name brand components they recommended did indeed fulfill the objective I was looking for at a price about 25% lower than any other estimates I got. Bottom line... I am very happy with the sound in my car now, and was pleasantly surprised to do business with an honest and conscientious group of people. Any future car stereo needs I have will absolutely be directed to this long time Valley company and I recommend them without reservation to anyone needing anything car stereo related.
5	This place rocks! I went in this morning to get a new head unit for my car, I already had something in mind but they didn't carry it. This was fine because they found me something that did exactly what I wanted and actually saved me some money. And who doesn't love saving money?They started on my car right away, had it done in no time and installed beautifully. They even mounted the Bluetooth mic in a great spot and didn't leave any visible wires.I will definitely be back here to get everything else done. Low pressure sales that focuses on getting you what's right for you and not what makes them the most money. Combine that with quick expert installers and great prices and this is by far the BEST place in the valley to get your audio hookup
4	I made an appointment for my car just to give the security system a once over.  They inspected it, found the problem and  fixed it for a reasonable price. The service was helpful and answered all my questions. I will be going back for a set of speakers in the future. Thanks.Ps. Parking is a little tricky, it's on the south side of Thomas.
5	Happy customer.I had a hard time finding a car stereo this time around... I found one that I liked at Sun Valley. They were helpful but not pushy. Stereo prices were typical retail- could have bought cheaper online, but they backed the unit with a 1 year warranty, and the install for a lifetime. The install price was fair and it included the installation kit as well as the labor.
5	As someone who knows nothing about car audio, I am a walking target to get ripped off. These guys not only gave me different options for what i wanted, but convinced me not to get the more expensive brands. Thats how you know your dealing with a good business. Dont waste your time going to the rip off known as best buy, hit these guys up instead. And while you wait, you can eat at the filiburtos down the street. its a win win
5	These guys are great! After catching Audio Express(Gilbert) doing a burnout in one of my cars after an alarm install,  I was leery of car audio stores in general. I gave this store a shot after the great reviews here and was not disappointed. Ryan is a great salesperson who helped me choose the right alarm for my car and even gave me caveats when I wanted to add more sensors instead of making a quick buck.  They went over all the features after the install and I am very satisfied with my alarm install. I'll be going back to upgrade my deck soon.
5	After shopping around (audio express, bestbuy, sound xpression in mesa, soundwerks in scottsdale) I settled with Sun Valley Car Stereo. I am glad I did. The no pressure sales and listening to the customer to do and get what I want in my car was great. I have had multiple cars with systems in all of them and it seems when you get done it looks good but always something does not go back right. They did it great everything looks PERFECT and sounds even better! I had them install a JVC KW-AV70BT unit with JVC CS-V6937 speakers in the doors and rears, and my Kicker 12" subs all ran through a Kenwood 7005ps 5 channel amplifier. They tuned it great and all the wires were exellently ran and looks better than I could ever do. The price to do all the work and cost of equipment that I bought through them was very competitive and even cost less then most others were going to charge me. I saved over $200 with them then the lowest bid I recieved from another company. I am looking at installing SiriusXM and a Code Alarm in the near future and they will again get my business. If you are looking having work done consider Sun Valley, Ryan was great and I look forward to dealing with him soon! Thanks Sun Valley!
5	I had a great experience with this shop.  After my husband experienced his fourth auto burglary, I decided an alarm system would be a worthwhile investment.  Unfortunately I suffered some serious sticker shock at a competitor's place before I came to SVS.  Not only did I get exactly what I wanted for 1/3 less than the competitor (with NO pushy sales pitch--a very welcome change!),  but the staff were very friendly and professional.  I arrived at 9:30 in the morning on a Saturday, was offered a noon appointment the same day for installation, and was out at 2:30 after being shown all the features of the alarm.  The price I paid for the entire system was pennies away from the price quoted; no hidden fees, "additional modules" or up-charges.  I absolutely recommend Sun Valley Stereo for both their prices and service.
5	What a fantastic experience. I was in town buying a vehicle when I decided I wanted to get an iPod cable installed. After finding this place on Yelp I stopped by to get an estimate. Ryan researched my vehicle and told me that due to its age the cable wasn't possible, however because head units have come down in price so much in the last few years I could get a killer unit for a decent price. I ended up with a great Alpine head unit with Bluetooth/USB support and a speaker phone for a very reasonable price. What's more, after learning that I was only going to be in town for one day, Ryan was able to schedule me in to their already packed schedule and even stayed late so they could finish their work on my car that day. Overall I am very satisfied with Sun Valley and would definitely recommend them to anyone looking to upgrade their car stereo.
5	Amazing service and great prices. Ryan agreed to fix bad wiring from a previous installation in my Benz. After looking at the car and listening to me, he suggest that he start by fixing only the obviously bad parts so I could decide if that was enough. He offered, if that didn't resolve my concerns, to further examine and repair the whole system. He charged far less than I thought and did a great job on the work. I was in and out quickly, and the waiting room was comfy enough for a couple of hours.Even better, I asked Ryan's opinion on my alarm system. Instead of going for a quick sale he said 'Its fine, I wouldnt change it.' To me that's a huge deal, he didn't even attempt to take advantage. Sure I may eventually upgrade the alarm to get cool new features, but not being pressured or lied to means that it'll be Ryan that I come to. If I could give this place six stars, I would.I'll keep coming back to Sun Valley and Ryan for everything I need. Well done!
5	These guys did a great job installing my double din pioneer.  Great price.  Install looks flawless and kit makes stereo look oem.  You will not be disappointed.  I am very very picky about my car stereo stuff and they surpassed my expectations.
5	Customer service is great, installation looks great and my car sounds even better. Staff very knowledgable and didnt try up selling or any nickel & dime-ing me.
5	I did a ton of research in the area for 4 speakers and a double din head unit. I walked in and never felt and pressure to buy anything and he answered all my questions in a professional manner. I ended up buying a full audio set up...Head unit,and 4 new speakers in my Nissan Xterra...I did not want to break the bank and just wanted something clean and simple and better than stock speakers....We broke it down to $400.00 with install..He even gave me a break on the  install since I went with the new speakers.. I also found out for a new head unit install is only $60.00 if you just wanting to get a new head unit in..Thats a nice fair price for wiring and install I payed the man they got to work right away...I went across the street and got a burger and sat down to eat to kill some time...I ended up walking back over after I ate and sat in the store for about 10 minutes before my car was ready. From start to finish it only took about an hour and half..Nice and fast...The guy who did the install showed me the unit and features and was very nice as well...If your thinking about going anywhere else dont....give these guys a try....They made it easy to spend my money and not feel bad about it buy giving me a great product, service and price...Thanks again Sun Valley Stereo...I will be back in the future to do business again!
5	Sun Valley Stereo was awesome!  My stereo went out and according to the car dealership the solution was a $300 repair!  I  found Sun Valley through Yelp and they squeezed me in the very next day.  Turns out all I needed was a new cable which they replaced and charged me $15 dollars for!  No labor. No charge to figure out what was wrong and the people there were SUPER nice.  They had me in and out in less than half an hour.  If you have any audio or alarm needs, I would strongly recommend visiting them first!
5	I chose this place based on the great reviews on Yelp and my experience was exactly as expected. I brought my BMW 535 to them for a custom amp install and it looks and sounds great. Highly recommended.
5	Five Stars for Ryan and the team at Sun Valley Stereo.I've had them do three installs in the last year or two, and all were very professional installs, fair prices, excellent audio gear to choose from, and customer service is tops.  Please don't hesitate to call them for your car audio, alarms, or window tinting needs.I highly recommend them!
5	I drove up from Tucson twice to get a phone charger hardwired into my old and current car. I wanted to take comfort in knowing even such a simple job was done correctly and that the visible elements of my install would be cleanly tucked away. I've received many compliments from passengers and I would trust Sun Valley Stereo to do any other install work on my car. There was a post-install issue with the mounting supplies that came with my first product and Ryan told me to drive in so he could get it fixed right away. When I brought my new car in many months later with the same product, he remembered me and that specific issue and worked with his tech to get around the problem the first time so I wouldn't have to come back. That's quality service.
5	I recently went in to have them install a JL Audio 700/5 amp with a JL Audio 10" sub. I was so satisfied with the work that I went in the following day to have speakers installed. The staff was very helpdful and they don't just look to sell you anything. I plan on going back to have a remote start installed. I would recommend this place to anyone!!
1	at first I wanted to like this company. but then their quality really sucked. What I was expecting was their expertise but what I got was a console panel that pops inward. When I made the dude aware of it he walked straight out of the office with this annoyed expression whether to demonstrate how mad he was at the tech or by complaint. Either ways I was left without a word thinking wtf I'm I supposed to follow our what. Obviously I was because how would he be able to see what I'm talking about. Anyways he talks to the tech and then tells me that its made that way and if I want they can screw it in. Again wtf would you want a panel pooping inward ask the time. Give him a call to make an appointment he says. Fine. 2 days later I can't open the door from the inside. Fukk I thought the tech probably messed up in there too because I had speakers installed. Opened it up and sure enough the connector was broke and a poor attempt to fix it by filling holes and a zip tie. I feel that this is something you should mention to the owner if your going to drill into the plastic visible or not. I doubt anyone gets upgraded stereos because they don't give a shi! About their car. So drilling holes, at least give me a call. So instead of getting a professional installation I got some half as$ workmanship. I don't have the time to do an installation myself and that's why I took it to these guys, unfortunately. So why didn't I take it back for them to repair? Do you continually annoy your food server when they already give you bad vibes? I dont want spit in my food and didn't want more broken things in places I can't see. I don't want to have QC their work afterwards. So I did the repair myself. I've uploaded a picture of the broken piece.Anyways people might have been satisfied and maybe I was just unlucky but I'm not going back. I'm happy my door gave me signs of trouble before I dropped off my civic for a new stereo speakers and tinting. I pay experts to be good at their job otherwise I'd just hire a bum to take my money and break my $hit.
5	Came here to get a hook up to my cd player car stereo so I can play my iPhone music, Customer service was a big A+.  It took about 45 minutes, and was reasonably priced.  Highly recommend this place to all....thank you Sun Valley Stereo.
2	Ryan has contacted me to apologize and pay for repairs to my door latch. I hate to think that so many has rewarded this company for its quality of work. I don't want to take away from that. I think it is a possibility that I just got rare off day at this shop. Wish them the best. Thank you, Ryan for reaching out and offering to pay for my repair. I've raised the rating one STAR to two. Sorry I couldn't add any more but since it the incident cost me a few days without my car, it was a bit inconvenient.
5	Once again I found myself back at Sun Valley Stereo.  This time with a new car that was all promises and no function for what I needed.  Not only do they consistently provide great customer service, they never try and oversell you on something you don't need.  My car is playing tunes the way I wanted it to when I bought it, and I couldn't be happier with them or their level of service.  Rock on!
5	I've been getting my old car fixed up and one of the things I decided to do was replace the blown speakers in the back. I found Sun Valley Stereo on Yelp and all of the great reviews are true. They recommended a pair of Pioneer Speakers that were reasonably priced and told me they could install them in about an hour. Actually, they were done in less than 45 minutes and once again my stereo sounds great.If you need me, I'll be the guy with my windows rolled down, cranking the tunes!
5	Dropped the car off at 0900 for an alarm and front speaker install, was called and told the car was ready at 1200.  This is the place to go to for this type of work.  Professional, fair  and honest.  What more can you ask for?
5	I met with Ryan and talked over a few options for my BMW 335i... no pressure type of business. I like that. We set an appointment & in a few days the crew made the magic work. I got an updated system and amp. Sweet. I'm going to have Sun Valley hook up my Mercedes CLK 500 as well. Good job Audio Cats.
5	Ryan and the install team were fantastic.  I wanted to upgrade the system in my Volvo XC90.  A simple Google search will bring up all the challenges - loss of steering controls, antenna, and rear parking sensors.  After interviewing five different installers, I chose Sun Valley Stereo based on their strong Yelp reviews, reasonable pricing, and knowledge of both my vehicle and their products.  The install was completed today and I'm extremely pleased.  By utilizing an install kit from the UK and an aftermarket antenna, they were able to install a Pioneer NEX head-unit while retaining all ~OEM functionality... steering controls, AM/FM reception, and rear parking sensors.  Excellent workmanship, outstanding sound, and no surprises with the final bill.
5	I had a car stereo installed about four months ago, and I couldn't be happier with the job they did.  The price is very reasonable; it actually was less than they initially quoted me because they ended up not needing one of the parts.  I know next to nothing about car stereos and I wouldn't have known the difference, but they were honest and took the part off my bill.  The staff are great people and they were very understanding when my schedule changed that day and messed up my pick-up and drop-off times.  The service was professional and fast, and I've been very pleased with the job they did.  Highly recommended!
5	Sun valley stereo exceeded my expectations with excellent service, knowledge and attention to detail.  Not only are the people great but they have a large inventory and excellent demo area where you can hear exactly what you'll get before you buy.  The price isn't bargain basement for installation but the quality and craftsmanship are astounding.  I highly recommend Sun Valley Stereo if you're at all serious about car audio.  My experience was exceptional.  I dealt with Ryan over the phone initially after picking out components for my new stereo system on my new wrx.  I ordered a head unit, amp and speakers from amazon.com.  The crew there installed the stereo without a problem and I was able to keep my steering wheel controls.  Unfortunately the head unit that I ordered from Amazon was defective.   They packed up the head unit I purchased from Amazon and replaced it with an identical one from their own stock.  The installation was done very professionally.   I'm extremely satisfied with the clean and tidy results and the sound quality of the new car audio system.Kudos to  sun valley stereo.  I recommend them to anyone who will listen.
5	I was very happy with Sun Valley Stereo.  I just moved to the area and got a new (used) car and wanted to put a new radio in.  Due to the great reviews I went there and Ryan was there, very knowledgable and pleasant.  We got a Pioneer radio, new antenna for around $200 with blue tooth technology for the music streaming. Ryan showed us how to use it and was very easy to work with.  Great service, reasonable prices and quick work.  I am very glad to have found them.
5	I would just like to tell people about my great experience here at Sun Valley Stereo and having Ryan and his crew install new speakers in my car. After many years of keeping the sound system the same in my vehicle I finally decided to upgrade the speakers and the whole process was made very easy by Ryan. He did recommend Pioneer speakers and the price was definitely reasonable. Luckily his crew was able to install it right away since they had time.It took them maybe about one hour to install the speakers and now my sound system in my car has been great improved! I highly recommend going to Sun Valley Stereo if you're looking to improve the sound system in your vehicle.
5	The gang at Sun Valley Stereo is definitely top notch. Ryan gets right to the point and saw what I was interested in, and we worked together to verify that all the parts were in to upgrade my 2004 RX-8 with a Pioneer 4000NEX touchscreen and back-up camera before I drove 90 minutes for the work. When I first left there was some adjustments needed. They took me back in without hesitation and made everything right. The installer was committed to treating my car like it was his own. He took the extra steps to make it all right, and even fixed the hatch door to my 12-volt socket. Now that's going the extra mile! 6-stars!
5	I live 30+ miles away from Sun Valley Stereo but they are the only place I will take any of my vehicles for electronic upgrades. I have had a touch screen dvd player w/ satellite radio, subs and an amp all installed by Ryan's staff. They are very knowledgable and will go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied with your install. Never do they try to upsell or get you to buy anything you don't need, plus they offer affordable prices. The box they built for my subs sound GREAT and when I had my amp installed in the trunk of my car, they built a box around it to make it look nice and flush with the trunk floor without me even asking! That's what kind of quality and care you can expect from these guys. It's nice to have honest people, who know what they're doing that you can trust to get your ride sounding good! I can't wait for my next installation! Thanks Ryan and Staff!
