3	Great Korean food.  I primarily order the bool go gi but I've tried a few other things and the food is just all around good.It's a very low key place.  It's never been all that busy in all the times I've gone there.  If you love Korean food, you'd be remiss to not try this place at least once.Edit 10/21/2014Came back here recently.  The place seems to have gone down hill a bit.  The food's not bad but it's not great.  Service was ok but nothing exceptional.  This place used to be a bit better but now I'd recommend just heading over to Hodori near Southern and Dobson.
3	Boba!Yes, I said boba.  Boba as in "a name for the sweet, chewy, tapioca balls found at the bottom of the Taiwanese bubble tea/boba tea drink."There are few places that have boba in the Valley, and after seeing a sign out front of Red Kimchi on several occasions, I finally decided to go pay them a visit.I walked in at an odd time... around 5pm on a Tuesday.  I was heading to a meeting and not sure how long it would be, so I wanted a little something to hold me over until dinner.  The restaurant was empty except for all of their staff sitting at a table in the back eating.  I felt like I was interrupting but once I was in, I wasn't going to turn around and walk out.  I came in for boba and I was going to leave with boba!I felt kind of awkward as I just wanted a boba to-go, but they sat me at a table while I waited... I perused the menu of boba choices and narrowed it down to either green tea, mango, or strawberry boba.  I asked the guy for his input and he asked if I wanted it to be low cal or not.  When I said, yes, I'd prefer the low cal option, he convinced me to go with the green tea flavor.  Imagine my surprise when he brought me my drink five minutes later and it tasted like ice cream!  I really really doubt it was low cal, but I decided to "suck it up" quite literally... and it was delicious!I took a menu with me and since then, decided I need to return sometime soon to give their Korean food a shot.  Hopefully when I do, it will be a less-awkward experience.  If you're up for joining me for Korean sometime, let me know!  And regardless, go check out Red Kimchi's boba and yelp about it so I can see what you think!
2	The food was not very good at all.  The portions are very small, yet the prices are average if not slightly more.  It also seems like they will try to sell anything that can make money - edamame, boba teas, gyozas, whatever.  NOT a fan.
4	Ahhh!  Finally a Korean restaurant by me!  Traveling up and down searching for good Korean food can be hard and tiresome.  This one's right down the street from me.  At first I thought it was just called Korean Restaurant (that's some originality!), but didn't see the little sign "RED KIMCHI" on the side.  I'm not a big fan of Korean BBQ since I like the way I smell :) haha!  What I'm a big fan of is the Tofu Seafood soup - Mmm so warm and toasty in my tummy!  Red Kimchi is what I expect from a Korean restaurant -- good tofu soup, Hite beer, great service, and good Asian decors and design -- very clean bathroom by the way haha! - Enjoy!
4	As far as I can tell this is 1 of only 3 Korean restaurants in the Phoenix area. I've been here a couple times for soup, BBQ, and Soju. The food is definitely authentic with a couple different meats: kalbi short ribs, Chicken or beef bulgogi. There are a couple different tofu and seafood soups, bi bim bap, rice dishes, etc.. Last time I was there, I brought my brother for BBQ meats and Hite. The full spread of kimchis, bean sprouts, and other korean staples were brought out. We order way to much meat, ended up on a Soju bing, and started an overly enthusiastic conversation with the owner about trips to Seoul. We had a great time, and the food turned out great too.I would certainly recommend this restaurant if you're craving Korean food, it'll satisfy your Kimchi withdrawls until that next trip to Seoul.
1	Not. Good.  Shameful Korean food and side dishes being served up to unsuspecting, nice white folks. Why is the soft tofu soup lukewarm?  Where is the egg?  Where is the stone bowl rice? Why are the side dishes so bad?    I'm ashamed for you, Red Kimchi!
4	I am really digging this restaurant right now. I was stationed in South Korea way back in 2002 and two things I really missed after coming back to the States (specifically Arizona), were Ddeokbokki and Ramyeon. These two food items are as ubiquitous as tacos are here; but they are seldom found in most Korean restaurants in the U.S. since they are considered "street food" for the most part. This place has them on the menu! Now, I didn't try the staple Bulgogi, Bibimbap, or Samgyeopsul, so I can't comment on those. But Ddeokbokki! Seriously!?... Awesome. Also, the wait staff seemed nice and there is a cozy atmosphere. I could see myself coming here again with some friends and having a good night out. .
4	What a great little family owned restaurant!  I actually never had authentic Korean food before, and now it's something I'm craving to try more often.  Not only is the food fantastic, but the owner is the bomb.  My friends who eat at Red Kimchi all the time call him "Hot Stuff." I don't know the origin of the nickname, but he happily responds to it.  He's cool as hell, and as we closed the place out, he turned on some Asian hip-hop and took a couple shots with us!The set up is extremely dated.  It looks straight out of the 80's.  But it doesn't really matter.  Red Kimchi is not designed to be a busy and crowded place.  It's a quiet little spot to enjoy a fantastic meal.  We came with a birthday party of about 15 people.  They were super accommodating, even though we were probably a much bigger group than they're used to entertaining.  One person's order was forgotten, which is always lame, but bound to happen.  It's just the owner and a woman (I'm assuming she's his wife, but I could be wrong).One big tip when coming here for the first time.  Google maps shows you that Red Kimchi is on Scottsdale and Weber.  Can't tell you why that is, but the place is actually in the Papago Plaza on Scottsdale and McDowell.
5	I went here Saturday night with a party of 7.  It was about 8pm and the place was not that busy.  The owner came up to us right away to greet and seat us.  We were the only gringos in the place so this was a good sign.I've only had Korean cuisine a handful of times so I'm not that good of a judge when talking about the authenticity or quality of the food.  However, everything I had was excellent.  The bbq ribs were bomb and so was my entree.  I still can't pronounce what my entree was, but it was rice, veggies, beef and egg in this 9,000 degree pot thing.  It was delicious and reminded me of awesome fried rice.The best part of this place is the owner, HS or "Hot Stuff".  He is the most friendly, outgoing, and energetic Korean guy ever.  It is like dinner and a show with this guy.  Among other things takes saki-bombing to another level and makes it quite an event.Although a bit pricey for what you get, this place is awesome and I can't wait to go back.  Its a fun, locally owned small business that puts out some decent and unique food.  Couple that with a character such as Hot Stuff and you can't miss.
3	A family member recommended this place-- and she is an avid fan of Korean barbeque. I came in hungry after a trip to the chiropractor and found it quite empty for dinnertime.  The restaurant is nicely decorated and they are very friendly. I struck up a conversation with the owner who immediately threw some recommendations at me that I couldn't afford :) Their dinnertime prices will throw you closer to the $15-$20/per entry mark, which was not my budget that night, nor what I would pay for takeout. So, I chose the Bulgogi with Spicy Chicken to go.The owner then discussed their process for choosing fresh vegetables every day, along with never adding MSG to their products, which he is extremely proud of! Cheers! No MSG is appreciated. I paid $13 for the one meal that he claimed came with lots of veggies and kim chee. Thus, since it was talked up, I was actually a bit disappointed on those specifically... The kim chee was not plentiful at all, actually, we only had four measly dollops of each one. Next, the veggies were a very average amount-- however, they were very fresh. I will definitely give him that. The meat was just... fine! Overall, I liked the owner's optimistic approach to the food and the food's fresh quality. However, I think I will only partake in lunchtime due to the price-to-food quantity ratio.
1	Oh God, this place was awful. This is hands down the worst Korean food I have tasted in my life (no exaggeration). This is what Korean food would probably taste like in rural North Dakota (no offense, North Dakotans!). I really have nothing good to say about this place. This place is expensive and serves significantly smaller portions than typical korean restaurants. The $15 seafood pancake (which had very little seafood and  tasted very fishy/gross) was half the size of what would typically served. The $10 soft tofu stew was bland and came in a very small pot (almost like a small bowl); the beef in there was extremely tough.Our server (very likely the owner) was inattentive and stingy with side dishes; we had to ask him to refill twice because it was simply not enough. The portions started off small, but only got smaller and smaller as we asked for more.If you want decent korean food, drive a few miles south to Hodori.
4	This is a cute little family owned spot, I've been here twice now, and have had great experiences both times. Since my mom is Korean, I have pretty high expectations for Korean food, and this place did not disappoint! The food is definitely authentic, and the owner is very friendly. We went once on a Thursday night, and there were a few other parties there, but not very crowded. The next time, we got carry out on a Saturday night and when we went to pick it up, the place was packed! The carry out did not take very long, probably 20 minutes total from ordering to pickup. We have tried all the staples, dolsot bibimbap, galbi, and bulgogi. They all come with the normal side dishes, and are all delicious. There is so much food, but make sure to save room for the Green Tea Mochi Ice Cream because that is the best part!
2	Not the worst Korean food I have had, but close. :-(
5	I've been here many times and always have a good experience. The food is amazing! Kimchi and bulgogi are fresh and highly recommended. The best part, besides the food, is the owner H.S. Every time we go, the soju flows like water and HS has stories for days! Dude is freaking HILARIOUS! Great location and a fun place for dinner and drinks.
4	I've been craving Korean food since I left NYC and had access to "little Korea", wow was I impressed with the Galbi, portions were ok, somewhat pricey but food was great so I don't sweat it.  Owner was very friendly and take out was quick.  Would definitely go back again and again.  Try the Galbi beef, made from angus cuts.  YUMMY
5	I go here with my girlfriend and I had the very best ribs ever. It's called Galbi, basically it's sliced beef ribs with korean spices and flavoring.The restaurant owner is extremely friendly, and offers great service. We've gotten takeout before as well as we got extra Kimchi at request at no extra cost.
4	Monday night. On the spur of the moment, my wife & I had dinner at this restaurant. We arrived early enough to beat the crowd. So we were seated & served quickly. The waiter was very attentive. But he also came across as a bit pushy. He could also be a bit more helpful with recommendations  of dishes at his restaurant. So I deduct half a star. We had the "dolsot bibimbap" & "gogi bokeum" with chicken. Both dishes are very good. The "dolsot bibimbap" could be a bit more flavorful; I solved this small problem by adding a bit of soy sauce.  So I deduct 1/2 star for this itsy bitsy lack of flavor.  But the rice was so nicely crunchy. Just be careful: the beautiful stone bowl was very hot to the end of dinner. The chicken "gogi bokeum" was spicy, tasty and delicious. I can't recall any issue with this dish. When the occasion present itself again, we'll be back at this restaurant. A definite recommend.
4	Nice family owned restaurant. Good taste. Lots of rice.
5	Really good Korean food! I try it by myself!!!
4	I have to give it up for this place because as far as I know, they are the only place in the Valley that serves my all-time favorite dish, dolseot bibimbap (rice with vegetables and eggs served in a sizzling hot stone bowl!) Korean food is fantastic, if only because no matter what you order, you are presented with a number of side dishes as part of the meal. The prices are pushing reasonable limits, but I suppose they factor the side dishes into that. The only reason this place doesn't get a full five stars from me is because there was a very strange, metallic smell towards the front of the restaurant when you first come in, which could compromise the appetites of some. So be forewarned. But my food was great and I'll be back.
2	Based on the yelp reviews, we decided to give it a try since we were in the area. Unfortunately, we probably won't be back. There was a previous review that mentioned the weird smell that hits you when you first walk in and it's definitely there. We had the bolgogi and the dolseot bibimbap.  One of my criteria when writing a review is not just taste, but price to portion size ratio.  This place is quite expensive and relative to taste, it not a very good value.  Got there quite early for dinner, so there was no one there. The bibimbap was good was nothing special and most of the portions we've had at other Korean restaurants (at least in Chicago) are twice the size.  The bolgogi had a good sauce, but the meat had an unpleasant texture.  It either was sitting in the marinade for too long or the added too much meat tenderizer. Whatever it was, it left the meat rather mushy and unappetizing. The other problem was, the kitchen made the bolgogi and I speculate that they did not heat the pan hot enough.  Rather than it coming out a charred/caramel color it came out with no char and kind of a gray color.  For $40, I don't expect a fantastic meal, but I do expect a good one and can't say we got that her.
3	I would say Red Kimchi deserves a 3 maybe 3.5 rating based on my experience. I was looking for somewhere to take my fiance out for his birthday and stumbled upon this Korean restaurant on Yelp. I called and made a reservation for a table with the tabletop grill. When we got there we found that he had given our table away, although he apologized I was still annoyed and we ended up having to wait another 10 minutes or so (Why even make a reservation?!). Being from California I have been to my share of table top cooking Korean restaurants and they usually have the large rectangular grill that you can put lots of meat on at once. Red Kimchi had a small round grill that seemed to cook unevenly. I asked for a Thai Iced tea and the waiter stated that it wasn't good and I shouldn't order it and I awkwardly said..ummm...ok nevermind. So we order the Galbi short ribs and the spicy Korean pork. The waiter (who I think was the owner) came back with the raw meat and explained that he goes out himself to select the best angus beef for his short ribs. That was a nice little story and the meat was very good quality. I must say the portion was very small for the price paid, $20 for 3 pieces of short ribs. This is not usually the case when I have gone to my Korean BBQ spots in California but this is Arizona and there aren't many Korean restaurants around. The spicy pork was very good and the portion was decent. The restaurants I've been to in the past usually have a lot of kimchi and appetizer sides don't know the proper name) and I was hoping for those cold clear noodles, but it never came. We just got a couple of mediocre pickled items (maybe 3 or 4) and some kimchi lettuce. They did bring out a nice little dessert for his birthday which was yummy. The thing I love the most about going to Korean restaurants with tabletop grills is the fun of cooking it. I didn't get to do any cooking because the waiter popped in every two minutes to snatch the tongs and mess with our food, which is fine if I didn't want to do it. Overall the food was pretty good but maybe ill stick to going to a Hawaiian place for my short rib cravings.
4	Here on a Friday night! Just Finished dinner :) quite some people, they only have two servers here tonight so the panchan came out  pretty slow. Ordered sootofu and Bibimpam the portion is a little small, but satiates. Will come here when I don't feel like driving to the east valley.
3	Traveled across town to this Korean restaurant.  The food was good.  The service was ok, not the best.  We had bulgogi chicken and beef, seafood pancake, tried their boba drinks, and their variety of korean little dishes.  The Bulgogi was good, everything else was ok.
1	I visited a few days ago and I had high expectations. I ordered some common Korean fare and it smelled good. However there were so many fruit flies everywhere and they crawled over everything; there were hundreds of them. I finished my soup and boxed up everything and went home. I can't judge the food because the images of those flies are my first impressions of this restaurant.I didn't have any food poisoning so I'll be back to try again; I hope the flies are a one time thing.
1	Very disappointing for several reasons:1. As soon as I entered the restaurant, a bad odor greeted me. I can't imagine enjoying dinner with that smell.2. I ordered my food Togo and was shocked by how bad the food was. Their tofu beef soup tasted powdery and it had chewy cubes of beef in it. Their bibimap barely had any meat in it and was nothing special. I could have done a better job.3. It was expensive for such a poor meal. Will not be returning. Save your time and your money and go to Takamatsu instead.
1	I think one person said it already, but this place needs a serious, i mean serious health inspection. My girlfriend and I love korean food and we always try to find the best ones in every city we are at. So we looked at this place and it got good reviews. So you know, thinking this will be a good spot we decided to go. Big mistake ever, As soon as we walked in, the odor was just off. We're asian and I know Asian food can smell a little off, but this odor was different. The odor was a combination of the trash water you find at the bottom of the trash can and spoiled food. Still, we continued to sit down and ignored the odor but the place had so many flies that they were landing on my food. That ticked us off so just asked for the check and didn't even finish our food
5	I went for Boba and am so happy I found this treasure.  I had Thai Tea and it was made in smoothie form with the most delicious chewy Boba.  I might have to make the 30 minute trek just for this delicious drink!  The gentleman that helped was also very nice.  He had just made a fresh batch of Boba.  He also wanted to make sure I was happy with my beverage.  You will not regret a Boba purchase.
4	I found this place while I was in search of a Korean restaurant to go to while a long-time friend was in town, and since I've gone here several times. The food is excellent, the boba tea/smoothie/coffee (I particularly like the mocha boba!) are to die for, and service is excellent. The noise levels are always low (mostly because not many people in this area crave Korean), but there's usually some K-pop playing in the background so it's not TOTALLY silent. The price is the only thing that keeps me from going there more often, but the quality of the food is definitely worth it!
5	A great family owned local restaurant. Always on my lists of places to stop and eat lunch.Really good prices and the owner is very friendly.The lunch specials are very decently priced and you get a lot of food.
2	Half of my kalbi was cold and the solution to the problem was to order more and get I would get a little extra? No thank you. Portions are even smaller when ordered to go as well. What happened to this place?
5	Had lunch at the restaurant with a party of four and decided to select from the dinner menu: as shared appetizers we took the kimchi pancake and the plate with rice cakes followed by, for each of us, the dolsot bibimbap. Having lived for 4 years in Korea, I was really surprised by the authentic taste of the preparations and the quality of the food. My guests who have been frequenting regularly Korean restaurants in Japan were equally pleased and together we finished the whole meal up until the last rice grain. The service was friendly and the prices reasonable (although not as cheap as those of the lunch menu). The set up of the dining area was simple and clean, which also contributed to an authentic Asian ambiance for all four of us. Definitively a place to come back any time soon.
1	Was there celebrating a birthday. The service was horrible from the hostess to the server to the bartender. It was my 1st (and last) time there, and I had some questions on the menu. The server was not knowledgeable and recommend the soft tofu, which I am now suffering from food poisoning.
1	I was very disappointed by my visit here. I stood up front, waiting to be seated for about 5 minutes. The employees made eye contact with me on several occasions and made no indication that I was able to seat myself and/or were about to assist me. I am a big fan of Korean food, but an even bigger advocate of good customer service. I am unable to provide a rating for the food, as I eventually walked out.
4	This place is delicious. The service is excellent. Since there are not many Korean places in town this one is a good place to try. I love that they play Korean music in the background (mostly K Pop). I tell all my friends to go here and I usually take them with me.
4	Everything is delicious. You can't go wrong with the dolsot bibimbap and the galbi is extremely tender and flavorful. They give generous portions of the banchan sides and the people are very friendly and accommodating. I recommend if you're looking for good Korean food in the valley.
3	Being Korean I love trying new places. I wasn't impressed with this restaurant though. The kimchi was tasteless and the Bibimbop was more lettuce than anything. The chicken my son got was incredible so I may try this restraunt again. Also the waitress was extra attentive and was pleasant to deal with.
1	First. In a town where there is only a handful of Korean restaurants, the scarcity SHOULD(and it is a big 'should') seem to make the food taste good.  Second. Again, due to the scarcity of Korean restaurants, if the food is reasonably tasty, then one could overlook the service or lack thereof.Neither was the case here. Food is mediocre at best. Attentiveness of the servers are non-existent, and I am sorry to say that, certain standards which Korean restaurants are known for is absent here.  Kimchee, which is an essential, I mean essential condiment in Korean food dining, was tasteless. Wait, not tasteless; but bad tasting. I am not a Korean, but I sure do know what Korean food should taste like.One should not compare this kitchen with those that are in let us say, San Francisco, L.A., or NY.  And it's a good thing my friends also weren't Koreans;  none of them knew what the dishes should taste like.  I was fortunate in that sense.
4	The dolsot bimbibap was spectacular. The dish my vegetarian girlfriend ordered received great reviews from her as well. We also enjoyed their selection of Korean Imports for drinks. My only critique was that it seemed understaffed. The service was good, but there was only one man for about 5 tables. I enjoyed the food however and encourage people to visit. The waiter spent time explaining dishes to us which was appreciated.
4	what a gem, stumbled across while looking for Korean food nr tempe. We chose to grill at our table with a lot of initial guidance and concern from the lovely couple now running the place. Paying extra for lettuce felt odd, great kalbi beef and pork belly. We ordered one of the two soju's at $15, I asked if they had any lemons as if felt vodka-strong from the shot glasses, the owner appeared from nowhere and asked if he could make cocktails, whisked the bottle away and came back with amazing refreshing lemon drinks complete with umbrella and lemon slice..talk about date nite ..kitschy and smooth. He appeared again as we were finishing, his wife had been the hostess and server for the most part. The space has a big sushi counter not being used despite looking fresh with bright flags and gleaming stacked dishes. He explained he was a 30 year trained sushi chef and adding sushi was imminent. He'll need help. It's a 3 man operation on a Saturday night (there was an older woman working in the background) .. very impressed. I want to sample the sushi.
5	i really like the ambiance
4	This is more than a Korean dining experience. It also an interesting restaurant.Far from being even close to expert I can attest to wonderful dining experience.My stomach agrees and says, go in, dont just drive by Papago Plaza.
5	I am not normally one to write a restaurant review unless the restaurant is exceptional, either good or bad, but exceptional nevertheless. Red Kimchi is exceptional, not that the food is the best Korean food I've sampled, it isn't, but it is better than average and that's pretty good, as I adore Korean cuisine.No, it's not the food that marks this establishment as exceptional, it's the owner. Simply put, he is AWESOME! Friendly, knowledgeable and generous to a fault. He asked us which items we hadn't tried and gave us samples of his delicious bibimbap for free. He gave us free soju and even glasses to take home. This after our first visit! Simply the most kind and personable restaurateur I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. I owe it to him to write this review and you owe it to yourself to visit.
