4	Tis De Place Mon!  First Off me Being from one of the best cities in the world. NYC i know good west indian food and this hit the nail on the head! Great to the point service, with hardy plates not for the quickly filled stomachs here! Try the cuury goat! and the beef patties!! and a DG Soda!   best in carribean food in charlotte, nc! This is truly the mirror image of true carribeen food! anything else is just a watered down xerox copy.  then even have the spice bread and pastries!  Best for lunch $5-6, and dinner $8-10.
2	Golden Krust is decent Caribbean for fairly cheap prices.  If you don't have high expectations for service or want to be "wowed" with food, you won't be too disappointed.On both occasions, I've had the dinner combo ($8-$10).  The food itself is pretty good.  I had the Jerk Chicken and the Curry Goat, both of which were not too spicy. The plates are served with generous helpings of rice and red beans and another side, usually steamed cabbage or collards.  The meat portions was kinda slim.  But the service?  A total take-a-number-and-wait-for-me-to-move attitude pervades this place.  The line was long and the staff were slow to move.  Geez!My buddy and I sat in the back dining hall, which they closed off with a wet floor sign as they were closing in an hour.  RUDE!  I had to walk around it to get a drink refill.  If you want cheap Caribbean food for takeout, this might be a OK place.  I'm sure that there is a Caribbean joint with more personable service and exceptional food.
4	Golden Krust is a bakery first and their specialty is the patty, and other baked goods, they also serve Jamaican staples such as oxtails, fish, jerk chicken, and curry chicken with all the fixins(rice and peas, plantains, and veggies), Ting, and other Jamaican drinks. With that said, if you're looking for patties look no further because they're simply the best ever! Buttery, flaky, fat-laden pastry, filled with chicken, beef or shrimp! Yes, it is a chain and the patties are shipped in but they're baked in house daily and trust me they're addictive! Now, the food overall has been fresh and pretty solid, but over the years it has been a tad inconsistent, but everyone has a bad day so I haven't held that against them. I had my very first oxtail here several years ago and I've been ordering them ever since, but I must say my favorite is still the curry chicken. The oxtails and curry chicken are both seasoned just right with plenty of gravy.........it's all about the gravy. I know most people think of jerk chicken when coming to Jamaican restaurants but since I'm not a jerk type of chic, I can offer no insight on that entree:-) Golden Krust has been serving up solid Jamaican food in Charlotte for years and though there are other decent Caribbean spots in the city, I continue to return to the Krust.......
4	I was SO excited to see Golden Krust outside NY so I had to stop in while in the shopping center.  My curry goat was SO delicious and had all the right flavor and spice.  The flavors reminded me of the great food I used to get when I lived near a Jamaican area in Brooklyn!
1	This place is NOT Caribbean food! It's terrible. You must ask for a drink separate from the combo even though you've ordered a combo. They're not going to offer it to you either. The food tastes horrible. I wish I could sit outside and turn people around to save their souls. But unfortunately this is all I can do. Take heed and go elsewhere!!!!!
3	This is a nice spot for some of your Caribbean needs.  You should definitely check it out at least once if you find yourself in the University Area.It's small and tucked away in the shopping center, but you visibly see the sign for the place.  The menu isn't that big, so you for sure will not be overwhelmed with too many choices.  I have gone here twice now and definitely recommend the Goat Curry or the Oxtail meal.  I don't know about you, but when I ordered these, I also asked for extra gravy.  It was great to have the extra gravy with the rice and cabbage. Note that when you order the meal, it doesn't come with a drink though.  Kinda a bummer on that part. The place is alright, pretty small.  They have tables near the register, and also near the back.  I haven't been towards the back to see how many tables there are as I have only gotten take out.  The prices are a little pricey to me, but the food was worth it.
4	FOOD IS GREAT.  The service is average.  The prices are cheap so you tend to get idiots in there who have no manners.  I recommend, taking the food to go or sitting in the back.
2	Good food but the wait is long. 20 minutes before someone took my order and they were only a few people in the restaurant.
2	I have been to this restaurant quite a few times and always received pretty decent service. The food is always tasty and never really found that service was an issue until my last visit.I had a Jamaican visitor and she want hard dough bread to go with our dinner. Now I could have gone a couple of different places but I chose the Bakery. I love this bread but I typically only eat it when in NY, Jamaica or Florida because I need my hard dough to be as fresh as possible. While the seemingly nice woman was ringing me up I politely asked "how old is the bread?" Now I know this is called a bakery but everyone knows their baked goods are shipped in. She responds by saying "the bread is fresh." I say your idea of fresh and mine maybe 2 different things. She became a maniac but in a calm way. She asks: do you want the bread or not? At the time I really just needed to get the bread and leave, dinner was waiting. But not before I explained that as a consumer and patron of this store I have a right to know how old something is in a darn bakery that doesn't bake anything.  After the fact, i was very upset because I could have gone somewhere else, and for her think that it was OK to respond in that manner bothered me. Why was she so combative in the first place? In the end, she told me their shipments come every Tuesday. So this would be the best day to visit if you need baked goods. I myself, will never spend another nickel there.
3	Love the veggie patties, when they are available...haven't really eaten anything else there.
