2	I 'ran into' one of the crew from Wildcat while shopping for decorative rock at a local gravel yard.  Maybe he was scouting for work?  Anyway.... I called to get pricing, and had a nice chat with Nolynn.  He gave me a good rate, and I decided to use their services to spread my new gravel in the backyard.  The work itself was great, but I gave them two stars for some issues with communication and scheduling.  I had e-mailed Nolynn on a Friday with some questions.  I hadn't heard from him, so I left a voice mail on Saturday.  He sent me a quick e-mail on Sunday.  I got his voice mail again on Monday.  I e-mailed him later that day (rock was being delivered on Tuesday, so timing was becoming an issue).  He finally responded that they would be able to come on Thursday at 7:00 AM. That worked OK.... not great, but OK.  I rescheduled the rock delivery for Wednesday.  Then on Wednesday night he sent me an e-mail that they'd be at the house 9-10AM instead of 7:00.  I wasn't thrilled, but it was too late to change landscapers at that point.  With my wife waiting all morning for them to come, he called me at 10:15 and said that they'd run into problems at the job they were on.  They'd be at my place "in an hour or so".  It was 11:45 before they showed up!  As I said before, the work quality was great and the pricing was fine  (about the same as some other companies).  Due to the communication and scheduling issues, I doubt if I'll use Wildcat again.
1	I personally hate wasting my time. Was recommended this company to use for a major irrigation issue I have right now. After waiting a while to call when I noticed water building under my walkway, I finally decided to make a call last week. I was told by the man who answered the phone, that on Friday he would be out to look at the issue and get me a quote to repair it. I decided to wait the couple days for them to come look, and come friday I never saw them or got a call estimating work. Still haven't heard from them since, and given it is now Tuesday, I'm hoping to get a call but this seems unlikely. I will be looking for another company as a $195 water bill is rediculous and I need this repaired soon. This is no way for a company to do business and I will be taking mine elsewhere that respects my time and urgency.
5	I used them for weekly maintenance at my home for several years, and continued to use them when I moved out of state and rented the property.  I just sold the house and had to cancel their services, but they always did a good job.
