4	Just got my haircut here, and I'm glad.Christina is the best, she knows what she's doing. Salon 3121 has yes, an ugly facade in an unattractive strip mall, but a nice interior with friendly people. I found myself welcomed with coffee, iced tea, etc. It wasn't crowded, which I like. Overall, I had a good experience here.
5	Mmhm, just got an awesome facial here. Carol, the woman who does them is friendly and talkative, which I liked a lot. Was really relaxing and I almost fell asleep, hahaha. Not much else to say, other than my face is in tip top condition! Another A+ for Salon 3121.
4	Went here for the first time based on a promotional deal I had purchased off of New Times.  Got a spa pedicure and a shellac manicure.  I hadn't made a reservation ahead of time (as instructed to), but the gal who does nails was kind enough to stay late and squeeze me in.  She was professional, kind and sweet.  This is the place you go to when you want to splurge (but not spend quite as much as you do at Dolce salon in Scottsdale).  They have lots of promotions and deals when you go in, and you can also like them on facebook.  They have cute jewerly and cards also for sale.Great selection of colors and I love the shellac manicure in particular!  My nails look amazing.  A note on the prices, again, not the cheapest place in town, certainly not your quick corner nail salon.  The folks who work here all have licenses and have gone to actual nail school, esthetician school etc.  A shellac manicure and spa pedicure runs about 100 dollars before tip to give you a sense of the prices.  Oh and its right next door to a nail salon that is unrelated and not owned by them.  Do not do what I do and walk into the wrong place, super embarassing!
1	Absolutely terrible, and dangerous!!  Manicurist cut my cuticle and then cut Herself somehow. Didn't see a thing wrong with it. No apology. She didn't put on a glove!! She simply said "it happens". Unbelievable! I do not want a bloodborne disease from a salon and if you don't either stay far far away from this place. She was so casual about it!! Also, I left with polish all over my skin and a French manicure that would have been dine better at a $10 Korean nail salon.
1	I went to this salon for a 50 minute full custom facial. What I got was 25 minutes of steam in my face in a loud salon. My appointment was at 1:00 and, at 1:05 I met Dunia, who would be doing my facial. What happened in the next 25 minutes was this: a quick cleansing of my face, some gritty stuff applied and steam in my face for about 15 minutes, a bright light in my face without my eyes covered and a rough rinse off of my face, some really strong (she said it was antiseptic to "kill bacteria") stuff applied to my face, followed by sunscreen ... that was it. Oh - and all of this WITH THE DOOR OPEN ... and let me just say it was not quiet in this place (aka: NOT relaxing). I walked out of the salon at 1:30 wishing I hadn't wasted my time and money for something I could have done myself at home.
5	My favorite place to get my nails done, Michelle runs a tight ship and everyone here extremely professional and sweet. If you want sparkly glittery nails that'll knock your socks (or gloves) off, ask for the Rockstar treatment, you will not be disappointed, promise.
5	I have tried many different nail salons and this is the absolute best one I have found! Michelle is amazing and I always leave extremely excited about my new color! Everyone there is very friendly and inviting, overall it's a great atmosphere and the prices are extremely reasonable.
5	Cate is just the greatest.  Though she sometimes pops up on Living Social or Groupon, she will also give you a deal where 3 massages are $150.  They're each an hour long, she works on your problem areas and is the BEST massage I have ever had.
1	I bought a travel zoo voucher for my daughter, me, and mother-in-law to get a mani/pedi. I even took my daughter out of school early for our special day, since they don't have later times for nail services. That morning, they called to tell me that they couldn't take all of us, and we would have to re-schedule. This was not an option for me, so it ended up just being my daughter and mom-in-law getting service. Thought I would give them another chance. Next time, the appt was for me, my daughter, and my own mom. I took my daughter out of school early again. This time, when we arrived, they said that there was an error in scheduling and we would need to re-schedule. Really? Again, this was not an option for me. So my mom and daughter just got pedicures (even though we had paid for a manicure too). No attempt to offer a discount or anything.Their front desk staff is less than incompetent. Make sure you have a plan B, before you go. WIll never go back.
5	Got a smokin' deal on a Brazilian Blowout for $69 via Phoenix New Times VOICE Daily Deals and was rewarded with a voucher for a free massage, facial, or mani/pedi when I actually went in for my blowout with Chris! Also had high quality eyelash extensions done by Nia for WAY cheaper than what most valley salons charge! Absolutely love the staff and will be back soon for my deep tissue massage and rock star pedicure! :)
2	Tried out Salon 3121 with a Living Social deal .....   the Massage with Caite was Great!!!  She is a skilled professional and wonderful at what she does....  go see her!! ....  Unfortunately the Mani/Pedi was possibly the worst I've ever had!  It was basically a $50 polish change that not only had polish smeared all over my skin, but both my fingers and toes chipped in less than 24 hours.... ridiculous!  Too bad as the Salon seems to have a nice atmosphere and various services offered......  the only thing I will return for is the massage.
2	I visited Salon 3121 for a Spa Day courtesy of a TravelZoo special.  I anxiously looked forward to a day of indulgence and relaxation for over a month but, alas, I left disappointed.I had read about the new Organics Lounge prior to my spa day and it was also mentioned in my appointment confirmation voicemail.  I suppose it's my fault for having a preconception about what the term "lounge" means, but I envisioned a serene area, separate from the noise & hustle bustle of the salon, where spa clients wait for their services.  Not at all the case.  There is no separate area for spa treatments, so throughout my services I could lots of conversation, banging doors, and hair dryers...simply not a relaxing atmosphere.My spa day started with a facial with Kellie.  First of all, I was told I was receiving my treatment in the waxing room, not in one of the rooms they use for facials because all of the other rooms had been booked.  I presume this is why there was no steam (other than a hot washcloth) in my facial.  My primary gripe is that Kellie did not ask whether I was there to relax and proceeded to chat for all but 10 minutes of the facial.  Yes, I was there to relax and did not want to chat, but also didn't want to be rude.  When my facial was complete, Kellie left me to dress and went to find out which treatment I had next.  She learned I was supposed to go to a massage with Caite.  I walked into the hallway while Kellie and Caite were discussing my massage and I overhead Caite saying it was going to be a really short massage (I didn't know what that was supposed to mean since my voucher was for a normal 50 minute massage).  Kellie left me with Caite who brought me to her room and proceeded to tell me that she had another appointment at noon so, since my facial with Kellie ran long (she up-sold me on an eyebrow wax), my  massage would have to be cut short.  I asked her what that meant because: 1) I couldn't understand how it was okay to cut my massage short when I agreed to pay more money for an extra service with Kellie and 2) Caite wasn't offering any sort of refund for the time she was going to take off of my massage.  She told me it didn't mean anything except that my massage was going to be short.    It was totally bizarre so I responded that I had paid for a full 50 minutes, to which she responded it wouldn't be fair to her other clients if their appointments were delayed because of me.  Wow.  I felt like she indirectly said I was not a normal client and, therefore, was not important.  I'm fairly certain I made a strange facial expression and she finally said she would go speak with the front desk (um, yeah, you should have done that initially without making the back to back booking my problem!).  When she came back she informed me that the front desk was going to rearrange her schedule and I would receive my full 50 minute massage.  The outcome was appropriate, but I thought it was incredibly unprofessional that I had been involved in the problem at all.  During the massage, I thought Caite applied way too much pressure and I was uncomfortable and unable to relax during most of the 50 minutes.  She never asked whether the pressure level was right for me (every other masseuse I've ever had checks at some point) and I didn't want to say something because she had seemed so annoyed during our earlier conversation.  Caite's room was is also next to the staff room and my massage ran over lunch hour so, at one point, I was not only grimacing in pain but the room reeked of Chinese food.  Not what I had envisioned when I thought about my spa day!Finally, I went for my manicure/pedicure with Brenna.  Salon 3121 has a great selection of polishes, including the latest fun colors from OPI.  Brenna was nice and the manicure/pedicure service would have been relaxing except for the proximity to the salon.  The area where Salon 3121 provides manicures and pedicures is adjacent (maybe 10 feet in separation) to the stylists.  Unfortunately, during my pedicure, there was a stylist about 20 feet away who was chatting quite loudly and continually swearing (sh*t, f*ck, etc)  to her client (her client, a somewhat older woman, looked miserable!).  I don't mind swearing, but I don't really want to hear it while I'm trying to relax.  Although Brenna was nice, she didn't trim my toenails evenly and the sides of some of my nails weren't painted at all.I left Salon 3121 without feeling relaxed, but definitely relieved that I hadn't paid full price for such a mediocre experience.
4	I must say i was a bit impressed for being my first time at this salon, because the owner Michelle immediately greeted us and made me feel special. My friend and I  were given a tour of the salon and offered cofee which hit the perfect spot for us.  My friend and I were schedule for Jelly pedicures. Neither of us had ever had a jelly pedi. Let me tell you it was amazing,  but what made it more amazing was Lizzy. Lizzy is very professional. I like it when the focus is on me on me and not the tech's schedule.  Lizzy has cut and styled my hair several times. You must know that she is extremely good at it!! She does not what she may think goes well with the customer but she does exactly what you ask her to do. The salon is well kept, by that i mean it is clean. I havent tried other services but i will definately keep going there. If you havent been there i recommend you check it out and if you want the best service when it comes to hair and nails ask for Lizzy you wont regret it. Mony
3	I tried Salon 3121 with a Living Social deal for 6 pedicures.  It's a clean salon, uses organic products.  I have had mixed success with different nail technicians - one great, one kind of sloppy.  My biggest issue is scheduling - it is practically impossible to get a pedicure appointment in less than 3 weeks!!! It's getting to be ridiculous and I wish I was done with my Living Social deal so I can just go back to my normal salon where I can walk in and be seen in minutes.  Missing my callous removal as well... not a complete disappointment, but probably won't be coming back after my deal is up
2	I purchased the Living Social deal for 6 pedicures- it was a great deal. I realized right away that it would be difficult to complete the deal as they get booked up 3 weeks in advance, and the deal expires 6 months after it was purchased. The biggest issue is that they have VERY limited appointments available after 4pm. Most women work for a living and don't even get off work before this time. How can you expect to satisfy the public if you aren't even available when the majority of people are off work??I must say the pedicure experience itself was amazing. The owner did my service and she is the nicest woman and she did great. She explained to me everything that was going on and we chatted for the entire 2 hour experience. Even better is how clean they are and they use plastic inside the basin so you are never using the same tub as someone else. I had to cancel my second appointment the day of because something came up so unfortunately I lost one of my visits- fair enough it does say that in the voucher. However I really wanted to reschedule for as soon as possible. Next available appointment- a FULL 3 WEEKS LATER. Seriously?! Keep the $70. No point in a good service if you can never get in to take advantage of it. It's a shame because this is a place I would love to frequent.
2	I purchased two Living Social deals - for pedis and waxing that I was really looking forward to using.  I still have a couple pedis and several waxings left, but I do not think I am going back.  The nail technicians were really inconsistent (sometimes I would get a soak, and sometimes I would not), my pedis took quite a long time (one was close to two hours) and the quality was OK.  And finally, I left a voicemail to schedule an appointment and I am still waiting to hear back (it has been 3 days now).  For a $65 pedicure this is not the pampering experince I would be looking for.  Going back to the salons that charge a third of it and provide a much better service/quality.  Sorry, but not impressed.
4	I bought a Living Social voucher for 6 pedicures and I have gone for 4 now and I really like it!  Love the foot soak that takes the stink off my feet.  The organic products are great and I enjoy the hot neck wrap and tea offered.  The nail colors are fun and Kathryn does a good job in a short amount of time which is great!  Not sure if I will become a member even though it is a good deal.  I love the decor and Paradise Valley vibe.
1	I purchased the living social deal for the six organic pedicures. I had a very hard time scheduling an apt. When I finally did get in the experience was horrible. I was expecting a massage chair or something similar but was seated in a hard high back chair that you needed to put pillows behind your back to try to get comfortable. The experience was strange because they use an aloe jelly that makes you think that you are sticking your feet in a big bowl of green jello. That part honestly was weird but not bad just squishy :) . The bad part was the mud and salt scrub that left my legs raw and red. The pedicure ended with them putting my shoes back on to paint my toes. It was a strange and uncomfortable pedicure to be sure but the lady who performed it was very nice so I did tip her. Unlike the front desk help who would rather be on their personal phones talking about Face Book instead of check me out in a timely manner. I wrote a review before but it was taken down so I'm hoping there isn't anything here that is too much. This was just my experience and I'm happy to say I will not be going back.
1	Don't buy deals for this business. Bought a living social for 4 blow drys. I have called 5 times to make appointments and they have been "booked" every time, even when I call with multiple weeks notice. I'm getting a refund and going to dry bar instead. Whoever answers the phone here is pretty rude, as well.
4	I had a massage here and LOVED IT!  Caite gave me one of the best massages of my life!  I can't wait to go back and see here again!The reason I gave this place 4/5 is for the decor/set up.  They advertise themselves as a spa but the decor makes you feel like you are in a Fantastic Sam's or  Super Cut (things for sale up front, mostly hair stations, very small bathroom, very small rooms for spa services.  I do plan on returning but only to get massages!
1	Business CLOSED... no call cancelling appointment.  Very poor form - purchased a three pack of facial/pedi's and doubt I will see any refund :(
2	I purchased a Living Social 4 pack special.  I was able to receive 3 out of the 4 treatments before the final closing.  The girl administering the pedicures was a sweetheart but the polish never lasted more than a week.  I agree with some of the other clients that the atmosphere was noisy or not professional at times.  I had a 4th appt and never received a confirmation call.  I decided to call to confirm and was told I should have received a call from the salon to cancel since that area of the salon had experienced a flood, and that they would call me to reschedule and that I would not lose my deal.  It's been a few weeks so I decided to call today and found out the salon has been permanently closed.  I could see this coming which is why I'm writing the review in case you ever decide to re-open you can learn from the mistakes made.  I understand you are trying to make right all the deals still out there.  Just in case I wanted to let you know that a refund for me is not necessary and I wish you all the best.
1	This business closed in early November with no notice.  Voicemail said that clients that had purchased packages would be contacted for refunds by the end of November, but I haven't been contacted about my unfulfilled pedicure package.However, I have located the owner of Salon 3121, Michelle Davis and she is now doing business at:Nails by Michelle D3240 East Camelback Road Studio #4Phoenix, Arizona 85018If you are awaiting a refund from Salon 3121, you can try contacting Michelle and see if she'll make good on your prior purchase.  Not sure if she's selling any new packages, but I'd be careful about advanced purchases.  Good luck.
3	Well.  Got a toe fungus after my last visit there.  I really was not expecting it since they used the plastic liners in the foot soak buckets.  Have to say I am disappointed and even though the atmosphere and the service was good; this makes me only rate this business as average now.
4	Love this cute salon/spa for mani pedis. The staff is incredibly helpful and nice. Pros: Wide range of nail colors, neck wrap with scented oil, better than average tea selection, very sanitary.Cons: you have to make an appointment, the outcome of your nail job may depend on the skill level of the technician (little bit of a dice roll). Ona side note the owner of the salon has taken the time to come up with and manufacture a 'Salon 3121' range of products. This tells me that the business is a passion not just an investment. Overall, I think this salon is striving to do right by customers and they are succeeding. Keep up the good work Salon 3121!
