5	Great first 100 event! Came all the way from California to make it to this event. The store is beautiful and is updated with the heritage design. There is a drive thru. What I found great was that they have this beautiful table in the store that is made by the men in a prison ministry. Food was great no complaints...Wonder if they use kosher pickles in their sandwiches. LOL I would ask that question to one of their workers... U should try it!
5	I have been anxiously awaiting the opening of this restaurant for weeks now. I was fortunate enough to dine in the restaurant this evening on its grand opening. A co-worker and I rushed to this Chick-Fil-A immediately after leaving work. The architecture is stunning throughout the interior as well as the exterior. We ordered the classic breaded chicken sandwich and each one was consistently delicious.  Aside from the delicious food and impressive building, I believe that it is the staff members that will bring success to this restaurant. I have never been to a fast-food restaurant where a staff member touches each table to ensure a premium dining experience. As we sat enjoying our dinner, a staff member by the name of Kevin stopped by our table to inquire how our food was tasting and if we needed anything. Kevin then arranged a tour of the kitchen for my friend and I. We were guided by an eager Chick-Fil-A employee named Ryan. He brought us on a trip through out Chick-Fil-A's interesting history and then elaborately explained the operation of Chick-Fil-A's kitchen. Kevin and Ryan made our visit memorable and I foresee weekly visits to this restaurant. Congratulations Chick-Fil-A on selecting such a hospitable group of employees.
5	I had never really been to Chick-Fil-A before and I admire their Christian stance. I don't have a car so the other restaurants were kinda too far for me to get to. I was thrilled when I learned one was opening up on Camelback and 16th street. I went to the opening day and had the charboiled chicken sandwich, waffle fries and a drink. Food was great. I was simply amazed at the service provided. It does not have the fast food feel to it. Numerous employees stopped by to see if I needed a refill on my drink or if I needed anything else. They brought my food to me. All employees were courteous. Right before i left, I decided I needed a milkshake. So I ordered a cookies and cream and it was amazing. Thankful I have a restaurant to go to that stands up for what's right and is pro traditional marriage. :)
5	So glad that Biltmore has a Chick-Fil-A Gem!  We were invited to a private opening dinner.  It was so great, they even had a red carpet!  They seated all the guests and then proceeded to serve samples of many of their items.  The decor/design is great as it is more "urban!" We will be hitting us this hot spot often.
5	I've been to numerous chic fil a restaurants across the phoenix metro and this one by far has the fastest service, friendliest staff, and freshest food. the lobby was being immaculately maintained by Drew, who was unrelenting in making sure my family's dinner was going well, stopping at nothing to clean around the table, and reload our sauces and drinks. we were very pleased with his and the rest of the staff's most excellent service. above and beyond your average chic fil a location!
3	The best chicken sandwich you're going to get in the fast-food world. Kids meals are good and the toys on offer are usually books or something else more interesting than a sad-ass commercial tie-in (like at McD's.) Employees who act like they're treated as something better than indentured servants.But . . . Portions kinda small, prices kinda high. A good option but not quite the second coming others make it out to be.
5	When I saw the sign that a Chick-Fil-A was opening in the Biltmore area I was jumping up and down for joy.  Chick-Fil-A is by far my favorite fast food restaurant.  The closest Chick-Fil-A was 20 miles from us house.  :(  I really like the new layout of the restaurant and it is pretty cool to be able to see the kitchen when you are eating your food.  Also I love how there is always someone at the door greeting you with a big smile on their face and that the line went really quick to order your food.   Last but not least, I order the spicy chicken sandwich with fries and a coke zero.  After all it is my favorite sandwich.Thank you Chick-Fil-A for opening a store in the Biltmore area, if you have not been to Chick-Fil-A before then you should definitely go.  They are always really friendly, quick and hopefully.
3	My chicken sandwich was okay.  It had a weird flavor.  I think it was judgement mixed with homophobia.  Very odd flavor for a fast food joint.
5	I didn't know about this chain until i saw a YouTube video of a drive thru customer being nasty to the cashier. While in AZ, I had to stop at one and to my surprise, this fast food restaurant puts the competition to shame.
1	Food is what you would expect. However I did not expect to be waiting over 20 minutes in the drive through line just to get my food. And once I got home I realized that they messed up my order - I ordered a deluxe chicken sandwich with everything on it and the only thing that was on it was the chicken and cheese. Very disappointed in their lack of customer service and attention to detail.
3	A month old and still a huge line, staff still seems overwhelmed and inexperienced. My order is correct about 50% of the time. I will still go as it is the closest location to my home, but I prefer the Paradise Valley location, which is cleaner, has better staff, and I've never had a problem with my order being wrong, either. Drive thru logistics are mind boggling, but can't really be blamed on the franchise. Hopefully the experience will improve over time.
4	I love Chick Fil A and this location delivers like all the other locations do
3	I do like Chick-Fil-A but noticed some quality differences with this location from the other locations I have visited. The drive thru line at lunch is ridiculous (prepare to wait at least 15 minutes) but decided to wait anyways just for pure convenience and part laziness. Service was pleasant as always, I do like when they address you as "Sir" or "Ma'm" and say "My Pleasure". Staff is very accommodating and helpful. However, when I got back to eat my lunch, I noticed the chicken sandwich I ordered was very overcooked and the lettuce was soggy and almost brown in color. The usual large piece of tomato was just two measly tomato slices plopped down. Honestly, I did eat it but was very surprised at what the quality was here...I've never had this issue before. I hope management reads this and can improve their product.
2	They have screwed up several orders and one order was missing a sandwich...so instead of inviting me back in right away to get the sandwich, they sent me a coupon for a cheaper sandwich.  Not too happy.
4	Oh no, Chick-Fil-A did not put a new location within a decent driving distance of home. Oh no... Before, the closest Chick-Fil-A was in PV! If I have to have fast food, Chick-Fil-A is my favorite. This location's people are as nice as they are at any other location. The menu, however, is missing the cheesecake (boooo). Also, this location is always insanely busy. The planners didn't do a good job designing the traffic flow -- you can easily find yourself out in the lane to exit onto 16th Street, or even all the way back into the Sports Authority/Verizon parking lot. The cool thing is that they bring order takers out to the drive through line to take your order on an iPad, and you never have to bother with the speakerSo bottom line, the food is still great, the service is still great, and I'll still come here. But the property planner needs to find another job.
3	This is a really nice new location and if you like Chick-Fil-A then you should check it out. Especially if you live in Central Phoenix because there aren't many other locations nearby.As for me though, I don't really get the appeal of Chick-Fil-A. Yes, the ads are funny, but basically its a chicken sandwich and quite honestly, the spicy chicken sandwich at Wendy's is better, as are the chicken sandwiches at Arby's or KFC.However, if you're one of those people who loves Chick-Fil-A and doesn't mind fighting the crowds or waiting in line, then feel free to go there.
3	The pros: The food is great, just as good as any other location!  And it's right in central Phoenix. The cons: the only gripe I have is the parking/drive thru.  Right now it is a total nightmare! The chick fil a was the last thing built in the complex and they obviously underestimated their popularity.  Right now the drive thru goes through the parking lots of all the other stores in the complex, so during the lunch and dinner rush cars are darting around through empty parking spots and others are waiting in "line" but really just holding up traffic for anyone else who is trying to get through.
5	We love this place. As a mom with kids, I really appreciate the extra attention I receive at this Chick-fil-A location. Food is great with lots of healthy options, and they not only carry my tray to my table for me, they keep checking in to see if there is anything I need (like a refilled drink) so that I'm able to stay with the kids. I love getting to have a salad (try the Grilled Market salad--grilled chicken, bleu cheese, toasted pecans, strawberries--delish!!) while also getting my kids the chicken nuggets and fruit they love. The kids meal toys are also way better than others--usually a book or something else educational. And of course you can always trade the toy for an ice cream cone!  We enjoy the play place, too, and will be spending more time here now that they have delicious coffee for my morning cuppa!! Overall, great service, yummy food, a wholesome, pleasant environment--a good experience every time. (PS--to the other reviewers, if something isn't right with your order, let them know! I'm sure they will do their best to make it right!)
4	First 100 Opening  = i never attended a Grand oepning/ First 100 eventat Chickfila before.. had a good time. Staff was courteous. if you get a wristband for a First100 you get wristband camp for 24hours..to win Free food. you get Fed breakfast Sandwich, Lunch-Strips & Chips,Drink; Dinner -Choose.. i got the Sandwich meal w Polynesian sauce for my Fries.. they had DJ most of afternoon /evening.. try to attend the next first 100/ Grand opening soon.. you will have fun and get rewarded ..
3	Spicy Chicken Sandwich Deluxe, well for fast food it is better than Wendy's Spicy Chicken Sandwich taking over the fast food crownYou could do a lot worse fast food wise
2	I went to this chick fil A a couple weeks ago and it was breakfast time. But I asked if I could order lunch and they said yes. service was great as usual but when I got the sandwich and return to work the chicken on the sandwich was half the size of the normal chicken. I know this cuz I eat there multiple times a week.
5	This place has the best employees and management team I have ever seen or heard of, they treat customers with respect and dignity regardless of the situation.  Thank you for allowing me to eat  your delicious fresh made food while it was still hot. I will always go out of my way to eat there. Customer for life. Sincerely Henry & Family
3	I don't eat at Chik Fil A because I support gay rights and I'm also bisexual. However, my dear brother sent me a number of gifts cards for xmuss, including Chik Fil A. He loves me. I still have his kids' Christmas presents in my closet, because I'm a despicable human being (just kidding, I'm broke and forgetful).So I was making a run to Trader Joe's/Whole Foods and I remembered I had the card in my clutch, so I stopped by. First off, I had trouble finding the entrance. So I sort of walked all the way around, almost to the door, and directed my attention quizzically to an old man with white hair, drinking out  of a Chik Fil A cup, where the entrance was. He shrugged with a mild snarl and said he didn't know.Okay, so my first impression of the patrons is that this guy's a d-bag. Ruh roh.I made it to the line and nervously ordered a chicken nugget meal, feeling very out of place amidst a sea of white people with money while I was wearing my dyke shorts and a tank top. That's okay though, I'm all about diversity. The cashier gave me a cone for my order, in which there was a bit of confusion, but I made it to an empty booth and slid, relieved, into the faux leather. I also went to get some napkins, and I offered some to the man at the table next to me, because he didn't have any. He accepted. Alright, jerks: 1 nice people: 1.The server was a charming older lady with pretty, curly red hair and huge, beaming smile. Good vibes. So I texted a few friends who had recommended this place that I was diving on in (har har, get it, get it). Holy cow. No, really, holy cow. When Ashley told me there was crack in the chicken, I thought she was overreacting. And then the waffle fries? Is that ketamine I taste? But I was full halfway through the nuggets (I got the 8 piece), and I had refilled my Cherry Coke once. If I was going to break the diet, by God, I was going all the way.  So anyway, I'm nearing stuffed territory, and I paused to think, What Would My Mom Do? Mom would say that there are starving children in Ethiopia, and I HAVE TO EAT THE REST. On the last bite of chicken nugget, I suddenly remember that I don't eat fried food, because it makes me ill, and then my stomach churned. I made an inner sign of the cross and finished. Afterward, I stopped and people watched, eavesdropped for awhile. I tuned my ears for one intellectual conversation, or at least a three dollar word. Nope. It was all about kids and babies and church and guns, blah blah blah blah. By now, my stomach is rumbling like I've been impregnated with an alien baby, and naturally, I place my hand to my belly. I decide it's time to go.I texted my brother that the food was good, and rode home. Then I threw open the front door and promptly threw up in the bathroom. You win this round, Chik Fil A. That lesbian kryptonite you put in the chicken did its job.Will go back to use rest of gift card, plus probably only for a drink and fries.As a side note, I will say that the staff is clearly trained in diplomacy. The cashier asked why I hadn't been in so long, and in my articulate tongue, I said, "the gay thing." She replied in a robot voice and plastic smile that everyone was entitled to their own beliefs. Then she blinked and smiled some more.
5	Somewhere between Costco and Starbucks I got hungry, and I didn't want samples. I spotted Chick Fil A on my way to get my afternoon caffeine fix, I said to my self, "oh sure why not" Now it's been years since I ate there, last time was in Metro Center and I wasn't quite impressed.  First of Parking sucks here, especially with a full sized truck but I ended up across in front of Verizon since I'm still able to walk. I spotted three employees at the corner of the building, and figured that's where the entrance was, so in I went. This place rocks. I wasn't more than 5 feet inside the store and I was greeted by a young man manning the registers, "not bad" I told my self. There was another couple in front and an older lady stepped up and took my order. I went for the #2 and thought to my self it was gonna be another BK, McD's type of chicken patty. I ordered was given a cone and started to find a seat, must've wandering around for about 30 seconds before I chose a seat but by that time my meal was ready. The chicken "patty" was an entire chicken breast!!!! Nuff said. From a guys prospective, its a done deal, leave me alone, I'm eating, who cares about the decor....I'm eating. Customer Service at this place rocks, they're the QT and Safe of Fastfood. Its clean, friendly and just awesome. Know what? I'm going back next week, shoot, maybe even tomorrow.
1	I absolutely love and support chick fil a and was please to hear they would open one by me. But since they have opened I have had nothing but problems, atleast on their drive thru. The first time I let it go. The second time I called to let them know, then the second time I was put on hold while an employee talked with another employee on how there was a complaining costumer in the line. At that point I was livid. Hung up and wrote a complaint on their website. Finally of weeks of not going there I finally decided to try it again and once again I was disappointed. The food is great it just seems like their costumer service sucks. There is no difference now from that place and mcdonalds next door
1	This place has horrible customer service. After dealing with the rude cashier I cancelled my order and left out of principal. Furthermore, this company is racist and It's probably better not to support them.
5	I love everything about this Chick-Fil-A! The food is good, staff is friendly and fast, restaurant is clean, and just a great overall dining experience! Not all fast food restaurants are equal and this Chick-Fil-A is clearly going the extra mile to serve great food and give an all around enjoyable experience. Highly recommend it!
5	First time at Chick Fil A was delicious! We went through the drive thru and had wonderful service! They helped us find exactly what we wanted. We ordered every sauce and a bunch of food! Their special sauce was amazing and I really liked the Polynesian sauce. I just wish they had one in Las Vegas! Hopefully I can go back someday!
4	This is for all my fast food spicy chicken sandwich connoisseursWhen purchasing spicy chickens your committing to such a delicious food coma and salty bloated haze followed with a gross nap because you just endured a forgot to chew your food face stuffing. Opposite of anything cute or decent.(Always order 2)Wendy's was a strong contender until consistency of the sandwich leaned towards more bread than meat. Weak. Time to move on. Be smart.A guilty pleasure of mine. Will be a tough habit to break... will i ever?... (to be continued)...
5	Favorite fast food restaurant of all time.  The manners and customer service are impeccable, always a "pleasure".  Food is always amazing, and yes, it's more costly, but you get what you pay for!
5	I recommend trying their breakfast! Absolutely and unexpectedly amazing! This location has only been here a few months, but it is totally one of my favorite places to eat. I probably eat here 3 times a week on average. This location is way better than any Chick-Fil-A I have seen, and the employees are more friendly than usual.  Unfortunately, I always feel like I hope I don't see anyone I know there ... their stance on gay rights is embarrassing.  I'm a closeted Chick-Fil-A customer.  (My friends don't know I'm in love.)
5	Great addition to the Camelback strange. Great customer service. Always a smile. And the food. Lovett Lovett Lovett. Would highly recommend this to any connoisseur of chicken.
5	Most amazing chicken you can get anywhere I've grown up loving Chickfila chicken and now that there's one close by where I live I live it even more! The Summer Strawberry Salad is amazing as well it has chicken with strawberries and blueberries, cheese and granola! So yummy for my tummy! The only thing is they are a very religious franchise and they close on Sundays to honor their values ...which sadly is usually the day I most desire to eat there. Bummer but its all good. If its your FIRST TIME just order an original #1 chicken sandwhich make sure you have the special HONEY BBQ SAUCE and you will be dreaming all day wondering what you've been eatting all ur life! Next stop in I will be ordering a platter of chicken bits!! Oh yeah:)SassiMissCassi
4	I would give them 5 stars if they didn't mess up my chicken sandwich. they gave me a grilled chicken sandwich instead of the original one. other than that everything was great.
4	Very busy store sitting on the corner of 16th St. & Camelback.  I believe it's a brand new store, at least it looked brand new to me.  Since the location is on the corner, it's very easy to get in and out.  I especially love their waffle fries and spicy chicken sandwich.
3	This place is ok.  The inside appeared nice, but I did have the time to dine in.  The food seemed a little overpriced for fast food.  The food was ok.  In all fairness to Chick-Fil-A, I never ate here as a kid, so I have no fond childhood memories to draw from.  Several of my friend that love this chain have loved it since childhood.  I'm not quite sure what all the fuss is about over this chain.
4	Chick-Fil-A always seems to have some of the best costumer service anywhere in town. I recently came in here with my pops for a quick bite to eat and we were greeted the moment we walked into the door. The cashier was super patient with us, being that we had no idea what to order. He was so nice to use the entire time we were there. I wish I would have gotten his name and given him a compliment to his manager.Our food was served to us very shortly after placing our order, which was almost troubling since I did not think they had time to make it properly, but it was fantastic. I would love to go here more often.
3	Service is above and beyond,  chicken is great...  The prices are insanely high. Still don't understand why it's so busy.  I have a business meeting nearby every week and come here when I am early,  out of the 40 times I have been here I have only eaten here 3 times.. What
4	I love this Chick fil A. The food is always warm and fresh. The only thing I would recommend for this restaurant is their work-fi. Other than that, fantastic!
4	What a great experience! Despite this being a fast food. I enjoyed it. Customer service was great. Very friendly employees, great and clean atmosphere. I was impressed. Food was good as well. I ordered a fruit salad instead of fries and it was actual fruit that tastes good. There were even blueberries in it. I am not giving it a five stars just because it is still fast food chain. Nice job chick- file :-)
5	I stopped by this Chick Fil A because of a disastrous catering experience at a different location. Danielle helped me with a last minute strip and nugget tray that only took about 15 minutes to put together. The chicken was piping hot and smelled great. A huge hit at my event!  I felt the need to do a review because Danielle was so great. She offered many items (mints, hand wipes, serving utensils, extra napkins and dipping sauces, etc) without asking and even gave me an advertising stuffed cow in appreciation of my order. Would definitely go to this location again!
1	they forgot my clucking sauce!! How am I supposed to eat my chicken without my clucking sauce?! My order was chicken nugs whit some sauce. And not to mention home girl look like she hates her job, don't take that out on me Chick fil A!
4	Love this location even though its tough sometimes to get in and out of. Service is good, staff is friendly and helpful. Restaurant is clean and drive thru is faster than average.
4	The tastiest fast food chicken around. That being said, it's still fast food. I've visited this location about 15 times in the last few months. Here's what I gather: - for being fast food, it's good. Above average and consistent. - it's still fast food. Sweet, salty, and a little greasy at times. It's an indulgence. - service is fantastic and no fast food joint compares. - ambiance/design/feel is incredible. Again, unmatched in the fast food segment The food deserves a 3.0 the service and ambiance deserves a 4.6 lets average that out to almost 4 stars.
