5	So long cupcake craze...later Frozen Yogurt frenzy...Adios Food Truck phenomenon....In moves A FRESH BAKED, HOMEMADE, LOCAL DONUT SHOP!!!  What?????  Yes please and thank you...I'll have a dozen.This isn't a Dunkin Donuts or Krispy Kreme (not that I have ANY problem with either of them)...this is on a whole other level!  Your Mom's Donuts delivers and just opened their storefront a couple weeks back.  I stopped in yesterday and they were just about out of everything but we managed to try the french toast with peach jam and the lemon curd with blackberry compote and the vanilla glaze.  They were AMAZING!!!  So fresh (even though it was the end of the day), soft, great flavor, solid quality.  They are not "cakey" in terms of texture...more so light and fluffy.  They use local ingredients and they switch up the flavors daily.  They have flavors with coconut, bacon, banana, chocolate, etc.  So good.  They also serve coffee and have a few tables in case you choose to dine-in.  We were told that 4 donuts is $14 but 6 donuts is $15.  So, you do the math.  1/2 a dozen is the way to go and don't act like you can't figure out what to do with that many donuts.  Call me and I will help you out if needed.Love that they are on Monroe Road---we need more things on the East Side/Matthews.  They are open daily from 7am-3pm except on Monday's.  They sell out fast is what we were told so get there early for the best and freshest options!!  I can't wait to return.
5	Your Mom's Donuts is THE place to get your donut fix.  My brother, sister and I had our pick of 5-6 different flavors and went with the chocolate ganache.  It was a hard choice!  However, this donut was the most delicious donut I've ever had the pleasure to consume.  I will definitely be coming back and I will be bringing my husband along, too!
5	SO excited to have this amazing local donut shop in Matthews!!!  So damn tasty and incredible!  The dark chocolate espresso ganache donut is OUT OF THIS WORLD!  And the PB&J donut is ADDICTIVE!!!  You must find this place!!!  I will now have to do so much extra cardio, but will be so worth it!  Incredibly delicious donuts!!!  :-)  I will be back very soon!
3	These donuts are a good size. The texture is nice, dense but still fluffy. I tried 4 different flavors and I could not get pass the lard/bacon taste.
4	You're unique, divine and delish. Yesterday, my office catered these donuts for our monthly birthday celebration. What a nice change for cupcakes and cake. We had several different types to choose from... chocolate, caramel, fresh peaches, cinnamon. I tasted the cinnamon and chocolate, both were sweet a tasty. I'm happy to see a local bakery pop up. There are few and far in between in the Charlotte area.I'll have to keep  this place on my radar. The donuts are big, fluffy sugary and felt way more like a desert, but hey I'm not complaining. It's cool this place sticks to local ingredients. I would say their donuts are in between Dunkin's cakey taste and krispy Kreme's pure sugar taste.
5	This donut shop is as good as it gets! Their donuts are very large and square. I ordered a chocolate ganache donut this morning and it was one of the best donuts I have ever eaten. I loved the crispy bottom and the smooth chocolate on top. They have nice large tables where you can sit and enjoy a cup of coffee and do some reading if you wish and are located directly across the street from Stacks on Monroe Rd. in Matthews. I recommend getting there early though because once they are sold out that's it for the day. They are open every day except Monday.
4	Had to try them -- after so many years in Charlotte with a dearth of quality donuts. Verdict? They taste wholesome, insofar as a donut can. The raised dough is a good texture, the chocolate on the chocolate donuts is super-chocolatey. The salted caramel was actually a little more salty than caramel-y. That said, I might just be getting too old for foods like this, because I ate two donuts and felt like I might really have damaged myself. They're big, be warned. Would (cautiously) eat again, though!
5	The Mrs. and I decided to stop in at this new Donut shop this morning. Your Mom's Donuts is in the old Carbones Pizza and Wings Tavern location on Monroe Rd. The first thing you notice when you enter the shop is how large the place is then you see the large chalkboard behind the counter. Once inside we met the co-owners Benjamin and Courtney.Benjamin greeted us and told us about their flavors of the week (all of which are posted on their website). I get the feeling Benjamin likes to talk. I mean that in a good way, honestly. Both were very engaging and seemed incredibly nice.  The business started as a donut delivery service and opened their first storefront early this Summer.Enough about the owners, you are here for a donut review right? Well, the donuts are delicious, which may be an understatement, but it is the plain truth.They offer six different flavors which change weekly. We tried four of the six varieties. They were all quite good. I won't review the flavors because they will change weekly. The donuts are made from a brioche dough which is quite rich and melts in your mouth. Start with one at a time they will fill you up quickly. All of the donuts are made from mostly local products (flour, eggs, fruits, etc.)The coffee is also quite good and from a local Charlotte roaster. We had the medium roast that he ground and brewed for us while we waited. The roast was quite pleasant. Not burnt like so many other coffee houses.  I admire their commitment to local merchants, growers, and suppliers. They have a delicious product that fills the gourmet donut niche in Charlotte/Matthews.Lastly, the irony is that these are NOT your Mom's donuts!
5	Love this place!  Hand made donuts, and locally roasted coffee!  Cool donuts flavors like orange basil and ganache!
3	I want more from a local donut shop and I really hope they get there. Maybe a few more varieties. Was hoping the donut would be just a little crispier. Wish the donuts were just a little smaller. Felt like I was eating a piece of cake. Don't like paying $3 for a donut, no matter how big it is. I hope they invest a little bit in the interior, it's kind of drab. Play some music in the background instead of the news channel. Tilt the donuts up so customers can see them. Please clean the chalk marks off the floor and keep the coffee area organized. Owners were very engaging & friendly. They're off to a nice start & hope they grow.
5	The donuts are amazing and the story behind how they got started is the American dream come true. Husband and wife owner operator's are great people and the best donuts I've ever had. Donuts from smores to banana pudding donut. All organic ingredients and all of their ingredients are from local farms. This is a must place to come and eat. Oh, andddddd they deliver and you can pre-order online and you better cause they sell out everyday around 11am.
5	I must admit I am not a Krispy Kreme girl, or a commercially-made donut lover in general. I am more a homemade donut kind of girl. If that's what you like then this place is for you!  Donuts are made with locally sourced ingredients by small business owners. Donuts are pricy but absolutely worth it in my opinion. Flavors were all delish! I will go back when I'm ready for another indulgence.
4	Have been wanting to try this place for a while and finally made it. Arrived early enough on a Saturday where there will still a good selection of donuts. I am a purist and love a good glazed donut so I opted for that. I wanted to try another flavor but to donuts are HUGE and for the price didn't want to throw away a 1/2 eaten donut. The donut itself is very cake-like, the glaze had good flavor and was not overly sweet and the donut was not overly glazed. I took a few bites and left the rest sitting in the car while I ran some errands. A while later I decided to have some more donut and letting it sit in the warm car was the key to donut heaven! After sitting the glaze soaked into the donut and they were both nice and warm.. even the BF agreed it was even better than earlier. I can only imagine what a fresh from the kitchen donut tasted like there, drooling thinking about it.The prices are higher than a DD or KK, but you are paying for local ingredients, locally made product and not some pre-fab box/bag filled with ingredients you cannot pronounce donut. I suggest following them on FB so you can look at yummy donut of the day photos and most importantly know when they have sold out!
5	These are by far the best donuts I've had in my entire life. It's obvious they love what they do here.
3	I've been on the hunt for a good local donut place.  After asking some friends, I got the suggestion to go to Your Mom's Donuts.  So I went over on a Saturday and grabbed some donuts to go.Here are the pros about Your Mom's Donuts:- They switch out available flavors (six) weekly.  - They're HUGE!  It's almost more like a breakfast pastry than what most people are used to in a donut.- They do use local / state ingredients where possible (coffee is from a local Charlotte company, flour is from China Grove (I believe)).- Frankly, they're quite delicious.  Even though there are a multitude of positives, there is one great big drawback: it's freaking expensive!!  It's hard for me to justify spending $3 or $3.50 per donut (or $15 for a half-dozen or $24 for a dozen).  For comparision, a local donut place in Bozeman, MT sells donuts at $0.75 per donut.  I suppose if I approach it more as a full-blown breakfast pastry than as a donut, the price difference is a little easier to bear.  But not by much.
5	The BEST doughnuts around!  Great flavors and ingredients.  You'll be thinking of them a week later and needing to plan another visit!  Great gift idea for teachers. I think it might butter them up a bit... ;)
4	I first found Your Mom's Donuts on Instagram, before they had a store front. I'm happy to see that they're doing well in their new spot. Their donuts are a little pricey, but I don't mind because, 1-they're delicious and 2-they're huge. They offer new flavors every week and locally source their ingredients. The dough is not super sweet and the toppings/flavors are awesome. I've never ordered their coffee, but I'm sure it's great, too. The inside of their shop is boring. There isn't a lot in the way of atmosphere. But really, who cares? THEY MAKE BANGIN' DONUTS! :) My favorite from today's visit was the chocolate ganache pastry cream filled one. If you're going to drop by, a word of caution, go early. They sell out quickly. They get four instead of five stars for that reason. It's hard to spontaneously stop by, because they've likely already sold out. Happy eating.
