4	Just saw the New Indian Jones movie. On opening day.What a surprise, no line, at all.Theater 15. Wide open.Chairs are the best I've ever kicked back in. High backed chairs!!!!I'm a tall man, well if 6'4" is tall.. Very comfy indeed. Admittedly I did shift bun's, butt that is natural for my big arse.  A boring flick I could have easily nodded off.Not sure what sound system we had. Made you jump when it wanted too.Outside of the two guys up a couple rows giving their own narration on and off. Still a great escape from reality.Being on the outskirts must add to the lack of crowds I witnessed.Works for me. I'm sure in time though, crowds will find the 16?So maybe what I'm saying is DO NOT go to this theater?What would make my experience 5 Star?maybe a little sump'thin sump'thin in the backrow. wink wink.
1	I love the Red Rock Casino, but the kids have ruined this theater.  If you must go, don't look down.  The carpets are gross and really need a change.  Otherwise, they always have a good selection of movies, an IMAX theatre, and they even have a party room if you'd like to throw one there.
4	Went here today and it was pretty nice....other than the fact that you have to walk through a potentially smoke-filled casino to get to it, even that is mitigated by the fact that the ceiling is high and it has a very open feel.It's been a while since I've gone to see a movie, and $7.75 for a matinee is a good reason why.But that being said, the theatre was clean, organized and the seating was good.an overall good experience.. and it was even a good movie too
4	The other Regal on Sahara is usually my go-to movie spot, but my girlfriend and I wanted to see Bruno last night and it wasn't playing there, so we ended up at Regal Red Rock.  For some reason I have always had negative memories of this theater, but it's just fine.  I saw Batman Returns in IMAX on opening night, so give it up for 3am showings!  The chairs are super comfortable, too.  Only complaint I have is it's a little pricier than the other theaters as it's in a casino.  But convenience is the key if you want to grab a beer after while playing video poker.
4	I'm generally pleased by my experiences with Regal Cinemas in Red Rock.  It's a little pricey, but not outrageously so, walking through a smoky casino is never enjoyable. There is, however, a back way where you can leave the parking garage and take an elevator to directly circumvent that.  Also, it's close to home, which makes for a quick and easy trip.The theaters are nice, and clean.  They have digital projection screens and also 3D movie viewings there.  The sound is great, and if you pick a day that isn't busy, or come early, you can get good seating.  And the seats are comfortable enough to relax through those longer movies.  In the lobby, the staff seems friendly enough.  I don't need a lot to have "good" service.  I just want someone to make an effort to help me, or look out for me if there's a concern, and to date, my experiences have been pleasant.I even appreciate their huge standees in the lobby that are ripe for photo ops.  Currently, there is an "Alvin and the Chipmunks" statue in their lobby, and if you can't have fun with that and a camera phone, then you're just dead inside. My only real issue with my experiences there are the ticket prices, and moreso, the concession prices.  If you get more than a standard popcorn and soda, prepare to pay just as much, if not more than a standard restaurant meal.But if you want a good looking and sounding theater experience, Regal Cinemas will definitely suit your needs.
3	Red Rock is never my first choice of movie cinemas, but we'll go there if need be.  The prices are pretty standard Vegas cinema prices, and the food is standard movie theater food.  I have three problems with this cinema, though, that make me prefer Aliante, Town Square, or Santa Fe. First, the restroom is really far from many of the theaters.  For some reason, our movie is always towards the end of the hall, and they didn't put the restroom in the middle.  If you have to go during the movie, it's a hike to get there, which means missing more of the movie.  They should have put in 2 smaller restrooms instead of one huge one.  Second, the hand dryers are wimpy and take forever.  Another issue when you've got a movie to get back to.Third, many of the seats are broken.  You would think that a pretty, clean, new-ish cinema would be in good repair, but I've had to move seats a few times because the good ones were broken.  All-in-all, not a great theater experience, especially with so much competition in the area.
4	One of our favorite theaters here in Vegas. Large, spacious seating compared to some others. Also has large screens and a good sound system to enjoy your movie watching experience.
4	i dont go here that often because there are other theatres that are closer but i actually like going here. Their theatres are nice and spacious and i love the convenience of having trop. smoothies right there so i could sneak it in the movies;)buttt the people that work there really need to chill or something. They look like they hate the world while doing their jobs. SMILE! at least fake it lol.
4	This place gets annihilated on the weekends! It is bananas (B-A-N-A-N-A-S Gwen Stefani style)! But, there are many features that I like about this theater. First off, it is not far from the parking lot. So whenever I am running late for a movie, it is not too far of a walk. Secondly, it is right next to the arcade and the food court.I use the machines (they have three) to purchase tix when it is busy; it is much faster than standing in that loooong line. The lines for food are even longer, so try to eat at the food court or the restaurants across the street prior to your movie. Overall, I like this theater and since it is in casino, there are many activities to do afterward for the 21+ crowd.
4	Red Rock is now my cinema of choice. I've always liked their screens and overall convenience (parking garage, quick access off 215, etc), but I've tended toward seeing films at Town Square of late. However, that changed when I discovered that Red Rock now features 4K projectors. Honestly, the difference is only something a true videophile would notice. For most of us common folk, you'd have to see a 4K and a 2K image side-by-side, and even then probably not notice a difference. I'm sure it's mostly psychological, but I definitely appreciate the video quality here.The sound quality is also very good. I saw Inception on opening weekend and I was blown away by the clarity and depth of the audio. Unfortunately, I saw the film again today and there were some very loud pops. I'm not sure of the cause, but it was annoying. Outside of those few moments, the audio was again ear-blowing! (That sounds a little weird).Apart from my geeky reaction to their 4K projectors, everything else about Red Rock is pretty standard. The snacks are just as overpriced. Fortunately, they clean and maintain the theaters fairly well. (Read: I haven't experienced any sticky floors).On a side note: I believe that The Palms has the only "true" IMAX screen in the greater Las Vegas area. This is irrelevant to me though, because most films aren't shot in IMAX. The same goes for 3D. I much prefer to see a film in glorious digital 4K than dark and overpriced 3D.
2	I like the fact that there is a movie theater in this casino. I take my mom and relatives here to gamble and I can't keep up with them so it's nice to have something else to do. Last night I went to see The Other Guys (funny movie) . I purchased the tickets when the movie was already starting so I ask the cashier, "Is there a lot of seats left?" He said there was but when I walked in there wasn't... we were lucky to find four seats together that were not in the whiplash section. I only come to this movie theater when it's convenient because based on my past experiences I prefer not to. The one that stands out in my mind is when I tried to see Alice In Wonderland in IMAX and they blocked off all of the good seats. When we asked the staff who those seats were for they couldn't tell us. I thought they could at least give us a reason . We left because I'm not going to pay good money to sit in crappy seats when there are perfectly good seats available. I know it happened a while ago but I still hold a little grudge.
3	Not bad for a theater.Never had any issues here at all.  It's in a convenient location and the matinees are a good deal.Just eat before you watch the movie at the food court located right outside the theaters and you won't pay ridiculous prices for food.
3	Went to see The Expendables tonight.  Line to get in moved fast. kudos to the mgr for staffing.  As expected, popcorn and a drink would have bought 2 more tkts.  The popcorn tasted bagged, burnt, with only a ration of fake butter.  Geez, if they're gonna gouge you, it could at least be tasty!  On the upside, the theater was relatively clean and free of debris.  It was a little too warm inside until the ac clicked on as the movie trailers began (so visitors, you'll be just fine wearing shorts into the movie in the summer). After watching a decent action packed movie stallone style, found the visit to the restrooms surprisingly clean and stocked with automatic soap and fans instead of paper for hand drying.  I know it's all about the big screen and seeing 1st run movies, but I can make awesome popcorn at home and enjoy it over and over on demand alot cheaper than 50 bucks.
3	The Skinny: this theatres okay - relatively clean with decent seats but it's the location, the free tickets and movie passes, and the Costco coupons which bring me back.We normally don't head out to the theatres often unless there's something we feel would be best viewed on a large screen.  When we do head out, we usually hit the theatres at Red Rock due to its proximity to home.A couple of things that Regals cinemas does well - rewards and accepts Costco discounted coupons. With the rewards program, we receive items like free popcorn, free drinks and free movie tickets. We usually hit a matinee which is less than the cost of a Costco discounted coupon. But occasionally, we do get called for an evening show and it is nice not to pay full price.
5	This place is great, 5 stars all the way. Everything about the Red Rock is awesome. The Regal is great, the pool is great, the hotel is great I really like this place.
2	I'm a sucker for the things they charge extra for at movies: terribly-priced snacks, IMAX and THE THIRD-DIMENSION.I should know better by now than to see an IMAX 3D movie anywhere besides Brenden Theaters inside the Palms, but unfortunately the new Resident Evil movie wasn't on the big(gest) screen there a couple nights ago. So, to Red Rock we went.I can deal with the fact that I'm paying fifteen dollars per ticket to see an "IMAX" movie on a screen that is not up to full IMAX specifications, but what I will not abide is these shoddy little yellow plastic 3D glasses. You can put all the beautiful pictures you want on the screen, but they're all going to look like shit through a piece of window tint that just got lazily windexed after its previous wearer discarded it.This goes for all the other Regal Cinemas locations in town who pull the same garbage, too. If those fancy custom 3D "real sunglasses" type deals weren't so darn expensive, I'd probably just bite the bullet and grab a pair to save myself the frustration of poor 3D effects caused by cloudy, scratched film in front of my retinas.This theater is pretty good if you're not seeing a 3D / IMAX movie, but when I go to the movies it's usually for just that. So, two stars.
3	I have stayed at the Red Rock several times and this was my first time watching a movie.  I always say that it would be a good way to take a break from gambling (or distract us for a few hours, however you want to look at it).  After filling our bellies at the breakfast buffet we wandered over to the theater side of the casino to see what was playing.Not many movies sound better than gambling, but there was one movie on the list that made the cut, The Town.  Ben, bank robberies, action, romance, what's not to like?So, the first time in this theater, and it was pretty nice.  Clean.  Snacks were typical movie theater price (expensive).  My favorite part was the seats.  They have a little rock to them which made such a difference.  Other theaters seats seam to have to curve to them, almost making me slouch, therefore killing my back at the end of 90-120 minutes.Overall, I'd go back . . . if the movie was good enough to drag me away from the other fun at Red Rock.
4	The Regal Cinemas at Red Rock are like the Cheesecake Factory:  Reliable, big, clean and slightly expensive for what you get.  The good: Theater seats are very comfortable and spacious, parking is easy, lines move fast, good selection of movies including an IMAX, large bathrooms.The bad: Concessions are expensive...even more so it seems than other theater chains, the place is always frigid and the crowd is a bit uncouth on the weekends.  I recently have seen The Town, Social Network and Jackass 3-d all midweek and each got a pretty good crowd but definitely not as big as the weekends.  Its a complete zoo on weekends.  My advice is to come to an earlier show and then grab a bite at the Casino afterwards rather than before.  Or play bingo...you might need the winnings to help your wallet recoup its losses after a popcorn and large soda.  Overall its my cinema of choice in Las Vegas if for nothing else it always has what I need and its close.  Buying the tickets at Costco for a discount also helps too.  Cheesecake Factory isnt going to win any awards and neither is the Regal at Red Rock but you'll never go home unsatisfied.
4	Nice theaters, quick lines to get tickets.  The prices for goodies are outrageous.  Almost five dollars for a bottle of water!  Candy that costs more than the movie tickets!  I feel like I'm getting clipped here.  The theaters are good, they keep them clean and the staff is always nice and professional.  Overall a five star movie going experience if you don't have to pay highway robbery prices for snacks.  Five stars for the staff and zero stars for the overpriced snacks.
4	nice theater. its nestled in the red rock casino. the theater was clean. so were the bathrooms. it wasn't too crowded when my friends and i came to see a movie on sunday which was nice. i'd definitely come back.
5	What I really like about this theater is that its not isolated on the other side of the casino and not a far walk from the parking garage. If we happen to get there a bit early, we'll hit up one of the places in the food court to eat, (most of the time, I'm taking in a taco or two because the snack bar in the theaters is ridiculous. $18.75 for a large popcorn and two large drinks combo. Yes, you save money with that combo but since when did a large popcorn cost you 8 bucks? Seriously. ha ha. After the movie is done, while you play some credits, you can stick the kiddies in the Arcade (if their open) The express ticket machines are really convenient :) Especially if the lines are uber long!
3	Red Rock Casino got it all, yo! I like their food court, their outdoor areas, their swimming pool area, the restaurants, but the theater! Great! Awesome! _________!! (Fill in with positive adjective.)My only thing that kills me is how busy it can get with the younger crowd. I'm not a teenager hater (that sounds so bad!), but I've been between a gun-fight in a parking lot, chair-kicking, and straight up attitude problems. Especially on a Friday or Saturday night. I love the location and easy access from the 215 beltway though! There are a bunch of theaters here (16, to be exact, lol) so most of the big movie are here. My gf and I like to going to Regal theaters because of the Regal card. We get free popcorn, drink upgrades, and sometimes free tickets.It's bit far from where I live, but near enough to the freeway for me to suck it up and drive to. After the movie, depending on what time you go, there's a bunch of eats inside the casino and across the street. With Red Rock's latest addition to their palette with Yard House and Island Burger or BJ's across the street, Regal Red Rock is a prime location with plenty of options to supplement a good movie! I'll be here from time to time so yes, I'll be back. Not on a Friday night though. Or a Saturday.
3	I really like this Regal Cinema location. Conveniently located in the Red Rock Casino amongst a plethora of dining choices and slot machines, you couldn't ask for more in a locals movie theater. Don't forget your Regal Cinema rewards card and your Entertainment Book coupons! My only complaint, and I think this is true for EVERY movie theater, is the concession stand line. The employees are slow. C'mon people! Hurry up! It's just popcorn, soda and boxes of candy, really??!?! Tips: *buy your tix on Fandango and print them out at a kiosk to avoid the line *buy your tix directly from the kiosks just to the left (or was it right...?) of the ticket booth *bring a coupon from the 2011 Entertainment Book to save $2 per person *don't let them con you into the "next size up" for drinks and popcorn...it's always too much (PS the Medium soda is HUGE!) Seats are comfy, theater seemed clean, prices are high, but we all know that... Overall, a great venue to catch a movie with your sweetie on a Friday Date Night or bring the kiddos for a Sunday matinee
3	This place gets the job done.......I'm mean I'm just there to see a movie, right?!?!?Why I like it:~LARGE theaters.........plenty of prime seating (a.k.a. seats with rails in front of them to act as my foot rest!~MANY, many concession stands........even though my favorite options are never available.  Whatever.~Pretty great food court nearby: Rubio's, Capriottis, Villa Pizza, Tropical Smoothie, Starbucks, Ben & Jerrys, and Panda (I think?)!~Free standing ticket kiosks to avoid the line.Why it's not my first choice:~STUDENTS students everywhere........I see you five days a week, I'd like my days off to myself, thank you!   =)  Yeah, it's my own personal problem, I understand this.~BUSY...........while I go there for comfort and convenience, apparently so dose everyone else.
5	I have usually gone to Regal Village Square, but today I wanted to see True Grit and it was not playing at Village Square.  I'm now hooked on Red Rock Stadium 16.  The colors are so much more vivid and the sound quality is stunning!  The seats are quite comfortable with their small rocking ability.The staff was quite friendly--very welcoming and helpful.  The place still has that new appearance even though it's more than 5 years old.  It's great being able to go to a movie when it's not summertime and during the day when there are no little kiddies around, for the most part.  The 7 of us here today really enjoyed ourselves!I'll be back.
4	i completely agree with misti. i was reminded last night how crowded it can get. i watch movies during the weekdays just to avoid crowds, but i couldn't wait to watch battle:LA last night... i waited in line 10 minutes to purchase tickets and another 10 minutes to get goodies. red rock casino is definitely a hot spot for families and for parents to drop their kids off at. i don't mind the waiting and i think it's mostly because i get a lot of bang for my buck. it's a newer, nice, always clean, and convenient theater.
5	Our favorite spot for a movie.  The key is to be a member of the regal crown club.  It's free! You get loads of freebies for being an avid moviegoer like free tickets, free, popcorn, soda, candy...or reduced prices in the aformentioned.Popcorn is always good here.  Theaters are clean, modern, and comfy.  The downside is the potty is quite a hike after you travel down that long hall to the theaters.  An emergency break could cost you 5-6 minutes of viewing time!
2	As a big film buff, I find myself jaded with most of the current films released widely, so I don't often go to the theaters that much.  However, for certain big releases on 3D IMAX (like Tron, and Avatar), I will make the investment to go.  So for that reason, the bulk of this review is towards the IMAX experience, and at this theater, as you can tell, it's not a good one.First of all, the glasses are HORRIBLE.  They give you these cheap, flimsy looking yellow plastic pieces of crap.  If you're lucky, they'll give you a pair where the lenses are still in a protective covering, but it's not uncommon for the staff to hand you used pairs for whatever reason.  The temple arms (sides) of the glasses literally squeeze the sides of your head, and damned if you try to loosen them from their vice grip because if you do, they will snap.  And the "lenses" are horrible and make the picture look like ass.  I don't understand why when I see Real3D films in standard projection that we get grey glasses that are sturdier, nicer, and are actually in a FULL WRAPPER.  Yes, unlike the yellow pieces of crap that are given for IMAX films, where only the lenses are in wrapping, the whole pair is in a wrapper.  I find it ironic that the 3D glasses for standard films are of a much higher quality than the glasses for an IMAX film.  Why do they do that?Finally, this actually happened during a midnight screening of Tron.  The theater was sold out, and about 15 minutes to showtime, an usher comes in and advises people not to sit in the "red seats" on the bottom sides of the theater, because those don't have the 3D effect.  What the hell?  Are you kidding me?  You charge for a 3D IMAX film, and you sell all the seats, FOR A 3D FILM, but yet not all the seats have a 3D effect?  Are you kidding me?  Thank God I came very early, because I wasn't warned of this when I bought my ticket.  Yes, I understand that in the past not all IMAX movies were in 3D, but now practically every single on is, so why not make EVERY SEAT able to see the 3D effect?  If I was stuck in one of those seats, I would raise hell to get a refund.Bottom line, the IMAX experience blows.  If you want to see a regular movie, by all means it's a good theater.  Find somewhere else for your IMAX experience.
5	5 stars for the VIP BOOTH! yes ..VIP! this weekend, me and some friends enjoyed a free stay at red rock with the comp 'everythang' from hotel, buffet, cafe, movies, vip parking pass, etc. we were able to invite some friends to watch a comp movie. we chose FAST 5 and we were escorted by a man in suit (lol) to the vip elevators, we all never been to a vip movie booth. and it was amaaze! the booth held about 25 people (fits more if you put up the arm rests) recliners instead of the regular movie theater chairs, soundproof glass that separated us from the rest of the audience, a personal bar with sodas and water and adjustable sound system. the host explained that we were able to order anything from the cafe and it'll be sent to us during movie (wish we did it!) oh and the lights turned on it was fun surprising the audience when the movie was over!! fast 5 was a great choice for all us being that it was our 1st time in a movie booth. how did he get this comp? idk? but i'm so down for another vip booth experience! =)
5	Customer service here has always been good but on a recent visit to see a newer show, I tried to use a free ticket I earned via the Regal Crown Club. I wasn't sure if they would accept an out of state ticket but the manager handled the situation quickly. Even though I wasn't able to see the movie I wanted, I was happy to just see a movie. I will recommend this theater to friends in the future and through Yelp.
4	This theater is huge! When it first opened we were here regularly until Aliante opened up. The theater is always clean and the staff are very friendly. I enjoy coming to this theater but forget the long drive.
5	I love watching movies at Red Rock. My only problem is that the restrooms don't have paper towels, and the energy efficient hand dryers take forever. It is funny to watch everyone wiping their hands on their pants or shirts to finish the job. Please put some paper towels in the restrooms.
2	Ok this is my main theatre of choice due to its location, its general convenience and its lack of "ghettoness"amongst other things. After my recent visit though, thats probably going to change. Seriously guys,  this 2 star review is directed towards you, management!Upon my recent visit I came to the calculated and quite shocking conclusion that you guys simply need to pay your teenage staff more wages. Why? You may ask in disbelief. Well aside from every single staff member I encountered along the way to my theatre, (5  employees to be exact) literally every one of them spoke and acted like they wanted to kill themselves. I understand jobs can be monotonous and quite frankly, boring as hell but this was like a "are you f-ing serious?!" moment. I felt like I was interacting with the living dead. Any sign of hope, ambition, or happiness was completely void in their lumbering lifeless bodies. When I got to my theatre it was somewhat humorous though, like "the icing on the cake" in that the previews didnt start till 15 minutes after the scheduled time on the tickets. I dont know, maybe the projectionist was out on a smoke break. Whatever. But back back to my suggestion of paying your staff better wages. Do it. I'm sure they'll start to pep up or at least start to care more. That, or take the responsibility of being a manager(s) and get your impotent customer service up.
4	This is one of the few theaters I'll go to in town.  Mainly because it's always clean, modern, has the comfy chairs that recline, awesome DTS sound, and an IMAX screen.  I like the stadium seating and the wide rows too.  It ensures you won't have someones big head in your way obstructing the screen, and when someone needs to leave the aisle they're not brushing their junk against you as they walk by.I rarely go to the theater, I just have a hard time sitting still for that long of a time.  So when I do go, I always pick the weekdays in order to navigate around the crowds...the last thing I want to do on my rare theater visit is wait in huge lines and get stuck in one of the first rows of the theater house on opening day of the movie I want to see.  On the weekdays I never have this problem, so that's my tip to everyone, just wait until after the weekend to beat the crowds!
5	Two words, "Regal Club".  Join this free club and get a nice break every time you go to the show & buy concessions.  In a few visits, you are on your way to "Free" popcorn, sodas & movie tix.With 16 cinemas at Red Rock Casino, they should have the movie you want to see at the time you want to see it.
5	Love this movie theater 5min from home.  Always friendly,clean and the right the room temperature.  Laugh if you want I still remember I almost froze at brenden theaters.  Sucks to pay good money for a great movie and movie theaterto F it up. Red Rock is perfect
3	This theater is pretty cool, but the food area is damn expensive. Well what should I expect all theater popcorn, dogs, nachos, candy etc. is WAAAY over priced, so I expect you guys to eat before coming here or maybe sneak in some food from the food court. Other than that, the overall theater is awesome their seats are comfortable yada yada. Regal cinemas are pretty much all the same and movie theaters are pretty much all the same because we pretty much go to movie theaters for the movie and that's about it, so can't really rate this place any higher.
4	I see practically all of my movies here. Clean, comfy, stadium seats. Make sure you join their awards program, called "Regal Crown Club." Simply show the card when you pay at the front or swipe it if you buy tickets at one of their cool, fast kiosks next to the ticket  windows, and you can earn points towards free popcorn and movies, which is sweet.The place is ginormous, with16 screens, but I hate it when I am in one of back theaters, cause God forbid you might have to use the bathroom during the film and you gotta walk a mile, to and fro...but I digress. I've never experienced a problem with sound or projection, staff is always friendly, and their popcorn is pretty damn good, although I'm not sure what kind of oil they pop it in, if it's healthy or not. I should know, so I could put that in this review, but then you'd probably think I was a real psycho for even bringing it up. Whatever. I'll probably ask next time I'm there. All and all, a great theater. Maybe I'll see you, AT the movies!!
5	Came here to see the final in the Harry Potter series. It's a modern theater, tucked in the back of the Red Rock Casino, but you probably already knew that. They have the IMAX theaters, stadium seating, several spots for people in wheelchairs and their companions, which is awesome. Right smack dab in the middle of the theater. The theater is clean, and the employees are polite. Basically, this is your standard run of the mill modern theater. It has all the features you want, and seems to be well run. Seemed to be fairly low on the obnoxious, loud teen factor as well, at least the time I went.The only thing I DON'T like about this place is, it's expensive as hell! But just about every theater is these days, right?
4	Overall nice place with new and modern seats, screens and good service.  They need to serve a bigger food menu with some healthy options, also beer and wine would be nice.Wayne Gorsek
4	Really improving. Nice staff these days!
3	Movie theater, a difference option from the bar or lounge scene.
5	Love this theater. It is located in a great casino and easy access from the parking garageTip: park in the left parking garage (when facing the casino/resort)Everything else is pretty much like other movie theaters, but they have comfy seats and everything is kept up pretty well (since Red Rock is still fairly new). Not to mention they also have a photo-booth outside the theater :) And another tip: if you see the first show of a movie of the day its only $5 !
5	A movie theater is usually the same as any other movie theater around town. However, I think this theater at the Red Rock is much nicer than the one that is closer to my home, which is the one at Village Square.What I like about this movie theater:-Clean-Friendly employees-Stadium seating and reclining seats-IMAX-$8 matinees-$5 movies Monday - Friday before noon!-for the most part, parking is not a problemWhat I don't like:-Food is expensive-If you order a small drink, they don't exactly fit well into the cup holders. If you want to avoid the crowds, I would recommend buying tickets to the early shows. Also, if you go to the movies fairly often, it is worth it to join the Regal Crown Club for free. You earn points towards free popcorn, drinks, discounts off candy, and free movie tickets. I watch most of my movies here, so I will definitely be back again!
5	saw Lion King as a reward to the kiddo for studying hard on spelling words...I am by no means a movie theater enthusiast; quite the contrary. Anyway, as far as theaters go, it was clean, stylish, the seats were super comfy for movie seats, sound was great, no skipping, easy to navigate,etc. I had a pleasant experience, even tho I hate going to the movies...it was at least a "family event".Oh also, we were able to buy tix at a kiosk, which prevented us frustration in line, with absolutely no wait. It did help that we knew which movie and showing we were there for! ;)
4	Every time I come to Vegas and want to go to the movies, I come to Regal Cinemas at Red Rock. When I come to Vegas with my mom, we go to Regal Cinemas at Red Rock. It's comfortable, clean, friendly staff, fairly quiet (since mainly locals come to this theatre) and comfortable. All theatres reclining seats and are stadium seating style. Great sound system and picture quality. As many times as I've come to this theatre, I have never had an issue with the quality of the film that we were watching. They serve good food here at Regal. I ended up going with the chicken tenders and mom went with a bag of popcorn and a hot dog. No complaints from either of us.Overall we enjoyed ourselves. Well we always enjoy ourselves every time we go out.. No matter where it is. But we will definitely be back. Oh.. be sure you sign up for a Regal card. It's free and you can acquire lots of goodies (free drinks, popcorn, etc) through points for everything that you pay for while giving the cashiers your card for tickets and food.
5	Very good place.  Nice screens , sound, chairs, etc.  And a welcome break from Casinos.
4	I believe this theater meets my needs for big blockbuster movies. But, I look every Friday for independent movies and no, only blockbusters. Couldn't we have one indie movie? The line gets very long, so buy your tickets using the kiosks. If you sign up for the regal card, you get free movies. But, once you earn the free movie, you can only use it on old movies.
4	Came here last night to watch "Puss in Boots" (I'm a kid at heart!) and enjoyed the comfy stadium style seating and clean theatre.  It's a movie theatre!  What more to say?  I like coming here as I'm a local and it's fairly quiet, not overrun by frazzled and confused tourists.
5	Great movie selection. Good pop corn, clean theater and good customer service.
4	Movies on turkey day is great. First time in this theater and it was great. As much as i go to the movies, I think I need a part-time job working there.
4	Tom Cruise- Mission Impossible - Must see! It's only on here and only on IMAX. So really big screen, great sound and expensive tickets. $17-50 adults and $13-50 for kids. Plus concessions & tip for valet, expensive Sunday afternoon. It's always busy here for new movies so get here early, we were here 20 minutes before scheduled start time so probably 40 minutes before the movie and we got the last seats in the upper level. Everyone after us sat in the front and I could see their necks being cricked from my seat. Nice and clean theatre , I like it. Oh and as expected Tom Cruise did a lot of very fast running and hitting people,
5	There are theaters and then there is a the Regal Cinemas 16 aka Red Rock Stadium. I can't think of too many theaters that top this one in Las Vegas, at least not the ones showcasing mainstream film. It's probably no mistake this theater is located in  Summerlin, all while adding to the already superstar property in the Red Rock (http://www.yelp.com/biz/red-rock-casino-resort-and-spa-las-vegas-2#hrid:xHArSOVpxZ5XdGP4sMVLUg)Movie ticket prices aren't as spendy as some crosstown location spots, most of which don't have the cushy seats, stadium seating, and pixel perfect digital projections like this one. Service has always been on point, which for concession stands and crowd control, is a near miracle in some parts.I think what makes this Regal theater stand out is the fact it's in a casino. In addition to Red Rock Lanes (http://www.yelp.com/biz/red-rock-lanes-las-vegas), this place serves as another family friendly option in a resort that just seems to have a little bit of everything. For all of you high rollers out there, I highly recommend the VIP booths in the theater (inquire with your casino host / vip services), it's a real plus when catching a flick in LV's best theater.
5	My go-to theatre in Vegas when I want to see a popular movie close to it's release date. We walked up to the window for Harry Potter 7.0 and got great seats for 4 all in a row. No tourist crowds here means general availability year-round :)Fun Tranny Fact: There are Family (non-gendered, single room) Restrooms
4	This is my favorite theater and usually my first choice when planning a movie night. Granted the lines for tickets and concessions can be long but they always have enough kids working to keep the lines flowing.The positives:Lots of theaters so lots of movie choices.Free large popcorn and large coke refill (you must buy together to get the coke refill) In the awesome Red Rock so you can do dinner/movie, movie/bingo, movie/clubbing, and all sorts of combinations of fun.Very comfortable seats.Close to parking garageThe negatives:So big you may have a looooong walk from your theater to the bathroom or concession stand Crowds/linesI was bit by a spider during Eat Love Pray last year. I thought I felt something on my arm so I shook it. About 15 minutes later, I felt an intense stinging/burning and it welted up really badly. I had to leave and go get ice to put on it. I did file a complaint but all they said was "Oh well we spray every month."If it weren't for the spider bite I'd give them 5 stars.
4	A movie theater should have multiple showings, plenty of snacks, and comfortable seating and Regal at Red Rock satisfies all those requirements.  I've never had an issue with the seating or finding a showing that fits my schedule.  The upside to this location versus so many others is that it has ample concession staff so even if you show up 15 minutes before the show you can always get your goodies and find a great seat.
5	Nice place to see a movie! Also it's only one of few places that run movies after 11:30pm
3	This theatre is generally clean and quick with lines and service. Like all theatres, they are overpriced on everything, and I will be glad when we can watch movies from home!
3	The reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because Regal Cinemas has to do something about people who use their phones during the movies. It really ruins the experience. They have decent customer service and clean theaters, but the phones that blind you while your watching a movie is beyond annoying. The theaters at Suncoast Casino theaters have a more aggressive no tolerance approach to the use of phones. Please do something because I love going to the movies.
4	Red Rock possesses everything to be a true stadium seating experience. The theaters are huge and the seats are plush. I quickly sank in to watch the remake of Johnny Deeps first starring role. Monday nights are never very crowded so getting the time you want is not a problem. For large movie releases, it is smart to come early to get seats. I am already cringing at the thought of the cornucopia of mayhem for Hunger Games. It is sure to be a bloodbath. Then again, it is every man for themselves. Just don't get outsmarted by crazy fast foxy girls. If one must pay full price to see a movie then Red Rock delivers the superior experience. The sound system, picture quality, and comfy factor all adds up in their favor.
4	Had a very good time at this theater.  I visited while being a hotel guest at the Red Rock Hotel.  I loved the quality of the sound and the video of this theater and I appreciated the fact that it was not very crowded!
3	Sigh, remember the days where you didn't have to take a loan out to go to the movies with the family?  I swear I saw them run a credit check before allowing someone to buy popcorn. (just kidding).  If the prices keep rising, I will have to send my daughter to community college.To heck you say, fork out the dough and lets go to the movies.  What is there to like about this Regal?  It is cleaner than most, has a great party area for kids parties, has several IMAX and 3D screens, is right next to Kids' Quest, the food court and the Arcade so if you want to see a PG-13 or above movie, there is a place to put the kids for about the same or less as a babysitter would cost.  The stadium seating is better than most Regals in that the seats are each set high enough there is never a sight line issue and there is plenty of room between the rows to stretch your legs.  They always have the latest hit movies and plenty of movie times.Why does this theater only get three stars? Well once you are in the theater, any Regal is the same.  However I am certain the prices here are between 1-3 dollars more than the other Regal on Sahara although I haven't actually double checked that, it just seems I spend more at this Regal.  The lines here are 2-3 times as long as the lines at the other Regal.  Finally, the 3D glut has hit hard here and it seems 1/2 the theaters are 3D meaning you pay more.  I personally hate 3D movies as it seems like more of a gimick.  I don't mind it when the movie is specially made for 3D with lots of objects coming at you as part of the story but when you take Gone with the Wind and make it 3D, you just can't take the movie seriously.  I am waiting for 3D porn on the bigscreen so you can duck under some 36DDD's. On second thought, the other things you might see made me change my mind, (ugh).Bottom line - a good place to see a first run movie but get a Regal Club Card so you can get free tickets, popcorn and drinks.  It pays off!
4	I went to this theater yesterday for a midnight IMAX showing of the avengers. I showed up many hours early and spent most of the day waiting in line near the ticket podium. I found that the place was cleaned often every time someone dropped a piece of popcorn there would be someone to clean up within minutes. I found that the people there to be friendly and the service to be good. The concession prices are like any theater expensive but if you get a large drink you can have as many refills as you want. However there are other food places steps away outside the theater in the casino. They will allow you to eat outside food in line while waiting for a movie but not past the ticket podium. I also think I should point out while waiting in line I found it very hard to get a decent cell signal to help pass the 13 hour wait on my iphone. If they want to be a 5 star place they really could use a WiFi option when you have a crowd waiting for a movie to start in a few hours.
1	The service continues to get worse... The lines, the long lines, and all of the unhappy employees ...scream poor management. The theatre we were in was packed with trash and spilled food. They were definitely understaffed to handle the Avengers release. They should space out their movies to allow for more time to clean them. There was no reason to return to this dirty theatre... Prices for everything too high for poor service and a dirty business
5	This is my favorite place in town to watch movies. Parking is convenient, I like the option to eat at the food court situated right outside the entrance, and the staff has always been friendly. In the past I've needed to ask for refunds due to no-shows and have been here for blockbuster opening nights when the place is simply crazy, and they're always on the ball. They also seem to take pride in keeping the place (including the restrooms) clean - a massive undertaking when you have a ton of kids running around!
4	I truly like this theater a lot! I really like their sound system which is for sure a lot better than some of the other theaters in town.My boyfriend took us to see the The Avengers, as it was action packed the sound is important. I could hear the bass from every explosion, the gut wrenching feeling and sound of every twist and turn of a building being demolished.This theater is consistently fresh, clean and always air conditioned well to make your movie experience comfortable. Have you ever been in a stuffy hot smelly theater watching a movie, yeah no thanks buddy! We got a large soda to share, $5 bucks. Free refills. Thank you Regal cinema located at Red Rock hotel and Casino for having such an awesome movie theater to enjoy the latest releases at.
4	Good theater.Nothing exciting.Clean for the most part.
5	CLEAN and FRIENDLY !! Yes I love this place. Prices a bit high but worth the great seating options.
5	IMAX here blows your socks off...especially if it's in 3 freakin' D!  excellent location for a theater inside Red Rock Casino.  located at the very end of the food court...can't miss it.  very friendly staff...which you would expect paying $17.50 to see an IMAX movie.  in any case, i'll be back!
5	This is our go to theater (second one is Santa Fe Station) Love this place, the seats are nice and big, comfortable seating! The snack bar is cool too. Prices would be better if they offered a military or local discount.
3	I saw Permethius in RealD3D $15 for the ticket, $5 for a drink $5 for popcorn. ARE YOU NUTS!!!! $25 for one person  I don't care how many times you want to sit there and say the "economy" stop with the excuses. You are flat out over priced just like every other movie theatre.  I know theatres don't make much money from the actual movie, and they make it from concessions but I've said it sooo many times, people would buy MORE product if your prices are more reasonable.  I also had my hands full with my drink and popcorn, I couldn't go through the line to go down the wallway to the theatre because they hadn't cleaned it yet. Well what the hell was the difference?? When the movie was over, and the lights came on, I found out all they did was sweep ALL the trash under all the seats. I almost took a picture to show a manager how unacceptable that is however it was almost 2 a.m. when my movie got out and I just wanted to go home.  The movie and the theatre itself was just fine and no problems at all.   It's ok though I rarely goto a movie theatre and now I have a 3d t.v at home (I already have a great surround sound system) so guess what, I can have several people over to watch a 3d movie for only $7 and it won't cost me all that money for a drink and popcorn at home.
2	For this place being located in such a nice area, I was expecting better.  The seats were awful.  There was a metal bar in the back of my seat cushion.  It's a little on the older side.  They offer a military discount.
2	Love the movies, typically love Regal at the Red Rock however the customer experience has slipped over the last few months.  Movies are advertised to open seating-wise 30 minutes before show-time.  Several times in the last month we get the "you'll have to step aside, the theatre is not ready" talk.  I get it, sometime things go wrong and you have to wait but it's getting pretty consistent.  Part of the aggravation is how the employees handle it, rudely and when the theatre is finally ready, they just forget to tell the people waiting..nice.  I have a larger family and we take the time to get there early enough so we can choose seating for us, lately it seems we are a inconvenience to Regal...
5	We go to this location and the other Regal at Village Square. I love the rewards card. We used the card before we had kids and we never received anything and now with a family of 4 tickets and snacks we always get a free ticket or a free soda or popcorn.I love this location because it's close to my house, it's a Regal, and the theater is super clean and up to date.There is also a huge food court next to the theater that offers plenty of food.I love you Regal!
5	Best movie theater in town! Great comfortable seating and the price for snacks wasn't too bad at all! The hot dogs, nachos, and popcorn were all good at fresh. Very nice theater.
5	One of the better concessions and clean movie theaters.. Love the Kids Quest too for having a couple hours with my girl
5	love this theatre. its clean, nearby my house, located inside red rock, perfect for a relaxing day off
1	I purchased one of the Groupons for Regal Cinema and tried to use it tonight. The Groupon was for two tickets, but the clerk only could redeem one (1) movie.   She went to get a manager.  The manager also did not know how to redeem the 2nd ticket.  She agreed that I had purchased two tickets on Groupon, but informed me that I would need to contact Groupon to sort the issue.   This s was my first time at these cinemas and although I like the actual theater, I will not be returning. I find it ridiculous that not even the manager knew how to redeem a Groupon for their product.  Also, she agreed that I HD paid for two and to make me battle it out with Groupon is annoying.  Whatever happened to making the customer happy?  I'm also annoyed that the process took 10-15 minutes and wasn't even properly resolved.  Thank goodness we didn't miss the beginning of the movie.Also, while we were watching the previews the sound was broken and making an auto tune sound over the actors for the first preview.  It was incredibly irritating.
5	Great experience here. Clean modern theater. Got great service from Michael behind the counter; friendly and multiple layers of butter in the giant popcorn. I can still feel my arteries hardening. An old gentleman spilled his bag of popcorn on the condiment stand, someone was there to clean that up in like 10 seconds. Lots of showings of the new blockbuster movie I was there to see, attentive, friendly staff AND DIVIDERS IN THE MEN'S ROOM.Highly recommended.
5	Awesome theatre all around. I drive past two theaters to get to this one :)
4	Even the smaller theaters are nice here :) Life of Pi should be very interesting. I'm ready for an adventure outside of my life. I get caught into movies and forget about all outside worries, specially here at this cinema :)
4	First thing that's really great about this is that it's really close to the parking garage. Thumbs up for that. I really enjoyed seeing a movie in this theater. There is a lot of really, really comfortable seating. The arms go up so, if you're like me and go with a cute boy, you can cuddle up. I really liked that. The screen and resolution are perfection. The people who work here are very helpful and super friendly. They really work hard to keep the place clean and neat except for, and this is where a star dropped off, the women's bathrooms are FILTHY. I mean, it's pretty bad. I think they're understaffed or something because I went into two different ones and they were horrible. My date and I ordered some popcorn that was pretty bland, but I don't really have high hopes for that in a movie theater. Other than that we had a really great, comfortable time watching a show here.
5	This is my new favorite theater to go catch a movie, it's clean, cheap and convenient.  I usually go for the matinee prices and even on opening day, the theater isn't crowded and with plenty of good seats left.  Overall, the theater and seats are pretty clean and comfortable for those long movies.
5	Love Red Rock Regal Cinemas ~ the best!  Love my Regal card too :)
4	A must: popcorn with no butter!Although I do most of my movie watchin' at Regal GVR (or whatever the name for it is), I do like these theaters at Red Rock. Stadium seating is always a plus and it's in one of my favorite casinos.It's hard to say much else beyond that it meets your needs for a movie going experience (sound, picture quality, etc).
5	My favorite theater in Las Vegas.  Popcorn is always great, very clean, good clientel. Always go there if there is a choice.
4	Nice theaters here!They always seem clean and fresh, and they are never packed like some of the other spots in town.  This is a great locals spot to catch a movie!We just had a heavy lunch, so I can't really say anything about the food here, but I presume it's your standard, very expensive junk food.If you are on this side of town, check it out!
5	I love the regal rewards card... i love getting free popcorn, or soda or a free movie.  I really like Redrock because the seats are comfortable and the service is good.  I also have a deaf friend who loves to watch movies and Redrock provides "glasses" that have closed caption at the bottom of the lens.  I'm glad that Regal is accommodating Deaf people.I wish they would have special prices on certain days... like $5 Thursdays or something like that.  I would definitely be watching a lot more movies than usually! LOL.
4	The theater is clean and the staff was friendly.   The only thing I could ask for is soda/candy that doesn't cost an arm and a leg.
4	These are pretty nice movie theaters. They are clean and the seats are comfortable.I love that they always have all the new movies and you can actually get food in the food court next door and sneak it in if you are hungry. Nothing like a Fatburger and a good movie.I also purchased a bunch of Groupons for this place and they were only supposed to be used for movies that have been out for a while. No new releases or you have to pay an additional 1.50. I always see the new movies using the Groupon and they never charge me the extra fee. They are super nice here. Can't wait to go see Hangover 3!
1	Lets talk about popcorn.  The worst popcorn is served here.  The amer..Dental Association must give them money to serve this popcorn.  Cinemark popcorn is really good. Only one cashier to sell tickets, 7 people serving food.  The lines were very long on Tuesday.  The theatres are fine.
5	You should be here, Comfy Chairs, Good Hotdog, Cold Soda and great movie... as good as it gets.
5	Here and town square are my fav theaters in Las Vegas, both new and all seats recline.
4	Always a good day at the theatres, comfy seats, great snacks always our go to theatre.
5	On Mon/24 Jun saw the 8 pm showing of World War Z:- Nice, new-ish theatre since Red Rock Casino is also relatively new.- Food court at the base of the escalators leading to the theatre so plenty of reasonable food dining options.- Regal Cinemas was doing their annual summer collection for charity, so thumbs up for that effort and commitment.- Will definitely be back as it's pretty close to the Summerlin Costco I like to patronize.
4	One of the better Cinemas in town, I have had the luxury of sitting in general seating and in the VIP box many times.  The general cinema has large comfortable seating with plenty of leg room and the sound system never disappoints me.  However if you are a big gamer or have friends who are big gamers you can use points or a host will offer the VIP box for you'r viewing pleasure.  The VIP boxes are a private box in the back of the theatre behind a glass sound proof wall with your own amazing sound system and large reclining (sometimes) seats or large leather chairs and couches.  If you are really lucky you can also get the host to bring bottles and mixers for you movie party!  I believe these are also rentable for a party viewing experience. Each time I go wether it is general seating or a box I have a great time the employees are fast and efficient both in the movie both and the food queues.  If you do the box you get led by the lines to a private hallway and elevator to your box.
4	Seating is huge and the seats are comfortable. Only down side is its full of kids on the weekend even late at night so its hard to get around without almost running over a kid thats not with a parent. Other then that i like the thearter.
4	I usually always come here to watch movies when I'm visiting Vegas. My fiance lives near Santa Fe Casino, but their movie theatre (Century) is just not as nice as going to Red Rock Casino and Regal. First of, this movie theatre is inside Red Rock Casino. Seriously one of the nicest resorts I've been to! The interior design is so nice and elegant. You'll definitely feel like first class here. (:Anyways onto Regal Cinemas. The box office service is a hit or miss. Sometimes you'll get service that sucks because they don't want to be there so they're stalling time or you get the ones who are enthusiastic and show they actually care about service.The movie theatre. CLEAN, COMFY SEATS, and adjustable arm rests (isn't that always a plus?). Big screens, comfortable audio level, though it can get chilly. If you have a theatre that's closer at the end of the hall (usually the movies that have been out for a while), you may want to make sure you use the restroom and get snacks before hand. There is no snack bar in the middle or restrooms in the middle of the hall. You'll have to track on back all the way to the beginning of the theatre hall. Food: Concession stand is always expensive. I haven't been stopped for bringing in casino food court food in. Though my friend has been stopped once on grand opening night. So if you go during down time, they don't mind if you bring in food or drinks from outside it seems like.For grand opening day of movies, they're pretty organized about where the line is and who was in line and kind of checks for people who cut and what not. Which is nice. They often do donations for charity during big premieres. (:
3	Can someone please explain WHY "Senior" ticket prices are $8.00 for the matinee???  Century has the price at $7.25 for that same ticket.  Is it because the theater is in the "Red Rock Casino"?  Is it because the "Summerlin" area can demand higher prices?  When a ticket is $.75 more, it certainly makes you have to decide, snack or no snack....and I do believe movie theaters make WAY more money on popcorn and coke than on the admission price.  Pretty soon "seniors" will be avoiding Red Rock Movie Theater!
4	Best movie theater in Vegas! We see movies here all of the time. They are clean, they don't care if you bring in the occasional pop of your own, and the food lines are never very long. Without a doubt, we see 10 movies here for every 1 that we see at another theater and we are never disappointed.
5	Nicest regal theater I've been too and the nicest theater in vegas, the VIP booths are the only way too see a movie. Love it there
3	Great. Little theater within the already-great Red Rock casino. Love how each auditorium is small, making it feel cozy rather than cavernous. There is a surprising number of auditoriums packed into the small space, and this theater doesn't really seem to get too crowded- though you may encounter a bunch of teenagers.All in all, this theater is nothing different from every other Regal theater, aside from their killer bathrooms, which are super stylish. Unfortunately they were also dirty throughout our last visit, which is unfortunate, as there were more than enough employees standing around as concessions to do a bathroom check. This will still likely be towards the top of my list of preferred theaters though, due to the intimate auditoriums and good location.
4	Regal Cinemas is located in The Red Rock Hotel & Casino. It is next to the food court and near the bowling alley. The best spot to park is in the West Garage.The theater is well maintained and always seems to be clean. There are always plenty of movies to choose from. I think they have about 16 theaters. They have IMAX movies and they have rooms in the theaters if you want to have birthday parties for the kids. The theaters always seem to be kept up very well and the staff is very friendly.The only complaint I have is that sometimes they tell you that you can't bring your beverages from the food court in to the movie theater. It is purchased at the Red Rock, so what is the big deal?
5	I've seen many movies here. It's always a nice atmosphere and well maintained. Always have a good experience at this theater.
4	Typical movie theater.
1	I go to the movies an average of 5 times per week (yes, you read that correctly) but this theater makes my blood boil. I only go here to see a movie as a last resort. I don't know if it's because of the location and all those Summerlin elitists think they are more important than the rest of us, but this theater has the worst problem with talking and audience behavior than anywhere else I have ever seen a movie. Is everybody at Red Rock drinking rude juice? I have never seen a film here where the audience didn't yap the entire way through it -- and I have even been in the theater when there were only 2 other people in there and damn if they didn't talk the whole time too! I've reported this to the manager SEVERAL times. The response I always get is the same: "I understand." That's it! Well if you UNDERSTAND, then DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! Kick the people out! Help save our sanity! No, I don't want a refund or a free ticket, I want to be able to see a movie IN PEACE AND QUIET with an audience that isn't full of rude, crude and socially unacceptable people!!!!!!!!I've politely voiced my concern with three different managers at the theater, over a dozen employees, and even with Regal Cinemas corporate headquarters. I've had the manager personally call me on the phone twice. That's nice, but still nothing has been done to address the behavior. It is rampant at this theater and it is the worst. I've had people carry on full-volume conversations, answer their cell phones, make phone calls, repeat nearly every line in the movie, refuse to take their screaming infants out to the lobby, and have their 2 year old toddlers RUN AROUND and hit the back of seats during an R-rated movie. Yep, twice! I have gotten up during the movie, left the auditorium and gone out to alert an employee. Why should I have to be punished and made to leave the film to go get somebody to help enforce audience behavior? Each time the employees haven't given a crap about it. On that note, why the hell are small children even ALLOWED in an R-rated movie, EVER?!? What's next, little Billy gets his eyes full at "Blue Is The Warmest Color?"I refuse to go here ever again. This last time was the last straw. My blood pressure just went up 30 points from writing this review because it makes me so angry to think about this theater. AVOID at all costs.
4	My mom and I decided to go to a movie here recently.  We had a good experience.  The line to buy tickets was a bit long but it went pretty fast once a 2nd person was added.  For awhile there was just one guy.  Because my mom is a Regal member, she got a coupon for a $2 box of Nestle candy which is great since the regular cost is so pricey.  We also got a XL drink which cost $5.  Its amazing how much movie snacks cost.We were in theater one which is one of the bigger theaters.  People talked a lot during the previews but quieted down for the movie.  The seats are comfy.  The volume was a little loud but otherwise we had a good time.
5	Have seen a big improvement! The popcorn is tasting yummy and it is clean and fresh. Really like the staff. Super friendly.
3	Came here last night to see The Wolf of Wall Street. I wasn't able to get through the entire movie, but I would be more than happy to return. There were really polar pro's and con's to this place, making giving it a star rating really hard:Pro:Awesome location inside the Red Rock Casino Clean, updated cinema5-star service - really nice people working here that are immediately accommodating Regal Cinemas rewards card lets you earn points for free popcorn, sodas, etc.They have a ton of showings and offer pretty much every movie out now17+ theatresTickets are $11/adult, $8/children & seniors. That's not bad for a Vegas casino. They have IMAX, but are wasting their 3D capabilities on 47 Ronin. Con:Came on New Year's Day at 10 pm (for a three-hour movie), but the theatre was PACKED and we could barely manage finding a seat at all. It may just have been us (we're pretty cautious about not listening to earbuds too loud, etc.), but the theatre volume was so screamingly loud that we had to leave. We waited 10-15 minutes after the trailers (which are always super loud), but it just didn't improve. I highly recommend ear plugs as a precaution. Little bit of a bummer that we weren't able to stay, but in the future we'll be prepared (come early, bring ear plugs) and will have a great time. Under the right circumstances this can definitely be a 5-star experience.
4	I am a fan of this movie theater. 16 screens to choose from, the lines are excessively long for tickets and there are several self-serve kiosks to grab tickets from as well. Concession lines probably take the longest as each agent does everything themselves and prices are on par with other theaters (so dang expensive). This particular theater has seats that recline and if you like to snuggle the arm rest can be lifted up. There are VIP Boxes available as well as little rooms you can rent out for birthdays (or other special occasions).This theater offers the Regal Club Card, free to sign up, and you gain points/awards for free movies and concessions.
5	This is where I go to see the big feature movies. You can valet your car for free, they have the best food options of any theater around, there is often a line to buy tickets but they have 4 automated ticket machines that never have a line, their theater is state of the art, the seats are comfortable. This theater is a little bit further away than others for me but it is worth the drive.
4	Love this movie theater, too bad sometimes it's a little overcrowded, otherwise it's great
5	Recently had a scary situation at this Theater - A man entered the Theater and left a Backpack  on a seat and then walked out.  I addressed it with the staff and they acted very quickly.   Their Staff and Theater is why I continue to go to this Theater.  Thank you
4	First time here. About the same as other movie theaters in casinos here in Vegas. The popcorn made me sick but I forgot to ask for light butter as I normally do do I guess that's my fault. The seating was good and the theater was clean. This was my first 3D movie ever (really), and it was good. I would be willing to try it again. I came to the matinee abd it was only  $13 so I think it was worth it.
4	I'm a HUGE fan of IMAX 3D and go here often.  Except for the inconsiderate movie goer(s) the only problem I run across is slow concession stand.  The IMAX theater, in particular, seems to have a timing problem.  It's not a big deal but more than once the movie had started and the lights were dimmed and it seems to be more and more routine to have just blank screen while waiting for the movie to start. (half way through the trailers and then no sound, no movie, nothing)OTOH, sound system is AWESOME and since i love action movies, SciFi and the big block busters with lots of FX... a few little glitches aren't a big deal.The only thing I find intolerable are the lazy-asses who leave their soda and garbage when they could easily carry it out and drop it in the trash.  If you are one of them... the cost of the ticket includes cleaning up your mess so you drive up the prices!  You may think you have the right because you pay so much, but in reality you make everyone pay more.  Hm... maybe the theater should hand out discount coupons when they see people pick up their own trash to encourage good behavior!
4	Movies in a casino? Yep! As much as I do not like having to walk through a smoky casino with my son to watch a movie, Red Rock isn't so bad. If you park close to the elevators by the bowling alley you're pretty much golden! Here its usually pretty busy, the great thing is that they have a few self-serve kiosks so its quick and easy to get your tickets as long as you know how to use one. Otherwise the lines go rather quickly since they have a few people working at all times.The concession area here is pretty large and there's hardly ever a looong line. You can choose from all your normal candy and food to ice cream! They have the little deals if you buy 2 sodas and popcorn and so on.The theatres are pretty large and clean. The seats are comfy and there are plenty of bathrooms close to them, which is nice to not have to walk out of the area just to go tinkle.  The prices here are a little more expensive than other places, but it is in a casino. They used to participate in the movie Tuesdays alas that has stopped some time ago. The one plus here is that you can sign up for a free Regal card and get rewarded!! You can only earn 20 points per day, but the perks are great, and free is the best! I will continue coming here when AMC or Suncoast is a no go.Yay!!
4	Comfortable and clean. The people who work there are always friendly and I never have to worry when dropping the kids off for a movie.
3	Red Rock has about everything.  Bowling alleys.  Food courts. Restaurants.  And yes, a movie theater.  Plus it's a Regal.  Since I'm a rewards card member, all the better.  This one is pretty good.  Any theater with an IMAX screen is great.  The seats were comfortable with cup holders.  The only thing was that the cup holders were too small to hold even the medium sodas that they sell.  That is silly.  But I came to see the movie and it was a nice large screen and great sound.
1	I WILL NOT be going back to Regal cinemas again. I took the girls there today to see the Muppet movie... on the way since it was an early 10:50 am show i got them a smoothie and got Bianca a Starbucks. I paid $40 dollars for the tickets and $8.95 for a bucket of popcorn.... then got stopped like we were shoplifters or something with the staff saying no outside food or drink. Now i get they want you to by their concessions. That is why I bought the popcorn... but i am not feeding my kid milk duds and red vines for breakfast and they don't have anything close to nutritious. After arguing with the manager i got my money back....we see at least two movies a month as a family and i had my daughters birthday at that theater and it cost me over 1000 dollars ...... I WILL NOT BE going back.
5	This is my go to theater in Vegas. I was pretty shocked when I moved here that there wasn't a new high quality 20+ screen multiplex sort of thing- given how planned the communities are here and that it is impossible to go outside during 2/3rds of the year without dying of sun stroke it seemed a giant movie theater would be a necessity. The other theaters in the north (suncoast, rainbow etc) are just not that great- old, crappy seats, oftentimes filthy. Before I go on more about what I like about this theater I think an important caveat needs to be raised- this is the go to theater for young people in the area. This means that if you see certain movies at certain times you are going to find yourself in a theater full of screaming children or teens who constantly check their phones and talk throughout the movie. This isn't really something you can blame on the theater(though I wish they would crack down Alamo Drafthouse style)- and generally if you plan when you go you can avoid it. Top ten things I like about this theater10. Valet parking a few hundred feet from the theatre9. Food court immediately outside with Panda and Capriotis8. Great seats- they recline slightly and are spacious7. Clean- the theaters themselves and the bathrooms are always spotless6. Fast concessions- you never have to wait for 20 minutes to get a drink, they always have multiple lanes open.5. Good Imax/3d theaters4. Good selection- they don't show every art house movie but they don't stick exclusively to transformers style movies either3. Customer service- I asked for my money back once after technical difficulties delayed the movie and I would have to leave before the end- they did it no questions back.2. Lax enforcement- despite what other reviewers have said I have had no problems bringing in outside food in a fairly obvious way- I don't really try to hide it and no one has ever stopped me bringing in leftovers.1. The arcade next to it has a basketball game great for killing time before the movie- although I think the scoring may be broken as it doesn't give me credit for all the 3 pointers I nail
4	Huge theater, comfy seats, nice worker-bees and you could bring in snacks from some of the other vendors in the casino. And they give a small military discount.
4	I come here for the IMAX experiences big screen and great sound the seats are clean and the concession like any other regal
4	Whooohoo!   Thank you to the man who turned around and told the kids to shut up...  He shut their rude parents up too.    I wanted to applaud but at least other people in the theater snickered too.I don't know about other ladies but if I do do much As shhh.  Someone in a movie I get called at least one foul name and the bride behavior continues...    Guys...  Thanks for manning up with other peoples brats!! Ove you for it!!
5	We ONLY go to this theater to see movies. It's always clean. The staff is friendly. The concessions are good, soda mixed perfect every time. The theater seating is comfortable and spacious. In five years, we have never had a bad experience at this theater.
4	Movies are expensive and so are snacks, that's the same everywhere, so expect it.Moving past the obvious, the theater is very clean, no sticky chairs or floors.  Bathrooms are also very clean.Seats are not reasonably comfortable.  They are not loud or anything annoying.They sell discount movie tickets at the Costco across the street for Regal.There's also a "movie camp" for the kiddos over the summer.
5	If you've never been here, parking may be tricky. Park in the West parking garage - that's the covered parking garage that will be closest to the theaters.Our very first movie we viewed at this theatre was 22 Jump Street, which was a hysterically fun movie! We laughed pretty hard throughout the movie. They have nice stadium style seating and the seats here were awesome - they automatically recline and tilt back according to your body. I also loved that the seats were plush and in great condition. We were extremely comfortable during the movie. The cup holders were rather shallow, not sure how they can hold big cups if my small water cup could barely fit. The temperature inside of the theatre was just right, not freezing (which is shocking, since it's always iceberg cold in theaters.) We have been to a lot of Regal theaters, mainly in Southern California, and this has to be one of the better theatre experiences we've had.I loved that they are attached to the beautiful Red Rock Casino, right next to a legit food court with Rubio's fish tacos, Capriotti's, Starbucks, Auntie Anne's - to name a few. Perfect place to grab a bite and a movie. Grab a seat (sit back and relax) and enjoy the show!
5	Imax 3D is the greatest experience you will ever see at Red Rock Casino when wanting something exciting or thrilling in a movie. You will amazed by what IMAX can offer for any movie with clear sound and picture for movie lovers everywhere. It will the greatest movie experience you will see that's worth your time when bored with nothing to do. This is one experience you will not regret.
4	Great clean theater! The staff is friendly! The concessions are yummy! Theater seating is comfortable and spacious! Don't forget to use your Regal Crown Club card!
2	On 7/8/14 we experienced an odd event while waiting for our movie to start. The projector paused and a young lady (wearing an usher jacket) walked to the front of the theater with a plastic cup and addressed the theater goers regarding donations for a charity. She asked us patrons sitting in our seats to raise our hands if we wanted to donate. She then walked around collecting the donations. I just feel this was very inappropriate to do especially in this setting. The right way for management to ask for donations is at ticket sales, the concessions or somewhere else before you sit down in the theater. If this is not corrected, we will definitely go somewhere else. P.S. We appreciate having ushers patrolling the theaters. It's important to feel safe in these settings (theaters, auditoriums, etc.).
4	Hello all! We watched planet of the apes today and wanted to leave my review of the theatre. We have been here several times prior to this time. We did purchase our tickets online and conveniently printed them at the kiosk. However we did buy popcorn and drinks at the concession 20.00 for a large popcorn and 2 med drinks . The concession worker was new and did not know how to let me cash in regal points for our popcorn so we went ahead and just purchased it. No big deal but it would have been nice if she offered to find someone that knew how. The theatre was clean and the temperature was not overly cold as some theaters can be. The audio and video was great no issues. Parking was convenient and not overly crowded. I would suggest going in the afternoon since the evening does get busier.
4	TLDR: IMAX available; semi-filled concession lines; great theater temperature; bathrooms near entrance Regal Cinemas is located inside the Red Rock Resort Hotel & Casino adjacent to the food court and bingo hall. The concession stand is located just after the ticketing desk but before the ticket collector at the theatre rooms. There are IMAX viewing rooms available and restrooms only located near the entrance. This doesn't allow access for a quick pee break of you're near the end of the hall. The concession stand has better service than before with their new sales pitch asking for a large popcorn right before you approach the counter. The menu offering is much larger compared to other Regal/Edwards/United Artists locations with their lavazza coffee and freschetta pizza so if you're in the mood for a coffee, then go home and watch Netflix. :)The theatre experience is favorable. There's a lot of seats for both the privileged and the handi-capable and the ambient temperature is comfortable, even in shorts. All-in-all 4 stars!
3	I don't understand why the prices keep going up along with the concessions. The only thing that's good about the regard theaters in station casinos is the private viewing section with room service menu you can order from. But you have to be chairman to use this room and have a casino host. So for all us non gamblers were pretty much SOL.
4	regal cinemas have the best seats with reclining backs and comfortable cushions. Prices aren't too bad either, concessions always could be cheaper but we all know what to expect for movie theater prices. But they do have iMAX now which is always a great option
5	Regal cinema at the Red Rock Casino is my family and I go to theater. I appreciate this theater for its cleanliness and their variety of snacks at the concession stands. The theater is perfect in size and up to date with the hit movies.
4	In my opinion this theater is better than the other Station Casino theaters. The theater seats are decent and selection of movies is good. Will come back again.
4	This particular Regal cinemas is my favorite location! Every thing has always been great! When it comes to the customer service normally I've always encountered really nice employees! I like to buy my tickets on fandango and then just let them scan the barcodes from my phone! So much quicker than battling the lines! I can't say much about the concessions stand because o refuse to pay the incredibly high prices for those snacks! Never been my thing that's why it's usually a Dinner then movie so you're full lol! The theaters themselves are kept pretty clean for the most part and unlike many others the A/C isn't set at a ridiculously cold temperature! As long as they keep all the great things up it will continue to be my "Go-To" place for a movie!
4	$13.95 Large Popcorn & Large Soda - Refillable
5	Favorite to go to move theater. Small, cozy, clean auditoriums. IMAX available. Kids Quest next door, so you could still catch a movie thats not so great for children.
3	We go to movies often, we've been to most theaters in town including the newest Regal at Downtown Summerlin. Today we decided to watch a movie in the IMAX theater at Regal Cinema at Red Rock. It was a bit of a surprise to find it was $18  per adult, so with two tickets and the usual popcorn for two and drinks for two, we're now into it for $56 so I'm thinking it better be worth it. The theater was empty, beside my husband and myself there were two other couples. The theater is big with at least four tiers. The seats do not recline but you are able to lean back and can put the arm rests up making for more room. The screen is super big and is curved, surround sound was great, but I did notice some areas on the screen didn't appear in focusOverall the big screen didn't impress me, the price was too much and I didn't really 'feel the experience'
4	I love this theater. It's right in Red Rock, so parking is usually plentiful, it has good movie selections, and it has good and comfortable stadium seating. Now, it's no Galaxy Luxury+, but it is a very good theater and it accepts the Regal Discount tickets from Costco or through your employer. This in itself makes it one of our more frequented movie theaters because of the price.The concession stand is...well, expensive, but what concession stand isn't? With the regal card, we have only gotten a free popcorn in the ten or so times we have used it, but better than nothing right?Overall this is our go to regal theater. Clean, great location, comfortable seats in big theaters...all you can want in a movie theater.
4	Clean theaters and bathrooms with many movie options to choose from.Do park on the West side of Red Rock Casino as the theater is quite far from the East parking garage.Enjoyed the movie Interatellar on IMAX with family.
4	This was a really nice theater. The seats reclined back.  There was lots of leg room. It was also nice to have a movie start at 11:15 at night, so we could do more sight seeing.
