3	We were lucky enough to score a couple of tickets to the 16th annual Taste of the Nation last night, held in the atrium, and the first impression of the place is that next year, they are going to need a larger venue because it was packed.  Roughly two dozen producers of food and maybe ten more drink suppliers were giving out samples of food for at least the first hour and a half and the only time they slowed was when they ran short (and some did).The clear winner appeared to be The Capital Grille.  From opening until around 8pm, they had these sliders that had a line fifteen or twenty people long.  Most other tables barely had a wait at all.  But after eight, they may have run out, and then they switched to a lobster and crab cake, meaning the line mostly went away - except for people who thought they still had the sliders.While there was no clear loser on the night, Blue was just over from The Capital Grille and by the time the sliders were gone, Blue appeared to be packing it up.  For an event that was billed as going on until 10pm, and as the first live auction items came out, that was a bit disappointing.  Other than that, dishes ranged from sushi to chicken liver to desserts and carnitas (that was Vida, hidden way in the back).  But all was really good.If you were there for drinks, you may have been a bit disappointed, because most were served in really small shot glass-sized portions, but at least you could go back as often as you liked.  There was one table near the back that served non-alcoholic sparkling waters (and later, sodas), but you really had to work to find them.All in all, a good event - but definitely one of the pricier options in town.  Just keep in mind that it is all for a good cause!
4	We arrived a bit late- so the place was jammed...but come 9pm it really cleared out! A foodies dream that's for sure- but beware if you are vegan/vegetarian there are very few options.Some of my favorites were Upstream, Mez, Vida,and Enso but honestly there wasn't much I didn't like! Cocktails and wine were great as well! free parking and entertainment made the event even better- and the venue itself was spacious and well -equipped for a larger crowd. All of the proceeds go to fighting childhood hunger in the U.S so the cause is an important oneI suppose I just wish it was on a weekend - perhaps that's why it cleared out so early. - id definitely like to go again next year!
4	My company sponsored this event and in exchange they gave us some tickets.  We had the preview passes which allowed early access, and we were able to beat the peak crowd for some things.  I took the LYNX uptown as I often do but my wife met me up there.  Parking at the 2 WF deck was a pain, so she parked on the street which was much easier.The only other event I've attended at this atrium is the MS Gatsby Gala which is a lot of fun.  The space is limited as that event exceeded fire code one year.  It is a pretty nice atrium with a great glass ceiling a view of the sky.  The food from most places was good.  There were a lot of meat and seafood options, but since a lot of the food was fresh, you could procure some vegetarian eats.  I didn't taste anything I didn't like.  They had some decent beer, wine, and cocktails too.  The band "Hot Sauce" was decked out in chef hats and jackets which was cool.  I would have liked to have some music fill in the gaps when they weren't performing.  They had a lot of cool auction stuff, silent and live.  The live auctioneer was barely audible though and it wasn't due to the sound system.  It was very a great cause "Share Our Strength" whose goal is to end childhood hunger, and they raised a lot of money which is the important thing.
4	I think the best way to describe Taste of the Nation is food frenzy for a fabulous cause. Yes indeed, there were plenty of eats from some of Charlotte best restaurants - Enso, Blue, Capital Grill, CPCC Culinary School, Johnson & Wales, Vivace, Mert's, Mimosa, Upstream, Paco's Tacos and much more. All of this delicious food was washed down with a myriad of boozey choices - everything from bourbon to beer, vodka to wine and even sparkling water. Dig it. As I walk into the Taste of the Nation entrance (Atrium Uptown), hubs and I were promptly greeted, wristbanded and led inside. We were lucky enough to score VIP tickets, which allowed us into the event one hour early. For those who like to sample the food and bev, this is completely worth the extra $15 per ticket. Instead of waiting in a line 10 people deep at each restaurant booth, we were only 2-3 people deep. Score! The silent auction area was chock full of great items - jewelry, photography packages, travel deals, foodie finds, etc. I fully appreciated that so many of Charlotte's businesses donated products and services to raise money to combat child hunger. Way to go, folks. While I, like Shauna H, didn't eat one thing I didn't enjoy some of my favorites included the chocolate truffle spread by CPCC, shortrib from Blue, sushi from Enso and the trifecta of fun from Ballantyne Resort. The live music was provided by Hot Sauce, and those guys jammed out in chef coats and hats. Hilarious. Tons of food, free parking, tasty beverages, fun music, worthy cause = a great evening Uptown. Way to go, Taste of the Nation!
4	Pretty good--will want to attend next year.  Came here after work with colleagues.  Had a few extra VIPs passes so decided to get some free drinks and grub.  Overall, solid little event with a good cause.  I'll just hit a few of the highlights--Enso - They had an awesome set up and knocked it out the park.  Beautiful girls and set up made entirely of ice definitely drew me to them.  But they had solid little taco things and some sushi which tasted great.  It was the finer touch they put on things by having ginger, soysauce, and wasabi on hand for people.  Congrats, good job.  I'll go to your restaurant in the near future despite having been there before and not impressed.Georges Brasserie - Just to the left of the VIP section.  They were serving up some delicious pork belly and some smoked salmon type of thing.  I don't really remember, I was pretty hammered by the time I made my way over there.  Cool thing was they had some contraption called a SUVEE machine or something?  As always, great restaurant with great food.Wolfgang Puck - Can't find it in town just yet, but their regional manager was there and told me that they are going to be opening up soon in Phillips Place.  They had like a salami/horseradish little bite and it was very tasty... wish they were opening in uptown instead.  Looking forward to this location.Mama Ricottas - Man, how disappointing.  They served up chicken meatballs in like a mini-dinner roll.  I was going to check this place out sometime, but after their presentation, definitely not going to.  Granted, this is for a charity and you're not there to make money directly.  But, it definitely will leave impressions on people.  This event was a good place for people to try what kind of food you had to offer and entice them to come.  To me, seems like they were just trying to dump their chicken meatballs that no one buys/eats.The beer flowed endlessly. It was awesome.VIP lounge wasn't that impressive.  It was a little quieter which made it easier to talk.  The food in there wasn't better.dmo out
4	This update is for the 2012 event.  Once again, it was a great event.  Preview passes got us in early and also got us into the VIP room, which, as mentioned, was not all that great, save for the desserts.  The restaurants seemed to be more well prepared this year, and there were some amazing eats to be had.  I noticed there were some improvements as far as the event itself.  There was background music this time and the acoustics for the live auction were much better.
5	Our favorite benefit event in Charlotte every year. We make sure never to miss it. While it is somewhat perverse to raise money for hunger by gorging ourselves on fine foods, we don't let that reality get in the way of a terrific time and make it a point to donate to Share Our Strength every year.  In this extravaganza, fantastic restaurants compete to dazzle us with flavorful morsels. And. . . There's more: beer, wine, cocktails, live entertainment and a benefit auction. If you get the chance this is NOT to be missed.  The definite way to go about this is to spend the few extra $$ and get the VIP tickets.  It allows entrance an hour earlier when things are more sedate and lines are short.  And there is a nice VIP lounge to boot.  If you enjoy eating creatively prepared and presented appetizers and desserts (and who doesn't), this event is for you.  Personally, the best of every meal is the appetizer and dessert courses.
5	This is a fun event.  We had VIP passes that let us in an hour early and gave us access to the champagne and dessert lounge.  My favorite food sample was the spinach dip from Brixx, although I did not have anything that I didn't enjoy.  The bands were cheesy, and the acoustics were terrible.  Impossible to dance on the "dance floor", because the band was painfully loud.  Chairs would have been a nice touch.  I never learn that the stilettos that look so good for the first couple of hours end up at odds with my feet.  The feet beg to go home, while the shoes want to party all night long.  Can't take the four of them anywhere!  But, we shall return next year.  100 percent of proceeds to Second Harvest Food Bank is the coolest part of the event.
5	This is a must-attend event if you live in the Charlotte area and appreciate our vast array of fine dining restaurants.  The VIP passes are a worthwhile investment to achieve early entry prior to long lines, as well as access to the VIP lounge of a selection of desserts and full-size pours of wine and champagne.  Don't let the price of the tickets keep you from attending.  Consider it a donation to a fantastic cause and indulge in plate after plate of incredible eats.  I'll definitely be back year after year.
5	Gets better and better every year. This year, the VIP area looked very nice.  Spend the extra $15 and you get early access and also entry to the VIP area.  There is a lot of good food here for a great cause.
5	Ok. Pretty much every restaurant in town that we are patrons of on the regular, booze out the ying-yang, live music, friendly and familiar faces, and Stefan Huebner slinging craft cocktails....culinary pandemonium and I love every bit of it.Nice running into so many familiar faces in the Charlotte restaurant world and checking out their featured items. A few favorites:Upstreame2Mimosa GrillWolfgang Puck Pizza | BarAlso, nice to see ShutterBooth holding it down! Always fun to jump in the booth and act like a bunch of teenage hooligans again. Great cause where 100% of proceeds benefit and fight child hunger locally and abroad. Can't wait for next year.
4	I look forward to this event every year.  Agreeing with Brian F. on the fact that it gets better and better every year.  Its a foodies dream fundraiser!
5	Taste of the Nation is always amazing, but somehow they find a way to make even better each year.What's not to love? Live music, killer items in both the live and silent auctions (I mean, one of the items basically involved spending a day with the Banshee cast and crew), great food, #allofthebooze and two of Charlotte's best bartenders slinging incredible cocktails. And the best part... it all raises money to end childhood hunger.Some of my food favs: BAKU (that scallop bite and the combo of flavors... holy), Coastal Kitchen & Bar and Napa on Providence. I would eat a bucket of that gnocchi and shrimp.The RNDC team had a great spread of different infusions. My three favs- Cinnamon Apple margaritas with Jose Cuervo Cinge, a strawberry basil Hendrick's drink and Sailor Jerry with cherries. Add Coke and voila it's a cherry coke!This event is executed so well. The layout, setup, logistics. Kudos to the hardworking team behind Taste of the Nation Charlotte. Can't wait for next year!
4	This was one of my favorite events so far in Charlotte.  I had never been before but thanks to our lovely CM, Nikki, I won a ticket to this year's event!!I loved the energy/vibe that was buzzing in the Wells Atrium for this event.  The chefs/owners/managers and whoever else were just so excited to be there and you could tell they all took pride in their products.  I have been to Taste of Charlotte uptown in the past and it was "ok" but mediocre in terms of service and and quality.  THIS event however was a far cry from my previous experience with TOC.  Taste of the Nation pulled out the big guns for this event..I mean, Duck, sirloin, halibut, pork belly, etc.  The restaurants were top of the line...my favorites were Upstream, Saffron and Chima.  I also tried an olive oil cake but I cannot remember who served it....it was DIVINE!!!  Everything I tried was good in all honesty.  Everyone was friendly and really made an effort to showcase their skills!!I know this event isn't cheap but it would definitely be worth every penny---the food, the cause, the drinks, the band, etc...Great event!
