3	No Cookies n Cream flavor? Automatic 2 star deduction. Otherwise it was good & I liked the discounts with Foursquare check in (10% off) & if you provide your cell # for an extra 6 cents off ea ounce.
4	This place stands out among the TONS of froyo places sprouting up. It's always pretty clean and the staff are always very friendly. I come here pretty regularly and while once in awhile I'm bummed out because of a lack of good flavors and an abundance of weird ones, I always find something that's good. A little pricey but than most froyo places are. Definitely worth it to sign up for the loyalty texts!
3	good experience at this location, first time there, had strawberry, tart and fruit punch with some fresh fruit, it was very good and my wife had chocolate and strawberry she was very pleased alsoI would like for them to have a few more flavors available since I'm not that interested in the toppings as Im on the yogurtand its a bit pricier than in other places.
5	I have tasted yogurts all over the country and also in Mexico and Canada.  Based on my experience with yogurts I rate Yogurtopia as on of the best yogurt places I have tried.  It is the pink berry of self serve yogurt places.  All the flavors are creamy with the perfect texture.  The taste is natural and does not taste like syrup used to normally flavor yogurts.   The tart has always been my favorite overall and yogurtopia's is the best with its perfect tart tase and "creaminess".
3	Went here Saturday night after chipotle, I always love treating myself to chipotle and froyo after... I really wanted to like this place, when I walked in, no one was behind the counter, which is fine, it was a little late, maybe they were closing... They did give me sample cups without me asking, which was awesome. Not too many flavored to chose from, but they had strawberry, and that's all that matters basically. Lots of toppings to chose from, and they had a full size kit Kay thing going on, I took advantage of that. They didn't have whipped cream because "there was no way to keep it cold" maybe you could keep it in a bucket of ice and change out the ice every hour? The staff was unbelievably nice, the set up and everything was cool, but I couldn't get myself to enjoy the actual froyo, and the marshmallow chocolate things did NOT taste normal and kind of ruined it for me. Still, I might give it a second shot.
1	What a disappointment!  The staff is very unfriendly and unpleasant to say the least. The prices are higher than other yogurt shops and the yogurt is just ..okay. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
5	The place was very clean and friendly. Right when we walked in the employee asked if we wanted to sample a few. The caramel froyo was excellent! They have tables inside and out as well.
