5	Can you say EXCELLENT! I would rate this better then Ponchos (south Phx) and right on par with Carolinas. Yep you read right. Granted this was my first time here but come on it was great! The place is in a strip mall south of Peoria on the west side, with other types of Mexican shops all around it. It fits right in. I had a green chile burrito, rice and beans. It was $4.95, it came with chips and salsa too. The burrito was plenty big and filled with a great flavored and cooked Green chilie, topped with green sauce and cheese. The cheese was a white type not the cheddar type. YUMMY The beans were one of my favorite parts, they were soooo good. Again topped with the white cheese. The rice was very good and had a great flavor. The chips and salsa we re wonderful, anytime you get free chips is good. They also serve a guacamole type dip with the chips. I do not like regular guac but this was rather tasty. The service was excellent, friendly and attentive. The seating area was larger then expected and was cleaner then CHINO but could still use some decor updating. Not a fancy type place. I will be back but this time I am bringing my family!
5	I have been back several times since my initial review and have not been disappointed. Today, Norm and I braved out the south side of 19th ave and Peoria. Once again it was an excellent meal, especially for $5.35. I had the red chili burrito with rice and beans and shared chips and salsa with Norm. The burro was full of chunks of beef simmered in red sauce and covered with cheese and more red sauce. The rice was perfect and the bean... oh the beans... you cannot have better. The staff was on top of it and extra friendly.
5	Who wouldn't love a restaurant with great prices, deep fuschia walls (yes!), friendly service, great food ... and lots of parking? (Hear that, Los Reyes de la Torta?)Upon reading Daren C's review, I decided to try this place for lunch and had the pleasure of having Daren join me too. I ordered the green chili burro lunch special. The burro was huge, had large chunks of tender beef, and was nicely seasoned. The rice that came with the meal was tasty, and the beans - wow, they're knock-your-socks-off good! We tried asking the server how they got their beans to taste so extraordinarily smoky-good, and all she could (or would) tell us was that they used a certain kind of Mexican seasoned oil. Hmm, culinary secrets are sometimes hard to pry out of people. A great, generous meal for $5.35, tax included. So happy to have this gem in my neck o' the woods!
3	When I was here, I got heat stroke. There was a party in the back room, and everyone was crowding the bathrooms and I was sick. It sucked. While out in the restaurant, I had ordered a carne asada quesadilla. It sat and waited for me, as did the rest of the group. We came here to watch the last Lakers vs. Suns game. And yes, I did get to see the Suns lose in their home town. That was cool. (Los Suns jerseys or not, they aren't doing much to help end the hate there). The quesadilla tasted like a cheeseburger when I finally did get around to eating and stomaching it. I wasn't a fan of that. ....@#$! AZ and their racist laws.
4	Definitely an interesting little place up in North Phoenix, La Oaxaquena hovers between a three and a four, but closer to four.  I stopped in for lunch and was shocked to see that there was not a single soul in there except for me.  What the heck??  The classic unassuming strip-mall Mexican place, the interior was much bigger than normal and the colors were interesting but I thought they added a nice touch.  The cashier / server girl was really friendly and service was SUPER fast.On to the food - I went with the lunch special of a taco and tostada for $4.95 (what a steal!).  I was assuming when I requested chicken that both items would have chicken on them - something to keep in mind.  The taco was excellent!  A crunchy shell housed deliciously tender chicken, and fresh lettuce and tomato on top.  The tostada was OK, but I think that has way more to do with the fact that I'm not a huge refried beans fan.  Oh, and the chips and salsa were some of the best complimentary additions I've had.As Daren C. mentioned, $5.35 total will get you some good food, and you'll leave stuffed and ready to pass out in the afternoon of your job.
3	I would give this place 3 & a half stars if I could but cant bring myself to a 4 star rating for this place just yet.  I came here this morning and had the Chorizo & eggs plate.  Couldn't figure out why this place doesn't have breakfast burritos but it worked out well anyway.  I ordered it for take out and the food was great!  I was a little disappointed that the tortillas were not home-made.  Although you could tell there was a little preservative smell to them but did not taste to bad (just not home-made taste).  The salsa tasted fresh and the beans were great.  The atmosphere is a little scary but it looks pretty new still and it is pretty hard to find since the sign is pretty small.  I knew about it because they came by my office and dropped off a coupon for take out.  I will go back for sure but I am not in love yet.
4	Anytime I house sit for my parents, I hit this place at least 3 times that week.  They dont mess around, some of the better steak and salsa/chips, good rice, beans.  I just get it all in the burrito with cheese sc and guacamole, MMM MM MMMM, good stuff.  Never feel like I paid too much, sometimes I feel like I paid too little.  Theres only one guy that works there that I've ever had a problem with and Im sure the owner took care of him for me once he saw how often I come.
5	Darn it, I had gotten fond of the assertive fuchsia color scheme on their walls, and they changed it! Oh well, yellow and salmon work well too. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pM1XQqVX-oudcm4nnvvQfA?select=6vDWy6fMQnMAClThF4ZmUQHad lunch here again and loved it, as usual. Fresh salsa, warm tortilla chips, beans, rice, burro, bit of salad. Fast service, tasty food, very inexpensive ... really gotta love this place!
5	been awhile since I did a review for anything.  it has not, however, been that long since I went here for food(half an hour ago, and several times in the last month). If only I lived in this area instead of just watching my parents house, Id be here every 2-3 days.....This is my go to mexican restaurant.  I have tried all the rest in the 5 mile radius of 32nd ave and peoria.  Bueno burger, rolandos, federicos, filibertos, big burrito, and a couple other small ones like mi peublo and mexican food its all good off of cactus.With all that said, NONE OF THOSE PLACES CAN TOUCH LA OAXAQUENA! Ive had the al pastor, the chicken and the asada(my favorite),  All were excellent.  They will make you a big burrito like chipotle does if you just ask for those things in the burrito.  They have the best rice and beans in this part of town, IF NOT THE WHOLE CITY.  The steak is outrageously good, practically addictive. Im there so much when I come in they KNOW MY ORDER, they just need to know how many(I'll buy one burrito to eat then and another(or 2) for the next day or so(reheats wonderfully).  They remember repeat customers and take care of them.  I never have any problems, they're always nice and professional.   I just hope someone reads this wall of text and says, no one would give this much effort for a lackluster establishment....  Try em out, you wont be disappointed.  Go during lunch hours for 5 dollar lunch specials with free chips and salsa.
5	Carnitas was great the best beans maybe ever.
5	Great little place to eat carnitas was awesome kids loved the rice and beans all around great place
2	I've eaten here now and then for many years.  They use to have really good flautas, but then they changed them to something else, which sucks.  They also got a D on their latest health inspection.  Doubt I'll eat there anymore.
5	Listen, I know you see the picture about the cockroaches in the kitchen. Understand that this is phoenix and that no restaurant is ever 100% bug free. Its Fucking impossible, especially in the summer.Now that we've covered that, you can stop being a little bitch. This is quite literally the best carne Asada, rice beans and chips/salsa in the valley. I've been to over 30 different spots in the Phoenix metropolis. The place that was just on the new times best New places of 2013 down the road "la 15 and salsa" is dog crap comparatively speaking.If I actually lived down the road instead of just house Sitting up  here I'd be there every other day or so. Its 5 dollars for the best steak burrito you're gonna get, ask for oaxacan cheese instead of the mix. I ask for steak beans rice oaxacan cheese and salsa in mine. Perfect every time, you can't get steak like this anywhere else...
