5	Attempted to get out of the house and pressed the garage door button this Monday morning after Xmas day with no luck.  Here I am thinking I could manually slide the door with ease ended almost breaking my back.  I sat for a moment and wondered. . . .   did Santa took my super powers away this Xmas?  little that I know, that all this time there was this metal spring that assist the sliding of this 200+ LB of hunk'n piece of metal that I called garage door.   Spring is broke and now I stuck.Lucky for me Express Garage Door Service came to the rescue.  Brian the garage door guru came by with in 30 mins of my distress call with no extra charge.  he masterfully replaced the both springs, pulley bearings and rollers.  Yes, new silicon rollers that cuts down the sliding noise by 95%.  My dogs can testify to this, highly recommended for those late night sneaks.  :)   and by the way all of this was done with in 45 mins at a very affordable price.  Thanks Brian!
5	Brian does a great job and has fair and honest prices I have used him a few times in the past as well as today. i have always been very happy with the job he has done.
5	Brian Daley of Express Garage Door Service did another great job at a fair price. I had him come out in 2011 to replace a broken garage door spring. This last weekend the garage door would not open so called him out to take a look. It ended up being the garage door opener was worn out and needed to be replaced. 45 minutes later I had a new garage door opener installed. Not only did he fix the problem but gave me some simply maintenance tips to keep the garage door, spring and opener working smooth. Thanks again Brian!
5	I called this business to get an estimate on a garage opener repair. The man who answered the phone was very polite and patient with me considering I didn't even know the exact model of my garage door opener. He gave me a ball park estimate without any hesitation or attempt to pad the cost of the repair. We had scheduled the repair but when I got off work early I thought I would try calling him and he was nice enough to work around my schedule and show up early as he was wrapping up a job early as well. When he got to my home he thanked me for the opportunity to do the job you really don't expect to see that level of customer service from a "repair man" these days. He was very cordial and answered any questions I had along the way. When he finished the job he charged me exactly what we had quoted me with no surprises and gave me his card because they stand behind their work. This was probably the best repair service I have ever recieved no surprises no hidden costs just good honest work from a real stand uup guy.
