5	A new and refreshing venue with good coffee and a relaxing laid back environment. Inside offers a warm and inviting atmosphere, and the patio faces east, away from the afternoon sun; which is a big plus in Phoenix. Plenty of space inside to sit and enjoy or do a little work. Owner was extremely friendly and courteous. Definitely recommend stopping by.
5	Love this new NON CHAIN coffee shop and restaurant. Spacious, comfortable with outdoor seating and delicious coffee. The owners and staff are super friendly and quick with orders. I can't wait to try some yummy nibbles on the menu. It looks like they have a good selection of lunch and breakfast items as well as fresh sweets things! The horsey theme is definitely a plus and fits right in to the neighborhood!
5	This new coffee shop has the best coffee ever!  Cute decor! I go here a couple of times a week and the staff and especially the owner are the BEST.  Reasonably priced.  Has wonderful pastries, sandwiches and salads.  A BIG PLUS for this area.  I HIGHLY recommend you make the trip, it is well worth it!
5	Wonderful place with a great staff coffee is amazing, love the location just hope more people visit. would like for them to add bagels in a little bit more homemade food.
5	I am extremely impressed with this new, local coffee shop! First off, the coffee is amazing. When I walked in I was warmly greeted by the employees, and the owner introduced himself as well. This place doesn't lack in customer service!They also have a cute little "kids corner" that your little ones can play in while you drink your coffee or have a bite to eat. I can't wait to give some of their food a try. Biscuits and gravy! Paninis, sandwiches and salads as well. And of course, food and drink options for your little one.
5	We came to saddle creek for the first time after finding out it had just opened about a week earlier. The staff was very nice and interested in detailed feedback about the service and perception from customers, showing that they value input and the opinion of their patrons. I would rate the quality of the ingredients in the food served as high, fresh and savory. Simple dishes and excellent coffee at prices comparable to chain businesses. It is always great to support local independent businesses and because of that, along with the great service, we will return. Also...one of our friends that came with us had one of the fruit smoothies and described it as "the best smoothie I've had". His opinion tends to lean towards being very critical of food and drinks, so that definitely impressed me and made me seriously consider that smoothie as an item to try next time I come back.
4	They serve the best coffee I've ever had. Try the Americano.The employees are all very nice, as is the owner. My wife and I are regulars there now.
5	This place was great , there was a play area for my kids and the coffee was delish! Everyone left happy:)
4	I've been to two events that had box lunches from Saddlecreek and each time was delicious. It's about as good as a business box lunch gets. The sandwiches are made with the most wonderful bread from a local bakery and the chocolate cookies are awesome.I've had their fruit bread too at a conference and it was wonderful. I've heard they sell out of pastries every day. I wish they were able to bring more of their baked goods.
4	I enjoy supporting this local business. The owner and staff are very friendly. Try the biscuits and gravy or the pastrami sandwich!
5	It's so refreshing to have a friendly, well-run local coffee shop in the Tatum Ranch area. We went early on Sunday morning and there was a steady stream of customers, many of which already seemed like regulars! The owner {or who I assumed to be the owner} was greeting everyone and was so nice. He even brought fresh water out to our dog when we were sitting outside enjoying breakfast. We ordered paninis {one ham and one bacon} and I would definitely order them again. Fresh and flavorful. We also had a drip coffee and an indulgent white chocolate mocha, both up to par with other coffee shops.  I hope this business continues to thrive. Stop in ASAP! We can't wait to try the sandwiches and salads for lunch.
5	For a treat, try the pumpkin drizzle muffin. Yum!
5	Jordan is so nice and they have gluten free!! Great place!
3	5 stars for atmosphere and kids corner.  Coffee good too!  Biscuits and gravy was not good, in my opinion.  I was disappointed in my breakfast.  I will be coming back for coffee.  I will not be planning a breakfast here again.
2	This is my second visit so I have given Saddlecreek 2 chances.Today I brought my family (2 children ages 2 and 4) to Saddlecreek for a light lunch after some shopping. Staff is has been quite friendly both times. As I ordered lunch, I was asked to like them on Facebook. I understand the need, but please wait until I have enjoyed your food before asking for a recommendation.We ordered a half turkey gobbler, PB&J for the kids and the breakfast burrito marked as a 'special'  The price was decent enough and the service was quick and polite.The PB&J was just as you would expect and worked out perfectly. The Turkey sandwich was uninspired, but not bad, either. Light on the meat and reasonably expensive for what you get. The breakfast burrito, another matter entirely.This is a home-grown business in a small shopping plaza. The ambiance is great. They have a kids corner that my kids love. Kitchen set, toys, etc. I really wanted to like the place, but I just cannot.Back to the burrito. The breakfast burrito was a frozen burrito they microwaved. Let me repeat that. A $4 microwaved burrito. I realized at the first bite, then watched them do another for one of the next patrons. I was floored. This fit perfectly with the massively dry, days old muffin that I was served at my first visit and ended our dream of a nearby coffee shop to visit. They have much potential. A little care in what they serve and how they prepare it will go a long way because the rest of the experience is great and I want to see them flourish.
5	Had both the breakfast burrito and the biscuits and gravy. Both were delicious and the staff was friendly and professional. Would recommend to anyone up in the Tatum Ranch/Carefree/Cave Creek area.
4	Stopped in today, service was excellent. Although I don't live close I would suggest if you do to make it your regular place! Only con was my extra large iced coffee was almost $6. Still good though!
5	Love this family place. The owner is friendly and remembers his customers. Great food, coffee and nice atmosphere. Dog friendly patio. Great alternative to the chain coffee houses.
5	This is a great coffee shop. They have ultra friendly staff and are welcoming to customers. They have a pretty good list of Gluten Free options. Although not on the menu, they make me eggs and bacon plates, instead of the wraps. The coffee is GREAT!  The environment is great. All around, a very good place for coffee and conversation.
5	Took the gf out to breakfast for a nice break from work.  The staff is so friendly and makes you feel at home. Biscuits and gravy are so delicious.  Also the chicken salad sandwich is a must try.  Finally a local joint with good food and service. Will definitely be a frequent stop for us.
5	Hands down our favorite coffee place and oh boy do we love our coffee.  We make it a family affair and we meet friends there whenever we can.  The coffee, iced tea and specialty coffees have not disappointed.  We love the breakfast sandwiches and the Pumpkin muffin is out of this world. So do yourself a favor....... get over to Saddlecreek and get your coffee on!
5	Love this place! Great, coffee, food and most importantly service. They have a kids corner, so a great place for moms as well :)
5	Finally!! A local, good quality, coffee shop for cave creek! Absolutely love this place. It's very clean and fun environment. Perfect to get a coffee or even lunch at during a work break. The staff is awesome as well!
5	There's not many coffee shops that have an area dedicated to the kiddos, but Saddlecreek Coffee Company does and it makes mommy and daddy happy! We drive 17 minutes just to hang out there with our little guy. And their Almond Milk Dirty Chai? You'd have to travel to Jackson Hole, Wyoming to find something as good as this! The muffins are so moist and delectable (our 22 month old son's eye popping favorite is apple cinnamon!) What's even more enjoyable for our active family is that there's a well-maintained park with tennis courts and a kid's playground just behind the strip mall. Often we make a morning out of our trip to SaddleCreek. I definitely recommend this business.
5	My husband and I love coming here! We would go during the week, but it is out of the way unfortunately. So, we choose to come on the weekends, and we love it!The service is always very friendly. We sit at the bar most of the time, but they have couches, chairs, booths, and tables to sit at. There is also an area for kids to play in, which is very awesome for the parents that visit here. Their WiFi is free, so its a great place to work if you dont work in an office. There is also close bicycle parking, we actually just leave ours on the sidewalk since it is a safe area. The people that frequent this place are always nice, and I often see groups meeting here. We have only had their breakfast burrito, and it was pretty good. Going to try other food next time. It looks like they have a bigger lunch menu than breakfast, but like I said, I have only tried the one thing. Overall a great coffee shop, we will be back this weekend!
5	Great Coffee shop to have in the neighborhood.  Cowboy Lemonade and their toddy are the best things.  I have enjoyed their breakfast burrito as well.  If your in a hurry call ahead they will help you on your way!
4	Their coffees and teas are unsurpassed. If you don't believe me, and there are no tastings that I know about, just walk in the door and inhale. The bouquet and the aroma are enough to send you to Heaven and back to earth. Their blends (Strawberry and Kiwi tea leaves anybody?) are as exotic as they are enticing. And their coffee (whole bean for me, please) are so fantastic that they almost make it criminal to buy instant.For an experience, whether seriously buying or just enjoying the moment, take a few steps off of the Bleecker Street Miracle Shopping Mile and enjoy Saddlecreek Coffee Co.
2	their lattes SCALDING hot, to the point that if some drips on your hand it will turn red and be sore for a while. request either iced or a few ice cubes be put in their drinks if you don't want to wait an hour to enjoy your beverage.
5	Love coming here to meet a friend and  catch up over a cup of iced green tea or with the family for a relaxing weekend breakfast and game of checkers. Kids look forward to their smoothies. Super friendly staff.
5	There are not many good coffee shops in this general vicinity.  Starbucks doesn't count!  I was very excited to see this new coffee cafe open that is less than a 10 minute drive from where we live.  They told me their coffee is locally owned and roasted in Tempe.  Their cookies and muffins are local as well.  I found the Americano to be very pleasant tasting, not bitter and I would definitely be coming back here again.  As noted with the other reviewers, there is a small lil kiddo section with the cutest retro kitchen for them to play at.
4	Wonderful selection of coffee drinks and contemporary concoctions Good pastries and grill food as well. Of course wifi. All in the middle of horse riding territory. Great place to kick-off your spurs and talk about your morning ride.
5	As far as locally owned coffee joints go - this place is as good as it gets. The coffee is fantastic, they even have soy & almond milk (thank you!) My personal choice is a soy vanilla latte, and Saddlecreek makes the best one I've ever had.You can get your breakfast panini (eggs, cheese, spinach, chorizo/bacon or ham) gluten free, and they have several other gluten free options too! YAHOOO! Nice selection of pastries, and a great environment to chat and hang out. There are booths, tables, and outdoor seating with your pooch's next water bowl. It's a nice relaxing place to chill out with family, friends, or all by your lonesome enjoying your extraordinary joe.Oh, and the owner has chickens and sells his farm fresh eggs right out of the front refrigerated case. I heart that.
5	I come here all the time. The owner is always incredibly nice and fun to talk to. It is a great place to study and hang out while drinking outstanding coffee!
5	Warm and inviting ambiance.  Breakfast panini and burritos are very good.  Plenty of froo-froo drinks but I like their basic hot, black coffee. Pastry selection is tasty, too.
