4	Came here after the Sandeman tour with the tour guide so we got a discount. I got their veggie burger which was pretty good (kind of falls apart and out of the bun) while my friend got haggis for the first time and it was presented like desert and she said it was good. The best part was the fries--some of the best I have ever had. The decor is standard bar, nothing fancy or special there.
4	Nice friendly. Good food. Came with the guide after doing a free walking tour as they offered a discount. :-)
2	I have only been in the once, the decor outside enticed me in and inside it looked pretty good as well, but the drinks were just the same as any other regular pub. I ordered some steak pie which had a generous portion of tasty meat, but the pastry was cold and the veggies a bit lame. The staff members were all really nice though.If you are looking for a regular pub experience that you would find anywhere else, but with a slightly more interesting decor outside and in, here's the place.
3	Visited this pub for dinner yesterday, thankfully booked I table as when we got there is appeared that most of the tables were reserved (although they never arrived in the time we spent there).  It's a small pub with around 8/9 tables.  Most people were there for food rather than just a drink it seemed.  Interior decor has been done up within the last couple of years.  I has the usual big print trendy floral wallpaper that's popular these days, along side some of the original features.  Nice ornate glass lights over the bar and two walls covered in old framed photos. We were shown to our table next to the door, in front of a full height - floor to ceiling window, which was good for people watching and we did have a view of the footy on  pubs TV across the street, but we did feel like we were a live advertisement for the pub for people walking by.  A table not for the shy!I ordered the duck leg with gravy, mash and red cabbage.  It was a large portion, all very tasty and cooked well however the cabbage was barely warm, actually it was cold.  I'm uncertain that was the intension for a dish like this, so that seemed a bit odd.  House red wine was lovely thought, better than the usual vinegar you sometimes come across.  My companion ordered the Mediterranean Chicken (mozzarella and sun dried tomatoes with veg, asparagus and courgettes - no potatoes or anything though and the chicken was a bit dry too.Good retro 60s tunes were playing for back ground music and Amy, our Aussie(?) bar tender/waitress for the evening was super friendly and happy, she really adds to the place!  So we left her a nice tip and a chocolate! :)
3	This place sure has some strange decor and the layout is pretty weird but hey it is a pub in Scotland.  I came here after the New Europe walking tour, and got the tour special which was a selection of entrees with a beverage at a reasonable price.  They had haggis here so I got it, it wasn't presented like traditional haggis and it wasn't bad at all and it came out fairly quickly.  The haggis came out like a solid pudding with mashed potatoes, it wasn't dry and it had good texture and taste to it.When I went in the later afternoon it wasn't very loud so you could grab a book/e-reader, a pint or a glass of fine and relax.
4	Had the haggis, neeps and tatties. The haggis and tatties with the whiskey sauce were excellent,  but the neeps were just okay.  The service was helpful,  friendly and fast. I sat outside, so I had to order at the bar.
