4	This was my first visit.  I went in the other day just to look around.  I didn't even realize it at first but they were having a huge end of season sale.  Although I wasn't able to find anything on sale, I did end up buying a pair of jeans.   The staff was very helpful.  I was helped by Alexis (I think).  She was very knowledgeable and accommodating and led me to the pants that I eventually bought.I will definitely go back when they have their full season's of clothing.
4	I came here while I was visiting a friend of mine out in Pittsburgh. They were having an end of the season sale and had a lot of summer type items on sale. I was impressed with their selection of high-end jeans and designers that you usually don't see outside of Neiman Marcus or Bergdorf Goodman. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and assisted me with any questions i had. I ended up getting a John Varvatos carigan that happened to be on sale, and which I thought was a steal! I would recommend this store to anyone who is looking for some high-end clothing that seems to be very difficult to find in Pittsburgh.I will be back the next time I am in town!
5	Living in such a fashionably challenged city as Pittsburgh finding a good store for men's clothing isn't the easiest thing.  There are only a handful of shops that are really worthwhile.  Luckily, this places rises to the top.   This is kind of clothing store you'd expect to see in NYC.  These guys have great taste overall.  You can find anything from formal to casual with all of the best brands and cutting edge designers.  We are very lucky to have a place like this in the 'burg.  True, it may not be the cheapest place, but you really get what you pay for when it comes to this and you can get great deals when they have sales.   The staff are very friendly and accomodating.  I always walk away with something unique and come out looking like a rock star.    If you are bored with cookie cutter chains and malls that have all of the same boring stuff then you should give this place a try.  This is the kind of place that will help you find your own unique style.  I highly recommend this place.
