4	Firehouse is  #1 of the sub shops in our area. Not the cheapest and not the most expensive but better quality than the cheapest and a better menu selection than all of them! They will even accommodate a custom sandwich, in case, like me you still want something other than a menu item. They have salads, a low calorie menu and  many hot & cold subs. In addition the fresh bread, service and fancy Coke machine are top notch! Check 'em out.
5	Amazing subs great atmosphere all while watchin the ball game. Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing
5	We just moved to this community and tried it on our house hunting trip and again after moving here...Great price and very friendly staff! Food is excellent with lots of meat and perfect amount of veggies and sauce! It will be a regular for us
3	Friendly staff, clean, kool concept. Staff did not know the menu. I ordered my sandwich based on the counter guys description-- turned out to be totally different.  They gave my kid the wrong sandwich which we realized after we got home.  I will try it again though after they have been around and hopefully train their employees on the menu.
5	Bread couldn't be any fresher. So to for the ingredients. I had the #1 combo. It was delirious. The staff there is very friendly and helpful too!  I will be back for more.
3	First time there and the food was really good, but way overpriced. Might go back again, but there are cheaper and better alternatives out there instead of spending almost, $10 for a combo.
5	Love this place. Best staff. Best subs. Speedy service. 5 stars every visit. We eat here once a week. Something for everyone
5	I love coming to this location, food always great and I love trying all the staffs favorite sandwiches for something new. Highly recommend.
5	Consistently awesome every time. Fresh super fresh. The choices!!! Best toasted sub out of all the places I know and love even potbelly and portosubs. Cool soda machine!! I can't decide ever, go ahead of me. Tip! Try the iguana hot sauce! Ugh this place... :) service is great too!
4	Since I've moved here from the east coast last month I've yet to find a locally owned deli everything here seems to be a chain with your generic lunch sandwiches nothing creative turkey ham roast beef lettuce mayo... I thought I would give this place a try even though it's a chain and it was pretty good I got the sweet and spicy meatball. Meatballs were very good so was the sauce my only complaint is they advertise these hot toasted subs but my bread wasn't toasted at all... Even subway toasts the bread on meatball subs and subway is terrible.. For the food itself is 3 stars like I said good but just your average chain deli I added an extra star for the friendliness and attentiveness of the staff I will probably be back for the meatball sub but hopefully I can find a local deli around here
5	Love this place! And the donations that they do for the fire fighters to help out the community. Michael is a Great worker and owner of an amazing business! Well greeted as soon as I walked through the door, gonna come here more often!:)
5	Not only does this place have consistently delicious subs, but the staff is always super friendly, helpful, informative and you get the feeling they actually want you to be there! Their customer service is top notch and their food is nothing short of fantastic. Life long customer here.
