4	I am going to update this review based on my visit today.  Had a coupon for $1 double cheeseburger which was good.  Place is pretty clean, and the employees working wash their hands often.  The woman working the register today knew what she was doing  too, so it wasn't as slow as usual.Food is okay for a "fast" food joint.  "Fast" is in quotes because this is one of the slowest places you will ever eat at - fast food or not.  The people seem to be nice enough, but they don't have a clue as to what they are doing.  Every time I go here it takes about 10 minutes to get my food, even on a Monday evening with hardly any other people in there.  The only reason I go back is the burgers are halfway decent (although not as good as advertised) and they send out a plethora of coupons making meals very cheap.  The hand breaded chicken tenders are okay, but there is too much bread, not enough chicken, and the bread is rubbery.
3	I never have been a big Hardee's fan but let me say, their food has improved tremendously and this location is very clean (compared to about 5-7 years ago). Workers very friendly!!!
4	I love this Hardee's!  The employees are probably the most friendly of all the fast food places in town.  Yes the service is slow - read their slogan - real beef cooked on a grill by order - nothing is precooked, that's why it tastes better then the other burger joints.
1	I wish it were possible to give ZERO stars, but it's not, so one star is it.I'm not expecting much whenever I do fast food, but not much was exactly what I got at this Hardee's. My little nephew begged me to take him there for a hot dog, so like the doting Aunt I am, off we went to Hardee's.  I think it was the evening of October 2.The place was filthy--sticky floors and unwashed tables.  Yuck.  There was one person ahead of us, who stood there forever before he was waited on.  I watched as a zombie-like clerk expended all of his energy in taking this man's order.  It was hard to watch.Then it was our turn.  The zombie looked at us, turned on his heel and disappeared for a ridiculous amount of time.  I'm pretty sure we stood there five full minutes before a female zombie showed up.  With no attempt of a smile, and dull, glassy eyes, she asked, 'what do you want?'  Wow.  We placed our order, making sure she understood that we wanted a plain hotdog--nothing on it at all--with fries and a coke.  With all the effort she could muster, she collected our payment and turned and walked away.  No smile, no "thank you," no "that will be just a minute."  Nothing.After about fifteen minutes, we went up to the counter to see what the delay was (considering we were only one of two customers in the building).  We showed the zombie our receipt, who took a very long time to read the receipt, before turning away and disappearing in the back.  Again, without a word.Ten minutes later, she appeared with out hot dog.  Covered in mustard.  We reminded her that we asked for a plain hot dog, specifically stating we wanted nothing on it.  She mumbled, "that's how our plain dogs are--with mustard."  She just didn't get it.  Rather than making the poor thing expend another ounce of energy, we asked her to remake the order with nothing on the dog, and to please not just wipe off the ketchup--make a new dog.  And also, where are the fries?  She rolled her eyes at that one.  I guess we were asking far too much of her.  Poor thing.The new dog came back.  I use the term "new" loosely, as this poor dog was basically the consistency of vulcanized rubber.  And cold.  At this point, we'd been here about 45 minutes, and I was in no mood to deal with the incompetent zombies again.  My nephew stoically nibbled on the dog before asking if he could just eat his fries, to which I agreed, of course.My nephew summed it up when he said, "Aunt T, Hardee's was my favorite place before.  Is it ok if we never come back here again?"  Of course, little man.  Never again.
1	Worst drive-thru I've ever been to, mostly because in the three times I gave this sorry excuse for a restaurant a chance, twice it screwed up!  The first time they didn't give me half my food and I had to go back for the rest.  The second time we pulled up to the drive-thru with three hours to spare and sat there for three minutes waiting for someone to come to the speaker.  When they didn't, I tried to go in to order food.  THE DOORS WERE LOCKED!  Yet when someone else approached the window they instantly took their order!  Complained to corporate, which trickled down to regional, which got passed to the restaurant itself.  Their response?  Basically "Oh well.  We don't give a crap."  I give you two tries then that's it.  Don't bother with this place.  Seriously.
