3	As with  most of the pubs around Leith Docks, the location mops up any unwanted shortcomings.  The Waterline offers nothing unique or exceptional but the waters edge view compliments the standard pub grub and mediocre beer.A beer garden at the rear rakes in the punters and the nautical themed interior adds to the overall seaside vibe of the place. Nothing special but worth a visit if your milling around Leith for the day.
3	The Waterline is no more, and in its place stands the Leith Beer Company.  Gone is the faux-nautical theme and in its place is wood and metal and lots of framed beer-related pictures printed straight out of Belhaven's Department of Pub Personality.It feels a little generic, but it's not unpleasant.  The booths at the back are a nice new addition.Food is standard pub grub and seems pretty reasonably priced, and the staff were very friendly and helpful although clearly quite overworked when I was in.But on to the important issue:  any pub with 'beer' in the name should live or die by its handling and selection of the foamy yellow/brown stuff.  On this, there is room for improvement.  There's a decent if not too inspiring selection of bottles in the fridges, but the real crime is on the draught selection - no cask ales, and the standard selection of superlagers and Belhaven pseudo-beers.  The presence of West's St Mungo lager is a welcome exception.In short, it's a nice enough pub and I could see myself going back, but an upgrade to the draught selection is really needed if it's going to live up to the promise contained in its (new) name.
4	Very good location and lots of room and an fireplace. (I tend to favour the places that have one.) It also has a large outdoor space overlooking the Leith waters.There is a good selection of beers (a full menu on the bar) and wines. and special drinks to represent whatever season is happening. Right now the Toddies, mulled wines and warm ciders rule! Yummie. The prices are very reasonable. There is a food menu, still have to try that, but the Sunday Roast looks delicious. The (uniformed) staff are friendly and knowledgeable.  The restaurant area is largely booths packed in comfertable leather. I like the airy / spacious feel it has. Though you'll notice it is a little sterile (well it was monday evening and quiet..), it is thourougly a very clean bar. House-proud without asking you to remove your shoes - well I wouldn't as the floor is polished wood. Thursday's is apparently quiz nights. I do like a good quiz so I may come round joining :o) Above the fire place is a really big ass TV and today is showed the news.. does it need it? No - will it bring in Sports fans or provide a distraction? Yes.It is a really nice bar, but just missing that *oomph* for a full 5 star.
3	Had lunch here today... the tables in the sun = super fantastic... waiting 10mins to order at the bar = not so fantastic... waiting what felt like ages to get food = really not so fantastic... as it made me very rather late back to work... A great place for a leisurely lunch and a couple of drinks in the sun... should really have thought through restaurant choice on a one hour lunch break... My chilli dog was tasty and the chips were thick cut, crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside... = win!!Look forward to heading back after work one evening maybe when I can properly enjoy the outdoor seating!!
3	Only here for one drink so can't comment much on the place.Great location on The Shore and has outdoor seating. Probably not much of a draw in the winter but a bonus in the summer and there are quite a few tables, as opposed to the usual couple of tables for the smokers. Tables are close together so wouldn't want to be having a private conversation here.Food looks tempting and Alex J has mentioned the nachos here so I'll definitely be back to check it out again.
5	I like this place. It's got a good range of beer (Innis and Gunn Original and Lager on tap, Bacchus, La Chouffe etc. bottled), and it's got a nice atmosphere about it, too. Importantly, the beers aren't ridiculously priced, either - sure, they're not cheap, but they're affordable. I've heard it's got a nice beer garden, but so far I've only visited it when it's been cold and dark, so haven't managed to try it yet. It's probably my favourite pub in the Edinburgh area, to be honst.
4	Good beer, great food, very good service when we visited a Wednesday evening. Relaxed quality pub with decent prices for Shore.
