5	I've had many pest control contractors over the years.  Most last a year or so.  Then, they fail to fulfill their promises, don't treat properly, miss appointments, etc., etc., etc.  Bulwark is demonstrating that they're the opposite!  They call ahead.  They call to follow up.  They deliver what they've agreed to.  It seems like a simple concept, but they seem to be one of the few who "get it".Our technician was Tierra Watson.  She was pleasant, followed up, asked questions and went above and beyond to take care of us.  Having a skilled technician, who is also friendly and personable is a welcome change of pace.I highly recommend Bulwark and would suggest you ask for Tierra, by name!
5	These guys keep delivering!  They've got great people and it shows. This week's service was performed and exceeded my expectations. The technician was knowledgable, courteous and professional.  We discussed issues we were having and he went above and beyond to treat for those pesky little bugs that make a wife crazy. Nice job!
1	This is a customer service related review, not a product service review. I contacted Bulwark exterminating based upon the referral of a friend who uses Angie's list. Bulwark is a pest control company that is highly rated on Angie's List. In considering a company, I like to look at good reviews and bad, so I can get a wholistic idea of their service. Interestingly enough there are no bad reviews.  This should have been the first red flag for me.  All companies have a complaint or two.  No company is perfect. Bad reviews allow the consumer to identify areas of weakness of the company; as well as, analyze how well the company deals with problems.  For me it's not so much of do you have complaints, as it is how you deal with them.  When contacting this company, via the internet, a representative called me within 10 minutes.  I thought that was great. The representative then inquires as to your specific concerns and suggests a plan that would be beneficial to you.  This is okay, as I think you need to go me out to the residence and conduct an inspection to obtain a more accurate assessment of need. Therefore, providing an estimate with the understanding that an inspection may yield a different recommendation is more in line. Additionally, allowing the customer to decide if they want to accept the recommendation.  After the representative determined service need, he quoted the rate and frequency of service followed up with a quick slam dunk of "So what credit card do you want to place that on?"    I don't typically provide my credit card info over the phone, but I figured hey they are a good company, after all they are highly recommended on Angie's List.  Next, service date and times are discussed.  I was offered Wednesday or Friday.  I opted for Friday, and was told it would be between the hours of 8-10 am.  I said okay, BUT can you make it closer to 9, as I'm at work and my husband is dropping off the children at camp and will not return until 9. The rep said fine, I'll give a 20 minute call when enroute and the rep can start outside.  I don't typically function like this but again I'm thinking they are reputable because Angie's List says so. Fast forward to Friday..,I receive a call at around 8:10 advising that he is on the way to our home.  When I ask can you wait an hour before arriving, so my husband can return. The rep explains how he can't do that because if scheduling blah blah blah.  I then tell the rep fine go ahead and I call my husband to determine his location...of course he's not even near the home because it's just a little after 8 and he is driving to drop our children at camp.  I then call the Bulwark office and am immediately placed on hold........when the rep answers, I explain my situation and inquire as to the availability of Saturday hours. Well it takes the rep (5) FIVE minutes to locate my account using my address. She then tells me there is availability next Saturday.  I tell her no thank you cancel everything AND instruct her to destroy my card info and not to use it because this is clearly not the company for me. I do not function like that.  I must make arrangements that meet our needs and not the needs of the business. I'm the customer and you will not dictate how I do business. No better way than to have bad customer service for me to discontinue/not use your services and to tell everyone I know. I elected to use this company after speaking with a colleague and telling them I had arranged for Terminix to come out.  I was immediately told how horrible Terminix is and how I should use another company, so I cancelled Terminix and went with Bulwark.  I have also always heard praises about Angie's List.  Ummm NOT, and to know people are paying for that deceptive service.  Oh no, I will stick with my tried and true method of selecting companies and never again will I use an Angie's list recommendation, nor will I use a a service/company that ONLY has rave reviews.  That is a huge red flag.  Now don't get me wrong I'm not saying they should have horrible reviews but there should be some variances. It seems really suspicious at they don't. Long and short when you are conducting business and you are unable to get a wholistic view of how they might conduct business, OR you are constantly deviating from your safe business practices, KEEP MOVING. You should NEVER allow a company that you are laying to tell you how to do business.  That would be a NO. The company wants my business, so they will tailor their business to the customer. I hope this is useful for someone.
1	They showed up two hours late and then walked around my townhouse with a small spray can for less than 5 minutes.  He said it was too wet to do outside and would come back.  I told him to leave business card when he did .  No evidence he came back and no improvement in bug problem...paid with groupon and now keep getting bills .  I have tried calling to resolve problem and all they do is keep passing around call and keeping you in hold long periods of time.  Awful company..  Do not use!!!
5	Not sure what the big deal was with the bad review here, but after reading it, I would never want to have dealings with that lady....Anyway, David Woollen showed up this AM to get rid of hornets....He was calm, professional while my wife was freaken..:-)  He reassured her the type of hornet we had was harmless, she asked him to get rid of them anyway, and he did his duty!  Will call again!!
5	Great service from David W!!! Very professional!!
5	Ben Sykora provided great service - professional, friendly and efficient. Here's hoping the spiders stay at bay!
5	We've been using Bulwark for many years. We always have prompt, professional service. David Woollen is our tech and he's great!  We had some unexpected guests of the bug type show up & David was there the next morning to treat our house & reassure us that we would not be facing an invasion of more of the nasty creepy crawlers! Thanks David!
5	Donald H., our tech, called before arriving and showed up right on time.  He was very knowledgeable and explained everything he was doing to get rid of our pests.  He took the time to explain the process and the every two month service but did not try and do a hard sell. I This is my first time using Bulwark and I plan to use them again as long as I can et Donald as our tech.  FYI:  I chose this company and bought the service as a member of Angie's list.
4	Tierra was a gem!  Patient, worked with me and my 100 questions, and even gave me some advice counter to what I thought I should do.  Now that is value add!  If these pests come back, which I'm sure they will at some point or another, I'm going to call and ask for her to come back.  Thank you Bulwark for finding a great person who's not only knowledgeable but professional and a pure joy to be around.
5	I am completely satisfied with my service from Bulwark Exterminating.  I found their service from their Groupon. When I called to book service they were very informative of the whole process. I was able to book an appointment within a few days of calling with a pretty standard 2 hour window. On the day of service our Technician Jose Rojas called in advance to inform us he was on the way. He arrived promptly and introduced himself and reviewed our current pest problems. He then again went over the different treatments they would use. During indoor treatments he used protective covers on his feet to keep floors clean. At the end if the service he again reviewed all treatments he used and offered to answer any questions we had. We were told we could call back anytime in the 2 months warranty and they would return for free to treat again. We were very satisfied with the service Jose Rojas gave us and would recommend him to others.
5	David Woolen - Always prompt, always professional...
5	After an initial rough time rescheduling my start-up service, my technician Donald arrived on time, explained exactly what he was going to do, explained the every other month schedule, and did a very thorough job.  Donald asked me to escort him through the house as he removed the electrical wall plates in each room with an external wall, applied insecticide dust, and sprayed the floor boards and windows,
5	John I. came to the house today to inspect and prevent pests. He was great!  Very personable, respectful and informative. I hope we can get him back EVERY time!  As for Bulwark, we shall see if the bugs stay away...if not, they have a guarantee to come and spray again so seems like a win-win to me!!  Thanks John!
5	Ben S. is wonderful... very attentive and makes sure all problem areas are addressed before he leaves.  Thank you Ben!
5	We have been using Bulwark for over a year now and the results have been amazing.  They are prompt, helpful, courteous and the results are truly noticeable.  They get the work done very quickly and are always dressed as if they were the salesmen, not the people doing the actual work.  This is a professional company and David Woolen did a wonderful job.
5	Evann M. came to the house today to inspect and prevent pests. He was great!  Very personable, respectful and informative. I hope we can get him back EVERY time!  As for Bulwark, we shall see if the bugs stay away...if not, they have a guarantee to come and spray again so seems like a win-win to me!!  Thanks Evann!
5	After seeing a large water bug, I knew I wanted to make sure I did not see anymore. I called Bulwark and they had a technician out the very next day. Evann M. did a great job of treating the interior and exterior areas of my home. I will definitely use Bulwark in the future.
5	I had my first treatment today from John I. He was friendly and professional, and did a great job treating the outside and inside of my home (even inside the walls!). I am so glad I signed up for bi-monthly service with Bulwark. I would recommend them to anyone who does not like living with bugs!
5	David Woollen was right on time for the appointment, worked quickly while explaining what he was doing thoroughly, and offered helpful advice on things we could do to keep pests out of our living areas until the next service in two months. It was great meeting him and seeing him in action, very knowledgeable and professional. Five Stars.
5	Tierra Watson came to my home today for a first time treatment.  She was on time, explained everything she was doing and answered all my questions along the way.  I am very happy with the service that was provided and will be a repeat customer.
2	I followed up with Bulwark via email several times after the initial visit with some questions about touch up treatments, but never heard back. I eventually let them know I was cancelling my recurring service because of how disappointed I was with their lack of a response. I received a voicemail a couple weeks later asking me to call them back (and an excuse about how my emails "just showed up now"), but at this point, I'd rather find someone else whose customer service level is more dependable. Started off as a really positive experience, ended up as a total dud.
4	Speedy service, nice technician who calmly and expertly removed the spider webs (shudder) from our new house. The only thing I don't like is the whole cc on file, we'll just charge it every 2 months. Wish I could do auto pay from my account.
5	David Woollen did a very good job. I would highly recommend this company and technician.
5	David Woolen always does a fantastic job - friendly, courteous and careful around areas where pets and kids play. I appreciate Bulwark Exterminating's always fantastic customer service.
5	Tierra Watson was super courteous and professional. She was right on time, allayed all my concerns and scheduled a follow up immediately.
