5	We stayed here while in Surprise to watch the Royals at spring training. Our room was very nice with stainless steel appliances. Breakfast wasn't tremendous, but was ok and saved us time and money going somewhere else. There is a waffle maker, a variety of cereals, muffins, and fruit. The hotel pool area is nice as well and features a small basketball court.The hotel is located within a short walk of Surprise Stadium, so it is very convenient for Royals or Rangers fans. It is also conveniently located near Bell Road, which has a Target and nearly every type of restaurant available within a short drive.
5	This is a fairly new property. The decor is modern with comfortable and spacious guest rooms and public areas. Breakfast is included in the room rate at this time. It seems that they've added a few hot selections (eggs/sausage patties/potatoes) to the cereal and waffles offered and reviewed by Justin M.A full kitchen with a full size refrigerator, 2 burner cook-top, dishwasher, microwave and dishes in guest rooms would be very convenient for an extended stay. The pool and spa are a nice size and cleaned everyday. All areas of this property are cleaned and maintained daily. The staff is outstanding on every level from reservations made with Jose, the personable and friendly front desk contact "Olivia", to maintenance and the kitchen. "Cynthia" orchestrates the breakfast buffet and dinners (on Tue, Wed & Th) and does an outstanding job! Her top priority is guest satisfaction - her expertise is well known among guests (spread by word-of-mouth!!!).I noticed a seminar going on in a room just off of the main lobby. There is a large screen TV in the lobby and lots of comfortable seating options, including a couple of recliners with team logos for the teams that spend "Spring Training" here and practice at the field across the street.Two guest computers are located in the lobby area near the elevators. FREE wifi is available in guest rooms.Close to Bell Road which is full of shopping and dining opportunities. The hotel parking is safe and well lit.I stayed here for a family reunion in the area. I would stay again without hesitation.
4	I love me some Residence Inn, and stay at them on just about every business and personal trip I take that requires a hotel.This Residence Inn has a great front desk, and fantastic room service.  The rooms are impeccable.  My only negatives:- Not much in the form of food nearby.- The food service woman on 1/16/12 was a snippy witch.  They ran out of hamburgers 45 minutes before they stopped serving, and when I asked (a second time) when they were going to bring more burgers out, I got a short, impolite response.  I'm a pretty patient person but I really wanted to give her an earful, epithets and all.  After a long day on a job, and a 6 hour drive to do the job, I was in the mood for a burger, tired, hungry, and had a headache and didn't need some crappy miserable woman giving me attitude.  If I were her manager I'd have effin' fired her on the spot if I heard her talking to a customer like that.There.  I'm done.  Other than the burger bit#&, this place was great!
5	Wow.  Was there an error in my bill?  Did I really pay less here than I paid in Tonopah two nights ago?  Yes, I did.  I'm fairly convinced I wasn't dreaming.Was it perfect?  This is where I say "no," right?  Yeah, I think it might have been perfect.  I can't think of a single thing that went wrong.  I may be forgetting something, but if there was anything, it was small.The staff was a bit too professional, if that makes sense.  The room was big, well designed and well stocked.  I felt bad staying here just one night as I realize they are catering to those that are staying longer, but if they're going to allow it, I'm going to choose a place like this any day.I can't imagine why I'd need to stay in Surprise again, but if I do I'll be staying here.
5	Had a GREAT ROOM, super clean, quiet - Nice breakfast....see you again !
4	Very nice place.people are all very polite and helpful. Nice pool and fitness area. Laundry room is very nice and reasonably priced as well. The evening social hours are an added bonus!spotlessly clean and always someone cleaning somewhere,nice to see!wonderful place will definitely try to return,Love Marriott properties!!
5	This hotel is amazing. From the beds to the staff I can't say enough nice things! Will be staying again!!
5	We had our family block of rooms here for our wedding just over a week ago and the service was outstanding! They held and passed out our gift bags with no issues, we're so kind to all of our guests. Invited my husband and I to have breakfast with our family at the hotel on check out day. They treated us as though this was a five star resort! I definitely recommend having all out of town guests to stay here!!
