5	Wow!  Am I really the first to review this restaurant?  Did I actually beat Helen Y. to the punch?  ;)  Well, I have to give her props for making the reservations for this place!  Awesome pick!Let me start by saying this is one of the few restaurants that would actually make me rethink my Star Ranking system.  If I could give more than 5 stars, I would...but since I can't, I might have to readjust all of my previous reviews based on this one restaurant.Japonais has it all...great ambiance, fantastic service, and amazing food!  I'll start by telling you about our waitress, Tomoko.  This girl was perhaps the best server that I've ever had.  She was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and Sake, super friendly and personable, and very thoughtful.  I have to say that she really made the evening as without her help, our eating experience wouldn't have been the same.  On to the food!  To quote Stewie Griffin from "Family Guy", "OMG, there's an orgy in my mouth!"  Tomoko started us off with 3 different types of Sashimi and each one was to die for!  In particular, the Kampachi (Yellow Jack) and Akami (Tuna) were extremely buttery and melted in my mouth.  We asked for the leaner Akami and I swear, this stuff was better (and fattier) than some of the nicest Toro I've had elsewhere.The next highlight is the "The Rock."  A hot rock is brought to your table and accompanied by thinly sliced NY steak.  You take a slice of steak and cook it for about 3 seconds on each side on the rock and then eat. Aside from the novelty, the steak with its ponzu (?) marinade is extremely tasty and tender.  The only other place where I've experienced the hot rock cooking method was at a restaurant in Japan called Serena.Also included in the meal were a tasty crab roll, grilled Hamachi (Yellow Tail) in a sweet sake broth, and a delicious strawberry dessert the full details of which I can't recall at the moment.Tomoko's selection of Sake was also excellent.  I believe we had a cold Junmai Ginjyo sake called "Bichyuwajo."  It was extremely smooth and delicious.If you're ever in Vegas and love Sashimi and Japanese food, you must goto Japonais.  Don't think!  Just do it!
1	Ahhh and I'm the second to review it. So Japonais did not impress me. For starters I ordered the Bloody Mary with the wasabi shochu, that was ok...The sushi I didn't care for only because I've had sushi all over. So this visit was strictly hot foods. The consumme was eh...not the best. It had a citrus taste in it, and it made it a little bitter. The Lobster spring rolls....definitely good with the mango relish. Who isn't using that trendy mango relish nowadays? Mango salsa - mango relish. Yea real creative. There's a blood orange vinaigrette that I really didn't care for. Eh there's gotta be more to it.  I got the wagyu beef cut japanese clay pot.  Ok there was a lime cooked in it. 5 little pieces of beef....Hmmm right.... Well most culinarians know if you cook citrus you wanna add the citrus last because it makes your dish bitter when you cook it extended times. Le Quack Japonais....Hmmm it's kinda a version of Peking duck....with mango chutney. Hmmm how original. It was ok. This dish was also something that wasn't new and imaginative. It was good. It wasn't GREAT! If you want this fancy fusion. Yes try it if you got the budget for it. I'm not quite impressed with the menu. The ambiance is nice. It seems the tables are a little close though. That flat rock thing with the steak is their novelty item. I didn't like the fact that I tried to order steamed rice and it was an ordeal. So over all 5 things. 2 dishes were ok - ambiance nice, I'm thinkin 1-2 stars....I'll round down. :)
5	Come to Japonais if you want top quality fish and I mean GRADE A+ SASHIMI. I've been to the several Nobus, Sushi Yasuda in NYC, Sasubune in LA, and Kiss Seafood in SF but I have to say this place is the best sashimi I've tasted. Thanks to our wonderful waitress Tomoko for her knowledgeable recommendations. Our meal wouldn't have been the same without her help!Another favorite is "the Rock" -- this is probably a signature Japonais dish. You literally throw a slab of thinly sliced NY strip steak onto the hot rock and it cooks in less than 5 seconds. SO GOOD.I will definitely come back and better yet, I now want to try the other locations in Chicago and NY.
3	Really great atmosphere.. I was intrigued by the lollipop bush in the center of the room, the jagged wood planks hanging from the ceiling, the dark wood floors and walls.  The food is pricey, even for a japanese restaurant, but it could be because it was vegas (I would expect similiar pricing downtown chicago).  I ordered a tuna steak dish (which was pretty good with it's pureed wasabi mashed potatoes).  The tuna tuna salmon roll was a dissapointment.  First of all, I don't know how they call it a roll?  It was fish tossed on a ball of rice, that's sashimi, not a roll!  I've had much more interesting and tasty rolls at much lesser sushi restaurants.
3	We came here around 6:30 and it was pretty empty.  By the time it was eight, it was packed.  No surprise.  I thought the decor was cool, but the tables were set too close to each other.  We started out with oysters, HUGE shrimp, and a whole bunch of sushi.   All were very good, but I honestly did expect a little more.  The standout of the night was hands down, UNI, which was exceptionally, as Rachel Ray would annoyingly say, "Yum-O."  Its a must try.  I ordered Kobe beef (the shoulder part) and as expected, it was a little more tough.  But honestly, it tasted like the cheap beef my mom cooks when she is in a rush to feed us kids.  Sorry mom if you are reading this.A few yelpers really liked their servers.  Our server was also very nice and helpful.  Personally, I have a pet peeve when servers memorize everything instead of actually knowing what they are talking about.  I dont know how to explain it, but our waiter answered all questions by regurgitating answers, instead of putting any thought into it.  Ahh, maybe I'm just weird.  So for five people, our bill came out to 800 bucks.  Yes we ordered a lot of food, and Yes, we had some alcohol, but $800?  You know what really did it, the numerous numerous numerous glasses of port wine at the end of the meal.  Satisfying? Yes!  Was is worth it?  I'm still deciding...
5	A classy restaurant with a hint of eccentric and abstraction. Lighted pillars, abstract bonsai tree centerpiece, large mirrors of different sizes filled the walls. Take note of the dress code of the staff and the Japanese inspired cuisine with European hints. Sushi chef: collared shirt and tie; server: collared shirt, vest and tie, busers and cocktail servers: mandarin collared. The last time I checked Mandarin collars were Chinese and the chefs definitely looked like Chinese cooks. Not that I'm complaining, it was just quite interesting.Again the food reflected Chinese influences, not that the food was not great. For example, the Kani Kani, directly translate to "Crab Crab" was a very Cantonese dim sum dish. A crab mousse wrapped around a crab leg then deep fried with a passion fruit sauce. The fried coat did not drown out the sweetness of the crab. What happened to the European influences? Either way, the food had flavor, eye appeal, filling. Please try their signature, Mediterranean inspired Tuna Flatbread, olives, cheese, tuna, shichimi. Madai Mushi, is sake poached Madai, seared Diver Scallops with stewed Japanese Eggplant and a Black bean sauce was flavorful and tender. My friend had the Wagyu Toban which is Wagyu beef served in a miniature hotpot. The Wagyu was quite flavorful and tender. Definitely try the sushi. I only tried the Otoro, which was the best I've had. Once in my mouth, the flesh melted like butter, literally. The dessert did not disappoint; Kobacha Cheesecake, five-spice pineapple mousse and an almond tuile. The light airy texture of the mousse balanced well with the dense cheesecake and the crispy cookie. The dish was not overly sweet and the complex flavors matched well, a great ending to a great meal.Our server was great. He was easy going, comedic, helpful and attentive. Most of the time servers are quite uptight with professionalism. Professionalism is great but diners like a fun time also. He kept tabs on us and returned at the perfect time. When we needed something, we look up and he was there; the glass was never emptied. He showed us a great time.Free casino parking, valet if preferred.Food: 9 Service: 9.5 Cost: $60/person
4	Daaaaamn...I just read some of the other reviews, and it looks like a bunch of people going to Vegas expect magicians to pop out of their sushi rolls and tell them that dinner is free of charge.I was pretty impressed with this place. At first I was terrified, after seeing the lounge and thinking that it was the restaurant itself. I thought, "wow, zero privacy, and pretty loud for a dinner spot", but then I realized what I was seeing and my mind brightened again knowing that they had such a cool attachment to the restaurant. The food was awesome (not so into the asparagus, but whatever), the cocktails were super tasty, and...most importantly...service was outstanding. It's all about presentation and professionalism when it comes to a great dining experience, and Japonais had both. It was also a real treat to have a light-yet-filling meal in Vegas. Most of these nicer dinner places there are all saturated in some heavy stuff, and you can't seem to escape meat. Japonais is awesome.
4	I was pleasantly surprised. Didn't know anything about the cachet of the chef or signature dishes. After panicking briefly at the prices, my sister and I calmed down and resigned ourselves to the Vegas markup.Atmosphere - Looks like you're about to eat in a bar in the lobby of a casino, until you find the main entrance. Nice enough decor. Music too loud.Service - Helpful and well-versed with the menu offeringsDishesSashimi carpaccio - The reason this is a four star review. The Akami with garlic sauce was stellar. Toro was divine.Hamachi "Hawaiian style" (very slightly seared) - Great quality. Sauce was well-balanced.Crispy shrimp and salmon roll - Nicely done with the tride and true combo of shrimp tempura and avacado with a layer of salmon on the outside. Nothing you couldn't get at your local sushi purveyor.Lobster spring rolls - Eh. Couldn't taste the lobster.Drinks - Nigori sake (can't really mess that up) and Cucumber martini. The drink wasn't overly sweet, but it was not to die for either.
3	Food was really amazing... The service was borderline creepy. The "manager" who "had been there FROM DAY ONE!" was a little too hungover/cracked out to be waiting on diners in a spendy sushi joint. He honestly was hovering around us and listening to us discuss the menu. When I went to order for the table he already had all teh item s listed. Yeah, that sounds like good service but not when this guy looked like he was gonna pass out and had no personal skills...CREEPY, but good food. Sean the "king of the grill" was who we wish we had waiting on us.A
4	My one complaint was toward the dizzy hostess, but everything else was great.  We did not have a reservation and was told that we can have a table.  However, the hostess walked us over to the sushi bar, even after I requested no sushi bar seating, so we declined.  We walked out and dined at the its lounge area instead.  The Japonais lounge area is right smack in a busy crossing area for people going/leaving the casino area.  We were people-watching while waiting for our food.We were pleasantly surprised that it was much more comfortable to eat here (in a chaise/sofa) instead of the dine-in area.  It feels more romantic, most likely due to the draperies, low lighting, faux trees, and sound of waterfalls.  The full menu and bar selections are also available in the lounge area.  The restaurant also allows the convenience of charging your bill to your hotel - as long as it's part of the MGM hotel line (We stayed at the Bellagio) As for food, it's no different than the one in Chicago.  Overall, we enjoyed the food and were glad that we dined at the Japonais lounge area instead as we had 2.5 hours to kill before the Cirque "LOVE" show, which was showing in the same hotel.
5	Loved this place...great loungy area to hang out with a large group of friends, chill, have a few drinks, and catch up... if you're up for it.. you can also pull yourself up...dance a bit...and enjoy the night...Their drinks are stiff...shots are awesome... and waitresses are plenty and helpful!
2	Maybe I just don't understand the trendy fine-dining scene, but I am from the school that says that if you pay a good amount of money, the food should taste good and there should be plenty of it.I knew we were in trouble when I ordered and the waitress asked if we were sure that was all we wanted, because their portions are small and what we ordered probably wouldn't fill us up.  I told her we'd start with it and see how we felt.She was right, but my biggest issue was the taste of the food.  The kani kani was good, but the consomme was very fishy.  And the Hawaiian Hamachi, six frito-sized slices of fish spread out as much as possible on the plate, were next to flavorless.All the reviews I've seen on this place have been good, so it's quite possible that this is just not my kind of place.  I'm sure the quality of ingredients were top-notch, and the atmosphere of the place was fun, but when I'm hungry, what can I say?  I want food.We had a couple drinks and said uncle.  The bill came out to about $65 before the tip, but I think our experience there can be summed up by the fact that we ended up walking over to the nearby deli at the sports book to actually eat.
3	Luckily, I'm with high rollers, so this meal was free. The food was deeeeeeecent. We got the kobe "burger" (which is actually kobe ground beef on skewers), some nigiri and sashimi, the kobe rib eye, and other stuff. I can't say that the food was memorable. It was good--but not memorable.What was memorable was the fact that I got carded for ordering a ketel tonic, and then my drink was forgotten. It just seemed like the service was lacking a bit, maybe because it was Christmas Day.
4	You know how it is.  Sometimes you take for granted the things you have in your town and it takes a trip to the Vegas to get you to give it a whirl.Hub and I were in Vegas for his 30th birthday.  He's was a Vegas virgin and the Mirage was basically giving him money.   We're not into the club scene so we were basically there to gamble, eat, drink and gamble.It was time to take a break from the gambling and we opted to try Japonais, since the cash was flowing like the hair of Rapunzel.  We sat in the front lounge - it  was still very early by Vegas standards and I am pretty sure the actual restaurant was empty but we didn't have a reservation so were pointed to the lounge.  That was fine with us.We had two of the special rolls to start and they were both fantastic.  So good that it took my hub several months to even want to eat sushi anywhere else (he didn't even want to try the Japonais in Chicago).   So good that instead of ordering entrees or something else to share, we ordered two more rolls.  So good.I still don't think we will ever check out the Japonais in Chicago bc, quite frankly, we have a lot of places left to try here.  But, dang, it was good.
5	If I could give this place 10 stars I would. DEE LISH US!!!! Although it's a bit pricey I think it was worth every penny. Luckily I didn't have to use any from my piggy bank. I had the most amazing drink called Le Rouge. Boys don't order this drink it's a little too girly for you with floating orchids. Definitely order the rock maybe even two. It's very cool to cook your own meat on a hot stone. I could go on and on and on. There was not one thing that we ordered that was not fabulous. It's a must when in Vegas.
4	Cool lounge.  Hip decor. I would have given 5 stars or more, but I have to deduct points for the unfriendly waitress. Were her boots two sizes too small or what?!The food though was amazing. We had an awesome tuna/salmon roll. A shrimp and scallop skewer. And The Rock. Which is a river rock that is heated to 500 degrees and used to cook very thinly sliced marinated beef. Soooooooo good and fun.
4	I hit up Japonais for late night eats.  They have a late night menu that was basically a very condensed version of their regular menu.  Kobe Beef Carpaccio - pretty good.  A bit too much seasoning.  All I tasted was pepper.  It was still good though.Manju Buns - I really really wanted to try these.  Steamed buns w/ braised prok & sweet and sour sauce.   Be still my heart.  Unfortunately, they were out.  While this saddened me quite a bit, I got a weird sense of satisfaction from just seeing it on the menu.  I still took one star away because they ran out.Smoked Kobe Robata - SO GOOD.  Fell right off the skewer.  Delicious.  We ended up ordering 2 orders.Sake - I don't remember which kind we ordered, which is really sad.  But honestly, lets face it, its Vegas and by the time I met this bottle of sake, my tastebuds were pretty much fried.It was a very comfortable environment and really...it wasn't THAT expensive for really delicious, convenient, late night eats.
5	Since I actually live in Vegas, I don't often eat out on the strip...but on the insistence of a good friend, I decided to try Japonais, right in the heart of the strip at the Mirage resort/casino. This place was AMAZING. It is on the pricey side, but definitely worth a trip a few times a year. The portions are small, and the atmosphere is very quaint. The service is top notch!!! Everyone is very friendly, and there is not as much fakeness as one may find elsewhere on the strip in Vegas.Stand out dishes were the capaccio, sashimi (wow, fish gets cut for personal orders and is extremely fresh, and of course, yummy pork dough balls (forgot the technical name). I usually dislike meats, but Japonais made beef taste impeccable and pork taste otherworldly. I did not miss my vegetables here.Highly recommended.
5	Floating Orchid = Best drink I had in Vegas(caution - my review is based only on this drink)
3	Floating Orchid - GoodPeach Sangria - GreatFood - Small portions but ithey tasted excellentWe were seated in the curtain, dining area...not much going on and felt quite boring. While I somewhat enjoyed this visit, I won't be returning.
5	This was the most amazing food I've had in a long time.  The decor and the environment were great, both in the restaurant and bar area.  The service was fast and our server had great recommendations.  The other great thing about their food is that it's served to be family style, so share away!We had some miso soup (super yum!) and sushi (ebi and the baked king crab) which was great and very fresh.  The main course was excellent -  fillet mignon with asparagus and the truffle oil mashed potatoes.  This was the BEST steak I've had and I could cut it (and did) with a fork.  I highly recommend this dish to anyone that goes there.  We also had a desert that was some type of cheesecake with pineapple and I think pumpkin.  It wasn't like any cheesecake we'd had before and was great!We'll definitely be going back to Japonais next time we're in Vegas!
4	the tuna tuna salmon roll was some of the best sushi i have ever eaten. our waitress was friendly and full of helpful advice. decor and presentation, excellent. a little splurge-y, but worth it.
1	Yelper's, I have purposely avoided going to the NYC Japonais for a reason and after dining at the Vegas Japonais, my reasons for steering clear of it has been reaffirmed.I am a HUGE fan of Sushi/Sashimi and for some reason, never had any desire to check out the Japonais in NYC. It's partially due to the reviews I've read about it along with it just looking like another place that is all show but no substance. Don't get me wrong, I like going to places that offers eye candy but if you're gonna charge me for it, at least justify it with the food you offer which is something I never felt Japonais offered.Welp, after dining at the Vegas location, my reasons were confirmed. It's pricey for the quality and quantity offered. Being that it was my hun's birthday weekend, my hun was craving for sushi and wanted to give 'em a try and so, I appeased, albeit reluctantly.The only thing it has going for it was the service. Our server was first rate and extremely attentive without being annoying. The ambiance is nice but unfortunately, the food itself is 'meh' and that is why folks, it gets such a low rating.
5	Be warned, you will need to make a stop off at Mickey D's afterward - it's like that commercial where the couple gets really tiny portions at the exclusive restaurant and ends up splurging at a convenience store (with their Mastercard, of course). However, the food at Japonais is really as good as it gets for Western-inspired Japanese cuisine.Be prepared to pay onerous prices for very small portions, but rest assured you will dine on delicious, high quality cuts of fish. Definitely one of the best sushi restaurants I've ever eaten at - every dish we ordered was superb:-Spicy tuna roll - my Japanese restaurant staple. High quality tuna right off the bat.-Sakana Carpaccio - 3 types of fish x 2 slices of each. Again, quality meat in a light, tasty sauce.-The Rock - NY strip steak slices cooked on hot rock. Delicious beef, cook it yourself on a 500-degree hot rock for a clean, savory taste.-Chilean Seabass Cartoccio - Not clue what Cartoccio means but my guess is "delicious, tender fish cooked inside plastic soup bag"Top it all off with pumpkin cheesecake (top layer was a little heavy on the cinnamon, but delicious inside) and this was the best tasting meal I've had in awhile.
3	Great bar located in atrium area of the Mirage Hotel and Casino. This bar has an indoor/outdoor feel to it because of the skylight and slightly elevated space just above the casino floor. The vibe is contemporary Japanese, with an elegant aesthetic and very uncomfortable seating. :)The signature drinks that we girls ordered were pretty disappointing (sake sangria and some cucumber martini), however the drinks the guys had were red bull vodkas and were mixed well. Japonaise serves food late, however I didn't bother to look at the menu because of the mind blowing dinner at Sushisamba (review to follow) we had beforehand. The bar is open until 2am and they have a few TV screens in the bar area and are viewable pretty much anywhere you sit.
5	Restaurant Week has arrived in Vegas and what better opportunity to check out a few restaurants while helping a worthy cause?Japonais was among the many restaurants listed, but their menu was the most diverse with quite a few selections to choose from as well.Arriving for an early dinner on this Labor Day Monday, we were seated along the back after requesting a side by side seating.  We were both surprised with the interior of this restaurant and the sushi bar.For $50.08 per person, we had a three course dinner ahead of us.To start, appetizers to choose from included Crab Cakes, Lobster Spring Rolls, Hawaiian Hamachi, Ahi Tuna Ceviche, Spicy Tuna Maki, etc.  We both chose the "Kobe Carpaccio with soy, ginger, pearl onions and tempura shallots."  What a divine appetizer to start with!  Delicately sliced and presented on a rectangular plate, the crunchiness from the shallots and sweetness from the onions provided a perfect balance.  The Big F was in complete heaven!Entree choices ranged from Seafood Toban Yaki, Ahi Tuna Steak, Salmon Japonais, Chestnut Chicken, and Le Quack Japonais.  We both decided on the "Petite Filet Mignon with truffle potato puree, grilled asparagus and uni butter."  The 4 oz. filet was cooked perfectly rare with a very good flavor.  The uni butter was a nice touch, but the potato puree and thick syrupy sauce made the meal so decadent and rich.  Instead of the grilled asparagus, we substituted with grilled broccolini.  It provided a nice crunch and contrast to the silky smooth potato puree.Dessert was a "Trio of Chef's Specialties" that included their Kabocha Cheesecake "Japanese pumpkin cheesecake with an almond cookie crust", their "Chocolate Ginger Mousse Cake" with gold flecks, and vanilla bean ice cream.  A generous dessert after such a rich meal.  The mousse cake was light, but also quite dense with flavor and richness.  The cheesecake had a more unique flavor, especially with the nice crust.  And a scoop of good vanilla ice cream and fresh berries always complements a dessert well, and provides a nice finish.Service was great.  Our water was always refilled before it ever reached the half mark, and our waitress was thorough and friendly.  She came by often to check on us and let us know the status of our order.  Overall, we had a fabulous experience with great food and good service.  It's a bit pricey for their sushi since they sell their nigiri by the piece!  But the Big F enjoyed the meal so much that he'd be willing to go back again this week just to enjoy it again!Side notes:* Industry night: 50% off industry menu every Wednesday in their lounge.* Late Night Dining: Late night menu every Thursday, Friday, & Saturday until 1 am.(Pics of our dinner are posted!)
3	So this is between a 3 and 4 but I'm going to round down due to the hostess! She didn't bring us the restaurant week menus and was very rude when we asked for them. She even made the point of hiding the restaurant week menus she was holding for another table behind her back! Very rude.. anywaysService was good otherwise. Le Quack Japonais: My bf loved the mooshu (taco-type) style wraps over the typical buns. I prefer the buns. Either way this is a tasty duck dish.Sushi/FIsh: Tasty and fresh, but not as good as I had hoped sadly. I had had baby tuna at the Chicago location and the baby tuna here disappointed me.. just not quite the right texture and not nearly as good. I can however say the hawaiian hamachi was awesome.Kobe carpaccio: eh.. as many have said the meat is so completely covered in spices you can't taste the beef itself! I much prefer this dish at Cut as the seasoning doesn't completely overwhelm the beef.Dim Sum/BBQ pork buns: mmmmm these were quite tasty. Honestly I'm sure they are tastier at your fav dim sum spot, but it was a nice touch being able to order these along with other sushi, etc.Desserts are nice, but the drinks are even nicer. The Rouge and the Floating Orchid were both quite tasty. I'd definitely come back to Japonais to sit in the lounge and have overpriced tasty cocktails.Overall a tad pricey for what you get, but what isn't in Vegas? Out of the asian fusion places I've been to I prefer Sushi Samba, Nobu, and Tao, but I do prefer Japonais to Little Buddha.
3	It's kind of funny that I go to Japonais in Las Vegas instead of the one here in Chicago.  I kind of knew going into the place that everything was kind of fu-fu and upscale.  But you know how Vegas is, everything is in excess.  As we walked into Japonais and sat down, I noticed that there weren't a lot of people there just yet, I figured we were just early.  People started filing in as we were finishing up dinner.  Everything was very well put together, all the dishes, tables, aesthetics were very pleasing.  I took a few photographs of some of the floral arrangements they had.  We ordered the Chef's special roll which was a salmon and tempura shrimp roll, we also ordered "the rock" which is thin slices of kobe beef that you cook yourself on a hot rock that lies on a bed of salt.  Pretty neat and tasty.  The chef's special roll was pretty good, very fresh and the rock was pretty good as well.  For our entrees we got the Kobe Beef, the Red Snapper and the Grilled Hamachi.  All of the dishes were well prepared and presented very well.  The Kobe Beef was my favorite, the beef was perfectly cooked and seasoned the mashed potatoes had some kick to it and the asparagus was perfectly cooked also.  All around great dish, only drawback was that there were only 4 pieces...:(.  My Grilled hamachi was pretty good too, I wasn't sure what kind of fish Hamachi was, it is a white fish that's got a mild flavor and texture.  The broth that came with the Hamachi was great, there were also these fried shrimp dumplings that went perfectly with the Hamachi.  My wife's Red Snapper dish was pretty good as well, again perfectly cooked and prepared.All in all, great atmosphere and food, I wouldn't expect anything less than a restaurant/bar that's located in the Mirage hotel and casino.  However, I did take off a star because of the waiter who was kind of sneering at my order of Coke as my drink since I'm allergic to alcohol.  Ah well, no body's perfect eh?
4	It depends on what you're looking for.If you're looking for an eye-candied, fancy, somewhat expensive place to have a drink, then this is a good choice.
3	A few weeks ago, a few friends and I took a quick trip to Vegas. One of our stops was Japonais at the Mirage. I've never been but had heard good things about it.As you'd expect from any high end Vegas restaurant, the price was high. Usually, when dealing with the concept of overpriced, you relate paying too much for bad food. This wasn't the case for Japonais - the food was excellent. Every mouthful could make you think "Man... this is the best ___ I've had". The main drawback was the portions. And for a couple of hungry guys, we did the unthinkable and ordered extra rice and mixed it with our soy sauce!Not classy, I know.
3	Seven guys there for my buddy's 40th Birthday celebration.  Ok, not specifically at Japonais, but in Vegas for it.  We were deciding between Japonais and Sushi Roku at the Forum Shops and Japonais won out.It shouldn't have.Granted, the place is fu-fu like we expected, but seven guys didn't really want to go and share skinny slices of beef.  The sushi was decent, but not great by any means.  The service was good and the waitress was Japanese (this may not matter to some, but it always adds a little bit to my experience at any Japanese joint).Hot rock thing was cool where they bring a heated stone to 400 degrees and you cook your own thinly sliced marinated slices of meat on it.  The Spider Roll was tasty.  The rest was sort of forgettable.  Everything was decent, but not great.  Pricy, but not a good value.With so many great spots to eat in Vegas, why would you settle for this mediocre place?Luckily we didn't do too much damage at only $60/ head.Anyone have Sushi Roku's number?
4	We dined here while waiting for the late night performance of the LOVE show (which was great!). Easily cruised in on Val's day and scored a nice table in the bar area. It is a bit noisy, but not as bad as I would have expected, considering it is right off the casino floor and they bump the loungesque music. Boss enjoyed a special drink for the night. It had a flower in it. And it was sweet. That's all I can remember. As everyone has stated, the prices are too high. It is unfortunate, because the food they serve is quite tasty. Boss and I split two sashimi plates. Both were nice: eel and very fresh red snapper. But again, pricey - $12 for a 2-piece sashimi plate. Ugh.We next sampled the lobster spring rolls. These came with a really nice mango-garlic compote and served as a great prelude to the meat. We splurged on the 7-spice kobe rib eye. It was pretty amazing. Very tender and seasoned quite well. Partnered with sweet potato fries which were also savory. The steak approached $90. Yikes!We finished everything ordered. Maybe that's because the portions are small. But you have to remember, this place definitely goes for the quality over quantity approach, so that has to count for something.
3	went here for a dinner with my girlfriends and we had a wonderful time. the sushi was okay. i only remember a few things about this place. 1. the wine we had was amazing. all i remember is it was from france and it was very yummy. we had two bottles of that.2. the dessert was orgasmic. nipples get hard while eating the chocolate trio that they have. i decided to pull it my way and no one else had any. and man was it amazing. 3. service, the service was on point. i love having people actually pay attention to your table and helping you get things and refill water, silverware without having you look around and calling them over. we had a few bottles of champagne and it was just a wonderful experience. the place was beautiful and i love the decor.
4	Had a big dinner here our first night in town. It was good, but there were definite stand outs that stood above the rest. The second night, we wised up and came back before our show and only got 2 orders of the things we liked best--the special salmon/shrimp roll, "the rock," and the shitake rice casserole. Completely delicious, a very reasonable tab, and the perfect snack to hold us over til 11.
1	I was quite disappointed at this place. Maybe I made significant mistakes in my menu selection. The only thing positive was the maki rolls, well, ok , and the sashimi. We had thelobster spring rolls - too much veggies, where's the lobster?crabcakes - unimpressive, where's the crab?Manju buns - dry on the outside, bland on the inside, the buns looked like my kids' fake bao (steamed buns) made with play-dohThe Rock - interesting presentation, extremely salty sauceKobe skewer - the cut was way too big, the meat tough and chewy. I highly doubt it is kobe soft shell crab maki - very good. crispy, freshsnow crab maki - it was better than I expected, esp. with the sauce to add more flavor Also ordered a few of the usual white fish sashimi, this is probably the highlight of our dinner. About $200 for the two of us sans drinks. I was still not completely full because some of the dishes, esp the manju buns, I had to let them go to waste.  Despite the food, our server still got a big, fat tip. He was really nice, and ..... business was really s-l-o-w.
4	Went here with the GF before we went in to the Love Show.  Food and service was both great.  We both had the filet mignon and both loved it.  If this place was just a tad less expensive ($48 for the filet mignon) it would have been 5 stars all the way.
4	Japonais was actually on my "to try" list....but in New York. I remember passing by it near Union Square and wondering if the fusion would be too coy for my taste...or maybe too koi? OK, I thought that was funny. Anyway, I don't have to waste a meal on my next trip to Manhattan since the owners opened an outpost here in the Mirage in Vegas. I can well imagine this place has the same, coolish vibe as its sister eateries in New York and Chicago. But you have to bear the ongoing hum of the casino and the unending stream of foot traffic passing by. The verdict on the food? Pretty good but kinda spartan on the portions. Jamie W. and I were at the Mirage to see the Cirque de Soleil show, this one an elaborate Beatles tribute called "Love" just right across the floor. The hotel concierge was pressing Japonais on us as a dining option, and our apathy made us cave. They offer a Lounge Dinner for Two for $45 - which allows you and a companion to eat at the bar and have two appetizers and then share an entree and a dessert. That's not really a terrible deal - but the meal did leave us hungry after the show. We tried the Lobster Spring Rolls and the Sweet and Sour Calamari for starters (see my photos). The three rolls were good and crunchy, though I honestly couldn't tell if they did contained lobster in them. However, the mango relish and blood orange vinaigrette were nice tropical accents. The calamari had nice texture and came clumped together in a sweet sauce undercut by a wasabi vinaigrette. Against all odds, it worked especially with the black sesame seeds sprinkled on top. For our entree, Jamie and I split the Chestnut Chicken which was nicely marinated in a lemon ginger sauce. It came with a shiitake rice casserole with corn and peas and some sauteed brocollini (see my photo). Tasty though hardly what I would call fusion. Just wish I got more than half a breast. For dessert, it was the Chocolate Indulgence, a little mousse cake heavy on chocolate and ginger (see my photo). We were probably out of the place in less than forty minutes, and I have to say the service was perfectly adequate. You could do a lot worse in Vegas. After all, what you eat in Vegas stays in Vegas, at least in their city sewage system. FOOD - 4 stars...pretty good for a lounge menu, but I would have paid more to be truly satisfied AMBIANCE - 3.5 stars...coolish, trendy with lots of loud tourists around the bar SERVICE - 4 stars...never felt ignored, that's for sure TOTAL - 4 stars...still seems pricey for what you get, and splitting dishes in Vegas just seems so wrong
5	Whoa, this place was amazing! It is located in the Mirage. First of all, THE DECOR! You are surrounded by palm trees and foliage. There is also a beautiful waterfall. It's all so extravagant and hard to explain-you just need to see it, really.I tried:The Rock - a sizzling-hot rock is brought out to you along with strips of strip steak. You cook your steak yourself. The steak is in a delicious soy ginger sauce.Crispy Shrimp and Salmon Roll - No need for soy sauce here, as recommended by the chef. Soft Shell Crab RollLe Quack Japonais - The hoisin sauce was outstanding. Lovely maple flavoring.Shrimp Roll-the rice had a slight wasabi flavor to it. YUM for me, not so much for my date.Sake (I think it was Tozai) - Smooth, creamy vanilla. Slight spicy undertone.Our service was impeccable. They waited on us, hand-and-foot. I believe it was the manager that convinced me to switch my drink order from Floating Orchid to the Tozai. At a point, while trying to cook on The Rock, I spilled my Sake, and the staff cleaned it up immediately, and gave me a new half-glass!You MUST try this place out!
4	Since my two girlfriends and I were staying at the Mirage and had walked by Japonais quite a few times over the weekend, we decided to give it a try and we are so glad we did. The concierge made us reservations for Saturday night at 7:30 pm. The restaurant was not overly busy which allowed us to experience first class service and impeccable food in a chic space. I loved the waterfall in the far corner and thought the lighting was perfect, although one table near us did complain about a spotlight.We tried:Crispy Shrimp and Salmon Roll - enjoyed by my dining companions very much (I skipped it as I don't enjoy sushi)Calamari - loved the flavor and thought it was very interesting that it came out in rectangles and not the rings and tentacles that I am used to seeing in other restaurantsThe Rock - it's steak cooked on a hot rock. I've seen presentations in other restaurants like it, but maybe I'm easy to please, but it always amazes me. The rock only stays hot for about 6-7 min, so cook and eat fast. I don't even like steak very much and I really liked this dish due to the flavor of the marinate.Crab cakes - my least favorite dish which makes me sad as I am a huge crab cake fan. My biggest complaint is that they cakes were a bit too "soft" for me...I prefer them to be a tad crispy. But it's personal preference I am sure.Chicken robata - loved the rub on the chicken and thought the dish was moist and the chicken was cooked perfectly. The skewers were a tad hard to remove though!Randolph Muller Riesling - nice flavor without being overly sweet. Perfect compliment to the all the dishes we tried.Our bill came to $150 before tip; it would have been less but we sent the lobster spring roll dish to a table of four gentlemen at a table near us. Our waiter didn't think our request to do so was odd (we figured he had done it before!) and the guys said the spring rolls were delicious. Plus they ordered a bottle of red wine to share with us, so it worked out to our advantage.Great choice for dinner, although next time I think I would like to sit in the lounge.
4	If you're in Vegas Japonais is a definite must! This is hands down, one of the best values for your money you're going to find right now. On a recent trip to Vegas, a group of friends and I had dinner at Japonais. We specifically requested to be seated at the lounge, and were happy with our decision because the atmosphere was vibrant and sophisticated, yet very relaxed. The perfect atmosphere for friends to enjoy a nice meal and a few cocktails. While we were there, we took advantage of the lounge dinner for 2 - $45. For $45, a friend and I shared 2 different appetizers, had 1 (each) of the same entree, and shared a dessert. We also opted to take advantage of the lucky 7 lounge special, which offered appetizers and cocktails for $7 a piece. I started off with the floating orchid cocktail which was really pleasant and complimentary to my meal. Nice presentation, with an edible orchid on top. To start with, my friend and I shared the lobster spring rolls, which were plated over a mango relish and served with a blood orange vinaigrette. The spring rolls were tasty, my only complaint was that you didn't really get much lobster flavor. We also got the spicy terriyaki chicken drumettes with scallion sauce. They weren't particularly spicy and the chicken was completely saturated with terriyaki sauce that the American palette is used to - overly sweet with too much soy. Needless to say this wasn't my favorite part of the meal... But other parts certainly made up for the disappointment of the wings. The softshell crab roll was among the better I've tried, and the presentation was more interesting than your typical roll. The maki had softshell crab on the inside, but the legs were placed on the top. Super crunchy! For our entree, we ordered the petite filet with uni butter served over truffled mashed potatoes and asparagus. So good.. The filet was so tender. It's that great melt in your mouth sensation. The potatoes were good, as well. Plenty of truffle flavor, though the texture seemed more like polenta to me and I would have preferred them to be lighter to compliment the steak.We actually weren't aware that dessert came with out meal, so that was a pleasant surprise! For dessert we had the pumpkin cheesecake. I'm not much of a cheesecake person because it's heavy, but I really enjoyed this. Interestingly, the crust consisted of what we typically associate with a cheesecake: it was dense and creamy, and the filling actually consisted of this really light whipped pumpkin filling. Really excellent. All in all we ended up spending about $40 a person, and were completely stuffed at the end of the meal. It was completely worth it. Japonais is one of the restaurants I had on the list I'd like to try. I'm definitely likely to return for a happy hour, since the value is incredible and the food is fairly enjoyable.
3	Came here for $7 happy hour (5-8) with a group of 4 on a Monday around 7:30.  We were told there was a 15 minute wait, but when we saw other people getting tables we went back to the hostess who proceeded to seat us.  The atmosphere is chic and I like how the sheer curtains give you a sense of privacy (even though they do manage to fit a lot of people in).  We weren't really hungry so we just ordered the lobster spring rolls, spicy tuna roll, and two soft shell crab rolls to share.  The lobster egg rolls were good, but the TINIEST THINGS EVER.  Imagine an egg roll the size of your pinky that costs 3.50.  A tiny party in your mouth, I guess.  Would definitely NOT recommend getting it if you are hungry.  The spicy tuna rolls were small, too, but there were 6 tiny pieces and the tuna was delicious.  The soft shell crab roll is probably the best bang for your buck.  Also 6 pieces, with generous portions of soft shell crab legs on top of the sushi.  Yummy!  The drinks looked really interesting.  In case you are wondering, the Floating Orchid is akin to a pear martini.
4	I was very impressed with Japonais. My friends and I went for happy hour. They offered a nice menu with prices starting at $7 from 4pm-8pm. I tried the crab sushi, shrimp sushi and spring rolls. Everything was very good. I was in the mood for sushi and definetly left satisfied. Don't forget the Floating Orchid Drink!  I was happy to learn that there is a Japonais in Chicago!! Yay!
4	If you're a fan of fusion food and you happen to be in Vegas, I recommend you try Japonais at least once. In my case, I wouldn't mind returning in the near future.It was one of Oprah's top picks and since when is Oprah ever wrong? =) My friend suggested ordering a bunch of appetizers rather than entrees because they were tastier...and she was right. The 2 that stuck out were the thin NY steak strips & the crabcakes.The NY steak (aka "The Rock") was neat! The strips were served raw and we had to cook them over a heated rock. I was hesitant at first because I didn't want to smell like grilled meat afterwards since we were all dazzled up, but it wasn't that bad. Honestly, I enjoyed the cooking more than the taste of the beef.The crabcakes, on the other hand, sent me to a euphoric daze. They were so good, we ordered a second serving within minutes of inhaling the first. (OK, so we didn't exact inhale them...we have more class than that at a restaurant like this, but they were sooooo good!) By far, THE best crab cakes I've ever had in my life.I give the service 3 stars - it took a while for our food to come out and we were starving. Our waitress also failed to check in on us often and we actually needed to ask for things. The ambience is 4 stars in my book. The dim lights, sheer curtains, waterfall, and candle lit tables gave it such a romantic and mesmerizing feel, but I really wish they could've somehow blocked off the view of the casino. It was a bit distracting. Be ready to spend some monies though. I shared 3 appetizers and a glass of Reisling and threw down over $60. Yeow-zah!
4	Japonais is a great place to get the freshest sushi! Although it is a little pricey it is well worth it if you are craving Japanese food in Las Vegas. This restaurant is inside the Mirage Hotel and they have a great bar drink menu. I think I have not tasted a better place that has had the freshest sushi like Japonais
2	BOOOOOO!For two main reasons.1.  They water down their alcohol2.  They pre-make all of their sushiI'd heard that Japonais was overrated, but my friends made a reservation so I decided to join.  We started with some edamame and "the rock".  Edamame was good, and "the rock" was pretty cool.  I loved being able to cook some tasty meat on a steaming hot rock.  But that's where the fun ended.I originally thought that my saki-tini was really smooth, until I finished it and realized I wasn't the slightest bit buzzed.  I told my friend and she agreed and offered a sip of her Bacardi-Seven.  Ummm, yeah, I don't know what hers was but there was only an essence of alcohol in it.  At this point I'd already ordered a manhattan (my standard).  When I got it, it had good color, like they mixed it right, but when I tasted it, it was weak.  That sucks.  If I'm paying $14 for a drink, at least put real alcohol in it.I ordered 5 pieces of nigiri - 2 pieces of uni, 1 piece of fluke, 1 piece of medium fatty tuna and 1 piece of snapper.  Apparently, they used the last piece of snapper for my friend's sashimi, so I had to choose something else.  (Oh, btw, it's 7:00pm.  WTF???  You're already out of fish?  There are not that many options on the menu!)  So I ordered the soy-marinated salmon at the recommendation of our server.  Overall, the fish was relatively fresh, but nothing special.  For a meal of 5 pieces of nigiri, some edamame and 1/4 of "the rock", I paid $80.  I should have been having foodgasms for that.  I wasn't.Throughout the meal, all of these huge plates of sushi (both rolls and nigiri) were passing us by.  At first I thought there might have been a private party, until my friend reminded me of the disclaimer on the menu saying that it might take longer for sashimi, as they make it fresh.  Turns out, they were just adding to the reserves for the evening.  Seriously, I've never been to a sushi place that pre-makes their stuff.  That is not acceptable.  Who wants to eat raw fish that has been sitting out for who knows how long?The kicker was the last sip from my water glass that smelled like old fish.  BLECH!  I'm disgusted that I spent so much on this place.  Again, blech.
4	We checked out Japonais after the LOVE show in the Mirage.  Service was friendly and quick.  We had two rolls, Spicy Tuna and Soft Shell crab, both were amazing.  We also tried the Ahi Tuna entree and loved it. We decided not to have drinks with dinner so the tab between two of us was very reasonable - $50 and we both left full.  I'd definitely go here again next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Me and my girlfriend and two other friends ate at the Japonais Lounge because we saw there was a 3 course meal for $45. You got to choose 2 appetizers, 1 main course and 1 dessert. We opted for the tempura shrimp roll and lobster spring rolls to start. In addition I ordered the calamari. The tempura shrimp roll was a little different from what I'd had before, the shrimp was extra crispy but still very good. The lobster spring rolls were actually lobster egg rolls (fried) but still very good with rock lobster inside and a mango salsa to go with it. The calamari was also different, instead of a fried breaded calamari it was slices of lightly pan fried squid with a sweet sauce. I couldn't put my finger on it but it was definitely tasty.Our main course was a salmon dish, I can't remember the name but it was salmon on top of mixed seafood with a horseradish leek sauce and risotto. This was a high quality dish with many thoughtful elements like chopped up shrimp, a little rock lobster and oyster.For dessert we had the chocolate ginger mousse cake. This was a top-notch dessert. The presentation was fantastic, I still don't know how they created the cylindrical little tower. The exterior looked hard yet when you dug into it, it was very smooth. Towards the bottom were thin layers of chocolate cake.This place is probably too expensive to go to if you're seriously hungry, and the service didn't help. We were really the only ones there at the lounge but the food took a while between courses. Maybe the people in the restaurant get priority. Good thing we weren't in a rush. Overall high quality food.
2	First off, this isn't exactly the kind of place I'd eat normally. I have no problem spending money on good food, but this place is just a mess. I only visited here, because it was being paid for by someone's work. So the price was no object, and it still didn't stack up! I've eaten a fair amount of sushi in my life. Theirs was nearly some of the worst I've ever had, period. It was just pitiful. The rolls were tiny and mostly rice. Moving along, we tried their skewered shrimp. Also disappointing. How do you screw up shrimp? Arg! I had a few cocktails, they were pretty heavy with the booze, which is nice. Service was pitiful too. They seemed almost annoyed with us trying to sample multiple things. It's gotta be a pretty bad place, when you eat on someone else's dollar and have nothing good to say about it. Keep moving folks, nothing to see here.
2	Was in Vegas on a business trip and decided to hit up Japonais with some co-workers.  I dont know how this place gets anything above 2 stars.  The famous "rock" they are known for is literally just a small stone they heat up (and be prepared to wait while they heat it.... i guess microwaves take awhile in Vegas).  Then you get about 8-10 tiny pieces of meat to cook on the slab... All for around 20 bucks.  Overall this place is a waste of money, and its not even that good.  The best thing about it is the drinks... but you can just hit the bar for that.
3	I really don't think this place is worth all my money. Sure it's a nice place, some say it's fine dining, the food is good, but overall I'm not impressed. The portions are ridiculously small and overpriced. I felt like after dinner, which included appetizers, entree, and dessert, I still needed another meal. I think this is the case because it's in Vegas, people just automatically think it's okay to pay so much for so little. I feel that because it's Vegas, the expectations are higher. If you're going to charge that much, at least make your food really good or decent sized portions. Three stars for decor, food presentation, and attentive staff. They lose the other two stars for overpriced and not expectational food.
2	Big plates, two bites, overpriced.    Tasted good but I was still hungry after numerous plates of foods, I won't go back.
4	Before stepping into the restaurant, the men in kilts yelled out to us from the Japonais lounge that we had to eat there. Who are we to say no? (Plus, it already looked cool) Neither of us were really starving for a full blown meal, but were in the mood for some appetizers and/or splitting an entree. We first thought sushi would be a good choice here...but ultimately decided against it b/c all of the other food sounded so delicious on the menu. We decided on 2 apps, and one side. The first app was called "The Rock" and featured marinated slices of strip steak, and a 400 degree river rock to sear the meat on. 5 seconds on each side of the meat and it was cooked to perfection. The second app was a lobster spring roll. Good, but the men in kilts hyped it up too much. We had a rice casserole for the side. The Rock was by far the most memorable. I would go back to any of their restaurants to try that again.
5	OMG I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE! food is super good. sushi is super fresh, i usually get the toro and sea urchin. and a couple rolls. the rolls are really really good here. everything is pretty small but still a decent size. i think this place is good for dinner before you go out to a club or something cuhs its not to heavy but it has extreme gourmet taste. this is my favorite japanese place in vegas located in the MIRAGE.sea bass is unbelievable here!
4	As part of my package deal with the Mirage,  I was comped a free meal at this establishment.  I didn't have too many expectations going in, but I must say, the food and service was excellent.  My guest and I started with Miso Soup and Bibb Lettuce Salad.....the Miso Soup was excellent, the Bib Lettuce salad was nothing special.  Next came Panko Shrimp Roll Sushi, which was so good, we ordered another one.  I don't normally eat Sushi, but this was awesome!  The wasabi / honey mustard sauce was superb!  Next came Shrimp and Veggie Tempura which was the best tempura I ever had, followed by what I can only describe as Japanese Buffalo Wings....which were okay (nothing special).  For our main entree, I had the $80 Kobe Beef, which was good, but way too rich.  If there is such a thing as too much flavor, this was it.  My guest had Japanese Ribs, which were okay.  For dessert, I had Apple Pie type thing that was perfectly cooked.  Whew....needless to say, I was full after this one.  My only critque to this place was that the service was slow towards the end . . .took almost 20 minutes to get our dessert and another 10 minutes for the bill.  However, it was a very pleasant dinning experience and I would return and order the few of my favorites.
4	We stopped by Japonais before the Beatles LOVE Cirque du Soleil show.  When we walk by a sushi place, Rob catches me rubbernecking and this was no exception, especially since Japonais is located close to the entrance of the Mirage.  We sat at the bar and had immediate attentiveness.  I ordered the salmon, tuna and octopus sashimi, and Rob ordered the lobster spring roll.  My sashimi was marvelous, generous portions of quality seafood.  Pricey...but it's Vegas so that's to be expected.  I ordered another round of salmon and tuna sashimi and Rob ordered the yellowtail roll.  Our friendly bartender informed us that there was a free sake-tasting going on later that evening.  After our Beatles Love Cirque Du Soleil show, we swung by the Revolution lounge and then stopped at Japonais and sure enough, free sake tasting!  Big fan.  In fact, we're staying at the Mirage next time!  Close to everything we love!
4	Stopped at the location inside the Mirage for cocktails in the late afternoon and I have to say I had never had a better martini. The girls working at the bar were exceptionally nice and it was much needed to get off the casino floor and sit back and relax for a bit. I don't remember it being too pricey either.
3	came here for a late night dinner at around 1030pm. the sea bass was pretty good, but not the best ive had. the presentation was rather unique though. my sea bass came wrapped ( look at picture) i guess it's so the sea bass gets more infused with flavor during the steaming process. The Rock was tasty and fun to eat. You cook the thinly sliced new york strip steak on a heated rock. Well more like a flat black stone. I took a picture so you can go check that out. I do recommend this. The sushi was mediocre. I ate here in 2008, and reviewing it a year later. I checked their updated dessert menu and it has changed since 2008, but the desserts my table ordered were enjoyable.
4	7 7 7! 7 7 7!7 7 7!Seven dollar drinks...Seven dollar happy hour appetizers...Seven days a week! (from 4-8 haha)The boyfriend and I flew into Vegas and were absolutely STARVING when we checked into the mirage. We came and were seated in the lounge which had a beautiful view of Mirage's indoor waterfall and "jungle" center.Our server was very nice and helpful. Off the happy hour menu we ordered:Lobster Spring Rolls- Delicious and you can actually taste the lobsterSweet and Sour Calamari - a nice change from your average calamari. Hamachi Roll - a simple hamachi maki 6pcsUnagi and Avocado roll - a little sweeter than your normal unagi roll but still very fresh 6pcsTeriyaki Drummettes - on the salty side. this would be the one item I'd suggest you pass on.. comes with a side of blue ranchCrab Cakes - very good for $7. Not the best crab crakes but still very good. (You only get one.. so I don't know why I'm saying Cake(s)).A glass for Chardonnay"The Red One" - A passion fruit martiniAsahi Light ($4)Cucumber cooler - a nice twist on a mojitoThe food was actually very good. Although the portions are obviously smaller then if ordered from the dinner menu, we were both stuffed half way through our meal. You must try the lobster spring rolls and the sweet and sour calamari. (I'll upload pictures)Overall it was a very nice way to start off our vegas trip. If you are ever in mirage and pass by Japonais I'd suggest to definitely check it out!
4	This is for the Happy Hour deal!Ahhh I wish we got to split the 45 dollar dinner, but they had the restaurant week deal so they weren't offering it. So 777 deal is what we came for instead from 5pm-8pm. So we checked in real fast, I changed and washed up and we made it in time. We were seated in the lounge area, which was pretty comfy with pillows to lie back on. There was a waterfall area right behind us. Our server was very nice and attentive with us. We ordered the Lobster Spring Roll, Sweet and Sour Calamari, Hamachi Roll, Unagi and Avacado Roll, Teriyaki Drummettes and Crab Cakes. Out of all this we were pretty stuffed even though they were small appetizer sizes. A little taste of everything at the right portions made it well worth it. Out of all the items though, I would pass the Teriyaki drummettes they were a bit burnt and salty tasting. A few drinks and beers our total came out to 70 bucks. I think it was a great experience and great little taste of what the restaurant offers.Great place to stop by for a quick bite and drinks.
3	Ate here in 2008 and based on that review would give them a 5-star.  Duck is out of  this world.Made a note to come back in 2009; which we did over labor day weekend.  I knew exactly what I wanted: DUCK.Stopped in and was greeted with postings and cards at the host desk. Turns out that that week they had 3 menus on display: The std, the $7$7$7-$45 lounge menu and one week only "Special" that was offered in many Vegas restaurants.  I asked if we can sit in the lounge and was walked over to some low profile couches and coffee tables. I said I wanted to sit in the lounge area that had normal tables; was told by the hostess that its called the Garden Lounge (ok, whatever) and the 777 menu is not offered there.  I told her I do not care, as I am here for dinner and asked if the $45 menu is available and she said YES.  We proceeded to sit down and wait 10 minutes for someone to walk up.  The LONE waitress was taking care of a large table and no one else was working there.  A guy in a suit came by and poured water. After another 5-7min and when the waitress went from the large table to a register to punch in orders,etc bypassing even a courtesy stop at our table: I went to the front to find out what the heck is going on.  The same guy started walking back with me; which at that point the waitress was at the table.  As I walked up, my wife said that they are not offering the $45 menu, as the "weekly" special menu was in effect.  Now at this point, I am pissed since I could have had that answered when we first sat down.  We would have also sat in the main dining room if the $45 menu was suspended in the lounge . Front desk gave a wrong answer and the waitress was not attentive.  So I walked out!  Now again, if the duck was not available on the $45 menu; I would have ordered of the regular menu; but I want to receive prompt service and accurate info; which was not the case here!Will stop by again when we are back in Vegas, but will skip the whole lounge BS and just eat in the main restaurant.P.S.: Spoke to the Mgr, who turned out to be the young kid in the suit.  He shrugged his shoulders when I mentioned the issue.  There is no reason that he could not take our drink orders or answer any q's when the waitress was busy.  Shame that Japonais does such a poor job training and hiring staff :(
4	Mmmmmm.... delicious food and drinks! Definitely made an impression and I want to go back. Their dessert, the pumpkin something (my friend ordered it) is to die for!I loved the ambience but I'd have to go back again to give it a 5.. But definitely, it was memorable!
4	Had some great tuna sushi here. Also enjoyed the miso adamame and some beef cooked on a small rock. The dinners looked huge. The service satff is friendly. Due to the premi quality of the food the avg meal is around. 50 to 60 per person.
4	On our way to LOVE we had dinner at Japonais and we were pleasantly surprised that the food here was pretty good. We had some great sushi - the problem with this place is that it's a little pricey even for Vegas and from the looks of it when were there at 8pm it doesn't look like this place is that busy. The dessert that we got was apple pie that was deconstructed with honey ice cream. That was my favorite part of the meal.
3	Again a weekend in Las Vegas. Though, this time around, not so drunk. More broke, sober (hungover) than ever, the last night in Vegas was more spent walking around and people watching. We could have just eaten at McDonald's or Chipotle, but going by the simple rule of trying places I don't have locally, we walked past this place under the glass biosphere-dome of the Mirage.Being more attracted to the "outdoorsy" feel then anything else about this place, we decide to charge up the card with this place. A "Dinner for 2" was offered, whereas for $45 a select menu listing of item could be had. We wanted to see more since the select item menu seemed very limited.I stuck with the meat cause I hate fish and seafood. My date got the crab cakes. I got the beef you cook on a hot rock (The Rock) and some glazed hot wings.If you're hungry, don't bother.The portions are tiny. The beef slices I got were so thin. I swear I get more meat from a 99 cent pack of Carl Buddig ham. The hot wings were drummettes cut oddly, where the joint to the ankle of the drumstick was chopped off leaving you with oddly placed bone fragments perfect for slicing your mouth and throat. The crab cakes looked like stinky KFC biscuits.The service, though, was outstanding. It had better be for the $70 we spent. (That's like 10 Chipotle Burritos!)I am not really accustomed to over-paying for tiny meals, so take that into account. But what we got tasted good.There is also a lounge area with drink specials, also under the glass dome. And, what we noticed later, a more-indoor, more-restaurant-feeling separate section of the place. 'Sides, that biodome section got really dark for dinner.
4	The scenery was so romantic. The booth we got was cozy. The food was delicious. I wouldn't recommend any sushi though because it was too expensive for the amount and the quality you get. But their food was great. We got the chicken robata, which is grilled on a skewer, and it was yummy. Their crab cakes were so tender & tasty. We ordered ahi tuna & the salmon for our entrees. Both were delectable. We shared a pumpkin cheesecake dessert. It was the perfect finish to a fantastic meal.
2	There's a Japonais I Chicago, but I've never been.  It was downstairs in my hotel so I figured I'd give it a whirl.  The food was mediocre for a sushi restaurant.  The sushi menu they had was actually pretty pathetic.  They have a full sushi bar that I sat near, with sushi chefs, but they didn't offer a wide array of sushi or hand rolls.  I suppose I could have asked to order something that was not on the menu.  The hot food looked good, but it seemed like things you could get at any other kind of Japanese restaurant or steakhouse.  The sashimi and negiri was extremely over priced compared to other sushi places in Las Vegas.  I was at Little Budda at Palms and also Sushi Roku at Caesar's and those places were 100xs better than Japonais.   I'd recommend those two over Japonais any day.  The service was OK - I can't say it was good, but I can't say it was terrible.  I was greeted and addressed with a friendly face, but everything was just sooooo slow.  Even the host saw us waiting for a table and finished his conversation with the bartender before he came to show us to our table  The restaurant was EMPTY (maybe that has something to say about the place), and there had to be about 10 servers, but my wine glass and water glass sat empty for at least 10 minutes.  For Vegas standards, the service was pretty bad.For a plus, I had the tuna sashimi, soft shell crab roll, and tempura roll and all were very tasty.  They gave you a ton of soft shell crab on top of the roll and the sauce was great.  I think Japonais was overrated and definitely overpriced.  Not sure if I will ever try the one in Chicago.
4	Japonais is sort of secluded in the middle of the Mirage casino area. interior decor is really nice. we came for happy hour before the Cirque de Soleil Love show. the hh food was really good. our party of six picked several different appetizers, calamari, lobster rolls, spicy tuna, etc. all delicious. total bill was under $200 which included drinks. 3 rounds. the decor is put together real well. you almost can't tell that there's a casino on the other side of the curtain. very wizard of oz like.
4	I haven't eaten here yet, but just wanted post a good review for a good bartender. I came here once for my gf 21 day or the day after i should say lol. She was very hungover, but i wanted to grab a drink still and a small appetizer. The bartender victor was hella cool and made her some cocktail of bitters that made here feel better quick, and we actually ended up staying there and hanging out for a while, about 3 months later we came back and hung out there again same bartender same chill atmosphere would definitely reccommed go for happy hour or just a random bar to chill at in the mirage.
2	For the price, this place is NOT worth it at all!!! $20 for 2 measly pieces of hamachi?! Please. The Tokyo wings were undercooked (yeah, undercooked chicken--gross) and there was NOTHING special about the tempura. The Salmon and shrimp roll was edible, but again, nothing special. The drinks were $14 a piece, but that's standard. I will not go here again, it's one thing to spend $150 on a meal for two when it's good food, but this was a complete waste. The decor is definitely very nice, but the waitress was kinda weird and overbearing and it felt like a constant sales pitch. There are too many other fabulous restaurants in Vegas than for you to spend your money here. It seems like a nice place for happy hour, but not dinner.
2	Ate in the bar area.The music was too LOUD - I couldn't hear the person across from me.Had the lobster egg roll - it was ok.  Nice and crunchy but the flavor was meh...Had the meat that you cook on the hot rock..... Did it once, won't do it again. Had the spicy tuna roll - the rice was too wetHad the hamachi negi roll - rice was too wetWill only come here for the drinks next time.
1	This place is way too expensive for the bland, grocery store-grade sushi they serve.  Service was eh, the food was eh, the bill was high, and I came down with VIOLENT food poisioning the next morning.What's worse, complaining to the hotel and the restaurant did absolutely nothing. They refused to comp or even discount my meal and instead referred me to their "RISK MANAGEMENT" department, where they wanted me to file a report, and then eventually their INSURANCE COMPANY.  Hasn't anybody ever heard of customer service?  If they had even just  halved our bill, I would never have written this review.Obviously, food poisioning is hard to "prove" but I know exactly where I got it - the filthy unsanitary overpriced sushi at Japonais.This is the worst place I've ever eaten at, in Las Vegas. Do yourself a favor - DONT GO.  There are so many good sushi places, this ain't one of them.
1	As promised, stopped by last week again. Sat @ the lounge, ordered an iced tea (they only have green tea, BTW). Grabbed a menu, only to recall the dish's name, but I was ready to make a run @ the duck. Placed my order and kicked back to watch some NBA action on the tv. About 7-10min later the waitress came back and said that they had run out of duck and asked if there was something else. I said "No", as I specifically came in for the dish. That is IT! Officially off the restaurant option list in Vegas. They just can not figure out how to run a restaurant. There are so many sushi options in Vegas, that pushing sashimi and nigiri @ $4/piece will not work. They do not have the high end foot traffic @ Mirage any more and from what I see between menu and service; they have maybe a year or less and they are DONE.
2	This place definitely left me underwhelmed. I've been wanting to come here since I lived in Chicago (never got a chance to visit that location.) We stopped by for the happy hour special. The food and drinks were ok, but nothing really memorable. Note: I did like the red cocktail (startini). I forgot that on the land of vice, it's perfectly ok to smoke in a restaurant. Nothing like cigarette smoke to put me off my food! I probably need to give them another chance just because of that. We'll see.
3	Food was very good and very artfully presented. Service was very slow and the music was really loud. I also thought the prices were way too high. ~$18 per sushi roll is exorbitant.
3	Japonais is located inside the Mirage Hotel Casino in Vegas.  There's also an outside lounge as well for drinks.  This review is particular for the restaurant.  The ambiance is great and the place has good customer service.  The presentation for the food was an A+.  Now for bad side negative side of my review.  I thought the restaurant was a bit over priced, but keep in mind it IS located in one of the main casino in Vegas.  We had a party of 10, so we order 1 of each item they had on the menu under the entrees section (they had about 7) to try it out.  We also order a few sushi rolls and sashimi.  The bill was over $1k (without any alcohol beverage).  The food quality was good, but not great.
2	I came here for the Happy Hour in the lounge area before our Cirque Show at the Mirage. At first glance I thought it was an alright deal $7 for 3 of their drinks and other plates.  I ordered the Floating Orchid and my bf ordered the Cucumber Passion.  Both drinks tasted very watered down.  I guess when u pay $7 for it, they cut the amount of alcohol served in half also. We also ordered the yellowtail and salmon rolls. Both rolls had 6 very small pieces and I couldn't even taste the fish because there was a lot of sticky rice. The lobster spring roll and crispy calamari were small in size too which makes me wonder how much is on a plate at regular price.  We also ordered the kurobata pork and that was pretty good. You can taste the charcoal flavor, but for $18 you get like two small  portions.  I guess we were glad we chose to go for this instead of the $45 for 2ppl because even by selecting 5 plates, we still left hungry.
4	The food here was fresh and it was nice to try small portions of a great number of things (the "happy hour" pricing is great for this).  Drinks were fun and the place was packed.  What was really great, however (aside from the company) was the beautiful decor - great use of subtle reds and blacks, curtained privacy booths, nicely oriented. Service was semi-fast and friendly. It's easy to forget that you're only steps away from slot machines when you're in this oasis in the Mirage...
4	Here last Saturday for happy hour and loved it,really good bar guys who give you loads of advice and well mixed well priced cocktails the main 3on the happy hour are the cucumber martini the red one and the orchid.we also had the calamari and the lobster spring rolls which were 7bucks each! Warning they are small.
1	We went to see Love at the Mirage and called restaurant reservations to book the $45 dinner for two. I asked for the latest time they seat people during the 5-8 window and I was told that would be 8 pm. When we arrived the restaurant said nope we last seat people at 7:30. We told them when we called they booked us for an 8. They were so nasty and unaccommodating. They offered us no options and said they would not force their chef to work harder. The mirage concierge and front desk offered no compensation either. Their solution was to seat us at their most expensive restaurant forcing us to pay over twice as much for a meal than we had hoped for. DO NOT EAT HERE. THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS APPALLING!
3	We went here for happy hour which includes a $7 menu. Drinks and food...kinda.  It's not meals, it's tiny appetizers. So, you end up spending more on the food than you would have if you ordered an entree.  But if you're going for appetizers then yes, this is a good option. The drinks that they have on the happy hour menu were refreshing and unique to the restaurant. Well worth the $7 which is a bargain in Vegas. The "tables" are LOW, LOW, LOW, so I don't recommend wearing a dress like I did, it was very awkward to try to sit without showing the world your "business".  The restraunt is very neat and super chic, very posh. It's right next to the casino so there is a great opportunity to people watch. The Mirage is a very scenic hotel as it is and Japonais blends right in with the "theme" of the place.  We all had a great time and we definetly enjoyed our tiny appetizers. The Kobe beef slider (just one per order) was the best thing on the menu. DELICIOUS!!!!  OH! and the calamari was the weirdest calamari I have ever experienced. I DO NOT recommend it. It was more like a calamari fish stick...it was in the shape of a thick stick...not in rings...so odd!!!
5	After seeing the Beatles' show LOVE, we discovered Japonais in the Mirage. I LOVE Vegas food and this our meal at Japonais was one of the best I've ever had in Vegas. Now, if only I knew how to pronounce the name so I could recommend it more often without embarrassment... I think we ordered about everything on the menu. We wanted to try it all! We each chose a glass of yummy wine and then dove into the delicious food. We asked for the dishes to be delivered as they were ready. It seemed that with each new dish, the food got even better! Our server who brought out each dish was a sweet older lady too and so polite and thoughtful!The sushi rolls particularly stood out as so-incredibly-fresh (had this with periods before for affect but Yelp thought it was a URL!)! Every single sauce that accompanied a dish was incredible too. The food was all melt-in-your-mouth delicious!When I raved about Japonais, one of my friends told me she thinks there is one in NYC too. I wonder if it could possibly be as good as the Japonais at the Mirage?!
4	Sweet relief. Vegas is the worst place to fine good, QUALITY food anywhere...nevermind the fact they overcharge you for everything. After several disastrous atempts, we were pleased to find this restaurant had good food for the price. Only come here for the happy hour. We ordered shrimp tempura roll - good, spicy tuna roll - good, lobster roll - good. This is the second best place we ate at (In-n-Out Burger was #1).
1	Food sucks, horrible service, won't ever eat here again, took almost two hours to get food!!!
4	Enjoyed this place. We were looking for someplace to grab a bite before LOVE and it was happy hour! We sat at the bar right in-front of the grill. It was fun to talk to the chef and watch him cook our food... and tormenting at the same time! ha. Love watching your food slow cook right in-front of you. Ah!For happy hour they had a small list of rolls and appetizers for $7 each. Beers for 4$... and some martinis also i believe. The Kobe Beef Slider was AMAZING! I would go back just for that! So great. One to an order. And we also had a steak skewer that was tasty also. I don't think i would go back for dinner, but for appetizers and drinks definitely!
3	If you're staying at the Mirage, or just looking for a cool place to eat...I'd recommend Japonais. The decor was trendy, the staff was friendly and the prices were reasonable.  They had a special going on when we went.  It was a Couple's Lounge Dinner from 5-8pm...which included 2 appetizers, 1 entree to share, and a dessert for $45/couple! i have to say, that's pretty cheap for Vegas. If that doesn't satisfy your appetite, you can always order from the lounge menu during happy hour for $7 appetizers, and drinks!There were eight of us...each pair ordered the Couple's Dinner, as well as a ton of appetizers and drinks.  I think it came out to about $100/couple.  To order from the lounge menu, we had to sit in the lounge.  The tables were ultra low, but you can't complain for the price.  For dinner, my fiance and I ordered the tempura shrimp rolls and lobster spring rolls as appetizers, the chestnut chicken for the entree, and the Chocolate Ginger Mousse cake for dessert.  The rolls were my favorite (spicy tuna, tempura shrimp roll, yellowtail roll (and i dont even like sashimi).  We also had the sweet and sour calamari, black angus sliders.  Im not really one to order chicken (im a steak kind of girl) but surprisingly it wasnt that bad.  I didn't really care for the Shiitake rice casserole...it was kind of blah to me.  I did however enjoy their signature cocktail, the Floating Orchid, and the Cucumber Passion...yummy=)  Next time, I think i'll go for the steak!
2	Happy hour review only. Went here for a drinks and a small meal before watching Love. We ordered multiple small and overpriced appetizers and good priced cocktails/beers.  This is a good place to grab something before the show so your not starving through it.Here is what we ordered:Salmon & yellowtail - small portions but freshLobster eggroll - good but probably not worth $7 - 4 small piecesSlider - very tasty, a must try. Ended up ordering anotherFloating orchid cocktail (for the hunny) - citrusy just the way she likes it$4 Japanese beer - decent priceThe Bad:- Getting reservations was easy and booked through the hotel.  After getting seated by our host we waited what felt like forever for our waitress to even come to our table.  The happy hour was not even that busy.  During our entire meal, she was not to be found and we were continually looking for her to appear.  I probably would not come here again if their bar/happy hour service is any reflection of their dining area service.
3	Trying to decide where to dine in Vegas is like trying to decide what one item of clothing to take from the Vogue fashion closet.  Seriously.  On our first night in Vegas for convention we decided to stay at the hotel (Mirage) since we were pretty tired.  Japonais had a promising menu so we made reservations.Service was friendly and efficient.  I ordered two sushi rolls which were good.  The tempura app was also tasty.  I would have liked to have had time to sit in the lounge area pre- dinner, but I was a little busy engaging in some retail therapy.  ;)  All in all, Japonais is a nice place to grab a bite to eat.
4	Went there with a large party of 20 I was given a sampler of the entire menu. I was really impressed with the sushi and some of the other japanese dishes (duck pancakes, steak on a rock,etc). I think as a way to compromise with all diners there are some non-traditional asian dishes on the menu which could a blessing for some who are not as adventurous.Although some may see it as sacrileg steak with mashed potatoes and a plain chicken breast are offered here. Also a very good chocolate cake with gold leaf.
1	I didn't try the food, so this review is only for the one drink I ordered here while waiting for a couple of friends to finish eating and the bartender that served the drink.  I wasn't in the mood for much alcohol but decided to order a cocktail anyways since the BF was pressuring me so I got a Chambord w/ 7-up (I know...I know....I usually order much more macho drinks, trust me!)  I took a sip of the cocktail and realized that the 7-up was completely flat.  I mean, no carbonation whatsoever that it actually tasted like Chambord w/ water (Ew!)  I told the BF to have a taste to make sure I wasn't going crazy and he concurred, so I brought it to the bartender's attention.  Instead of checking the 7-up and giving me a whole new drink, she simply poured some of the liquid out of my glass (I only had two sips) and topped it off with more BAD 7-UP!!!  AND she had the audacity to say that it just didn't taste carbonated because the cocktail was not diluted enough with 7-up as if I don't possess taste buds to tell the difference between a carbonated and a non-carbonated mixer.....Come on!  To be a good sport, I tried the "new" cocktail with the same result so instead of arguing with her about it I decided just to return the drink.  I'm not about to pay almost $20 for Chambord w/ water...To tie this horrendous experience allll together, the bartender talked S!$&^ about me to another waitress(!!), which was obvious since that other waitress proceeded to glare at me immediately after speaking to the bartender.  I would understand if I was being a total B----- (and I admit to having those moments periodically), but I was completely polite throughout this experience.  Moral of the story: RUDE RUDE RUDE BARTENDER!
4	Tried Japonais after seeing Love.  Was surprised that after the show most of the restaurants in the hotel were closed but luckily Japonais had a late night menu of small dishes. We ordered the flank steak robata which was very good, chicken lollipops which were very good and lobster spring rolls which were passable. The best part were the prices which for the late menu are $7 a plate. Whole dinner with 2 beers was $30. A great find for a late night snack on the strip!
3	Cool lounge to sit and enjoy a drink!  The service was ok...would help if the waitress actually smiled and looked like she enjoyed being there!
5	Steak and Sushi were VERY good. Portions are on the smaller side, a relief for Vegas. Great wine by the glass list.
4	The food here is great, but a few things prevented me from giving it a better rating.Anyways, I'll start with the food. Fan-freaking-tastic food here. Prices are absolutely absurd, but the food is delicious. First, we had an order of Salmon Sashimi. BEST salmon sashimi I have ever had. I don''t even know how to describe it, but it was by far the most delicious piece of fish I have ever eaten. The unbelievable taste of this sashimi is really the only reason I went with four stars instead of 3. Bad part? Two pieces of sashimi was $10!!!! At $5 a piece, it better be the best I've ever eaten! We also had a Tuna roll, which was tiny. It was delicious, but way too small. If I remember correctly, it was about $12 or $13, but was only 6 tiny little pieces. For our meal, we split a Nori-Encrusted Salmon. I split a meal? Who the hell is this idiot, right? The only reason we split was because the top of the menu had a note along the lines of  "our dishes are designed for two", not because we were being really cheap. FALSE. Since when is a 5 or 6 oz. piece of salmon sized for two? The salmon was cooked perfectly. It was moist and flaky, and the pan-fried crispy nori crust added a great flavor, but the sized for two thing really irritated me. Maybe I read it wrong and that was only referring to another section of the menu, but that should have been more clear. Additionally, the presentation of the dishes was really great. No beef here with any of the presentation or the styling of the dishes.As for service, it was good. The entire staff was friendly, nothing special though. The one thing that really got me started before we even got there. When I called to make a reservation, I was asked, "Are you celebrating a special occasion?", to which I replied, "Yes, we are celebrating my Girlfriend's birthday." There were only two of us, so it should have been obvious whose birthday it was (I am a dude, she is not). But, nobody did anything for her birthday. We didn't even get a single person to just SAY "Happy Birthday." Not that I expected a free dessert or anything, but at the prices here, I at least expected someone to say something.In conclusion, I am not sure if I will be back. Maybe I would for the lounge dinner ($45 for two appetizers and an entree) to split with someone and one order of sashimi, but that's probably it.
4	This review is for the happy hour menu. I'm sorry, did I say happy hour? The deal is good from 2-8pm, and I've read in other reviews that it reopens from 9-11pm. I guess in Vegas, almost every hour is happy hour!I've walked past this place, located near the main entrance of the Mirage, on a number of different Vegas trips and have always been attracted to the ambience. Wandered in last Saturday night before popping over to the Venetian to check on my travelin' man, who was playing in a tourney. We had late dinner reservations so I was looking for a spot where I could grab a delicious cocktail and a small bite or two and not stand out like some creeper. Two points for Japonais! The menu offers a smallish but varied selection of small plates and two different specialty cocktails, all for $7 each. I believe there were some special beer and wine selections as well for even cheaper. I tried one of each cocktail (hey, I was in Vegas!). Cucumber passion was tasty but a bit sweet. The Floating Orchid was absolutely lovely - looked beautiful, tasted delicious, not overly syrupy. I read in a review that the orchid was edible and got a rather hilarious look from the gentleman to my right when I ever so delicately ripped a chunk off it with my teeth. Maybe it's "edible," but that doesn' t mean you gotta eat it, ladies.For my bites, I had the yellowtail and scallion roll and the lobster spring rolls. Spring rolls were fine, but I probably would have preferred another sushi roll - it was deelish. The portions were fairly small but perfect for my purposes, and I rolled out having spent less on two plates and two cocktails than I spent on ONE drink at the pool earlier that day. A very happy hour indeed!
4	I had an excellent meal at this restaurant. The bar and dining area are tastefully designed. The bartender who served me was friendly and quick. The tuna steak that I ordered was absolutely delicious and presented beautifully. In summary, Japonais offers a sophisticated dining experience that is very good value for money.
4	Came here around Midnight on a Thursday after checking in to the Mirage. We were all hungry from the drive. Turns out they have a late night happy hour and we had a $150 room credit we had until 2:30 AM to spend. We ordered some drinks and about 5 appetizers. The food was delicious, but the portions were a little small. Service was fair, and the waitress seemed a little confused. She forgot to bring out half our order. She warned me the kitchen would be closing, so I asked her if it would be enough food. She said yes, well, the answer was no.My only complaint was I would have liked a little more food and a little more service. But I would definitely return, especially for one of their happy hours.
3	Honestly this is a 4 star place but the price knocked it to 3 star.  Stopped in here one evening with a group and was pleasantly surprised.  Good place to come after dinner but before the club.PositivesGreat intimate lounge, not good with a big group but with 3-5 people really nice.Nice selection of small plates, good for sharing and snacking as you enjoy your cocktails.NegativesExpensive!  Definitely recommend getting there for Happy Hour (we sadly were way later).Ended up sitting next to a couple of Eastern European business men and their no sh!t hookers who were very, very demonstrative!Don't regret going there but it is very expensive when you look at the amount of food and cocktails you get but the quality of the food is amazing and so is the ambiance.  Don't know if I would recommend it for dinner just because the servings are small (I say this as I am someone who will happily share a regular sized entree with someone so use that as a guide).
3	i loved the setting. it made me feel sexy for some reason. it was darkly lit, romantic, candles on the table, good service, loved the vibe and setting.expensive, small portionsordered: the rock, calamari, japanese ribsthe rock- thin slices of raw marinated meat that comes out with a rock. you get to cook the meat on the rock; i thought it was cool!calamari- not your typical breaded and deep fried served with marinara sauce (yuck). it was dipped in a sweet/sour sauce and drizzled with this wasabi sauce. really, really good.enjoyed everything, but it was pricey. but hey, it's The Mirage, it's Vegas, what else can you expect, right?
5	All I can day about this place is WOW!  During Happy Hour they had a special.  For $45 you share two appetizers, one entree and one dessert.  It was fantastic and well worth the price.  We ordered sweet and sour calamari and lobster spring rolls for the apps.  The calamare had wosabi with it and was very tasty.  The lobster spring rolls were excellent.  For our entree we shared the braised shoe ribs.   It was delicious and cooked perfectly.  The happy hour takes place in the lounge.  The main dining room dinner is much more expensive, so if you don't get the happy hour special, expect  an expensive deal.  The setting, even in the lounge is nice.   The happy hour special is worth the month if you haven't eaten here before.  It gives you a good choice of things to try, and everything was cooked to perfection.
5	Do Vegas right, avoid the ridiculous club scene and lounge hop instead!  Starting or ending at Japonais Lounge, a Tokyo inspired Robata bar, on the casino floor at the Mirage with the tag line of "be instantly seduced by the distinctive ambiance".  Don't believe me, just check out their website.Japonais is a mood altering good vibe having sexy place to chill with dim lighting, friendly bartenders, a great chef who cooks in front of you at the bar or intimate little nooks to curl up in and people watch, etc.If you're here between 10pm and 1am, order some robata skewers cooked over high quality bincho tan (Japanese white charcoal that emits no smoke or other flavors so you get the realest most pure taste possible).  Simply amazing. Who knew food tasted so good?By the way, I know the pumped in oxygen thing is a myth but there is some magical combination of stimulation/relaxation at work here that has awakened my senses. Thanks, Japonais.Five stars for best in its class (lounges), for now.
4	This is a nice upscale Japanese dining.  They have excellent sushi!We also ordered the appetizer that you cook the meat on the heated stone - that was a fun interactive thing to do.I wasn't too keen on the desert - sliced heated slices in a carmelized sryup and scoop of ice cream.  Careful if you use the bathroom in the restaurant - I was wearing heels and there is a slight incline  - I almost slipped!
3	Was here for a pre-wedding reception, the place is beautiful, the Sushi was delicious, the spring rolls and crab cakes okay, and there was a meat skewer hors d'oeuvre that numbed your mouth, that was strange. Drinks are delicious and Strong!
5	I've been wanting to come here for awhile (along with Stack).  The ambiance was awesome.  I knew I was in for a fun meal when we walked in, saw that it was dimly lit and that Duran Duran was playing over the speakers.I had champagne to drink and the "Le Quack Japonaise."  The duck was so yummy as was the accompanying hoison sauce.  My husband ordered some sushi and he seemed pretty pleased.  I will say that his sushi roll appeared on the small size (but maybe because I'm used to all these super huge rolls now).  Service was phenomenal.  I would totally recommend this place!
4	Nice, tasty "fusion" type Japanese food.Nice dining room.  Visited after Love!Would have been a five start if not for the hostess. Made us wait 10 minutes, even though the restaurant wasn't full.It was 9:00pm and we had reservations.  Hostess made us wait, and seated several parties that came after us.Our server - Po was excellent.  Service and food made up for it.
5	What a fabulous experience!  My girlfriend and I were treated like royalty and the food was superb!  Chris, the manager was very knowledgeable of all aspects of the food from its origins, to flavor and characteristics of each item.  I've been to a lot of Japanese restaurants and living in Seattle I've become very astute on seafood so to me this place really nails it.  This is a must try the next time you are in Vegas I know we will be back for sure.
3	4 guys and 3 girls for dinner before the club....my overall experience here could have been better....the portions are small and they came out too slow.....maybe we should have ordered more appropriately, or maybe I just don't like the shared portions theme, where they come out the way they do here......but I remember seeming to wait too long and not being satisfied but frustrated....the food was pretty good though, just not enough of it....for what you get I think it's for sure over priced....the lounge was the best part as it's cool and is outside the restaurant and good for people watching while you don't feel like you're on the casino floor like some other lounges....the lounge doesn't really seem part of the restaurant, it is right outside the actual entrance, it's not inside the restaurant.........the restaurant's atmosphere was pretty decent, but I still just wasn't all that impressed with it...the servers were good, nothing great....I am a fan of the mirage and wanted to like this place, but it was really just ok for a vegas upscale jap restaurant....
2	overpriced, unexciting, and unauthentic.  i got the white tuna ceviche with yuzu sauce, and it was the most unoriginal ceviche i've ever had in my life.  someone with no sense of taste/smell and no hands could have made this better with their feet.  the waitress was nice, but kept trying to push us to spend more.  i also got the potato puree with truffle oil, which did not have even a hint of truffle oil, and even tasted like the potatoes puree was made from potato flakes from a box.  it had a strange gritty texture to it, like someone accidentally spilled raw flour in it, but still decided to serve it anyway.  i would like to meet this clumsy chef!  the desserts were actually ok.  i got the chocolate ginger mousse, and my friend got the kabocha (pumpkin) cheesecake with pineapple meringue.  well, at least it left me with a decent taste in my mouth
2	I have seen Japonais in NY and Chicago but have always been with a crowd that isn't really down for Japanese cuisine. Sort of exciting to be in Vegas and see one and check it out with someone who is down with Japanese food.  We had to wait 20 minutes for our table so we sat at the bar and ordered a drink.  My drink was yummy but The Mr. had to send his back and order something different because the bartender made it wrong. The feel of the lounge was pretty cool and I was looking forward to getting seated. When we were seated, they brought us to a section that was more towards the casino and didn't have the lounge feel at all. I did order the lotus blossom drink, their signature cocktail and yes it was pretty good. $14 good, ehhh maybe but only because I was excited after just seeing LOVE. We decided to split a miso, a salmon roll and ahi tuna. A baby could have eaten our food and still would have been hungry. Presentation was great, food tasted awesome...2 things wrong, where the hell was the food? and wait a minute you want how much money for 4 slivers of tuna? and you call that a roll?
3	We tried pretty much every thing on the menu. The best items were the Strip Steak served with a heated rock for cooking, blueberry saki and the albacore tuna belly sushimi... other then that the food isn't great. The atmosphere is what keeps it a 3 for me.
4	This place is definitely upscale, and the prices are proof, but man is it tasty.Our group went right after happy hour (unfortunately), but we wanted one decent meal while in town.  Our waiter was top-shelf.  Explained everything on the menu to us and what he recommended we do since none of us had ever been.  This was probably one of the top two waiters we had our whole trip (see: casa di amore).Our selections included a california roll, spicy tuna roll, crab cakes, lobster spring rolls, and the kobe strips you sizzle on the hot rock at your table.I didn't try the cali roll, but everything else was incredible.  Easily the best crab cake and spicy tuna roll i've had.  Lobster spring roll was also awesome, altho this is the first place I've had one of those at.  The kobe was good, but I'm just as well off with a nice ribeye.The place would get 5 stars but it's just so expensive that the cost brings it down to 4.  Plus, we didn't get filled up and required a late night meal after some more drinking and gambling.
3	Good food, pretty presentations, overpriced.I've been to the Japonais in Chicago a dozen times, and like it for their outside patio which sits on the Chicago river.  The prices are similar there, but the whole experience just blends better, since it is a much prettier space.Their Mirage location was quite a let down.  The low tables in the bar are comfy to come sit for a drink, but they don't make for a very comfortable meal  I would rather be sitting on pillows on the floor, or at a normal table.  The food in the bar is not a full menu either, which really limits your order.  When I've gone, I stick to a few basic rolls, and the hot rock appetizer.  A scorching hot rock comes out with delicately sliced Kobe beef.  You cook the beef on the rock yourself, which is both fun and delicious.Besides that appetizer though, there isn't a whole lot that shines here.  The drinks are as expensive as you would imagine at a place like this in a hotel ($14 a cocktail roughly).  I think there is way better sushi, ambience, and value at many other sushi spots in town.  The Mirage doesn't offer the best options for dining, so Japonais is fine for a snack, but too pricey for what they're serving.
4	I loved this place and I simply can't think of a negative thing to say about it.First off, the menu states that they bring the food out continuously.  Fabulous!  This actually allows you to sit, eat, and talk!We had two appetizer (lobster egg roll and raw tuna) and two entrees (japanese short ribs and duck).  The tuna was amazing.  It literally just melted on my tongue.  The duck was not overly-fatty but the short ribs stole the show.Our dinner ran 127 without tip and was absolutely worth the money.  Yum!
4	Had a client dinner here tonight, it was absolutely perfect.  The service was impeccable, the food was wonderful, the ambiance was also nice.We did it family style and had:  filet mignon, crab cakes, sushi, ahi ahi, and polished it off with this incredible pumpkin cheesecake!  Phenomenal!
3	Aside from the price, this place is pretty good. Nothing super spectacular. But good none the less. Me and my younger brother decided to grab a couple drinks and food before catching the 9 o clock LOVE showing. Since he owed me dinner. I figured we would come here. Plus ive always wanted to try this place. We ordered a couple of sushi pieces. Along with the rock. Hmmm and a couple of rolls. Not to mention a few kirins. Sushi was pretty fresh, was good. Rolls were extreamly small. A little disappointed to say the least. The rock was probably the highlight of the meal. Very very good. But once again very small pieces of beef come with it. And for 17 bucks. It's a bit much. We caught happy hour though. Which wasn't a total loss. Our waitress was so so. She could of been a bit more attentive. Atmosphere and decor set the mood right.  We sat in the lounge area.  Which was pretty cool. I don't mind forking up cash for a good meal. This place has all the right tools. But they don't use them properly. In other words. Bigger portions wouldn't make the place bankrupt. In fact I wouldn't mind coming back. But there's always those doubts where maybe I might choose elsewhere.  And thats where this place needs to pick up the slack.
2	* WE DID NOT EAT HERE*We stayed at the Mirage during the beginning of march madness and madness it was! Super fun but quite difficult to find a quiet spot. We wanted to get a late night drink but all bars were packed. We noticed that Japonais was opened late so we sat down at the bar where they also had a video poker machine. We were not expecting to get free drinks for play because we wanted top shelf alcohol, what we did want was good service. I felt they took a long long long time to help us let alone acknowledge we were there. They were not too busy but I would have loved a "i'll be right with you guys" or a "one minute" look or a "sorry for the wait guys" upon service. Once we ordered the drinks were good, though they did not require much mixing they had a good amount of liquor.The place was nice and the food looked good but I wasn't feeling the service. I might try it again if I stay again to give them the benefit of the doubt.
4	I had the pleasure of tasting a variety of delicious entrees this restaurant had to offer :D First and foremost, they have happy hour at the outside bar between 5pm and 8pm, I had a Japonais Tartini, it was yum yum good-- strong, but not in the way where all you taste is the alcohol, one drink and you got a nice smoothing buzz going ;) and thats good because each fancy drink runs about $14, unless you catch the HH of course. Next, the rolls and I only had two to try, the Tuna Tuna Salmon, which was unbelievably delicious, great sauce to top it, and might I add very large in size. And then I had the Unagi Avacado which was disappointing, small rolls and not much flavor- I have definitely had better Unagi rolls.As for entrees, I had the Salmon Japonais. If you have a big appetite, this may not be the meal to get, unless you order a roll with it or something. The portion is small, but beautifully presented with a sweet sauce that includes salmon eggs, lima beans, shrimp, and tangerine slices- I dont know how it works but it JUST DOES :D I was not disappointed.The others at my table had the Duck which was very good and heavily marinated in the BBQ sauce and I would definitely recommend it. The other had the Calamari- this plate will definitely fill you up with what they give you, I cant explain what the calamari is fried or cooked in but it brings a great flavor to the dish. Another had the  BBQ beef, now this one had a very strong flavor to it, almost a bit overwhelming and didn't seem to do justice to the beef. Lastly, someone had the Steak Ribs, which I didnt get to try BUT the person eating it said it was very good. I can however recommend that you try a basket of their SWEET POTATOE FRIES that come with the meal, only way to describe it would be sweet and spicy, had  a jalepeno flavor to it and comes with a sauce for dipping which is fabulous! Gotta try it!On a quick note, I think this is a great spot to be fancy, the lighting and decor is beautiful, but for a romatic night out, Im not so sure, as they didn't have a lot of tables for two. But none the less, this is a great place to eat :D
4	Very cool place. Small plates are excellent during happy hour, which is from 5 to 8 every night. And if Nikki is your server, schedule a mobile tan from her!
4	Superb menu and great ambiance.  The decor was beautiful and the food was amazing.  I loved the complex flavor pairings in the dishes and they were more than happy to accommodate a few special requests/changes to the dishes.Ahi Tuna Ceviche, Kurobuta, Tuna Tuna Salmon roll...The Japanese Pumpkin Cheesecake was heavenly- light pineapple mousse, perfectly spiced...It's too bad I had to share it.The espresso martinis are dangerously good.  So smooth, it's easy to order them continuously!
2	I've loved Japonais for a long time, but I have never felt the need to review until now.It seems like the menu has changed.  Some things I used to love like the kobe beef sliders, which were AMAZING, are now gone.  Replaced by some angus beef excuse for a menu item that was really disappointing.  It may not be their fault for moving things off the menu, but it's very disconcerting for a patron that comes to eat here pretty frequently and expects to eat the food they were hoping to eat.Secondly, the service has always been phenomenal also, but on this last trip our food took literally ONE HOUR to arrive from after we ordered it.  I don't care how fancy a restaurant is, that is too long to wait.  On top of that, the only thing I wanted off of the now limited menu was the short ribs which "they were out of". sigh.Japonais has been a great restaurant for a long time and I hope they can turn things back around soon.
4	This is the great fusion of Japanese and French food. The Spicy mono roll is sublime. The downsides to this place are their menu is not so big and it is quite expensive but worth it. The service is great here and the food is deliciously wonderful. It gets four stars only because the lack of depth on the menu. They have NO unagidon!
5	Superb service!Went online and looked up "sushi" in Vegas and this one seemed to have some of the best reviews.Our waitress was more than hospitable and helpful. She recommended the seaweed salad which was delicious; the sushi (not sure what kind we got, but it was perfect!) was amazing and the beverages were just as refreshing as they were exotic; the presentations were lovely as well!Overall, I would definitely come back and bring a larger party; great for intimate dinners and large parties :)
5	this is a great restaurant in Mirage.  I ordered their rib--yummilisious---and my friend had their salmon--amazing sauce and caviar under the meat---just you want to go here to sit and enjoy your food no rush here.good decor and middle of the whole lush trees. staff was great..price is 25 for a main meal average.you cant have the size of buffet meals here but is enough and great ambiance.just they close at 10 last sitting
5	Awesome place, randomly walked in, and happy that we did. There were 10 of us, so we got a table at one of the round porches. Got tuna steak, miso soup and Hawaiian hamachi. DAMN the FOOD was GOOD! My friends also really enjoyed the duck and some kinda pepper soup. Definitely recommend!!!
1	(Lounge review Only)Where to start. When people come to a place like this, they come for atmosphere. Unfortunately I don't think Japonais realizes that a calming asian atmosphere does not come clear open views of the casino and Laker games in the background, that is unless they wanted to mimic the atmosphere of Buffalo Wild Wings. People can get sushi anywhere, they come here for atmosphere which i felt little of; at least my wallet felt the burn of their half-assed attempt at relaxing asian atmosphere. The price is beyond ridiculous for small portions of food that honestly, wasn't even that great. There rolls were terrible, especially the "Philly Roll." Their sushi was much better, but I think when paying that much I might as have gone to "Tao," which happens to understand what I meant when I say "Atmosphere." The only real charm in terms of food was a delicious appetizer known as "The Rock." Six or Five thin cut slices of well marinated meat that you cook on your own on a 600 degree rock. Which, as delicious as it was, puts you in quite a dilemma your cheap like me. You would like to take your time and savor each bite, but it is literally a race against time for you as you try to cook each piece of meat thoroughly before it loses its heat and your left with raw meat. I understand it's Vegas and money should never be issue of I should expect to spend A LOT. But when spending that much i should have a waitress that does not give an attitude, warns us that out next ordered beers do not count as happy hour because she served them after "Happy Hour," and she should also tell us the edamame that she gave us, yet we didn't order, we are being charged for. The best part of the the night there was the Lakers winning their game, which may contradict my complaints of being able to view the game, but I really am trying to find a positive here and not be completely negative. Well, the place is clean, but so is my house, it's also free.
4	We tried three rolls there.  The regular rolls are boring, and way too expensive.  The rolls that were AWESOME were under the title of the chef's special... or something like that.  We ordered two of those rolls, which the chef recommended "no soy sauce" with these rolls... and he was right.  They already had so much flavor, the soy sauce would have messed up the delicate and flavorful... flavors...We had a beer and saki with sushi... saki went awesome with the rolls and saki flavor was mellowed out when eaten with the chef recommended/special rolls.  Sorry I don't remember the name of the awesome rolls....  :(Beautiful decor, awesome service.  I would definitely go again just for the chef special rolls.
3	My family wanted to celebrate my fathers birthday, so we decided to give this restaurant a go. First off, the food here is great ...but the portions were pretty small. In fact, even after ordering 5 items as "Family style", with just me and my wife eating them, we were both still hungry. And the food here is NOT cheap. I did notice however, that the ribs and the chicken my brothers ordered off the main menu were much bigger than what I ordered. The sushi is AMAZING, and probably some of the best i've tasted anywhere, so that made up for the lack of food on the main menu. I would say that this is a good place to grab some drinks and have appetizers and good conversation. But an actual sit-down dinner with the family... I'm not so sure about that. Overall, the food was great, but would've been perfect if the portions didn't resemble the tiny food from the Visitor Center on Jurassic Park.
4	Good meal overall. The only problem is that if you go with their recommendations and get something from each menu to split, you easily end up spending $80 PP (which is what we did). Had a lot of different food. Calamari: 4/5The Rock: 4/5Sushi (specialty roll..salmon and tuna I believe): 4/5Crab cakes: 5/5 (very good!)The Duck: 4/5Mango Sorbet: 3/5Waitress was also very friendly.
3	While not entirely memorable (i only remember my meal being 'OK' and portions being small) i thought the drinks were very good and the space is gorgeous. Additional kudos go to the attentive wait staff. Great for adult groups but would not recommend for families with young children. With so many great options in Vegas i wouldn't return but do recommend.
4	Mmmmmmm. I have had my eye on the big sister to this restaurant for YEARS. In Union Square (NYC) most of the north side of 18th street just East of Park Ave was taken over by Japonais. The location is now closed, because New York simply cannot sustain large lavish restaurants the way Las Vegas can. So obviously, while staying at the Mirage, I had to go.My first experience here was for Lucky 7 Lounge Happy Hour with $7 Drinks and $7 Appetizers from 5pm - 8pm. What a great deal! While creepy older men approached us at the bar (only in Vegas!) my girlfriend and I sipped on the Floating Orchid (Stoli vodka, Cointreau, fresh pear and lemon juices with an edible orchid garnish) while noshing on a Salmon Roll and Lobster Spring Rolls with mango relish and blood orange vinaigrette. My second experience here was full on dinner and we literally ordered everything. So much so that to recall what we ate would be impossible. What struck me post about Japonais was the intense freshness that the various sashimi dishes posses. I mean let's not forget here that Vegas is in the middle of the desert. Even taking that consideration out of the picture, this Japanese gem has a delicacy to their cuisine well above and beyond what I've tasted. Know that the strengths here are flavorful balanced hot entrees and cold hamachi, carpaccio, sashimi. Sure, they have sushi here, but nothing to put them in competition with the innovative combinations offered at sushi-only restaurants.
3	Sea Bass appetizer very good and flavorful, but very small. Sushi was excellent. Service was non-personal, very transactional.  I recommend some Charm School Training!
4	Liked it a lot.
1	Bad service even though VIP guess of the house,old fish,not polite...bad. Bad..
2	Beautiful restaurant and open lounge made this place look inviting and we sst at a low table in the lounge. Service was prompt, but the food was so-so and zero stars go to the appetizer calamari, which was pressed fish that was soft, soggy and horrible. It tasted like they'd bought it from the freezer section of a supermarket and then put it on a pretty plate and aquifers green sauce on it. My husband and I thought it was the worst calamari we've ever had and we've never seen calamari that looked like soft fish sticks. The miso soup was good and the two rolls we ordered were just okay and nothing special. Very disappointing that they put so much effort into the decor and not the food.
4	I LOVED:The Rock, the lobster roll, and beef sliders!The spicy tuna roll, yellowtail roll, salmon roll, seabass skewers were also surprisingly very good!They ran out of the cold sake that was recommended but we ordered a different bottle.  My Floating Orchid cocktail was yummy and visually appealing.  Great service and great place to grab a quick bite before the LOVE show :)
4	The Rock was a hit.  Cooking your own NY strips on a hot rock.  Yum!  The seasoning was a little too salty but good.  The sushi rolls, the lobster roll, and the beef sliders were all good picks.
4	The short ribs on the re-theater menu were great. The 'rock' app was also very good but a little work. Our server was good and we felt good about the experience.
4	Food is decent to pretty good depending on what you order, atmosphere is chill and relaxing.  The staff's friendliness is alright, but nothing special.  Prices are a bit steep, but in Vegas where aren't they?  Portions are on the smaller side so you have to order a lot to share (then your bill goes up further!).
1	When I think of the cliche "All sizzle and no steak," Japonais immediately comes to mind.  The decor is beautiful, but that's all this restaurant has going for it.  Overpriced, pretentious, tiny servings, mediocre food quality... it's got it all.  We ordered a wide range of appetizers and sushi, and every item -- no exceptions -- I've had done better at any of my local sushi joints for a quarter of the price.  Dinner for two, with a couple of drinks, came in at $150.  I can only imagine that most of the patrons here are using casino comps rather than real money to pay for their meals.  I only wish that I could rate Japonais with zero stars: we were that unimpressed.
3	All 3 stars are for the ambiance and food, NOT for the service or hours. What kind of place closes at 10pm in Vegas?We walked in and were promptly informed we had 20 minutes before the kitchen closed. We were quickly seated, ordered, and the food arrived and was quite delicious. They refused to allow us to order off the "sushi" menu so we were left with just what was on the regular menu. The tuna tuna salmon was my favorite by far. Their martinis were great, I just wish I could have had more than one before closed up shop. We were told we could hang out if we wanted, but with the bar closed and tables cleared, it was pointless to stay so we departed for greener pastures.I'd be interested in trying this place when I could order more than 1 drink and when the full menu was available.
1	The downfall of what I call "hotel laziness syndrome"...you submit yourself to restaurants within the hotel that just don't quite cut it.As if it's 3 and a half stars wasn't already an indication for me to stay away...but no I decided to give it a shot (fail).My girlfriends and I ordered a round of udon noodle soups and sushi rolls. What did we receive? lukewarm soup with about 8 strings of udon. Oh, and the jalapenos in the soup...nice touch but I'm pretty sure authentic japanese udon soups do without em and they taste just fine (if not better). My spicy tuna rolls came with 6 teenie tiny pieces. My wallet definitely took a bullet that night but I might as well have dodged that bullet with my stomach cause 1) the food was not satisfying and 2) I was STILL hungry.Service? What service? My card currently has three transactions (2 processing) from Japonais and I've only dined there ONCE. We explained to our server how much to charge on each of our cards and she managed to mess that up even after explicit directions. Our food took about an hour to make and not once did she come over to our table to apologize for the slow service. Ambiance? eh. Sat in the bar/lounge area and was utterly uncomfortable during the entire duration of my meal. My knees kept hitting the lounge tables cause they were so awkwardly low. I was literally hunched over my meal....not okay.After my horrible experience at Japonais...i've learned my lesson about walking that extra 5 minutes to eat at a better restaurant. I'd rather give my money where its deserved.
3	The only reason I'm not giving more stars is due to the portions and the overall expense. The service was pretty good. The food quality was very good. I know portions can be light and small at sushi places, I have been to tons all over. However most of the little selections that are offered are $15 to $20 or more each. For two people and one $14 drink, we both had a salad and I think we ordered about 4 different small pates off the menu. The bill was $150 and I needed and sandwich afterwards. The thing where you get raw meat to lay on a hot rock to sear was fun and good but maybe 2 ounces of meat total. Same with the tuna and carpaccio. Again, all good, just pricey and small portions. Glad I tried this place but probably won't go again.
4	Great spot for fine dining or for a casual meal at the bar. They also have a sushi bar in the dining room and there is a grill at the main bar. Nice asian vibe and a beautiful walk up with a water feature and lush plants. I love going there when solo to hangout at the bar, watch the game, and enjoy the sushi. The tuna tuna salmon is awesome. They have a great happy hour as well.
1	The small plates "Roboto" tasted like the gas used to fuel the grill, no effort was made in the presentation of the items and none of the entrees were outstanding or unique.Dirty dishes sat on the table for far too long and they only had one toilet per gender, resulting in a line outside the restroom.   We spent almost $400, but were so unsatisfied with our meal that we went to Carnegie Deli a couple of hours later and had a grilled cheese.  Save yourself the $390 and just have the grilled cheese.
4	Share food family style and try a little of everything. Ahi tuna ceviche was delicious
5	Just as great as the one in Chicago.The only difference here is they added kobe beef for the rock appetizer.  OMG...idk how they even have this dish but it is worth every penny!!!!!Had pretty much the same meal as the last time I dined here.  Lobster spring roll, ebi ebi roll. kobe rock, and the duck.  I think i looked forward to the duck the most and I was not dissapointed one bit.I also ordered the orchid martini was so tasty, not too strong, and not too sweet.Our waiter was absolutely enthusiastic and very easy going.  He made our dining experience and first night in vegas quite memorable.  I can't wait to go back for the duck!!  WHYYYY DID THE ONE IN NY HAVE TO CLOSE :( :( :(
2	Bleh.  For the price that you're paying, the food and service you get just isn't worth it.  I came here in a party of 9 so I was able to taste a variety of different foods and nothing really stood out.  Probably the best thing I had was the grilled asparagus but that was just that... grilled asparagus.  The rock grilled steak or whatever they called it was too gimicky for my taste.  Yes, the hot rock gave a nice sizzle and sear over the first steak slice you put on it but afterwards, the rock loses a lot of heat really quickly thus cooking the remaining slices unevenly.  The sweet and sour calamari appetizer tasted like something that came out of Panda Express.  I tried a little bit of the duck and it was nothing special.  The flavors were all jumbled together and I couldn't even taste the duck.  Same thing can be said of the filet mignon that I ordered.  First of all I ordered it medium rare but it arrived medium.  Like the duck, it was just a jumbled mess of flavors that really masked the meat itself.  The worst part of the meal however wasn't the food but the uneven arrival of the dishes.  Our appetizers came out really quickly but then there was a horrendously long wait to get our main courses (something around 45 minutes)....  That was just ridiculous and unacceptable.  Never again!
5	I'm not sure why the bad reviews... we had a great experience and wonderful food! We arrived at Mirage about two hours prior to our show (Terry Fator) on a Saturday night. I am always excited to be in a big city during restaurant week - and we were fortunate to be in town during Vegas' RW! Japonais RW special offered a variety of appetizers, entrees, and two desserts. We (my husband and I) had the Rock (DO IT!!) appetizer.  "The Rock" is thinly sliced marinated new york strip steak cooked on a hot rock - the flavor of the steak and seasonings was fabulous and the experience of cooking on your own private 500 degree rock was unique. Our second appetizer was the "Pachinko" which was Kumamoto Oysters with mushroom and bacon gratin (not on their regular menu) - very tasty indeed! For the entree, I had the Chestnut Chicken which was a Chestnut Chicken;  1/2 chicken with Shiitake rice and lemon ginger sauce - the portion was more than adequate and quite tasty! My husband had the Sea Bass Cartoccio which is steamed Chilean Sea Bass served with soy butter sauce and tomato compote.... omgosh, it was so flavorful! For dessert, I had the Chocolate Mousse Cake with Raspberry Sauce and. my husband had the ice-cream trio. Our waitress was incredibly helpful and quite attentive! She continuously updated our time between courses in relation to our show time (which she asked upon seating us). We felt the attention was very personalized and spot-on even though she was tending to five separate tables. We overheard her speaking to the table next to ours (their show time was earlier than ours) and she ensured their food and drinks were delivered in time for them to have a leisurely meal and still get to their show in time. All in all, we were thrilled with our experience and have every intention to return on a future visit!  (BTW, it should be noted that our appetizer choices were made based on Yelp reviews! Thanks, y'all!)
4	This was the second time I ate at Japonais in Vegas and still am fond of this place.  The fish is always fresh, and the service is great.  There is nothing spectacular about this place, but wouldn't mind coming here again.  The sea bass robata was my favorite dish of the night.
3	The manager gave me a birthday chocolate mousse with "Happy Birthda Amy" written out in chocolate-gold syrup. The maki we ordered was decent, no more. Good miso soup and a share-able house salad. Nice pot of jasmine tea. The entrees were too expensive to touch. Very friendly service and lovely decor.
4	The hot rock was not only delicious but tons of fun!! Great place to grab a bit while in the Mirage!!
5	Always top-notch, better than their NYC location. My favorite restaurant in LV, although food seems to be better inside (as opposed to the bar, which seems to fill with "working women" when busy). This place will make a sushi-lover out of someone allergic to fish! The steaks are the definition of sublime. Not cheap, but worth every penny. If you can splurge just once....
4	We had a great experience here before heading to the Cirque du Soleil LOVE, which is primarily why we chose to eat here (very conveniently located).  We told our server that we had a show at 9:30, and she was helpful with pacing the meal accordingly. Our party of 4 decided to order an assortment of appetizers to share.  We had "the rock" (strip, not Kobe, which was really excellent), crab cakes (also excellent), veggie flat-bread (good, better than I expected for flat-bread at an Asian fusion restaurant), and  lobster spring rolls (ok, but definitely everyone's least favorite). My stepmom and I each ordered the blueberry ginger cocktail and loved it (not very sweet, lots of fresh ginger flavor), but we both love ginger.  Dad and husband had mixed drinks, which they said were good.  My stepmom and I split the salmon entree, which was very good.  It had a great flavor, and we both loved the side of new potatoes.  The salmon was slightly well-done, which to me is overdone for salmon, but it was still moist.  Dad had the sushi special (made with shrimp, not on menu), which he loved.  My husband ordered two of the chicken robata, the "beef robata" (I think he meant to order the skirt steak, but they brought the beef slider), and a side of shitake rice casserole.  I tried a piece of the chicken, which tasted odd; I can't quite put my finger on what it was, but it almost tasted old... very fatty, dark meat, and not very well seasoned.  He said the slider was good (much better than the chicken).  The rice was ok;  it was basically sticky rice with about 5 small slices of mushroom.  We ordered 4 different sorbets:  guava (good), mango (good), raspberry (good), and yuzu (excellent).  Some of us had coffee, which was fine.  Service was fairly good, but I would have expected better from a restaurant on the higher end of in-hotel dining.
2	I liked the atmosphere of this place when we first arrived; it was a nice respite from the casino, without having to travel too far.  The prices were definitely Vegas-style, but the food was good.  I had the spicy tuna roll and the hamachi roll; six pieces each for a total of $20.  The portions were very small, but at least I didn't order 'the rock' strip steak; it was probably 2-3 oz of sliced NY strip for $18 that you have to cook yourself.  The beers started at $6/each (Vegas, I know...) so I only had one.Th thing that really burned me is that I ordered my food with everyone else, but my meal didn't arrive until after the rest of my party was done eating.  I asked the waitress where my food was twice, but she replied with, 'we have three separate kitchens and I put in a request to have it sent out'.  When I complained to the manager, who looked more like a DJ than a professional restaurant-type, he said that he was sorry and there was nothing he could do...no discount, no free drinks.  I'm not one to go around with my hand out, but I feel like he owed me something.Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.
2	We were very disappointed with Japonais.  The sushi's quality is just ok and way over priced ($8-$16 for each piece, not an order of at least 2 pieces).  The Robata was worse- unimaginative and again over priced (an order of shishito peppers consisted of 4 small peppers on a skewer with no sauce or bonito flakes).  Go to Nobu instead.
2	Our group of four was excited to try this place for dinner on Saturday night - the atmosphere looked cool, and the menu looked awesome.  Plus, we were staying at the Mirage and we could stay on the property.  HOWEVER.  Our excitement didn't last long.  The ambiance was fine.  Very cool loungey vibe.  They were pumping club tunes in the background.  It was not super loud, so it wasn't offensive.  It seemed most patrons were relatively snazzed up in terms of dress code.This was our third day in Vegas, so by then, I was already pretty desensitized to the inflated prices all over town.  Japonais definitely kept with that theme.  My husband and I shared two pieces of uni sashimi, seafood tempura, kobe carpaccio, dessert and two cocktails and the bill came out to about $100.  The food was good. Not earth-shatteringly awesome, but good.  I was not full, though, and my dining companion who ordered two plates of the kobe and rock strip steak was definitely still hungry (each were only approx. 2oz  of meat).  I was glad to be able to order a big Asahi Super Dry, which was a somewhat reasonable $10.My main beef with the place was the service.  It was terrible.  We had approximately four servers who were working with our table, but they appeared to be working independently of each other - one couldn't handle the bill, one couldn't tell us the status of an entree, etc..  They brought the food out in such a weird order.  We got our uni and seafood tempura simultaneously, then the carpaccio came pretty closely thereafter.  My husband and I were finished eating before our friends got the majority of their food.   Three of us were finished before the fourth got her entree.  We had to inquire about it, and it still took time to get it.  I heard some ladies complain to the staff that the bathroom was out of TP, which I think is also an indication of the level of service there.Would I go there again or recommend it to anyone?  No.
4	This was the second time we've eater here and were very happy both times. We tried a variety of dishes, sushi, the hot rock items. There was items you can order just 1 of and thats a nice way to sample a lot. However they are not cheap! I don't mind paying but dont be shocked when you get the bill and easily over 100 and it seems like you didnt order that much. Service was decent to good. I only say decent because our server would come over to check on us and then let herself be stolen to the table next to us and forget about us but a lower tip took care of that. There is a lounge and dining room, we've only sat in the lounge, tables are kind of small so dont order a lot at once, it wont fit! OVer all very good though!
3	My friend and I went here to eat before seeing LOVE.  This was awhile ago but the only memorable thing I remember eating here was the duck entree and the service.  Our hostess and server were very nice and checked on us frequently to make sure we were having a good meal.  Unfortunately I believe my friend had some type of fish dish which had a very tart sauce on it.  Even a little for me and I love tart things.  Overall it's a hit or miss with some dishes but you'll get quality service.  It is however, convenient if you're going to see LOVE at the Mirage.
4	I'm rounding up from 3.5 stars, because all in all, I had a pretty good experience here.  Our group of 4 sat in the lounge and ordered several appetizers to share.  Our server was nice, but sometimes seemed a bit confused.  She first told me that the bar couldn't make one of their "speciality" cocktails, called "The Red One."  I said okay, and was going to choose something else, but then she said that they could still make it.  Huh?? She said that it was basically just a vodka cranberry with a sugar rim, even though the menu listed other ingredients. She brought it, and yeah, I was underwhelmed. Everyone else enjoyed their cocktails though. Other than that, the food was great. We ordered the uni (I was not a fan, but the foodie in the group loved it), the soft shell crab rolls (very good), the calimari (Excellent! These were the long tubes in a sweet/spicy sauce, not fried), the sliders (HUGE, and very good, with a chipotle ketchup), and the beef cooked over the hot rock (delicious). The prices were a bit inflated, but it is the Strip, so we expected it. The lounge was very cool, with top 40 music playing in the background.  It was loud enough to enjoy, but not so loud that you couldn't hold a conversation.
2	SKIP THE LATE NIGHT MENU!!!!!Our group went here around 11:00 pm, so we missed the dinner menu. We were all pretty hungry, so when I ordered the chicken skewer, and this pinky sized piece of meat on a stick ($7, just one) came out, I immediately had to order 2 other items knowing this would not come close to filling me up. So I ordered miso soup ($5). Did I get a bowl of hot steaming  miso? NOPE. I got a shot of it. Everything was overly spicy also. Nose was running all night from the spiciness! Good thing it was not a first date! This place got an extra star for the mere fact it had a cool atmosphere and chic decor. Service is Slllooooowww, even with the 4 different waiters we had..... I will say they serve a killer Bloody Mary. If anything I would go back for the Bloody Mary.All in all, you will leave starving and broke.
5	Came here with a few friends after riding a hot streak at the Blackjack tables for a solid 7 hours.  Loved the loungey stylish vibe.  We started off with the Hawaiian Hamachi and an Ahi sashimi app ( i forgot the name) and both wer OUTSTANDING.  The ahi was one of the best plates Ive ever had.  For dinner I got the Japanese Red Snapper and my friends both got the short ribs.  Both dinners were visually impressive and tasted fantastic.  A couple of bottles of cold sake and we were drunk, full, and happy.  Too bad the tables weren't as kind to us after dinner.
3	If I could, I would eat sashimi and nigiri every day for the rest ofmy life..I firmly believe that we should change our currency fromdollars to sushi. That way I could literally eat my money. Yes I amthat weird..dont judge me!This restaurant is good but there is a reason why im givng it 3 stars. The mono roll is delicious, shishito peppersare great and their uni is good as well. The sashimi is averageand decent size cuts and the service is good as well.ambiance ,musicand decoration match the food and their sake selection is verygenerous. But, all this comes with a high price. For example, we were3, ate a decent amount of sashimi , a couple of rolls and we werealready sitting at a 700 dollars bill. Remember, sashimi brings pricesup .I would like to say to you, that if you are just looking for a sushiplace to eat and not a date, or something fancy, go to a better pricedrestaurant (but don't go to hyakumi), where you most likely will findthe same quality of fish and rolls. Hell..I rather go to an all youcan eat place if time permits!.
4	After leaving Sushisamba (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sushisamba-las-vegas#hrid:1dxUEuHDmW5jPCEoH82cCA) hungry and disappointed, I decided to try my luck at Japonais. I sat at the bar close to the grill where the chef was prepping all the Robata (various foods skewered and grilled on Japanese charcoal bincho tan). The bartender promptly gave me a menu and was happy to explain the menu items that I had questions about. I ordered their Sake Martini (sake and shochu shaken with fresh cucumber) and sipped that deliciously refreshing cocktail while perusing my food options. For starters I ordered the Ahi Tuna Tartare topped with quail egg and caviar (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/azIZRqX_1qbp0_6GKSgSAA?select=o2MJ5pijZGP0tMLBPgDSEg#EzU5HRGJcy15ctY6qinvMg). The presentation of the dish was beautiful and I loved that the chive sprigs on top had their ends wrapped in gold leaves. Nothing makes a woman feel more luxurious than some gold in her food! The thin cucumber slices added a nice crunch to the well seasoned, fresh tuna. I had never had Robata before, so I opted for the Shitake Mushrooms that were dashi marinated with some sea salt and the Red Snapper Kama - fish cheeks with sea salt and ponzu sauce (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/azIZRqX_1qbp0_6GKSgSAA?select=o2MJ5pijZGP0tMLBPgDSEg#o2MJ5pijZGP0tMLBPgDSEg). The mushrooms were juicy and had great texture. The fish cheeks were absolutely phenomenal. The amount of salt was perfect and the meat right off the cheek bone was simply divine. I don't recall ever having such tender, succulent grilled fish. The grill added some nice crunchy char marks on the outside. Although I was already full, I couldn't resist the Kabocha Cheesecake - Japanese pumpkin cheesecake served with five-spiced pineapple mousse and almond cookie crust. Heaven ensued. The pumpkin was not very apparent (just as the bartender had informed me), the spiced pineapple had the perfect sweet & spicy combo going on and all the ingredients just paired so well together.A lovely quick dinner experience at the bar - would definitely come back for the snapper cheeks and soem more sake martinis!!!
5	Before Uchi, Japonais was my favorite sushi restaurant.  Still remains on my list of places to eat in Chicago and Vegas.  Even with all the other amazing restaurants in Vegas, I still save one night for Japonais.  And so worth it.It's in the Mirage and it's not the hip, happening place to be.  But I don't care.  The food is good.  Service is good.  Highly recommend the spicy mono, bin cho, and half aji.  Get the mackeral bones fried after you're done with the sashimi and it is AMAZING.Leave happy.
2	Very disappointed by me and my friend's experience at Japonais. For a fine dining restaurant and the price that I paid, I expected better. First of all, let me start by saying that I'm not a fine dining connoisseur, and I don't do fine dining on a regular basis. However, when I do, I expect food to be at least decent and service to be better than what I can get at my local Denny's.I went to Japonais because my friend suggested it, having been here before a few times, and because it was Restaurant Week.  The restaurant itself is very nice and dark, with a relaxing atmosphere. I ordered the Robota steak skewer as an appetizer, Salmon Japonais, and Chocolate Mousse Cake. My friend ordered The Rock, Rice Casserole for a side dish, and wanted the Braised Short Ribs, but the waitress informed her that the kitchen didn't have any short ribs for the night and suggested that she get the rib eye steak. When I ordered the Robota steak skewer, I was thinking it was going to be more than one skewer for appetizer or a long skewer, but the waitress literally brought out a huge plate for one tiny skewer with 3 pieces of meat and pieces of onions and peppers. I mean, I know it's fine dining and all, but $8 for a skewer of meat that tastes like it was grilled on my dad's barbeque grill in his backyard, are you kidding me? However, I thought that The Rock appetizer with the raw slices of beef that you can grill on the heated rock was very unique and fun though. My Salmon Japonais was somewhat better. The salmon was a little bit overcooked and dry for my taste, but the presentation was lovely. I wish there would've been a bit more curry sauce though. My friend, on the other hand, was very disappointed with her steak. It was literally just a piece of steak and potato puree on the side. The steak was OK, but the potato puree tasted really weird, too much garlic and the texture was almost like it came from a box. The steak came with a peppery dipping sauce that my friend didn't like, so she asked the waitress if the chef could make a red wine sauce. This is when things got weird. The waitress told us that the chef couldn't or wouldn't make the red wine sauce because "we make everything from our own recipes, so a red wine sauce is like stealing another restaurant's recipe or idea" or some excuse like that. I think that when dining out, especially in fine dining, if the customer is unhappy, the least the chef could do is rectify the problem. It's not as if my friend was asking for something outrageous, with the full bar they have, I'm pretty sure they have red wine somewhere. Then she suggested KETCHUP and SRIRACHA to my friend as a steak sauce. I'm sorry, but never in all my years of dining have I ever heard of eating steak with ketchup and hot sauce. My friend was so disappointed by the situation that she didn't want to finish the steak or her rice casserole (which came 30 minutes after we got our main dishes so I'm sure they forgot about it). My friend almost never complains about service and keeps quiet, and she's been here before and loved it, but even she thought this experience was bad and requested to talk to the manager. After waiting about 15 minutes, the manager came over to talk to us. He apologized for the food and wait time, and blamed the computer system crashing for my friend's horrible experience (I'm not sure how not being able to process credit cards and crappy food are correlated, but alright), then comped my friend's meal. The reason why I'm giving Japonais 2 stars is because the manager did acknowledge the problems and apologize, which we appreciated. Dessert was pretty forgettable, and I left with $60 less in my wallet and feeling a bit hungry. Perhaps it was just a bad night that we came on, but I want to give Japonais a second chance, just not with my money.
5	Love the atmosphere in this place. The lounge section is very relaxing located right in the atrium. When I go here I always get the Robata. And oddly my favorite item is Kobe Sliders. They put this spicy ketchup on them that tastes amazing.
4	We had a nice meal here a few days ago. The service was solid, the food was nice and the sake list first rate. The dishes ranged from good to very good with maybe one that was exceptional. I debated 3 vs 4 stars and felt the balance fell toward 4 but the fact that I considered 3 should be noted. It definitely was not a 5-star experience. We enjoyed our meal and I would go back as well as recommend it to others. I just would not expect to be blown away. It's solid but not great.
3	Not the best fine dinning in Vegas, I went because I had a resort credit and I don't want to waste it, the food was ok...but I can use those money to get better sushi in town~~They didn't have something I order but suggested me with something similar, which was a great move, HOWEVER!....they didn't even tell u there is gonna be a price difference of what they are offering than the dish i ordered before....this is so not professional...I'm not going back there again.. I have more option to choose from in LAS VEGAS
4	Pricey but excellent upscale Sushi restaurant in The Mirage. This is a great place to take that special someone you might be traveling with in Las Vegas.They've got adventurous and interesting rolls, as well as high quality versions of go-to standbys like Spicy Tuna and California Rolls. Their cocktail list is excellent as well, with their standout drink being the "Floating Orchid," which features a real and edible... floating orchid. Romantic and hip, I haven't been in a couple years but look forward to dining there again on my next trip out to Vegas.
4	The service is incredible! The sushi is good; flavorful fish, but too much use of sauces.
2	So we took a party of 17 here tonight on Election Day for a trade show. It took about 25 mins to get wine after we ordered. Appetizers were slow to be served, and he whole pace of service was lacking. One waiter tried to accommodate, but they really needed two. Management failure. Some decent food, but poorly handled.
3	The Bartenders Suck---At least the few i experienced...Otherwise I LOVE THE PLACEDid i mention the Bartenders Suck?
3	It's not even worth bitching about a place being overpriced and pretentious if it's located in a Strip casino and has a fruity French name. Those BLATANT red flags should be all the warning you need.But since I like to bitch, here goes. A friend and I had enough sushi & sashimi to fill us both, plus one seaweed salad and one miso soup, and a shared dessert. For this, we paid over $200. $64 of it was sake, so that means about $140 for a good (but not exceptional) sushi dinner. The service was good, the food was good, and the ambiance was sort of dark, upscale chic. White tablecloths, sort of hushed atmosphere. No windows, slightly claustrophobic mid-casino location. Conveniently located amidst a sea of slot machines.Obviously, one could do better off-Strip....but if you find yourself stranded at the Mirage and in DESPERATE need of sushi, this place will do. It's just not very exciting.
4	We had a fantastic waitress, named Po, who added to our experience. She was very attentive and kind. After we were seated, we were given hot towels to wash our hands with... FANCY.We had the spicy octopus roll, spicy tuna roll, crunchy roll and melon and tuna salad. Everything was amazingly fresh and tasty. They have a full bar including a huge Saki list.If you find yourself in Vegas and don't know where to eat... go here! You won't regret it!
2	One of the most mediocre restaurants I ever had dinner. very expensive, sushi very very average at best. I would never go back
5	My experience at the Japonais was amazing.  I highly recommend the Chilean Sea bass from Robata grill as a starter!  I come to Vegas at least 3 times a year & I make sure to visit the Japonais while I'm in town.  Also, try the berry ginger cocktail.  These bartenders are awesome!!
4	The atmosphere is wonderful and particularly fun in the lounge. Service was very good but sushi was really average. Even though the chef clearly tried to make each roll unique they came out with ingredients not listed on the menu, like spicy mayo. The signature dish known as the rock was exceptional and really fun to eat. Overall a great experience.
3	Went here over the Christmas for a date night with my wife.  Atmosphere is amazing and the food was fantastic.  We were seated in a little gazebo area off the main restaurant on some little romantic benches.  It was great.Pricing expensive, but what you expect in Vegas.However, the service was just terrible.  Waitress never came around with refills on anything.  On soda that is that expensive, I expect more than one refill on a small glass filled with that much ice.  It took forever to get the bill and to process our card.
4	We had the signature sushi for 4-5 serving me n wife ate the whole thing it was good. We ordered tamago n udon for my kid n the waiter said hell just add tamago to signature n don't need to order. Nice waiter. Udon is double the size serving compare to shibuya n is spicyer. They were giving out little complimentary sashimi appetizer for everyone! Sushi tasted fresher than shi buya.
4	I really like the chill vibe in the japonais lounge. The lobster spring rolls are great, the crab cake is one of my favorites ever, and The Rock is delish too! Good drinks, this is a fun place to chillax and have a few drinks/appetizers before you go out. I only gave this place 4 stars because I feel like the management has gone downhill since I started eating here 3 or 4 years back. But all the waitresses have been really friendly, and the food has always been great.
4	Awesome food.  Great skewers appetizers and sushi.
2	We made a reservation for 8:30pm on April 12th.  I figured it was good timing prior to our Jay Leno show at 10pm.  We were seated as we arrived.  The hostess wished us happy anniversary, which was nice of her.  Apparently it showed on their system when my husband made the reservation.We had a nice table and our waiter seemed nice.  We were surprised that an Asian/Japanese fusion restaurant didn't have Plum Wine.  That's the most unusual thing I've ever heard of.We ordered several small plates.  Grilled Asparagus, Chilean Sea Bass, Salad, Carpaccio, Salmon Sashimi and couple of rolls.  I made it clear that the rice portion of our meal will be from the sushi.  Everything came slowly and after waiting an hour for the sushi rolls, our waiter tells us it will be another 45 minutes.  REALLY!?  Are you kidding me?  I canceled the sushi order and left still hungry.  All the small meals that my husband and I shared were too small for any satisfaction to happen.To think that it cost an arm and a leg to leave hungry...pretty ridiculous!BTW-the 2 stars are for the Asparagus and Sea Bass.  Everything else is worth NOTHING!Have not been this disappointed in a restaurant in a very long time.Will not be returning!
5	I've eaten here twice now at my recent stays at The Mirage. I decided it was time for a review. Both of the experiences could be rated equally. The first time we had a 6 person group and the 2nd was myself and my wife. The servers treated us like we were Jay-Z and Beyonce out on the town haha. It was pretty great! We were served in the most professional manner I've experienced to date. The food is amazing and so is the atmosphere. My wife now makes it a requirement when staying at The Mirage for us to eat here. I will be back again soon! I forget what it's called but have the Kobe Beef that comes with a scorching hot rock. Also I don't know if there is a dress code, but I would only feel right eating here wearing something better than normal streetwear. I wore some nice jeans and a long sleeve button down both times.
2	Arrived here with a large group on Saturday night.  The first thing the waitress asked was if any of us were going to a show and what time.  Several of us were, so we informed her the time of the show (1:45 from then) and she assured us that our food would be out with plenty of time.  Well it came around to be 10 minutes before the show and we had to flag her down to give us the check.  She didnt come back in time, so we had to leave cash with other people at the table to pay her.The food was brought at hugely different times, it took at least 45 minutes for all members of the table to get their food.  Several people were finished with their food before others even got theirs.The quality of the sushi was decent, but nothing to write home about.  The prices were on par for the Las Vegas strip.
4	Had an excellent experience here dining with friends. Was able to squeeze in a reservation even though they were booked up. First off, the staff has some eye candy that definitely kept us intrigued during dinner. The service was very good, though the kitchen could do a lot better in timing the food. I have dined out enough to know to stagger my orders so that everything will arrive with proper time in between, but our entrees took almost 45 min. after being ordered to be delivered, which was disappointing. Our server was excellent and greeted me by name each time she came to the table. The food was excellent albeit a bit pricey, but that's what you expect in Vegas. For their famed skewers, we got the shrimp and scallop, chilean sea bass, steak, and sliders.  The scallops were perfectly cooked and the flavor of the sea bass was spot on. Maybe the best I've had. Their "rock" appetizer was interesting, though I'd have to say it smelled better cooking that the meat actually tasted. And quite pricey at $18 for 9 tiny super thin slices of meat. But it was all the "rock". The short rib entree was good, but the apple au jus sauce it was paired with was probably the best thing I have tasted. We all wanted to lick the plate. And it was paired with a sweet potato puree, that was probably the tastiest mashed potatoes I've had in ages. All in all, I would return again, as the food was definitely the standout.
1	A co-worker and I went here the other night for a quick dinner after standing in our booth all day at a show.  We were pretty hungry and excited for some good sushi after several really amazing (but heavy) meals in Las Vegas up to this point.  Honestly, this was the worst sushi either of us have ever had, and it was made worse by the exorbitant prices.  The Unagi was dry and cold, and tasted like cardboard - it didn't even look appetizing.  We had two other sushi rolls that were okay, but not worth nealy $20 each. We did also order cevice which was quite delicious, but it didn't come with any wonton chips or anything, and that's strange for ceviche.  My colleague ordered a beer and the waitress brought the wrong one - she was pretty pissy when he sent it back, and it was difficult to get her attention after that.  I had the cocktail with a floating orchid in it - it was fine but nothing amazing.  Overall, especially given the price ($120 for an app, 2 rolls, Unagi and 2 drinks) this meal was overwhelmingly disappointing.  We overhead the waitress saying that they were closing, and I can only say good riddance.
4	THE SETTING: My dad's first dinner in Las Vegas. We had to find a classy fine dining establishment before our audiovisual extravaganza at Beatles Love, and Japonais fit the bill.THE SCENE: 5:30 PM dinner; we were the first guests. Loved the interior - lots of dark wood and soft lighting.THE DRINKS: Pitch-perfect dirty martini for me, a dry no-olive martini for dad (recent stroke resulting in a dramatic cutback in salt intake), a cucumber-lemon concoction for my wife. The drinks were perfect: just the right degree of cold, a thin layer of lenticular ice particles adrift on the top, crisp, balanced.THE SUSHI: Although I did not have any, my wife almost growled with pleasure at every morsel, and she is a sushi aficionado of high caliber.THE STEAK: Perfectly rare, aged ribeye, bone-in. I ate every scrap of mine, as did my dad. The sweet potato fries were the only sub-perfect component - this is one of the few things I would have changed, perhaps substituted a small salad.THE SERVICE: This may have been due to the fact that we were the only customers for the first half-hour, but we had our own busboy in addition to the waiter, and the GM came over to inquire personally how we were doing. This led into a charming conversation about her history in Vietnam, of fleeing the country and working her way up in the United States. This led to a lot of pleasant discussion between her and my father, who served on an aircraft carrier, and who was personally against the war. She was happy to please us, and we were happy to be pleased!The timing of all dishes went well, the kitchen put a hold on the sushi such that it began arriving the same time as the steaks. An extra-special EXCELLENT to the kitchen and staff for making sure that dad's food and martini were nigh-saltless; just a pinch for flavor. It says a lot of good things about a restaurant that when you mention a dietary restriction, they hold to it 100% through the meal.THE BOTTOM LINE: If you like a good steak, good sushi, and good service, go to Japonais.
5	We had a bit of time to kill before going to see Beatles' Love, so we decided to stop at the bar at Japonais and get a drink.  I love this place!  Our bartender, Vic, provided quick and friendly service.  He also made one of the best dirty martinis I've ever had.  We sat near a few people at the bar who were super friendly and we all engaged in a conversation about Fireball.  The crowd is friendly and classy.  I really enjoyed our short bar visit and would love to come back to try the food soon.
3	We came here both before and after a show for the lounge.  Had drinks before and food after.  The rabata lobster was good but thought $20 was a bit steep for a small lobster tail. The drinks were also pricey but well made. We found sitting at the bar more comfy and inviting than the lounge seating.
4	Japonais recently provided me with one of the better, if not the best, sushi meals I have had in LV. Sushi Roku in the Forum and Nobu at the Hard Rock are also in that conversation.  But as for Japonais, we had an intentionally-expedited meal at the sushi bar before seeing a show at Mirage, and the sushi chef and his service team were great!We fired away nigiri orders, some customized, while trying everything in sight- and the fish was excellent.  The caliber and gradations of Toro were delicious and 'honest' to what they were, which is somewhat uncommon in the US.  I'd happily chow on that alone in the future, but everything we had was truly high-quality and tasted fresh.  We basically ate exclusively nigiri, with the exception of one lobster or crab spring roll, which was good but missable.  Desserts were excellent as well- my wife had a Japanese pumpkin cheesecake and I had an amazingly refreshing yuzu sorbet.Since we didn't really even read the menu, I can't comment on what was on it (non-sushi items).  But I can say that on this given July evening, the sushi bar was locked and loaded with a sizable variety and great fresh offerings, and I wouldn't hesitate to visit again if in the area.
1	nope  over rated-- pretty restaurant  but it should bee it was empty when we went and sat at the sushi bar. had to ask for towels and it  didn't make sense that the chef  placed a paper order ticket on top of the fish  we thought it was a mistake that it just landed there  but every order she threw the ticket on the plate/fish.  we  had a piece and a roll and left  was still $50    save your money Go to TAO in the Palazzo/Venetian
2	Nice ambiance; trendy, and hip. Other than that... food wasn't good enough to justify its price. We had the braised short ribs but it tasted more like a pot roast. Way to sweet for my taste. The udon noodles were kind of bland. I truly think the udon noodles in a package tastes much better. Really. I'm not trying to be funny. If u like to just have a drink and not eat here, this place will be good for just that.
3	I love the ambiance of this place, though the table I sat at seemed like it was made for children - it was VERY low - I had to angle my legs to keep them under the table. I'm pretty average height, so that was perplexing and generally not comfortable. Location-wise, it was great for dinner before The Beatles show. The sushi was good, not great. The signature cocktails were excellent and very strong, which I appreciate when you're paying a premium. Overall, my experience was positive and I would go back, maybe just for a drink.
4	Pricey, but you get the service you pay for. The bartender was so patient and considerate even though it was a Saturday night and packed! Great place to sit and have a cocktail, unwind and feel appreciated.
2	Mediocre at best. No real creativity in their rolls and it didn't seem like there was much effort to be creative. Atmosphere was just okay. I wanted to like this place, but it just didn't work.
2	We are staying at the Mirage and happened to walk by this restaurant which looks amazing from the outside. My wife and I are avid sushi fans and thought this would be a fun place to try out. The waitress was very friendly and the Kirin Ichiban beer was great. The sushi, was not worth the high price tag. We ordered the calamari which is thick strips (it's good but also pricey). We ordered 3 sushi rolls and were very disappointed with the lack of creativity for such an expensive roll. We decided to close out our bill even though we were still hungry because we were not satisfied. The regular sushi rolls are extremely tiny and are just the item around rice and seaweed.  If you are deciding on this restaurant for sushi alone, don't bother. If you like your sushi to have a variety of the sea's flavors, then don't go here. Maybe we are spoiled because we are from San Diego but I will not be coming to this restaurant again. We are used to much tastier, creative sushi for about half the price of Japonais.
5	This was probably the best sushi we ever had.
5	Could be the best Japanese Restaurant on the Strip... but we haven't tried them allThe Japonais is located in the Mirage and has a beautifully decorated dining room with dark wood and a lively sushi bar.  We ordered "The Rock" to start.  This was one of their signature appetizers... a 500 degree rock on which to cook thinly sliced marinated steak.  Absolutely delicious.  We also ordered the asparagus and black sea cod from the robata grill.  Also outstanding.  For dinner, my wife ordered the duck which was marinated in a hoisin based sauce, served with mushu wraps, and various condiments.  It was amazing and I had to keep sneaking bites from her.  I ordered a selection of sashimi which was excellent and a great sushi roll, the Kazan, which had snow crab, avocado, and spicy scallop.  For dessert, we shared the kabocha pumpkin cheesecake.  Probably the best cheesecake I have ever had.The Japonais is fantastic.  There may be better strictly sushi restaurants on the strip.  But the Japonais offer variety that is hard to top.
4	Amazing dining experience!
2	Nice looking place but service was slow, food was just above average and I left feeling hungry. We ordered the platter for five which seemed horribly inadequate for five guys, even after apps. Their house cocktails tasted like scented water but the sidecar I ordered was okay. I did tell them exactly how to make it though. I won't go back.
4	Japonais really deserves at least 4 stars for the delicious food and the friendly service. I honestly believe that a majority of people gave lower ratings due to the price. Everything is a little overpriced except for the main courses. Those range from $28-36 which is typical for entrees at a more nicer restaurant. Japonais is categorized as a Japanese restaurant and sushi bar. From the outside, Japonais looks very contemporary and is absolutely beautiful on the inside. They have huge wooden beams that have nice curves to it along the ceiling. Just the whole restaurant makes you feel like you are in a restaurant with class and beauty.Japonais offers an array of food like hot & cold appetizers, sushi rolls, sushi, sashimi, nigiri, izakaya, steaks, fish and pork. Great selection of different things that would surely please everyone. They also have a nice selection of desserts at the end if you still have room!Po (Poh) was our waitress and she was a character! She had so much energy we all felt like we drank a couple cups of coffee. She was hilarious and definitely made the night special. She knew the menu so well. She knew what was in every dish and was able to answer our question with ease. The food here is presented beautifully and tastes amazing! Here's what we ordered:Lobster spring rolls (4 pieces): served over a mango relish and blood orange glaze. It was like your typical egg roll, but with little bits of lobster. The mango relish was nice, but I honestly couldn't even taste the blood orange glaze. If I didn't read the menu, I would have not known what it was. $21Hawaiian hamachi (4 pieces): thinly sliced yellowtail with chopped jalapenos in a sesame soy yuzu vinaigrette. The server tells you that the sushi chef recommends that you do not put soy sauce on it. So we just ate it as is and it was very citrusy! The yuzu stood out so much. Thank goodness I like yuzu otherwise it would have been way too sour for me. $17Ahi tuna ceviche: white soy marinated with edamame and tempura shallots. In my opinion it's more of a tuna tartare versus a ceviche. A ceviche is traditionally marinated in lemon, lime, orange and any other citrus in order to slightly cook the seafood. Tuna tartare is traditionally marinated in soy sauce and sesame oil. Anyway, the diced up sashimi was delicious! Just dip each piece into a combination of soy sauce and wasabi and it's amazing! $18Tuna flatbread: ahi tuna, mochi cheese, shimeji mushrooms, fresh made ohba and wakame crust. This just sounded really interesting, but the flavor was actually very simple and good. You can really taste each component of this dish. First you get the tomato flavor from the slice of cherry tomato on the top. Next you taste the ahi tuna itself and then taste the mushrooms and finally the ohba and wakame crust. I honestly couldn't taste the mochi cheese that much, but you can definitely feel the texture. Overall, it was very interesting and I'm pretty sure you can't find this dish at any other restaurant. $18Braised short ribs: served with a Japanese sweet potato puree, poached apple and au jus. This was absolutely delicious! The short rib was a pretty good size and it was just fall apart tender. This dish just had so much flavor. The apple was an interesting touch to this dish, but I liked it since it made it a little bit different versus your typical short rib dish. $29Salmon Japonais: nori skin encrusted Atlantic salmon, sweet shrimp, fingerling potatoes and curry oil. I wasn't too sure how the curry oil would taste in this dish, but you couldn't even tell that the curry oil was in this dish. The salmon was cooked perfectly. It had a nice crust on the top while the actual salmon meat was still moist. It was placed on top a bed of sliced shrimp, sliced potatoes and edamame beans. It was also in a creamy sauce. I couldn't quite put my finger on that creamy sauce, but it was pretty good. $28Sea bass cartoccio: steamed Chilean sea bass served with maitake mushrooms, soy butter sauce and a tomato compote. The sea bass was so moist and cooked perfectly. The soy butter sauce was perfect over rice and the tomato compote had so much flavor and took this fish to the next level. So much flavor was put on this delicate fish and it worked perfectly. A must try! $34Apple pie toban yaki: Not your traditional apple pie. Washington red and green apples with a ginger sugar crumble and a scoop of honey vanilla ice cream served in a hot clay pot. The presentation was absolutely beautiful and it tasted even better. The sliced apples were swimming in a sweet caramel like sauce and the ginger sugar crumbles gave it that much needed texture. The ice cream also provided a nice touch to the overall dish and made it seem creamy. Such a great dessert! $14Overall, Japonais was delicious and I would definitely eat here again. The quality of food, service and presentation makes this restaurant a winner in my books.
4	I have to admit, after seeing the yelp reviews I was apprehensive when dinner reservations were made at Japonais, but considering it was in our hotel (The Mirage) and we were oh so tired, I was thankful for the close location and decided to roll with it.The service seemed to be struggling with us at first - menus were forgotten, requests for drink menus forgotten, but keep in mind we were a group of 9 girls in town for a bachelorette party and were probably slightly more rowdy, more hungover, drunker and more annoying than their usual clientele.  However, our server seemed up to the task and made sure she was attentive, quite funny, helpful and really good at separating checks! After reading other reviews I decided to order The Rock for the table as I knew the other girls would appreciate the presentation.  Luckily there were exactly 9 pieces of tiny meat so we each got to have a bite - if I'm ever back I'll be ordering this again and not sharing! It was really good.  The server helped me choose another appetizer (they were out of the toro tartare) and I ended up with the beef carpaccio - definitely not the usual carpaccio I order as they must have put an asian spin on it.  This was good and I would definitely get it again.   Being that it was 9 hungry girls, I didn't get to try many other dishes, but the tuna ceviche (more of a tartare in my eyes) looked great, as did some of the robata grill items.In the interest of saving money I ordered a plain salmon roll...nothing special and nothing big - probably would order off the specialty sushi rolls next time.All in all it was a good meal, made better by our server.  Yes Japonais is expensive, maybe slightly more expensive than it should be, but it's on the strip, inside a hotel in tourist central and is probably priced just right for what it is.   I have to admit that the ambiance inside is great, and if you sit in the outer lounge area you do get a great view of the robata grill at work.
4	Loved the food, service, ambiance, A fantastic evening with friends and great food.
5	100% pure excellence! Everything is amazing.  This is the best sushi I have ever had.  You must try this place, it is worth every penny.  The drinks are good, the steak is good, the sweet potato fries are to die for.  I love all the rolls here.  Delicious. I been to the one in Chicago and had to try it in Vegas.  The best sushi ever.
5	We're staying at the Mirage and decided to check out Japonais Lounge. The hosts were friendly, pretty and welcoming. They were quick to greet us and walk us over to our table. The decor was dark but very beautiful. I wasn't too happy that we pretty much got the worst table, facing to the door and the casino but The ambiance was so zen and organic that it wasn't worth complaining about. The drink menu was excellent. I had a startini from their speciality list and it was fantastic. Cheers to the bartender. We started our romantic candle light dinner with thin sliced raw steak that sizzled and cooked on a hot stone- which I thought was awesome. The sauce on the steak had alot of flavor.  However the rest of the menu was a bit different.  I can't lie, I did have a hard time looking for something that I would like. Although I enjoy trying new food, I was so hungry that I didn't wanna gamble with my choice. (Enough gambling for me anyway lol) so I had a very much boring meal. House salad and sweet and sour calamari. I was expecting to get deep friend calamari like you can get anywhere- from 5 stars in South Beach to a diner in Norwalk, CT. But it was so much more than that. The calamari was very juicy, and tender.The sauce was fantastic and the sesame seeds added a ton of flavor. ( I never thought I would raving about calamari ha ha ha) My boyfriend had the filet mignon with asparagus and mashed potatoes. It was perfect. Cooked perfect and absolutely amazing. This place is awesome. The bathrooms were clean, which is always a plus. The prices were fair to me. Maybe most people wouldn't agree but I mean you get what you pay for. Totally worth it. One of my favorite parts about this restaurant was our server, Rick. He was so polite, attentive and had a lot of knowledge as far as the menu and hospitality. I've dined in all types of places, all over the world and meeting an excellent server is harder to find than you think. Rick was great. Although I will not be staying at The Mirage again, I am most likely going to stop by Japonais for another delicious meal next time I'm in Vegas. (Which hopefully won't be for another 30 years, haha worst hangover) Totally recommend this place to everyone!!!
5	Love this place.  The food is obviously made with care, the wait staff well versed, and the atmosphere is exceptional.  I loved it when I was here three years ago and it continues to deliver.  Great place for a date or an intimate group of friends.  The duck was excellent as was the pumpkin cheesecake . Make sure you reserve a table in the back od the restaurant which is quieter and more intimate than front section of the restaurant.
5	Yelps 365 Review Challenge - Los Angeles #3 - #365After watching the Boy's II Men show at the Mirage, we wanted to have a light and elegant meal instead of the usual buffet fare. So we picked Japonais because my Dad was craving Japanese and we all agreed to have some fresh sushi. This restaurant is located right by the Mirage Atrium, Fin, and the Cravings Buffet. It's design was very hip and trendy and that's what the Mirage was transforming into from it's glory days as the most luxurious hotel ('89) to just an average joe hotel.  But anyways, we ordered the Signature Platter, good for 4 - 5 people and came with fresh fish; Tuna, Salmon, White Fish, Mackerel, Halibut, Shrimp, Squid, and Inagi. We also ordered miso soup and edamame as our appetizers. The food was terrific and didn't disappoint as well as the service being top notch. Sitting in the lounge area was just relaxing, having a flat screen TV with the game playing or laying back on the soft leather seat and admiring the Mirage Atrium. They won be as a return customer for it's hip and trendy settings and savory food and I'll be back to try more on their menu and some cocktails.
1	I ate at the Japonais in New York several years ago (it's now been closed in NY) and had a better experience than this time around in Las Vegas. Likely causes: I was taken out to dinner by a vendor in NY so I didn't have to foot the bill, and I've probably been spoiled by all the sushi restaurants in San Francisco.I came here for dinner because I couldn't find any other reservation that looked decent enough to take clients, it was in a convenient location (The Mirage), and I had previously had a good meal at their NY location.- The Rock ($18) - Everyone raved about this in the reviews, I thought it was just okay. There were 8 (I think), super thinly sliced pieces of NY Strip Steak, marinated and served with a hot rock that you could grill it on. It was good, but each little piece of steak was not worth the $2. Also, it seemed odd we would pick up each raw piece of meat with our chopsticks and then use those same pair of chopsticks to continue eating our meal - seems like food poisoning waiting to happen.- Chilean Sea Bass ($12) - This was one of the best dishes that I had here - each skewer had about 5 pieces of sea bass, and we got one skewer for each person. I liked this one - the miso was not too salty or overpowering and the fish was fresh and flaky.- Jumbo Asparagus ($5) - I ordered 3 of these for the 3 of us at the table and it was too much. We could have done with 2 orders of these. The asparagus was okay - it was a bit too burnt on the top of the asparagus and too tough at the bottom.- Braised Short Ribs ($29) - One of the better dishes of the night - the meat was flavorful and fell to pieces. The portion size was reasonable for the price.- Sashimi & Nigiri Chef's Combination ($58) - This was a rip-off. For 11 pieces, each piece of sashimi and nigiri was roughly $5.25, which is ridiculous. Quality of the fish was fine, but it wasn't the best sashimi / nigiri I've had, especially not for that price. Some of the best sashimi I've had melts in your mouth, and I wouldn't describe this as that.I also had 2 sushi rolls that were pretty unmemorable and a bit on the small side. The total for the meal was $240 for 3 people (including tip and tax) which was expensive and I wasn't impressed by the quality of the food. We didn't even order any drinks or dessert. If you're looking for better sushi, Blue Ribbon Sushi at The Cosmopolitan is much better, and you can get better meals for $80 per person. Sad to say, I won't be returning back here.
3	Good, but way too pricey
2	Came here on a Saturday night to celebrate a bachelorette party.  Food was good (but expensive), the service was HORRIBLE.We had a party of seven girls and were seated immediately with our reservation.  We each got either a miso soup ($6) or house salad ($8).  Don't get the miso- it's the smallest bowl ever!!!  The salad however was really good and fresh- the dressing was really flavorful.  We got the royal sushi sampler ($300) which had a few rolls, uni, ikura, and a selection of sashimi.  Overall, it was pretty fresh although the tako was extremely fishy.  The food itself I would rate 4/5.Now let's to get why this experience was horrible: we ordered.  we got our appetizer.  then we waited.  FOR OVER AN HOUR to get our sushi.  I was extremely annoyed with the service.  I guess the other tables all ordered sushi (big surprise since 1/2 the menu is sushi) and the sushi chefs were backed up.  At some point, the waitress did come by to tell us we still had another 20 OR 30 minutes left to wait.  We were already starving at that time.  So she went back to check and confirmed it was still going to take at least 20 minutes.  I was really annoyed that at this point they didn't offer to bring anything in the meantime.  It's not like I was looking for free food but how can you make us wait an hour in between our soup/salad and our entree.  It's also not like we were warned before ordering that it would take so long.  I did end up requesting they bring some like edamame because the wait was so long and the waitress had to 'go and ask' about it.  Eventually, 20 minutes later we were graced with edamame.  Then we had to wait like another 20 minutes to get our sushi.Like I said, the sushi was good.  But for the horrible service and the $$$, I don't think I'll be coming back.  If you have the convenience to go to eat sushi off the strip, go to Sushi House Goyemon.  It's AYCE if you want for $26 but they also have a la carte and entree items.
3	With all the good places inside the Mirage, I wasn't too sure what to expect but thought, why not give this place a try?  It looked like an Asian fusion place and, well, it was.  A lot of times, fusion doesn't work for me.  However, I enjoyed the dishes I had.  Presented nicely and they serve nice size portions.  While it was good, I just thought it was pricey.  With these prices, I kind of expected a more luxurious experience.
4	This place was delicious.  I've now been there twice, and both times I had great experiences.  The service was very good, and the food was delicious.  Our favorite thing was "the Rock", the steak was delicious.  We got one sushi roll, which was pretty good, but it was probably our least favorite thing.  Overall, I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
4	Well what can I say? This is a great place to come for some delicious Japanese food while in Vegas. The vibe was cool and the service was excellent.   We started with the lobster spring roll and it did not disappoint. Flavors were amazing and the presentation was beautiful. We had decided to go with a medley of appetizers instead of entrees so we could sample more of the offerings and I'm really glad we did. The seaweed salad was nicely crisp and refreshing. The grilled jumbo shrimp and jumbo asparagus were cooked to perfection. Definitely not to be missed. I recommend this restaurant and will be back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Went before our show. Great good, ambience & service.  Very very pricey, reviews said avg check $50..... Ummmm no unless you say per person
4	We had excellent set of small plates at bar. Wonderful scallops, marinated yellowtail, steak on a hot Ockham and sake. Service was excellent. Everything came as ordered .  Best meal we had so far in a vegas and 60 dollars per person.
4	The food and service was excellent! I highly recommend the Ahi steak - its tenderness is unmatched.There is no need to show up a few minutes early for your reservation - you will just be told directly by the hostess that you are early and that you will not be seated until the exact time of your reservation.
5	Inside the Mirage, this is an excellent choice if your looking to dine in a great atmosphere with great service! The food is impeccable! No matter what you order there is something for everyone and the staff is very friendly which makes this a great experience for all!
3	Came here twice the last two times I was in Vegas. First time here was for dinner before a Cirque du soleil show. My bf and I got seated at one of their lounge booths. It's a pretty small restaurant but I loved the decor and ambiance. Very dimly lit and romantic. Saw a lot of couples dining here. Food and cocktails were good. I had this fish entree, think it was a sea bass. Can't remember but I did snap pictures. My bf ordered an ahi tuna dish. We had some sushi rolls for appetizers. Cocktails were nicely presented. Food here was def pricey, but you do pay for the experience. Plan to spend at least 1.5-2 hrs here for dinner!
5	Good service, comfortable atmosphere for lounging, and great drinks and food. Really love that this is in the Mirage, as it would be impossible to get a table if it was at Bellagio or Venetian.
4	Our family came to Vegas for one night to celebrate Mother's Day and to see the Beatles LOVE show.  We had such a wonderful evening - our server Po was so sweet and charming she really helped make our night special.  The food was delicious as well- entrees were well prepared and portions were hearty.  The "Hot rock" was fun but its over in a flash.  I would not hesitate to return here, it really exceeded my expectations.  (The Beatles show was fantastic too!)
5	Food and service was excellent!!! I had the salmon and my GF had the duck. Both amazingly delicious. We also had the Hot Rock - you need to order this. Basically it is a super-heated rock that you use to cook thin slices of beef.The atmosphere is modern and elegant. I'm sure you can walk in with t-shirts and shorts, but why? Dress up and have a fantastic meal, in a beautifully designed restaurant.
4	I have been lucky enough to eat at Japonais three times so far in my lifetime (each time with at the Mirage location) and it is my favorite EXPENSIVE sushi restaurant (and by expensive, I mean you may lose an arm or a leg or both), but the food is soooo good that it is a nice once-per-year splurge. But again, very expensive and not big portions.Last year we ate in the casual open area and were gaily served by a beautiful young lady in a sexy kimono uniform (it was cute!). This time, us two ladies opted for the more formal dining area: quieter, darker and more private, with formally-attired servers (and steaming hot hand towels for patrons - nice!). We had a delightful older Asian lady who went out of her way to pamper and check up on us.Since Japonais is such a pricey treat once  a year, I want to splurge and order everything - so I did: The Rock appetizer (a smoldering hot rock, where you sear little slices of marinated raw beef yourself - a fun if scanty treat); lobster spring rolls with mango relish (rich, buttery, shatteringly flaky); and Chilean sea bass skewers (smoky, buttery soft and delicious). After the appetizers, we opted for splitting several rolls (and opted out of drinks for the sake of attempted frugality!), and like last time, the sushi was so good, so fresh and satisfying. We couldn't resist splitting desserts, and we tried this frothy, foamy pineapple cheesecake ramekin (not my favorite, but my friend loved it); and then some creamy, rich, dark chocolate-and-ginger torte, almost devoid of sweetness and sprinkled with cocoa powder and served with sesame seed brittle (I loved it!). Service was excellent both times. Again, Japonais is SO expensive to me, but so good.
5	This was a great experience. Perfect service. The robata is off the charts, I didn't know asparagus could taste so divine. Mochi to finish with lychee, mango, green tea and chocolate sampler. Can't wait to come back.
1	Perhaps it was an off night or the chef was absent. Had chefs sushi special, tempura and tuna cerviche. To give you an idea of the evening the tuna cerviche went into the trash half eaten. Tempura was not hot. Had to ask for a refill of tepid not iced water. For these prices I expect more.
5	Ill keep this review short and sweet, this was thee best meal my husband and I have ever had. We both agreed. Id come here once a week if I could. The best thing on menu? Everything. If i had to choose one.. the short ribs.
1	3 of the 5 steak meals were not cooked correctly and others tasted mediocre. If you are going to spend $100 per person go somewhere else!!!!!!
4	Stayed at the Mirage for a bachelorette party so decided to do our group dinner here. Nice ambiance and great service. Everyone enjoyed their food as well, albeit it was pricy, but it's Vegas so what do you expect? I ordered a spider role, which wasn't that great compared to the stuff I can get in Seattle, and the Cod entree. The latter was pretty damn amazing! I had a hunch that their sushi wouldn't impress me since I can get excellent stuff at home, so I went for the cooked fish and boy, did I make the right call! Juicy, great flavor and well-presented. Others at the table got udon, sushi, flatbread and tempura. I think I was the clear food-winner. Everyone had a great time, though.
5	The hubbie and I had the privilege of eating here through an awesome friend and I must say, this is Japanese food at its finest! We LOVE Japanese food and this place did NOT disappoint! Our waitress was really friendly and bubbly....asked us what our plans for the evening were so that they can have a time frame of when to bring our dinner out.We started off with the Lobster Egg rolls, Crispy shrimp and salmon roll and the assorted sashimi platter. That alone was wonderful...but we still had our main entree's, my hubbie had the the Le Quack Japonais, which came with mu shu wraps and a hoisin sauce and I ordered the Dry Aged ribeye, which came with okinawan sweet potato fries. Talk about food coma!OMG....all the dishes were absolutely scrumptious and I can't find anything wrong to say about this place! I would definitely return and recommend this place to all!
5	Terrific meal and prompt service. We ordered the Signature menu item which had a tremendous variety of sushi and sashimi that my family of four thoroughly enjoyed. Would recommend!
4	Before seeing Al Pacino in the Terry Fator Showroom, I came to Japonais for something different.  I had studied the menu online and knew what I was getting before I even sat down.My server came quickly and took my drink order--some iced green tea.  We then talked about appetizers that wouldn't be too large.  I didn't want to order something meant for sharing.  I asked about the ahi tuna ceviche and he said that would be good for a single diner.  I ordered that and the Le Quack Japonais for my main course.I was brought the ahi ceviche as it was excellent.  The yuzu and white soy marinade was very good!  It was a 3 ounce serving and just perfect for a starter.Then same Le Quack.  The duck was fantastic!  It came with condiments for putting on the duck in the mushu wraps.  There were four items--a mango chutney with some red pepper, Japanese cabbage shreds, green onion ends also shredded and some spicy plum sauce. I was surprised that I ate all the wraps but one with my meal.  The toppings were so good and great accompaniments to the very good duck!Next up, dessert.  I asked my server about different desserts.  I opted for the most popular one, the Kabocha cheesecake.  It's a cheesecake with a crust made from crushed almond cookies, with a layer of Japanese pumpkin cheesecake, topped by a layer of five spice  pineapple mousse.  The cheesecake is not as creamy as some we're used to because of the circular pot in which it's baked.  But, take the spoon and go down through the pineapple mousse and grab some of the pumpkin and the combination is outstanding!  A real winner.Service throughout the evening was first rate!  It turned out that my server, David, was the captain.  He was polite, helpful, and friendly!  He gave me his business card with a small gift for the next time I'm at Japonais and I got the 20% locals discount MGM Resorts is offering Nevada residents at many of their restaurants for a limited time.  This dinner was a great way to start off a super evening at the Mirage.  Al Pacino was excellent!
5	There aren't enough stars to on Yelp to rate this establishment properly. How about 100 stars? I had a salmon and shrimp roll that was the most delicious and sweetest fish I've ever had. It's all I can think about right now! I can hardly wait to go back!
4	I really enjoyed eating here, though I must say certain foods really met my expectations and some even exceeded it. I feel bad about saying this, but I really didn't like the service from my waitress. She was pregnant (not to discriminate), but she just wasn't very attentive. There wasn't very many people (two tables) and while I understand that it's not easy for her to walk and do all these things, since well, she is very pregnant, I waited and waited for her, and several times (almost all of the time), I had to ask the chef cooking in front of me for basic things like water, a set of utensils, and the check twice (before I paid and after I put my card in).That's why I docked a star. Back to the good stuff.The Robata dishes were very good.I got the Togarashi Skirt Steak- excellentSweet shrimp and Scallop- LOVED ITJumbo Asparagus- This was SOOO GOOD!!! Loved the sea salt with it.Though I really didn't like the Shitake Mushrooms very much, it was still ok. Had I known I would have just gotten two asparagus instead.As for nigiri, I got the unagi, sake and two uni. I haven't had good uni in a long time so it was about time! So worth the money!!! :)The unagi though, I remember it being slightly overcooked. Just enough so that the ends were a bit rough to eat, but overall it was very nicely seasoned with the unagi sauce.I really enjoyed going here and I'll probably go here again if I'm in town. Until next time!
5	Great food service and atmosphere. We were a large group and they were very accommodating . I would definitely recommend the food!
2	used to be great, last two times went gone downhill..Sad, as was one of my favorites.. Just so average
5	Love their sushi and reasonable prices. Definitely worth it. I recommend this place for everyone in the mood of sushi :)
5	Japanais is nice, really nice, hippy chick funky monkey nice!   I wanted to give it 4 stars, but I just couldnt do it, service was too good and the style of the place is so hip.   The people watching here is classic, single girls 2 at a time eating, and rich gambling suckers eating on comps off the mirage gaming floor, its a perfect match.  They dont talk to each other, but people watching is perfect.  The food is pretty perfect too, I say pretty perfect because its pretty well done and not amazing beautiful incredible or outstanding, but its perfect.  Get my drift?   We had the sashimi fatty tuna, sashimi salmon, spicey tuna rolls, shrimp rolls and miso soup.  Yes, bring me more@!   I love it.  The highlight for me was the fatty tuna, it was like fish and butter mixed, so sublime.    The bar is a great place to sit too, ncaa games on two tvs, and great drinks on top of it all.   The bartender is betting every game so he knows the lines and etc.    The staff service is stellar, I would give the food 4.6 and the service a 6.0, average 5.0, add in the "scenery", 5 all day long.  5 star stuff, get some raw fish!  Highly recommended.
4	Sunday night dinner to close out the weekend.  I have had many drinks here over the years.  This is the first time I have tried the food.  Everything was very good, very fresh and flavorful. The special roll was spicy tuna - very good.
2	The service was wonderful. Sadly, the food did not live up to its potential. Flavors, textures, and balance--crucial in Japanese cuisine--were all off. We tried a variety of dishes and almost all were disappointing... Just a wee bit off. We tried robota: asparagus, shiitake mushrooms, sea bass, and beef. All woefully under-seasoned. The sea bass was the best of the lot, with a good taste and texture. The asparagus was overcooked. We tried a salad that sounded amazing: tuna, mango, crispy Brussels sprouts, onions, sweet & sour vinaigrette... and it just didn't work. We tried a roll. Pungent, slightly old sushi. Ick.  Our waitress was crushed that we didn't love the food, and she did her best to try to find things we'd like, but alas, this dinner just was not a winner.
1	Party of 6 on a Tuesday night.  Not exactly busy.  It started off nice, but the overall experience was a disappointment.   The kitchen was slow and the service substandard.   (except the wine guy, he was trying)  Everyone's meal arrived at a different time so we could each eat alone while the other 5 waited and watched.  Ordered at the same time, but 1.5 hrs between first and last meal. The food, once it finally did arrive, was good, but not remarkable and certainly not worth waiting for.  There are better choices in LV.  Japonais is an overpriced joke.
5	We had a group of 6 and had a blast. The Rock and lobster were excellent. All the deserts where great.
5	Amazing food. I took my two young girls and both loved it as well. The scallop skewers are to die for...  Service, food and even dessert all blew away expectations.  Well done!  Amazing flavors. Order the small stuff and try everything.
3	Great presentation........ mediocre taste. Like kissing a hot date and discovering she has zits (that pop) on her tongue. Honestly, one of the best restaurant designs and atmosphere you'll find in a fully indoor restaurant. You'll discover design follows to food presentation. Everything looks amazing. But that's where the substance ends. Then it's downhill.Traditional and creative sushi rolls are decent, but the fusion appetizers and main courses are as impressive as a Prius at a drag race. "The Rock", which is thin-sliced marinated beef you cook yourself on a hot rock, gets praises for novelty for first-timers. But it tastes like chorizo. "Le Quack" also celebrates gorgeous presentation appeal, but fails as the duck is tough, and mixes poorly with the choice of hoisin sauce and spicy mango chutney. The "salmon japonais" lay in a sea of white puss- but it was beautiful puss.Server hospitality is fantastic, as is expected in high end establishments in Vegas, which is one of the few things that kept the dining experience bearable. So if you're here to impress a shallow date with an inexperienced palate, then this place is interesting. They'll be mesmerized by the decor and look of everything. For those with taste, pass.So why 3-stars instead of 2? The dessert is amazing. I highly recommend the dessert sampler. We devoured it. Now, if they could somehow replicate their dessert-making prowess in the main menu.....
4	Stumbled upon this place on new year's eve. We originally made a reservation for Stacks next door but somehow the hostess messed up the reservation so we ended up here. Best mistake ever!They had NYE combo which consisted of an appetizer, main course and desert for 110/person. The appetizer choices were Miso soup with Clams or Scallop "ravioli". The main course was Wagyu steak! SO AMAZING! and the dessert had both red bean ice cream and green tea creme brulee. Everything was so amazing! The wagyu was so tender and delicious. The creme brulee wasn't too sweet like most places. I had an amazing nye dinner here. We also ordered The Rock which has thinly sliced raw steak that you cook by placing it on the hot rock. YUM! Our waitress Dana was also amazing and super sweet! Came to check up on us just the right amount of times and made good recommendations.The only reason I took off 1 star was the wait between each course. We probably waited like 10-15 min between each course..another reason was that towards the end, the rock wasn't hot enough to cook the sliced steak. But overall it was an wonderful experience and I would be going back to this super trendy and yummy restaurant!
