5	Admittedly, I didn't have time to shop around and when my insurance provider informed me their preferred shops guarantee their work for as long as you own the vehicle, I figured it was worth a shot to go with their recommendation.  At first glance, Gerber makes a good impression with well-kept grounds, a clean and modestly furnished lobby, and accessible staff in pressed uniforms. A coffee pot brews in the waiting area for guests and bottled water is available upon request. My adjuster conveniently worked out of this shop and I was in and out for my estimate in about 3o minutes. I appreciate the relationship Gerber has established with a variety of insurers to bring ease to an already frustrating experience.I was told the parts for my vehicle would be ordered ahead of time and I could bring my SUV back when they arrived to avoid unnecessary downtime. I do not carry rental car insurance, but Gerber stepped up to the plate and paid up to $20/day for a rental with Enterprise, whom they also have an established relationship. On the day I brought my vehicle in for an expected 5-7 day repair, Enterprise met me at the shop and drove me to their lot to pick-up a car.  4 days later, my car was ready. A slight shimmy in the wheel brought me back to the shop.  Gerber picked up the tab for another rental so I wouldn't be car-less for the few hours it took them to correct the issue. I primarily dealt with Brian Hinton, who followed up with a phone call the next day to make sure all was well. Awesome customer service, fair pricing, fast turnaround, and professional from start to finish. This place knows how to earn and retain customers, including this one.
5	So I finally took the plunge to change my insurance to AZ, so I decided I might as well take advantage of paying more by getting the mysterious scratch that ran along the entire driver's side of my car fixed.  I've had this exact same problem before (which makes me wonder if someone is after me), so I knew the protocol: call Geico, find a repair shop that's Geico-affiliated, get a rental.  My last experience dealing with this scratch business was really easy, and this time was no different.I'm not sure how Geico decides what repair shops to work with, but the checklist must go something like this: -Friendly employees - check.-Clean facilities - check.-Geico Adjuster on location to explain everything to you in layman's terms honestly - check.-Enterprise Rent-A-Car on location with a car ready and waiting - check.-Cute boys working at Enterprise - check.-Fastest turn-around time ever - check.-Great communication skills with phone calls and updates - check.-Free bottles of water - check.-Can provide a painless experience to the customer - check.Not to mention, when I got there, the adjuster looked over my car and thought I could get away with just getting it buffed so I wouldn't have to pay.  Even though that wasn't the case, it was nice that he tried to save me from paying my deductible.  So, long story short, if you need some repair work done on your vehicle, Gerber is the place to go.  They treat your car like a baby.  Perhaps that is why it is called Gerber.  Hm...
4	I was referred to Gerber Collision & Glass by Geico. I was driving to work on the 60 during a windy day, and a large piece of foamboard flew up and knocked off my driver's side-view mirror. Gerber replaced the mirror, with matching paint-color and car-model within one day. They were great and would do business with them again.
5	First...I wouldn't be taking the time to come and do this if I didn't have something of substance to say...I am not one typically to fill out surveys or go to Yelp! or make comments unless I really have a complaint or unless something was really superb!My entire experience with Gerber was beyond superb.  Jennifer works the front desk and has a beautiful smile and warm, inviting personality...she offered water and greeted me so courteously.  Brian Hinton was extremely professional.  He came out...again...a very friendly individual who obviously cares about their customer's experience.  He explained everything that was going to happen with my "wounded car" and that he would call me with updates... AND HE DID...he did exactly what he said he would do.  And they got it done ahead of schedule...when I picked the car up, he had it out front, it was washed and shiny.  He showed me the work they did and even explained to a limited extent, how they did the work.  I really appreciated that personal touch.This shop was referred by Geico...my new insurance provider.  I might add, my dealings with Geico were just phenomenal.  They were equally responsive and proactive throughout all of this.  I gotta' tell you, it is so refreshing in this day and age to find service providers that are so "on top" of their game and demonstrate consistent, sincere care for their customers and the quality of work output.
5	I was in an accident a few months back and USAA referred me to Gerber Collision, they had my car in and out, and painted perfectly. They replaced the rear bumper and passenger fender. The job was great and they patched my tire up for free! They were very nice and professional. They even gave me a ride to Enterprise Car Rental just as an added bonus. I will go to Gerber every time I need body work done. Hands down.
5	I didn't want to be in a car accident, but these guys made it easy!  They did exactly what they said they would do, and these days, that seems to be a rarity.  My advisor (Brian) was great about keeping me updated throughout the repair cycle and made sure the car was delivered on time and correct.  They even dropped the car off at my house and returned my rental car for me.  While I hope I don't need repair work again anytime soon, if I do, this is where I'll be going.
3	Front desk lady very nice, knew my name as I walked on. That's some good customer service. Inside is clean, coffee, very professional looking.
5	I am so happy with my bumper repair, not only does it look like it hasn't even been touched up, even though my whole bumper was cave then from an accident, their customer service was amazing they cleaned my car after they were done, and not only did they clean my car but they fixed my visor which was completely broken and annoying hanging in my face, I didn't even know they fixed it until a day later. the guys there also help me to get my car seats out of the car because they were in there so tight I couldn't release them! So I absolutely recommend Gerber
5	I was beyond impressed with Gerber Collision & Glass. I went there because it was a preferred vendor through my insurance. I dropped my car off Friday morning and was fixed by Tuesday morning. They replaced my door handle and break light with no cost to me. Most places would not have done that. I definitely would recommend them to anyone I know needing collision or glass repair. Thank you!
5	I had a small problem with a repair from 2 years earlier.  At that time, they had stated the repair would be covered for life.  Rarely do you find a company actually stand behind a statement like that.  I was prepared for a fight.  I spoke with Jim Jorgensen who took one look and said he would take care of it and make it right.  Wow!  Beyond impressed with their professionalism and follow-through.  It's one thing to get it done right the first time, but to provide this level of customer service two years later is impressive.  Highly recommended.
