5	OK, I may just have hit the ultimate form of lazy, but I had to check out this new drive-thru grocery store.  The experience was a bit strange, but you just drive up, one of the staffers greets you and you list off what you need.  They gather it up, give you the total, you pay.. and you are on your way without having to step out of the car!They just opened in March, but I swear the building popped up out of nowhere.  I was very used to seeing the expansive parking lot for Movies @ Crownpoint so empty, but now it's nice to see a nice, barn-like structure with bright lights in the middle of it.  Since it just opened, there wasn't a line, so I was able to drive right up and get my groceries.Now, this is just a grocery drive-thru geared toward the "main" grocery items, eggs, milk, bread, etc... Nothing too complicated or fussy.  I did notice they do have some prepared meals/hot food to order when I came through.  I will have to try some the next time I pass through.  They do carry a lot of Swiss Farm products (all natural, no preservative items).. I picked up a half gallon of their Iced Tea Cooler... pretty good stuff.  It's not sweet tea... reminds me of a Neatea type flavor and not too too sweet.  Next time I will try some of their brand ice cream.
3	Hit and miss so far.DinnerWhole roasted chicken ($8) Warm, Cooked just right, not too much not too little, moist and nicely spiced. It still tasted good eaten cold right out of the fridge the next day -  4 starsSide items ($5 EACH!!) Baked beans tasted ok but they had been heated until they dried out and congealed, then refrigerated to wait the rest of the day out. Same with the roasted potatoes plus they didn't taste good, too much spices. - 1 starBreakfast :bacon and egg sandwich. Bacon flavor was good with rubber eggs typical of fast food and American airlines- not awful, not great either -2 starsLunch:Chicken salad sandwich. The chicken salad is made from freshly carved chicken, very tasty and the French bread is ok. - 4 star.Service was excellent breakfast and dinner but way too slow at lunch - the car behind me gave up waiting and left. A work in progress I guess. Also they need to get realistic about pricing the side dishes. I can't give it five stars because unlike the previous reviewer I didn't try the Ice tea. really
4	I had seen Swiss Farms pop up a few times on Yelp when performing various searches and wondered about the concept. Finally, this past weekend, I was driving on Monroe, and noticed the little drive-up grocery close to the intersection of Monroe and Sardis. Such a quaint little place with two sides to drive up to. I was so intrigued and a little baffled by the size. When I had read that it was a "grocery" store, I had a completely different image in my mind. They carry all of the wine and beer that you'll need. Cold drinks, chips, other snack accoutrement, and vittles aplenty. More of a drive-up convenience store with a bit more stock. Despite the mismatch in expectation, I was thrilled by the experience. There we sat in the car and the ever so friendly employee came out and asked us what we'd like. She gave us the whole spiel about how they had breakfast, lunch and dinner. We ended up with a rotisserie chicken and two sides. For the price, it was a rather forgettable meal. The chicken was pretty dry and lacked the Italian flavor it claimed to have. The collards were pretty bland and needed some serious love and the mac n' cheese was pretty standard. All for around $19 with two drinks. Though the food wasn't stellar, I think Swiss Farms is great for afterthought groceries. You may forget a few things at HT and on the way home need a bottle of wine for the dinner you're attending. A nice little joint. Only location in Charlotte, though. We'll be back if on that side of town!
5	A drive thru grocery store?  Why hasn't this caught on?  The other morning I was heading into the office and forgot to grab the orange juice for the mimosa's (yeah, it was that kind of day).  I could have gone to Walmart, Food Lion or Harris Teeter but decided instead to try Swiss Farms.  After all, I wouldn't have to get out of the car and I was really into whatever I was listening too.  They have 2 lanes for you to order from and I recommend #2 as its on the drivers side.  A grocery technician (I don't know really) brings out a menu of things you can order from.  Aside from the normal staples that are available, they also have breakfast sandwiches, baked goods, and to-go dinners like a Rotisserie chicken for the ride home.  I ordered the O.J., a muffin, banana, and a breakfast sandwich.  Everything was really good and I really like the convenience factor.  I definitely recommend taking a spin through Swiss Farms the next time you need something that is in the back of the store at Harris Teeter.
3	CLOSED DOWNnot surprised considering it was at the same intersection with both Harris Tweeter and Food Lion.Also shows how useful five star reviews based on a one time $2 purchase (water, sweet tea etc) are . Pfouie
