1	Loyal customer there. They did a fantastic job every time. Until this last time! They lost my order and said they are not responsible for lost items. No credit. No sorry! NO NOTHING!!! You would think they would value a customer that regularly brings in 20 plus items a little more than that! DO NOT GO THERE! Well, I guess you could go there to drop off old clothes you want to give away. They would make a freaking awesome Goodwill drop!
1	I've used this cleaners for several years.  They did an "okay" job, and I appreciated the drive-through, as I have small children.  But when I went to pick up my pants, they'd lost them.  They won't pay replacement value, because the pants weren't new?   Seriously?!?!  How does a customer replace what they've lost?  Nightmare customer service, all driven by a nasty owner.  I'm with Paul C -- better Goodwill, than dry cleaners.
3	Since I am always trying to find the perfect Dry cleaners, I thought I would give them a try. Now after reading the other reviews I would not have.But, I took 2 pairs of pants there.I picked them up yeasterday. They seem just fine.So I can't say I did not like the job they did.However, the place is a bit strange looking ,very depressing actually.The girls working were nice enough,and they even have a drive thru.They recycle the hangers which is also a good thing.But, after reading this collection of stories from others I think I will try somewhere else next time.
4	I am very picky about my clothes and who is to clean them. My tailor recommended these cleaners so I said I would give them a shot. After reading yelp reviews I get skeptical when one give too high or too low of stars, so I tried them out. Honestly I'm impressed it was very fairly priced and my clothes look as they were brand new off the rack! My winter wool jacket is like new. I will visit again very soon! Thank you for that great surprise! Not all you read on here is fair, guess I had to see for myself.
5	Got my dress dry cleaned here. It had a stain on it for over five years (thanks to my cousin -__-) I sent it in & asked if they could remove the stain, they said they would make a note of it & attempt to remove it. I was pleasantly surprised that the stain was gone & not only that the dress looked better than when I bought it for SUCH a small price!
1	Have been a regular customer at this cleaner for more than a decade, but today that ends. I liked them for their good prices, quality cleaning, and the fact they would replace buttons for free. I brought in 10 shirts two days ago, and one of them needed a button replaced (their machines will occasionally remove a button). I stopped in to pick up the shirts yesterday, but they hadn't done the button, so I picked up 9 shirts, and was told they'd have the button replaced for today. So I arrive after 4 pm today, and no button, wasn't done, they'd have it done tomorrow -- thus three visits to this cleaner through busy traffic. Told them to give me the shirt and they'd lost a 10-year customer.
