4	Rudino's is similar to a fast food restaurant, except that you order at the register and they bring the food to your table. Average price is $6-$8 for a grinder of calzone. The girl who took our order was incredibly friendly. Our food was brought within 8 minutes and I was impressed with the taste of my Turkey Reuben Grinder. The calzones were also quite tasty, and massive. Good place for lunch or casual dinner.
3	I've been to Rudino's a couple times with coworkers.  It's a pretty solid lunch joint: the centerpiece is the pizza buffet, although both times I've gone, I've ordered salads.  Their salads are atypically good for an establishment like this: there's actually more to them than iceberg lettuce and ranch.  However, I am only giving Rudino's two stars because they are pricey (which, admittedly, is fairly typical for that part of town) and the service is on the slow side.
3	Great place to grab lunch.  The pizza (like most pizza joints in the QC) is ok, but their sandwiches are top notch and enormous.  The all you can eat pizza buffet is a nice touch for lunch but a little pricey.  Definitely worth a visit.
2	I have to knock a star off my previous review after my latest visit.  We went during the typical lunch hour of 12:00-1:00, and the place just did not have it together.  I ordered a salad, paid for it, and then was told they were out of lettuce.  I then switched to the pizza buffet.  There was one pizza out for the entire restaurant, and we were told it would be fifteen minutes before more were provided.  It just seems odd that a restaurant that caters primarily to people on their lunch breaks would be so unprepared for lunch.
1	The food is not good at all.  I had a groupon for a family dinner.  I chose the creamy chicken.  Horrible- my son and his friends wouldn't eat it.
1	This pizza joint offers a lunch buffet which I TRIED to have last week. I stopped in at 12:15 or so. No buffet. I asked the person working at the front about it and she said they were running behind and would have it out soon. So i sat down to wait a bit. After 10-15 minutes it was clear no buffet soon. So i went a few doors down to Bobbie O's BBQ and had their as usual great pulled pork sandwich. I had to walk past this place on the way back to my car 20 minutes later. Looked in the window. Still no buffet. So if I could, i would give no stars because i was unable to even try it.  Judge for yourself.
1	Went back and tried again.  MISTAKE.What they call a buffet is a joke.  Two half eaten pizzas and about 3 pieces of garlic bread.  The pizza was hot and very cheesey which s good, but otherwise nothing worth mentioning.  Also, for an all you can eat buffet, you're going to draw eat in customers.  Very little seating in there.  But the place is very small and I don't know how they would fit any more tables in there.  Kind of a mismatch of menu and space really.  Plenty of better lunch spots in the area.  I won't be back.  Go two doors down to Bobee O's and have some BBQ.BTW-The photo shown with this listing is not from this location.
