4	This place reminds me of the cheap blue-collar joints in Hong Kong. The tasteless decor, the crappy tables, and the stacks of condensed milk on the counter that are used to make milk tea, all give me a sense of nostalgia as I harken back to my time in HK. Don't expect great ambiance or western style service, because if you do, you are totally missing the point.They serve a lot of HK diner classics like tomato pork chop bake, Portuguese chicken rice, and beef brisket lo mein. And of course you need the obligatory ovaltine, horlicks and milk tea in a restaurant like this.I tried their beef brisket and tendon noodles. The soup had body, and the brisket and tendon were well braised and tender. No complaints. I also tried their Portuguese chicken and it was what I expected: thick, starch-laden, nuclear-yellow sauce and chicken on top of rice. It was great. Both times I've been there I always accompanied my meal with their milk tea. It's quite hard to find proper Hong Kong style milk tea (all the places in the University Plaza try to imitate it and fail) but I think these guys totallly hit the spot.Overall, I'm glad I found this small piece of home in Waterloo.
4	Out of all the chinese restaurants this place is the most authentic one. For the price they give you so much that it stuffs you up or you can barely finish it, which si perfect for a university student. The only thing that is inconvenient is that they only accept cash.
3	Weekday dinner, party of 2Went in for an early dinner and ordered Tomato Pork Chop on Rice and my friend ordered a Portuguese Style Chicken on Rice. The food was made very quickly as soon as we ordered.The food was not baked, as would normally be expected from an HK-style western food eatery. The portion sizes are generous with lots of meat, though it is pricey for a single meal. I wasn't a big fan of the tomato sauce on the pork chop.
3	Out of the many Chinese restaurants in Waterloo, Jia Jia Lok  (JJL) is one of the few that does not specialize in Northern or Szechuan Chinese cuisine. Being a regular there for my four years in Waterloo, you do not go to JJL for the ambience or the service. You go here to get a good, simple and hearty meal at an affordable student friendly price. An added bonus for those of you who understand Cantonese is listening to the banter between the husband and wife duo of the establishment. The food is exactly what you would find at the Hong Kong equivalent of a greasy spoon: Baked Pork Chop with Tomato Sauce on Rice, Satay Beef on Rice, Spicy Eggplant and Minced Pork on Rice & Fried Chicken Noodle soup. Portions are pretty good for it size and is pretty filling. Lunch specials are offered Monday to Friday with set dishes and comes with a soupNote: Cash Only (BMO, RBC, Scotiabank ATM are at King and University). Closed Saturdays.
4	Ever since I came to Waterloo, I've been trying to find good Chinese food. Now, Chen's at the Waterloo plaza is pretty good, but it doesn't give me the authentic feeling when I eat it. After some research, I heard about Jia Jia Lok, and decided to try it.Going in for the first time, the place seemed small and not too appealing. However, when I sat down, and looked at the menu, I was surprised by the selection they had. They had a lot of HK style food not found at other places. I ordered the satay chicken rice which was very good. The chicken was tender and delicious. I've also tried the congee which they give you a large bowl. I've yet to try the milk tea, but will do so on my next visit.Overall, good food at a good price.
5	As a Chinese, I love this place and just wanna correct the hours. They open Mon-Fri, 11:00am-10:00pm, Sat closed, Sun 11:30am-10:00pm
