3	It's been a while since I've had my eyes checked, and even when I did, it was probably either to get my drivers license or just to look in a little machine and tell them what I saw.  I don't know if I've ever had a full-blown eye exam.  That's no longer the case.Since Denise has been jumping through hoops to have her eyes checked, it meant I needed to have mine done too, so I signed up so that they could see what's happening.The Christenbury Eye Center is very professional, and they have quite the setup - you check in, and they shuffle you from room to room, where they (presumably) do all sorts of things to determine if your eyes are working or not.  Maybe they just pretend.  I don't really know.They seem to know what they are talking about, and they have lots of famous people on the walls who say they know what they are doing, so that must make them experts, right?You can also get laser eye surgery here, but after giving me drops to dilate my eyes (which screwed up my eyesight for the better part of the day - go figure), they told me that my eyes were just fine.  Hopefully I don't have to go back for a while.
3	I know I said that they were professional and all, but the other day we received a bill for what the insurance wouldn't pay.  It came in a decent envelope, but then we opened it.Plain sheet of paper with printing.  No tear-off portion, no return envelope (not to mention return postage - I wouldn't expect that from anyone).  Just a sheet, badly folded, printed out on a cheap printer.So much for professional.  I guess that only extends to examinations - and presumably procedures.  Definitely not to the billing department.  We get a lot of medical bills since we started buying our own insurance, and this is definitely the cheapest of the bunch.I get that it's only a few cents for an envelope and all - but it can't cost them much more to have some reasonably pre-printed invoices with tear-off return portions, much less a return envelope.  It would just make for a nicer experience, you know?
5	I was (almost) blind, but now I can see!Okay - terrible, I know - but it's true. Since having my lasik surgery done at Christenbury in 2006, I have had zero problems with my eyes and am constantly telling people it was the best money ever spent! Here's how it went down.... I moved to Charlotte in 2005 and begin to consistently hear ads for Christenbury on the radio during my commute. Upon learning that the consult is free, I made my appointment and headed in after sporting my old school glasses for a month (you have to leave your contacts out that long to ensure the shape of your eye goes back to normal - who knew contacts can change the shape of your eye? Not me, said the flea). The consult was extremely thorough (and I mean VERY thorough); took approximately two-and-a-half hours. They then quoted me a price, which I felt was reasonable for the type of surgery I was getting - no way am I bargain hunting when the end game could leave me blind. I booked my appointment for the first availability, which was about 5 weeks out, and I was on my way to a contact-free existence. Upon arriving for my surgery with my trusty boyfriend in the dual role of support/chauffer, I started getting nervous. They did a round of tests again to ensure all was well, and then it was time. First I went into the "eye-cutting" room where they slice your eye with a laser (commence laser-beam jokes here). My boyfriend was there with me and set his hand on my leg - the doctor said he couldn't do that because if I moved even a millimeter the surgery would be off. Now that statement made me nervous real quick; in all actuality with the drops they put in your eyes, I didn't feel a thing and it took less than two minutes. I then got up (with visions of my eye flapping open in my head) and walked to the room where Dr. Christenbury would be doing the surgery. This would be my first (and last) meeting with the infamous Dr. Christenbury, and it lasted less than a minute. He told me to "stare at the red light" a few times and that was it. They put bug-eye looking plastic things on my eyes and told me to go home and sleep until the next day, when I would come in and have my eyes tested to clear me for driving. After sleeping through the night, I awoke the next morning and reached for my glasses, only to discover I could already see. Hallelujah! I was so darn excited I couldn't stand it - instant results! I passed the vision test with flying colors and left a very happy camper. I highly recommend this clinic for lasik as well as regular eye exams. Some people I spoke to mentioned feeling like cattle being shuffled through, but let's be honest - I want to go to the guy who has done a million or so of these things with great results. Not too worried about his bedside manner since I was only with him for around one minute. And all the docs I've seen have been competent and very friendly. Lasik at Christenbury was worth every penny, and I continue to have a wonderful experience with my yearly eye exams.
5	After over twenty years of appalling near-sightedness and major astigmatism, I finally sucked it up and called up Christenbury. I am thrilled. Seven years later, and I still have perfect 20/20 vision, with no halos, bursts, dryness, or other difficulties. Even during my healing process, I experienced very little discomfort - I had to set a timer on my watch to remind me to use my drops, my recovery was so rapid!The procedure itself was easy and painless - though, let's face it, a little nerve-wracking.
5	Christenbury is the premier place to go for Lasik in Charlotte. Not that many people are return customers for Lasik, but you get the idea. Free consultation? Uh, yes please. That's marketing well spent, in my opinion. The staff was so conscientious of every details. Phone calls to confirm, very helpful with what I needed to bring, directions, etc. Once in for my consultation, the staff was so helpful and kind. Very fun and receptive of my corny and semi-smart alec  humor. I didn't even sit down! They took me right back to one of the examination rooms. All was done fast, and easy. They communicated well, told me what to expect, what the machines were, what they were measuring. Very informative and quite interesting. I ended up being rather interested in my own eyes. Odd, I know....Once I was in for my surgery, it seemed like a lightning flash and I was done. Checked in, walked back, took the medicine I was instructed to take, put on a small apron over my clothes and then entered into the operating room. It seemed like I was on one table for 5 minutes, then another and DONE. I could immediate see better after rising from the last table. It made me feel like I was in the presence of a magician. Blown away by the speed and word that had been done. Christenbury really cares about their patients. I received several calls after my surgery and was checked up on by the staff. Great people. They coached me through everything I was supposed to do to recover. They made it foolproof. If you're looking for eye surgery, Lasik or just an eye exam, Christenbury is the place to go. Money well spent and worth the advice, care and direction from all of the caring staff. Two thumbs up, everyone!
4	When you go in for your free consultation, you better have no problems sitting and standing. It's been several months, but i sat in like 9 different seats during that initial visit. Waiting room, initial eye check, measurement, several other measurements, exam room, payment planning room. Not saying it was bad, i just found it amusing. If you're a candidate for Lasik, there is no asking if you'd be interested or go home and think about it. They immediately schedule you and get the deposit. I left thinking, did i really just make that decision?  So good sales technique on their part. In the end i'm happy i did.Unlike Bejamin G, i did not receive any follow up calls, but the staff was friendly and pretty on top of everything. Dr. Christenbury is very encouraging throughout the procedure and afterwards. One reason they are not 5 stars was i ended up sitting in a room for at least 40 minutes for the doc to come in for 30 seconds and tell me everything looked good. My only other gripe was they shrugged off the idea that my insurance would help at all saying with the $1000 off deal (which seems to be constantly offered) it comes out cheaper. Overall, i'm satisfied with my no longer having to wear contacts. So far, it's been about a month after my Lasik and i can see clearly now, a little dryness still when i wake up, but a rewetting drop and i'm good to go. Just went in for the one month follow up and i'm seeing at least 20/20. When i first went in, they had a thing If you like them on Facebook and show them, you get a Starbucks gift card. i'm usually so stingy with my likes...i feel cheap.
2	So to begin with, I have lame insurance that isn't accepted at a lot of places. So I see on the list that Christenbury is and make a call to set-up an appointment. Well, after listening to some hold music I speak to the receptionist and find out they don't do contact fittings. Really???? This seems pretty common to me...so basically unless I want my eye sliced open with a laser, you can't help me? Meh.
4	Giving this review even tho I havent had any major surgery - yet.  I have been here twice for consultations...trying to work up my nerve to get the surgery.  I have been seeing Dr Mathys who specializes in the more difficult eye correction surgeries.  Every time I go everyone is so sweet.  Staff members jump in to help when others are running behind.The location is very easy to get to and there is a huge parking lot so you never have to worry about parking.  The waiting area is HUGE and cozy.  They have never had me wait more than a few minutes before taking me back.They put you through a dozen or so painless tests and tell you what surgery you would do well with. The costs are very high but from what I hear - these guys are the best.  They have financing if you can't afford the lump sum payment.  Everyone is very nice and will help you every step of the way.So hopefully I will work up the nerve to get the surgery soon....I am a scaredy-cat when it comes to these type of things.  But I think the reward is well worth it.  Thanks guys!
5	I was a "tough case" due to my sight, so said my Optometrist before referring me for corrective surgery.  I was in my mid 40's and it was 2004.  I still have 20/20 vision but now have presbyopia, or old people's eyes.  I must endorse Christenbury for professionalism, truth in discussing the realities for my outcome, and for the care I received.  I did have to go back to be adjusted after the original surgery but rather that than living with an over correction that could not be fixed.  His office really shines for his staff.  I moved to California and now face cataract surgery where exact records are needed from my previous surgery by Christenbury.  Here it is 9 years later and my records are immediately available to my eye doctor. Thanks Melissa for your help!
1	I was surprised to find an elective surgery consultation so poorly executed. After arriving on time, it was a 50 minute wait before I was seen (I told the front desk I was leaving and only then was I seen). The technician who ran through the tests was nice but when it was complete I was placed in a dimly lit room where I waited another 40 minutes before the doctor arrived to review my results (I was literally moments away from leaving again without the review when he arrived). The doctor was knowledgeable and the consultation was informative. Upon leaving the consultation I went to a financial coordinator. She was pleasant but I was surprised the price was so high given that I learned the surgery takes about 1 minute to complete and it was entirely automated. That left me wondering why I simply wouldn't find the cheapest facility who had the same technology. The building, decor and equipment felt dated.. Maybe from the mid 1990s. The newspaper accolades and patient letters on the dimly lit consulting room was from the mid 2000s. This seemed like an outdated corrective eye surgery factory with premium pricing and a poorly executed customer experience. To have the right value offering they  would need to cut their prices in half or do an overhaul of their patient experience. It should be a premium, red carpet experience at their current prices.
