5	Wow, charcuterie and craft beer - my absolutely favourite combination.  Add that it's pretty much on my doorstep and you have the perfect storm of brilliance.  Friendly staff, nice layout.  This new bar - taking over the space once occupied by Cafe Fish - moves straight to the top of the Leith bar charts for me, and possibly the Edinburgh bar chart, certainly competes favourably with the Hanging Bat, Holyrood 9A, Brewdog etc.  A final benefit is being right next door to the Scotch Malt Whisky Society at the Vaults.
4	A great new place in Leith - lots of beers, and fantastic food, including lots of charcuterie platter options.  It's not really somewhere I'd just go for a beer, it's pretty much set up for eating, but it's great for an evening with friends.
5	I don't venture to Leith very often but this is one of my best recent finds.  Recently opened where Cafe Fish used to be, The Vintage is not just any bar.  Not only they offer a fine range range of craft beers, but they also offer a range of pretty amazing charcuteries. I mean OMG!  Definitely worth going all the way across town!
5	Charcuterie is a godsend.. and when you're serving it up, it's pretty much impossible to mess up. I love that, because you can always expect it to be consistently good!!!Yesterday my friend and I went to the vintage and REALLY enjoyed the charcuterie options - they have some great stuff! Expect to find options like rabbit, mutton, venison, pig cheeks, etc. Definitely worth trying out even as an appetizer before heading someplace else. Its refreshing to see a restaurant open up that focuses on something that isn't offered in the rest of Edinburgh. Definitely worth a try if you like your cured meats!
4	I'd been meaning to try The Vintage since it opened up a couple of months ago - but my boyfriend was less keen as the name screams hipster. However after a walk in the sun on Saturday evening we ended up stopping by for a drink. The interior is rather lovely, and the staff are smartly dressed but without there being any air of pretention.  Now admittedly most of the clientele were twenty years older than us, so we did feel a little out of place, but generally it was very nice. The drinks list is immense, so many beers! I had their guest cider, and my boyfriend had a Kraken rum, one of his favourites and surprisingly very reasonably priced, followed by a delicious porter recommended by the barman. We'd have liked to have stayed and tried some of the famous charcuterie but the place was packed - standing room only at the bar if you hadn't reserved a table. It's a shame, but I think we'll be back - possibly with parents in tow so we don't feel quite so young!
5	Now becoming a firm favourite of mine, I would go here for the spreadable chorizo alone! The Vintage serves up a delectable charcuterie spread for meat lovers (do note Veggies, that the artichokes are highly tasty too) a dizzying array of craft beers in 2/3 pints and a healthy selection of wines by the glass.Their sunday roasts are delish and the brunch options make my mouth water.  The staff are supremely efficient folk, with smiles for everyone and its a joint where children & dogs are most welcome.My friends and I love it here because it has a lovely relaxed but upbeat vibe and its great for after-work drinks on a Friday (but be warned, its always packed).You will not be disappointed. Go now!
3	Another bar serving nothing larger than two thirds of a pint on draught. Still not a fan of that option myself but there are a good number of taps & options.Service-wise certainly no complaints. Reserving further judgement for when I get round to trying their food.
4	I was here for a friends birthday (about 12 people) and the place was very busy. Somehow that didn't seem to detract from the decent service we received and the quality of the charcuterie and bites they serve. All-in-all I liked the atmosphere here, the staff were very pleasant, friendly and accommodating and the food was definitely on the edge of quirky and very tasty! I have to recommend the spreadable Chorizo...lush. The bread was a wee bit weird for me (had a ginger element to it) but my other half loved it. They've hit the nail on the head with their wine selection. Very good. I didn't have the chance to try their beers but if as much thought went into that selection as everything else I doubt I would have any qualms. Top Notch guys.
4	I've never had charcuterie before so heading to The Vintage for Robyn Zs birthday was a great opportunity to try it for the first time. It was a little difficult to find the place the first time we came here. The not so helpful comment that it was 'across from Sofi's had us looking in the wrong place. It's actually a bit further up the road from Sofi's with a very understated building. (Though it does have a revolving door which is pretty cool.) Inside is very light and has a nice blend of light woods and burnished metals for the decor.The charcuterie allows you to choose a bunch of really yummy sounding smaller dishes that you can have together with bread. Really only wanting something light I plumped for the humus of the day (which was lemon and cummin and it was YUMMY), some olives, hot-smoked salmon and some pastrami. It was all served with bread to accompany which made it a nice portion size. The food itself was delicious and all complimented each other fantastically. A draw back to dining here is that is is on the pricey side, especially the drinks. Being the designated driver that night it didn't hit me so hard but others commented on how expensive it was.Great place to come for food with a few drinks, not great if you just want the drinks...
4	planning myself a wee belated birthday celebration i knew there was one place i wanted to go, The Vintage.  still only recently opened i hadn't managed to find a reason to go yet which was rather sad, but quickly fixed with my visit this past saturday night.i already had a pretty good feeling about this place after phoning to book a table on the monday.  when i said my booking was for 16 people they were immediately happy to accomodate the large party.  in fact i got a phone call on saturday afternoon from Duncan to ask me if we were all coming for a meal or mostly drinks.  he explained that there was only one table they could fit us at, but it might be a bit of a squeeze if we were all planning to eat at the same time.  i explained that wasn't likely the case and people would likely be arriving at different times.  he was happy with this and said that if we wanted he could also try to reserve a small table next to the large one in case we needed extra space.  A+ customer service before i even walked in the door!!a small group of us arrived just after 7pm and were shown to the table.  Duncan also very kindly introduced himself and said to just let them know when we wanted food menus and if there was anything else they could do.  the staff were all equally as friendly as Duncan was which made for a really pleasant night since people arrived at different times and choose to eat at different times as well.  but the staff were more than happy to accomodate and made sure to keep drinks topped up as they were finished.one of the main reasons i'd chosen The Vintage was to try their charcuertrie boards, which i can confirm did not disappoint.  they have a massive list of options so you can personalise your board in whichever way you want.  i'd had a late lunch so a few grazing options was just perfect for me.  i had the vension salami, the tomato and olive goats cheese roulade, and the spreadable chorizo.  this also came with a tomato chutney, another dipping sauce i'm still unsure of, a good portion of fresh bread, and gerkhins.  all my food choices were really tasty, especially the goat's cheese which went very well with the chorizo.  i only wish there had been extra gerkhins as those things are delicious!  i also tried some of my friend's hummus and a bit of the boyfriend's air dried mutton and wild boar salami.  all extremely tasty.so i'm definitely a fan!  the only draw back i found was that the drinks here are a bit pricey.  more george street prices than leith prices, which isn't great when you're looking to have a few drinks and not a meal.  however the food was reasonably priced, the atmosphere was great, and the staff were super friendly so slightly pricey drinks won't keep me away.  i'll just have to savour my wine a bit more as i enjoy my food :)
4	I really liked the relaxed atmosphere of The Vintage. The whole area was open plan, so their was no divide between the pub and restaurant section. The service we recieved was spot on an were greeted at the door by one of the waiters and we were promptly taken to our seats. We ordered alot of food and we decided to choose a sharing platter and has lots of diffrerent dishes, pigs cheeks, pig neck, salami, and the chorizo spead was a favourite of roberts! The only thing i would say is that the portions were a little on the small side. We ordered quite a bit and even had a desert ( which was also very yum) but i still think they could be a bit more generous. A fantastic selection of beers!
4	The Vintage honestly doesn't need any more glowing reviews, but hey ho. Obviously I'd heard the stories - tales of exotic beers and platters of sumptuous charcuterie - but the whole thing really exceeded my expectations.On my first visit, I made the mistake of getting a plate of sliced meats and chargrilled veg as a starter before moving on to a steak. Big mistake. There was nothing wrong with the steak; it was really well cooked - pink and tender with a nice caramelised outside. But hot damn, that thing was taking up charcuterie space.Second visit, I was prepared. Hot charcuterie, cold charcuterie, pork, venison, beef, boar, courgette, artichoke, olives, all washed down with a bottle of cold saison. Which brings me neatly to the second reason for visiting The Vintage; its superb selection of craft beers from Scotland and further afield. Whatever your tastes and whatever your mood, they'll find something to blow you away - it's really a pleasure to explore the sheer range of characters you can get from a beer in such nice surroundings.Seriously; The Vintage knows its business. And that business is beer and meat. I strongly advise you make it your business too.
4	We were sitting right next to the entrance, and the howling page boys of Storm Emily were rolling out a red carpet of dead leaves ahead of her arrival, pushing as many through the revolving door as they possibly could. Perhaps it was the Bloody Vintages and espresso liqueurs, perhaps it was Christmas cheer, or perhaps it was just that the place is generally pretty cosy, but somehow the Yelpers brunching within remained warm and snug despite the elements.The talk, once we'd settled on The Vintage as our destination, had been all of gypsy eggs. The menu just said: gypsy eggs. No explanation, no elaboration, just... gypsy eggs. The curiosities of many were piqued (though clearly not sufficiently to Google). So it was that, despite our waitress Katie reciting a mind-boggling, mouth-watering, eye-popping range of specials and grazing options, more than half of us still put forward our order for the mysterious travelling ova.There was also some discussion of a coffee laced with Mozart white chocolate liqueur. Amazing! Were it not for the fact that I don't drink a) coffee or b) alcohol, that would have been top of my list. It sounded awesome.And then came the gypsy eeeeeggs. *angelic choir noise* Served in a skillet atop an attractive dark wooden board (which also bore a single piece of bread), these are baked eggs in a rich tomato sauce with butter beans and chorizo. Yep. They were absolutely as delicious as they sound. With the recent addition of a teeny Le Creuset skillet-for-one to my kitchen, courtesy of Bro F, I have vowed to attempt to reproduce these marvels for myself.It's impressive that, despite a good capacity and high ceilings (high enough that a Christmas tree was perching comfortably above the door without having to duck), The Vintage retains so much intimacy and character. It's worth being aware though that as it's devoted to a more exclusive, artisan approach to its bar-stock, you might not find some of the spirits and liqueurs you'd get easily elsewhere. Not a problem for one such as me who just wants a pot of tea and an OJ, mind you...A special note here must go to Katie, who was so much that was excellent about our visit. Witty, warm, and with a pretty epic singing voice, she whizzed effortlessly between tables in the ever-more-busy eatery, taking and delivering orders and wisecracking smoothly with customers. She even found time to jolly our whole table into a rowdy group rendition of Rudolph The Red-Nosed Reindeer, though none of us was quite able to match her pipes in anything more than enthusiasm. Bravo, ma'am - you'll go down in his-tor-yyy!
4	I called in to make a reservation for 8 the day before and the staff member who answered was amazingly accommodating. He worked us in and gave us the table for 2 1/2 hours and was entirely lovely about it. Having worked in the food industry I am more then aware of table times and seating so I said we were happy to be out by 8:30 so they could keep their other bookings happy. They even held the table starting at 6, even though not all of us arrived on time. This would be a pain for any restaurant generally and they didn't seem bothered. We were told again that we had until 8:30, but when the time came no one made us go so it was nice we were pushed out the door, even though we knew we needed to go. Anyhow, the menu is quite different and I was keen to make my meal up of a few nibbles to make a platter. I am a huge fan of quirky and new food so I tried the smoked mussels, octopus carpaccio, pickled veggies and a bowl of chips. Definitely a weird dinner by standard, but I loved that I could just order some tasters and get to try lots. The mussels were lovely and the octopus so delicate. I am used to having it in sushi, which is generally a bit chewy, but this was lovely. The pickled vegetables were a bit disappointed. They weren't bad, but basically were root veggies (mostly parsnip) in a very strong aniseed vinegar of some sort. I love anything pickled, but this didn't really do it for me. It's also an ideal place to share food, if that doesn't bother you. We were passing things like crazy to try everything, which I like that we could do. I also tried the spreadable chorizo, the fish pate, the smoked salmon and the venison wellington. All were amazing, especially the venison. It was served very pink and so tender. It is definitely worth the price. Everything was well-presented and delicious. It can be a bit pricy if you want heaps, but I was quite happy with only 3 things and the chips, so it can be an enjoyable meal for not too much if you share with someone.The staff was very lovely, and it felt cozy. They have excellent wine and a large range of beer options for any palette and they also served London based coffee roaster Climpson and Sons. I didn't try it, but am certainly keen to go back again. All in all, a lovely evening, different and fun and worth the trek down to the Shore.
5	Excellent food and attentive staff.  Good drinks selection and overall value. I had a small request for fresher bread recently, this was at the end of the day, and the manager went out of his way to correct this.
