4	I always drove by this place so one day I decided to try them out for lunch. To my surprise they were not even registered on Yelp yet. So I did that and was the first tip, check-in, and now review. I ordered one of their lunch specials which was a main item and fries for 5 bucks. So I orderd a 6 inch philly cheesesteak. Wasnt too bad at all.While I was eating I was going over their menu and it looks like they have a wide variety of different kinds of food you can order from pizza, wings, ribs, to seafood choices! Yes, I said seafood! From what I saw you can get deep fried catfish and shrimp! Their place is clean and service was pretty good. Not really a typical sit down restaurant but they do have a counter with chairs lined up against the walls. So in closing I have a lot more items to sample so this review might fluctuate depending on the next couple of visits. From what I saw it looks like its gonna be a solid 4 stars for now.
5	I am new to this area of Las Vegas so checking out some of the less known eateries is always a scary event.  Today we tried Happy's Pizza.  I must say I was more than pleasantly surprised!  On the website they have a coupon for a large two topping pizza, stuffed cheese bread and pop for $15.  A great price!  The guy on the phone was very friendly and personal nothing like the major chains were I always feel like I am bothering them.  I was told 45 minutes to a hour, in the back of my mind I was thinking yea right its Saturday nite.  Right on time at 46 minutes the delivery guy was at my door.  Sadly he forgot my Coke but said he would be back with 2 Cokes to make up for the mistake.  The pizza was hot and tasty.  The onions were actually cooked and not raw like they can be.  The crust was hand tossed and not doughy.  The stuffed cheese bread was the best!!!!!  The crust was perfect and the combo of garlic butter and melted cheese was right on!  Not in the mood for pizza?  No problem!  Happy's Pizza has burgers, sandwiches and even deep fried seafood.  And dessert!!!I highly recommend and Happy's Pizza has a new fan and made me Happy!
2	The crust was good & it pretty much stops there! There was so much sauce that it was squishing out everywhere! The beef tasted like it was drenched either in teriyaki sauce or soy sauce. The cheese was cheap, rubbery imitation cheese product. We will not be returning to Happy's Pizza as it made us very unhappy!
5	Went back for the second time for dinner and they did not disappoint!This time I ordered the 3 items meal deal for 15 bucks so I can sample as much as I can without spending too much. I chose 1 pound of rib tips, 5 garlic hotwings, and fried catfish. Comes with fries and a garlic roll.The rib tips were tender and covered with tangy barbeque sauce. The wings were your basic size and the flavor I got was garlic. It was good. The two pieces of catfish were breaded with just the right amount of cornmeal and were pretty good sizes. It was also tender and flaky.THE WEIRD PART IS THAT I STILL HAVNT EVEN TRIED THEIR PIZZA!While I was eating there, I noticed the delivery drivers were busy going in and out to deliver their orders. I also noticed a steady flow of customers coming in to pick up their carry out orders. So overall, based on what I ate and observed, THIS PLACE IS A LEGIT 5 STARS!Im definitely gonna try their pizza next time!
2	Get out and stay out of the peach cobbler business. Nasty is an understatement.
4	Wow, what a deal. All that food and such a great price.  The pizza was great and they have probably the BEST bread sticks ever.  And not to mention the best ribs I have had in a while.  Fast delivery, too!!!!
5	Woohoo! This food is so good. I ordered the 3 item dinner combo, I chose 3piece cajan perch fish, 1lb rib tips and 3 whole wings  dinner also comes with macaroni  salad pasta and garlic bread. I had plenty to share with family. Delicous.This is my first time ordering and using delivery from this place and it will Not be my last. I just wish I had ordered from here sooner.
2	I literally just picked up my order from here. When I walked up to the door it was filthy, upon entering I was hit with a foul stench of sewer. There were 3 young men and a young lady all standing around, cleaning products were unattended in the dining room, the restaurant was very dirt especially the floors. I didn't want to be rude so I payed my 31.00 for my family meal (large pizza breads ticks salad and a 2 liter, we added boneless wings on) when I got home my pizza was cold and disgusting,  the bread sticks also cold ( when I got there they forgot part of my order so pizza and bread sticks sat for about 10 mins.)  I gave our whole order to our dogs because we just couldn't stomach it.. I'm only giving 2 stars because one of the young men was very polite. The young lady had an irritated look on her face.. I won't be back. They can't even fix this one. .
1	So I was so excited when my roommate texted me to tell me she got pizza for dinner...until I got home.  :(   So we had an antipasti salad, ham pineapple pizza, garlic bread things, and chix nuggets.   The salad was barely edible...cheap bagged nasty iceberg lettuce with unidentifiable lunch meats.  The nuggets were practically sauce less, and the pizza, ewww.   The sauce had a funny weird taste and the cheese on it very plasticky.  The pineapple on it was good..lol.  Guess a bowl of Cheerios it is, I am sure my dogs will be happy though.
5	The food is amazing, staff is very nice and polite and store is absolutely spotless! I had ordered the pizza and wing combo, boneless wings and whole slab of ribs. The ribs were fall off the bone, they use real mozzarella cheese on their pizza and the boneless wings were to die for! As I was there I noticed they were smoking their ribs in the restaurant! This place is legit, by far one of the best joints in Las Vegas! All the bad reviews on here must be from the competition.
2	staff recieves 5 stars.. although i am rating this review for one reason and one reason only i was craving banana pudding..! heard they had some of the best LOL yeah right.! nothinh about it was homemade.. right out the jello box.. disgusting. stay away from the pudding.
1	Driver got mad at me asking for money when I had paid using Paypal and tipped him using Paypal as well.  I explained him but without trusting called his store.  Lack of communication between management and drivers.  Food was terrible.  Won't order anymore from this place.
1	Ordered rotisserie chicken and a tossed salad for delivery. Received the rotisserie chicken and A HALF EATEN PIZZA! When I called to inquire about my salad and let them know about the pizza, I was told "my bad that was the pizza we were eating that box wasn't supposed to go to you"; however they did bring my salad right back and picked up their half-eaten pizza.
2	Came here for lunch the other day and was shocked at how bad the service was. I stood there for about 10 minutes waiting to order for dine in and both guys behind the counter were on the phone taking orders. I get it. They were busy. But when one of them got off, he proceeded to go and make orders! He didnt even acknowledge me! As a matter of fact, neither of them acknowledged me. So I wait for another 5 minutes and still the same scenario. I left wondering what the heck were these guys doing? I know both of them saw me but did nothing. Def will be awhile before I even consider coming back if at all. That's too bad because I thought their food was really good.Yelp 365 Review Challenge #142 "Saddy's Pizza"
4	Head's Up:  The eat 24 specials do not work for the 2 deep dishes for $19.  Pizza is not bad; The place still honored the 2 deep dishes for $19 though they said that it is not a real deal.The pizza is crispy but doesn't have much cheese on it.  The staff there is very friendly.
1	While the food was okay & I purchased 3 different times, the stress of having to deal with this company isn't worth it. And make note that they have closed down their other location which begs the question why. The owner told me he was here from out East to expand the name. Beware franchisees.1. First time I ordered they made mistake after mistake. The corned beef wasn't on an onion bun as advertised. The all drumsticks I requested came with wings. The thin crust wasn't thin.2. When I called the second time, I found out the owner George was now in town from Michigan & had only been here a month. Oh & I had left a message in MI at the head office re: what happened & no one returned my call.George said he would make my next order right, but didn't give me one thing to compensate me for what had happened. I even suggested he give me a piece of cake on the house & he didn't. Fine, I accepted that.3. Then the fish I ordered for $10 didn't taste good like after the first time I had tried them, so I called again. I mean that's a lot of money.This time George gave me a pizza on the house if I ordered $10 worth of other items.4. On my 3rd time just before I ordered my very last time as I just moved out of the area, I thought they got the order correct, but they forgot to put banana peppers on my pizza which I was charged for. I called up & the guy said he would give me a $3 credit for my trouble. I said on my credit card please (I knew I was moving).Well it never showed up on my credit card & so I called just a second ago & George ended up being an as*hole. He tried to play games with me as if I'm stupid & he can pull one over on me.First he said his credit card machine can't do refunds. LOL, yeh right. Then he wanted me to get there to pick up the $3 all the way from Summerlin even though I told him 3 times I HAVE NO CAR & it takes 20+ minutes by car to get there. And if this idiot thinks I'm going to take a bus just to recoup  $3, then he really is an idiot. Then he tried to up it to $5 as if the $5 would even compensate the $5 bus fare AND around 4 hours of lost time.I told him if he doesn't know how to do a refund on the machine, to call his bank & they will show him. His next BS was about how he doesn't have my card so he can't give me a refund. I said when I buy you don't have my card either, but you take it over the phone. Here you want it I asked him? He didn't want to take it down.He said he'll come to me & drop it off. I said do you want to? Sure, fine, I don't care. I even suggested he mail me a check. When he didn't follow through on either suggestion (his or mine), I asked, "are you refusing to give me my money back? Just say so." I was already on the phone arguing with this p*ick 10 minutes now. I said when you figure out what you want to do, call me back & let me know. Then about 2 minutes later he parroted what I just said & told ME to call him when I figure out what I want to do after. LOL Yeh try to play mind games with me George, it ain't going to work.Oh & at some point he said he doesn't have the authorization to do a refund (another lie). I said you are the OWNER, how can you can not have the authorization. He then lied & said I'm NOT the owner, & asked me, "who told you that?"I finally hung up the phone on him when I realized this cheap bast*ard is a chronic liar, he will do everything in his power not to make good on anything. I'm surprised now he even gave me the free pizza. Probably because it costs him so little to make one & he knew I'd order $20 more of other food which I had. Every time I ordered the bill was around $25-30.
