5	I have to admit, I had my doubts about another chain coffee shop moving into the Phoenix area.  But this shop has alleviated my fear.I met the guy who runs the place at a networking event and he gave me a handful of free beverage cards.  Of course I used them to check the place out and was very impressed with the good service and good coffee.I visited recently for the first time as a paying customer and I was twice as impressed.  I asked the barista if they had iced tea.  They only have Yerba Mate, which is not really my fave, but I was willing to try again.  They have a ton of flavors and can make it for you or they have it for sale in bottles.  I chose the freshly brewed chai flavor.  While I waited for my tea to steep for a minute the barista cashed me out and then said "Do you want one of the bottles for free just so you can try it?"  I love you Dutch Bros.  And, they revived my faith in Yerba Mate.  The bottled stuff was sweetened but not too much and pretty tasty.  The brewed beverage was much tastier to my buds.They have a very convenient and quick drive-thru at the corner of Lemon and Rural.  Or you can walk up to the window to order and sit at the outside tables.  They do not have indoor seating.I'm not saying that they always give away free stuff either.  But they do have excellent service and good products.
5	This is right on my way to work. Like Amanda, I drove by many times before stopping. I didn't realize it was a chain until after I had my first cup and went to their website when I got to work. But too late, I was hooked. The guys and gals that work their are way nice and the soy in the latte is really good, I have to find out which kind they use.  Oh ya and they are superfast, they have given me my  debit card back, stamped my punch card and gave me my coffee in less than a minute, I swear. I am a little concerned to go back now that school has started, since they are directly across the street from ASU and I have been spoiled not having to ever wait very long.
5	I wanted to report that I have since returned (I do have a stamp card that I'm working on). I avoided that whole area the 1st week of school, but went there the other morning and not only had speedy, friendly service, but waited behind only one person. That's even less than when I had gone before school started. Oh and I don't know if they had anything to do with this, but I hit green lights all the rest of the way to work. Thanks Dutch Bros!
5	this is my favorite coffee to get in tempe...wish they would put one in central phoenix, but then i'd probably be hella broke.i love the look and style of the place and the cups - that has to be my favorite part about this place..the employees and the atmosphere are always great...never had a bad coffee from this place...and it's a great price too, about a dollar less than starbucks and you get more and better coffee...i wish they had an indoor area, but i guess that's what makes dutch bros, well, dutch bros!try the annihilator, or the almond joy. those are my two favorites..ps- usually you can pick up ASU's wi-fi signal sitting outside...
5	I stopped in here a couple of days ago after the Yelp Office Hours. I had to get some gift card/coffee money for a friend of mine that moved to Oregon. I hear they are popular up there. The guys who served me were awesome!! The only reason I went there was to grab the coffee money and run, but Ryan and David kept my attention. I told them I've never had Dutch Bros before, so they gave me a small sample of their delicious coffee. Even though I was already caffeined out I gave it my all to take a sip, I mean it was nice of them to make a free sample for me...They made the Kaluah Kicker (which is awesome ICED!) and to my surprise it was really good!! Friendly service and great attitude keep me coming to this place. Today I went back and brought my sister and a friend for a cup of their yummy coffee. The guy working today was really nice and very upbeat... it kind of gave me a sense of the Oregonian attitude - friendly and cheerful. Plus they gave out free stickers!! I'm so putting one on my car.
5	I was driving to a job training class, dreading having to attend because I have been fighting off a cold for 3 weeks. I am constantly losing my voice, and nothing really seems to work to prevent it besides a nice cup of hot tea. Sick, unable to speak, and a little dizzy from all of the pills my doctors have me taking, I pulled into Dutch Bros. Coffee. I couldn't really speak to get my order out, but they were patient with me. I chose a tea, and they actually suggested one that would be better for my sore throat. They even added a little caramel and honey to it for me at no extra charge. Thanks guys. You have definitely earned a repeat customer in me!
5	It's all about the Kahlua Kicker. Unfortunately there's no booze in it but it's just as good without (almost). Frighteningly perky staff. Either it's the caffeine or they're suckin' on the whip cream, but they are way to happy for college students working at a coffee shop. I was very sad when I moved away from Tempe only to have discovered Dutch...but fear not! That building that's being constructed on Central and Camelback, it's gonna be a Dutch! Now I can shop at Francis and enjoy my Kahlua Kicker whenever I want. Elation!
5	I take all the people I like here. Great coffee, friendly (and hot!) staff. Excellent for what it is.
5	nicest staff ever! i always leave with an ego boost! and a cup of the most delicious coffee ever. i like my coffee sweet not sour, anyone else think starbucks has sour coffee? dutch bros is my fav spot to get anything on the menu, seriously, everything is good. i love the macadamia nut thing they have. everything rocks.
5	mmm I love me some Dutch Brothers. I have yet to talk to someone there that is not friendly and fun. Perfectly located near campus for all the caffeine -hungry students that need to stay up late to catch up on papers that are due the following morning. Not only is it a good location with awesome staff but the coffee is amazing too. I love the Kahlua Kicker and I am also a major fan of the iced chai tea lattes as well. This place is definitely worth becoming a regular for! They also offer a deal of buying eight coffees I think and get one free
5	O ye, dark chocolate mocha? I am so there. And like everyone's already raved, the counterfolk are SO. NICE. Like, I could have just watched someone drop-kick a puppy into oncoming traffic, and in order to renew my faith in human beings all I'd need to do is go to this Dutch Bros. location and order a drink.
5	I can't get enough of Dutch Bros.  I'm glad they finally opening more locations in AZ.  You can't beat the deals and friendly staffs.  I love the Kahula Kicker and Annihilator.  Must try!
4	Dutch Bros is a place that I forget I love until someone surprises me with a drink from there. When I lived next door at Cholla, I took advantage of their free drinks when they first opened up. Hadn't been back in awhile, but a friend picked up an Almond Joy the other day and I fell in love all over again.
4	Drive-thru coffee, smoothies and more! I'm obsessed with the Dutch Freeze (frequent buyer card, woot!) This drive-thru drink experience is always a pleasant one because the barista boys are always smiling. And you can't this: Free drinks today, Friday 7-17, a new location is opening (http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/bella/2009/07/free_dutch_bros_coffee_at_temp.php) at Mill and Southern.
5	I am also reviewing Central and Camelback location. ( New last month)!I Love DB!!! There coffee is better than the other coffee shops in town.(Or just as good) they  have funky flavors like Almond Joy, ( Love my coconut)  Milky Way( Which I am assured is awesome)  and Kahlua Kicker. So far I have tried the Almond Joy and the  Kahlua Kicker.  Afew other  things about DB that I want to mention. The service here is outstanding! I think they interview the kids at the comedy store before they hire them.lol! Every time I have gone to a DB I have gotten a little show, a funny little joke, or just darn special service. I LOVE IT!!!!!Last night I stopped by the Central location and got the wonderful young man to give me a little show with the throwing of the bottles in the air a la Tom Cruise "Cocktail" style. Very fun! And he was a very nice, attentive young man. It makes going there so nice!PS-The last thing to note is  that they have a special coffee cup that they invented with a raised lip. It is perfect! i never burn my lips!!!!!
4	I'm a huge fan of coffee, so when Dutch Bros first opened, I had to try it out. It was maybe about a year ago or more when I decided to stop going because every time I tried one of their iced coffee drinks, it wasn't that cold...you had to shake the ice around a bunch just to get it to chill a bit.A few weeks ago, after receiving some coupons in the mail, I decided what the heck - let's give it another go. I gotta say I was really impressed. I went with my usual fave - Iced Chai w/ non-fat and sugar free vanilla (i know, when did I turn in to such a yuppie, but damn is it good!). It had the perfect amount of sweetness and just enough spice (unlike the chai at Starbucks - way to spicy). The next day I tried the Milky Way Freeze (i think that's what it's called). Very good, however I'm scared to think of how fattening it is because it comes in a pre-made blend. Oh well, I'll deal with it, because it really was tasty.And this morning I tried a Strawberry Red Bull Smoothie. Eh - I'll pass on this next time. It was more of an Icee than a smoothie, and had a bit of a weird taste. To each his own.The staff are always really friendly and upbeat. It doesn't matter what time it is, they have the music blasting and look like they are having a good time. The only down side I can see of this place are the cups they use. They are definitely not made to sit back and relax. Within a half an hour or so you can feel the material of the cup start to get soggy. So if you slam your coffee, this isn't an issue, but if you like to savor it, I might recommend asking for 2 cups.All in all...a good place but I'll still go for Extreme Bean over Dutch Bros.
4	Hmmm let's see.... Where should I start? I can't really remember when dutch bros and I began our love affair. It has been a while now. I have to say this love doesn't extend to all locations. In fact it only involves this one. Also, the more locations that open the less I like the company. Who are you trying to be?? Starbucks??!!?? Anyways... The annihilator is my favorite. I get it blended, but iced is just as nice. The guys here are ALWAYS awesome. The girls can be too much and seem to never understand the stamp card concept. If you don't like coffee try a berry smoothie. This place is great but would be better f you had the option to escape the Arizona heat by stepping inside. The drive thru is necessary or the walk up joint would sink. If you like coffee, smoothies or anything DUTCH stop by this Tempe spot.
4	Dutch Bros is GREAT! Very friendly, helpful and accomodating staff! COUPONS! Drive thru convenience! Did I mention the COUPONS! They have a walk-up window to accomodate all the walkers on the way to and from campus or if you just love to get out of your car and stroll up to the window. They have more than just coffee, they have great hot chocolate and even spiced cider as well as a number of iced drinks, oh and SNACKS! Did I mention the COUPONS and punchcards?
5	If it ain't Dutch, it ain't much! First I'm going to put it out there that I hate Starbucks and everything they stand for. Yuppie, corporatized, trendy, overpriced, and the customer service usually SUCKS! Plus I've never been able to move beyond the pretentious sizing system. Let's call a small a small, OK people? That being said, I do really enjoy some coffee every now and then. So, Saturday morning as my BF, sister, dogs and I were headed for a day at the lake I spotted a Dutch Bros on McKellips and Gilbert and decided to stop for a hot cuppa. The guy who took our order was blazed out of his gourd, really nice, kind of cute, got our order right AND gave my pups some treats! I could tell he and his buddy were just enjoying their Saturday morning in their little kiosk. Nothing wrong with having a little fun at work, especially if work happens to be a coffee kiosk. The coffee was pretty cheap, but I don't remember how it compared to *bucks because my sister had a coupon. I drink my Coffee black so I thought the flavor was AMAZING. Not bitter or burned tasting, just really smooth. I also like the little spout thing they have in the lid of the cup, it keeps the coffee from leaking everywhere in the car. My sister says they have this special free mug they'll give you if you tell them you're going on the bus. Who knew? I wish there was a Dutch Bros in Chandler. Until then, I'll be sticking with my Circle K coffee, secure in the knowledge that I haven't sold my soul to the demonic Starbucks in exchange for a short lived coffee rush.
3	I am not writing this to be a snob, because I usually like coffee...even the cappuccino creations at the gas stations.  But this coffee is not good, I won't say bad.  Their creations like the Kalua cooler thing is great, and they do well on their fun drinks.  But out of pure curiosity I tried their coffee and their mocha.  Dutch Bros...you need to improve.  I didn't get to see the process but it tasted like steamed chocolate milk with a couple weak espresso shots thrown in.  The problem with this process is that it gets cold...way to fast, and it tastes burnt.  For those who think Starbuck's coffee tastes burnt, it's because you tried a spicy blend.  You probably like Folders too because it's watered down.  Next time try some SB coffee with a little water...you might like it! And my mocha at Dutch Bros...cost like 3 bucks...about the same as Starbucks. So I don't buy the price cut on good coffee that they pitch.  Good point. The cups are awesome and they have pretty good customer service.  If I was a horny college guy I'd love the half dressed gals servin' up my latte.  I've only seen one man worth gawking at when I go by it every day...not enough for me to buy another Mocha.  I won't make too many judgments based on THIS one...since it is college town.  I'll try some more...then cement my opinion.  3 stars since they do have some good drinks...just not coffee :(
4	I stopped by Dutch Brothers one night after watching a show at Gammage. Now it has become my post-play routine. The location is convenient in Tempe; in the parking lot with Monkey Pants. It is a small drive up window similar to the old Foto Mats in the 1970's. I have ordered the hot chocolate, the Kahlua Kicker and most recently the Milky Way. Dang that's good stuff-  the Milk Way has espresso, caramel sauce (who doesn't love that?) and chocolate blend milk. Yummy! Each time I have visited this location it has been about 9:30-10:00 on a Saturday night and the same dude has been working. He is fast, friendly and talkative. Must be kind of lonely sitting in a box in the parking lot all night, but fortunately for him the location seems to be popular. I didn't go five stars because the cup is a little hot. No little cardboard ring for insulation and I find it is challenging to drive without letting it cool down slightly. But otherwise, excellent.I enjoy the experience of coming here more so than Starbucks and I can't wait to come back - good thing my next play is this Saturday night. Bring on the Dutch Brothers!
5	I am not a Starbucks hater.  I do enjoy a cup of Starbucks now and again.  However, as some others have stated, they have just become too big and corporate like for my taste.  In California there are lots of drive thru Starbucks so I kind of got spoiled getting coffee on my way to work or after dropping my daughter off at school.  When I moved to Arizona, I did not find the drive thru Starbucks to be the norm, rather I had to search to find one.  I did find one that was on my to work but the line was always super long.  So I did a search......and, behold, I found Dutch Brothers. On my first visit I was greeted enthusiastically by Heidi.  I told her it was my first visit and asked what she would reccomend.  She said her favorite was the Kahula Kicker.  I said, "I'll give it a try" and she promptly whipped one up for me.  She also gave me some stickers, two coupons, and a stamp card....buy 10, get one free!  Jackpot!  Starbucks doesn't do that, now do they?  That Kahula Kicker was very tasty too.  I'm not a fan of bitter coffee.  I like a smoother taste and yes, I like flavors in my coffee.  I could never drink it black.  Bleh!  Ducth Brothers coffee is smooth and I don't know how they do it, but it tastes creamy and that's a skinny Kahula Kicker too! That was just my first visit.....it's been two weeks now and I have to fight myself NOT to stop by on the way to work for my coffee.  I have had the same great customer service, most of the time from Heidi, but the others that have waited on me have been great too, same enthusiasum (or maybe it's all the caffeine?), and friendly demeanor.  I have tried the Milky Way, a Mocha, and I brought a co-worker a Double White Chocolate Mocha on her birthday.....she said it was the best mocha she has ever tasted, creamy and just awesome!  I don't know if every location is like this or not since this is the only one I have tried. There is almost never a line here and if there is, it's one or two cars.  I hope it stays that way.  I love Dutch Brothers.  I don't feel like I'm just another customer, they make me feel special somehow.  And that's why I will keep going back.  And if you go in the mornings, during the week, tell Heidi, the perky blonde, I sent ya!
5	great coffee and i think every location has hot young staff.  must be a requirement to work there.
4	Oh Dutch Bros, how I love thee!  Your drinks are always delicious and refreshing.  And your staff is so friendly.  They are always rockin' out and having a good time.  Plus, you have a stamp card for us frequent visitors!
5	Originally from Southern Oregon, the birth place of Dutch Bros., I moved to the desert expecting to forgo many of the perks of living in the Northwest (great coffee being high on that list).  Lucky for me, Dutch Bros. followed me down here!  Ok, or maybe I followed it...either way...Regardless, the coffee is sincerely my favorite of any chain I have tried and the employees are always a blast to talk with.  I am always on the lookout for sugar-free options, and Dutch Bros. offers all of their products made with sugar-free syrups that don't taste artificial at all.  As a former Starbucks employee, I can tell you the coffee superpower doesn't hold a candle to Dutch Bros.!Oh, and go for the Annihilator...
5	If you drive through a Starbucks and there are 6 cars in line in front of you, you're 10-15 minutes away from being back on the road.  At Dutch Bros (at least this one!), it's about 2.5 minutes.  And it's GREAT.  And they're super nice.  (ok, and per a previous reviewers comments, pretty hot...)love love love love Dutch Bros!!
3	Working as a barista for a non-starbucks local for the past three years, I would say I have a pretty good taste for good espresso. When I lived next to this Dutch Bros., I was a naive young soul who would reap the benefits of free almond joys whenever had the chance. Needless to say, I swung by this place last night to fill a hot espresso drink craving and of course experienced quick and friendly customer service. However, I was bummed they had changed their menu around. AND, something irks me about a place that uses chocolate milk instead of milk + mocha. I dig the place, but will probably be on the lookout for another starbucks alternative.
5	I love Dutch Bros! My favorite drink is the soy Kicker. It's delicious hot or iced.
5	I love Dutch Bros!  I'm a dedicated punch-card holder, addicted to iced Kickers, which are their Irish-cream flavored specialty.  They're really rich though, just so you know what you're getting into before you take my advice.  They make it with cream, but you can also get it with less fatty milks (or soy milk).  If you want the full experience, get the cream though.  I also love that their prices are all in increments of $0.25, including tax.  It's just a nice touch.  :)
5	It's been a few months since I've been to this location.  I pulled in last week on my way to work to get coffee for myself and a coworker.  Nick and Heidi are still working the morning shift and I remembered them but I didn't expect them to remember me.  I placed my order and both of them asked me how I was doing and that it had been a while since I was in and they called me by name!!!  Yes, almost 4 months since I was in and they still knew my name!  And the fact that they are still both working there must mean something right??  Turnover at other places is high.  So I figure they must get paid ok and treated ok by the company but most of all I think they both truely enjoy their jobs.  I have never seen either one of them without a smile on their face.  They always have an awesome attitude no matter how busy it is.  I wish they would bring a Dutch Bros. out to the East Valley so I can get my fix on the weekend without having to drive to far.  Thanks Dutch Bros. for having such awesome folks working.  It really helps make my morning!!
4	Dutch Bros is great for coffee on the go.  The joe is good and their customer service is always extremely efficient and friendly.  I really enjoy their Irish cream coffee, either hot or cold.Make sure to go on Tuesdays to get a double stamp on your Dutch Bros card!  Also keep an eye out for their Twitter specials.
3	I tried the regular coffee. Average. Haven't tried the flavors like the other folks have so I will be looking for some " must have " suggestions! Average cup of Joe, but.. that said the staff is awesome and gets my morning going. I am not a morning person but on my way into school they totally get me ready for people interaction or... maybe that is the caffeine. Well, I like the staff so I say its them. Will be going back and may just have to adjust the gold stars if I like what my fellow yelpers recommend!! Post those suggestions. Overly Caffinated and so loving it!
5	YUM! A coffee place that rewards loyalty? Get out of town! Yes, Dutch Bros does. :-) Ten stamps get you a free drink, any size and they have double stamp Tuesdays. I like the drinks here way better than Starbucks. The staff is always super friendly and upbeat so early in the morning.
5	Only had their smoothies, but they're bomb! Love the mango!
3	If you want a quick and sugared up drink, this is the place. If you want actual coffee, I suggest looking elsewhere.
5	I love everything about this place!  Amazing employees, product, and service.The management must be doing something right because they always have what I want, the employees are all extremely friendly and competent (something that seems rare these days), and the service is fast.I've had great iced coffee, hot chocolate, flavored Red Bull, and smoothies here.  The drive thru is so convenient, especially on the way to class.They offer punch cards (buy 10 drinks, get 1 free) and distribute coupons around ASU's campus.The prices are great; some of their drinks are  almost half the price they would be at Starbucks!
5	Love this place! Love the drinks! Love the people who work there!
5	I LoveLoveLove Dutch Bros! I was always a loyal Starbucks customer until this little gem popped up right next to my work :) Like everyone else says their drinks are delish (medium iced non fat sugar free white choc mocha mmmmmmm) and they are so friendly! I normally just walk up because its never crowded and super fast! Love it! and I love my punch card!! Dutch Bros is awesome! :)
4	Carpooled with a friend to school and made a pit stop here on the way. I tried an Iced kicker because according to my friend it's really popular. There's only one size for iced drinks which probably equates to a Vente/Grande starbucks cup.The drink was a little to sweet for me but once the ice melted it was just right.Drive through line was backed up so got out of the car and ordered at the window instead. If you're in a hurry, definitely go up to the window, there's nobody there!!
5	Always terrific service. No addition charge for extra flavoring. The prices are even better than "Starbuck's".
5	Super sugary and calorie filled deliciousness
3	I rather go here than starbucks. I think?
5	All I can say is YUM!  Nothing starts my day like a cup of nectar-of-the-gods from Dutch.  It's got a great taste without the burned taste of Starbucks.  The carmelizer is probably my favorite, but the black & white mocha is a close second.  Be sure to sign up for the text club, as they email out deals every week.  Tuesday is also double stamp day.  =)
4	PROS:If you have been boycotting Starbucks for a long time, this is the place to escape to. They have a coffee drink called 911. Staff is really cool and one informed me that they give proceeds to MDA. CONS: A small menu of coffee to choose from. No shady area to sit. You have to drive thru and go find that shade elsewhere.
2	too expensive. I hate the loud as music and so forth. Coffee is just OK. Little to foofoo! I prefer Coffee Cartel or something similar. Not much to choose from in Tempe though.
4	Very tasty!  Much better than that other place with the burnt coffee.
5	Super friendly staff. The best coffee and flavored energy drinks around! And they are really fast too!
4	Good coffee, great service.
4	I absolutely love this place. The staff has always been friendly, fast, and efficient. Why wait for Tuesday for double stamp day, sometimes they hook you up on a regular day. Try thier gourmet granola bars from Seattle. Those are devine. The menu is limited, but it makes up for it in delicousness. Albeit, there are really no places to chill and sit, but why waste hours when you can be out doing something
2	I must start off by saying that I am a Dutch fan. However this is the WORST location that I have been too and is a far cry from the awesomeness that is the location off Guadaloupe & McQueen that I would say is the BEST location I have been too.I order 1 of 2 drinks every time I go to any Dutch Brothers and I know how it's supposed to taste. This location simply has their flavor profiles ALL wrong. I ordered a Cocomo & my husband ordered an iced americano w. vanilla & cream. Sad to say both were just no even drinkable. Bottom line: Skip this location and drive over to the other location I mentioned and have Jasmine make you a coffee!
5	Friendliest drive-thru experience ever.  They are 3 for 3 in engaging me in conversation and making me laugh in the short time it takes to finish my drink.  The Caramelizer is my favorite, but be warned, these drinks are very sweet (which I appreciate!).  They have some stronger sounding coffees I haven't been brave enough to try (like 911?) but I'm happy with my blended, sugary concoctions that taste like a milkshake.This is definitely my go-to Tempe coffee!
4	Friendly and outgoing employees, good coffee and smoothies, fast service, and fair prices. When I'm on the go Dutch Bros always ends up being a good choice.
5	I am obsessed with this place!! I've only been a few times cause it can get a bit pricey but when I do go it is a real treat!! I've tried something different every time and there isn't a drink I haven't loved!! If you love frappacinos from Starbucks then you will love their blended drinks. So much better and more flavors. Also if you follow them on twitter they have deals. Same with text messages if you sign up. The punch cards are good too!The staff is hot!! It must be a requirement to work there. They are also the nicest people I've ever met.
5	Excellent service! Very proactive employees that know the importance of fast courteous service. I will definitely choose this place over any other when in Tempe.
5	Dutch Bros is the BUSINESS! Always delicious coffee and quick service. Also, it's awesome that the Baristas actually know how to engage you in conversation (not forced or fake) and put a smile on your face! Make sure you get a stamp card for Two-Punch Tuesdays. Favorites: - ER 911 - POTENT Iced Coffee- The Kicker You gotta love how insanely efficient this location is. After I dropped my boss off at the airport this morning, I decided it was time to get caffeine fix #2 of the day. There was quite the line, so someone came out and took orders from everyone in line. Pulled up to the window, paid for my drinks, and was on my merry way to the office. Can you beat / do that, Starbucks? Didn't think so. ;)
5	Excellent coffee with some prices actually higher than Starbucks unfortunately. Tough to get a cup of java for under 2 bucks these days, but I suppose the friendly folks working are worth the extra 50 cents once in awhile. Another great thing is the usual punch card you get isn't usual at all. All you have to do is return a 2nd time and after that your next coffee is free. Good idea Dutchy.
1	Great coffee but don't go here if you're in a hurry. They employ only college students who are over the top friendly but who also think keeping people waiting in line for 15 minutes while they talk to their friends is totally cool.
5	I LOVE Dutch Bros! Customer service is awesome! I always leave with a huge smile on my face. The baristas and barist-bros are soo much fun and remember me and my order every time I stop in. The stamp cards are great too for free drinks and double stamp Tuesday's. Every other coffee shop leaves me disappointed now that I've experienced Dutch Bros! Love you guys!!
5	Obsessed. I go daily. Each location is always a fast and fun experience. I have the  kicker from the traditional menu or the white zombie from the secret menu. ;) like I said love love love if you have never had dutch brothers you are missing out.
4	All the staff are very friendly and upbeat . . . loud music pumping from the speakers . . . it's more of a party than anything. When there is a long line at the window, the staff run out to the cars beyond and take orders so when you get to the window, your drinks are ready. It's definitely an indulgement to get a specialty coffee as they are a little pricey (except for $3 happy-hour), but I allow myself one every couple of weeks. The loyalty card is great so you can earn stamps toward a free coffee of your choice. I absolutely prefer Dutch Brothers to Starbucks any day of the week!
4	Such a convenient location to ASU-- literally across the street. When I do cross that easy street, I am always greeted with friendly and super cool baristas, who know their coffee. The coffee is delicious too. But...the coffee is a little pricey, especially for people who want a place to go everyday for their jumpstart. If you go during happy hour though, it is only $3. I am always lovin' their hazelnut latte over ice with soy milk (THEY DO SOY MILK, at no extra charge). Love it. Going back. Actually. Going back tomorrow morning. Hope to see some of you there. http://www.twitter.com/ceciliauc
3	Went here late one night because it was open... Came here a lot in college and it seems to have become a bit more bland. My drink had very little coffee or syrup taste... mostly milk taste, but this is perhaps expected as they are in a lower price range when compared to other local coffee establishments. At least my decaf shots were not bitter, which is a tribute to their cleaning and upkeep of their machines, as well as the baristas who know how to pull decaf shots.The service was SUPER friendly, which was great to see and they helped me pick something out (another pet peeve, is that their menu is really weird and small, so I always have to order off the menu). Also, I've seen them make a mocha in the past by just steaming Shamrock's chocolate milk, which I was not that impressed with (seems lazier than making your own mocha?). One last pet peeve, is that their straws are not wrapped, and the barista touched the top of mine with his bare hands. This probably wouldn't bother everyone, but to me it matters.Lastly, just an odd side note, they gender here - I got a pink straw from the barista and my fiance got a blue one... Overall though, for a late night it is pretty reliable and takes the edge off needing a coffee fix.
4	Great place for a morning pick me up: all their drinks can be ordered in hot and cold options. My usual orders are the Caramelizer or the Cocomo. The one thing I really like about this place is that their coffee isn't too hot and tastes really sweet  (obviously, this might be a turn off to some coffee snobs).I usually stop by this place around 8am and the drive through gets really busy - but the great part is that there is a runner that takes people's orders beforehand so you don't have to wait too long. Staff is almost always very friendly in the morning which is a big plus for me.If you really like this place, definitely get a punch card and order on Two Punch Tuesdays.
4	LOVE this location! Very friendly staff as well as FAST! And my drink of choice is perfect each time!!! (The Kicker = instant happy)
5	I grew up with Dutch Brother's in my back yard. When I moved here from Oregon nit long ago I was happy to see an old friend, Dutch Bros Coffee. The staff here is always happy and friendly. They already know what I want when I pull up. I love how close this location is to ASU, makes it easy to get that coffee in the morning.
4	Starting to see these coffee places pop up everywhere. It's a good alternative to Starbucks or... wherever else they serve coffee. The coffee place is more of a room where the staff makes the coffee. The seats are patio seats really. You can get your coffee through drive through as well.Not bad. For me it's convenience. If one is near by and Starbucks is not around, then Dutch Bros Coffee it is! It will save you some gas although I'm sure the next Starbucks is not too far from you.
2	They have been messing it up lately.  I havent been back for months.  Having the wagging tits in your face with the big smiles and what are you doing today is starting to get old.  Everyone is obviously forced to make conversation and to start by asking what are you guys up to today?  Come on you guys it starts to feel like an intrusion and we know its forced which is why its becoming uncomfortable.  You guys are doing everything else right.  Lose the forced buddy buddy stuff that is now starting to work against you and let conversation happen naturally instead.  Last few times my coffee wasnt right so now I just make it at home.
4	Great place to get coffee, all prices included tax so you know what you pay for.  If you are going to use their wi-fi, you'll need to purchase something first and then they'll give you the password for it.
5	This Dutch Bros is the best! The most friendly and hardworking staff and they always make my drink perfectly. My favorite barista is my girl Morgan! She is so funny and so friendly and always TWERKIN IT OUT! She's the best and should come to LA and open a store here so I can see her and get this coffee in my bod all the time! Keep it up y'all!
5	My first time to Dutch Bros this morning. I am so impressed with their workers. Never have I met people so genuinely nice at 4am. I never write reviews, but this place is amazing and I most certainly will be returning. First time there and 9 stamps on the punch card? Awesome. 5 stars hands down. Oh, the coffee is amazing too!
1	This chain is a absolute joke. Do you know why the line moves so fast every morning - no it's not because the college kids run up to your car and take your order, it's because everything is pre-made and ready to roll. I was trying to use up my $10 giftcard from my last complaint and on visit one, the large $3 coffee was bitter and full of grinds. On visit two, I attempted to order a "fresh fruit" smoothie, but then the girl breaks out a mix from a bottle that they pour into a cup and charge you five bucks to drink. I deftly avoided that blatant ripoff and seeing nothing on the menu that was made fresh, I had to order their crappy mocha again, which was ready in a jiffy because again they have that all ready sitting in a tub. Even the blonde girl working there admitted that most of the franchises don't clean out that bin daily. Yucko. The $3 left in my card I will be donating to the next homeless person I see in Tempe Town Lake. Some chains are proud not to use microwaves, but Dutchy should advertise "No blenders Used in making your drink"
5	I'm visiting for a few days and after the worst hotel stay ever I stumbled to this oasis of coffee heaven! The employees are amazing, genuine and simply make the best vanilla latte I've ever had in 35 years!!! I wish we had one in Huntington Beach, CA!!! Thank you Dutch Brothers Coffee employees for giving the touristy old tattooed chick in the Murder City Devils  T-shirt one sweet and awesome experience in a three day whirlwind of sleepless hell!!!
5	All I can say is, WOW! What a great first experience at Dutch Bros Coffee--and it definitely will not be my last. I was in dyer need of morning caffeine fix, yet was too tired to park and get out of my car (that's how bad it needed to happen). So I was driving down Scottsdale/Rural and saw Dutch Bros on my left, with a medium-long drive-thru line. Having heard good things about this place before, I decided to give it a try. Pulled into the line and a girl with a super-bubbly personality hopped over to my driver side window to take my order. I mentioned that I had never been before, which is why I wasn't sure what to order, so she helped me choose something (medium, three-shot, sugar-free mocha vanilla latte, I believe it was). Before I knew it, it was my turn at the window to pay. The two guys working the window did the following:1. Said they understand that I have never been before and welcomed me with a friendly handshake and name introduction.2. Noticed Ellie, my Jack Russell Terrier, in the back seat and said said that they had something to give my friend (it was a dog treat).3. Said they had a gift for me, and pulled out a Dutch Bros stamp card with 9 out of the 10 spaces stamped... so I was able come back again for my "tenth" time and enjoy a drink on them. They handed me my drink after I paid, and as I pulled away, everyone working  inside said goodbye! What made the whole thing even better, is that my latte tasted great, too!I'll be back!
4	Great coffee and extremely friendly service.  When I am back in town, I will be stopping by again.
5	Incredible coffee all around, my favs are the Kicker and Annihilator. The service provided is impeccable and I would go way out of my way just to go to a dutch bros. It's that good. Keep up the awesome work guys!
5	Visited Dutch Bros Coffee on March 26th for the first time. What a WOW experience. I mentioned it was my first visit. Each person working in the booth introduced themselves by name through the drive up window, plus an employee in the driveway run up and said hi too. When I received the blended coffee I was asked to try it, I replied it was "good." The young man said if it wasn't great he'd create a new one. I said it was great! Lol. The music was playing, the team was obviously in synch and enjoyed working together. I've never visited a coffee shop with such a strong esprit de corps, plus the coffee was great. I received a punchcard with a couple of extra punches to make sure I returned soon. Today I was searching their website for locations in CA and NV, I look forward to returning to this Tempe site and visiting others as well. Thank you for an uplifting experience!
3	I like Dutch Bros for the most part. The coffee is pretty well priced and it's a nice treat in the hot summer. I've only had their iced coffee, and it's usually pretty watery, but it beats overpaying for burnt coffee at a Starbucks drive-through.My biggest thing about this place, especially this location, is that you have to be ready to schmooze with whatever dudebro or sorority girl is working. They're usually so hyper that I have a hard time not laughing in their faces.I'm nearly 30, and I'm running out of ways to respond when they're like 'YO, DUDE, WHAT'S UP, WHAT ARE YOU DOING TODAY? GOT ANY BIG PLANS?!!!' at 8:00am in the morning. They always seem a little lost when I say I'm going to work. If it weren't for the fact that they're actually at a job of their very own at that very moment, I'd say that they have no concept of what 'work' is and that not everyone has plans to party their ass off on a Monday morning.The forced friendliness and sometimes really dumb conversation from these guys gets old fast. It's become a joke amongst our group of friends about how almost every conversation with the 'baristas' is about whether we're going to a party or concert later, no matter what day of the week it is or how early in the day or how obvious it is we really don't want to chat.Also....their employees are often stoned, and if you have any sort of complicated request (like, you know, putting cream in the coffee) it might be too much for them to handle. The aforementioned stoned workers can also take foreeevvveerrrr to make a drink when they're contemplating the vastness of the universe or whether or not they should go the party the guy in the car in front of us invited them to.
5	I've been here too many times that I feel that the only reason I will manage to obtain my degree was thanks to Dutch Bros. Bless this place.
5	Every time I come here it's a great experience. The employees are super friendly, my frozen Irish Annihilater is always on the spot. You will never desire a Starbucks drink again once you taste Dutch Bros' coffee.
5	This is now my go-to dutch bros location! staff is always quick no matter how busy! great customer service and knowledge of the menu as well!
5	So, i'm not much of a coffee drinker... Or better yet, I wasn't until recently. But even still, if I was a coffee fiend looking for a break, the variety of drinks here is basically never-ending; that is of course, depending on your own imagination. Every time i've visited Dutch Bros, I have always been given service with a smile and my drink was delivered with the utmost of haste. (As a teacher on the go, this is super convenient!) Did I mention, this location is open 24 hours? Talk about too legit to quit.I can always taste the difference in quality of coffee from one shop to the next...mostly because I don't drink it often... so I must say... this here... this is the good stuff. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking to get their coffee fix quickly, and still maintain quality.I'd also like to give a shout out to the young man who was at the window the other day... His name is Cougar and he is quite the worker bee.... He is a great example of what customer service SHOULD be! It's people like Cougar that make me want to come back time and time again... (especially at this location!)
5	Awesome customer service! They will definitely brighten your mood. Great coffee and tea! Every location is great!
5	People are chill. Coffee is great. Music is on point. Walked by my freshman year of college and decided to give it a chance,  best decision ever. I was greeted with a smile. I wasn't familar with the menu, the barista explained everything to me and took his time. Since then I have been going every morning.
5	Good staff, good espresso. I had an espresso the other day from a competitor. The espresso tasted musty and off. I wanted to taste the espresso here before ordering an espresso drink ("is it me?") and the Dutch Bros staff complied and gave me a shot of espresso. Rich, dark, coffee-bitter but not acrid or musty or otherwise off. The employees here were great to us; as first-timers, they started us with loyalty ("punch") cards and gave a run-down of several drinks. Thanks, guys, we'll be back!
4	I frequently visit this place because of the awesome staff and great coffee! But for some reason, a ton of people have been smoking at the seating area. I'm glad they serve their coffee in a cup to-go!
3	You're paying for atmosphere, convenience, and aesthetic - but not for quality. It's certainly not bad coffee - but it's not $7 a glass coffee. However, the place is fun, always peppy, has a great (and universally attractive, both guys and girls) staff, and is blessedly open 24 hours. If you're reaching for a Starbucks, Dutch Bros is a fine replacement but won't impress you as far as taste.Big perk: buy 10 drinks they give you one for free, regardless of size. Don't lose that punch card!
5	I know I can always count on Dutch Bros to have quality caffeine and the most enthusiastic (almost too much) employees. I like to try something new every time; I ask for a different suggestion each time I step up to the window, and they even went so far as to remake a drink the one time they made a drink we didn't like.It's a convenient location for any students studying on the southeast side of ASU's campus, although it tends to get crowded at times.Word for the wise/poor: ask for an Americano with a mix of added free flavors instead of the more expensive fancy drinks. You'll save two or three dollars every time and I actually prefer the taste of flavored Americanos because you can get them a little stronger and they're not too sweet.
5	Ahh feel like heaven when I take a zip of Hot Double Chocolate Mocha....awesome place to hangout especially at night.
