1	Arizona Balloon Safaris is the worst.  My balloon got cancelled due to rain.  There was no rain on Sunday.  I was treated with disrespect by the owner and when asked about rescheduling, was told "I have openings in mid April".  I told him that was unreasonable, as I reserved the ride at the very beginning of Feb, and he hung up on me.  I definitely recommend not wasting your time on a company that has that little respect for its customers.
3	It was my first balloon ride. The flight operator & the crew were courteous & decent at their job. Randy in fact kept us amused throughout the ride. Though at times he was little too talkative :) But no objections. He was doing his job the best.The ride experience underwhelmed me.  At $130 per head, i feel the ride is a little costly. More so because we didn't have a lot of space to move around. 10 of us, scattered in 4 "couple compartments". And we had to share a compartment with another couple. I think it should've been strictly limited to 8 persons.Also, the gas flame was bothersome at times.Pick up experience was good. They waited for 5-10 minutes. That helps when you have to be there by 6 AM !The champagne breakfast post-ride was much-needed. I could appreciate it more if it didn't have so many sugary stuff. But not to underrate it, they did well to provide us breakfast.Randy didn't have to ceremonize the safe landing , by having us kneel down to sing balloon flight song ( don't emember what it was) , followed by kissing the drinks glass. Too melodramatic.Not to blame Randy, but the location of the ride isn''t that picturesque too. Above the Sonoran desert - no charm. But that's the price we pay for being in the sun state :)
5	My husband and I went on our first Hot Air Balloon ride today with Arizona Balloon Safaris.  It was a surprise for me as a 30th birthday present. It was the coolest experience ever. I am afraid of heights but have always wanted to do this. The owner/pilot Randy explained everything and made me feel so much better about the ride.  Seeing the entire process from the balloon being put together, blown up, the ride and then the landing and breaking down of the balloon was really cool. The ride was peaceful and beautiful and Randy was full of fun knowledge. He talked about Hot Air Balloons facts and pointed out things like lake pleasant, the shooting range and the Cardinals arena. When it was over we had a champagne breakfast with the other riders. It was really nice. I would recommend this to everyone to at least try once in their lifetime with AZ Balloon Safaris. The friendly crew and fun pilot made for a very memorable day. Thanks AZ Balloon Safaris
