3	I normally do not like to review fast food establishments, because they are normally large chains that have about the same stuff all over. Fazoli's is a little different. First it is Italian and not the normal burger or chicken place. The food is good, not a great Italian meal that you would find in Italy, but good and filling. It is served hot and fresh. The breadsticks are above average and you get as many as you want. If you want fast food, but not the normal, give Fazoli's a try.
1	If you want "Italian food" that has the look and feel of a Stouffer's t.v. dinner, Fazoli's gets it right.Actually, I take that back.  If you are heating up a t.v. dinner, at least you are guaranteed it will be warm.
1	Very frustrating experience.  Our order was very simple but the cashier couldn't get it right.  While waiting for our food I watched the beleaguered manager apologizing to every table.  Every customer had a problem with their food or order.  We waited twenty minutes for our food and decided to leave.   I have never experienced more incompetence.  Never again.....
3	Food is okay for a fast food Italian restaurant. They bring you our food and they clean it too; it's like they are trying to convert to an actual restaurant with waiters and bus boys. The unlimited breadsticks are for dine-ins only. Have only had one bad service where they took a while for my one meal but they did handle it well by apologizing and giving me a coupon for a free meal next time.
5	Awesome service and the food is great! The alfredo is a bit lighter than Olive Garden which I personally like and the breadsticks are to DIE FOR. Also if you save your receipt there is a website to fill in a survey and you get a free spaghetti/sauce entree (regular sized which is good sized) for the price of a drink (turns out to be less than $2)! This is a great deal because even if you do this they give you another receipt and you can keep getting the deal. Also if you go before 3 they have a good lunch special which is 2 1/2 portions of pasta/lasagna and a drink for $5! Great fast restaurant and the manager is phenomenal!
5	I bought a spaghetti dinner and it was really good food. Hot, tasted good, and decent sized serving for the price. I liked that I got my food quickly and the staff was friendly. There is a drive-thru.
2	The first time I ate at a Fazoli's, I was blown away. They had great sandwiches, good pasta, and a solid business model.  One of my favorite things to do when I was young and poor was to go to Fazoli's to do homework.  I would have lunch, then sit there all afternoon refilling my drink cup and saying "HIt me again" to the girl who came around with the basket of breadsticks every  fifteen minutes.  By the time I was done with my studying, I would be so full of breadsticks that I didn't need dinner.  Fazoli's helped me through college and grad school.  Since those days (many years ago, sadly), they've gone downhill faster than a Red Zephyr wagon with two fat kids in it.  They tinker needlessly with the menu.  Their food has gotten tasteless. And for a time, you had to go ask for the breadsticks instead of having them brought to you.  I used to love their food.  Now, it's just okay. Mediocre, really.  I no longer look forward to going to Fazoli's.  What once used to be a weekly thing when I was younger has become a once, maybe twice yearly thing.  And each time I go back, I remember what used to be and swear that I'll never return.  But those breadsticks--they're like crack, man.
3	Fazoli's is not the first place you think of if you want some good pasta. Contrary to that comment, they actually are pretty good. Menu is small which is a plus for me. You're not overwhelmed by so many options that often times are repeats. The serve a variety of pastas, salads and pizza. I like their Chicken and Broccoli Alfredo Bake. The name says it all. Very simple dish with good flavor a even better portion sizes. It comes with a breadstick, however, you can ask for as many breadsticks as you want which is a really sweet deal. Someone comes around offering tables more breadsticks throughout your meal so you don't have to get up and ask for more at the counter.  Price? VERY friendly!!! You can get a complete meal ( entree, side salad, pop and breadstick(s) for less than $9.C'mon! You can't beat that price!They also cater which I would recommend if you're office is having an event.Overall, Fazoli's is a good place to dine.
