5	We've been coming here for a few years, off and on. I stopped trusting Jiffy Lube for my oil changes. We flip back and forth between this place and our dealership. This is a reliable shop. Saturday afternoon was our day to get some much-needed car maintenance done. It was a little over $17.00, with tax for an oil-change. We didn't get cajoled into purchasing more than what we needed. We also got some quotes for 30/60/90 K service as well (on both vehicles). It wasn't very long, but there were quite a few cars there too. Maybe because we went over to Big Lots across the way (good way to kill time). So, when we came back, all five seats were occupied (so we stood for the remainder). The TV was playing, some magazines were on the table, a vending machine in back, near the bathroom. Behind the cashier, is a dry erase board with all the specials listed, as well, as all the free services that they do, like tire rotation (there were at least 6 services listed for free).  The cashier is nice and pleasant, straight-forward, no BS here, just good service.
4	For my personal situation, this place fits all my needs.I'm the daughter of a former grease monkey (of over 20 years) so its like I have my own personal mechanic. However, I still need an oil change. This place has a really cheap oil change and its usually pretty fast. What I really like about this place is that even though I am a 5'4 chick, they don't treat me like a moron. I have been to many other place where they assume you know nothing about cars just because you are a female. This place understands that I will not purchase any work for the car without my father seeing it first, that I am not a moron, and that I picked up a little bit of knowledge from my father. Other places have deliberately ripped me off because they saw easy prey. This place treats me like I expect to be treated. One time, the mechanic seemed kind of impressed when I knew what a serpentine belt was, and that I replaced one with my brother in a parking lot with only 2 screwdrivers.I always go here, and if your looking for oil changes I suggest this place. The owner is really nice and listens to my concerns!
3	Great for oil changes. I've taken 3 cars here since I've owned them.  They do a good job, pretty inexpensively.   Other than oil changes, I'm a little weary. They told me twice in a row I needed a transmission flush in my Honda Civic, when A) You don't flush civic transmissions, and B) the fluid had recently been replaced.
1	SO BAD!  I mean it.  The whole ordeal is documented.  After already hiring this business to do over $2,000.00 worth of auto repairs and maintenance, I took my 1993 Buick to them when I heard a knock in my car engine.  They say that when the mechanic pulled the hood release, the cable broke.  What could I do but agree to pay over $400.00 for the repair on that since they had already dismantled the dashboard before they told me about it. (I was in the waiting area.)  With this problem needing to be fixed before they could look at the engine, one of the employees took me to work.  They called to tell me that they had to replace the alternator and another large part, ( I cannot recall the name), so, of course I said to do it.  My friend took me to pick up the car.  The employee told me that I needed to drive the car on the freeway for awhile to charge the new alternator.  I started the car when the employee was still standing next to the car.  I heard the knock again.  I asked about that.  He said that they did not get a chance to look at that problem because of the other problems they had found.  I asked whether it was safe to drive and he answered yes. I took the car out on the freeway toward Henderson.  There I was on the freeway during rush hour and 105 degree temperatures when the car was losing power.  I called the employee telling him what was happening.  He said to get off the freeway as soon as possible and try to get the car back to the shop.  By the time I got to the top of the next off ramp, the car was spewing liquids and smoke and steam.  The engine had blown up.  I called the tow truck and my friend.  I rented a car.A week later, Royalty Tire and Brake called to say the car was fixed with a new engine.  Fortunately, I had agreed to take a fellow employee home that day so he was with me when I picked up the car.  We broke down 8 times on my way home.  It kept dying whenever I put on the brakes.  The engine sounded like loud rattles.  I took a little movie to record the sounds.  Then, I tried to drive my friend to his apartment.  The car broke down on my street and would not start again.  I called the tow truck again.  A week later and another car rental, another engine had been installed.  A man named Art said that the company would pay the second car rental bill.  Of course, that was a lie.  After several unreturned telephone calls, we gave up.  I am still paying off a $6,000.00 credit card bill for these repairs.  I hate writing bad reviews, but I feel a responsibility to other single women who may not know anything about mechanics... Don't take your car to Royalty Tire and Brake.  Now that the 1 year warranty is up on the "new" engine #2, the car is losing power on the slight upgrades in the road.  I smell fuel coming through the vents in my car.  I cannot afford to take it in to the repair shop.
1	Horrible business, went to location on Rancho to get a oil change. Notice upon check out they did not use the correct Manufactor Recommendation 5w30. I asked the guy at the desk to correct the problem. He got the manager, manager said, "I will have to charge you for another oil change if that is what you want" my comment back was, "you need to follow the directions they place on the chaises of the vehicle, and not just use any old oil you have laying around your shop." At this point the manager was yelling at me in front of his customers and I was yelling back because the manager Jesse is not a real manager. I was told to contact the Pecos location by the front desk guy and I did, the manager at this location was just as bad as the location I went to-yelling over the phone at me. Needless to say if you are looking for a quality mechanic, try another mechanic and skip Royalty because if they could read they would be using the right parts for the right job.
2	You get what you pay for. 17 dollar oil change equals 1 and a half wait with no other customer or cars being worked on.
4	I asked David at Royalty on Pecos for an estimate on replacing the passenger side CV Boot and shaft on my Lexus.  He quoted a fair price. I wanted some proof that the CV Boot was ruptured before I let them fix it. David had my car put over a pit where he showed me the grease that was thrown out from the boot. So I elected to have them fix it.  I brought the car the next day and they replaced the boot and shaft. So far no problems.  I actually saved $110 for the repair. The only criticism I have is that they took longer than the quoted time to repair the car.I will use them again.
1	these guys change diagnostics multiple times for the same repair, over charge, and don't fix the problems.. after thousands of dollars spent with them for different issues.  i have been financially harmed by their poor workmanshipon march 22nd, 2014 they replaced the egr valve and solenoid for 501.42.  it did not fix the egr system that later had to have the passage cleaned.  the same day march 22nd, 2014  i was also charged 97.24 for the diagnostic, which i was charged twice. on august 31, 2013 they diagnosed the a/c system to not blow cold air due to low refrigerant.  i paid 204.13 to recharge the a/c and it did not fix the problem.on april 29, 2014 you diagnosed the air conditioner not blowing cold air due to two schraeder valves and a/c seals that were leaking.  they repaired those parts, and recharged the system with refrigerant for 350.00.  it did not fix the problemon may 13, 2014 they diagnosed the problem to be a hose that needed to be replaced to fix the a/c.  i paid 172.47 for the hose and the a/c still does not work.  (172.47 for a hose - can you believe it- and that was after arguing with them to cover the labor.  those hose alone cost 172.47 )david is a liar, and will gouge you any chance he gets.  don't let him quote you any prices.  immediately ask for rudy.
4	My husband and I have been taking our vehicles to Royalty for more than 8 years. Rudy and David have always been very honest and fair with us. They have never tried to sell us a service we didn't need. Their prices are great. Our vehicles run very well.  They are friendly and professional. I've never felt any pressure from them. We like doing business with a small business.
5	Rudy and his staff is always taking care of my girlfriends and my car situations. I will continue to come over and over again. Thanks guys!!!!
1	Royalty is the ROYAL RIPOFF !!! The owner of this place is a greedy, selfish and extremely dishonest person !!! BEWARE !!!
