5	Full disclosure, the owner is my neighbor.  So not only would I like to see her store succeed but it also means that I had a chance to try a collection of her baked goods and desserts before the store opened.  And after trying them, I couldn't wait until they opened the store so that I could get as many of them as often as I liked.  Their specialty at the Cake and Cookie Spot are cake shots.    You can go to their website to see the pictures but essentially they put a multi-layered cake into an oversized plastic shot glass.  This is a great idea because since the portions are smaller, you can try all of the different flavors!  We went the other day and got 6 - birthday cake, double chocolate, Reese's peanut butter, cookies and cream, Boston creme and one other that I can't think of right now.  We have only eaten 3 of the six so far, but each one was delicious.  The cake is soft and moist and the icing is perfect.  I'm not a huge icing fan either and usually skip it but I think their icings are one of the best features of their cakes.  They also sell cookies.  We got 4 - the Ultimate Chocolate Chip, oatmeal raisin, snickerdoodle and one other that I don't remember because it disappeared from the bag before I had a chance to see or try it.  The Ultimate Chocolate Chip lives up to its name and is worth the visit alone.  And if you have a dog, don't forget to get a dog cookie for them too.  If you're in Squirrel Hill, stop in.  You will be glad you did.  I was.
5	I never pictured such thing as a hip bakery, but this is it. The store is tucked in on lower Murray Ave., but it's awning is a vibrant as the food! Cake creations only found it San Fransisco, New York and the like. Push up cakes? Really? Sounds weird, but works on so many levels. Cake shots? Sounds weird...but works on so many levels! There is nothing like this in the city.Recently got half a dozen cupcakes and several cake push-ups for my father-in-laws birthday. Ordered the cupcakes a day before (though for a larger order it may be longer) and picked them up early. Staff was nice, place is spotless and very trendy without trendy prices or presumptuous attitude from staff or owner who is a pastry connoisseur. The cupcakes were festive and cupcake-like and the cake push-ups were too cool to pass up (I bought 3 different ones). When we pulled out the cupcakes at my in-laws, they gasped at the coolness and uniqueness of the push-ups. My 2 year old niece ate one without mess right away. No body gasped about the cupcakes though...they're just cupcakes right?...Wrong!!!! The family had probably eaten a million cupcakes between us and have never tasted such a smooth, moist and tasty treat. Personally, I have always seen at least on or two cupcakes left in the pack to rot and turn stale, but these were too good to pass up; frosting on everybody's mouths. My wife is considering using this place to cater her baby shower...yeah, it's that good. Forget the grocery store or the horrific gluten-free places. This place isn't there just to pick up some pastries on your way to a get together; it's to impress the get together once you get there. A must!!!!
5	Been here twice and both times had yummy treats! The cake shots I had we're delish and the gobbs were soft and yummy! I recently had a custom chocolate chip cake and it was so moist.
5	The first time i went here they gave me a cookie for free.   I was pretty shocked.  In case you didn't guess all they have are cakes and cookies.  I have never had anything here I did not like in my three visits.They have these cake push pops that I really enjoy because if there was more the cake beleive you me I would eat it.Go, you won't be dissapoijned.
5	Full disclaimer: The owner is a good friend of a friend.Despite knowing the owners ahead of time, I can't stop saying good things about this hip little bakery.  I have sampled cookies and cakes prior to my first order, however I was not prepared for how amazing a special order cake for my BF would be.  I wanted to surprise him with a custom Ohio State cake for his birthday, and the Cake and Cookie Spot delivered! Not only was the decoration on the cake amazing, but the cake was delicious. Their prices are very fair as well!  Every cookie I've had from here has been amazing, and I can't wait to try the cake shots!!!I can not stop praising The Cake and Cookie Spot, I will be purchasing all my baking needs from this gem of a spot!!!
4	I took my mom here for her birthday. We got 6 cake shots that were very good for the most part.Lemon: I am in loveRed velvet: averageOreo: super stale, and left that filmy feeling on my tonguesmore: okreese: DelishDouble chocolate: very goodThey were out of the almond torte :(I might try this place again. The woman was super nice and the cookies looked great, but I don't know if it was worth the drive. However, I am considering going back, so I guess that's a good sign.
5	I can't think of a more delicious shop that deserves the coveted 5 star rating more than The Cake & Cookie Spot. I was introduced to this place last year when a friend brought a box of cake shots to a get-together. I've been a fan ever since. I even convinced my family to let me buy a box of cake shots from this shop in place of the usual cake from our favorite bakery during a recent family birthday. Needless to say, I am now living with a family of converts!I have eaten a variety of the cake shots here, including the double-chocolate, double vanilla, Oreo, and Party Cake. I have never had a single complaint and only ever wanted to keep coming back to try the other flavors. I honestly don't have enough compliments for these things: they always taste fresh and they're such a good portion size I never have to feel bad for splurging if I only eat one. That is admittedly a challenge, but still!The only downside is that this place is so darn popular it's hard to catch them at a time when they're properly stocked up on sweets! That is probably the best downside any shop can ever have. So seriously, if you walk in and the place looks empty, don't be afraid: there's more coming. Oh, they also have a variety of cakes, cupcakes and cookies that look amazing. I admit, though, the cake shots are my favorite. (What, you couldn't tell?)
5	I Would like to wish these guy's a HAPPY 2 Year ANNIVERSARY ......I stop in here for really tasty cookies every chance I can.I also LOVE the GOB's !  If eating these treats took weight off , I would weigh 14 lbs, but they don't , and I have to behave. If you are on Murray Ave, Please treat yourself to a delicious fun desert and say Happy Anniversary !
5	Cake & Cookie Spot went above and beyond my expectations! I contacted them to make a cake for my co-worker's bridal shower, and not only was it beautiful, but it was delicious! The icing (vanilla) was sweet, but not too sweet, and the actual chocolate and vanilla cake was super good! Also, I've been here before and grabbed cookies and other treats - all tasty! Cake & cookie spot has one my heart and will be my go-to for any cakes/cookies in the future. Oh also - their staff is super sweet and it smells like heaven in there. :)
4	Great service and great cookies! Like others have said, the cookies are very affordable. I also had two cake shots, one was slightly dry, but I did order it at the end of the day. Also, the service was great! I believe it was the daughter who served me, and she was friendly and knowledgeable. Definitely recommend!
5	The food is outstanding, I have sampled so many different items from the cake and cookie spot and haven't found anything I didn't love. The employees are all fantastic, making sure that anyone who has them cater desserts to weddings, parties, etc. are completely satisfied with their work. Can't say anything bad about this business.
5	This is a wonderful little local bakery! Perfect for an afternoon sweet treat, or for catering a group function! We've used them for meetings and events, and guests are always totally impressed. The staff are incredibly helpful and pleasant - always ready to accommodate! The almond torte is my current favorite, but I'm also a big fan of their chocolate covered Oreos!
5	Two words... CAKE SHOTSI treated myself to some cake shots on my birthday. So glad that I did! So innovative, and delicious! I bought a six pack consisting of 2 double chocolate, 2 birthday cake, 1 Reese's, and 1 snickers shots. I never tried the Reese's or double chocolate since my boyfriend got to them before I did, lol. The birthday cake was so soft, rich, and buttery. OMG, my mouth is watering writing this review... Lol. The service was very good. A nice woman waited on me as I decided which flavors to get. Bottom line... Get there!
5	Ordered a birthday cake over the weekend (white cake with vanilla buttercream frosting), and it was wonderful! Tasted great, looked great, and the service was wonderful.Highly recommend!
5	If you are what you eat, I would be cake.  I love cake. I dream about cake. I wish that cake was a real person so that we could be friends.So, needless to say, when a new bakery opens up nearby, I consider it a personal mission to beeline there to sample their offerings. This cute little gem of a shop opened up at the time I was living in Squirrel Hill, and oh baby, am I glad they did.The Cake & Cookie Spot does not disappoint. Their cakes are moist and flavorful with creamy, fluffy, sweet-but-not-too-sweet frosting.  In particular, I really love their classic birthday cake flavor (vanilla cake with vanilla frosting) and their peanut butter cup (chocolate cake with peanut butter frosting) -- but really, all of the flavors that I've tried have been amazing (s'mores, red velvet, oreo, lemon, boston cream, double chocolate, the list goes on and on!)And how cute and brilliant are their cake shots?! They serve their cake in a way that helps control portion size for this fatty AND ensures that I don't end up with a chest full of cake crumbs and frosting smudged all over my mouth a'la traditional messy cupcake-eating methodology. Score!Oh, and even though I am totally a cake monster, I have sampled their cookies as well and those are damn tasty too. They are huge, chewy, and loaded with goodies -- try their ultimate chocolate chip or the Reese's peanut butter cookie. YUM!Even though I don't live in Squirrel Hill anymore, when I get a hankering for cake (which is, um, pretty much all day, every day), I hop in the car and make the 10 minute drive back over to my old 'hood to get me some Cake & Cookie Spot. They are worth it!Overall, two frosting-covered thumbs up!!
5	If you're looking for innovative, delicious, and beautiful baked goods--with built-in portion control--try the cake shots.I came in last Thurs. and bought a dozen cake shots for our long-time lab manager, whose last day was Fri.  I had the woman put in one of every single flavor, and two duplicates--the double chocolate (intentional) and the snickers (unintentional).  It was tough to last 24 hrs. without sampling them, but I managed to do so until our lab's farewell party on Fri.  Everyone in the lab loved them, and many people asked where I had obtained them.  I tried the following flavors: Lemon drop, Boston creme, and strawberries and cream.  Of the three, the strawberry one was my favorite, which surprised me because if I'd had to have guessed which flavor I would have been least enthusiastic about, it would have been this one.  All of them were delicious, however, and tasted fresh, despite having sat around for at least 24 hrs.Prices are a bit higher than at some other local bakeries, but are not unreasonable, and the products are high-quality.  I'll have to return to try the double chocolate and Reese's flavors, which I really wanted to try but which my labmates snagged before me.  The one suggestion I have is that the owners should make a mint chocolate (perhaps York patty?) flavor, and then I'd really be hooked.Give the cake shots a try--you won't regret it!EDIT: This business is now closed.  I wish the owners the best of luck in their next endeavor.
5	I know what you're thinking:  Amanda, do you really feel the need to try every place in the world that sells cake?  Answer: Yes.The Cake and Cookie Spot is the closest thing to the cupcake craze that is still remaining in Pittsburgh.  After a rather stressful advising meeting, and the fact that the 61D was the first bus to show up, I decided I was going to get myself a cake shooter.I walked in, and the interior is cool and sleek looking.  Modern vibe.  The lady behind the counter was just the sweetest (HAHA.  Get it?  Because cake is sweet [I need to sleep more.])  I asked her what was good, and she couldn't pick a favorite thing.  Oh, she tried, but she kept changing her mind, which I took as a good sign.  I finally decided on the Peanut Butter cup cake shooter ($2.50).The chocolate cake was nothing special, on par with a box mix.  But the layers of peanut butter mixed in, and the number of layer was pretty awesome.  The shooters look pretty small, but these are sweet.  I actually utilized mine for two desserts.I also tried vanilla and almond cake shooters as free samples at a store on Forbes.  I like flavors better so I preferred the almond, but both were delicious as well.While other cities are rolling in bakeries, Pittsburgh doesn't have quite as many.  I would say in another city, this would be a 4 star establishment, but it's very good!  I will definitely be back to test of the other flavors!There is a credit card minimum!
5	Their cakes are so good! The bread is so moist and delicious and the frosting is the best I have ever had.
5	Unfortunately, this bakery shuttered its doors on 11/8/14. I'm so sad and going through cake shot withdrawal! :(
