2	I was very excited when my friend told me about this place on Ste-Catherine because they serve Korean BBQ. We ordered two orders of kalbi/short ribs, korean pancake, and a dolsot bi bim bap because one of us is a vegetarian (not a good idea to come here because it's very meat oriented). We were given 4 side dishes to start the meal. Too little, I thought because I am usually given at least 10 different ones at other Korean restaurants. Maybe it's because of the lack of varieties, I felt that they tasted kinda bland.For the BBQ, they used a curved hot steel pan with a gas stove. We started cooking some of the short ribs but we felt rushed because the server kept asking us to add more meat and turn them over when they started to change color. We found that extremely annoying because I thought the point of eating Korean BBQ is so that we can cook it ourselves at OUR pace. It didn't taste as I expected because the marinade was rather mediocre.The pancake was super thick due to excessive batter and too little seafood. That was perhaps the last thing I need after the rice, soup, and oily kalbi that pretty much filled me up. I like mine thin, light and with lots of seafood. The bi bim bap wasn't that impressive either. My friend hardly had any of it. Overall, I am pretty disappointed with La Maison Bulgogi. They have other selections too but if they can't impress me with the classics, I won't even bother trying the rest. I highly recommend somewhere else for Korean food.
4	The food here was delicious! One of the cheapest and authentic meals we got while in Montreal. We got the 4 side dishes to start wth, they were all very flavorful (and free). We order a Kim Chi Jagae? A spicy kim chi stew, it was faboulous. We also ordered a bim bim bap, which was okay. We got bulgogi and a meat special that came with pork, chicken, and beef to cook at your table, all were marinaded nicely. We got white rice with each with the meats. They also gave us a huge side of lettuce to wrap the meat in. Over all the food was delish, service was nice, you can tell its family owned and operated. The decor is simple mom and pop shop, but to me if the food is good everything else doesn't matter all that much. The bathroom was dirty but most smaller resturants are...Would def eat there again.
2	This place is nothing like the Korean BBQ here in Chicago. I was very disappointed which is saying a lot for a person such as myself. I am rarely picky, but La Maison Bulgogi was not that great. The service was too much for me. It wasn't that they were unfriendly, but when I go to Korean BBQ, I like to grill my own food at the table. The waiter kept coming to the table to turn our meat and take it off. We ~a group of four~ had two seasoned cooks at the table. We neither wanted nor asked for help cooking. In previous experiences eatting Korean BBQ, the workers changed the grill often so that it didn't stick and reduce the flavor in the meats. Here, they did not change the grill. When they brought the side dishes out. They only brought out 4 or 5 dishes where I am use to 10 to 15 side dishes. This was very disappointing. Another aspect that disappointed me was their lack of selections for people who are vegetarians. I understand that Korean BBQ is geared towards meat, but some people may want to bring a friend who is not a meat eater. Overall, the experience was not a pleasant one.
3	Very unusual taste for a commonly-named Korean restaurant. You may observe that some the staff is Chinese but from Korean descent (Northern China probably) and the food actually reflects this aspect. Long story short: Korean food with Chinese particularities. Consequently, what you would traditionally order from a Korean restaurant will taste different than expected. First, note that menu is very rich and contains as many Chinese and Korean dishes. I opted for a $34 BBQ meat selection for two. Despite the familiar Korean name of the preparation, the sauce used was way more Soyu-based than usual Korean food. I thus felt that the fusion was interesting and very personal. Note that the food comes with the traditional side dishes such as Kimchi. Aside from what I had, there seem to be some interesting lunch specials.Not an outstanding experience but differently worth trying for a lunch.
4	The food is good  the chocolate cake the best and moist, the people very nice place very clean. the price very hight because New Year  eve, and no far from the Hotel. thank  you.
4	This place comes highly recommended from my Korean friend. So I figured, it should be pretty good eh? And YES.My friend told me that the owners are Koreans who lived in Northern China, so they spoke both Korean and Chinese, which I think is pretty cool. They're not like the other Korean restaurants where you'd listen to Kpop or watch Kdrama all the time. It's actually got a quite minimalistic decor, with incandescent light and all. I think it's their way of saying "My food is so good that you don't have to pay attention to other things."  Whatever the reason is, the owners have always been nice to me. Moreover, they're located next to a Korean grocer. So whenever I have Korean food cravings, I'll go there and stop by next door for some Kimchi
4	This wasn't my first time eating here, I always look forward to coming back. Not only is the food amazing, but so is the hospitality. Their menu is so vast, coming to you in a soft binder, the only problem is not knowing what to order because everything is delicious. They also have a great barbecue option, however, just remember my previous warning about indoor Korean barbecue: the smell will permeate your clothes and will radiate a five foot field around you, animals will follow you home and people will move away from you in the metro... and you'll smell like barbecue.
2	Decided to stop by here during our recent trip over labor weekend.  Food was ok - nothing to call home about. I had bulgogi (which is shredded FYI) and the wife had tofu with squid stir fry. Was a decent meal at OK prices, but it didn't wow us and prompt a return visit.   Not quite what we would expect in a large metropolitan area, but if you are craving some kimchi or other Korean it will do the trick.
3	I go to Seoul Chako so much, my friend suggested we come here for a change...It was nice to try something different. The menu is quite extensive, they have spicy stir fry stuff, and kim chi jiggae, and korean pan cake. They probably have more dishes here than all the other korean restos in mtl, but they don't have any pictures hahaha so unless you know what it is you won't know what you're ordering lol.We ordered the chicken beef and pork bbq meal for two, and a pan cake. you have to overlook the decor here it's not a fancy place, very casual, some would even say ghetto :PThe things I appreciate from this place is that they have the korean hot sauce right on the table, me likes :P  and the meal comes with a heap worth of lettuce for you to wrap your bbq meat in. I'll definitely come back for the non bbq fare, I saw some stuff I really want to try.
2	The menu is extensive, tons of variety - good service. But like others have mentioned, the decor is sparse, and almost very ghetto.However with that said, the prices were ok - and the food was tasty. They provided an assortment of salads, kimchi at the beginning of the meal. They offered BBQ on the table, which is a major plus! And the prices are good too. all in all, very reasonable, but nothing to go crazy about.
2	The place was really... amateur.I can't understand how my girlfriend was served 10 minutes after me, it was pretty awkward waiting for her dish while mine was getting cold. The restaurant wasn't even full, 3 tables at most.I had the Kimchi Fried Rice, while she had some sort of Seafood Stir-Fry. I think the long wait was because it takes time to thaw the frozen seafood. The fried rice was really good, but slightly under-seasoned (hooray for Gochujang!), the seafood dish was bland, overcooked, and very watery.It really went downhill comparing to my last experience here few years ago, portion was much smaller and more pricey, the tables were dirty and the service was just honestly bad.The food was authentic by the way, but they could really work on their service.
4	This place is pretty good at least for the stuff I always ordered. Like their pork and tofu kimchi soup or the pork bone. I saw people using glove eating it so weird so I quietly judge them lol. In all weirdness still like that soup. The owner looks like one of those characters from Korean dramas (if you watch any you'll see what I mean). I just like her quiet but cheerful vibe. It feels a bit homie and their food is pretty good for me
4	Bulgogi stumps me. It pays little attention to detail. It's decor is very dated. The walls are painted this weird green. It's cleanliness seems questionable. And yet, I don't really care. The food is great. My date at the time (who was also Korean) took me there and ordered my meal for me. Forgive me for not remembering the title; I'll try my best to describe it. The dish was a bowl of noodles covered in what looked like black ink. I know now that it must have been an oyster sauce base of some sort, because the saltiness of it was very distinctive. Anyway, this bowl is presented in front of me alongside a pair of chopsticks and pair of scissors. Confused as to what the scissors were for, I ignored them and tried my best to chopstick my way through this dish. LOL, my date must have thought. These thick white noodles were not only covered in this is thick black sauce, they were also uncut. There must have been 3 noodles in the bowl but it pretty much filled the bowl to the top. Finally grasping the scissors purpose, I picked them up and started scissoring my noodles into manageable bites. By this point my mouth and chin were already covered in black ink but this was really my last concern. As disgusted as I was in using these questionable scissors to cut my noodles, I was also really excited to shovel more of these noodles into my mouth. It was an unexpected surprise, I'll tell ya.Since that first experience, I've gone back to have their general Tao and try their hot pot, and each experience has gotten better. I would definitely recommend this place to check out if you're in the area.
4	Like all the Korean food you'll get everywhere else in Canada.
2	We went on a Friday night and it was busy.  We ordered bugogi and ta su seafood.  Bugogi was on the sweet side and not great.  Ta su seafood was a complete miss, too fried, no flavor.  Each table got 4 side dishes.  The service was decent.
3	I used to live in Montreal and Maison Bulgogi was one of my favorite. I love love love Korean food and I always have a craving for it. So after 9 yrs away, I can't wait to taste the food there again. But I was disappointed. Big time. I don't recognize the Korean food taste. You know, there's that unique sesame-ish taste that is quite distinct... Nope, the taste is bland and blah. The service was pretty bad. There were barely anyone when we were there, and the waiter did not even bother to check on us. Our glass were empty for quite awhile, while the waiter was there talking to his friends. I am wondering though, if the owner changed. I mean, 9 yrs is a long time. I heard the people in the counter were mainly speaking Mandarin. Hmm... And one more thing, the bathroom is filthy!
1	Where do I start...I recently had some really good Pork Bulgogi in Toronto that was AMAZING, so I found La Maison Bulgogi in Montreal and decided to try it. What a disappointment, it was bland and the portion was small. We also some chicken wings that were decent but overall AVOID AT ALL COST....The decor was gross, tables are some sort of weird tables that your legs do not fit under. The price was very high for what you actually get.
3	Brought my friend here while I was visiting Montreal.  He never had Korean food before.  He said he enjoyed it a lot.  As for me, the food was good.  Clean establishment and the service was good.
2	Located between Atwater and Concordia, La Maison Bulgogi is easily accessible. Having been to most of the Korean restaurants downtown, I decided to give this one a shot. The decor is very old-fashioned and it would probably need renovations. The place was almost empty when we came for dinner. If you're looking for authentic Korean food then this place isn't it. The menu is very extensive and had a mix of everything, but the food itself wasn't too great. We ordered the kimchi pancake (which was bland, oily and didn't have enough kimchi), the bibimbap (average in size and taste), and - what else- the bulgogi. For a place called La Maison Bulgogi, I expected the meat to be good  but it was overcooked and way too oily. The staff was also rather unprofessional and did not fill our water even once for the one hour and half we stayed. Portions are average and on the pricey side. Overall, I wouldn't go again.
