5	This is the best Greek food I've had in Vegas. I love that it's a little mom and pop shop, and I don't have to go to a fancy sit-down restaurant to get good, authentic Greek food. Their dolmades (grape leaves) are the best I've had, and their gyros are big, filling, fresh, and delicious. Their Greek fries are also yummy. It's a little on the pricey side, but for the quality and portions you can't get much better.FYI their location has moved from Eastern to Maryland and Silverado Ranch, just a couple miles west of the old location right behind Chase bank.
3	This place is a mixed bag, and I don't know if it gets a 3-star review on account of the lack of decent places for gyros south of the 215.The pros: #1) pita is flaky and moist, almost like a gordita flatbread. #2) vegetables used are clearly fresh. #3) the tzatziki sauce is stronger on the dill than the cucumber, which adds a different flavor profile than you normally find in gyros - less refreshing but more exotic. #4) The staff is very friendly.The cons: #1) meat is sliced too thinly and not piled high enough. #2) entirely too much lettuce filler - even the tomato and onion seem drowned out. By lettuce! At least it's romaine and not iceberg. #3) diced, instead of sliced, onions & tomatoes make for a messier sandwich and less flavor impact. #4) the price (nearly $10 with tax!)On the whole: a tasty, but unfulfilling sandwich made from high-quality ingredients. Overpriced, but super-friendly staff. Like I said, a mixed bag.
4	They have moved their location from Eastern & Silverado to Maryland and Silverado. Not too far from its original location.I've eaten at Yanni's Gyros twice now. Both times being EXCELLENT.The prices are a little expensive but you pay for what you get, right?! I got the chicken kabob plate. It comes with two chicken kabobs, basmati/orzo rice and a side salad. I LOVE THE RICE!! It is sooo delicious! A little bit oily but full of flavor! This plate is pricey about $12.95 for everything but you do get a lot of food.My boyfriend got a gyro combo. It comes with a gyro with choice of meat, a drink and a side. Choices of sides were hummus, dolmas, babaganoush, fries (or greek fries) and I think that was it. I had my boyfriend get the dolmas! The first time I got it, the rice was a little warm, which made me think they were freshly made. I always see the same man, who I'm thinking is the owner. He is very friendly and nice.
5	My boyfriend and I finally tried this place a few months ago, and we are positively HOOKED!The service is always spectacular. The owner treats us like family and welcomes his customers with open arms. You really feel comfortable in this restaurant! The food is always very fresh and consistently good. I'm what you would call a regular, and eat there almost every week.The gyro meat is delicious and flavorful. My favorite item on the menu is their Lamb Gyro wrap - I get it on a whole wheat wrap. it is delicious, satisfying and filling.  The only downside is that it's a little on the pricey side, but it is worth it for the quality of food you are getting, and the excellent friendly service!
4	Ok here's the thing... I looked stunned when I saw the prices. It's just lunch, a quick bite before i'm once again shackled to my desk and almost $9 for a Gyro seems a tad much. But I drove there to try it and a few extra bucks won't derail the plan. I got a traditional Gyro and some greek fries for a co-worker. First, the Gyro is amazing. The pita is FRESH, the tomato...the sauce...all fresh and delicious. The fries...holy (insert greek god name here) these things are crisp, flavorful and just yum. feta cheese...some sauce with a little heat. REALLY GOOD!So, yes it's a little pricey but you get a good portion and it's delicious. I can understand that starting a little gyro place can't be cheap so the prices reflect that and since the ingredients are so good it may be somewhat appropriate. If you are hungry...go. Easily the best greek food I've had in vegas and for dinner it's a no-brainer
3	First note: Yanni's moved about one year ago to the S. Maryland Pkwy address. Dinner: My wife had the lamb gyro with Greek garlic fries. She was very pleased with the flavor and freshness. As she ate only 1/2 of the gyro, I get the rest tomorrow. I had the special with Greek salad. The salad was very good, just the right amount of a great dressing, fresh crisp lettuce, tomatoes and cucumbers, etc. The chicken shish kabob was served over a very pleasant bed of buttered fried rice. The chicken was seasoned nicely and was very tender. Will we return? Yes. It's a cute little place and food is priced reasonably.
4	I've tried Yanni's Gyros when it was located on Silverado Ranch and Eastern. They didn't serve fries with it then. It was pretty big and yummy. I liked how they had the option of getting it in a wrap (wrapped in tortilla rather than pita bread) or regular. I opted for the wrap so it's easier to eat. haha It was a pretty big size came out looking like a giant burrito. haha Anyway, both are really filling. I was sad they didn't have fries though. They also did not have a soda fountain. Had to pay an extra 2 dollars per drink for soda bottles. It's a cute ma and pa place. They got the mom, dad and the son working there. It's a little expensive but aren't all gyros expensive.So, I noticed that they moved to Maryland and Silverado Ranch. I noticed that now they have fries! I really want to go back and have some gyros with garlic fries. Hubby and I went inside and checked out the menu. It was 8 dollars and some change for the gyro and 3 or 4 dollars for the fries. We decided we can spend 8 bucks on an entree elsewhere. We left! One day I'll have to order from there on my own. Hubby doesn't enjoy gyros much.
5	This quaint little spot def isn't as cheap as the reviews would lead you on to believe. $10.95 for a gyro isn't what I would consider cheap combo, but it was for the quality of food you receive! The lady friend and I enjoyed the food while watching Monday night football was more than cute and enjoyable...plus the owners throw in of an on the spot desert more than has me wanting to come back to this place! Oh yeah...def try the fries!
4	I like the feel of this place, really great atmosphere and it's small but not too crowded.  For some reason, as I was sitting and waiting a scene from my head played out.  It felt as if I was being drawn into a reality where the people seemed family oriented and they were serving gyro's right near the beach.  All right, back to reality.....The guy who took my order seemed lovable....he was more than happy to take my order.  I ordered the Combo for $10.95, a little pricey for lunch but I gave it a try.  It came with a gyro of my choice: lamb, chicken or falafel (I chose chicken), regular fries, or greek fries (me being me, I took the greek fries), and a soda.  The gyro was very bomblicious, I could do without the onions and maybe take the sour cream down a notch....but other than that it was amazing.  I've never tasted gyro's before so I have nothing to compare it too.  The greek fries were interesting, a little spices did give it a kick but nothing to brag about.  This place will indeed have another return.  I hope to order something different, but the gyros = DELICIOUS!
4	not alot of gyros options in town but this is a good one...i get the combo with greek fries...i do wish they had fountain soda instead of cans...i hope they do enough business to stay open.
4	when i get homesick for chicago, and i need some culture in Vegas, I come here. The gyros and authentic and they remind me of my childhood and greektown. the greek fries are yummy too!the only thing that i can complain about is that when I went with my boyfriend, it was DEAD. it was a little uncomfortable, but whatever! the food was awesome.
4	I've now eaten here a couple of times, the first time having the gyro with Greek fries and the second time with the gyro platter with salad.  The food is good and they get it out to you hot and fresh.  It may be a little pricey but its well worth the money.
3	I had a gyro here a couple of weeks ago, it was $8+. Was shocked for that price than you get 8 paper thin slices of pre-packages gyro meat heated up in a toaster oven and put on pita with toppings and sauce. No complaints about toppings, pita, or sauce but for $8 for just a gyro it should be the real deal.
1	A microwave? Really? And who uses styrofoam anymore? NO comparison to the Greek Bistro in Henderson. The meat was precooked and dry, and the owner was weird.
1	I had high hopes for this place based on the reviews.  All I can say is that when you think about a gryo you think of the highly seasoned meat being sliced fresh off the spit and put into a nice warm pita.  This is not the case here.  Their meat is that generic looking pre-sliced stuff you would normally get at a school cafeteria.  Yuck.  And...the amount of meat, not that is was any good, was minimal, especially for the price.  The garlic fries were okay, more like hot sauce fries with feta than garlic fries.  Don't waste your time here.
4	It's hard to find a place around town with good greek food, family owned, friendly, and clean. Yanni's Gyros had all of these things.  Very friendly people, tasty food, and most important of all, very clean.  There feta fries were pretty good, their gyros are very tasty, and a good size for the price.  The tzatziki sauce was very tasty, and one of the best I've ever had.  I will definitely be going back again.  As a professional cook I recommend this place to anyone who wants a tasty lunch.
4	My friend took me to this place because I was craving Greek food and its really hard to find a good place. Wow this place is delicious! Its a family owned place and the family is so so nice. Very cozy little joint. I got the traditional gyro with lamb w/ french fries and my friend got the gyro with chicken and baba ganoush with warm pita for dipping. When they brought us our food my eyes just about bugged out of my head, such a big serving! Everything tasted amazing and I will definitely be returning.
5	Yanni is awesome...I like to call him my uncle cause I go there a lot and he hooks you up. The best greek food I've had so far. Can't compare. It's to the point where I wouldn't go anywhere else because nothing taste as good as how he makes it.
2	It was OK.  the Hummus was bland & the food took like 20 mins to come out.  didn't think it was that affordable either.
1	Terrible food, terrible service. The owner is mean and nasty. I went there about 20 minutes before they closed and ordered two chicken dinners. What they gave me was something I could not identify, by it definitely was not chicken and it stunk really bad, like they were trying to get rid of some old meat at the end of the night. I wanted to call them and leave a message and I found out that their listed phone number is no good. I went in there the following day and asked for a refund and the obnoxious owner started yelling profanities at me while I was holding my 1 year old baby in my arms. He refused to give me a refund.  I used a credit card so at least I can go through my bank to have the charges reversed.
1	Terrible food and terrible service. The owner was very rude. I ordered chicken gyro plates to go. What they gave me was not chicken and it smelled really bad, like they were trying to get rid of some old meat at the end of the night. I took the food back and asked for a refund and the owner blamed me and started yelling at me while I was holding my baby in my arms. He refused to refund my money.
5	LOVE, love, love this place! Even still after I moved. I've yet to found any place that can compare to Yanni's Gyros. I'm so proud of myself for discovering this little gem!I'm not a big fan of lamb, but I seriously enjoy their lamb gyro. Their tzatziki sauce is so good, I always want to ask for more just to dip my gyro before every bite. They stuff their gyros with a lot of onion, that's a plus for me. And their hummus is delish! It's the best hummus I've ever had. I'm so addicted, I wished they could do shipments! I also had the pleasure of trying their garlic-feta fries, what a brilliant creation, it's a little spicy but you just can't stop eating it. I always make a pivotal stop every time I am in Vegas. They are pricey but it's money well spent.The family are also very kind. I hope everyone continues to go here, I want to keep them in business forever!
4	Solid Greek fast food.THE TZATZIKI SAUCE IS AMAZING!!!I got the chicken gyro combo with Feta French fries and a drink which set me back about 9 bucks. The gyro is packed with thinly sliced chicken, lettuce, tomatoes and lots of tzatziki. The entire gyro was not the best I have ever had but the tzatziki sauce sure was. Have I talked about the tzatziki sauce yet? The Greek feta fries were deliciously crispy. I was a little disappointed because we went before noon and they said the spanakopitas were not made yet. Sad! The people are very friendly. Also there are cushy seats with pillows to sit on and enjoy your tzatziki drenched whatever!
5	Food is great and Yanni, the owner, is too.  I couldn't tell you what to order as I get just a plate of Gyro meat with a side salad. It's not on the menu and Yanni always remembers what I order.  One of my lunch time favorites!!
4	I've been told that Vegas isn't really known for it's Greek food. Milos in the Cosmo is good, but I guess the person who told me this was referring to Gyros and the low-end Greek foods. Yanni's was good! My brother, his wife and I were on our way home from the grocery store and Target (a very wild Vegas evening, right?) and we called in an order. Picked it up on the way home. What stood out to me was the Tzatziki sauce. They make sure you go home with a lot of it, too. Slathered that stuff all over my Gyro and french fries. Yum! The Gyro was HUGE, too, and there was no way I could eat it all. Two people could easily split one with a side order of feta fries.Good enough for me, but hey, I'm no expert on Greek eats!
3	What Yanni has going for it is the warm and toasted pitas. They are easy to lose count on. If my meal only consisted of that component, I would probably have been extremely happy. The Babaganoush was not bad either. My friend and I had each ordered a Gyros Combo. I got my lamb sandwich with the eggplant dip and he got his with regular fries. Both side dishes were good. The sandwiches were where we had most of our issues. The pita was yet again the best part of the dish. I also loved how they stuffed the massive gyro with fresh lettuce, tomatoes, and onions. The tzaziki sauce was bland and had no real distinguishing character. And then there was the meat. This uniformly thin sliced cut had no texture or flavor. Instead of getting a nice crisp char like the cone style meat, it did not enhance the pita at all.
2	This place has pretty good tzatziki sauce but the chicken Gyro meat is FROZEN.  This is just unacceptable for a gyro shop. The owner is very nice and the service is good. Unfortunately the meat was not very good.
5	Let me start off by saying I love gyros.    It's been a torrid love affair ever since I was a young boy and I'd look forward to going to the fair more for the gyro my dad would always buy me moreso than riding the Super Sizzler afterwards.   Pretty sure if I tried that 1-2 combo in my ripe old age of 32 that I'd need to be hospitalized immediately afterward.I find that important to note because I literally have never had a bad gyro, much like I've never had a bad chicken finger.  I could probably locate the worst rated Mediterranean restaurant in Las Vegas and still enjoy a gyro there.  ALL THAT BEING SAID, I absolutely covet the lamb version from Yanni's.  Stuffed full of fresh gyro meat and then covered with bright, fresh tomatoes lettuce and onions and then topped off with their delicious tzaziki.  Get an order of their fries smothered with feta and hot sauce.  To be honest the fries themselves arent spectacular, but anything covered with feta and hot sauce becomes a masterpiece to me.Service has always been pleasant, and the price is decent for the quality you get.EXTRA BONUS COMMENTARY:  It's not a JAI-RO.  It's a YEE-RO.   If I hear you say JAI-RO I will smack you.   And then you will probably kick my ass.  But hopefully my point will have gotten across anyhow.
4	I have had many a gyro, and I can safely say Yanni's is fantastic.  The ingredients are fresh and delicious.  I have to agree with some other folks here, while the "fries" in the garlic fries are not themselves outstanding, when i discover upon opening that it's been PRE-SMOTHERED in buffalo sauce and feta you have won my vote hands down.  Well-played!The hummus is not the best I have ever had, but it's pretty darn good!
4	I had to contribute to what I thought was a place that does not deserve the stigma of a 3.5 star review. For gyros in Las Vegas, this easily earns 4 stars. We ordered takeout and I had the chicken gyro. Even with the short drive, it was still delicious, as if I ordered it straight from the restaurant. The veggies were crisp and fresh, which alone warrants positive points in the desert valley. The seasonings tasted authentic and the meat was tender and juicy. In a perfect world, the price tag would be a little lower, but for what you get it is worth it.
5	Yanni's is one of our favorite restaurants.  Also, the owner Yanni is always helpful.  My personal favorite dish is the Lamb Gyro Salad.  It comes with warm pita great that is always delicious.I am looking forward to trying more dishes there soon.
5	Found this place from Yelpers, and they were right (well, most of them).  We had a fantastic meal (actually 2) and it was pretty darn cheap.  I admit, I had a bit of envy when my girlfriends chicken gyro came out - but I just stole some so it worked out.In fact, if we didn't want to try so many different restaurants we would have visited again before we left town.  This was definately the best part of staying at that part of town.
4	The food here is good, prices are reasonable, and it's conveniently located. The only reason I do not give 5 stars is because unless the owner is there the quality of the food goes down. Also, the size of the drink cups is laughable, give the customers bigger cups.
4	I stopped by Yanni's recently on my adventures to Smith's.  The place is lacking some style but the Lamb Gyro I had made up for it.  I ordered the Lamb Gryo platter with fresh Hummus and warm pita chips on the side.  Unlike another review here, I thought the Hummus and pita chips were delicious.  I have simple tastes and this hit the spot perfectly.  When the Gyro came out a few minutes later, it was nicely presented and tasted like what a traditional gyro should taste like.  The ingredients seemed fresh and had plenty of flavor.  The price was about $12.00 for the whole meal.  Not too shabby considering the amount of food I received plus drink.All in all, it was a decent lunch with crazy music on in the background. :)
5	I may not be Greek but I've had my fair taste in the food and this spot knows what they're doing.   It's nice little corner store in the Smiths shopping plaza with a good amount of character and a staff that makes sure the place is clean and comfortable.  I've only had the lamb based entrees as I found it to be full of flavor and a lot of heart put into the food, the Greek fries, hummus, pita bread, salads, and even the baklava were full of heart and flavor.  I try and stop in here when ever I can the cost can add up quick here but the food always leaves me feeling full of life.
4	standard.  good fast greek food.
5	Best Gyro I ever tasted! Fantastic!
5	I love this place I go here at least once a week. I always get the lamb gyro with garlic feta fries. The garlic feta fries are my favorite part of the meal. I also like that they have combination meals. Gyro, choice of side and a soda. I also love that Yanni's is a family owned restaurant. I would highly recommend eating here.
4	We stopped in here for Sunday lunch.  We had the gyro combo (your choice of gyro on traditional pita or in a tortilla). We chose to get it on a pita because gyro on a tortilla just didn't sound right. For the combo you also get a drink & your choice of side which I appreciate because most Greek places have you buy your sides separately. Options include regular fries, garlic feta fries, hummus, salad, soup and more!  The Greek garlic feta fries were delicious! The sauce is addicting! Wish the gyro meat were thicker... here it's sliced like deli meat. It was still really good though. Even our 2 year old loved it! Only drawback is slow service. Will be back when the craving for Greek hits.
3	Wow lots of haters! Wonder if Yanni had a bad day or something....I was pleasantly surprised with my lunch. I had the gyro & hummus for my side. I thought the lamb had good flavor, was cooked perfect and the tzatziki had good flavor as well, a little more dill than I'm used to but it was still good. The gyro was big, and my pita bread & hummus side was fresh & flavorful, and it came with a drink, for $10.95 you can't beat it! My only issue was, I went to the counter to order some baklava to go, the lady behind the counter had her purse on top of the cutting board, alI could think of was her purse was just on the floor, nothing like a little E. Coli to go along with my lunch. If I didn't witness this, the rating would've been higher. I was a bit creeped out.
5	I ate at this restaurant for the first time last week thinking I was stopping in for Greek "fast food" and I was pleasantly surprised to find that it tasted nothing like fast food. It was the real thing! Everything was so fresh and homemade. I had the best Greek salad I have ever eaten.  The lamb was so tender and tasty. My husband ordered the baklava, which I have never liked, but I tasted his and ate the whole thing! He had to order another.  I plan on ordering a tray of it for Christmas Eve.
5	Wow can't believe there's bad reviews!! People are crazy. This spot is awesome! Nice family owned. They're super nice and the gyro, let me tell you! It's the best. The only one Ive had close to it is the Greek bistro on marks st. Also the pita bread and hummus is great. I'm yet to try more things!
5	Yanni's Gyros, my latest addiction. Indulge in Mediterranean, food and enjoy your food with a very laid back ambiance.A friend of mine recommended this  place, and im glad he did. I would have never guessed this place was delicious, nor did they exists! I ordered the lamb skewers which were to die for! It came with rice pealoff  and feta salad and I also ordered babaganoush ( eggplant).The lamb skewers was grilled to perfection tender and juicey, the Feta salad was so good and the leaves were all fresh, could not find anyhting wrong with the meal.The babaganoush was my first time trying it. It's simliar to the hummus but made with eggplant very delicious as well.The service was great, really friendly and answered all the questions you had.I will be coming back to this place, love it!
3	A small shop located off of Maryland Parkway.  I have gone here twice and it has never been busy with customers but they are always packing to go orders.  I think Yanni's is the best Greek food in town.  It is real Greek food!  I ordered the Greek salad fileld with cucumbers, tomatoes, olives, onions and my favorite FETA cheese!  Portion size was great and so were the prices.
5	I think I might have a new favorite place. Try the garlic feta fries!
4	I went here it was pretty good.They ran out of beef and gave me a mix plate and it was good.So was the greek salad. It tasted a lot like the whole foods greek salad only a bit cheaper which is nice. I'll come back here again for sure.
5	best place ever!! come here every friday. food is great & service is amazing!
5	If you want authentic Greek food, this place is where to go. Servings are huge, and the flavors are amazing. Not to mention a great staff. The garlic Feta fries are to die for. I always order the Lamb gyro plate. The salad is always fresh, the dressing not too tangy. Their rice alone is so good I could eat it by itself. The tzatziki sauce is one of the best I've ever tasted. This place continues to deliver quality food each time and never disappoints.
5	I've been a fan of Yanni's food ever since he owned The Greek Village Cafe over on Eastern. I was SO sad when that place shut down, but thrilled that he opend up Yanni's Gyros.I used to dance here, my friends hosted a Tribal Fusion Belly Dance night, and that tiny place was always packed, but the service was always stellar, even when the restaurant was filled to capacity.The quality of the food is second to none.  I have a few favorites, but the spanikopita and the greek gyro salad are my go tos.I don't get to come out here very often anymore, as its a little far from where I live, but its in the same shopping center as the tattoo parlor my friends and I frequent, so its tattoo day food. :D  Highly recommended.
5	Right across the street from my house, love it, family owned and fresh tasting. Nice warm atmosphere. The garlic Feta Fries rule.. Great portions for the price..A must for Gyro lovers and foodies!So happy i can walk to it, when the weather gets cooler
4	Must try. I'm from Chicago so I am vey bias to good food and especially Gyros but I felt obligated to leave a review about Yannis. I'm sorry but no place in Vegas has been able to compete with food from back home that's why I give Yanni's an A-. But honestly for once I was impressed by not only the taste but the presentation, portions, and unique way the Gyro I got was prepared. It was madd fresh, literally fresh, and there were 2 layers of lamb that sandwhiched the veggies and homemade sauce that may I add was not overpowering or too spicy.  The meat did seem pre-sliced but I cannot say, by the tasting it, that is was frozen or processed. Lsst but not least the Garlic fetta fries with their hot sauce was very good and caught me off guard they were so good. Not great 1st date food but when you have a craving for a Gyro and some fries that can stand on their own Yanni's is definitely a good look. And the price wasn't too bad. 2 people could definitely share it unless you're just in the mood to be fat and spoil yourself,LOL. I personally couldn't finish it. Worth giving a shot and worth the drive..
5	Five stars are not enough.The first thing you'll encounter is the super-friendly staff. Everyone is so nice; it's like walking into your friend's mom's kitchen when you were a kid. The menu is clear, concise, and compact. What it doesn't tell you is that the portion size is enough to feed a hungry bear. That was a pleasant surprise.I got the lamb gyro combo, and the dolmades. I love that they don't drown the gyro in dzadziki sauce. The meat is spiced properly, and there is a freaking ton of it.Fantastic.
5	This is a GREAT place for gyros! They look and taste better than any advertisement you've ever seen. They also have awesome sides, the hummus is to die for served with warm, fresh pita bread. You can tell everything is home made here and made to order.
5	Quick review: best Greek / Mediterranean food that I have found in the Valley. Reminds me of the Greek restaurants I grew up on in NY. Large portions, fresh ingredients, great color and smell that you would like to see from an "authentic" Greek restaurant. Say hello to Yanni and get ready to feast! In depth review: I typically do a large take-out order once a week from Yanni's. It never fails to "wow" me. Small family owned business in a strip mall on the busy corner of Maryland and Silverado Ranch Blvd (around the corner from Sushi Mon). There are about a dozen tables inside and two tables outside for people who want to "dine in." Take out is prompt and they can have your freshly made order ready in under 15 minutes typically. My recommendations are as follows:- The Lamb Gyro plate (plates come with large portions of meat on top of rice and a generous side salad, Pita bread and Tzatzikii sauce). - The Chicken Gyro Plate- The Chicken Club Sandwich- Amazing Gyros (they are large)- Garlic Feta Fries (my favorite and quite possibly the best "side item" on their menu)- Large and fresh saladsI suggest you order extra Tzatziki sauce as it's homemade and delicious. The small container they give you is never enough. Only complaint would be that the small space gets smokey as the landlord has not properly vented the space yet. They claim it is being addressed. Front doors slide open and they typically vent out the room. Also to the person who gave them a star below and said it was frozen "Steak-Um" meat - you are 100% wrong. Authentic Greek restaurants use a vertical rotisserie method of cooking Greek gyro meat. They thinly shave the flavored meat and it will resemble "Steak-Um" meat in appearance but I can assure you it will not taste like it. Yanni's cooks right in the open and you can see what they are doing. It's delicious! This is a solid restaurant and I have no issue giving it a 5 Star Rating on Yelp. Keep up the good work Yanni and family.
5	Super fresh, and really tasty. Came here for the first time today- the garlic feta fries are insanely good. We ordered the chicken kabob and dolma. Sooo good. You get so much food for the price. Will definitely be back
5	What you don't find in many restaurant but you find at Gyros is not only the freshness but true authentic food. It hits home every time I go. Look forward to my next visit. My favorite is the Gyros Chicken Platter with the amazing fries and when it's cold you must try the soup.
4	What a surprising find!  We needed something great, inexpensive and fast while in the neighborhood. This totally fit the bill. The feta garlic fries were a eclectic treat. Yum!
5	Lamb Gyro w/ Garlic Fries.  You can't go wrong with this combo. Make sure you check in w/Yelp to get a free side.  Everything here is delicious. Authentic taste.
4	Gyro was very good - good size portion too.  Not enough tzatsiki though.
3	The gyro was decent and filling. I didn't find it to be as good as some reviews indicate, but to each their own. It was fairly busy on our visit so I expected a wait, but it was about 30 minutes before we received our food. Far too long in my opinion.
5	I can tell this food is made fresh! Tonight I had the Hummus, Greek Salad and Traditional Gyro....WOW it was all excellent! Yannis is family owned and everyone was very friendly....they even got me to try their homemade Baklava even though I was full. Of course It was so good I finished it. Thanks for a Great meal!
5	What can I say, I love the food. The place is clean and the people are friendly. The price is affordable and the service is quick.
4	Yanni's Gyros impressed me. I ordered a Lamb Gyro and let me just say, holy sh!t that thing was f'ing huge! It was packin! I have a BIG mouth and still I was struggling. I felt like I needed to summon my inner garter snake and dislocate my jaw to eat the damn thing. It was gigantic! And YEP... That's what she said! *snicker*So... absolutely NO ordering the gyros if you are on a first date here ladies! On second thought, that includes you men too! That is, unless you want to show off your skillz getting down and dirty with your big mouth. Small mouths need not apply! Unless, of course, you want to get all dainty and show off your badass table manners with your plastic knife and fork cuz that would be equally impressive. Haww!Summary: Big portion size? Check. Good food? Check. Cash register lady nice? Check.Scoreboard:  BB 1 - Gyro 0It sure put up a good struggle but I let that thing have it!!! That thing didn't stand a chance!My Advice: Bring your big ol' mouth and appetite over to Yanni's Gyros and they will not disappoint. Be prepared to get nickel and dimed over their yummylicious tzatziki sauce though. It's 50 cents a pop for a small plastic container of it. It is good though, like people say, and I guess they know it. Hold tight, Yanni. It was good for me too! I'll be back for more real soon next time I am feelin the need for all that tasty Greek meat. ;)
4	This place has always been a favorite of mine.All you need to know is that their Gyros are the best I've ever had.  The lamb meat is so tender and and the z sauce is perfect.  The are $8 but they are big and tasty.You can also get a nice combo with fries and a drink for just $2 more.Give this place a shot.  It feels like a small ma and pop shop (but I don't know if it is corporate or not).
5	The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it. The staff is extremely nice and will happily tell you all about the food. Everything is fresh and has a homemade but better taste to it. I LOVE greek food and am very picky about it tasting authentic. This is the only place to replace my favorite greek place that closed down a few years ago. Love the food and staff. I will definitely be a regular customer!
4	Very solid Greek food! A great family run place, with fresh, delicious gyro, falafel, pita, salad and souvlaki. They are always super friendly and easy to get in and out for lunch pretty quickly!
3	Ok place. Lady at the counter no so helpful. Ask he about the menu and she just read off the menu to me. Food ok. Equivalent to Daphines to me.
5	We were in on Valentines Day and wow were they crowded but the food is always worth the wait! As always the traditional Gyro & Greek Salad were terrific! Also ordered some lamb and chicken skewers with the rice and these were great as well. This is my favorite greek go to place. They make the food fresh and we always taste the difference!
5	Our favorite Greek spot in town. Best fries on the planet!!!
3	I was craving a gyro the other day and stopped here on the way home. It was my first time here. I ordered the lamb gyro. I don't know what it was but something was missing from it. It was okay but definitely not flavorful. The staff was very friendly which makes me want to come back here and try other things from the menu.
5	This is my favorite Greek spot in Vegas. The restaurant is operated by one family. I get the same warm welcome everytime. The garlic fries are so delicious. I get the beef and lamb with rice. The portions are perfect for one person. Great price, Love this place!!!
5	THE best gyros, salads, hummus, and overall Greek food in the valley. Period. The food here is AMAZING. Not one thing on their spartan but delicious menu isn't excellent. Don't let the simple cafe set up of this place fool you. The food is top notch, fresh and bar-none the best.
4	Yannis is great quick Greek food. I haven't had a bad meal here yet and I've been coming in since they opened. Everyone that works here is incredibly nice and helpful. I would recommend them to any of my friends!
5	I have been craving a gyro for a while.  I finally tried this place after driving by it many times when they were closed.  The gyro is really good.  Greek salad is really good, and the spicy garlic fries are also really good.  Customer service is really good as well.  I may have found a new favorite spot in town for this kind of food.
5	This is my go to for gyros.  I love the paper thin meat great flavor profile.  The topping are perfect and the tazeki sauce is so good I always ask for extra. The feta fries are so tasty. If you give them a try you get cravings and go regularly. I wanna try other things on the menu but I always am satisfied with the usual.  The family is really nice too defiantly worth supporting. They all work so well together. ..
5	Their hummus and basically everything on the menu is so on point !!! I absolute love this place. If I could eat this everyday I would !
5	The food was delicious!! Tried the lamb gyro and babaganoush. The gyro was legit!!! Good size and great flavor. Babaganoush was just ok, tasty but not the best I've had. Will def come back for that gyro again!!!
4	Really delicious! lamb gyros are amazing there, super fresh and flavorful. I'm pretty sure this is a mom and pop place because I tried to buy some baklava the other day (which is delicious and amazing as well), and the woman who was there-- I believe one of the owners, said she hadn't had the time to make anymore that day *noooooooooooooo*
5	Yum, yum, yum....need i say more?   Expected fast somewhat mediocre greek food....got the most delicious lunch!   Be sure to get the grilled chicken salad!
5	I was exhausted and starving after being in a car all day. I was snacking on fast food during my mini road trip to vegas and was going to a family party at night. I was in a huge dilemma, either wait for the party food and keep getting hungrier (and crankier) or get something really quick close to my family's house! I had my boyfriend drive me around the nearest plaza and I decided on eating at Yanni's. BEST DECISION EVER.I ordered their chicken gyro to go and basically devoured it all during the 4 minute drive home to my cousin's house down the street. My boyfriend also had a couple of big bites. At first he said didn't want any, but when he saw my gyro he basically ate half of it because it smelled, looked and was delicious.Such a great greek food establishment! Chicken was tender, juicy & flavorful! Pita was toasted just right! The tzatziki sauce was on point! It was huge and fills you up leaving you very content! Im disappointed i didn't try more on the menu...but next time i'm back in vegas, i know where i'll go!
4	I absolutely loved my gyro and garlic feta fries. While I was here, a lady told the owner that she visit her family in New York and in Greece and told her she loved how authentic the gyros were. Me? I wouldn't know if they are authentic or not, I just know the gyro I had was wonderful. Moist meat, right amount of sauce too. Also something unique that I've never had before was the garlic feta fries, these were very good however I must warn you, do not have these fries on a first date or if you need to speak customers at work. Very, very nice people here, they seemed to be friendly to everyone. I didn't try their baklava but the table next to me raved about it so I'll try it next time because I know I'll be back next time I'm near here. Some reviews may say these place is pricey, but I just think those people are cheap, prices were in line with other gyro places. I got the gyro meal for $10.95 which included a side and drink. Totally reasonable. Try this place I think you'll like it.
3	I've not had Greek/Mediterranean food in awhile.  Was craving a gyro and baba ghanoush.  I ordered the combo platter with each item.  I was disappointed to see they use the frozen, thin, pre sliced strips of packaged gyro meat.  The menu said the meat is lamb.  When you say it's one thing - it shouldn't contain a blend.  This gyro meat is certainly a blended product.  Typically bad.   While I sat and looked at the gyro I had to make the best of it.  The pita was fresh and warm.  Other than the gyro meat the rest of the internal garnish in the product was fresh, crisp, and the tzatziki sauce was refreshing.The baba ghanoush was ok.  It lacked color and texture.  I would hope a fresh made product (crossing my fingers on that one) would be a bit more robust and chunky.  This could be accomplished by fire roasting the eggplant. They tried their best to dress up the dish with a nice floral arrangement of sliced  cucumber.  I sadly had to add a touch of hot sauce to give it a little flavor.   For around $12 you get a gyro, side, and a drink.  Not too bad.  It would be nice to see them utilize a better gyro meat product.  I'll try it again.....I will stay away from the gyro meat and try one of their other dishes
3	The gyro pita was ok. Not a lot of flavor, though. We also had the chicken pita which my girl said was pretty good. The fries were super and the babaganoush was interesting. Great service.
2	I don't get the hype.. When compared to some of my favorite Greek/Mediterranean places such as the The Greak Greek, this place falls short...way short. This is the first Greek restaurant in which I saw Tapatio sauce on every table. Maybe I am behind on a new food trend, but Tapatio sauce does not scream Greek to me, it screams "run!". I ordered their every day special combo consisting of the traditional gyro wrap with a side of garlic feta fries and a sparkling water for which I was charged additional $.50. After tip this came out to be around ~$15. I don't mind splurging if I feel the food and quality are worth it.The wrap was BLAND...now I get why there was Tapatio sauce! They were so stingy with the Tzatziki Sauce and the meat had no flavor. The fries were nothing like the feta fries at The Great Greek.. they were some  weird fusion with a buffalo style sauce on them. I was starving and pregnant so I finished most of my meal..not like it tasted bad..it just didn't taste like much of anything. The quality of the food does not warrant the prices charged. There may have been a change in ownership, because I refuse to believe that this place is an overall 4 star rated places.
5	Soon as I stepped in I get a hello. ( you know they are on their game )First time here and they took their time with me helped me out finding a meal that I would like. I got the classic gyro and fries.The gyro was mouth watering good. They have some of the freshest toppings I have had. The fries..... Omg the feta cheese on them just add a taste that makes you want to jump for joy. I will always be back.
4	I love this place, the only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it is slightly overpriced but they do give you really large portions. I have been coming to Yanni's since they first came to this location, they are so friendly. I always get the Lamb Gyro Combo with the garlic feta fries YUM! I love it!!
2	Overhyped. One of the worst gyros I've ever had.
2	I think I may just start making all my Greek food at home. The hummus was lacking flavor and the pita that came with it was stale. The tzatziki was watery and there was no where near enough on the gyro. The gyro was also disappointing because the meat was just salty. This is a common problem. Chefs often confuse salty as being properly seasoned. Spice racks have more than one spot for a reason. The baklava was inedible. It was so dry and stale but had a pool of ooze at the bottom. Yanni's food is as terrible as the music produced by the man bearing the same name. It is an assault on your pallet.
5	Been here several times during the last few months and we have yet to be disappointed. The gyros are the best I've ever had.  The lamb is well seasoned and sliced thin. The tzatziki sauce is creamy and garlicky with just enough dill. The hummus was good, but not great.  The babaganoush however is one of the stars on their menu. Not being familiar with this particular dish, we were expecting something entirely different and we were pleasantly surprised with how good it was. The soup is lemon chicken and very refreshing. It is a perfect compliment to the rest of the menu. When we first saw the prices we had a little sticker shock but once the food was served and the quantity given we feel that the price is justified and a good value for the money.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! I have their number saved in my phone and order pickup almost once a week. The lamb gyro with their spicy garlic fries is so yummy!Staff Is so nice and the food is always delicious :)
4	This place is great with good prices to boot.  Went in for a pick up of lamb wrap, garlic feta fries and grape leaves and everything was amazing.  Everything was hot, freshly prepaid and super tasty. My family on my mother's side is Greek and this is the closest thing I've had in vegas that can come close to home cooking.
4	I am such a fan of a place with great customer service and quality food and this place has both! The gyro's are amazing moist and full of flavor, the guy who took our order was friendly and when my fries were too spicy he remade them and even offered me a baclava on the house! It was not even their fault i was just new to the place and didn't know the sauce on the fries were hot. The place has good foot traffic and even with that the quality of svc and food is great. The resturant is nice and clean as are the bathrooms which is nice. Its nesseled in a little shopping strip infron of the smiths so sometimes on my shopping trip i stop in for a bite to eat. I would recommend anyone looking for a great gyro to check this place out
4	Still my favorite local place to stop for greek/mediterranean Only downside is the pita. That's where pita house has them beat because they make it fresh. Everything else is great.
3	Overall Yanni's Gyro was ok. It has a good atmosphere for casual dinning and takeout.Food: I was surprised there wasn't a meat spit for the gyro and all the meat was magically and uniformly sliced. (we suspect the ingredients was a pre-purchased product)I also find it strange there is buffalo sauce in my garlic Greek fries since I never knew buffalo sauce was a part of Greek cuisine.Pricing: For spending $22.00 we got a combo meal and a salad.Portion sizes: Filling for 2.Although the food is good, be aware it is Americanized Greek food.  If you're yearning for traditional Greek food, this may not scratch your itch.
