3	Me and my homies party a little too hard the first night and end up blacking out. Next thing you know we are at a massage parlor in china town at 4:30 in the morning. The girls here are really fobbie but are really nice. $40 bucks for a 30mins massage and $70 for an hour. i guess after a long night of drinking, this would be a good place to hit up.
1	I moved from LA to Vegas and it sucks when you leave the comforts of home and your surroundings.  My old massage place offered a half hour foot massage and half hour in the tuina chair massage all for $25.00.  I guess since this place charge $40.00 for half an hour, I expected a lot more.  I was looking for a place that would rub out my shoulder blade because it felt really tight so my roommate and I drove around Chinatown looking for a legit massage place. We came to the Asian Spa because we ate at the BBQ place next door to it and figured we'd check it out.  It seemed legit because they offered other beauty services like hair, nails, etc.After we inquired about the rate we decided to move forward with the massage; I was already having my doubts because the lady seemed so pushy.   First of all, they make you wear a little disposable thong.  That in itself already made me feel uncomfortable because I'm used to being fully clothed.  Next the "masseuse"  named Coco (I hate to use that term masseuse because I don't think she was trained as one) went to town on my back.  She kept saying that she was strong and that everyone always comes back for her.  I sincerely doubted that.  She was hurting me and after I asked her to stop hurting me, she hurled an insult to my by calling me fat.  It was all downhill from there.  After the 30 minutes was up, I felt worse than when I went in.  I couldn't bend over to put on my socks and shoes.  I could barely walk and they found it funny.  I also felt very nauseated which has never happened to me after a massage.  I left feeling worse than when I arrived.My roommate was already waiting outside for me so I think they may have shorted us on our time.  I should've looked at the start time and finish time.  As I was leaving Coco screamed at me to pay her a tip.  I felt obligated out of fear to tip her but she did not deserve it.  I tipped her because I didn't want any problems.  I figured I would never come back to that place again.  My roommate was very disappointed with his experience too so I know it wasn't just me that felt ripped off.  After we left, I told him how I felt suckered into tipping her and he told me he had already tipped her for the both of us.  Suckered again!  I think I will have to go through a few places in town and rely on my fellow YELPERS for guidance until I find the right place for me, but if I can save you some money and some trouble, please heed my plea when I say DO NOT GO TO ASIAN SPA.  It's the one located next to the real kick ass Korean BBQ place called Sura.   Coco can suck it!
5	Asian Spa is the perfect place to come after a long day at work. The ladies working here are super friendly and great at applying a lot of pressure to work out all the knots. I felt super comfortable with the ambiance and the masseuse  . I would recommend giving this place a try if you need to relax, unwind, and let go of the stress from the day!
5	I don't get many massages, but I tried this place out when I was in Vegas because a friend recommended it very highly. It was excellent. Service was prompt and the women working here are very professional and accommodating. The ambience was perfect and I could tell a lot of work went into it all the details of it. I left feeling super relaxed. All in all, it was a great massage and I'll definitely visit this place again when I'm in town.
5	Went on a recommendation from a friend. I found the staff to be friendly. They greet you right away and get you going as soon as possible. the prices were reasonable. and the massages comperable to what you would find in a pricer spa. all in all I consider it a  great experience.
5	I got a great message at the Asian Spa in Las Vegas. My back muscles were aching so I tried Asian Spa. Asian Spa gave me the best message I ever had. This place was very relaxing and clean. The staff treated me great. I recommend Asian Spa in Las Vegas to get a great message.
1	Read the reviews and they were all great, so I checked out the website and said ill give it a try. The website said walk ins welcome so I just drove over which wasn't a short commute. When I arrived the door was locked and said ring bell for service. I rang the bell and waited, someone yelled something but never came to the door. I decided to call while standing outside. A lady answered and I asked if they were open and she said yes. I said I'm standing outside can I get a massage, she responded with "I'm busy and with a client"! I asked if and when I could get one and she said she didn't know and to call back in an hour!!! Are you kidding me?!?!? Worst customer service ever considering walk ins are welcome and they are open 24 hours! Lame
