4	I am not even going to lie to you.  I thought this place looked awful from the outside and I almost skipped it.  I have to mention this because otherwise you'd look at the place, figure I was drunk when I wrote the review or something, and feel the same way.  Boy was I surprised.  This place is really cool!  I've only been there once so far, and I can't wait to see all the other ways they are going to use this really great space.  There is a long main room, a huge area to the left of the entrance, under a set of spiral staircases that lead up to an office, and a bigger area to the right of the main space, that includes a few more desks and the kitchen.  SO much bigger than you think.  They had some great hanging and installation art.  And an interesting mix of modern and funky with some more traditional water color style.  I'll definitely be making this trip again, and would suggest you do the same.
4	Don't let the outside fool you ... this is a HUGE and equally beautiful art gallery.Don't miss this place on your First Fridays walk (it's right next to Carly's).
4	This is always a must visit on First Fridays. There are always interesting pieces here.It's an open & tall gallery, but they put up partitions to hold more.The art is even "live" sometimes.
4	I recently held my wedding reception at this gallery. Don't let the looks from the outside deceive you. The space inside is beautiful! My wedding reception was amazing and we got so many complements on our choice of venue. In addition, the event coordinator Riette was a pleasure to work with. Monorchid is a part of downtownphoenixvenues.com which has many other great venues also!
5	Amazing event space!  I first visited the monOrchid a couple of years ago during first fridays. It was my favorite building. Flashforward to looking for wedding venues, when I heard we were going to check it out I was almost already sold on it.  Our event turned out better than I thought is was going to visually. It was the exact atmosphere we were looking for, we didn't want a cheesy banquet hall with floral carpets or a golf course like most people do and we didn't have a lot of money to spend on other places.  This place was right in our budget and was easily one of the highlights of my wedding. Riette runs the place and she couldn't have been more enjoyable to work with, she was easy going and didn't really put a lot of restirctions on us for what we could or couldn't do.Overall, with some family members in the wedding industry, it's hard to find things that are new to them and have that wow factor. This place just had it all.
5	I own a PR firm and have my workspace in the loft at monOrchid and LOVE it!  I have been visiting the art gallery and attending events in this fabulous space for years, and it's one of my favorite buildings hands down in downtown Phoenix.  I also utilize it for events of my own and for clients, and everyone who walks in the doors falls in love with the building's architectural details and history.
5	I have worked with monOrchid for the past 2 years, and I do not know of a more involved and determined owner to make sure a beautiful building like this remains in downtown and open to the public.  Not to mention we have had some of the most beautiful weddings I have ever seen there.
4	This venue is just begging you to have a party in it! From the outside, it looks like a rundown warehouse, but inside, well inside it's a whole different story! Cool artwork lines the walls, there's great architecture with open beams, high ceilings and plenty of space and a coffee shop shares space. It's pleading for a party with funky music, trendy entertainment, tasty food and hip people.
5	I've been to several art shows at monOrchid, and had the opportunity to organize a Get Your PHX event there earlier in the summer.  Take a look at the video, you'll see it's got a lot of versatile possibilities.  I'm especially excited to see the new workspaces, as my Hip Veggies endeavor involves artists and its Roosevelt location makes it easy for me to organize a day of meetings convenient for who I do business with.In the process of spending time at monOrchid, I've become friends with Wayne, and love his enthusiasm and love for collaboration.  He's come on board as a featured HV artist, and has been very helpful along the way with ideas that will benefit anyone we end up teaming up with.  Be sure to take advantage of the building and the team player and figure out a way to work with monOrchid.  You will not be disappointed.
5	MonOrchid is style, class and the quintessential symbol for Phoenix culture.No matter what context the space is used for, it's always top notch.
5	I recently had the opportunity to cater a small event at MonOrchid and I have to say, if you are looking for a unique, artsy and really special venue for your event, this place is it!  I could easily see how the space could lend itself beautifully to weddings, bridal showers, as well as corporate or team building events and I would love to see live music there--I am sure it would be a stellar small concert venue as well.  As an added bonus, Wayne, the owner of the MonOrchid, is such a personable guy, making it a real pleasure to do business in his amazing space.
5	MonOrchid founder/owner Wayne Rainey has been at the core of the downtown art scene for well over a decade and has emerged as the leader in my opinion after a restructuring of the scene and loss of direction, focus and most of the long term leadership. This building with it's roof structure is a hidden masterpiece along Roosevelt much akin to the Braggs Pie building is on the adjoining Grand Avenue arts district. If not for Mr. Rainey's dedication to art and downtown I seriously question if there would be much left. He has stood the test of time in the face of unpopularity and even hatred from some who have come and gone (my Urban Abode Gallery included) and he continues to keep art alive in Downtown Phoenix and should be commended for his dedication.
4	I had my wedding at this venue. I was so excited to have my wedding at this amazing art space. We worked with Riette, who was great, she checked in on us once a month to make sure all was going well and to help us with any planning issues. She made time to meet with us and our vendors, she was overall very good. So why only 4 stars? Well, for one, they have 6 choices for caterers (which is fine) and their reasoning is to ensure that all of the caterers know the venue and how to use the space effectively...well, our caterer did not seem familiar with the space at all and was doing all sorts of odd things (cooking outside by cell phone light....*cough*) so I think maybe they should rethink who they suggest. Also, I know you can't control the artwork that will be shown at the wedding, which was fine with us because they usually have such amazing modern or funky art....but for our wedding, they had (and no offense intended) some really poor photography that looked like it was shot by a high schooler that depicted all graves. Yes....all graves....and not even pretty graves, like plain crosses in the desert....it was not artistic or funky as their displayed work generally is, it was not good for photos, and it just generally disappointed and depressed us (there was cool artwork in the cocktail space, though, including a painting of a giant middle finger behind the bar, which we thought was kind of funny). Despite these small details, I would definitely recommend this venue if you are thinking about it for your event.
5	The monOrchid is an awesome place to see Art, to have a wedding, meetings, or whatever you could think of for a gathering of people.  The conference room has just been upgraded.  The main gallery space Shade Gallery is big enough for a wedding of about 200.  There are 2 studios that are great for rentals at a reasonable price.
1	Terrible host for events. Charge 10$ to get into show. Standing room only. An had to be the worst sound system ever. Used one speaker from a boom box from the 90's that had to of been blown years ago. An the place didn't turn the a/c on. It's Arizona in the summer time, quit being cheap an turn some a/c on for goodness sakes. Place needs to get with it though charging ten dollars for an armature event an not having proper setup for the guest attending. Won't be back here or recommend this place to anyone.
5	My husband and I were married in Massachusetts, but wanted to celebrate with our friends in Phoenix as well. While searching for a venue, I found MonOrchid on Yelp and assumed they were way beyond my price range (I had visited once during First Fridays and LOVED the space.) I emailed for pricing information and quickly heard back from Stefanie with details. I was surprised that MonOrchid was a few hundred to a few thousand dollars cheaper than other downtown Phoenix venues. Stefanie told me that we could use our own caterers and alcohol, as long as we hired a professional bartender. If you've hosted an event, you know this is a savings of another couple thousand dollars.Stefanie was great at helping us decide on a layout for our event. She made suggestions and allowed us to visit on several occasions. She was especially helpful in contacting our vendors to confirm details. On the night of the event, Stefanie even lent a hand in putting a nice cheese tray together while I was busy. She found a perfect balance in being friendly with our guests and not being distracting. Parking isn't perfect at MonOrchid, but there is plenty on 2nd & Roosevelt. This is a great, unique space that could be used for any kind of event.
