5	Delicious food! Very authentic, which if you know real Mexican food, you know guacamole and sour cream are not always part of the dish. The owners are also the cooks. Reminds me of moms cooking.
3	Friendly, personable staff, good food and large portions.  I'll be going back again to see what else they have.  The California burrito is huge, but a bit on the dry side because we believe missing the guac and sour cream.
3	Went for the first time today... I ordered the chile verde combination... The food was ok not much of a wow factor but it wasn't bad. The service was great! I will come by to try something else. So I guess until next time I'm hoping my review will have another star.
5	Been here three times. Every time, service is great, fast, courteous, and attentive. Ceasar is a very nice guy. Last night he took the extra time to explain things for me. I appreciate the attention. Every time we come we try one new thing. We always get tacos though!!! The soft tacos are AMAZING!!! The hard shell tacos are huge, but just as good. My husband says he could drink the salsa with a straw. Last night we ordered a "torta" this is a Mexican style sandwich. Beans, your choice of meat, Pico, lettuce, tomato, guacamole, layered on a hoagie style roll that has been grilled. The "torta" is not for me. My husband loved it. The asada fries are my personal favorite! Get them with carnitas, CARNITAS ON EVERYTHING!!!
5	Been there several times and the food is authentic Mexican.  It is family owned/run restaurant. Soups are exceptional.  Owner will make tortilla fresh if you ask. Everything we've eaten have great homemade favor, portions are large, and they will make your meal hot or middle, just. Oh, prices are very reasonable.   Can't beat that! We'll be back many times.
3	Definately family owned, bad part about small restsurants like this is that they dont hire actual waiters...usually a son, daughter niece handles this task and the downside to this is when there are more than 2 occupied tables service gets a bit sloppy but, everyone is very nice. Now to the food, if you are a menudo or pozole (pork and homony soup) fan please give this place a shot, tortillas are hand made for menudo and the pozole is made with niztamal which is the original way to make it. All the other dishes we've tried are good but, nothing to go crazy over. Ill come back for pozole for sure.
5	Such a great mom+pop Mexican place! Authentic food and you can taste the freshness! I recommend to all my friends!
5	Yes the Son waits on tables and Mom cooks. I am white and blessed to have Mexican friends with Grandma's that make unbelievable soups. This place is right up there. Try the albondigas (meatball) sooo good. Lots of veggies. Check them out! We need to keep these great home cooking places around.
4	Great authentic mexican reminds of Moms home cooking,  too bad they don't have a liquor license so my wife can enjoy her micheladas!
4	So far so good:: it's kinda slow/ the salsa lacks something?? But it's salsa non the less, they have tv and a projector for parties:: I live where there hardly is no food:: so something in a corner like this sometimes can be surprising:: I had a cheese quesadilla :: hmmm:: and SURPRISE :: it was great:: came out hot, had all my cheese melted:: best of all a quality cheese taste.. Also the Chicken Shredded Enchilada passed go as well! Red sauce was good.. Again a huge surprise and a Happy Yay:: cause I live near this resturant:: The only down side is the bar next door and the smell leaks over :: bummer:: Service was at first non existent but then it turned into being cute! Mom and pops shop!
1	My husband and I got chicken burrito to go. Later I found big ass blonde hair in my burrito ewww. Not good
1	Went for some Menudo and was very disappointed with what we got.1. No "granitos" 2. Kind of cold.3. No Handmade tortillasWe order coffee Nasty cheap coffee
4	food is real authentic, staff is  friendly nice place
4	Food was yummy! Authentic Mexican food. The BF rarely ever says Mexican restaraunt are good because they can't beat his moms cooking. He actually liked this place and said it was good! The only reason they get a 4 is because it is a little bit unorganized. It's obviously family owned and operated. Everyone is very friendly. We just couldn't tell who worked there and who was a patron. Uniforms and someone greeting as people walked in would make it a 5!
5	This place was great! We knew the owner from a previous restaurant he used to own and when he sold it, we stopped going. I'm so glad we found him again. Food was authentic and greatly priced. Service was friendly and super fast! And their menu has a wide variety of options which is awesome! I am definitely will be a returning customer!
5	I drive by this restaurant every time I go to the gym. I love great Mexican food and their food totally hits the spot! I had a wet shredded beef burrito. The meat was super tender and the green sauce was flavorful. I will definitely come back!
3	The food here is actually good! I would definitely come back again. The reason for the 3 stars is because the service lacks quality. Takes awhile to get your food plus the waiters are not very attentive. Also the decor of the restaurant could use a makeover! Tables and chairs in the restaurant don't even match, there are rips in the chairs. Overall it's OK
5	Went here last week. This place is amazing. First off, it's very clean and everyone was really nice. Second, the prices were very good. And third, the food was authentic! Amazing dishes. I had chicken enchiladas with rice, beans and a salad. Loved the sauce. Reminded me I grandmas cooking. Maria our server was really nice and fast. And of course like every good Mexican restaurant, the chips and salsa were on point! Definitely going back again.-Joe
4	Tried Lina's first time last night. Got order to go. Was just reopened by original owners who bought it back a couple of weeks ago. Previous owner defaulted. I got wet chicken burrito w/red sauce, really good, had a lot of chicken. Wife got cheese enchilada also very good, plain for my taste though, I like spicy. I agree with Joseph S review, but only gave 4 stars for now as we got order to go haven't tried dine in, definitely will soon.
5	11/13/2014Approx. 6:30 pmParty of two, decided we should support the local community restaurant.LINA'SWe immediately were greeted by the owner, seated and started with drinks, and Quesadilla appetizer. It was delivered hot, with all the proper sauces. The guacamole is excellent. We order two combination dinners that were hot, delicious, and very filling. All food is prepared and made fresh including the floor tortillas.The prices were very inline with economy.The owner answered all our questions, and the service was 5 Star.
5	The menudo is delicious, is the best munudo I have tasted in vegas , the place is clean and organize. Give this restaurant a chance you will not be disappointed.
5	Lina's is a diamond in the rough. At first, I was a little reluctant to try the place out because, let's be honest, no Mexican food is as good as homemade Mexican food. However, I was pleasantly surprised.Lina's has a clean, open atmosphere. Almost immediately, my party and I were greeted and seated. Our waiter, Cesar, was absolutely fantastic about explaining the menu and very patient with us as we made our selections. He made it a point to make sure we were happy with our food and that we had anything we needed or wanted.The food was amazing. It's about as close to homemade Mexican food as you'll get. Cesar suggested the Awesome Wet Burrito and I would highly recommend it, as well. The menu had many options and was easy to read. Everyone in my party was tremendously pleased with what they ordered. PS: The California Burrito is HUGE! Cesar mentioned that Lina's is family owned and operated, which made eating there more special. He also mentioned that Lina's shows UFC and boxing with no extra charges. The restaurant has a projector for the customer's viewing pleasure.I would highly recommend Lina's to anyone I meet. The warm and welcoming atmosphere and service combined with the food that tastes like it's straight out of abuelita's kitchen were MORE than I could have asked for on my quest for good Mexican food.
