5	This place is amazing! Everything homemade and you can't beat the prices. Food comes in a timely manner and the staff is friendly. Have had several items off the menu and each was as good as the last. Working close is an added bonus! Have been to this place several times and look forward to future visits! Would give more then five stars if I could!
4	Great little restaurant...friendly service.  It's only been open 3 months now.  Good specials and portions....great Southern Italian flavor.  Lots of eggplant on the sandwich,  great flavors, fruits in the salad, sweet sauce on the pizza. Will definitely be back to support this small, tasty business.
5	Came by this place on Yelp it only has two ratings but we wanted some place close and this sound good and we are sooooo happy we found this place!!  They scratch make their sauces, dough and pasta in house!!  I had Fusilli al Pesto ($8.95) it was amazing lots of creamy pesto sauce all over these fresh made pasta noodles mmmmm! My hubby and son both had two slices of cheese pizza and a soda ($7) the slices were huge! Then my husband couldn't resist and ordered a stromboli supreme! The veggies in there were very fresh I could see them slicing up the veggies in back and the meats were very good there was pepperoni and ham. The stromboli was put together fresh that you could taste everything and it all went very well together! This place is fairly new only been open for about 3 months the staff is very friendly our server Guitano ( sorry if spelled wrong) was awesome once he found out my Hubby's family comes from Sicily like him he talked with our son about the different places there and showed him on a map where he was from, he was great very nice! So far can't say anything bad about this place. I highly recommend this place!
5	Easily the best pasta in town. Everything is home made and I haven't had an alfredo sauce this good since forever. From the appetizers to the desert everything is great. I've eaten here multiple times and never been disappointed. The tiramisu is amazing my wife's favorite.
5	Amazing food! Great friendly people. You feel at home eating amazingly food. It wasn't very crowded so the guy took time to learn my name and check up on me and the meal I ordered. I had the spinach ravioli and it was light and delicious and well flavored. I also had the wonderfully garlic garlic knots - to die for. Can't wait to come back as try more
5	Maru's Bistro has the best pasta and garlic rolls we've ever had! The Penne Arrabbiata was spicy and flavorful. The Ziti al Forno was smooth, creamy and cheesy. The pasta on both dishes was cooked perfectly. The garlic knots were amazing! Everything was absolutely delicious and the service is great. We will definitely be back every time we visit Las Vegas.
4	I'm always looking around for some new Italian spots around town, and I can definitely say I'll be coming back to try some more things. I got linguine with their salsa rosa sauce (pink) and the pasta was definitely fresher than other places I've tried. I'm thinking they could be house made! The sauce could use a little bit more flavor, but regardless I stuffed myself to the max because I couldn't stop eating it! I also got their pepperoni and Marus house pizza. The ingredients tasted fresh, but it did taste a tad salty to me. I think this place is great and definitely deserves some more attention! I'll be back next time I get an Italian craving!
5	Have you ever had a food craving that just took over?  Today was one of those days.  I wanted pasta and I wasn't going to stop until I got some.  As I was driving home I passed a car with the license plate "Maru" which reminded me of the YouTube celebrity kitty from Japan.  Then once home I began searching yelp trying to find my perfect Pasta fix. When I stumbled upon Maru's I thought it was a funny coincidence but the reviews of fresh pasta got me hooked, plus they offered a check in special.  So with lightening speed I hurried on over there with my boyfriend. We were greeted immediately and the service was very attentive and friendly.  I changed my order after looking over the menu and it was handled with graciousness and charm. Finally decided on cannelloni stuffed with spinach and ricotta served with tomato sauce and my bf got the Quatro formaggio. Both were prepared fresh and tasted delicious. My cannelloni was like a cloud of yumminess. Perfect.  I'll definitely be going back to try the rest of their menu.
5	First of all, I would like to apologize to the delivery guy for my little chihuahua jumping all over him. Second of all, sorry I didn't have any bills to tip you and had to tip you with a bunch of quarters. Anyway, I'll be a lot more prepared next time, if you will be so kind as to come back and deliver for me. Maybe I'll pick up the food from now on. Oh, on to the food. Their chicken Alfredo pizza is so delicious. If it were a person and I were single, I would ask it out. Their ingredients taste so fresh and the dough, OMG that dough seems like it made it up to heaven when they were tossing it around. I have never been to Italy, but if this is what real Italian pizza resembles, I'm booking a trip there next year. I also had the pasta carbonara, which was a little salty for my taste. Otherwise, all the flavors were there.The only negative thing is I was only able to eat one slice of pizza, because I was too full after that and some pasta. Haha Well, that's not really negative, is it?
5	This place is AWSM! The fresh pasta is incredible & the Sicilian pizza brought me right back home to Chicago (not easy 2do!)Talk to Chris if you can - he rocks :)Oh & ALL the desserts are BBBBOMB!DELIZIOSO! Ciao!
5	This restaurant is awesome. The pasta is homemade not out of a box. The service is outstanding. Great atmosphere.
5	Had to order the Marsala again ( my cravings were keeping me up nights!) and it was just as brilliant as the time before- in fact I want some NOW!!!!!! Also tried the tiramisu & it was great (usually I'm not a huge fan) but I'm still shocked & pleasantly surprised at how top of the line & what a class act Maru's turned out to be!Way to go Maru's! Keep up the great work!
5	Ok this is getting out of control lol I'm ordering 2 ( yes I said 2) orders of the chicken Marsala this time! I can't take it !I LOOOOOOOVE it toooo much!Also the Sicilian again - tryn the pasta fagiole this time too ;) I'll let ya know!
3	Id like to say the pizza was better...but it was average. Not amazing, but far from bad. On the plus side, deliverey was cheap (like $1.00) they were super nice on the phone and the delivery guys was nice too. The rest of the large menu looked intriguing and ill probably try a pasta or a sandwich in the future.
5	This place literally saved my life. Lol. (Of course that's a bit over exaggerated, but it felt like it at the time)So it's 9pm, I'm working a night shift at the office and I was painfully hungry. Unfortunately for me I had a super craving for spaghetti & meatballs. Nothing else sounded appetizing at all.This place didn't even come up on my Yelp at first, so I had tried to order from another place, 20 minutes go by & I'm getting excited for my food, when instead I receive a phone call telling me that their driver went home for the night. Seriously? Why did you accept the order & charge me then? It was frustrating, but whatever, I start searching again & now I'm getting frantic because it seems like all of the places who have pasta are now closed... I find this place & call immediately. Didn't even stop to look for a menu. Super nice gentleman takes my order, tells me it will be here in about 25 minutes. Fantastic! That's half of the time that the other place said. The guy who delivered was even early (THANK YOU, sooo hungry!) Got my foodies all nice & hot. Totally hit the spot. Meatballs were huge & super juicy. Pasta was amazing. And of course, garlic bread! Mmmm! Everything just tasted fresh, so yums! I seriously only got through half of it, there was so much food. Pretty much got two meals out of it. The price was really good for the amount and quality of the food that I got. Since its conveniently near my work & it was so good, I will definitely be ordering again, I won't wait until I'm starving next time though. I'm seriously looking forward to trying all the pastas & pizzas. Thanks again guys! Totally fantastic!
5	First time here. Gaetano's service was A-1! The food was fresh and homemade. Found restaurant on yelp!  We were visited by two different men during our meal both very pleasant.  Very clean and nicely decorated. We will definitely be back.
5	Great food, helpful staff with lots of suggestions,  and great food!  They have lots of choices and great service.  Everything I've had tastes perfect.  If you like pizza and other Italian style treats stop by.
3	After reading a story about Maru's, I decided to give it a try.  I drove there and ordered a Sicilian style half pizza with four cheeses.  The gentleman wanted to make sure that I knew that each of the cheeses was an extra topping.  I also ordered mushrooms but there were none.I waited for the pizza to be baked and then I brought it home.  The pizza was good and large enough that it provided 1 1/2 meals.  They gave me a small bag with lots of napkins and extra cheese and three packets of crushed red pepper.  That's a nice touch.I was pleased with the pizza but I'm not sure the value is there.  $20 for a half Sicilian?  And, it's an extra drive for me to go here.  I can get the same or better only 2 miles from home instead of going to Maru's.  I;m glad I tried it but I'll stay with my tried and true pizza vendors.
5	Fabulous service and food! We will be going back very soon! The Maru salad with Italian dressing was wonderful. We bought a 12" pizza that was perfect with all organic ingredients!
5	Great slice. Awesome chicken parm. Pasta made in house! Top it all off with great service and you know your at marus. I will be frequenting this place you should too.
3	The menu is a bit pricey but the quality is fairly solid- didn't try their pizza, but $14 for a GF cheese pie special doesn't sound like a bargain to me. Their site is easy to navigate and online orderings are super simple.Eggplant parm app, $9, 4 slices of breaded eggplant with a sprinkle of cheese and a cup of marinara to sauce yourself to the preferred level. Forgettable. Empanadas; $2.10 each, don't ask me why an Italian joint has empanadas on the menu, just know that they're really good. The spinach initially caught my eye but the beef was way better- even taking into account that the cheese inside wasn't even melted. Whoops.Garlic knots; $5, oiled and seasoned well but somehow a bit lackluster. Wonder if the dough is the same they use for pizza, seemed on the plain side. $20 takeout order was fine but I'd only return for the empanadas or to give their pizza a try. They offer gluten free and sicilian, I just don't typically shell out the prices they're asking for takeout pizza- price is more on par for specialty or high end shops.
2	The food here was good. The take out service was friendly. The atmosphere was not welcoming. I never understand  a restaurant that doesn't get how a restaurant needs to fulfill multiple items or why be in business? If you want done in customers, cater to dine in customers. Have a real coke soda fountain... Try a freestyle. Use real restaurant commercial napkins, utensils and cups. Don't try to be frugal with the small stuff especially while charging premium prices.Pizza, lasagna and zeppoli's were good!
5	Went in to grab a menu. I was greeted by a wonderful man named Joe. He described some of the items on the menu and without a second thought I ordered a pinwheel and a order of meatballs.. he made me an chicken empanada with a side of chimi churi... All homemade and amazing!!!  A party of 10 came in and was greeted the way customers deserve to be treated. It was a pleasure to observe. Got my order to go and needless to say it was fantastic!  We will definitely be back. WOW!!
5	2nd visit and we were not disappointed one bit. I can honestly tell you this is the best Italian Food in Las Vegas! !
3	I must say, this business has excellent customer service. They sent out a new batch of food that was good. Much better then the first batch. Everything we just tried was delicious this time. Maybe I was too harsh the first time. I will continue ordering from them in the future.
4	Conveniently located to where I'm at. Menu looks tastefully planned. On my first visit, I ordered the white fish special. Although I was called to return back to work immediately, I had to @least get a quick taste before asking for it to get wrapped up to go! I must say, that one taste gave me the craves to wanting to just  finish it! LOL The service was politely excellent and I assure you & them that i will be back when I EVER get the free time away from work! Oh, I have to also mention that I went there w/my son on national pizza day that day, and my son ordered 2slices of their pizza, well being that he is a pizza fanatic since childhood, he was pretty much satisfied. So if you're wanting that pizzaria pizza and some good wholesome pasta dishes, then I suggest that you come on down and check it yourself, because it's "Mama Mia mmm mmm good!" LOL Oh! And plenty of parking as well! Bravo smooches!
5	Found this restaurant when my friends and I rented out the laser tag joint next door. That night I had a slice of pizza & tiramisu. It was so good. I have since been back a couple more times and have tried the rigatoni ala bolognese with italian sausage, meat lasagna, fettucini alfredo & flan with dulce de leche. Everything has been amazing. They make all their pasta, breads & pizza dough in house from scratch as well as everything else. Spiced just right, creamy goodness. The staff are very nice. I have recommended this to friends and none have been disappointed. For the people who complain about soggy french fries & chicken strips from delivery, what did you expect? French fries are always soggy upon delivery unless they are from a fast food restaurant. Next time, do yourself a favor and order italian food, from the italian restaurant you called...leave the chicken & fries for Cane's...this place is amazing!
5	My husband and I ate here on a whim and it was amazing. He had the Gorgonzola Linguini which was fresh and home made. I had the Pollo Florentine where the vegetables were cooked to perfection . The vegetable soup also had freshly cut veggies in it and was seasoned perfectly. They have fresh bread and the desserts are amazing. I had the flan which is served with dulce du leche and my husband had the tiramisu. I liked it so much that I drove across town the next night to try it again. I even got a piece of tiramisu for the husband since he couldn't be there. He playfully called me a devil woman for going without him again...lol. The waitress Jane is wonderful, so nice and accommodating and the food comes out super fast.
5	Decided to go out for pizza with the family. I saw the reviews for this place and it was close by so decided to come in for dine in. The in-laws ordered a pepperoni. They enjoyed it. My husband and I like to think outside the box so ordered a chicken Alfredo pizza with added spinach. Absolutely amazing! The waitress was very tentative and even played with my baby. Will definitely order take out from here from now on as we don't go out often.
