4	So I've tried a few tanning places in the North Las Vegas area and I actually frequented another salon for quite some time, but unfortunately they moved to Durango and 95. I like the place, but not enough for the drive. I've seen Palm Beach Tan numerous times...obviously any time I'm in that shopping center. So finally, with my old salon really far away and my skin becoming a nice shade of pale, I decided to try this place. I actually really like it. The employees are really nice, not fake nice, but genuine (I even got an email from the manager letting me know to contact her if I needed anything or had any questions). I decided I was going to try one of the beds first (mainly the stand-up, cause that's what I like) before making a commitment...smart right? Well...not when it costs $20 for a singe tan (level 2). Prices are hella expensive for singles!! BUT I ended up liking the bed...yeah, it was a level 2, but it has the power of a level 3 that I've tried in some other salons. After my lovely 12 minutes in the bed I decided I would go ahead and buy a package. To my surprise, if you use the EFT (electronic funds transfer - kinda like automatic debit) option it only costs $40 a month for unlimited tans!! WTH? So basically if I go at least three times a month I'll make my money back and then some...cool with me. You also get a couple free upgraded level bed sessions (ie. one level 3, one level 4, etc) AND you get one free spray tan session.I would definitely suggest this place if you're planning on buying a package...but would probably go elsewhere if you only need one or two tans for an event.
5	They are awesome.  Nice ladies working hard
4	have yet to meet a rude staff member!everyone is incredibly nice and patient with any questions.the prices are very reasonable too if you become a premier member. i pay $40 a month for silver level (level 2). unlimited tanning plus free upgrades.great customer service!
5	I have tried a few tanning salons in Vegas and this is by far my favorite. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable of the beds and the products that they sell. You almost never have to wait for a bed and the monthly package prices are reasonable.
4	Took my time to review this place because I wanted to make sure that I had more than just 3 visits before I make my review. Been to only a handful of Palm Beach Tans.  One thing in common in all is their customer service. This location is up there too.  When it comes to products, I don't get that feel that they are pushing me to buy one of their high ticket lotions.  Some tanning places do. I'm always treat good. Originally from Daygo, I never had to worry about getting a tan.  That's because it was so easy to just go to the beach when I start to lighten up.  Now that I'm here, it's too hot for me to lay out at the pool.  Actually a little embarrassed that I even have to indoor tan since I'm normally a dark Pacific Islander. About this place...I've never had to wait to get on any of the beds and even their stand up's.  This location is bit slower than the California location that I usually frequent.  Beds and bulbs always look to be in good shape.  One thing about this specific location is that it's cooled just right.  I've been to other locations where I am burning up.  This place has the AC on full blast.  If there's one issue that I have, it's for all the Palm Beach Tans. Their rooms are small. Not many places to put your keys, wallet, and phone.  This must explain why women have purses.  I'm a dude, so I just leave everything in my pockets.  My other issue is that I am not allowed to have someone in here with me.  I don't plan of doing anything crazy in these beds, but it get's tough to get lotion on my back.
3	Good tanning place, always clean, but has one or two girls who have some attitude issues and poor customer service.  Katie is pretty awful, if she is still working there, and always gabbing on the phone to someone about boys or drinking...really unprofessional.  The beds are nice, although they don't have the upgraded bed that some of the other Las Vegas locations do.Although regulated by corporate, the packages are decent.  I wish they would do a spray tan only package that as affordable, instead of just the UV beds at an unlimited monthly rate.  I've tanned at six locations in Texas and Nevada and this one is smaller but still nice and clean.
5	Recently have been looking for a place to tan and had been unsuccessful. As I was waiting to for a dentist appointment today I searched yelp for tanning places and saw Palm Beach Tan so I gave it a shot. As soon as I walked in I felt welcome and was told everything I needed to know and any questions I had were answered thoroughly! Needless to say it was perfect and prices were way better than any other place around! Great prices and great customer service!
5	Very glad to have found and chosen this salon. Sign up was very easy, everyone I've met has been wonderful and helpful, and it's a national company so you can visit ANY palm beach tan in country. Lotion is a little pricey in-store, though.
5	I've gone to this location 4 times now. I  am a new tanner and have literally no experience or knowledge about tanning beds. Girls are always really sweet and helpful. Shayyane is the one who signed me up and has been helping me to know how long to tan in the bed. She is very knowledgeable and has been extremely helpful in explaining how the beds work and the different lotions. Ac is always on so it's nice and cool. I do believe they work on commission so they are a little pushy about trying to sell you the lotions. But no way I'm gonna buy a 90$ tanning lotion. I've bought them on amazon for a quarter of the price and they work just fine.
