5	Taking my car to the shop is like going to the dentist. I can sometimes get a little stressed out about what's going to happen and how much it's going to hurt (cost) but it's a necessary evil. It was a relief to find Central Car Care. This family owned car service and repair place at Dunlap and 3rd St. offers reasonable prices ($19.95 for an oil change), patience (when I'm asking my 80-billion "how do you know you HAVE to do that" questions or whine about how badly I do NOT want to spend my money on fixing my car) and fair, honest service (when my replacement battery didn't last a full year, they changed it out for free!). They've always completed my work on time and greet me by name when I walk in the door -- even when I don't have an appointment and it's been months since my last visit. They guarantee all of their work (parts and labor) for 15 months, 15,000 miles, which gives me some peace of mind. And, host an annual customer appreciation event where they discount tires, oil changes and the like... It's conveniently located by the Sunnyslope Transit Station, so public transportation makes for easy access (although, shuttle service is available and they have rental cars if it's an overnight deal). Paul, Tommy and Rex are awesome and do a great job taking care of me and my vehicle!
5	I still love this place. Today, I brought my car in because the tire was low. Seems I've run over some nails. While waiting, I noticed they have one of those arcade basketball games to play for FREE while you're killing time. I TOTALLY suck, by the way. Didn't make a SINGLE shot. But, it's something to do beside watch Oprah!
5	A family-run place that really strives to please.  Timely and accurate service, drop off option, accomodating wait space all make this my go-to car spot.
5	i love, love, love the high level of customer service that paul and his staff provide at central car care.  i recommend them to all my friends.  good service, nice people, great prices, reliable.....  what more can you ask for?
5	Great service! Checked and filled all tires from a warning indicator when on way to work early in am.
5	Once again, I took my vehicle to Paul @ CCC and am an extremely happy customer.  I was able to drop my car off early.  I was given a phone call once diagnostics were finished an quoted a very fair price for my repairs. Everyone at the counter was absolutely a pleasure to work with.  This is my go-to person for regular maintenance and unexpected repairs.
5	If you are looking for an honest, caring, and thoroughly competent mechanic, then you need to take your car to Central Car Car, a family owned business (three generations!). My family and I are moving to Seattle and I took my car into CCC for a tune up and to get my tires replaced for the drive up to Washington. Paul and Rex gave me a good price for those services and made me and my family feel welcome and comfortable in their shop. In the process of changing my oil, Paul found an important part in my engine that needed replacing. When I told him i could not pay for the extra part in full, Paul offered to help me with the finances, which he was in no way shape or form obligated to do. He understood my situation--the move was only four days away and the car part was necessary if we were going to make the trip--and HE OFFERED TO HELP. What a great guy! What a great family! What a great business! Easily the best experience I ever had with a car repair shop. It's no wonder that CCC scored an A+ with the Better Business Bureau. I would recommend CCC to anyone with any car-related issue.
5	I've been looking for a car repair shop to be my 'go to' shop for all of my auto needs.  After looking online, I stumbled across CCC's website which was top notch & full of information.  I then proceeded to Yelp & read all of the positive feedback regarding CCC so I decided this was the shop I wanted to check out.  I went today at 7:15 to get my power steering pump replaced. I was greeted by Paul was friendly & sincerely eager to help.  While waiting for the repairs to be completed, I sat in the waiting area with a couple other customers.  Rex came in & greeted them by name which told me they were repeat customers (good sign).  One of the customers told me she'd been going there since 2004 & wouldn't go elsewhere. My repairs were completed as promised & the experience was exactly what I was looking for.  I can guarantee you 1000% that I'll be going back for all of my auto needs because of Paul, Rex, & the type of service I received.
5	Central Car Care is the most honest,  trustworthy, and reliable auto repair shop I've come across in a long  time.  I found them on Yelp and I'm really glad I decided to take my car there.
2	I will leave a review about two aspects of this business. First, their waiting room is fantastic, a flat screen, many magazines and a pop a shot basketball hoop. But it being a mechanic, the most important is the honesty and transparency. I took my car in for a new battery. I had gone on vacation, left my car out in the blazing sun of the Sky Harbor parking lot and it drained. I jumped it at my house and drove it in the dealer which was about 20 miles away. They told me I needed new belts (which I do) and a new alternator. I know there was no way I could drive my car from the airport and then to this dealer if my alternator was out. I then went to work and ran the most common alternator test to check it and it turned out to be fine. So the bottom line, they lied and told me I needed a new alternator ($260 + labor) when I did not.
5	Honest, trustworthy, professional.Several years ago I worked for a tour company that took all of their vans to Central Car Care to get serviced, so when I saw a groupon for an oil change here I decided to take advantage.  I came away with a good experience and a well running car.  A few months later I had my brakes changed at a Just Brakes who told me my brakes were going to fail and that I needed to do an extra $350 worth of repair to be safe.  I called Central Car Care, explained the situation, and told them I was nervous about the safety of my car but thought I was getting scammed.They told me to bring my car down and they inspected it for free.  They told me my car was safe and didn't need the work that was suggested.  I offered to pay for their time, but they told me to just bring in my car when it needed repairs and my continued business would be thanks enough.I don't think I've ever been to a mechanic before that said I didn't need suggested work done.  Thank you so much.
5	Honest, trustworthy, fair pricing, flexible. I feel very fortunate to have found a mechanic i dont have to doubt!
5	I took my recently purchased Buick La Cross in with a flat tire.  The puncture was in the side wall of the tire and was not repairable.  CENTRAL CAR CARE TREATED ME FAIRLY AND PROFESSIONALLY AND I'D LIKE EVERYONE TO KNOW IT!!!!  They could have sold me VERY expensive tires as replacements ($250.00 per tire).  Instead they told me to take the car back into the dealership and have them repair the tire under warranty.  I didn't even know that was an option.  I took the car in and sure enough the Dealership replaced the tire free of charge.  Central Car Care treated me so kindly and respectfully, I can't even believe it.  I will return to Central Car Care again and again.  That kind of treatment goes a LONG way with me.  I hope it does with the rest of Phoenix as well.
5	Love, love, LOVE this place! Always helpful and very professional. Family owned and quick turn around time with your services.I orginally found this through a Groupon ad they were offering for an oil change special and I have been going back for a few years now for all my services and new tires. The people who own this are honest, hard working and very quick. I will never go anywhere else for my car care.
5	An excellent local garage. They are friendly and efficient while treating customers with respect. Their prices are excellent.
5	Came in for the first time due to a great groupon deal... And I got to say, I would most certainly come back here. Everyone I encountered was very friendly and respectful. I knew of a couple issues with my vehicle coming in, and they did bring them up with a price quote and explanation of what the problem and how they fix it. There was absolutely no pressure to get it fixed right that second... So needless to say, they have earned my future business.
2	I had read all the Yelp reviews and purchased a Groupon for an oil change from Central Car Care. I am very disappointed. The actual experience was great during the service. One of the workers made coffee for me and the lounge area was nice for a car shop. I was advised that my truck needed a water pump, belts, and an alignment which I got done elsewhere due to a better cost. I think they were upset that I turned down the additional service because a week after the oil change I found out that none of my fluids had been topped off, that my battery and alternator were almost dead (no one bothered to check the battery at all during a 16-point inspection), and that my oil change gauge had not been reset.  I would not go back to this shop.
5	I was referred to Central Car Care by a friend and when I walked in I was amazed at how clean the shop! The gentleman were dressed and groomed nicely and treated me with respect, humor and honesty. As it turned out, my car was fine. I was not taken advantage of and I am actually speechless as to the service. This is a MUST see for everyone in Phoenix!
5	So happy I found this place, great family owners that have been so easy to deal with. I always feel they treat me fair.
4	I would highly recommend to everyone. We were visiting from out of town and our car broke down. The boys at the garage got us right back on the road again.
1	Went to central care care for a diagnostic. They gave me a long list of of over priced repairs, so I decided not to go on my weekend outing, for fear of my car breaking down. I took it to a trusted mechanic for a second opinion, that is closed on weekends, where I found out that the so called things that needed to be fixed were inaccurate. One item specifically, was my radiator hose, which the trusted mechanic showed me had a lot of give left it in, not the dry, almost cracking story I was told at Central Car Car. Do yourself a favor and save your money, wait for that M-F shop.
5	This is my go to shop for whatever I need done on my vehicles,  Paul and his staff are courteous & knowledgeable. Repair prices are reasonable with quick turnarounds!
5	We've been going to Central Car Care since we moved to Phoenix a year ago. We go there for everything, including our oil changes. Paul and the other staff are very friendly and communicative. The lobby is very cozy and nice. And most importantly the work and costs are competitive. I feel that this business is trustworthy. We recently had all four tires replaced and were given an upgraded set of tires for the same price. It is hard to find a good mechanic so if you are in the market for car service please check out Central Car Care.
