4	Myself and a big group of friends were hunting for a restaurant for our New Year's Eve dinner. It was a bit of a dice roll, but we ended up going where none of us had been before: Tanner's. Very happily, it was a great experience! The food was delicious, the atmosphere was warm, and our server was excellent. There were a lot of dishes ordered around the table, but it seemed as though everyone was happy with their selections. I had the tilapia, but also got to sample the meatloaf and duck confit spring rolls. The menu is definitely worth exploring! I started to describe this place as "out of the way," but it really isn't. It's right across the street from Time Warner Cable Arena, which made it perfect as a pre-show restaurant. Definitely see myself going back here.
3	I was actually here with a group of people a few days ago. The scenery and location is actually great. The service was quick and our server knew a lot about the menu. She was able to answer all our questions and even recommended an appetizer for us. Something that really bugged me all night long was how our server was chewing gum. I think it's disrespectful and completely unprofessional to be a server at a venue like this and chew gum. She never even tried to spit it out or stop chewing while she talked to us. I'll really reconsider recommending this place to my friends.
3	Tanners is a nice upscale bar spot with great food. The only issue that I've had is with some of the bar  tenders, they tend to move a little slow and not be very attentive to their patrons. Other than that it's a nice spot to grab a drink with your girls or with your man.
2	This seems to be a cursed location.  Nothing has lasted here long.  I've never heard of Tanner's Bistro and when I showed up I thought that location was a sushi place.The menu was a small tastes menu.  I LOVE tapas, but $8 for a vegetarian eggroll?  I know a quality chinese place that will sell one made in house for $1.50.  Overall, nothing I ordered was especially mind-blowing with the exception of the salad, which I shared with a friend.  It took over an hour from the time we ordered until we received our food.  Service was excellent and we were given a plate of samples and a round of drinks for our wait.
1	Agree with some other posts, this location is tough to make a success. Just left a completely empty place after my drink had flakes of some crude in the glass.  They had only one bottle of red and nothing but Muscato for white. The bar tender was nice and friendly but the place is a mess.Hope First Ward can get a place that can make it some day.
