2	I'll take a side of burger with my order of grease...I want all you yelpers out there to know that before I have a heart attack from eating at Five Guys that it's been fun, I had some great reviews, I don't think I'm gonna make it and I love you all... goodbye.
5	Fresh hamburger. Not frozen. Fries made fresh too.  Kind of like in-n-out. Nice place.
5	Yes it is bad for you. Yes it is delicious. Great customer service. Clean, fast and predictable.
2	ive had friends in florida RAVE about 5 guys. i never drove out to the locations when they opened in the east valley but when this one opened i figured sure ill try it.  first time i went..not so good so i held off making judgments because so many people raved about it.  so i tried again. i ordered online...said my order would be ready in 15min. i arrived to pick up my order just over 15 min later and proceded to watch people order at the counter and get their food before myself.  seemed strange, what was the point to order online?  after waiting at the pick up counter for 10min they said you have the online order right...yes... then they bag up my burgers and put them up on the couter where they sit for another 10min until the fries are done.  I LOVE GREASY BAD FOR YOU FOOD.  but i couldnt even eat the fries.  they were soaked in grease.  which one would say greasy fries = good but not these. i think they did not blanch the fries before deep frying them.the burger i will not rate beacause by the time they sat for over 20 min then the 5 min ride home they bread turned into a mush around the meat.  i did eat a burger in the place the first time and...needless to say there are several better options in the valley. even in-n-out burger is much much better.
3	This chain sure is full of itself with signs everywhere declaring how their burgers were voted best of all-over-the-place. Fine, we get it, people voted for chains in their "best of" votes.A sign for their potatoes too. They bought potatoes from a farm in Idaho, how bold of them. A burger has two patties and a cheeseburger has two patties and some cheese. Ridiculous amounts of fries. Extra fries help ensure we all stay fat. Thanks.It's refreshing to tell someone what you want on your burger and they get it right.7 minute parking for "snappy" people. Sign is funny but 7 minutes doesn't seem like a realistic time since it probably takes that long for them to cook your burger.$16 for fries, a cheeseburger and a hamburger. The quality is there in the beef but the bun sucks for that price. I want a kaiser roll or some sourdough punk! Lot's of hype. No best of anything ever from me.
3	Their burger really hit the spot! I had a little burger and my boyfriend had a regular burger (which is a double patty).  I really liked the fries and the fact that they tell you where the potatoes come from. I also like that they have a lot of topping options that they don't charge you for.  It wasn't the best burger I had but it was good enough that I would go back again.
4	Love me some Five Guys, burger is tasty, and fries are perfect!
4	We finally tried out Five Guys! I liked how simple the menu was, though I was pretty sad to see that there weren't any milk shakes on the menu. The amount of fries they give you is obscene! We got one regular and one Cajun style, and between 3 fry loving people still had a PILE left over. The burgers are made to order with tons of great toppings to choose from. I do wish they would use a bit of a better quality bun, but that is my only real complaint.
4	Finally got to try this place out after thinking about it for a while. I have to say we were pleasantly surprised. This is probably one of the better fast food burgers I've had in a while. Yes, the buns were generic, but it was awesome to eat a non-greasy fast food burger that didn't sit like a 10lb gut bomb. Hubby loved that mushrooms and jalapenos on the regular burger don't cost extra.The mini burger (or whatever it is called) is 1 patty while the regular sized burger is 2. 1 patty was plenty for both me and the hubby. The fry portions are GENEROUS. We went to order a large fry and the cashier taking our order kindly informed us that a large was sized to feed 4-5 people. The small portion of fries was plenty for the two of us. They were served in a brown paper bag and we doused them with malt vinegar and some extra salt. They were delicious and not too greasy.Prices are pretty reasonable- 2 mini (but sufficient) burgers, and an order of fries was about $12 after tax. With drinks or larger burgers that price would have gone up, but that's the case anywhere that doesn't do "meal deals".Word to the allergic- peanuts are served at the door and kept in open boxes at the front of the restaurant. I didn't see any signs warning about this before you go into the restaurant, which was a bit disappointing since peanut allergies can be so severe.
3	Try their "hot sauce" on your burger. Good!This particular five guys is fairly new.  My family likes the fries when they're hot.  The burgers aren't cheap, but they are very good and the toppings selection is also very good.The drink dispensers are a family favorite.  They love mixing flavors with their Sprite or Coke.It's a God-awful dirty mess in there with Peanut shells and dirty tables everywhere as they try to keep up.It's your typical 5 Guys.  if you like them, you won't be disappointed in this one.
4	I loved this place. The staff was friendly and nice. I love the drink dispenser-awesome! Great burgers as usual-will be back for sure!
4	I don't see what the hype is about although the food was good. Some say it's way better than In-N-Out but I think it's about the same. Their burgers have a genuine grilled smokey taste kind of like when Burger King's when it first came out and got popular. Of course the quality of FG is much much much muuuuch better than burger king because of their fresh and relatively healthier ingredients.Their fries were crispy on the outside and soft inside. They are fresh potatoes too but have a different texture than in n out. I gotta say I love in n out fries but for those who hate in n out fries I would think you would love FG's fries. I think I heard that they fry their fries in peanut oil or something so if you have peanut allergies be sure to ask and if true, avoid for the sake your life!Overall a great experience but nothing crazy.
3	I appreciate the fresh, not frozen way of doing business.I appreciate the friendly and efficient service.I really dig the Cajun seasoning for the Cajun fries.That said - it's an OK burger place. Nothing spectacular, but unlike most of the big name fast food burger places - at least this tastes like food.It's handy to have right down the street from my office - and it fills the need when I get a burger craving.
3	This is your average hamburger joint. Originally based on the east coast and making the expansion in the west. The food is very fresh and never frozen. I love that each day they put where the potatoes came from. It's a nice touch. Service is always friendly and for a quick lunch I like to order online before I get there.The burgers are good and it's always fun to design it exactly how I want it on that given day. Be warned, the "little" burgers are single patty and regular burger is a double. An order of regular sized fries easily feeds two, possibly three people. And the Cajun spice is the way to go there.The biggest con with the joint is the parking. It's awful on a good day. Be prepared to do some circles or park in the nearby neighborhood.
5	Fantastic burgers and fries! Yesterday, on a Sunday was a great day to go. Wasn't too crowded and the staff was very accommodating and friendly! So nice that they have FREE peanuts in the shell, all you want and you just help yourself!
5	I LOVE FIVE GUYS!  This is my favorite hamburger!  I love all the crazy fixins I can put on the burger - I love mine with green peppers, bacon, cheese & BBQ sauce!  FREE peanuts with ever meal.  YUM!!!!
3	Burgers are excellent but fries are too salty.
5	Really good food. Outstanding customer service. I would much rather spend a few extra bucks for good food and awesome customer service. Every time I come here everyone is always friendly and prompt with service. I would recommend to anyone.
3	Decent burgers and a mountain of fresh and tasty fries...At a price....One of a group of different burger chains that have sprouted up in the valley over the last few years.  The burgers are cooked on a griddle and topped with your options of toppings at no extra cost (except for bacon), and are hot and juicy.The bad.  How can you give dozens of choices for toppings and only have American cheese (which most foodies would not even consider actual cheese).  Where is the swiss and cheddar?Secondly, the price you pay is a bit high.  My bill alone came to $14.85 (bacon cheeseburger, soda & fries), which is almost what you would pay at a high end steak place for a much better burger and fries.  Even at my favorite burger restaurant, I get a 1/2 pound burger, fries and a drink for only $10.85, that is $4 cheaper for a flame-broiled burger.  For those of us on a budget, it is not worth the extra cost to come here.During my visit the place was also filled with smoke, and the doors were wide open.  I don't know if there was an issue with the ventilation system or they were just trying to give the place a more "downtown-like" (polluted) atmosphere.One last thing...I love that they use the quote "The best $5 burger a man can get" to advertise the place, when the cheapest (normal) burger they sell starts at $5.99!
4	love the Cajun fries here (a small order is enough for two people, trust me) and that you can put SO MANY toppings on your burger!  it's a little pricier than other fast food joints, but I feel like they use better quality ingredients so I don't mind paying a few more bucks.
2	The posters lining the walls talking about how good this place is are mostly from the last decade, because all the cool new burger place are better without question. So what if the fries come in portions you struggle to finish on your own? They're not that good. There aren't many cool toppings to choose from. Ooh, American cheese...I'm enthralled...not. The burger is just ok. Not seasoned, buns aren't really toasted...just really low-effort. I would compare the quality to that of a place with a drive-thru, but a meal costs nearly what you'd pay at a sit-down restaurant. This chain is overrated.
4	Great juicy burgers and amazing fries at a great value! Five Guys is the standard I set for any burger or fries I eat elsewhere. The staff is friendly and quick with your order. The place is clean, with lots of wooden tables for seating. There's also tables and umbrellas outside for additional seating. This store also has fancy Coke machines. The food here is delicious and reasonably priced. I will definitely be back for more!
5	We got everything we ordered correctly. The fries were super fresh and we have tons of leftovers of them. The little burger is still a big burger, so don't order too big! Staff was friendly and the place was clean.
1	So my son and I decided we hadn't been to Five Guys in a long while - like over a year.  Went there tonight around 720pm and there were equal numbers of employees to customers - about 5 each.  Two burgers, one a double cheeseburger the other one a regular cheeseburger and one big order of fries.  Dropped $25 bucks.  Only one person ahead of us but took about 4-5 minutes for their order (for 2 people).  Even though the place was not busy - the employees seemed more interested interacting with each other than customers.Got done ordering and was waiting.  Young lady came back into the place 2x's working to get her order correct...made my spidey sense go off.  We got our order to go and headed out  - didn't want to deconstruct and reconstruct the contents of the bag..  Got home and both burgers were doubles, and one of them didn't have onions (contrary to the order).    Mediocre at best but for a Scottsdale level price. Oh well, I think the next period that we go dark for Five Guys will be much longer than the last.  Habit is very good alternative.
5	The place is so crowded with people lined up. The burger was amazing, came with regular size but it just simply melting in your mouth. Even though the place was super busy, the staff still motivated, and offer a friendly service. This is the best burger in AZ, as we tried all other fast food outlet. Tried the hotdog as well, but the burger much better. This is a must stop when you are at AZ .
