3	Two words you must remember. Pistachio baklava. This dessert is done well here! There is also walnut, but only tried the pistachio one.The combo appetizer plate was adorned with hummus, baba ghanouj (blended eggplant with spices, garlic, and olive oil), falafel, and dolmas (rice parsley, dill, and more all wrapped in grape leaves). I am already a fan of baba ghanouj and hummus, but dolmas are interesting to me because of the unique textures and contrasting flavors all wrapped in grape leaves. I keep ordering dolmas to see which one I like best, and so far I'm a fan of the dolmas here too.The beef souvlaki and chicken souvlaki are full of flavor. However, the beef souvlaki was cooked "well done" even though we ordered it "medium rare." The souvlaki was a bit drier than I'd like but I enjoyed it here better than some other Greek places I've had on the west side. The restaurant itself is bright inside. The menu is very clear and easy to read when you order at the counter. Once you order, you can seat yourself anywhere and kick back and watch tv (like the BCS championship game for instance, which was playing when I walked in tonight to pick up food to go). Call me biased based on convenience, but I am just so happy to have Greek food this close to me, so I'd give this place 3.5 stars if I could for that alone! (Even if my sole purpose was to get baklava only to go).
2	We were so looking forward to this place opening.   Ehhh, a bit of a disappointment.Very clean, very friendly (counter) service.  But the food just...well let me explain.I ordered a gyros.  Combo of beef and lamb and that's fine.  But the meat had way too much pepper in it.  60 minutes later I still tasted pepper.  The tzatziki was ok,,,something was missing - maybe a bit more cucumber? My partner ordered chicken schwarma.  Her complaint was that the chicken was chopped up - heavily chopped up.  Hard to eat because the sandwich kept falling apart. She expected and would have preferred thinly sliced meat and more garlic in the garlic sauce.We split a small greek salad.  Again, just ok.  The dressing was mostly oil and vinegar - not enough spices except oregano and probably no dijon in it at all.Menu?  Basically a bunch of sandwiches in the $5-$7 range or add $2.50 and you get fries or rice or a small salad and a drink.So would we go back?  Probably not.  If I start seeing better reviews, we might try once more.  Sure would like them to add a bit to the menu...like taramosalata, pastitsio, moussaka, or maybe souvlaki?  And for goodness sake, one of the fun parts of a greek restaurant is watching them shave the meat off the revolving spool.  Maybe Gyros Town doesn't do that, but if they do, they ought to bring the spool out from the backroom, so people can watch their sandwich being made.
4	I was a little surprised when my wife said she wanted to dine at Gyros Town. Not because she isn't a culinary adventurer necessarily, but because I didn't know she was interested in Greek food at all. Her reasoning was, " We have been pretty lucky with trying new places and foods, let's try there." Alright then.I am really glad I married my wife. She is smarter than me and it comes in handy like when trying new restaurants such as this one. It is a rather cozy little restaurant with booths on the sides and tables in the middle. We are a booth family and these were definitely booth family approved. There is a television, a drinks cooler, and a counter to order otherwise. Very simple, very effective.My wife and I ordered a number one which is just a basic gyro with fries and a drink. I like to try the basic stuff at restaurants I am not familiar with so that I can get an idea of how they cook what should be their simple recipes. What we received was a very tasty gyro. The meat might have been a little salty but I really don't have a basis for comparison in this food genre. There was also a tasty sauce inside the pita bread that complimented the meat. If I knew the name of it I would say it, so for those of you who I just offended with my lack of gyro knowledge, I apologize. The side of fries was an afterthought but I don't want to short change them because they were pretty good. It was a good portion of food in the basket. It was just enough to top me off.The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I received the impression that each customer was special to them. That each person in the restaurant was an opportunity. That sounds horribly cliche but I really mean it. The young lady who took the orders walked around and cleaned the tables as the patrons left and politely asked others if they were enjoying their meals. A little later another gentleman who I identified as one of the chefs came out to see how the food tasted. I responded with an honest,"I am really enjoying it". It feels like a start up even though it has been around a little while. I will be going back to support the fact I am thankful there are little shops like this that remind me that I need to try new things.
4	I was skeptical when my wife suggested this place, because I really didn't like the last greek place we visited.  This place is very good, especially the traditional beef & lamb gyro.  The people are really nice and helpful, the service is good.
2	Living close to Lake Pleasant Town Center, my family is always excited about restaurants that are new in the area. We have been at this restaurant a few times and each time have ha issues with orders. I have Celiacs Disease and am very careful about what I eat(have to). Most Greek restaurants are very accommodating and eager to understand the needs of the customer, unfortunately this is not the case here. When asked to keep all bread on the side, we were told it wouldn't matter if the bread was on top. Again we asked and the first visit the staff remade it reluctantly, but the second visit they did or would not do so. I would suggest that the owner 's and staff read up on allergies with food and learn about the needs of their customers. By the way of course I did not eat the meal. I enjoy Greek Food and the Greek people, a little sad that the true spirit isn't present in this restaurant.
5	Very good! #8 falafel
1	Sad ... I had a Gyro platter.. Great service.. They gave a lot of everything. But with so much competition in the Greek faster food world the meat tasted like bland processed meat.    I would compare this to a chain in CA called daphne ..    If you like that taste than GREAT . This is the place for you...
5	Very Good Food :) I ordered the Shawarma Pita with Greek fries. Shawarma was very tender and had a very good taste to it. Greek Fries were really good as well. Priced well. If you're in the area definitely try them out...
5	I was heading into chipotle for a burrito and the line was crazy long.  This place is right next door and unfortunately for them, they only had one other couple in there. I ordered the chicken schwarma plate. It was delicious. I'm glad that I skipped the burrito- I feel much healthier for eating this. The burrito would have put me to sleep!
5	Very good middle eastern food!! We had the beef souvlaki and the beef shawarma wraps. The meat had great flavor and melted in our mouths. The staff and owner were very nice. We will definitely be going here more.
5	First time here and coming back, soon. Excellent. Meat was fresh, pita was not dried out, friendly staff.
3	Not too bad...the service was friendly.  The bread was nice but my beef shawarma was overcooked and very dry.
5	We have been driving by this and thought it was time to give it a try.  I am so glad we did.  The staff was so friendly and the shop was spotless.  We both had the Gyro's and split an order of fries.  The Tzatziki sauce was great.  We ordered extra on the side. The portions are big...Everything was hot, and seasoned perfectly.  This is a great place to get a quick bite and relax.  We will be back.
4	Food is good. 1 star based solely on the customer service. Keep going back because it's the only greek type place in the neighborhood. Have now visited 3 times, once as a dine in customer and twice for carry out. Every single time the order has been wrong. Now if they could get their staff in gear and get out the right orders this place would be a solid 3-3.5 for me.EDIT: 4th time is a charm!!! Kind of sucky that 3 of 4 orders were wrong. But, we will be giving it another shot hoping we were just really unlucky. Food was good as always, tastes even better when the order is right!!!EDIT #2: Seems like the customer service is fixed! Food has been awesome but more importantly the staff is paying attention to detail and doing a great job!
5	Awesome Gyros ! Nice selection ! Reasonably priced. $6.99 Gyros Combo Special is muy a la bomb ez vous !!
4	I am literally in this plaza twice a month and I have never seen this place.  It has a very "chain" feel to it.  Plasma tv menus, floor to ceiling Greek paintings, Greek colored everything.  I thought it would be very generic but the food was surprisingly good.  They use Kronos just like 90% of places you will go.  The pita was slightly over cooked like they didn't use enough oil but it didn't hurt the flavor.  They are a little too conservative on the Tzatziki for my taste so I would encourage you to order some extra.  The fries are boring, but I'm picky.  Overall they offered a good value if your in the area.
4	I stopped in today for  lunch. I had a gyro and it was very tasty. Great prices too! I will be back to try what else they've got.
5	Im recently a gyro lover, and this place has some good ones.The 6.99 meal with fries and a drink is perfect.The lady up front is very nice and takes time to ask you how everything was.Fries arent the best youll ever have but they go well with a gyro, the meal was great. I'll be back!
5	Really good Greek food. A little pricy but matches the area. You get a lot for the money though. The plates can probably feed two adults.
5	First time at this place.my wife and I ordered the Gyro plates.,one with fries ,the other with rice.The food was very good,the salad was nice and fresh,I later realized I did not get any onions with the gyro plates but we were done and it was not important anymore,( I love onions).The lady owner was very nice,polite and while here in Arizona,I will recommend highly this small,nice place to have a good meal.We are snowbirds from Wisconsin.The people of Wisconsin. May 8 2014
5	I work near the lake pleasant towne center and just flowed my nose into this lovely little place. I've never been a huge Greek food enthusiast but this place has converted me it is delicious. I recommend it to every one. I'm still working my way through the menu but I have not been disappointed actually the complete opposite I'm always blown away. The location is very clean and the people are very friendly and nice. If your new to this food genre they are happy to answer questions an educate you on the menu items.
5	I love Mediterranean food, and when this restaurant opened not far from my work a couple of years back I had to try it. Their food is very good. It's a bit pricy, but the amount of food you get for what you pay is more than fair. I've tried a bunch of different meals and I've found them all to be highly satisfying. Gyros Town is always near the top of the list when I am deciding on a place to go out to lunch.
5	Delicious food, fast service, clean restaurant - oh and did i mention delicious food?  It's wonderful!
4	This is your run of the mill Gyros place.  Nothing special here.  The food is fine and the prices are reasonable.
5	Excellent food and Great selection!! Friendly people and a great selection of food. Will come back :-)
4	This place is very good, not the best, but it has reasonable prices and good quality food. I had the lamb gyro, which was awesome on my first visit, but today I had the chicken kabob plate and while the rice was great, the chicken was just okay, mildly burnt. Definitely recommend trying this place and getting a side of Greek fries!
5	Really good food freshly made as you order. Love it!
4	Had the "value meal" and yeah. Better than some Greek restaurants. (This is more cafe) and the best price I've paid in a while!  My belly's happy.
4	This is a local spot that my husband and I like to get take out from pretty often.  We love it!  I usually order the chicken kabob plate and my husband usually orders the combination plate and they are always delicious.  The rice is my favorite!  Great local greek food and friendly staff!
1	If you like food that's been dropped on the floor and serve to you anyways then this is the place to go otherwise the food is really good.
2	Place is less than stellar. I got the chicken kabob salad and it was less than stellar. Fries were gross and very soggy. Place is mediocre at best and they charge more than any other greek place around here. I wouldt go here again.
4	Gyros Town is our new, go-to place for chicken gyros with feta cheese!  We used to go to Roman's Gyros in Sun City, but they've since gone out of business! We usually get the chicken gyros value meal with fries and a drink. I get a baklava with pistachios as an added treat to this delicious meal.  The restaurant is noticeably clean, service is fast and friendly, and they have a wide variety of meals to choose from! Parking is terrible in this area. I recommend parking by the Dunkin' Donuts drive-thru, as it's so much easier to get in and out of this spot.
