1	went here today with a friend to have him try a coffee smoothies I had at another location...  totally was excited to have him try it.... womp womp.it was horrible.  you'd think everything would taste the same even if it was at a different location.  [it is a franchise]  the recipes are provided with the franchise usually.. and with specific instructions i assume?yeah. no. it was watery and had no flavor!  I guess they just weren't into it yesterday? not into serving what their supposed to be serving?  get it together yo!  everything should be as expected! duh!
4	Tropical Smoothie is Tropical Smoothies. It's always hit or miss, always depends on who's making your drink and preparing your food. I give it an extra star only because its dine-in is open 24 hours.
3	It's a smoothie place, I'm not sure what else can be said. They take fruit, ice, and other ingredients, blend them up and make smoothies.They have a pretty solid menu of smoothies, and a bunch of boosters, I've never been a huge fan of smoothies, but if the mood strikes Tropical Smoothie works out well
4	I like smoothies at 3 in the morning, so I like Tropical Smoothie.  I like the Sunrise, Sunset made with Splenda and whey protein.  Yum.
5	I got the Acai Berry Smoothie and I really enjoyed it. It was perfect for a hot day before the lake. I also ordered a sandwich that I found delicious. The one thing that I ddi like about this place was that they are now open 24 hours. This makes it easier when you want to eat late but don;t want that greasy fast food. Overall, a good experience.
5	Acai berry boost...delicious!!! Quick friendly service. Open 24 hours
4	Always a good lunch stop...super friendly staff and nice location right off the 215.
5	This is my weekday lunch spot.  Smoothies are consistently good, staff is friendly, and service is fast.  The Acai Berry Boost is delicious.  Something about the smell of a smoothie place just makes you feel good.  Wish this location had a drive thru for those hot summer afternoons.
4	30 minutes for lunch...jump in the car and head to Tropical Smoothie Cafe24 minutes left...Arrive at TSC and open the door - ARGH a line!22 minutes left...wow, that line moved fast, I'm ordering!20 minutes left...waiting with several other folks for our smoothie/wraps/etc...18 minutes left...Got my wrap...smoothie folks still scoopin and churnin...17 minutes left...Got my smoothie and grab a table15 minutes left...BRAIN FREEZE - ok, slow down, eat some wrap, close eyes and wince12 minutes left...that wrap was scrumptious (I know, who uses that word right?)10 minutes left...back in the car, still half a smoothie left to sip4 minutes left...walking back into work, plenty of time, still sippin my smoothieGotta say, this place has very tasty and healthy treats, they are faster than you expect, and the service is great and efficient. They've got a loyalty card, so your tenth item is free.
3	-1 star = Not a drive through location which sucks.-2nd star = their food tastes are not consistent with other Tropical Smoothie Cafes.But there is outdoor seating, and sometimes they WILL get it right.
1	If I could I would give 0 star. I came in at 1:30am to get some food for my road trip. I was really excited to try this place out.I walked in and a girl named asiaaaaa walked out with the crappiest attitude and said what would u like? I ordered the Thai chicken and she said what sides? I couldn't hear her husky voice so I said I'm sorry what was the sides again? And she repeats very slowly as I'm a child with mental issues. See I'm fair and honest. But if u insult me especially at a restaurant I'm gonna give u the worst attitude back. Other wise this place looks tropical and it's close to my house but their hiring manager need to do their jobs right as in hiring the right type of people. This isn't the type of crap service anyone deserves.
4	I never really know how to feel about Tropical Smoothie. I know it has the guise of being good for you, but they do add sugar or Splenda to thir drinks. What am I to believe?!?I do like the smoothies and food here, but it is not a daily or even weekly hangout for me. I like to make my own veggie smoothies and I know I do it cheaper than $5 a pop. Food is okay, too, but again, I feel a little too much on the "healthy" side to actually be healthy. On the day in question I ordered a smoothie with mango, strawberry, orange, and pineapple. I wanted to put a lil rum in there and call it summertime, but I guess I will just have to wait. Service was friendly and smoothie arrived in record time. You win this time, Tropical Smoothie Cafe, but I'll get you one of these days.
4	Summer is upon us, and a smoothie is a great way to get a bit of relief from the heat.  There's plenty of Tropical Smoothie Cafe's through out the valley, but I'm not sure if they are all exactly the same.  Some details for this particular location:Happy hour 5pm-7pm daily, second smoothie is $1.99.Free wifiOutdoor shaded seatingOpen 24 hoursAll of these things make for decent alternative to studying or working from your laptop at home.
5	I love this location! The staff is very friendly and I love the fact that they bring the food directly to your table. The manager is also very friendly and frequently helps his staff out and actually takes those extra little steps like: Would you like regular sugar or Splenda? Also, would you want a stamp card? The latter is crucial for me since I frequently come here for lunch.Their Veggie Hummus Wrap is amazing and I am glad that they have this option in their menu.I usually get the Island Green, its good but not amazing. Their sandwiches are better.
5	i love the island green smoothie
3	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Some of the younger cashiers who aren't very helpful. The salads and noodle bowls.LIKE  The Wasabi Caesar Roast Beef sandwich. The Early Bird wrap. Most of the smoothies. The tropical ingredients and supplements.LOVE  Open 24 hours.
5	I always order the chocolate chiller and the Buffalo chicken wrap or the delicious chicken ceasar salad. Didn't realize this location is 24 hours and so close to home!
4	One of my favorite places for lunch. The food is always great and inexpensive. The smoothies are all incredible. The employees are always very polite and helpful. Chicken cordon blue wrap is phenomenal and isn't on the menu. Highly recommended.
5	Hands down my favorite place to grab lunch for healthy wraps and smoothies. A must try is the chicken cordon blue wrap (which isn't listed on the menu) and the Acai berry smoothie. The staff are always extremely friendly and the service is exceptional. Highly recommend checking out tropical smoothie for the best smoothies in town. Enjoy.
3	I used to go to this location a lot a couple years ago.  I stopped going, because the workers were REALLY rude...they actually made fun of a selection that I made for my smoothie.  Yesterday, I was craving a coffee nut smoothie with dark chocolate before disc golf, so I stopped in. Much better service.  The guy was great.  Very polite, very quick, and I got a discount because I'm an LVAC member.  (Not all locations offer this)The  location was clean, and the only reason that there is only 3 stars, is that the tables were kind of in disarray, like they were in the middle of cleaning or rearranging and just stopped.  I'd go back again.
4	I stopped in here because of.... the prices. I thought that under 5 bux for a smoothie was a great price. The smoothie itself wasfine, certainly worth the price. A chain is a chain, but the staff was certainly helpful and willing to please.  Typical shopping mall chain ambiance, but for the price, I will be back and search others in my travels.
2	I enjoy the shakes but the owners of this place ruin the experience. I believe they are two brothers that need a serious attitude change. I mean common.. charging $5 for a ice smoothie that costs you 50 Cents aren't you making enough. Stop being so stingy smile and be happy that you are ripping people off. I think that shouldn't be too difficult.
1	Read menu closely, they deceivingly add sugar to all their smoothies using clever words on the menu to disguise it : "all 24 oz smoothies have turbinado added" should read something like: "Warning, we add sugar to all of our smoothies" WTF people! Isn't fruit already supposed to be sweet enough? And forget about organic, the guy behind the counter didn't even know the difference between conventionally grown and organic. Avoid.
1	God can you give me a list of workers who make the drinks . Some make it good but then 85% of the time it taste like shit and watered down
1	Don't buy anything from Sabrina. She offered me a pre-made smoothies and she put it back to the fridge when I said No to her. Plus you expect unfriendly service. Attention to the Manager/Owner please check your camera. It happen around 9:45pm.
5	I come here almost everyday. I really like them because they are will to put my vitamins in the smoothie. They also take orders my phone and have them ready within 10mins.
5	I love this place when I am trying to eat healthy. I recommend the health nut smoothie. The people that work there are very competent and friendly. The bathrooms are clean, so are the tables and floors.They got a cool sitting area hiding in the back, super cool. The even served me at my table an brought me napkins and a fork!The health nut smoothie with strawberries instead of blue berries is to die for. The staff is great. Good job guys, and the food is super tasty for being healthy.
1	Hands down the worst Tropical Smoothie Cafe I've ever been to. I am extremely disappointed that this is the one closest to my new house. The first time, my smoothie was chunky. I was literally chewing this thing. The second time, they gave me a cup with a hole in it. The third time doesn't exist and it never will. This is what happens when a store is ran by children.
1	Waited a few minutes at the counter until an employee slowly walked up and asked for our order. We get the half chicken salad and smoothie to go. When we got home the sandwich was missing tomato, and had the tiniest amount of chicken salad! Guess that's what happens when there's no management and the store is run by teenagers... Will post photos
5	Yum!
2	There is never anyone at the front when I come in. Finally when I get her attention by almost having to go behind the counter, the girl is pretty rude. I ask for suggestions and she's just like I don't know. I love that this place is so close but the customer service needs to be better.
1	I really love tropical smoothie and I love that this one is by my house to always satisfy a craving. I've never had any issues or complaints until now. Precious was my cashier and she was completely monotone and doesn't even say hello. I know it's just a fast food/drink place and I'm not expecting fine dining service but a "hello" or a smile maybe even a "thank you" would have been nice. My total was 12.06 and when I gave her a 20 she asked in her monotone voice "do you have 6 cents" if I had 6 cents handy I would have given it to her. Hopefully next time I return my experience will be with someone who doesn't completely show that they hate their job.
1	This place is gross! Worst tropical smoothie in Vegas. The cashier, Brian(manager maybe?), is handling food and money without washing his hands and is running out if control.
1	Hate
4	I kind of gave up on tropical smoothie for a while because every time I would go my smoothies would taste like crap. But this location's smoothies actually taste good and what you paid for. The food is decent as well here, unlike some other locations. I would rather come here than to any other tropical smoothie
1	One of the worst tropical smoothies in town. Unfortunately it is the only one near me so its here or no smoothie. Most of the staff tend to be nice but they have incredible turnover. The management here is terrible. I believe they are two brothers that are always upset very unfriendly and constantly making mistakes. I always need to get my order fixed. Today was the final straw I bring in my punch card which was full. They tell me as of yesterday the cards are no longer valid? What is this how can you not honor a card that was filled up by you for a free smoothie.  I mean how much do one of these smoothies really cost them maybe 30 40 cents. I understand if they are stopping the program but honor the card you gave me. It is not the biggest deal but it just shows the lack of customer service. if you have to go here watch your order their cleanliness is subpar and they make a lot of mistakes.
2	The food is normally good, but the employees are obnoxious later at night. I like all music, but they turn up the hard core "bitches and hoes" rap music so loud around 8pm. When I walked up to advise them that there was a mother with her kids next to us getting really upset, the girl said, "Ok?". Like, what did I want her to do about it? I just told her to forget it and left. Keep your gangster smoothies to yourself while kids are in the store!
5	Love this location since it's opened. I got the cranberry truffle because it's back temporarily and I haven't had it in years! Thank god it's back!I always get the chicken pesto flatbread with a side of hot sauce because it's absolutely amazing. Employees are always nice here and it's open 24/7!
4	I have been coming to this place for a very long time and I really love the fact that they have the beyond meat!! so this is very nice it makes things very convenient the smoothies are always pretty good and the staff is pretty okay too. the sandwiches are always nice toasty and warm. Yum.
