5	Viva truly has is all - style, ambiance, food to die for, and unrivaled service excellence.  Located in charming Old Montreal, Viva offers an outdoor patio perfect for drinks, tapas, and people watching, and an indoor seating area for a more traditional dining experience.  The cliental is upscale, hip, and undeniably beautiful.  The owner, Max, is a constant presence and his impeccable attention to detail and dedication to his customers and staff is remarkable.  As for the food, you really can't go wrong.  The sweet potato fries, tempura, meatballs, mussels....it was all heavenly.  We ordered the entire tapas menu and every dish was top-notch.  The live music was also a nice touch, and we lingered for quite some time without feeling rushed.  The staff was extremely friendly and attentive, and they seemed to really enjoy their jobs, which I think is a testament to how well this restaurant is managed and run.  Viva is not to be missed - GO!
5	Well, I was really surprised to read the last review so, I went to check out the place myself...Great food, amazing service and rare music I have never heard before, (the DJ even gave me a free Viva CD with Gotham project).Now, for the food, tapas are really kinda of new fad so we decided to order all 12 (twice) off their menu this Saturday night and as normal guys, we all had a HUGE appetite and added some mains (halibut, Paella, Pasta with tossed veggies and 2 orders of mixed sweet potato fries with a nice home made sauce).Service was immaculate.So, after rounding all the peeps together, we all concur, Viva probably just had a bad nite...hey...it happens, we give it 2 thumbs up and are really we went to see what was the real deal.
4	I went ti Viva with a couple of friends from Spain, and we had the best time. The food, ambiance and service was stellar.  My favourite dish was suggested by the owner Max and I am forever thankful.  I thought that Old Montreal could not produce tapas and a rich experience, I was wrong! Next time I am in town, this is the first place on my list!
