5	We live right down the street from Paint Masters...I've seen them repaint their own house twice over the years. I wanted a company that would take pride in their work (and in MY case) the neighborhood we live in. After seeing two horrible paint jobs (mostly because of the ghastly colors - no homeowners association here) by two of the houses around us, I wanted a company that wasn't going anywhere. I got a bunch of estimates around town but came back to Steve and his crew because who better to stand up to his work but a neighbor!These guys were great! Paint Masters brought out 6 guys and the house (from 7am to 6:30pm) was finished! They removed Direct TV's Satellite Dish (the one that THEY wouldn't come and remove after we stopped service with them). They also handled the nasty job of removing a pigeon nest and installing a grate over the area so there wouldn't be another. We opted for the Sherwin Williams 15 year warranty paint.They did three coats on the upper fascia boards...because they hadn't been touched in all the years we've been in the house. Did I mention that it was also 106 degrees yesterday? I would not hesitate to recommend them...and after 6 months of getting a boatload of things tended at our house, this company is among the best. Probably the biggest compliment I can give them is as they were cleaning and packing up, another neighbor came over to visit with Steve about how nice our house looks and could he give her an estimate.I posted my before and after pictures in his gallery...our house looks lovely again!
5	Paint Masters painted the interior of our home this week and did a great job!!! From the estimate to the final walk-thru they were very professional and knowledgeable.  We were impress with the quality of work they provided at a timely manner. A friend of ours referred us to Paint Masters and we plan to use them for all of our painting needs. I highly recommend Paint Masters, one of the best painting company in Las Vegas.
5	I hired Paint Master the crew I had was Welder's, AWESOME !! Welder could make the wand dance, ALL of the painters/workers were fantastic.  It was very obvious thatthey are perfectionist, take pride in their work.  They painted inside and out of my house, I did need some drywall repair Alberto took care of this AWESOME job plus he is one of the painters. I can't say enough about their work, but I will WARN you, if you want anything done make sure it is in writing with Steven the owner, no matter what you discuss with him make sure it lands on paper he will tell you one thing but it is not going to happen,  WRITING ONLY  I took him for his word, big mistakeon my part.
5	We bought a house that had been through a foreclosure and a flipping company about a year ago, and finally got round to having the exterior painted last week. We got a few quotes and decided to go with Paint Masters in part due to the good Yelp reviews.We set up an appointment for the Wednesday following the Friday I called them to accept their bid. They came out with 2 guys on the Tuesday to power wash the house and move all the junk (bbq, patio furniture etc) we have outside away from the house.Wednesday morning they turned up at 7:30 to get started. When I came home for lunch they had 5 or 6 guys up ladders scraping wood, repairing stucco and painting.At 5:30 I got a call that they'd be done in about 30 minutes more, and that Steve, the guy who we'd been dealing with, would meet me the next day for a final walkthough and make sure everything was good BEFORE they were paid (their emphasis, and a nice change from the way a lot of companies seem to do business).There were 1 or 2 minor touchup areas (probably took Steve about 10 minutes total, if that) and we were done.Paint Masters used Dunn Edwards paint and told us to go to the DE store to choose our colours, and tell them the paint codes. Very simple process.Before:https://scontent-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/t1.0-9/1551590_10152591680479418_1457745303_n.jpgAfter:https://scontent-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc3/t31.0-8/1669872_10152713716529418_356700894_o.jpg
5	This is an outstanding service company. They are polite and prompt on the phone. They gave a fair estimate and sound advice. Their crew arrived on time and prepped the exterior with great attention to detail. They finished in one day and the look is amazing. The clean up was just as professional as the prep. They are THE company to use for your painting needs.
5	I recently moved to Las Vegas and needed the exterior of my house painted. Not knowing any contractors in town I went based on Yelp reviews. After researching the painting contractors in Las Vegas I obtained a couple of estimates from the companies that had 5 stars and great Yelp reviews. I ultimately chose Paint Masters due to their fair pricing, references and professionalism. From the start we met Steve who was very friendly and knew what he was talking about. He had answered all of our questions and made us feel comfortable with his experience.The office manager called us a day before to confirm our start time and obtain colors. They came and power washed our home the day before and were here the next day at 7am to start the project. The painting crew amazed me on how focused they were throughout the whole project. You can tell these guys have been painting for years. They finished in 1 day and my house looks INCREDIBLE!!!The biggest compliment came from my neighbors who requested business cards so they can obtain an estimate as well. HIGHLY RECOMMEND PAINT MASTERS THEY ARE THE BEST!!
5	The best experience ever! I shopped around for many painters to repaint my houseAnd am so pleased that I used Paint Masters! They came 4 times to perfectly match our house color. They came with a huge group of painters, covered everything that did not need painting (plants, bushes, ect.). In just four days they power washed our home, prepped it, fixed the stucco, painted the house, doors, perimeter walls and our trim. No money was asked up front, only when the job was fully completed. Extremely careful with our property and plants ! No splashes anywhere. It was just a perfect job and I am extremely satisfied. Highly recommend !!!
5	We recently had our house interior painted by Paint Masters. Steve, the owner was professional and provided superb customer service. We were extremely thrilled with the overall personalized service the provided and their overall commitment to getting the job done. We highly recommend their services as their quality was phenomenal, and their overall operation was very professional and efficient!
5	Absolutely the best! Perfect job. Everyone from the office staff to Steve, Omar and the painters were professional and knowledgable. So neat! Not a speck of paint any where! I highly recommend this company!
5	Great company, great job. Very efficient. On time. Very reasonable price. Nice to see people who are expert at their jobs. No complaints at all.
5	I've been in construction for almost 50 years so I know quality materials and craftsmanship from inferior materials and poor work.  As such, I am particular and demanding.  Paint Masters did everything they said they would do and more. The young professionals at Paint Masters have an eye for detail. They were everything I hoped I would get when I hired Paint Masters to paint the exterior of my home. I had them sand the rough sawn facias smooth, some of which were 28' above the ground. I also had them caulk any cracks, holes and large seams. The crew worked fast and efficiently. They did a great job and I would recommend Paint Masters to anyone. I interviewed 7 painting contractors and only 3 would do what I wanted. Of the 3, the bids were within just $20 of each other, but Paint Masters had excellent reviews on Yelp so I hired them. From now on I will use Paint Masters when I need painting. The exterior of the house looks great and it has been protected for many years to come.
