1	All Subway foods probably taste the same- the main difference is service. Some Subways are incredibly slow, some places are dirty, etc.  What got me at this one was that the person making the sandwich put the lid for one of the food troughs on top of the plastic that separates the food from the customer, and it slid off and landed on the floor where customers walk in.  On my way out I picked it up and handed it to the person and she PUT IT RIGHT ON THE FOOD!  I will not be returning to this Subway.
2	It's Subway...tastes the same everywhere you go...at least this place is next to my gym and they get you in and out really quick! nuff said!
1	Terrible service, they made the wrong sandwich but I took it anyways cause I didn't want to wait any longer the bread was old and hard, never going there again!!
4	It's Subway!  Sandwiches at a reasonable price!  No complaints!
4	Food was very good for subway. The employee was very nice and was very good on detail will making my food. Wish the cookies where hot and fresh but meh Will try to be back.Thank you
3	Pros:1. They packed my sandwich full!!2. Friendly employees.3. Open 24 hours. 4. 5 minute walk from my place. 5. Their pastrami is delish! (Yes I know it's a chain not specializing in pastrami, but I still like it.) Cons:1. The floors were filthy. How am I supposed to enjoy my meal if you can't keep your vacinity clean? 2. The teenage boys hanging out on the corner table were kind of weird. They had their music blasting and were just chillin like it was their house. I didn't know subway was the new hit spot. 3. That oh so significant smell once you walk in. It's a Subway. What more can I say?
4	Since I work late, I stop by here about once a week to pick up dinner on my way home. This is usually around 1 a.m. when there is no long lunch line. Still, there always seems to be at least one customer hanging around. I am usually greeted pretty quickly, food is made very quickly to my specifications, and what can be more simple than that. I only give it 4 stars because once I came to give in to my sweet tooth and they were totally out of cookies. But, it was 3 in the morning and if I would have waited a whole six minutes I could have gotten some. But when you're tired and you just want to go home, six minutes is a long time.  Other than that,  no complaints.
