4	I love Tropical Smoothie! Their food is delicious and healthy, and it's one of my favorite lunch spots. The employees at this particular location suck to put it politely. They are constantly screwing up my order, giving me the wrong thing, or they simply take forever to make a flipping salad when the place is empty. Favorites:*Grilled Chicken Caesar salad (site claims it's 100 calories without dressing.. it's way too yummy to be only 100 calories!)*Pineapple Delight Smoothie (under 200 calories)
3	Mmmm, smoothies. I love them in all sorts of flavors, and Tropical Smoothie has a vast selection to choose from. My favorite is the Rockin Raspberry which is made with raspberries, strawberries and bananas. They also have a pretty tasty chicken salad sandwich. There is a special where you get a smoothie, your choice of salad or sandwich and either chips or fruit for $10. Sadly this is not the best Tropical Smoothie location I have gone to. On multiple occasions I have had to loudly repeat my order because the cashier could not hear me over the sound of the smoothie blenders. When a cashier can not hear your order, the chances of it being made incorrect goes way up. This location always seems a lot busier as well so be ready to wait, even if you call your order in...
4	This one's tucked away in a Strip Mall where there is a Food 4 Less grocery store, the original Makino location, Metro Pizza, and Sammy's Pastrami (read: there are lots of dining options in the immediate area). Although it's quite small (about 10 or less tables) like the Summerlin location, the staff is friendly and the tables are all clean and clear of food trays. The single bathroom is for customers only. Entertainment Book coupon participant (and don't forget to use the stamp card). We went here on saturday for lunch- there were only two other parties, so the place was pretty empty. We had two bistro sandwiches- turkey bacon ranch (turkey, bacon, swiss cheese, felid greens & tomatoes) &  and an ultimate club (ham, turkey, bacon, swiss, field greens, tomatoes, and bistro sauce- both on ciabatta bread (but the size is perfect, not over-the-top huge rolls) along with a Tropi-colada smoothie (pineapple, coconut, banana- my hubby's fave). I don't usually like sandwiches on ciabatta bread because they tend to be way too much bread (oversized) but the sandwiches here along with the wraps and smoothies really satisfy. (Maybe twice, we got wraps with fatty bacon, at a different location though- W. Charleston). (The sandwiches are good, but our absolute faves are the wraps- cordon bleu and jamaican jerk chicken.) Sides are chips, a banana or macaroni salad (? not for sure on what type of salad was offered). At under $10 per person, it's an excellent value. My husband and I are big fans of Tropical Smoothie Cafe and this one was pretty good- on par with the rest of them. I suspect the reason that it's empty is it's small and kinda in the inside corner (the elbow) of the strip mall.
5	Great prices and Extremely tasty food! You can feel so good eating here because it's all good for your body! I always feel like I spent my money well because they give nice sizes on everything. I went to two different locations with this cafe and never had any problems at either.I am a fan!
5	I always see this place all over vegas. So when I finally tried it I instantly fell in loveeeee!! I got the bahama mama smoothie and its sooo delish! My little sister got the mocha madness smoothie and in my opinion its kinda strong tasting but its still pretty good! And another plus is they have a happy hour thing and I believe it ends at 7. Its buy one get one for 99cents! Which is awesome! Because it comes in a huge cup! It actually filled me up! They have food as well but mostly deli type food like sandwiches, salads wraps, etc. whatever you decide to get you'll be satisfied with your choice :)
5	Probably my favorite Tropical Smoothie location in the city.I'm always satisfied when I come here!
2	If you are just looking for great smoothies, then this is the place. Anything else, SUCKS! Case in point: I took my wife and two boys there for lunch. I ordered the wasabi roast beef, my kids shared a salad, and my wife got a turkey sandwich. The sandwiches were about 6 bucks and some change. The salad was about the same price. This is where the FAIL is. The sandwiches were very small. I would have to eat at least 3 of them just to get rid of my hunger. The salad itself actually looked more satisfying then my roast beef and my wife's turkey! At 6+ bucks for a tiny sandwich I knew I wasnt coming back here for their "food". I had to get a mango magic smoothie just to get that "satisfied" feeling in my tummy. As the name implies, smoothies are the only thing good that they have here, hence the two stars.Service was so-so. My wife asked about their soup of the day. The cashier said they ran out. Really? Its only 12:10 in the afternoon and you ran out? The truth was they obviously didnt make any cuz I noticed the big container you would normally put soup in was ridiculously spotless. If they ran out then the container would have some evidence of something right? Dont tell me yall actually cleaned it right as it ran out!So from now on its nothing but smoothies for me if I ever venture in to any one of these places.
3	Good wraps, good smoothies, just be aware they add sugar to them, so you can order without sweetener, or with splenda, if you want to save calories.  Its pretty cheap, and overall not bad.  Its not swanky, its not trendy, its just a clean sport to grab something quick, and not feel like a hot lump of crap after you eat.
4	For my first time i went this plase en ihave the surprise. It has alot different k  flavor smooty i loved ..
3	Tropical Smoothie Cafe has bright tropical decor with fun table designs. 5 tables with a mix of regular and pub height tables.  There was one polite lady working, who took my order and had my smoothie ready to go in 1.5 mins.They have smoothies, salads and sandwiches.  I was really hoping for a green smoothie, but no luck here, just various fruit combinations.  Pretty wide selection with 12, 16 and 20 oz options.  They also have the usual battery of supplements/add-ons (multivitamin complex, weight management, immune booster, etc).  I ended up going for the peanut paradise...light peanut buttery tastebud joy.They do have wheatgrass shots (though not on the menu).  However, the crate of translucent green grass gave me pause, and sure enough, the shot lacked the distinctive oomph of a good wheatgrass shot.  Bummer.Affordable breakfast:  Smoothie + 2 oz wheatgrass = 8.37.   I can dig that.
3	Quick service, yummy smoothies, good prices, healthy options. Great spot for a quick and healthy breakfast in Vegas!
4	Good for breakfast, Lunch or even a snack. GREAT smoothies.My Absolute favorite is get up N Goji with added mango. YUM! Delicious.                                                                                                                                           They have a great selections, of sandwiches, wraps, smoothies, and more.                             Although they recently re did their menu and they don't have the sesame chicken salad. I was very disappointed so I had to settle for the turkey bacon ranch sandwich. but it is still quite yummy.                                                                                                                                            They also have a texting list you can get on for discounts & promotions. :)
3	I much prefer Jamba Juice than this place.Maybe it was an off-day for them, but they made my Hawaiian Breeze (pineapples, orange and non fat yogurt) very watered down =/  -1 star.Their drinks only comes in one size. I think it's 24oz. What happens if I don't feel like drinking this big ol smoothie during a random afternoon? What happens if I just wanted a small pick me up but I'm being forced to get my smoothie in this one big sized cup? I'm sure not everyone have an appetite to be drinking something that can make you full easily. -1 star.I'm sorry Jamba Juice...I will never stray away again.
1	Waited 20 min before the girl told Us its a 30 min wait..... Didn't know that it take 30 min to make one smoothie.... Would not recommend any one to go before she didn't even seem like she wanted to take our order
5	love this place.  I go few times a week when I finish work and the kiwi-quncher is the best!!!
1	I am soooooo upset.....i was really looking forward to going here for quiet some time....Unfortunately, i never had the chance to try it due to the horrible costumer service.  The man behind the counter didn't know what the heck he was doing back there.  I asked, what i thought to be, a few pretty easy and important questions.  He had no answers for me and looked blankly from me to the menu.  When he did speak it was so quiet and muffled i had no clue what he was saying, and I said a few times...what?...pardon?....huh??....WTF?.....So i walked out. Super bummed though.  I will go back if he is not working or try their other location.  I'm dying for a peanut butter smoothie......A hopefully better reveiw later !!!
2	Though the name sounds healthy, about 99.5% of the stuff on the menu is near or more than 1000 calories. Sodium is very high so beware.
2	I was third in line and waited a half hour for some smoothies. They were calling people's names for other orders and two of the orders were wrong. There were only 2 people working one making smoothies working the register and the other making sandwhiches. They could use some more help for sure. A person who seemed to be a manger came and and was in a bad mood, not very friendly attitude to the people working or ordering.
1	Avoid!!! Has a B health code rating. I tipped $5 on a $20 order and it still took them 20 minutes to get my food. When I received my sandwich, there was barely any lettuce on it, and both my friend and I got the ends of a tomato (the part thy should really just throw away). Attached is a picture of the sandwich. Also, they messed our smoothies up and mixed up our order. Downright terrible!
1	Worst customer service ever! Aracelli's manners were appalling to say the least. Next time say thank you and smile when you get a tip!!! I'll never come back to this location again!!
5	The smoothies are great and very tasty! I wish they would have warned me about the multivitamin shot addition making it taste like the pill Form not too good in a smoothie but aside from that always great service and good smoothies. Haven't tried their food so no reviews on that.
1	Love the product, but this location is slow. A 20 minute wait for a wrap. I'd go to another location.
1	Does the management not check their Yelp account? Because it seems like that they STILL haven't done anything about the terrible service. Jezabel, or whatever her name was, took my order over the phone & answered impatiently to my questions with "YEA." "OKAY.". I figured they were busy so I brushed off her snooty attitude...until SHE HUNG UP ON ME WITHOUT EVEN ASKING FOR MY NAME OR EVEN SAYING BYE.Another time I came in there were two workers in the kitchen chatting away & laughing obnoxiously while they saw me standing in the front, all while I was in a rush. Then after I got my smoothie it was tasteless. No taste of fruit whatsoever. I thought it was just mine, but other people who got a smoothie from the same location said they had the same crappy, tasteless smoothie. I usually come here because it's convenient for me, but I've had it. I am never coming back to this horrible location.I wish Yelp gave the option to not give any stars.
5	Delicious Blue Lagoon Smoothie $5 and Chicken Salad Sandwich $7. Totally beats paying $15 for a bowl of pho at Treasure Island or a small personal pan pizza at Caesar's palace for $16! Blue Lagoon smoothie consists of blueberries, strawberries, and bananas. Their cups reminded me of Jamba Juice's and Tastea's cups. Great find off the strip with ample parking. The food and drinks didn't take that long to prepare even though there were only two workers at the time.
5	Visiting from LA and decided to make a pit stop before heading home. This place is very good. I will be sure to visit again. The strawberry and basil lemonade smoothie definitely saved me from this desert heat. I also had the Jamaican jerk wrap which was delicious!
3	Went on the annual National Flip Flop Day - http://www.tropicalsmoothiecafe.com/funraisingI showed my flip flops and got a free smoothie, and gave donation more than the smoothie was worth. :)Good cause = good excuse to get a smoothie!
5	Awesome customer service at this location. Stopped in on a busy 4th of July.. Cody and Pablo killed it. Good job guys!!
5	One of my favorite places! If I had the cash I would franchise my own! I always get the get up and goji & all American wrap! Enjoy!
1	These people are morons. Put sugar in when ask for no sugar . Give you wrong food. It has happened more then once. Dumb dumbs
2	Guy was talking on his cellphone while making my smoothie. He was nice but still was not following health codes.
2	We wanted to grab something sorta-kinda healthy and fast and this Tropical Smoothie Cafe was the nearest option.  Not impressed by this location.  Only one staff member to take orders/make food/operate cash register/clean interior.  Granted, it wasn't busy when we dropped by (there were 3 other customers ahead of us), but what if the place got BUSY?  Disaster.  The floors were kind of dirty, the bathroom was not acceptable (weird smell inside and felt "sticky"--doorknobs/taps), and tabletops were hit and miss.  Our food was good, though, so that was a plus.  It is just unfortunate that so many other details were ignored due to understaffing and neglect.
4	I love this location because it's not too far from where I stay at but I find myself driving around looking for parking at times which sucks! Lol! The workers at this location are very friendly.. :)
5	Island green and peanut butter cup are my hitters! Those are the two of my go to's. The wraps are pretty good too
3	This location is just ok. Set back in a strip mall, I typically prefer the drive thru locations. They don't give me any trouble redeeming coupons, which I appreciate.The shop is small and the tables are wobbly so take your food and smoothies to go.
