4	Since quitting smoking my coffee intake dropped off for several years, due to the powerful association between the two. It's only recently that I've felt like I could enjoy a cuppa Joe without wanting to suck on a lung rocket. Enter Starbucks, the only conveniently located coffee shop on my way to work. Starbucks are pretty much all the same when it comes to delivering decent, consistent coffee. This location is no exception. What really impressed me was the excellent customer service. On my very first visit I ordered my drink then immediately realized that I had left my wallet at home. The cashier didn't even blink, he just told me not to worry about it, they'd cover it. For a regular customer this would be great service, but for a first time visitor? Good stuff. While not an every day thing, I will definitely be stopping in once or twice a week. Thanks Starbucks!
3	Normally not too busy but the staff is less than friendly and not very quick to get you in and out.  I wanted to blonde roast the other day and the cashier said "um, we are out and I'd have to make another batch of it."  Had he of asked me if I wanted to wait I would have said yes but he didnt even offer!  Normally I have pretty good luck with service at Starbucks but this one is hit or miss!
1	This Starbucks is okay.  I only come here because its the only one on my way to work.  Their staff can be rude and unfriendly, they make you feel like you're not as important as the other customers are their friends are they know.  I think I'm going to have to find another Starbucks even if that means I have to go out of my way....  ::(
4	Love this Starbucks because of the booths.I do homework here, and reallllly dislike it when all I have to choose from are two cushioned chairs (that are always being taken up by the old guys with their newspapers-- no offense, I know they go their first and fair is fair) and a bunch of hardwood chairs... what can I say, I like a little cushion on my butt.  Can you blame me?no. no is the answer to blaming me.anyway, their drinks are all right, the baristas are friendly (some a strange, but overall a friendly bunch)I used to work at Starbucks eons ago so I'm really picky and I like this one.so patron it.holler.
3	Ok, so I'm sitting here now at this starbucks doing a job search.  I've been here several times before, on and off over the past few months.  This starbucks isn't so bad, but here's what I've noticed since coming here.The staff is always friendly and helpful.  I like that about this place, and they really know their stuff.  The place is a long narrow suite, so seating is kind of tight, but ample.  Not a lot of room to spread out, but decent enough that you can at least move around a bit.One of the downsides is that if your here to use the wifi, its free! (hooray!) the downside?  Good luck getting a plug! There's only two plugs available for devices at either end of the store.  If your stuck in the middle, I hope your battery has a long life! Plus, a few times that I have been here, There have been plug hogs who use all the outlets! Yes, theres only two, but who's the butthead who needs to charge their phone AND computer at a starbucks?  If your going to be here a while, I hope your battery life is good!They do have outside seating with umbrellas, but their not always open.  Parking is ample, and its not half bad.  Great hours, etc.  Swing by if you have a chance, and you can get your coffee and wifi on like me!  Definitely not the greatest Starbucks in town, but not the worst either.
3	OK location, small with limited seating. Staff are not friendly at all. Meh.
3	Ordered a grande latte and asked with no flavor (can't have sugar or anything), almond milk (no flavor at this location), so got it with soy milk instead.  After I tasted it, I can taste the syrup flavor in the coffee, I asked for no flavor because I know they would put something like syrup in it and they screwed something this easy.  Starbucks need to retrain their baristas to make sure they can listen better.  I went around lunch time but the store wasn't all that busy at all.  They need to pay more attention on what the customers need and not just about how much money they can get from it.  I never had any problems asking what I want at other locations, not sure why this is a problem.  I'll probably give them another try if the management would reply this message back to me to see how we can resolve this issue.
3	This Starbucks is much more interesting inside from an architectural standpoint than most that I've been to, at least in the U.S. There's a patio area, a long and narrow sitting area, and small bathrooms to the left when you walk in. There is not much room in there so when they are busy good luck finding and indoor seat. The wi-fi is good. There are hardly any plug-ins though so be aware of that if you decide to do some online stuff there. The staff is nice and pretty quick most of the time. They have never made my or my mother's drink wrong. I can't say that for every location. The parking is usually pretty good as well, although the plaza it sits in is notoriously hard to get in and out of with the ongoing light rail construction. Overall I would recommend this location for a quick stop in or for a coffee during the mid-day when they are slightly slower.
4	This might be my favorite Starbucks on any of my usual routes. The parking lot and surrounding road construction is a little on the annoying side, but if you plan for it there's usually no problem.The inside is on the smaller side. Not a lot of indoor seating but a good amount of tables outside. I've never been here when there are less than 3 people working behind the counter, and I'm quite impressed that they are as efficient as they are with such limited space.My drink here has always been correct, quick, and service is always friendly.
