3	I've lived here with my wife since we got married back in January and have been satisfied with our living arrangements. The apartments are in fair condition and some have been updated in the recent years with new appliances and other things. Pros: Two pools! There is a wading pool at the office that can fit plenty of swimmers and sunbathers on any given day. Taken care of frequently and has space for parties or grillouts if you're interested. Maintenance is very speedy here. We called about a leaky sink and they showed up within 10 minutes and replaced our faucet with a brand spanking new one! Cons: Staff tends to be a little unorganized at times. They have had some issues with papers being filed and the mail system, if you get a package delivered to the office, is a dysfunctional experience every time. Not that this can't be fixed, but it tends to impede your day if in a hurry. The roads are pretty chewed up within the neighborhood. Lots of little pot holes here and there. Would appreciate these being patched up. Baybrook tends to be rather loud for us living in buildings along this street. Cars fancy a full-throttle exit/entrance onto this road nightly. The Retreat has a few things to fix but with a minor band-aid type approach!
3	I've successfully lived in this apartment complex for nearly 4 years now. I knew upon moving in that there wouldn't be much "WOW" happening, but I wasn't looking for "WOW." It's simply a good little place to live. Pros:* Very reasonably priced for rent, and some of the units are updated with new appliances and cabinets.* Good amenities: 24-hour fitness center, two pools, dog park, tennis court, etc.* Maintenance responds within a decent amount of time - but not in any hurry.* Under new management, still getting their bearings, but are trying to do things right.* Staff is friendly, if a little disorganized.Cons:* As my husband mentioned, the mail system is less-than-optimal* The units are a little old, and most need new roofing - sometimes water leaks into the ceilings* Rent hikes - the rent has gone up predictably each renewal cycle since I moved in, but that's about standard, I guess.* Children are constantly playing around the cars in our parking area, which can be dangerous, since they're riding their bikes and running in front of traffic. Very frustrating. Don't want to end up squashing a little one just because the parents aren't paying attention.All in all, if you're looking for an affordable apartment location convenient to South Park and Ballantyne, The Retreat is your best bet. Apartments less than a mile away are significantly more expensive, and not really worth it.
1	This complex was awesome until the new owner bought it in October 2013. Because there are no parcel drop boxes and the office no longer holds packages (and USPS does not deliver to individual apts), any package is an automatic 7 mile round trip to the post office during business hours. Maintenance has suffered. There is now a $10 additional charge to pay your rent online. The entrance is littered with signs, balloons, and some pretty obnoxious used car lot type advertising (a 30ft red Flappy Man.)Best of all, we were all just informed we were being offered an "early bird special" which means we have 24 hours to renew leases (mine isn't up for 4 months) at a "reduced" rental increase or if we wait past 24 hours, rent increases significantly. This is on top of trash/ pest/ sanitation/ recycling going from $8 a month to $52 a month on top of rent. For me, living by myself, I'm now paying $8 per bag of trash I throw away. Also, they are doubling monthly pet rent. The facility is quiet and decent. The pool is nice. The new owner is unpredictable and greedy. Property maintenance has suffered. I *loved* living here until all this nickel and diming started. And it does not include cable or door to door trash collection like at Camden and other places for about the same money. No bang for your buck here.Update 12/19/13...the office has been pestering me with pushy emails about signing my lease or giving my notice. My lease is not up until March 14. Add harassment.
