5	Finally made it into Olive This after they had been open for a month! These fine ladies opened up shop in Piper Glen Shopping Center and they are more than welcome to stay, in my opinion. A very simple shop with more infused, freshly crushed, and hybrid olive oils, white balsamics and regulars than I've ever seen in one place. We waltzed in after a short walk from our homestead to check out their digs. Kara, owner, greeted us and allowed her associate to show us the ropes. She walked us through multiple varieties of olive oils and vinegars. She gave us a fantastic abridged education on tasting the products and then we were off to the races. Sampling left and right, watching our eyes light up from the magnificent flavors of the different varieties. It's a foodie haven/heaven. The staff is very knowledgeable and willing to help you find what YOU want to cook with. They ask what you typically prepare and help you find the best suited products(s).We ended up buying a bottle of the lemon ginger white balsamic. It's incredibly aromatic, sweet, sour, and works wonders on a multitude of dishes! I'm not much of a salad guy, but it's amazing on some greenery.If you love to cook, this is a great place to explore. You'll find yourself in a candy store-esque type of daze as you go through all of the options. Can't wait to visit again!
4	Stopped in to check it out, and loved the experience. I wasn't expecting a personalized tasting tour of their oils and balsamic vinegars, complete with fresh bread for dipping but was delighted with the personal shopping experience with my wonderful sales person. YUM. They have 3 walls filled with delicious oils and vinegars of different varieties, and they encourage tasting (and even give a "how to taste" demonstration to get the most out of the product). I was very excited to sample the many flavorful oils. It was so much fun and inspired me to try and come up with some fun recipes that incorporate the oils and vinegars. I was especially impressed with the variety of plain (non-infused) olive oils, from light to full bodied. I never realized how different they could taste! I purchased several gifts and some oil and vinegar for myself, and can't wait to go back again soon when I have more time. This will be a must-see when my mom comes to town, and definitely going to be on my Christmas shopping list.
5	I found Olive This on Yelp while looking for some place new to go with my family while I was visiting them in Charlotte.  We walked in and were greeted by one of the owners who gave us a quick overview of the layout of the store and how to taste the oils and vinegars.  My mom didn't seem all that interested at first, but after being forced by my sister and I to try some of the oils and vinegars, she joined in and said several times throughout the day what a pleasant surprise this store was.  The owner who helped us truly loves what she does and her passion and enthusiasm rubs off on you as you sample and browse.  She gave us ideas on how to use the different flavored oils, such as using the fruity flavored oils in place of canola or vegetable oil in baked goods for an extra flavor punch.  She also suggested flavor combinations that I never would have put together, such as the spicy harissa oil with the sweet tangy strawberry balsamic vinegar.  It was sweet and flavorful with just a little lingering heat on the back end.  I was completely ready to buy two big bottles but then I noticed a table in the center of the store with tiny pre-packaged oil and vinegar gift sets.  One of these sets was called "Sweet Heat" and was the harissa oil and strawberry balsamic!  The smaller bottles enabled me to get the unique combination to try at home and be able to buy another bottle of something else!  These sets would be great for hostess gifts, unique holiday gifts, or a gift for yourself.  I also got a bottle of the Sicilian Lemon White Balsamic Vinegar which was out of this world.If I was forced to say anything bad about this place, it would be that while I was checking out, I noticed a cake stand with little bread squares for tasting the oils and had wished that we knew about that when we walked in.  Drinking straight oil out of a little cup feels kind of odd and the bread would have been nice for tasting. But clearly that didn't bother me too much since I still gave them a 5 star review and I will, without a doubt, come back to shop the next time I'm in Charlotte.
5	Very helpful stuff. Willing to share ideas on oil/vinegar combos. Really seemed to have passion for the business which, like their array of white balsamic vinegars, was quite refreshing.
5	Absolutely love this place. Service was great. Very helpful with the pairing. If you are looking to try something new or need a gift idea then this is the place. I highly recommend it. :)
5	Every home needs a nice balsamic vinegar and olive oil! This is the place to come for home and gifts! Staff is very knowledgable and make recommendations! Love love love
5	I got the Koroneiki Olive oil and a traditional balsamic vinegar. They are fabulous. The Olive Oil has to be the freshest I have ever had. Love this place.
5	We held a private event at the store last night and loved sampling the products. The owners are very friendly and excellent in suggesting combinations and sharing recipes. Purchased some great gifts!
