3	I've been coming here for about 8 years. Almost every Friday after work for the last 8 years with my brother for drinks and ass whippin. (I'm extremely competitive.... and of course we are related so that adds to it) The area of town is pretty hood. I've seen some shady shit transpire both in the building and out front. It's on 40th St. & and Thomas, what do you expect. The drink pour can be good or bad depending on the bartender (Shane is rad) and there really isn't anything to grub on worth mentioning (they have some crappy fried bar food) but I still consider Click's my go to pool hall. Oh, and they recently added a patio from which you can get your smoke on and watch the dumpster divers in action. High class ass if you ask me...
4	So...this is the spot in the valley if you are a serious Foosball player....pool is gay. It's got a ton of  pool tables but what I liked is that it has 4 Foosball tables and these are 4 tornado tournament Foosball tables which are the best tables 2 play on, it is a dollar a game and is the home of the Arizona Foosball league. The staff is really friendly and very helpful and the bar is clean and has plenty of flat screen TV's with pretty much any sport you want. I enjoyed this place thoroughly.
2	OK, so I went back to Clicks for a second time to hopefully get in on some Foosball action, the first time I was there it was in the middle of the afternoon, so i had some time to explore it, and was pretty much the only person there, this time it was a Sunday night, the bar only had about 12 people in it, kind of surprising considering it is a pool hall with sport bar theme, on a football night I was surprised it was as dead as it was. The drinks were over priced for a sports bar, I mean Fox Sports Grill shits all over this place, so to charge 8 bucks for a vodka, soda water, with a splash a cran for my date was I thought ridiculous. The beers I ordered tasted a bit warm and did not really help my vote.. The service was poor, the Native American behind the bar bartending and the waitress seemed like she hated all white people and was mad at me because some one in my linage fought with General Custard or something. Anyways to say the least this experience was quite poor from what I expected, I am going to give this place another shot cause I still have not hit it on a Friday or Saturday, but up to now I am a bit disappointed.
4	Click's is one of the cleanest, safest pool halls in town. Sure it's on 40th Street and Thomas, and to anybody from Scottsdale who think "Anything south of Shea is Ghetto", then yes, the neighborhood Click's is in could be intimidating. Click's is an awesome place, who LOVE their customers. They offer different nights with various discounts, IE. Student night, Hospitality Industry Night, Military Night, etc. There is definitely ways to have fun, drink some beer and do it for cheap. They have 9' and 8' tables, their house cues are in pretty decent shape. They have 6 beers on tap and a full bar. Shane, the GM/bartender/bouncer/Emcee/table cleaner, is a good guy, who wants everyone to have fun. Don't come here to get bar food, just rack 'em up and drink some beers.
3	Honestly, it is worth 3.5 stars if Clicks can guarantee I will play 9-ball this well every time I come here...I will update accordingly. Don't you automatically love any place that "let's you" sink two 9 balls off the break; has Harry the happy, confused, and slightly musically scattered "DJ/JukeBox Guard" offering to play the Pixies for you because he likes a good "Irish band;" pleated shorts wearing, awkward leg crossing, nowhere near Vincent Lauria dude, playing the best of the 90's club music; and people ordering Pina Coladas at a pool hall...Don't you? The tables are in decent shape and they come in the 8' and 9' variety...and if you are lucky, you can blame your bad shot on a stray bug crawling across the table. Still, the tables are plentiful and in good shape. Clicks has that worn, but not too worn, yes its OK to be drinking a beer here on Easter, and playing some pool feeling. Come on, you know what I mean. Also, if your manhood, or womanhood, is taken at the pool tables, you can switch to darts or Foosball. Great place for some pool and a drink (maybe not a Pina Colada)...and if you are lucky, Harry will let you play Debaser or maybe some Clapton if you are hoping Eddie walks through the door.
3	Played pool here on a Monday night and it was DEAD.  Still had fun though.  They have a back patio to smoke on.  They have lots of pool & foosball tables.  Jukebox was a plus.  The bartender was nice and they had Shock Top on tap, which is also always a plus.  Oh, and she made me a Great bloody mary, yum!
4	I play in a league here every Tuesday, and I love it.  It gets me out off the house and I get to hang with my friends and play some pool and knock a few back.  The tables are good, the bar staff is friendly, but they do go through servers rather quickly.  As soon as a server knows your drink order they are gone :(  All in all I really like my Tuesday nights at Clicks.
4	I went there just to get a pint before going to see a movie and ended up staying on a Friday night (really wasn't in the mood to see the movie anyway). Free pool on Fridays, good Guinness, and Free poker on Friday nights. Had a blast playing poker, chatting with people who were professors/slackers/gamers. Nice Jukebox, although pricey. Dropped like $20 in 10 minutes for a couple songs, but that's not too unfamiliar.Definitely somewhere I would go back to a lot :)
4	Whenever I'm up for a game of pool, Clicks is only a short drive away.  There is always a table available and a tasty inexpensive draft beer to be had.  The staff is always attentive, and the specials are worth showing up for.  Even the food is okay after a few drinks.6/25/11 Drove by clicks the other day and it is now closed...
1	CLICKS IS CLOSED.GOOD LUCK to the great staff who worked so hard!  RIP Click's Billiards!
