4	What would Saturday be without a gyro & fries special?!
2	So we have friends who love this place and decided to check it out.  Check in was quick. The girl who took our order was in training and from what I saw she was pretty new.Hubby tried to order the chicken stir-fry without veggies and we should've known then the food wasn't going to be very good.  The cashier told us it all comes together and cannot be separated so he got the grilled chicken breast and a side of rice.  It was ok.I ordered the flounder and shrimp platter with a fresh fruit cup and vegetable soup.  The shrimp was pretty good.  LOVED the hushpuppies.  Everything else was definitely not good.  The fruit was old and actually rotten looking.  Returned it and got the steamed veggies but they tasted gross and the soup tasted like it was out of a cheap can..not even a Campbell's can.  Needless to say we will not be back anytime soon.
3	Fast and quick..... Usually go here for a quick salad or some fried comfort foods.  Although this last trip was disappointing since they closed 1 hr before we got there.  I guess they are cutting back on hours.  3pm on Sundays...  at least we know for next time.Food is not overpriced, you are ordering from the counter and a server brings it to you, so no extra tip needed.  Just don't come here with a lot of expectations - it's in between fast food place and a sit-down which is something I need sometimes.
4	Great little fast-casual dining option that caters to families. The folks that work here are friendly and quite helpful.  If you are not in the mood for fried food, don't worry - they have a good greek salad that you can order with grilled chicken. You can get this in a shell or you can have pita bread on the side.  Prices are good.
3	Showmars. What's different about the massive chain? Lets just say, there are very slight distinctions of each one. Each one puts their own twists on their menus. For this one, I really enjoy it because they offer a Philly Cheesesteak Pita. However, the only one thing is that the cheese they use for the default pita is Cheddar Cheese...Who has ever heard of a Philly Cheesesteak with Cheddar Cheese?! That was probably the most disappointing thing I have to say about this Showmars. Other than that, it's like every other showmars you'll find in the Charlotte area.
5	A 5 star review...woohoo!! Showmar's deserves it,  and not just this location...but all of them. Yep this is a chain, a small local to the Charlotte area chain. Their tag line is "Casual Dining....Fast" and they do not disappoint. Greek based dishes are done to perfection, and they cross the line to American food with ease. My favs are the grilled chicken chef salad (huge) and the Old fashioned pita burger. The menu is varied enough to not tire of certain dishes and the prices are great. Although I have only eaten at about half of the 27 locations I feel comfortable giving Shomar's a blanket 5 star rating. Bottom line.....great food and service at a great price, enjoy.
5	We go here often for lunch and the service is top notch with the food being fresh and delicious each time.  The ladies will come around to check and see how everything is with a smile and will be fast to offer you a drink refill.  Popcorn ice- BONUS!!  Clean, casual and always enjoyable:)
5	A friend introduced me to Shomars over ten years ago and I've been sold ever since. Nine out of ten times I get the flounder and have never had a bad meal there, nothing but fresh and flaky, not greasy or heavy as in some of the restaurants that are solely fish places, no pun intended.  Great service, and great iced tea, a southern MUST.
3	good veggie wrap
4	Always good. My daughter loves it! Matthews location has great customer service!
2	Apparently in the south it is common to enter a restaurant, place an order with a cashier, take a number and await one's food.  I find it odd, but then again, I can go with the flow.  My husband and I  had the gyros and a side salad.  This simple order required major undertaking as the cashier insisted that we could not have the side salad as requested and kept increasing the size of the salad.  A trip to the displayed menu at the entrance of the restaurant helped her to see our request and it then proceeded without further delay.  Our local area has many casual dining locations which feature a gyro and I have to say, our local fare is better.  Once seated the staff provided refills on our water and the beverages of our dining companions.  The table staff was very pleasant and timely in their refills.I don't like fried food and I lament that I and my clothing and hair smelled of fried food when I left this establishment.  I think their exhaust system needs to be tweeked.  That said, people love their fried fish.  A large family group sat near us and spoke quite loudly about subject matter unfitting to the consumption of food.  I think I will refrain from returning to this particular restaurant.
4	A Charlotte tradition. And treasure. Nothing fancy, just fast caz -- before it was fast caz, let it be known -- grill fare, with a few outriggers like fried flounder and really solid gyros. And salads.Oh, and burgers? The "fresh never frozen" tagline seems from a by-gone age, but it is real -- and you can taste it. Best description I can come up with is a dime store lunch counter burger, where everything is churned out to order. The Old Fashioned (American cheese, mustard, slaw, chili and onions) is just that.Fries and onion rings are nice, and the aforementioned flounder is among the best I've had anywhere -- and fried shrimp is very popular as well. Both can be on special at an given time. But for me the gyros and gyro salads are the draw, the latter in particular. Big bowl of veggies, tangy Greek vinaigrette, and creamy tzatziki along for the ride. Big slices of gyro meat and pita wedges slapped on top. If there is a better quick, yummy, filling lunch out there for $8 I have not had it.Oh, and asked for your iced tea half-and-half -- that way you'll get just enough sweet without a coma. Service is bright and cheerful, but kinda assumes a certain grasp of the menu that may not be obvious to newbies. Such is the price of visiting a Metrolina institution.
3	Our second trip to Showmars for lunch today.  Our meals were delivered to our table very quickly.  The food was good, especially the gyro meat.  I have had better pitas and Greek salads.  The fries were also very common, nothing special.  However, if you want fast service and good, not great Greek food, Showmars is the place for you.
1	Their website is confusing as to what location has what special. The specials should be the same across the board.Management does not seem to care much. They have repeatedly screwed up orders, which when you are a to-go customer, is HUGELY inconvenient.This is the LAST time I will give them my business.
