3	As a young infant I used to sigh at the thought of buying my school shoes from what used to be an oh so dreary establishment.  Now, a little more mature, I use Barretts as an occasional bargain spot as they often sell shoes available in the nearby Office a hell of a lot less expensiveGreat for 'practical' shoes and the odd inexpensive replica. Not bad at all.
1	I once bought a pair of black court shoes in here. After a couple of wears, I noticed the "leather" was peeling away around the heel. I returned them to which I was told I was clearly scraping that part of my foot on the ground. Bearing in mind these were high heels. Take a moment and think about if you were wearing high heels and you walked around scraping the inside if your heel on the ground. Apart from being impossible, this was completely ridiculous. I didn't get my refund and for that reason I will never shop in Barratts again.
2	Barratts always reminds me of the later years of primary school, before the days of shaving and pus-ridden acne, but just as you were becoming aware of clothes and caring about your appearance. During this period, shoes from Barratts were the ultimate humiliation, particularly if they came from the infamous "Back to School" selection.Cheap and nasty, you could perhaps get away with a pair of black school shoes but there was no hiding if you got caught with Barratt trainers. As a posh, stuck-up and nasty little brat I never did, but John Howe "the benefits kid" never lost his nickname, though he didn't help the situation by continuing to eat Iceland own-brand crisps all through high school.
3	I guess Barratts is a-okay, it isn't the most exciting shoe shop on the planet but it's by no means at the same level at the likes of Shoe Zone where my gran quite literally stepped out of the rubber sole of her shoe.Barratts comes up trumps for mothers looking for school shoes for the kids and they have a good selection at competitive prices. They also have a large range of heels and wedges but they never seem to manage to look as good as other high street stores. I also noticed a few nice pairs of pumps, they had an exceptionally cute pairs with little cherries on them and I lap that kind of stuff up like there's no tomorrow. That said, they have nicer, cheaper pumps in New Look so I think I'll stick with them.
2	Shoes and lots of them.Ask me 5 years ago and I would have said yes to cheap and cheerful.But now I have sort of grown up and come to appreciate a few keys facts:- yes the pumps are not over 20 pounds. They will disintegrate at the first sign of a drizzle. You are in Scotland . It will drizzle. Lots.- investing in a good pair of shoes is wise. My granny was right: You will pay the price with a cheap set of heels eventually. I am not saying you should go all out and pay your months rent on a pair. But perhaps investing a bit more might mean your shoes will make it through the night and your feet will be in a better shape. Plus you won't walk as funny. Balanced heels are key.Barrats offers a very wide selection of shoes which are in style. You can tell that they aren't the best quality but if you are used to buying lots of shoes than this place might have a bargain for you. Its seemingly prices doesn't make it cheap cause you will have to buy a new pair sooner rather than later.
2	Let me give you a simple eqation here.school shoes + barrats = public humiliation and segregation from peers.Yep, lets just have a look at this place - lots and lots of cheap and nasty shoes. Poorly designed, poorly made and poorly sold. Poor, poor, poor.The shoes always look like something the school bully would take your lunch money for, which incidently would be more than the cost of the shoes in the first place. This may sound good, but that lunch money, by tomorrow evening will be buying you more shoes from Barrats if it has been raining - as I said, badly made.Not a nice shoe shop.
3	I can't say I've ever had the same problem with Barratt's as everyone else has!Barratt's has always had the air of being a cheaper shoe store than its fancier competitors, but recently they have attempted to up their game and steer away from their previously plain image. They now sell trendy comfort brands such as Rocket Dog and Skechers which appeal to children and adults alike. They have a nice shoe seletion for women, and keep up with high street fashion.A lot of their stock lacks the gloss of brands sold in Schuh, but they do try and appear to have more street cred than before. I actually bought a pair of trainers in here the other day and although their stock still lacks the sassy element of Office, they have certainly improved. The shoes I bought are quite up to date and would pass for an Urban Outfitters style of slip on. It's worth a second look for boots and shoes. If you're comfortable wearing shoes from Primark then you might get lucky in Barratt's - there's not much difference, other than Barratt's shoes are less likely to cave in after 5 wears!
4	I kind of have to agree with the general uncool vibe coming from fellow yelpers about Barratts - but there's nothing wrong with their shoes!! I used to quite like coming here to get my school shoes, figure out what trend i would be setting (take note - setting, not following ;) ). I once got the coolest pair of little Alice black pumps and I wore them with white socks - I was the coolest kid in town.Unlike most other high street shoe shops, a pair of Barratt Shoes will last you a lifetime. No holes or flapping soles here thank you very much. And all for a really reasonable price!
