2	While this post office is not horrible....it is dreadfully understaffed....as most post offices seem to be today. It takes forever to conduct business at this location....and considering it is right of the 101 and Greenway exit.....you would think they would know they would have heavy traffic there. I mean there is a strip mall.....Fresh & Easy market....a school....and a Apartment complex all within walking distance of this location. Yet no matter what time of day....Mon-Fri....rain or shine....hot or cold....holidays or non-holidays.....etc....the lines are forever and a day.....and the staff doesn't seem to really care. I am forced to go here quite a bit because it is close to my Apartment....and while I don't do much business at all there....it would be nice to go and buy a stamp or mail off something international without having to wait almost an hour to do it. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	This particular location seems to not have as long of a line as others... but of course that could be timing.  Anyhow, I hit up this US Post Office because it is close to my house.  There isn't anything over the top great, nor is there anything so over the top awful.  Basically, it's a post office, people.
4	So I just reviewed AZ Property management and said I had to send a Certified letter, well this is where I sent it from! They were very helpful as to what I should send and the guy even made a xerox copy for me, even though they are NOT supposed to!Over all they do a great job, but I have been here many times that they don't do a great job, so they get 4 stars from me!
1	Although the USPS has been an "employee owned" entity since the 80's, it's still regulated and overseen by the Federal Government, which means, that Postal Employee's can get away with doing absolutely nothing, and when they get fired, they can sue and get their jobs back, with back pay, can you believe that.That being said, this branch sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!  I have been told by members of management that they are to busy to ensure that Box Mail get put into the correct boxes......................WTF, can you believe that, they are just to busy to deliver the mail properly.  If they put it in the wrong box, it sits there until the person that has that box checks the mail and returns it for being in the wrong box.  Yes this has happened to me.  I have waited up to six weeks to get mail sent to my P.O. Box.  and this is for my business.  Not only are they to busy to get it right, they DO NOT CARE.  They have returned mail stating that my box is closed and that I did not leave a forwarding address................. Yep, that rights, they have done this at least 3 times.  The one time I was sent of photo of the package and I filed a complaint with the Postal Inspector, and since it wasn't in their jurisdiction, they downgraded it to a minor complaint.  I was told by the customer service rep, that she was going to speak to the Manager of the Branch and have him request that my mail is properly delivered to my box.  She must not have heard me when I stated the I was told by management they were to busy to ensure mail was delivered properly.  The last thing about the P.O. Boxes, if you plan your trip by the times posted on the wall, do not expect the mail to actually be in the boxes by the time on that sign.  I have also been in after the box mail was supposed to be delivered, nothing in my box, went back that evening and sure enough there was mail in my box.  Again I was told that if someone called in sick or if they were "short" staffed, that the box mail WAS NOT A priority, again WTF.  As far as staffing, I have been in line with a bunch of other people, waiting for what seemed like FOREVER, there were 4 or 5 clerks, taking care of customers, and one clerk just decided that it was break time, and left.  The dozen or more people waiting for services were left waiting, the customers didn't matter, and yes I have delayed going on a break due to a "rush".So why, do you ask, do I use the branch, simple, it would cost me to much money to have all my business cards reprinted.  Not to mention the hassle of changing all the addresses.  I know I will in the near future have to make that switch, and will do so willing, but I will coordinate it with my business card reprinting.  That is unless there is some major improvement, but as the USPS is going bankrupt, I don't see that happening anytime soon.Maybe it's time the only LEGAL Monopoly allowed in the United States goes out of business, but that is just me.
2	It is your everyday post office, nothing fancy.  Expect long lines before holidays and tax day.
1	"I have no idea what I'm doing right now".... The exact sentence an extremely long line of people waiting want to hear from one of two employees working at 4:36 pm when the location closes at 5:00 pm. No wonder everyone in front of me has a frown and looks to be in a bad mood.
1	This  lady with the name of Vicky, she is so rude. She was rude to me and gave me nothing but attitude today . She is blonde , chubby. So watch out , don't let her treat you bad . If she does , call her supervisor right away . Her supervisor is so nice and friendly . I don't know why the Post office hired someone who is rude and unprofessional like Vicky ..
5	This last week one of our clients mailed us their original tax documents so that we could prepare their 2013 tax returns. They had, however, accidentally reversed the street numbers of our office address. I intended to ask our mail carrier how long he thought it would take for the package to be returned to our client.  When he came in, to my amazement, he had the package with him. Now that's what's called outstanding customer service & support!All at our office agree that our mail carrier Darrell should be promoted to Post Master General.Fantastic!
1	I understand leaving a note in my box telling me I have a package if it's something I need to sign for. But, when no signature is required why can't my package be left in one of the lockers and a key left in my box? I don't receive packages very often and when I do, they never need to be signed for. A couple times in the past few years they've put the package in the locker but the rest of the time I have to ask for it. It wouldn't be a big deal if their hours weren't horrible and the customer service was even worse. Ya stand at the counter FOREVER waiting for someone to come help you and when they do, they take FOREVER to find your package. I asked a few weeks ago why they couldn't have left it in the locker considering my package arrived on a Tuesday and I wasn't able to get there during business hours until Saturday. She said it's a hassle to walk around and put the packages in the lockers. Well it's a bigger pain in the butt to spend over 30 min waiting at the counter and then waiting for a package. Yes, I said over 30 min! But, I appreciated her honesty. The folks who work here are rude, condescending and lazy. I often do my business at the location in North Scottsdale and those folks are wonderful. Why are you so angry? You get to leave work at 4:30 every day!!!
1	Got there 10 minutes before they closed. They all just look at me and walk away. Worse service ever.
3	You have to feel a little sympathy for postal workers. On board a slowly sinking ship. It's little things that private package companies seem to do better. Or at least do with more flexibility. One example: No dogs allowed in the lobby of this Post Office. So Postal Service, you want your customers to leave their pets in hot cars in Phoenix? Seriously? Do you want Sheriff Joe to arrest them all for animal cruelty? Or do you just want your customers to go to the UPS store? Or FedEx? I understand the historical friction between dogs and mail carriers, but its time to rethink strategy and better consider the needs of customers.
