1	After driving around for awhile, me and the fam decided to go to Dennys. There are menu items that we always order that we like such as the cheese fries and buffalo strips. But this is the first time we had actually been to this Denny's. First we had a 70 year old waitress who was slow as hell, she was acting like she really didn't want to be there, and at her age she probably shouldn't have been. She rarely smiled and I don't know if the food took forever or if she was just slow getting it. The people who worked there were conversing like they didn't have anything better to do. My husband called a waitress like 5 times before she even realized (she was daydreaming). As far as the food, don't even bother...stuff that we had before did not taste the same and it was under seasoned. Except for my daughter's buffalo chicken sandwich that was 2 salty, and barely had buffalo sauce on it. Also when we asked for ranch she gave blue cheese, then we realized that the ranch and blue cheese had been mixed together resulting in a weird blended taste. So basically save your money or go to a different Denny's because this one sucks ass.
2	This is a Denny's. If you are unsure what that means, you might be impressed with the decor or even the taste of the food. The cooks here are pretty good. Definitely not the worst Denny's I've been to. To say that nothing's better would be ridiculous...
4	I've had bad experiences like everyone else at this Dennys, but I've had far more good experiences and I would prefer to highlight those because they happen more often. It's a Dennys, you know the menu and the service, but that's average, this place is better than most and I enjoyed going so much when i did, i returned more than once.Food was hot and delicious even at 3am, however the service late at night isn't the best, nor should anyone expect it to be, it's 3am. Early morning is the best time to go in my opinion, never had a bad time during the morning hours. If i were you, I'd avoid the weekends as it certainly gets busy during those times. I definitely recommend the Holiday menus, best choices by far.I went this morning- waitress was nice, food was speedy, hot, and delicious.
3	I'm not really sure what to say about Denny's. It was deadest Denny's I have ever been to. Service seemed fine and the food wasn't bad. I would go back.
1	I came here on Christmas night, hoping for a little appetizer to finish off the holiday right. You can't go wrong with a little sampler. Anyways, I walk in and was seated immediately. The table I was seated at had no utensils at the table.The person who took the drinks, took around 15 minutes to even get to the table. I ordered a coffee and it had to be the oldest coffee I have ever tasted so I kindly substituted it for a mere glass of coke.Like I said, I only ordered a sampler(as a half) which is mozzerella sticks, onion rings and chicken strips. Once I got my food, the mozzerella sticks were way overcooked, the onion rings were decent but the chicken strips were under cooked. Like, I'm talking still frozen in the middle. I was highly disgusted and paid the tab and left. I wouldn't recommend this particular Denny's.
4	Friday,  8:45 AM.  Having dropped off my car down the street I selected Denny's instead of the other fast food options available early in the morning.  I was seated immediately.  The waiter popped by thirty seconds later.  I ordered the Hash Skillet. When did Denny's go to skillets for breakfast.  I love skillets, and, yes, I haven't been in a Denny's in over five years. I took the up sell on the OJ and turned down the extra carbs ( e.g., toast, tortillas).  The food came about two minutes later.  It could be the fastest I've ever received an order from a sit down restaurant.  The bill came quickly after the last bite, and I paid at the cashier's station.  I had a good experience at Denny's and I'm willing to admit it.
5	I love Denny's and this location is my favorite to go. The staff is always so friendly and never pushy or bothersome. My husband and I love going here with our baby, its a very nice place.
1	Can't say I will ever go back for breakfast.  Ordered a simple two eggs over easy, hashbrown and sausage. The toast had so much margarine on it I actually had to scrap it off. The hashbrown looked nice and crispy until I uncovered the over cooked crispy and over fried underneath. I couldn't even eat the hashbrown. The "small" sized over easy eggs were over cooked and had very little yolk. I went to use the bathroom and one of the two toilets were full of toilet paper and shit.  There was even a employee in there that didn't do anything about it. When we went to pay, the girl at the counter asked how our meal was and I mentioned the over cooked hashbrown.  She just said sorry and that was that.
1	Got to say the worst Denny's I ever had been to, we simply came in to grab some fries, the food was done and the only two worker who is working here took a break/went outside at the same time while the food is siting cold. Not recommended, very disappointed at the night shift worker and my visit here. They also didn't care to clean to tables or even pick up the plates. I don't know about other shift but the night shift had a very poor costumer service
5	My boyfriend and I are newly regular here. Our server, Kathy (in case more than one Kathy works there, she's the one with the short hair and red streak), has been nothing short of phenomenal! We walk in and she has us sat in her section, no matter how busy she is. She knows our drink order and food order right when we sit down. Food is great and service is spectacular. We are moving in a couple days to Phoenix, but we will absolutely commute to this Denny's just for Kathy!!
3	It's the same as any other Denny's.  A good meal.
