4	During my visit I wanted to meet up with my family for some coffee and pan dulce. I was pleasantly surprised to find both. I actually ended up getting their green juice which was definitely green! You can ask for a custom blend and their selection is pretty decent for a small cafe. There's limited seating so expect to wait during rush hours but after 9am not too busy.
5	I have been too many panaderias, & by far this is the best one in quality, price, and service....right when I walked in I was greeted by the cashier and my first impression was...wow this place is clean...will be a regular here for sure
4	What a great find. I don't have to stand in the long lines at Food City for my pan dulce.  This place is old school.  They had green shake samples, paletas, and even sell hot/fresh tamales.  Friendly staff and very clean restaurant
4	I've been eating pan dulce from this panaderia for some time now but I'd forgotten to review it. Obviously the fact that I've returned says it all. The bread is fresh and its the best panaderia in the west valley, at least the best one I've tried. Their conchas and empanadas de calabasa are my favorite both have a mild cinnamon taste and the conchas sometimes have that orangey taste common in pan de muerto.
5	Best cake and experience ever! I order the cake over the phone from Tucson for my baby's first birthday.  I didn't know how it was going to look, but they surprise me, the cake was delicious and the decoration was beautiful I loved it.
5	Great place for fresh pan dulce and even better for their fresh squeezed juices. If you're around weekends, their menudo is almost as good as Grandmas and I hear their tamales are also very good. Most of all, the owner and staff always makes every customer feel welcome. Give this place a try, I give this place a definite thumbs up!!!!
5	have had dessert there a couple times. There is a Malaysian place next door I love, and I go toPanaderia AZ Central for dessert after.Their Panaderia La Central is the best I have ever had. I love their gelato and the portions are very generous and reasonably priced.
5	Great place! We were in from Chicago and looking for a tres leches cake for my husband's birthday. Really great bakery, nice  people, family owned, all home made!
