5	It's opening night and I happened to stumble upon this restaurant. If I were a Scottsdale native, I'd be here regularly. I ordered some very fresh oysters on a half shell and the New York strip that was cooked to order did not disappoint! It was grilled to perfection. This was all topped only by the exceptional service from the wait staff. Izzy was very attentive and so were the two guys behind the meat counter. Wow!
5	Went on opening day, had a delicious cocktail and a wonderful entree. Gorgeous day sitting outside in the sun under umbrella in comfortable chairs next to a lovely fountain, you can bring your dogs too! Excellent service, ambience and value. Too bad I don't live closer, but I will be a regular as much as possible. Nice inside, nice outside. Very classy looking.
5	Happened upon this establishment while out and about in Scottsdale. The food and drinks were excellent.  Try the chicken taquitos...you won't be dissappointed.  Sat at the bar, our bartender Izzy was attentive and personable without being overbearing. If you are in the area stop on in, you will be glad you did.
4	Loved it.  Excellent steak salad and taquitos were superior.  Collaboration of Hobe Meats in partnership with Uncle Sals. Still finding their personality, but excellent chow and cocktails.  We'll be back for sure!
5	I have issues. Why else would I be this excited about the arrival of The Blind Pig to Scottsdale? It's a butcher for goodness sake! Yet, I just can't stop thinking about it. I can't stop planning my next visit. It's just that cool and the meat is just that good! First off, Scottsdale has desperately needed a local butcher shop for quite some time. In the past, I easily put 20+ miles on my car to drive to other butchers around the Valley and every time I did, I wondered when Scottsdale would get one. Now they have one! The Blind Pig is owned by the family who owns Uncle Sal's and the Side Door. The Blind Pig is their newest addition and it's a great one! The meat is fresh, preservative-free and delicious. They have everything from sausages and deli meat, to prime meat cuts and boneless pork chops. It's a meat-lover's paradise. If you're not sold yet, read this: it's also a full-service restaurant and a full-service bar which means that you can stop in for lunch or dinner, grab a cocktail and take some meat home on your way out. They also offer to-go beer and wine so you can grab a beverage or two for home! The environment is very homey and Fido's are welcome! They have a spacious patio and welcome any dogs. I also learned that they sell fresh meat for dogs! This is a one-stop-shop for all products pertaining to meat and I also enjoyed their marinades. I purchase a boneless pork chop, burger meat and a sausage... all for under $11. The prices are pretty reasonable for the quality of meat. I also purchase the bacon infused marinade which was incredible! I marinaded the boneless pork chop in it and died and went to bacon-heaven with every bite. In summary, this place is a must-visit for meat-lovers.
5	A great bar, butcher, and Mexican restaurant all in one with great service and atmosphere.
5	Omg HUGE oysters on the half shell, best pig wings! Meat falls right off the bone, and don't forget to pick up a pound of thick cut Bacon from the butcher shop.
4	With only one visit under my belt, I can't rave about this place, but I will say it's definitely better than average. Which is why it barely gets 4 stars....  The vegetarian options were pretty slim, but they did have a very tasty mushroom quesadilla, and I really enjoyed the chips, salsa and guacamole. I just wish the chips and salsa was complementary.  Unfortunately, with only one vegetarian option, it doesn't entice me to keep coming back. This really is too bad, because we live right around the corner.  Hottie said his spare rib taco was delicious but the carne asada was just so-so.  We are huge fans of all the Uncle Sals concepts, their food and service is always good. This is no exception. The Blind Pig has great potential, despite the fact that it didn't blow our minds on the first try!  The only thing I don't understand is how the butcher shop ties in with the Mexican menu. What to expect?  Well like Side Door, it's more of a neighborhood bar feel, nothing fancy.  It will be packed on a weekend night, so prepare to sit at the bar, outside or wait. It's a very small place.
5	It is a Butcher shop and a Cafe combined. Heard about this place on the Jan D'Altry radio show and could not remember where it was until it popped up on a review by Lindsey D. Thank Goodness.Great place to get some really good Hobe Meats in Scottsdale. I like it better than the 16th Street location. Nice fresh selection of prime cuts. Service was extremely friendly and helpful. Being a sausage maker myself we talked about making sausage at home and recipes for quite a while. Very cool. They also have exotic game in the freezer for those that are feeling adventurous. I brought home a little of everything to try and it was delicious.The Cafe has a sit down menu with Mexican selections that you can choose from for a great tasting meal or snack. I saw some colorful items coming out of the kitchen. One being the Tacos al Pastor. It both looked and smelt awesome. Can't wait to go back and eat something off the menu as well. Five thumbs up!
3	The Blind Pig is certainly an interesting establishment.  A butcher shop, restaurant and a bar all rolled into one business.  I'm still trying to get my head wrapped around the concept.  But no matter... no matter that my big scientific brain can't get itself wrapped around the idea.  The food that I tasted and the drinks that I had were yummy.I stopped in here one evening to have a quick dinner.  The restaurant is small and it was almost full, so I sat at the bar.  Discovered that this restaurant/butcher shop is a member of the Uncle Sal's/Side Door family of businesses.  I also like it when I go to a restaurant and the regulars are chatty.  (this place is new and it already had some folks who say they'd been there every week since it opened)  I'm sitting alone, so it was great.  Just about everyone in the restaurant engaged in the conversation.  The ladies waiting at the bar were extremely helpful with my selection.  I wanted to taste something prepared with the bacon infused marinade that they sell at the butcher counter.  Unfortunately, nothing on the menu is prepared with that.  However, the bartender was nice enough to suggest the closest item on the menu to that kind of taste.  That item would be the pig wings.  Yummy, what an amazing dish.  I think pig wings are starting to take flight!  The wings were flavorful, juicy and succulent.  They had a nice BBQ flavor to them, yet were not too saucy for my liking.  I also ordered their version the Mosow mule.  That was a 3 star drink.  I did not take home anything from th butcher shop.  The meat from the butcher shop is from the acclaimed Hobe Meats of Phoenix, also owned by the same owners.  Perhaps when I want a standing rib roast, I will check here the next time.  There is a large area out front for seating as well.  this is a solid place to go to after work or a baseball game during the nice spring evenings.
5	Had lunch here with a group of friends.  EXCELLENT!!!!!  We ate outside because the weather was nice and the atmosphere was so relaxing with the water feature going.  Everyone in the group was very pleased with the food.  The prices are very reasonable, service was great and the portions are substantial.  You can't go wrong with lunch here.
2	Nice patio next to a fountain with plenty of shade. Ceviche is so salty it stings and is served traditional shrimp cocktail style-floating in a bowl of tomato juice. The chicken tacos were like street meat with gristle n all thrown in. Red sauce flavorful and spicy. Tomatillo sauce reminiscent of pesto. The fabulously creamy coconut sorbet almost rescued the whole meal but not quite. Service was friendly and mostly attentive but I would not eat here again.
5	The Blind Pig opened a few months ago and is close to our neighborhood but I would drive a good distance for this food!!  The food is so fresh tasting.My husband had the Ceviche and loved it!  I had the Crispy Corn Taquitos ...soooo good!!!  The portions are very generous and prices very reasonable.I can't wait to try everything on the menu.Oh...and the outdoor patio is very nice and relaxing. Servers are very friendly and helpful.
5	Thank goodness that delicious places are popping up nearby! We LOVE this place. The beef burrito is delicious, and my husband loves the braised pork taco. They are friendly, delicious, and worth trying again and again. I am confused about the reviewers who gave less than four or five stars. The service is outstanding and the food is excellent!
5	Taste bud paradise! It is really hard to name my favorites, I've been there 4 times since they opened and it's true love. I've never had Spanish rice like this - an inventive concoction that includes chorizo and pineapple chunks. You must also have the short rib tacos. You're welcome. The carne asada and al pastor are also wonderful. The guac is acado-riffic and the fresh, limey, just-the-right-amount-of-everything, ceviche is going to be the absolute perfect meal come summer. Go on Sangria Saturday for the perfect experience. The best part are the prices - completely reasonable. My husband and I had an app, an adult beverage and a whole lot of tacos and rice for about $30. There's not a lot of seating inside so get there early in the 100+ degree days. Enjoy!
4	I believe this place is by the same owner of the two restaurants next door. It has a nice patio and a relaxed atmosphere. The food ranged from good to excellent. The cocktails were not, but the bartender was so obnoxiously cute I would've probably choked down whatever she could wring out of the bar towel. I'm lucky my gf doesn't mind if I'm a creepy ogler once in awhile - she thought she was hot as well. The drinks we tried had either too much alcohol or were too sweet. They were really accommodating and sweet to us, so we felt bad saying we didn't like them. Anyway, regardless - the mac and cheese stood out, and we liked the salsas and guacamole. We will definitely go back.
5	Oh The Blind Pig...what can I say about you?  How about that you serve some of THE BEST FOOD I'VE EVER HAD!!!  Seriously.  Dining in Scottsdale was an absolute joy seeing as to how many high quality dining establishments there are there.  So when a special one comes about, I can't stop gloating about it. Unfortunately I moved away only a couple of weeks after discovering you so I won't be back for a while (unless you're thinking of opening up a Blind Pig in Dallas, TX).  But I will recommend you whole-heartedly to absolutely anyone interested in a different spin on Mexican food.  PS: Your steak and grilled veggie quesadilla had me in tears.  It was pure perfection.  It's unfair how high you set the bar with that one because now no quesadilla is remotely as good or memorable.
5	Whooooaaa baby I love The Blind Pig. How this local gem is not busier than I normally see it totally blows my mind. A butcher shop (Hobe Meats) and cafe (concept from the owners of Uncle Sal's and Side Door Corner Store) that serves up some tasty food, has pretty darn good service, and very good prices. Can't hate on that.They've got a nice little assortment of tables inside and a great patio outside. Granted they could probably do more with it from a decor and lighting standpoint, but maybe that's what they're going for, who knows.What I do know is that the tacos here are fantastic - al Pastor are my favorite and they kick you in the mouth with a good amount of spice that keeps the drink refills coming. The must have for me and the girl every time we come is the Avocado Bruschetta - don't second guess it on simplicity, just eat it and be happy.The butcher shop here is great and I've picked up quite a few things like their bacon, NY Strip Steaks, and beer brats. They basically have every kind of meat you would need to put on a high quality barbecue for you and your friends.Come support a great local restaurant and meat purveyor, you wont be disappointed.
5	This is a hidden place in the corner of a strip mall. There is a great little patio by a fountain, and the inside is also nice, but small. I would highly recommend the avocado bruschetta and the shrimp and corn tamales. Very reasonable prices for the high quality and thoughtfully prepared food.
4	This place has the Hobe pedigree so focus on dishes that don't obscure their meaty excellence.  As soon as the accompanying ingredients match the excellence of the meat then this place will have a home run.
5	We love trying small restaurants in our neighborhood.   We like that there are plenty to choose from however, this place, The Blind Pig, is a terrific find and we will make it one of our regular places.   We started off with delicious drinks, had an avocado bruschetta, my husband had the short rib tacos and I had a shrimp and corn tamale.  Every thing was served hot, fast, fresh and absolutely delicious!  We were too full to try the desert so I cannot comment about that.  In addition to the wonderful food and friendly service, the prices were so inexpensive I thought we had the lunch menu!  Great find!
5	What's not to like?  Great southwestern dishes with fantastic flavor. The pork tacos are amazing and make it hard to explore other dishes on the menu but I'm sure I'll get to it all sooner or later as this is going to be a weekly lunch stop for our gang.
5	I'd heard good things, so my expectations were high. I popped by for lunch yesterday and tried the special - Steak Tostadas, I also tried their guacamole both of which were very well done. I really like the layout its modern, simple and clean with a fully functioning butcher shop to boot. They have a patio area with a fountain which will be nice post summer. Waitress/bartender was really sweet too.
4	The combination butcher/restaurant is a little odd but overall, it's a cute place.  Seating is limited so if you go during prime chow hours, be prepared to wait awkwardly at the front door until someone feels guilty for lingering and leaves.  I had the fish tacos which were wonderful seasoned bits of mahi mahi atop a flour tortilla.  Husband had the nacho trough which he quite enjoyed during the meal but he wondered later whether it had given him a headache.  Service was a bit slow but they only had one waitress working the entire restaurant. The menu is a bit all over the place so between that, the hunks of dead cow in the butcher case that judge you while you eat, there's a bit of culinary schizophrenia happening.  We thoroughly enjoyed our meal and would return.
5	There are two ways I rate Mexican restaurants, first by their guacamole and second by their margaritas.  Both were excellent.  The guac was creamy, chunky and seasoned just right and the margarita was simple and they used real ingredients - no mix.  I had the mushroom quesadilla, which was what attracted me to the restaurant after reading another person's review below.  It was delicious!  My boyfriend and friend visiting from out of state had the fish tacos, which were also good according to them.  We all had happy, full bellies and I would definitely go back.  Their food was clean, well-seasoned and prepared well.
5	Forgot to Yelp about this. Went for Lunch last Sunday because my freakin' friends wouldn't shut up about it. Let me tell you - they are very smart eaters. The Blind Pig sets a new standard for contemporary Mexican cuisine in this town, and I do not say that lightly. The shrimp tamale is pure poetry and the ceviche is among the best I've ever had here in the U.S. RUN, don't walk, to The Blind Pig. Chef Jimmy is a genius!
5	The tacos are insane! Best short rib taco I have ever had. Service is friendly. Beans and rice are also great. Beans were smooth and flavorful.
5	Food was great! Presentation was great. We had the Mexican Pizza (wonderful), Shrimp Tamale (out of this world) and Pig Wings (delicious).The meat market had beautiful meat to purchase. A great find, we will go back for sure.
5	OK...we have eaten at the BP multiple times and love the food.  Very unusual.  The shrimp tamale is superb.  So good in fact that it is hard for me to order anything else.  Be sure to try the oysters Rockefeller as they are wonderful.  Great mound of Guac  served in an avocado shell for $4.00.  Nice little wine selections too.  Very reasonable and when the weather is nice, eating around the fountain is very relaxing.  Highly recommended.
4	TBG is worth a stop for lunch. We had the Mahi Fish Tacos and the Short Rib Tacos today, both were excellent. Each had 3 tacos for $8.00. You can also get 2 tacos and a side of beans or rice for $5.00 and a la carte tacos for $3-4 each. Although I stuck to diet coke which they serve in a 20 oz bottle I did see several customers having a very health pour of wine.The butcher shop sells quality US Prime beef, but you have to pay for quality. If you are comfortable with US Choice beef sold by the chain stores than the price of US Prime beef will be a shock. T-bone and ribeye Prime beef steaks are $19.99/lb. They also have a selection of chicken, lamb and fish.TBG is definitely worth a stop.
1	Hmmm, let's hire only one server for an entire busy lunchtime crowd and see how it goes. Meanwhile tattoo boy is staring at the waitress from behind the counter doing nothing. What is your purpose dude? You made it over to my table and put on menu on there, but you couldn't take my order?  I received water, but nothing else as I then decided to grab a take-out order.NO WHITE MEAT CHICKEN. This is a sign of a cheap place. Only the drive through taco joints don'[t serve white meat - you would expect it from a sit down joint. Waste of space. What do you do with the white meat of the chicken? Do you throw it out - cause if your smoking your own meats then the chicken comes with white meat. They are just too lazy to separate the meat. Can't take this place seriously.
5	Uncle Sal's seems to have a golden touch when it comes to creating affordable and delicious food!  In fact on the way in, my wife and I were temped by the garlicky aroma of the Flagship restaurant next door, but we fought the temptation to try their latest venture.Food is obviously Mexican/southwestern, but with a definite Italian fusion thing going on.  Interesting take, and for our first visit, we wanted more.  I had the shrimp tamale which was astounding.  The cream sauce was unreal, and the shrimp had a seasoning similar to an oregatana.  I left a pic of it here on yelp for others to drool at.  Words cannot do this dish justice.  I wish there was one more piece of shrimp, though, it was so bloody tasty.  Next time I will ask and pay extra, I tells ya!Both the bartender and server were great, friendly, and knowledgeable about the food.  Should have gotten their names, but they were blond and brunette, respectively.  Wife had a chicken taco which was yummy, as well as the mac and cheese, which was cooked perfectly al dente.  We will be back to try it again, that is for sure.
5	This place is great! Have eaten here twice in the last week. Everything has been very tasty. We've tried the nachos, shrimp and corn tamale, flautas, and quesadilla. And the Key Lime pie is amazing! Eat on Tues/ Thurs/ Sat and 20% off at the associated butcher shop! Probably the best pork chops I've ever cooked. Check it out !
3	Once upon a time, you could walk into Uncle Sal's on a Friday night with no reservations and be seated immediately. (Holy crap - has it really been 20 years since I lived in the area?!?!)Those days are long gone. Dinner was on me for coordinating - and I dropped the ball.Luckily, the Blind Pig was right next door, and we 4 hungry patrons could be seated and served right away.We shared a couple plated for the table, and nibbled each other's entrees. The steak salad was a winner. The short rib was well cooked and flavorful. And everything else was perfectly OK. I had a trio of tacos  - none of which really stood out. Nothing wrong with them. Fresh, flavorful, well executed. I am just spoiled by other places in my current 'hood.If I am in the area, and someone suggests the Blind Pig, I won't object. I also don't think I'd plan another meal there. Nothing in the world wrong with the place - just no "wow" factor for me.
5	My go to spot for when I want to have a great meal and not spend a ton of money. The pig wings, el pastor tacos, and pretty much every ingredient used at this small casual restaurant are incredible.
5	What a great find! This little restaurant has an ethnically confused menu but absolutely delicious meals. The "Pig Wings", the guacamole, the short-rib tacos, the key-lime pie were all outstanding. My friend and I just looked at each other and smiled knowingly; we will be back soon.
5	I can't lie...this was amongst one of the best meals I have ever had and my waistline will indicate I have dined plenty to come to this conclusion.  The margaritas are made with Patron and made with fresh lime juice and agave and served up as I like.  We started with the guac and chips.   Fresh and yummy!  And the homemade salsas served on the side really were superb. We then split the pork wings.  I have never had anything like this and am sad I live too far away to get these on a regular basis.  They were so tender and the flavors were wonderful.   It was truly a gift from a blind pig. We then split the braised short rib and mac and cheese.  This set us over the edge but were happy to be pushed to the edge. The short rib was so tender and flavorful.  Very well done sauce as well.  The mac and cheese was better than most upscale steakhouses that offer this dish as a side.  We were completely blown away by the quality of food and the yummy drinks.  Being from OC that meal would have cost us well over $150 BUT with 8 drinks (we are lushes) and all that food it came to around $86.  I AM NOT SAYING raise your prices Blind Pig, I'm saying I am thankful for your food, drinks, service and prices.  Don't change a thing...Oh and PS: come to OC...........NOW!!!!!!!
1	This was one of the worst Burritos we ever had.  Chicken meat had skin strips, beef was hard to chew, mashed pinto bean was tasteless, and to top it off, the waitress was mean and argumentative. We won't ever go back!
4	This is a favorite neighborhood restaurant for us, and a place we can go to weekly without getting bored of the menu. We've tried almost everything on the menu and for the most part have been impressed. Some standouts are the guacamole salad, ceviche, pig wings, and short rib tacos. The shrimp tamale is sweet and decadent - not a typical tamale but good in its own right. I've seen a couple reviews complaining that the food lacks flavor, but that has never been our experience. The food definitely tends to have a good spicy kick to it, but if that is not your preference there are plenty of mild options to choose from. We've always had great service, and as frequent guests it is a treat that the servers remember us and our favorite food and beverages. The menu is priced so reasonably that it's easy to pass on a happy and just eat here. It's definitely our preference to shop local whenever possible, and the Blind Pig continues to be one of our favorites.
5	Great food! Had the short rib tacos and guacamole. The seasoning is amazing and meat is perfectly tender. The salsa is a bit on the spicy side but it was yummy. This is a casual laid back place with great food. Service is friendly and place is unassuming. Also tried the carne asada and it was just as perfect. Their rice is an unexpected twist with pineapple and chorizo.
5	If you look at my reviews, you will see I'm kinda stingy with my 5 stars but, this neighborhood spot deserves it.Our server, Amy told us to take any seat on the patio. As soon as we did, the sprinklers went on soaking the table (no food yet) but, enough for Amy to offer a free round of drinks. The food was wonderful. We got short ribs, shrimp tamale, and a quesadilla dish. All were excellent. Comfortable place, good service, great food, reasonable prices. Can't beat that combo
5	Okay, this place is partly owned by the same folks who run Uncle Sal's, which is right next door.  I've actually never eaten here, although it is a restaurant, but have purchased meats here.  Beats the crap out of any grocery store meat.  The cuts are perfect, and while a tad on the expensive side, are well worth it.  They have some unique cuts, as well as the usual suspects.  Never disappoints.  They also have a special (I think it's Tu and Th), where you get 20% off if you are a patron of Uncle Sal's.
2	I love the idea of this place and expected to get great pork dishes but alas, it's really a Mexican restaurant.  Only one pork dish on the menu.  Food was fine.  Nothing special.  I also took home $50 worth of meat from the meat counter in the restaurant and it was fine, but again, nothing special.  I thought the sausages were pretty bland and tasteless.I don't plan to go back, not because it was bad but because there are lots of better places.
5	So, I recently discovered this place and it suddenly became my favorite Mexican place in town. It has a weird name, so I always thought it was BBQ or something. I've been back a few times and bring friends. Amy, is usually our server, and is hilarious and takes good care of us. I liked that she knew my name after only coming there twice. Most places in Old Town, people couldn't give two shits...this was a nice change.  You can sit outside on the patio,which is relaxing. My favorite things are the $7 Patron margaritas. I always get two, because, well, I'm a lush. The bean dip is amazing, but my favorite's the short rib tacos with House Rice. I tried some of my friends' shrimp tamales and macaroni and they were amazing and rich. This is the one of the best kept secrets in the area. So go! Like tonight!
4	Stopped by for lunch. Had pig wings (awesome), short ribs and short rib tacos (both excellent). Good service on a beautiful day sitting outside.
5	Call the butcher shop this morning to see if they any thick 2 inch steaks.  They didn't but after checking with the boss, the guy said he could cut me one.   When I husband went to pick up they cut to 2 1/4 inches just to make sure.   It was absolute perfection.  Perfectly marbled and was so tender it was like cutting butter. Thanks so much guys at Blind Pig!
5	Oh my word. So good! The house rice is the perfect side. It's sweet, salty, and spicy! When I first had it I ordered two more sides to take home. Instantly addicted. Their Al Pastor tacos are perfection! Just the right amount of heat. While I'm not a fan of their ceiveche (too much fish, not enough shrimp), my husband loves it. I am, however, a fan of their sangria. White or red, they're both delicious.
5	So after having taking about a year off from going to fun new places due to my new fabulous baby , I had been wanting to check this place out for MONTHS. Finally I made it in with a few of my girlfriends (the hubs was a little annoyed to miss out, sorry guy!)First - this place isn't huge. The staff is super accommodating and tries to make it work, but just know that if you have a large group or if you are heading over during a busy time, you may have to wait. I had heard that during the day there is a butcher shop inside, and while we sat & talked I took a peek at that menu. I am planning on heading over this weekend to pick up some steaks to grill at home - it all looked delicious.We all split a bottle of Pinot Noir, and ordered a bunch of items to share. The guac appetizer is delish, and we shared the mushroom quesadilla which surprised me with how good it was. I'm normally not a fan of quesadillas, so I'm always happy to be proven wrong.We ordered the pork sandwich (I don't remember the name) and HOLY CRAP it was incredible! I had a hard time sharing and felt guilty that the hubs wasn't there to try it. We'll definitely be back. Loved all the food and the friendly atmosphere.
5	Wow! Gourmet food on beer budget ? And in Scottsdale? I must be dreaming.. This is one of those places you almost want to keep secret for fear that it will become too busy. Love the outdoor patio too. Recommend Shrimp Tamale, Short ribs, and Guac. Good pours on wine, too!
5	This place was pretty awesome. Everything we ordered tasted great and the prices was all reasonable. The $$ is deceiving because its not that pricy. I got the Adobo Braised Short Ribs with house rice (+$1.00). The short ribs dish was only $10. It was so flavorful, both with a slight sweetness and spiciness. It was the perfect balance. Additionally, the short rib was tender but not overly tender that it falls apart. My husband got the carnitas house sandwich. The cold slaw in the sandwich didn't drown out the carnitas. It complimented it perfectly. The carnitas was the center of attention. As a starter, we got the cerviche. It's hard to get it wrong. The shrimp was fresh and the larger type. There was just a hint of spiciness. Love this place. Too bad I'm from out of state, otherwise I'll be coming here all the time.
4	Such a great place!  First off the meat counter is impressive...nice looking meats and not overly priced.  The patio is beautiful...next to a nice fountain and heat lamps for when it gets cool.  We heard the patio was pet friendly, but really it isn't...we had to keep our pup outside of the fence of the patio...luckily, it was right next to where we were sitting, so it was as if she was on the patio with us.  The food was amazingly reasonable and super tasty!  We tried the carne asada burrito with house rice, the carne asada and al pastor tacos with house rice and we shared a side of the ridiculously tasty butcher beans...you must try these - trust me, you will understand once you taste how delicious they are!
4	Another awesome find thanks to Yelp! We were in town for the Ironman and the husband was hankering for GOOD Mexican food. We trolled Yelp before settling on The Blind Pig and it was awesome. We started off with some drinks and decided that we were just going to order a variety of appetizers instead of separate meals. We ordered the Chips with Salsa and Guac, the ceviche and the chorizo nachos.... and a side of chorizo. Everything we got was homemade and SO flavorful. My favorite was definitely the ceviche, however. A huge portion and the flavor was so good that even the liquid was worth trying to scoop onto my chips after the rest was gone :) The guacamole was very good and the salsas were both rather spicy. The nachos were the only thing that kind of disappointed. The flavors were great and the meat was good, but they were under the broiler for a few minutes too long.. we had to break apart the chips as the cheese melted hard and they were very dry.... oh well, more reason for another margarita ;) A great experience and if we are ever back in Tempe, I will be dying to try more of their menu.
5	Great experience. Love Uncle Sals so thought we would give The Blind Pig a try. We ordered take out - If you have trouble navigating the website, google "blind pig menu" to find all the entrees. We ordered the al pastor tacos, short rib tacos, shrimp tamale, mushroom quesadilla, and ceviche. The standout items were the shrimp tamale and the short rib tacos. We will be back!
4	I really liked it and the server was lovely. I got the torta though and I would try something different next time. Everything in the sandwich had a soft texture and it needed something to sink your teeth into. Husband had the sausage and peppers, it was good. Would like to go back and try some other dishes.
5	The Carne Asada tacos are awesome ! I plan to be back to check out more menu items. I love the fact the Hobe meats counter is located inside the restaurant . I will need to pick up some to go items the next time I have time to cook .
5	We love this place! we are so happy to call ourselves regulars there :)everything is exceptionally reasonable. the service is fast and friendly. truly a hidden gem!
2	The food was pretty good and the guacamole was awesome, but my boyfriend and I were not treated very well. I guess it's just Scottsdale, but the waitress asked us incredulously if we wanted a table, seated us, and then didn't speak to us for a good ten minutes. She was nice to everyone else, but she acted like our presence was bothering her. I'm sick of going to restaurants in Scottsdale and being treated like I'm not welcome.
4	Very good food! I had the al pastor tacos, my mom had the carne asada ones. Both had great flavor! The guacamole was okay- basic, nothing super special, but it was very fresh. The house rice and the white sangria were both fantastic. I would definitely recommend going here.
5	Inexpensive excellent filling. Pork in tacos a touch dry. We were stuffed at the end. Best Mexican chow thus far while visiting. I'll be back.
4	Service was great , food was great. I loved the shrimp and corn tamale dish!  Patio is fine, but sits on walkway next to parking lot of a mini mall.
5	The butchers are great here - we visit almost weekly. Haven't tried the restaurant yet, but hope to, soon!
4	We had dinner there. The service was very friendly and fast.  The food was very good. I had short rib tacos and house rice. The food prices are very reasonable and the quality is top notch. We will be back!
2	I found this place on Yelp while looking for places to try on our mini-vacation up in Scottsdale this past weekend and this came up rated really well so we went. The place looks nice and has a great patio area (which was full so we had to sit inside). We ordered the Queso Fundido to start and it was good, I really like the flavor their beans have, but i would've liked more cheese because there was only a tiny blob in the middle. I ordered the chicken taco plate with a side of their House Rice. The chicken was dry and flavorless and the salsas weren't the best either. The guacamole was average, I've had better, I've had worse. The rice it was great but then as I started eating it, the cumin flavor overpowered everything else! My boyfriend ordered some sort of chicken torta which was "really good" I don't know because he wouldn't let me try it, but it looked very appealing. It came with a slaw salad and I did try that and wasn't impressed it was basically cut cucumber, radishes, and carrots in oil and pepper.Another thing is that they do have a lot of regulars (our server knew almost everyone's name) but in turn kind of ignored us Overall this place was OK but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.
5	Fantastic! Ordered the chips and salsa ($4) and was not disappointed. Chips were light and crisp; both salsas were delicious. Mahi tacos ($8) were phenomenal and the portion size was impressive, especially for the low price. Small grilled cubes of fish were juicy but not greasy and so flavorful I didn't even add any of the sauce that came on the side.  The mahi was balanced with crunchy cabbage, but I nixed the red onion, which I think would have overpowered the other flavors. The food came out in record time and service was impeccable. My only disappointment was that they have 20oz bottles of soda rather than fountain soda.
5	Shrimp and corn tamale is everything you can dream of. Yum. Service was great. Ceviche was really good. A really nice little place to get some great food and a couple drinks.
3	I think I need to give this place another try. From all the fantastic Yelp reviews I expected to LOVE it...but service and some mix ups with our order kinda put a damper on things. Our waitress was admittedly brand new and had only tried 1-2 things on the menu, so she couldn't really anwser any of our questions about the dishes. A few minutes after putting in our order we were told the kitchen ran out of bolillo rolls for the Torta Ahogada. We ended up substituting it with a Portuguese roll (tasted very similar to a bolillo). When our food did come out the tacos were on flour tortillas (yuk) and not corn like we asked for and the torta was NOT ahogada (drowned) like we specifically asked for. However everything tasted great! Drinks were strong and delicious. Guacamole was fresh and a great price. The Mahi had a great flavor and I really liked the pickled veggies that came with the torta. Like I said I will def give this place another try! I think we just had some bad luck with a new server and the kitchen not being prepared for busy weekend.
3	Was not impressed.  The food wasn't on par to the other Mexican places I've eaten. Would rather have Chicago's in Houston more authentic and tasty.
4	Very good food and drinks our table tried about. 10 things off of the menu can't go wrong here. Service was very good as well .
4	Loved it! So happy to have it in the area...menu looks odd but haven't had a bad item, they know what they're doing. Mahi tacos are the best I've had in Phoenix area. Huge selection of meat (including frog legs) you can pick up for purchase also.
3	C+/B-Service:Our server said that they had run out of a few things, AFTER we had ordered them. (Staff should be aware of what's still available before taking down orders). Additionally, she put in our starter and entrees at the same time so everything came out at once. I really don't like when that happens. Anyhow, maybe it was someone else's fault but it still was an unpleasant start to the evening.Food:What I had was Delicious. Something as simple as Avocado Bruschetta was elevated by the simple addition of Lime Juice, Tapatillo, and Red Onion. Think of this as Guacamole without it being all liquidy and mashed up. Wonderful giant chunks of avocado and tomato. The portion was fantastic; I would go back just for this.Additionally, I had the Shrimp Tamale. While the shrimp was VERY overcooked the portion size was perfect and it had an amazingly creamy, flavorful, rich sauce I wanted to lick off the plate.My dining companion had the Mushroom Quesadilla. We agreed that while, again, the flavors were incredible...the execution was a tad off. When you bite into it water from the mushrooms drips onto the plate. It happens, they're mushrooms. But you need to cook them down first. Then you can place them into the tortilla and grill. This preparation would help them out greatly. Overall:Food: B-Server: C - She WAS super friendly though, and apologeticAmbiance: B+ The Restaurant, while on the smaller size, has a nifty little bar in the middle, and an outside patio which can be taken advantage of during great weather.I'd give my experience a solid B-Once they work out some of the kinks with food prep, running out of items and making sure that the servers are aware of it, they'll do very well.
5	I love this place. The best tacos ever. Just had the butcher grind me a half  and half of bacon and ground beef. Forget Jack in the Box, this is the true Bacon Insider. Mandy is amazing, she treated me with great kindness the instant I walked in the door. Quinn was so kind to grind that bacon and beef for me.
4	I LOVED this place! I took my friend here for her birthday. We had salsa, guacamole, the tamale, ceviche, and some tacos. The tamales WAS AMAZING GET THAT!!! The drinks were ok. We had the Sangria. In my opinion it was a little weak. The service was pretty good, hence the ONLY reason I gave 4 stars. They did a pretty good job, but there were a few times where we could have really used someone stopping by. And although we were sharing everything, we really didn't need it all brought out at once (appetizers and main dishes), Although that could have been a miscommunication.
5	Everything was so good! We trusted our yelp users and they didn't prove us wrong. The shrimp and corn tamale was to die for!
5	great food.  great service.  great prices.  go there weekly and always have a great time as well as food.  I almost always get weekly specials and love them.  get the pig wings....theyre amazeballs!
2	Came here for the first time on a Saturday night around 7pm for dinner.Food-Starter: Bruchetta. Great flavor, huge chunks off tomato and avocado.-Entree: tacos; pollo, carne, short rib. Very disappointing.. dry, lacking flavor, barely any meat.-Entree: short ribs over (house) rice. House rice worth the upcharge, meat was tender and yummy.ServiceSlooooow. And just generally not good. Two servers to cover both the bar and dining area. Granted the place is small, but every table was filled, so they were busy.. but that meant we never saw our server... except for when we left and saw her texting up a storm outside.I'd give it one more try because some of the food was good, but overall, I am completely unimpressed.
4	Badass tacos and fundido. They have it all - drinks, foods, cute waitresses. The food is good quality, tasty & fresh. Good service, quick, good drinks. Go there and do stuff.
5	Great food! The pig wigs are the best! Patio is great too! Kinda confused on their deli section( fine meats)  of the restaurant. They should knock it down & make more room for guests!
4	Just had lunch with group of 7... Everyone raved on their selection.  Burrito, tacos, mushroom quesadilla, adovado sandwich and great pour on wine.Service was great...only down fall is no separate checks...we will return.
5	Stopped in for dinner around 630 on a Saturday night and quickly got seated with no wait. Sat outside in the patio which was a good size and spaced out well so that we didn't feel cramped. The menu had a variety of choices all based around an upscale Mexican theme with some unique food combinations. The food: started with oysters on the half shell and guacamole. The oysters were fresh with sides of horseradish and a red chili sauce which I mistakenly took for cocktail sauce. The guacamole was very good and fresh. For entrees we ordered the Mexican pizza and pork nachos. The pizza was topped with a very tasty chorizo, which was made in house in the butcher shop, along with pickled onions and cabbage. The pizza was very good and we were pleasantly surprised at how the favors combined. The pork nachos were also very good although very basic which is in no way a negative but we wished we had ordered one of the more imaginative items on the menu. The staff: only two servers covering the patio and the inside seating area but did not feel neglected at all. There were several busboys that stopped to refill drinks and generally helped the servers in a complimentary way. I enjoyed this experience and can't wait to go back. If you live in the area or are visiting you should definitely try it.
5	This place is amazing very tasty food.  Flavor is fresh I'm full and satisfied nom Nom Nom. O and we ordered quite a bit but was cheap and my belly is full blind pig I'll be back soon.
5	I've never met a restaurant with Pig in the name that I didn't like and I'm so glad I finally tried this place. It's a little hidden gem. The food was delicious. I had the torta (the red sauce is the best I've had) and my date had the burrito combo. Their take on rice was yummy! The Paloma fresca was fresh to death! The ambience makes the place that much better. Will definitely be back!
5	Holy tacos. The tacos, salsa, and guac are superb!  The portions are large and well worth the price. On my last visit I tried the corn tamale with shimp.... Excellent! Thanks for the tip fellow yelpers. Oh an the wine pours are very generous which of course I love. Minus one star because the inside could use a facelift it's rather dark and not very inviting. However, the outside is beautiful so sit outside if the weather permits.
4	This is about The Blind Pig only and not Hobe Meats with whom I was much displeased today, but that's another story.Had lunch at The Blind Pig today and I was very happy with my experience. They have some wonderful taco choices. I tried the pork, short rib, and mahi mahi. The short rib was my favorite, the pork my least favorite. They probably ended up with four instead of five stars because of that pork - way too dry. The mahi mahi was good, though. You can get a really nice taco plate with two tacos and rice or beans for only $6. I got the beans, hubby got the rice. Both were tasty, but the beans were awesome. The taco plate left me pleasantly full and was bigger than I expected for the price.Service was very good. We paid a total with tip of only $45 for four people for a really nice lunch with beverages. Seriously, though, you could get away with spending even less. And the food is very good.
3	This place was pretty good. I had the shrimp tamale, which I was glad it wasn't so dry  as they usually are with the nice sauce over top, almost too saucy though. The shrimp was very good though. My boyfriend had the burrito which he thought was pretty good also. I would say I have had better Mexican elsewhere, but this place was fairly similar to any other Mexican restaurant you might eat at. Maybe we weren't there at the right time since we ate here late on a week night.
1	I don't understand these ratings. Yelp has never let me down. However, I told my husband this is where I wanted to go when We visited AZ recently and I ordered tacos. They were the worst tacos I've ever had. There were 2 flour tortillas  with carne asada and shredded cabbage on top. My husband did not like his carne asada burrito either.  Meat was like little bullets of spicy meat. The margaritas were OK but nothing special. The one good thing was the key lime pie which was outstanding. That's why I'm giving this restaurant one star but not worth going back.
4	Adobo short rib tacos are da bomb and the drinks are strong ;)
5	I've only been here once, but it was an awesome meal.  I went with two friends, and we each ordered different tacos, so I feel like we got a nice sample of what they offered.  We also got chips,salsa, and guac.  Everything was delicious, and I would definitely go back.I'm also interested in checking out their butcher shop.
5	The Blind Pig puts a unique twist on Mexican food. They also have a great patio. Make sure to check out the short rib over house rice.... Oh my! They also sell Hobe meat to go, so you can pick up some steaks to grill at home. Yum!
3	Been here several times as its down the street from my house and really wanted to give 4 stars BUT the Salsa is not good at all--wayyy too salty and no distinct flavor other than salt. The red and green are both not good. This should be an easy fix. If they fix this alone I'd give them 4 stars.Guacamole is great.Service is decent. Fish tacos are outstanding!The drunk/drowned torta sandwich is really good but the dipping sauce could use some more flavor. It's oddly quite a bit like the way too salty salsa.My girlfriend recently was here and they screwed up her order, did not make the burrito as ordered then they offered beans that were cold. Strange as we've had good experiences before.
5	I honestly have no idea how the food is at the Blind Pig - but the butcher shop inside, Hobe Meats, is awesome. I had a groupon for $40 worth of meat and was helped by Quinn. In this day in age Im not accustomed to dealing with someone who is friendly, helpful, amusing, courteous and seems to truly enjoy their job. Quinn was all of these. He helped me pick out the cuts of meat and even explained how they should be seasoned and grilled. I left the shop feeling like I had left another dimension - one where customer service still mattered. Oh, and because of my wonderful experience, I now have plans to check out the actual restaurant - lol. Hopefully they match up
5	So, I've been here once with definite plans to come back again. The outside area is darling, although will probably be too hot in the coming months. The staff was all courteous and very attentive. But the food...oh the food. I wanted to go here a long time ago but was shy about it because I saw it was a butcher shop as well and I had a totally different picture in mind. So one day I was like well screw it I need Mexican now, so made my boyfriend meet me there. Ahh, we got the chips and salsa. It is so hard to find good chips and salsa here. I enjoyed each flavor, tomatillo is my favorite but I wasn't so sure at this locations as the flavors in their red was on point. I got the torta, him the short rib. My dish was great! The bread was soft, I wasn't crazy about the flavor of the bread (I mean it's white bread, I guess there isn't a whole lot of that anyways) otherwise it was good! Except there were pickled something I don't remember now because my phone was stolen with the photo on it - pickled anything except pickles go off my list. So I took them off. The short rib was tasty. So tender and flavorful. It was put on top of white rice...which I thought was weird, and that was all. So rice and meat? A mans dish (sorry stereotyping) but all the same good. I've had a patient tell me they have the best house rice in town. I will go back to try. If I remember correctly...the menu was good, but not a huge selection like some might be used to if you tend to frequent places like Garcia's, Chevy's or whatever the heck places there are here. Anyways...go. And get the chips and salsa. I might mention that the same owners own Sal's next door, I should write a review for them too, so good. And around the corner is a smaller bar/wine bar of sorts that I want to say is the side door but I don't remember...haven't been there but if they have same quality it is def a go try.
5	Excellent and reasonably priced!!! Great experience. Try the pork wrap and guacamole! Marks aren't too bad either.
3	Found this place on Yelp because we were looking for a place to eat in the area.  We were hungry and ordered too much food.  We stared off with the queso fundido and guacamole and chips.  Yes, the menu said the queso fundido had beans but it wasn't what we were expecting.  Too much beans and not enough cheese!  The guacamole was delicious.  Our meals were the Pambazo "house special" sandwich and the torta.  The house special sandwich was very good and the better of the two.  The torta had too much bread.  Overall, not authentic Mexican food and I guess not what we were wanting, hence the three stars.
2	The reason this gets two stars is because their avocado bruschetta was interestingly good. And i like the idea of mexi/italian food! However, they need a new bar tender. My guests beer was poured all frothy and not only did it make the glass all sticky but when it settled there was half a beer left. They also forgot my drink but didn't forget to charge for it! I don't recommend going for drinks.
5	Fabulous for what it is.  A great place to have a glass of wine (huge pour) outside in appropriate weather.  Oysters Rockefeller are extrordinary and the shrimp tamale is so good it is hard for me not to order it every visit.  Guacamole is best in town.  Part of the Uncle Sal complex (Sal's, Side Door, and now the Pig) you just can't go wrong regardless.  Highest recommendation.
5	You know those delicious hole-in-the-wall restaurants you just can't keep a secret? Well you've found it. This is the best Mexican food I have ever had, nothing on the menu disappoints. I wish I could keep this spot a locals only place, but it's too good not to share. As others have said, the short rib tacos are great!
5	Read the reviews and just had to try this place, although I was a little skeptical about a restaurant in a butcher shop.  It was fabulous.  So many reviewers recommended the shrimp and corn tamale that I ordered it.  It was delicious.  The drinks are generous and it was comfortable sitting inside - plenty of room.
4	The food here was delicious and reasonably priced.  I loved the seasoning and recommend the Queso Fundido.  The service was a little awkward, but very nice and attentive.
3	Very casual neighborhood restaurant.  It has a great diverse menu and is very affordable.   Great service as well.
4	I went here with my dad for lunch out on the patio. The things that were good were insanely delicious, but the rest were fairly mediocre. We split the guac, the pig wings, and two tacos - short rib and carne asada with the house rice. This was plenty of food. The guac was one of the mediocre items. It had a weird artificial lime flavor... like a cleanser almost. Also, they used pepper in it, which is just plain weird. It was not wonderful. The pig wings were one of the insanely delicious items. They were sooo good! Like the most tender barbeque pork rib with a wonderful glaze.... it, in itself, is worth a return visit. The carne asada taco was one of the mediocre items. It was dry, kind of bland, and nothing I would order again. The short rib tacos were incredible! The short rib was moist, tender, full of flavor. I would get this item again. The house rice was also very good, it is rice with chorizo and pineapple in it.... that is fabulous! I would love to come back here for these few memorable items and to try some new items as well. PS the prices are very reasonable, we were stuffed for under 20$
5	Oh my gosh. I will be back here next week. Maybe even tomorrow. My family of four came to eat dinner here. First impression is it is quaint and contains Kobe beef meat shop inside (yummm). We chose to sit outside because it was nice out. There is a water fixture that adds to the ambiance. Our waiter was super nice and the food came so fast. We ordered some chips with salsa and guac. Great chunks of avocado and the salsa was addicting (the green was had a nice kick to it). I ordered the combo of two tacos and a side of beans or rice. I chose the al pastor and the el pollo and a side of beans. I don't even know where to begin! The chicken taco had great flavor but the al pastor was to die for. It was perfectly cooked with complimentary toppings like pineapple that just burst with flavor. The beans were probably the best flavored refried beans I have ever had and it was a large portion! With the four of us having full meals and an appetizer we only spent 42 dollars. What a great place! I will be back very soon :)
5	Haven't been to The Blind Pig in a while, but glad to see the high rating. Well deserved! Gotta get back there SOON.
3	The food was AMAZING! I was in LOVE with the spicy pork burrito. However, we watched our waiter serve himself many drinks. He dumped water on us twice and spilled our chips before they were brought to the table. He kept disappearing into the bathroom instead of grabbing our bill too, so it made for an unfortunate experience.
1	I think yelp really let me down this time. In my opinion, I think the bar is just trying to be a restaurant. The service was somewhat slow. Arizona has way better Mexican food places than this joint. The chips were stale, and the guacamole was bland with a chunky twist.
5	For a butcher shop/Mexican restaurant, this is as good as it gets! Went here for lunch thanks to Yelp reviews. Had the stuffed poblano chili which was HUGE and creamy and delicious. The bf had a torta which he really liked. Our waitress was friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about which items were gluten free and which weren't, what more could anyone ask for? If you like Mexican, stop here!
4	very chill, great staff that pays attention but not too much attention (if that makes sense haha). Sweet corn tamale is the shiz and so are the pig wangz. Go there, supper tasty =).
5	We found this place at random. My wife and I loved it. The Avacado bruschetta, mahi tacos and the corn and shrimp tamale all fabulous. We will be returning frequently.
5	I just swiped 5 stars, and want to add about 10 more.  Get here.  Get here now.  Hurry.  Don't delay.  This is the 3rd Molinari restaurant in the area that I have been to (see The Side Door and Uncle Sal's) and holy crap do these folks have it down.  This is a non-traditional Mexican place AND BUTCHER, and the food is absolutely indescribable, and you know from my other reviews, I am a food snob - particularly with this type of cuisine.  So reasonably priced it is silly.  We started with the Pig Wings (mini pork shanks) and guacamole with chips, and the freshness screams off the plate.  Three tacos and the shrimp and corn tamale later, and I was weeping with joy.  Super fresh ingredients, combined like a well tuned orchestra; and the sweet and spice in the tamale was literally the best tamale I have ever eaten.  I do not know how they get away with such reasonable prices.  The place is small, but not crowded or loud.  It is so clean, you feel like you could eat off the table or floor - but not too sterile!  It's dimly lit, but not too dark; and the staff seem to really enjoy their job!  They are attentive, friendly, thoughtful, and greet and visit with diners like family!  The butcher was closed, but I have heard good things!  Seriously, this place is an absolute don't miss.  Next time, I want to eat outside, on the super-inviting patio with the fountain.  While the view might only be a parking lot, it is truly charming.
1	First time eating here last night. Food was just "ok" and our service was soooo terrible. We waited over an hour to get our food. They were also out of sour cream. How can you be out of sour cream at a Mexican restaurant?! We were also asked if we saved room for dessert--we hadn't even gotten our dinner yet. Big bummer because we were looking forward to eating here after reading other reviews.
5	I just got back from lunch here and this is now my favorite Mexican place in Scottsdale! The food was incredible and at a very decent price! The food was fresh and the staff were nice. The service was slower than I would have expected but nothing that was too annoying. They have a very large outside section so when its not summer time it would be nice to sit on the patio. We ordered the house guacamole, which was chunky and fresh. The two dips that came with it were very nice, I think my favorite would be the tomatillo green sauce which was surprisingly spicy (in the best way!). I ordered the Shrimp and sweet corn tamale which was truly amazing, so fresh and the flavors were perfectly balanced. The house rice with chorizo and pineapple is equally flavorsome. My father got a torta which he was very impressed with, and my mother wouldn't stop talking about how her al pastor pork burrito was the best one she'd had since moving here from California. The burrito isn't full of rice and other starchy fillers, its just a proper meat burrito packed with fresh flavors. The portions are large and the prices aren't bad at all, much better than across the street at Carlsbad Tavern (which in my opinion isn't much better than taco bell).The butcher also had alot of interesting and hard to come by meats, which all looked relatively fresh. I got a center cut bone with marrow for my dog (my dog is 130lbs and eats equally massive bones) and it only cost me $3.47! So much cheaper than at PetSmart and its actually fresh.All in all, couldn't love this place more. One thing would be the timing of the service but apart from that 100% wonderful.
4	They had great, fresh Mexican food and good prices. Service was pretty slow the time i was there for dinner, though.
3	Lunch here was fine.. I would recommend it to someone looking for American Mexican food, nothing close to traditional Mexican cuisine. I liked the pork shank "Wings" the most.. They were in a sweet sauce and  The jalepeno ranch and salad it came with was very good. I would pass on the ceviche next time, it was more of a cocktail. My short rib tacos were very good, I liked each salsa, red and green, and used one for each. I did not like how garlicky the house rice was, wasn't balanced.
3	Pretty good Mexican place.  Reasonably priced, but you're not getting as big a portion as you would from a slightly more expensive Mexican restaurant so...less money for less food.  This is actually fine with me because I never finish the giant portions from other Mexican restaurants anyway.The guacamole was good, but not excellent. It was actually room temperature which I did not like.  The carne asada burrito was good, although the meat was slightly dry.  The green salsa was delicious, the red salsa was watery and lacked flavor.  I don't know about you, but I'm not into watery salsa.  Wait staff was great, I don't have anything bad to say there.All in all, I'd say The Blind Pig has OK food, nothing exceptional.  But I had a good time there and it satisfied my Mexican craving.
4	A fellow teacher recommended I try this place and he really hit the nail on the head, it's mouthwatering delicious. I highly suggest their pig wings on their starters menu, that chipotle glaze is to die for. I'm a HUGE fan of tacos so it only made sense for me to try a few of them and they exceeded my expectations. If you want a nice little date night that won't break the bank, then dine here!
5	Really good food. This place has unique items on the menu. Full of flavor and an intimate atmosphere. Try the grapefruit marg and the chips and quac. I had the pork tacos, but I would really look at trying their sandwich. They were supper busy, but our server flew around the room. We never felt like we were waiting to long for her. You won't be disappointed, check it out!
4	I try to stop in here for lunch whenever I'm in the area.  I like to sit at the bar and the service is always very friendly.My favorite is the taco combo with the short rib tacos and the rice.  They put a little chorizo and pineapple in the rice to make it extra yummy.
4	Great place and reasonably priced. Had the mole' pork chop and it was delicious. Only negative was the oysters. They were very small.
3	Quite a good meal but, I HATE THESE OLD MEN. I was having a good time eating but these old men kept being noisy and telling the same jokes over and over, talking about the way things were in their day. Almost made me spit up my food! Like a baby! But I didn't I prayed that their false teeth would fall out and shatter like glass upon which I could dance and stomp my little footsies all around until I was satisfied.
5	This place is cool for several reasons- great food, casual environment, stiff drinks, friendly service, and my favorite part- the butcher on hand with awesome meats from a local ranch. Favorite things on the menu- pig wings, short ribs, pork chop mole, and all their tacos. At the end of the day all their food is great, only thing I would request is a few more options for sides.But the best part is the quality of beef the butcher has, good pork and sausage selection too. I am telling you this meat is god damn good, as a man this may sound weird but I can't wait for the next chance I get to put their meat in my mouth.
4	Food is solid if you know what to order and the restaurant has a nice casual vibe. The carne asada nachos are killer, and the house rice with chorizo and pineapple is super tasty. I ordered the mushroom quesadilla, which was too rich for me, but I tried a short rib taco off my friend's plate and it was yummy.
1	The food was just OK, with very little meat given, and not very filling. This is just another overpriced place to avoid in Scottsdale.
4	Ordered the short rib and carne asada tacos a la carte...you know...so I could sample more on my own. :) added on guac and cheese of course. I would totally come back for the short rib tacos!!
5	Best hidden gem in Old Town.  Great patio, wonderful staff and delicious food.  They pour a nice size glass of wine and the small water feature creates a pleasant atmosphere.  Wide variety on the menu and always have great specials.  You will not be disappointed!!!
3	Based on my 3 recent visits.  I dig the taco menu, half way through it and can say I'll order them all again so far I've had the chicken, fish, and short ribs.  On a recent visit had the special of the day which was what I thought was an enchilada but more of a enchilada fajita thing , I was expecting a simple chicken enchilada in a corn tortilla with some sauce and a little cheese it was was something else....I'll give this a I didn't listen to or question the explanation of the day's special it was good but not what I expected so my bad.Update 11/7 Have to take off a star for now, the carne asada taco was so salty it was unedible, no excuse for that.  Service as always was good.
4	Poor blind pig, ended up in a butcher case! Now I didn't get the chance to order up some of that pig, but I did have a great order of Carne Asada Tacos! Now there isn't much to a carne asada taco, but mess up one or two of these ingredients and I'm out. Number 1 and my most important ingredient is the meat. The Blind Pig seasoned the meat perfectly and grilled to perfection. Meat wasn't dry and trimmed of all fat. Number 2 is the tortilla, has to be homemade or from a local tortillaria. The tortilla was from one of those. Soft corn tortillas that didn't break and had some flavor to them. The rest of the ingredients just need to be fresh. Make sure you get the chips and salsa. Once again made there or somewhere in town. Looking forward to going back to The Blind Pig and trying some of the other refrigerated animals in the butcher case!!
5	Sorry Joseph I don't agree! Try the mushroom quesadilla. It is outstanding and more than an ample portion. Hands down a favorite spot! The guacamole is excellent too as is the shrimp tamale.
5	Date Attended: 10/28/14 (Carryout)Item Ordered: Santa Fe Salad, Side Salad with Chicken, Steak Salad, House Guacamole Salad, Nachos (3 orders), Pork Wings, Short Ribs (2 orders)Price : $102 (ridiculously low prices)Service: The staff was very helpful staggering the time when items came out so they could be loaded in the car. Everything was labeled correctly and all no items were missing in any of the orders.  Atmosphere: Pretty basic inside. All tables and no booths. The bar had a small amount of tequila options.Food Quality: This is where they SHINED. The food was fricking amazing, the price was even better, and the portions were insane. When ordering the nachos, make sure that 2-3 people are sharing them. Nobody that ordered nachos were able to finish the entire dish. I've never seen an entree with two actual short ribs for this price. We are still trying to figure out why the food is so good, so cheap, and portions are so large.Overall Experience: Of the 8 people that ordered all reviews were 4.5-5 star with 5 star the majority.
5	Not much too add I said before this place is amazing, but they did expand and it was at the expense of removing the butcher out of the building. I was a little bummed but understand business. The good and service still rocks.
5	Love this place. I have ordered take out several times with co-workers and each time we all rave about how much we love the place and think that the portions are a great value. I typically order the chicken nachos - they are amazing - huge portion...so huge, they are served in a pizza box. I can't ever eat more than half of the order and it was only $8 - seriously, great deal. I have had samplings of others food and have been equally as impressed with other dishes from the menu. I have picked up the order a couple of times and have found that the service is always friends and efficient. Even more impressive - the order has always been right. They are willing to split the bill among multiple payment sources (credit cards, cash etc.) I have nothing but positive things to say about this place and will continue to return regularly.
4	The food was much better the second time I went! I got the carne asada burrito and it was deliciously cooked to perfection. Guac was terrific as were the chips & salsa, as they should be at any Mexican restaurant. The service was slow which is why I'm not giving a 5 star review.
4	Get the nachos. Please. Unless you're allergic to nachos, get the nachos. They are to die for. When my sister and I went there, we ate the nachos for our dinner, basically. And I am not even a fan of cheese. Amazing. The service is great, and the food is delicious. The prices are pretty low as well. The location is sort of hidden, but it's not a problem.
3	Pretty good spot, atmosphere and decor are on point. Service was good. We got the queso fundido as an appetizer and it was delicious. I got the steak salad, my girlfriend got the nachos with al pastor pork. My steak was ordered med rare, came out med well + Nachos were pretty good though. Pretty inexpensive as well.Food - 3Service - 4 Probably rate a 3.5 if I could.
