5	Went to El Oasis on a Sunday afternoon. This place spacious and clean with friendly and knowledgable people serving up authentic Mexican treats(smoothies, cake, chicharones, esquite, and more). I too tried the mango sherbet with chilli powder and it was delicious! I can't wait to go back. This place is awesome and reminds me of home. They also have non-traditional ice cream flavors the gansito and  tequila ice cream are must haves. Yes! Tequila ice cream, enough said.
5	had one of their ham tortas and it was on POINT! not to mention the esquite! super happy to have this in urbana-champaign. thank you!
5	This is a very unique place with authentic Mexican flavors. I really loved the pinenut and mango rum with raisins!!! Worth trying people:-)
5	As far as I know, this is the only place in town that specializes in Mexican ice cream and desserts (some snack food too, like spicy fruit, esquites, tortas, duros). It is nice to be able to have access to these treats out here in the Midwest! I've only had the paletas here so far, and they're great, and there are dozens of flavors of helado and paletas to choose from. I'll definitely come back to try other menu items.  I think it's a bit expensive (probably because I'm comparing it to the prices I'm used to paying for the same things in LA) but it's comparable to the prices at other ice cream and dessert places in the C-U area, and it makes sense given that it's the only place that sells some of the menu items. There is plenty of indoor seating, and it seems like a good place to go with friends or family.
5	Homemade Paletas! Delicioso! New & old flavors! Great place. I had strawberry with big ole strawberries & my daughter had the cereal one & it was pretty tasty! They also have ice cream & shakes with a Mexican twist! Very interesting flavors they have! I'll be back
5	I went here yesterday for the first time and absolutely loved it. First of all, it is the only place in CU that I have seen that has gotten a perfect score on their health inspection. There was a huge selection of treats and the gentleman working was very helpful to explain the different flavors. They also have water based ice cream, which is great for lactose intolerant (me) or vegan people. The prices were reasonable and it was just something really unique. I can't wait to go back- highly recommended!
5	friends.I'm so happy I found this little gem in Urbana. I'm here for the summer and it's my mission to try every hole in the wall (and some nicer places) while I'm down here. I love hole in the wall restos but especially when they have great service AND it's clean!! El Oasis has both plus amazing funky flavors of ice cream and paletas (popsicle). If you're lactose intolerant or vegan etc you'll find something yummy here. I got the jambon (ham) torta and it was fantastic. Like...I'm not a sandwich person and I killed it in less than 5 min! It was fresh, bread was soft not stale, spicy aioli omg...best part- it's under $4. I'm planning on living off this stuff now.Also tried the spicy mango paleta and I asked the lady owner if it's very spicy. She said not really. Lies. It was good but a bit too much spice for my taste (for a dessert). If you're not the adventurous type, they have normal flavors like strawberry, kiwi, mango, etc.
5	We go there all the time and have taken atleat 50 other people there. The escamocha candy is amazing.  The spicy mango is another fav. They have amazing flavors like tamari, spicy pineapple, maame. Can never get enough of this place
5	Very friendly customer service. Interesting options to choose from. Definitely worth a try if looking to branch out and try something different! I recommend trying their "gansito" ice cream...delicious!
5	This is just awesome place.. my first yelp review.. signed up just to say how good this place is .. spicy mango.. tamarind .. flavors you have never heard of. Too good.
5	Seriously the best ice cream place I have been to so mAny flavors and you seriously don't have to be a kid to enjoy this. Wonderful customer service and plenty of seating great for large groups as we'll!! I had the strawberry cream paleta soooooooo good I bought 6 more to take home with me ! A must try I wish it was in a location where everyone could see It though it would be much well known!!!
5	This is one of my favorite spots in Urbana! They have a wide variety of desserts and ice creams. I usually go with a paleta or fruit with chili powder. The folks that run the place are friendly and super-helpful!
5	O M G this place deserves so much more attention than it's actually getting! I came here after a tiring canoe trip, and this was the perfect treat. I sort of had in mind that I wanted a paleta (Mexican for popsicle) coming here, but as soon as I saw what everyone else was coming here for, I knew I want to the chamoyada. Definitely go for the large size. You get to choose three of their water based Mexican ice cream (mango, spicy mango, lime, tamarind, or guava). The cup is coated with a chile sauce, with additional chile sauce and fresh squeezed lime juice between each layer. All of this gets topped off with diced mango. I chose spicy mango, tamarind, and guava for my cup. Guava is SOOOO good. I'm obsessed with this place and their chamoyada now. We came back four days later at lunch time. The second time we went, it was empty so we got a chance to chat with the owner. Really friendly guy. He mentioned not investing in advertising at all, but this place is really a gem and deserves word of mouth advertising.
5	Best ice cream in Chambana, hands down. Their tamales are fresh, made with quality masa, just like Nana makes (available on weekends). If you are hungry, try their tortas too. I love this place!
5	This place is a hidden gem which is good in a way cuz I never had to stay in line! My favorite ice cream is their pine nuts and tequila! I tried the guava too and it was tasty.  My friend got the chamoyada (spicy mango ice cream, with mango cubes and spicy sauce) and omg omg omg it was so good! He didnt even like spicy but he loved it! All of the ice cream I tried are just at the perfect sweetness level. They also have options for lactose intolerants!! Definitely recommended altho I wish they could move to a better location!
