5	This shop is one of Edinburgh's hidden gems. (pardon the pun) Mr Wood has sourced some amazing finds. You can buy a wee trilobite for a pound or a massive slab containing hundreds of specimens for hundreds of pounds. The staff know what they are talking about. It's worth going in for a look just to marvel at some of the large agates and chrystals.If you're starting a collection or adding to an existing one this is the place for you.
4	This place is awesome for those of you who are fans of dinosaurs and fossils such as myself(yes I am a geek and I'm proud). I bought a shark tooth (allegedly millions of years old although I somehow doubt it) pendant for myself and a friend and its great little old shop to have a wee look around. The prices are a bit high for some things, but it's still fun for the palaeontologist inside you!
5	I'm getting on a bit myself so now feel I can empathise a bit with the ancient old relics that adorn Mr Wood's stores. It's never going to be a place that will attract the masses or become a mecca for the young and hip, but that's exactly why it's good.Given that I've seen Jurassic Park about 100 times, and know far more about dinosaurs than is socially acceptable, I kind of wish they were a bit better represented in this shop, but considering they're all the size of a house, and at least 65 million years old I'll let old Woody off with it.
4	When I was younger I was fanatical about my Treasures of the Earth magazine collection. I can feel the excitement coming back to me in waves of the day a new mag was released, and thus I could own a brand new gemstone!Mr Woods Fossils appeals to that side of me which I've never fully grown out of. I thought it was too unusual a store to pass by, but I didn't expect to find so many relics in here! Not only does this unique shop specialise in fossils, but they sell massive pieces of pyrite, amethyst or quartz. There is a whole section dedicated to minerals of all shapes and sizes.I never thought I'd go shopping and find a place where I could buy a piece of meteorite. Not only are they great for collectors but a piece of moon rock would make a rather significant and romantic gift if you're feeling inventive! Prices on quirky keepsakes such as the Mars rock vary but make Mr Woods a very unique place to shop indeed. With its stock ranging from shark tooth necklaces to massive pieces of minerals, it's more like a museum than a store on the Grassmarket. Need a 13500 year old bison jawbone? Then come on down to this fossil hot spot!
4	I've never actually seen Mr Wood. But in all honesty he's probably too busy gallivanting unexplored worlds, digging up unknown creatures and hunting those long thought extinct. So yeah Mr Woods Fossils is the place that gets my overactive imagination going. All I want to do is lend my support to how cool this place is. It's where all the hip cats are at!Mr Wood sells a range of fossils. There are cheaper common fossils, the sort you might find at museums, geared toward the casual fossil shopper. Then there are sort of giant kraken heads and godzilla toes that cost a bit more, and clearly more for collectors. I expect this shop actually makes most of its money from ordering further from home and abroad, but that's no reason not enjoy a browse in this very different and really cool shop.
