4	The intricate detail on the action figures of local toy creator Todd McFarlane are amazing.  I checked out the new first-ever store when I was at Westgate in Glendale and was in awe at how much the Cardinals' Matt Leinart actually looked like him.  And I do know these things.  Although the toy store specializes in action figures and looks and feels as if it's a corporate chain, this is apparently the only store and the "U.S. flagship". In addition to pro sports action figures, they also had rock bands such as KISS and the Simpsons.  Roll-up Gene Simmons tongue anyone?I'm not even into toys or action figures and still thought it was pretty rad. It's definitely worth a visit even if just to marvel and gawk at skillz of McFarlane.
3	Its a nice store with a very clean layout and if your into the figurines you will like the store even more. As for myself though i can appreciate certain figurines for its looks and artistry this isn't a place that i would go to regularly unless i was into being a heavy collector. I had looked forward to going to this store for a while but was left with a feeling like that's it. I did buy something but cant imagine going back very soon. Ill go back but i wont rush back.
5	If your a fan on McFarlane toys this is the store for you. i have loved the artristry of McFarlane for many years and have bought the toys as i have seen them in places like walmart. this is a very specilized store for McFarlane toys so its not for all toy lovers.
2	The continued existence of McFarlane Toys poses, to me, a trouble dilemma of reality-defying logic on par with how nobody ever seems to notice that Archie wears the same damn outfit every day.I never see anyone actually buying anything. I mean, occasionally someone will take one of those overpriced abominations off of the shelf (much to the anxiety of the staff), check the price tag before letting out a bit of a chuckle and putting it back. Sometimes, if you're lucky, you'll get one of those "McFarlane virgins"."Oh my god look! They have KISS figures! And Simpsons! nd they have marines! Semper Fi! Why is this all so expensive? And whose 'Spawn'?"But again, none of these amusing yet painfully commonplace instances actually generate any profit for the store.I have several theories as to how they stay in business. One of the more ludicrous ones involves someone who I will call the "McFarlane Fairy", a mysterious, eccentric recluse with lots of money who comes in the store after all the working class rabble have been shooed out and browses at his leisure. Perhaps he takes the figures out of the package and makes dioramas out of them. Perhaps not.Maybe McFarlane Toys really aren't intended to be stores. Perhaps they're merely "toy museums" that let you look at all the wonders of Todd McFarlane's genius. After all, Museums let you buy their work from them, don't they?We're talking about the douchebag that blew his life savings on that ball Mark "I Can't Wipe My Own Ass" McGuire hit to dubiously break Hank Aaron's home run record. This guy doesn't know a sound investment from his own asshole.What I want to know is when making comic books wasn't enough for this guy.At one point in his life did he say "Fuck comic books. What I really want to do with my life is produce a line of ultra-realstic and highly detailed action figures that will adorn the shelves of GameStops and Spencer's Gifts everywhere"?Maybe I wouldn't be so bitter if they made action figures out of athletes when I was a kid.Wait. They did. They were called "Starting Lineups" and the only people who bought them were parents who didn't realize they were supposed to be collectibles.And dragons? Great. Something to match that poster of two dragons doing it while some gnome smokes a bowl of pot that I bought at Spencer's.Oh boy. Marines. Just what I need. A miniature toy soldier that I can hang on my wall who will look down on me for not enlisting when my country needed me. Gee, it's like having a three-dimensional picture of my father.And which Metallica box set features the "Action Whine" Lars Ulrich that cries blood every time I download a song from limewire?McFarlane makes overhyped comic books with one hand and peddles overpriced action figures with the other. He's a complicated man who only wants to share his love of himself with his community.I am both proud and disgusted to welcome him to the west side.
4	I have no idea how I made it out of this store without spending any money. I strolled in for some browsing before a Coyotes hockey game. There was a massive sale going on. The small store was packed. Lots of people were buying figures. I got as far as picking up a few but somehow managed to put them back on the shelves.This is a great place to see all the different designs that have been produced over the years. If you're looking to add to your collection, this would be a great store to visit.
4	This place is worth checking out if you are ever in the area going to a cardinals, coyotes, concert, what have you event. I don't know what that Jetta chick review was all about, maybe she is arching McFarlane or something. I bought a tight Larry Fitzgerald toy/figure there before the colts game a couple of weeks ago for only 10 bucks. But yeah, its a cool fun store that you should check out if you are in the area and have time.
3	Imagine my joy when I was walking around the Jobing.com area before a concert and found a McFarlane store! It was like Christmas. Yes, I own several McFarlanes of various sports. Hockey and baseball being the main figures I own.  The figures are very authentic and a nice piece of memorabilia/collectible for fans of a team or player. I was blown away that there was a store devoted strictly to all the various McFarlane creations.I was thrilled to go inside and find players that I might not normally find at  other stores or pay ridiculous prices online or at another retail shop .On my first visit. I ended up getting a Joe Thornton item for my future brother in law..Since my initial experience, each time I've gone to the store (4 times now) I've always left a bit disappointed. The player(s) I was looking for were never there! Every single time! Yes, they still have tons of Shaun Alexanders', Eli Mannings', NBA Legends (minus Majerle),  and Jose Reyes to name a few.The cost of the figures are very reasonable and in line for what I've paid at Target, Toys R Us in the past buying other figures. Usually around $9.99-11.99. Besides the sports figures, there are also other figures or toys available-Kiss, Halo, GI Joe, Smurfs among others.. The store has always been clean and aisles free of scattered toy boxes. You may only had to sidestep kids running around instead of kids and boxes.Next time I hit Jobing.com for a game or concert, I'll swing by the McFarlane store, but I know what I might be looking for is likely not there. Some McFarlanes are available next door at Just Sports, but more expensive. I'm not talking a dollar or two either.
2	Took my geeky friends from out-of-town here, expecting to see Fantastic! Comic! Geek! Stuff! In! Their! Huge! Store! as per their website, but, eh, it's just a regular toy store selling dolls.  Er, "action figures."  Yeah, some cool, rare stuff to see under glass (like the Limited Edition Bruce Lee in Game of Death jumpsuit), but why would I want to Hasbro Star Wars figures here, when I don't even want them from ToysRUs or Target?  I WOULD HAVE purchased McFarlane Toy's "Sun" and "Jin" from Lost, but apparently they don't stock their own stuff in large supplies.  (I could have gotten poor old Mr. Eko on clearance, but eh...)
4	My girlfriend collects robot toys and one of my best friends is a Spawn fanatic so I decided to take a look around. Although there weren't many robots there was plenty more of everything else you can imagine when it comes to toys, McFarlane created or not.They had a small, but vital comic archive for the Spawn fan and they offered hard-to-find or unique toys of all genres. Plenty to choose from and even the imports weren't devastatingly expensive. This franchise specialty store can be appreciated by anyone who collects and even for those of us that want to take a look around. Pretty entertaining as a time killer for the masses or a Mecca for the few. I walked out empty-handed, but with a curious smile on my face, my friend on the other hand was pleased with the fare he found to support his hobby.
1	I was under the impression that all the businesses at Westgate wanted the Coyotes to stay in Glendale. That must not be the case with McFarlane Toys since they were locking up 10 minutes before closing time. Maybe I would buy this on a non-game Tuesday night, but a Saturday night, just as 15,000+ fans are pouring out of the game and into the mall?? Bad business model Todd, if you ask me. The funny thing is that during the hockey game I had just commented to my friends how smart it was for the Coyotes to start games at 6pm to help the businesses outside of the arena. I guess that idea fell on deaf ears. So needless to say, I won't be back (is there a way to do a ZERO star review??)
1	Super dissapointed with this store. I'm a big comic book fan, and have been a fan of Spawn/ the Mcfarlane line of comics, and collectible toys ever since the mid 90's when Todd started Image Comics. Anyhow, i always heard about this place, and its quite the distance from southeast Gilbert, but the wife and I were on the west side of town and decided to stop by. When i think of this being his only store, my assumption is that it would have many hard to find comics, collectibles, and figurines; making it a "one-off" kind of store where avid fans can go and find rare items. Nope.Walking in was a little underwhelming, the majority of collectibles/ figurines were items i could find at department stores like Wal Mart or Target. Whats even worse is the selection IMO was terrible. The entire 3/4 of the back wall is dedicated to NFL, MLB, NHL, and NBA figurines. While thats great in theory, they ONLY HAVE maybe 6-8 different players for the entire league. You would think being in Arizona, maybe, just maybe there would be a Larry Fitzgerald, hell ANY Cardinals figurines, nope (im not even a cards fan', just saying). They have maybe 50 Tim Tebow figurines, 50 Jeremy Lin figurines, and just a paltry selection of players that are overhyped on ESPN. A bunch of Halo toys, some Star Wars toys, and a few custom figurines. Nothing ground breaking. Ill give the store some credit, it is nicely organized, but thats about it. I want to like this store so bad because i like the products that Mcfarlane toys has put out over the years, but this place just doesnt have anything special, nothing i cant find anywhere else or get on the internet. No exclusivety, so i wouldnt recommend going out of your way to go there. Maybe if youre at Westgate walking around, stop by, but you will probably feel the same way.This place has so much potential, they just need to bring in better selection, and hard to find items so people feel that its worth their time to even go there, otherwise, whats the point?
5	I am from New Jersey and was in the area visiting my parents, whom retired out to Goodyear in 2008. I was unaware that this store existed! We happened to come upon this property when seeking something to eat in West Gate. My eyes opened wide and my mouth dropped, I was more excited than my seven year old daughter at the Wildwood boardwalk on a summer day. I have been occasionally collecting McFarlane horror related figures since the the '90s. Low and behold, the only McFarlane in existence lay before my grasp! I was blown away people!    My wife and I checked out the joint after lunch at the Yards restaurant. Holy sh$t! What are you under four star raters thinking with your negative reviews! This place had several items, and at reasonable prices. We scored some out of print titles, and new ones. I saw one of the items purchased at $41.00 going for $75.00 on eBay! The kid running the store was cool, we discussed the Living Dead Dolls and my buddy Damien who invented them, along with Edward.  Gorgeous, large store, with an impressive selection. Clean and well maintained. I even found some discounted goodies for my daughter there. That was a fun experience that I plan on repeating the next time I am out visiting in Arizona.
2	Could be 5-star if McFarlane put a little effort into it, but it's not.   Way too much square footage here to be used up by the crap that is in it.   Miles and miles sports figures...that's fine, I guess, at least the hockey and football ones with the stadiums right there.  But now hello kitty?  Monster high?  Stuff you can get at Target?   Aside from that what annoyed me the most was the staff here.  3 of them on a Saturday with a full store and they were busy talking about their boyfriends at the counter rather than helping people or getting people checked through the ever-growing long line.What a shame.
4	My ten year old daughter and I had dinner at the McFarlane to celebrate our weekend together. My daughter loved the food. There are special chairs for the dolls to sit at the table with you. It was a fun night.
