5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Gentle Care Dental!!  Dr. Wu, Dr. Barela and the staff are absolutely amazing!  The atmosphere is warm and inviting and you are always treated like family.  I have always had a fear of going to the dentist; in fact, the first time I sat with Dr. Wu I was so scared that I cried!  She was so patient with me and really took the time to explain everything to me. I now enjoy going to my appointments and visiting with the staff.   My husband sees Dr. Barela and can't say enough good things about him!  We refer family and friends to their office because we know that they will receive the best care and customer service.
5	Let me start off this review by saying that I haven't been to a dentist since the turn of the century, possibly before. When I heard about this practice, I knew I had to give them a chance.Upon walking in to the waiting room, I was enthusiastically greeted by Cheryl's warm and friendly face. After the thorough process of filling out new patient forms and a brief wait, Raquel led me back to a clean, spacious room with large floor to ceiling windows and offered me a seat.After the initial series of x-Rays, Dr. Wu came in and performed the exam herself. Occasionally, she would rattle off numbers to her assistant, but she put my mind at ease explaining ahead of time what and why she'd be doing. Throughout whole ordeal, I was willfully distracted by a television they had playing in the exam room.Although it had been over 10 years since I had been to a dentist, the staff at Gentle Care Dentistry made the whole process more bearable, almost to the point of pleasant. I will definitely be making them my regular dental care provider.
5	Wonderful Dentist. My son knocked a filling out at 6.  Called Dr. Barella and he stayed late and got him patched up.  Was wonderful with my daughter as well.  I love this place, they don't triple book so your appointment is actually the time they scheduled.  They are all very professional and caring!
5	I went to these guys today after over 3 years of not seeing a dentist. I have severe anxiety when it comes to visiting the dentist. Unfortunately I had a broken tooth giving me severe pain. I emailed Cheryl on Sunday night explaining my issue and they got me in right away Monday morning for X-rays and I then returned an hour later to have the work up done for my crown. I explained to them I would need nitrous oxide or something else to help me not freak out. I also told them that I have had difficulty in the past getting areas of mouth numb and staying numb. Dr. Barela did an excellent job of putting me at ease, numbing the area and getting me relaxed with the nitrous. The hygienist Chris did an excellent job with my cleaning and X-rays. Overall I had an excellent experience and will be returning!!!! ;) If I could give this place more stars I definitely would!!!!
5	I know I know ... like we needed one more 5 star review ... well you do.  Sit down and read.  My husband (at the time) was 36.  Never saw a dentist IN HIS LIFE.  As you can imagine, he just knew they were going to preach root canals and extractions and bears, OH MY.  Well, the bear was true.He did have deep cleaning issues and after a few hygenist visits, a few visits with Dr. Wu and Dr. Barela we got him mostly caught up - except, there were concern about build up way way way down that was going to require surgery, he had a broken wisdom tooth, and if you take it you might as well take all - fine.  Except at the time, Drs. Wu and Barela were working with an oral surgeon that wanted us to pay $8000 JUST FOR THE lower build up.  Dentures cost less, people, just saying.  So we didn't call the office back.  We didn't send our Lone Ranger back to the office.  Just kind of dismissed it.Until ... we get another call from the office ... they switched surgeons.  They have a new one!  And admitted that the last one wasn't working out and realized that their recommended course of action was extreme.  Well - that opened our eyes.  It was time for another cleaning so we sent back our sacrifice to the dental Mt. Olympus and lo and behold, was making amazing progress.  The new surgeon ... I have to find him on Yelp because he was great - even called to check on my husband around 8 or 9 that night after his wisdom teeth were extracted.So I sent in the two little ones as I had really wanted a 'family' dentist.  The dentist took a look at the oldest and even though the pediatric dentist that saw her when she was quite wee told us there would be braces in our future ... Dr. Barela said, let's wait and see - teeth move a lot.  I really liked that.  And when the youngest was getting her cleaning, perfect pearly whites ... he was sad that she was going to lose them because they were flawless.Then there's me.  The hold out ... the ... well, I haven't been to a real dentist since maybe 2000 (don't judge) and have been through (2) pregnancies (as evidenced by prior paragraph) and all kinds of coffee ... the actual policyholder.  I had my series of issues, among them ... 7 fillings.  SEVEN FILLINGS.  Listen.  If you haven't heard a single thing I've said, please do this ... take care of your teeth.  Seven fillings is not a Disney trip, my friends.  And who better to do that?  Well ... this place.  You will not be disappointed with your care.  Cheryl in the front office is amazing ... she worked with me on a payment plan for my fillings.  And she will even e-mail you a reminder.  I liked that.The hygenist, Chris, is amazing.  Just a great lady and very sensitive to your care.I honestly can't say enough good things, but please if you are looking for a dentist - go see them!!!  Just look for the bear in the corner window!  They only get 5 stars because I can't give them 10.
5	Quite possibly the nicest medical staff I have ever encountered.  Cheryl is the perfect greeter/hostess/receptionist.  She is pleasant, knowledgeable and efficient.  Everyone knows how challenging it is to pick a new dentist.  Speaking to her and you Yelpers :)  is how  I decided to choose Gentle Care Dental for my dental provider for my TDA Dental Plan.My experience was phenomenal.  Flexible appointment times and no long wait once in the office.  I was given the option to complete my paperwork prior to my appointment so that saved time.  To begin, Raquel brought me into the examination room to review my x-rays and discuss any issues of concern.  After that I met with Dr. Barela who advised me on my teeth and confirmed that my crown that had come unattached (damn sticky candy) was in good shape and could be re-cemented.  Thank God, because I was scared at having to fork over a hefty chunk of change for a new one.  After that, I had my cleaning by the hygienist, Brenda.  She was indeed very "gentle" with my teeth and gums.  I thought it was cool that as part of my first appointment, they take measurements of your gums as a baseline and store that digitally.  In this way, they can more accurately access any gum deterioration.  Once Brenda was done,  Dr. Barela re-cemented my crown and spent a great deal of time with me discussing after-care and answering general questions I had about my teeth and dentistry.  Initially, I was looking for a holistic dentist, but my insurance didn't have coverage for any in the area.  It was nice to hear Dr. Barela's views on fluoride (pros/cons) and that he was open to my stance on daily care that doesn't necessarily involve fluoride.  He is open minded and I appreciate that.  I personally use Dr. Collins Restore fluoride-free toothpaste.  It was nice to know that Dr. Barela was familiar with it, its main ingredient Novamin (Calcium Sodium Phosphosilicate) and research studies involving its efficacy.  Nice!I really look forward to going back in 6 months and I recommend that you try them out too. :)
5	I just had the most pleasant dental experience EVER here.  The entire office staff is efficient, gentle and super friendly.  I called last week, in pain, and explained that I had seen their reviews on Yelp and worked right down the way and could they see me?  And they squeezed me right in!  They also emailed me the paperwork to speed up the check in process and they even called me this morning with a cancellation and offered to take me even earlier today.  I am impressed with the ease of getting an appointment!   Also, when I walked in I liked that the office is clean and tastefully decorated with a good selection of reading materials, having both men and women's magazines.  (Not that I needed them though, because they whisked me straight back almost as soon as I sat down.)   The exam/treatment areas have TVs on the wall so you can distract yourself with what's on TV.  Today it was The Muppets pirate movie. (YAY, I LOVE THE MUPPETS!)  The dental assistant, Raquel, was super sweet and polite too.  The x-rays are taken in the chair and are shown to you instantaneously on a computer monitor placed on an exam table in front of the chair.  The dentist, Dr. Barela, was warm and friendly and never left me waiting for him to come see me.  He took the time to thoroughly explain everything on the x-rays and then he examined my teeth in detail and suggested a very reasonable course of treatment.  (Some dentists make me feel like they are suggesting such a radical treatment plan that I sometimes suspect that it's overkill just to make more money, but I didn't feel that here AT ALL!)  We both agreed that I needed just one filling and he asked if I'd like it done today...I was stunned.  A same day treatment, while I'm already here and ready to go?  Why yes, please, thank you!  He was ready to do the filling within minutes and he was super gentle and friendly.  He explained everything as he did the filling too, so I wasn't left there wondering what was going on the whole time.  Believe me, the whole process was PAINLESS.   While he was in there he also added some anti-sensitivity medicine to a couple of teeth that were a bit sensitive (but good otherwise) and he grinded down a high spot on a crown that I got a year ago that never did feel quite right.  I thought was was going above and beyond doing that, and I was impressed; really impressed!!Folks, please believe me when I tell you I am a full blown, dental chicken after I had a root canal on a badly abscessed tooth when I was 19 that so painful and traumatic that other people could hear me screaming and sobbing clear out in the dentist's lobby. (Just the memory makes me ill...)  Dr. Barela had a tall order today to make me feel comfortable and not in fear or in pain and he did a wonderful job.   I am SO happy, he is now my new dentist!!  This place is great.Oh, I almost forgot to mention that I needed to schedule a cleaning, and instead of the typical cleaning appointment that has to be scheduled weeks and weeks out, they actually had an appointment available for me next week at a time that actually works for me AND availability for my teenage daughter to her her teeth cleaned next week after school too.  They are very accommodating of your schedule and I really appreciated that flexibility.This is a great dentist.  I couldn't recommend them any more highly!
5	I went today and had a cleaning here.  Again my treatment was gentle and all around awesome.  The warmth and genuine friendliness of the staff is the recurring theme here.  They are all just so darned nice!!If you are looking for a dental office where you are treated like you really matter and almost like an old friend then this is THE place to call.  I swear, you WON'T regret it!
5	I received a bill for $28 in the mail from them and I couldn't figure out why...  I *thought* I'd paid for my filling in full on my first visit and my cleaning at my second visit was supposed to be free because of my insurance, so why was I getting a bill for $28??  I called and reached Cheryl at the front desk.  I explained to her that I got a bill and I wasn't sure why and within seconds she had pulled up my account history, it turns out that I overpaid for my filling and I had actually received a credit memo, not a bill!  :) She said she was gonna have them generate a check and send it to me right away.  How awesome is that?These guys really are the best at customer service!
5	Love this place. They have THE nicest, most gentle staff Ive ever experienced in a dental office.I originally followed probably THE gentalist dentist over here a few years ago. Sadly, after a few months w/ this practice he decided to move to a res up north and continue his work there. So glad I stayed. Their front office staff is super nice. Any questions you have, theyll answer. Both Dr. Wu and Dr. Barela are awesome. Very chatty (I dont know about you, but that makes me more comfortable), and willing to answer any questions or look into any concerns you may have. Love that they have TVS w/ movies playing on them above every chair, its nice to not think about the fact that Im getting a filling while its happening.Seriously, so glad Dr. Kelty introduced me to this office. Ive been to some awful, awful dentists. These people are absolutely the opposite of awful.
5	I really like this place (as much as I could like a dentist's office I suppose).  They always take the time to explain what is going on and really educate their patients.  The staff is very friendly and do their best to make you feel at ease.
5	As if this place needs another rave review, but I'll gladly give one anyway! I've been going to Dr. Wu and Dr. Barela since they bought the practice and I have never been happier going to the dentist (which, let's face it, is one of the last places you want to be). The office has the most genuine, gentle staff and I never have to wonder or worry about the care that I will receive. They always asks if there are any concerns before sitting down, and each dentist or hygienist always explains what they will be doing in order to set you at ease. I went in for a cleaning and a filling today and everything went incredibly smoothly. I've never had to wait to be taken back for an appointment, as they are very punctual. Dr. Barela even called me tonight at 6:00pm to follow up after my appointment, asking if I was doing alright or had any pain. I am happy to recommended Gentle Care Dental to anyone looking for a dentist in the area. You won't find anyone better.
5	We looked all over the place for a new dentist in Tempe.  And as luck would have it we stumbled upon Gentle Care Dental.  Our very first visit we were so pleased that they saw me and my wife, and then made special accommodation for my 3 year old daughter who needed a crown on her baby tooth.  They said, 'let's bring her on back and see how it goes' and she felt very comfortable, so instead of looking all over the place for a specialty 'pediatric dentist' this place is now our one stop place for the whole family.   They just alway have been so extremely accommodating to a busy family's needs, and make my kids feel comfortable and well taken care of.  The front staff is very easy to work with and makes you feel good, and Cheryl is most knowledgable about insurance and such other things.  The dental assistants who do the cleanings are among the best I've ever experienced.  The setup is extremely modern, and the x-rays are about ten times higher resolution than my previous dentist.  Dr. Barela, he is super professional and I put my faith in him.  Plus, they have hot tea and a nice waiting room and good magazines :-)  Way to go Gentle Care Dental!
2	Been here for my root canal crowning & 4 dental fillings. The experience was alright. Not as good as the reviews suggested. I'd exhausted my annual insurance benefits , so they did work around that with me & gave me a plan that made economic sense to me. But the quality of work is what i'm not so confident about.I felt their push so i could get more fillings.They identified i needed 8-9 fillings. I settled for 4 which actually made apparent sense to me. I felt that the cleanup(digging ) they did before doing the filling was a little too much compared to my previous dentist visits.And one of the four fillings i received developed sensitivity within 4 months ! And i do take very good care of my teeth - regular brushing, flossing , eating habits.
