5	Many books to read, great customer service. Ask if you need help finding something the people there will help you find it quick. Only bad thing is it is sometimes very busy and you can't find somewhere to sit, outside sitting available. Easy to get to and great location.
4	I love to go to the book store and do research on whatever my hobby of the month is , i guess I'm old school don't like to read on the PC. Staff always helpful. Lots of seating to read and study. I only wish they had a better coffee shop , I don't care for Starbucks.
4	We purchased a NOOK Color from barnesandnoble.com. After turning it on and spending a few minutes testing it out, my husband noticed that there were a few dead pixels on the screen. According to their return policy, they allowed customers to return or exchange the NOOK at any Barnes and Noble store. So I came in to this location the next day to do an exchange. When I walked in, there was only one cashier working in the front and a pretty long line of customers. I figured that I didn't want to hold up the line when my turn came, so I decided to look for another employee in the store to ask if they would allow the exchange first. I asked the employee at the customer service booth for help. Turns out that she was the manager and could not have been nicer about it! If I remember correctly, her name was Beth. When I told her about the dead pixels, she apologized for it (even though it wasn't her fault) and said "Don't you just hate when that happens? Don't worry, we'll get you a new one!"  I'm happy that the exchange process was hassle-free! I didn't shop for anything while I was in the store, but everything looked clean and organized. My only suggestion to them would be to have another cashier in the front when there is a long line at the checkout.
5	Great location in Summerlin. Has plenty of plugs for laptop users on one wall in the cafe. You may have to wait for a spot to open up on the weekends because it gets busy. There is a Whole Foods right next to it which is awesome. If there were not, I would probably eat every peanut butter cookie in the cafe display. I love when they just take them out of the oven. mmmmmmmm!B&N still needs to work on separate recycling canisters in their stores. I have not seen any recycling at a B&N yet. I just bring my cups/etc. over to whole foods to dispose of them. Usually I will have a pile of cups, bottles, etc in my car till I get home :/Hey Ken M., I have a rewards card for B&N. You should get one, ha! When they have sales, I sometimes GET 85% OFF items! The card more than pays for itself just in cafe purchases alone. Did kids at camp wrap you up in duct tape and rewards cards one day? I understand sometimes rewards cards and the barrage of sales people can be annoying, but this is one card you should have if you buy books/mags/nook/etc.
5	When ever our family has time on there hands, one of our favorite places to go is Barnes and Noble. A family outing  to Barnes and Noble usually means a pit stop in Starbucks for a hot tea and an hour or two of browsing endless topics in search of the few books that are worthy of coming home with us that particular visit. First stop is Mom picks up about 10 books or magazines and the we head to the children section where I find a seat and my girls can politely  pa ruse through the endless supply of children and Young reader books.  When my girls were younger they took advantage of the stage that is in kids section..I can't tell you how many "performances" my kids put on through the years. They also enjoyed many Kids story time and crafts every Saturday  for the first 5 years of there life.  On a recent trip while checking out we had a great experience with Bob the cashier. After giving Bob my phone number...no he wasn't asking me on a date but was just looking up my membership number( I love that you don't have to carry one of those annoying discount cards),he asked if we had heard of the new children's program ...Which I had not and then took the time to sign my kids up. He also noticed that I had no email listed on my club membership so he added that too. Bob also began to suggest a great business program that was free that I could apply for as well. In my opinion Bobs demeanor was one of an owner's.He took pride in his place of business and his clients. I am saddened by the closing of Borders because I  think books and reading are one of the greatest form of entertainment and education on the planet .What I consistently receive when I am at one of the many Barnes and Noble locations has been a pleasant user experience. For me Barnes and Noble isn't just a book store its a family tradition.
4	I love Barnes & Noble. Ever since Borders has closed, I feel almost like I need to keep supporting this place. If only to have some B&M bookstores left in the world. This location is always great. The people who work there are awesome, friendly and even some are funny. I have never not been able to find a book. The Starbucks in there is always great as well. I might just live here if they'd let me. If you get a Member Card, you can get like 40% off Hardcover Bestsellers, 10% off other books, Discounts on the Nook readers, and (I believe) 10% off Starbucks purchases. It's $25 for the year. I thought it was worth it. It'll pay for itself in a short while, if you buy a good amount of books. In short, 9 times out of 10 I can find the book cheaper and have it delivered in a day from Amazon, but the personal experiences and great service are enough to justify the few bucks of a premium you'd spend here.
5	Amazing bookstore! Friendly, Wide, Light-well. There is also Starbucks.
5	The staff here is super friendly! Plus, it has free wi-fi. How much better does it get?
3	Clean, open, brightly lit, with many places to sit and preview a purchase. I was unable to find what I was looking for, but the option of ordering it for pick up or delivery is convenient. The low rating comes from the service staff that was generally displeased with helping people. I stood at the center counter and searched for my books on their Nook before a woman approached me. I had interrupted her from putting away returned items, then someone called and asked about putting a magazine on hold. B&N does not offer this service, but the associates exasperated tone and quick to hang up attitude put me off. When she transferred the call to someone else, she huffed before asking if I wanted to order my books. I decided to just walk away and do it myself later. She was probably having a frustrating day, so I hope it gets better as the day progress. It was only 11am after all...
1	This is the worst B&N I have ever been to. The staff was horrible. They were rude and very unhelpful. When I went to pay for my books the old lady behind the register through down what she was doing and rolled her eyes and continued to be nasty. Also, Shaun (customer "service" attendant) had no clue what he was talking about and was completely worthless at helping me with the simple question I had.I always love going to a B&N and have never had a poor experience, so I was astonished with how terrible this service was at this store. For now on I will have to go to the location on Maryland if I want to shop at B&N and that is really out of my way.
4	Decent place to read some books. This place is good because it has a lot of tables where you can sit and read and drink coffee, so on and so forth. Lots of new books and it's very clean. It's hard to review these type of places since they are basically the same.
5	I love Barnes and Noble. Love them. Love this location. Love love love.
3	Not my favorite Barnes & Noble. This one has a nice selection of DVD's and CD's, a big toy area, a big Starbucks area.. But not much room for the actual books, which is where the problem lies. I never find anything here. I've been several times and always leave empty handed. The scifi, manga, and general comic section are itsy bitsy, and have no selection. Since I'm nerd, this just does NOT work for me. However, the store is clean, the employees friendly, and if I were looking for CD's, DVD's, or toys, I'd definitely be back, so I can't really bear to give it 2 stars..
4	Why can I say? I walked in and was asked if I needed help no multiple occasions. When the employees act like they care and want to help, it sure makes for a pleasurable experience!
1	After a couple hours of browsing and a coffee, a visit to the restroom was necessary.I've been to cleaner restrooms at truck stops!  This place was disgusting!  Not sure what the management thinks about a cleaning schedule, but it clearly wasn't a priority.
5	Barnes & Noble really never goes wrong. Books are easy to find. A family friendly kids section and helpful staff. There is also a FREE kids club membership that both my boys are registered. .... And there is alwayyyssss a Starbucks to help with my Caffeine fix. I am a B&N Lifer.
4	The Starbucks at this B&N is my favorite to do homework at. There are 3 Starbucks closer to my apt. but they are usually super crowded and so loud that it's impossible to concentrate. This one is always very mellow and is usually not too crowded. My coffee always tastes delicious and the staff is pretty friendly. My only complaint is that they only have 4 power outlets so every once in a while they get full but most of the time it's not an issue and also they don't have the scanner to pay with my Starbucks rewards. Definitely a fan :)
4	"Bitter Chuckle"I come here once in a while. Not too often, though. I look at the books, peruse the mags and stare at people in the self-help section.Sometimes I get java from the Starbucks and sit, curious if its bitterness is any match for my own.On occasion I buy some books, not because I'm rich or stupid but, rather, I'm old-fashioned and impatient. I don't like reading from computer screens and I don't always want to wait for Amazon. It's comforting to hold a book in my hands; it FEELS RIGHT to turn its pages. The sound and aroma of paper new or old brings back memories of college libraries and all-nighters in dorm rooms. Cheap apartments near railroad tracks and grandpa's sunlit porch on Long Island. Go ahead and laugh but I'm sentimental like that, child. The silliest of things trigger happy memories of old.Besides, I grow less and less fond of computers and the internet as the years wear on, their constant change and posted nonsense now more a pain than a pleasure. I'll take a tome on my lap or a newspaper on a table any day of the week.Last time I was here I picked up a copy of "Catch-22", "American Pastoral" and "The Spy Who Came In From The Cold." A flash of old guilt I'd thought long dead and buried bade me to pick up the Heller book. I had been assigned to read it in high school but never had. The Roth novel was recommended by a friend. And as for the Le Carre? Well, let's just say I miss Cold War histrionics written by old spies. *chuckle*Anyway, I've rambled enough with this review. You know what bookstores are like. You know what they sell. Come here for the 'feeling' and not the price. Who knows, my little sickly one, you might even find something in the self-help aisle that will cure what ails ya. I know I did.
3	What? What? Wait don't tell me... No, not the show...the store! I have no idea what happened to it! It used to be such a great store! Good books, great magazines...I mean, this is what I use to go there for, and it's all gone...Yes, there's a Starbucks, it's a clean and good organized store...but where are all the good books, where are my favorite magazines?!?  No Interview, no V magazine...No me going back either...Thank God for kindle and Internet!
4	A dying breed, unfortunately. You wonder how long before B&N is gone. Hopefully not for a while. Nothing like the smell of bound paper and coffee. It's comforting. Enjoy it while you can, tons of books, magazines, music and the experience of actually holding a book, physically flip through its pages, rather than electronically. Can't beat it
4	I have always liked Barnes & Noble Booksellers because it is consistent. They always have helpful staff and new products. I love stopping in here, grabbing a Starbucks drink, and poking around for hours.
4	Basically I love book, and reading! Shocker!I came to this Barnes and Noble specifically looking for a nook HD Plus tablet case. Upon entering you see the different types of tablets they have and just around them you'll find a case with covers for both the HD and the HD Plus. I was looking for cute one but also one that had a stand on it so that way my son could watch videos online or read books. The cases that were here for all marked up 34.95 or 39.95, and I was a little apprehensive because of the price but I asked one of the workers, who was readily available, if she would be able to assist me finding other cases. She informed me that the cases were on sale for $25. It would have been nice to see the sign by the cases, alas there was none.It took me about an hour to pick out the perfect case but I finally did, I ended up getting a nook brand case where you can use it to actually watch the movies and what not. What I liked about Barnes and Noble is that it has a children's play area and book area where your children can explore and not be in the way of adults. They also have a large Starbucks as well as  some products to demo out. The employees are very nice and knowledgeable and definitely will help you with whatever you need.I will def come back!
4	This location is always busy, well I guess since we only have, I think 2 locations in Vegas. Love sitting by their patio.
5	Ahhh, the bookstore. Where I came from, NE Ohio, there were plenty of them and I patronized them often, coming home with a bag of magazines and a book or two. I was sad when I came to Vegas and had a hard time finding a bookstore. Eventually, I fell out of the habit of browsing bookshelves, poring through magazines, and chilling in the seating area. I had fun visiting this Barnes and Noble. I think bookstores are going the way of the dinosaur- at least it feels that way - so even though this is a big-box cookie-cutter chain, it's better than no bookstore. It's large and clean, nicely organized, and I'd probably enjoy working there.  My friend and I bought a couple of magazines and hit the in-store Starbucks, where we drank overpriced iced tea and chatted. I felt at home again.  Maybe I'll start hanging out here before it disappears.
5	I live 25 min away and have my own office bedroom... I still drive here because it's relaxing and gets me focused on work. There's plenty of tables all around with an outlet always nearby.  I like the Starbucks inside because unlike most that generally have a lot of traffic coming in and out, here the majority of people come to study, work and of course also enjoy the coffee!  Also this is one of the last bookstores in Vegas so I definitely love to support!
3	Love the store but the employees are morons.  I called the store to see if they had a movie in stock.  I had checked on line and verified it was but wanted to call to make sure and have it held.  The girl on the phone said they did not have it.  We then went to another B&N who did not have it but they instantly asked if we wanted them to check other stores.  She checked and the store we called did have it.  She called and verified.  The girl on the line said "HAHA that is funny, someone just called and asked for that same movie and I said we didn't have it."  It wasn't funny to us because we drove out of our way just to find out the store by our house had it.  Before we left we went to Starbucks in the B&N that had ONE employee working.  The wait was ridiculous and they were losing patrons because of it.  Oh well, another classic Las Vegas example of poor customer service.....except the girl who asked if we wanted her to check the other stores.
4	I like to read real books and physically turn the pages.  Reading an e-reader just doesn't feel right.  Anyhow, B&N has a great selection.  If you want to read in the store and have a cup of coffee, you can do that too.  A little music store to boot.  The employees that I came in contact with were kind and helpful.
1	If youre cnsidering ordering online to pick up a book...save yourself time and gas by ordering with AMAZON.COM! Im Really disappointed. I ordered a book online and then drove 20 minutes ( the closest store) to be told not only was my order not ready, the book wasn't even in stock.  No offer of a discount or anything to make up for the issue. Again, I'm ordering my book off Amazon, they never disappoint and have excellent customer service, unlike  barnes and noble.
4	I have fond memories of B&M - it's where I spent many hours during my high school years attempting to find girls with ZERO success.  I enjoy reading garbage magazines, sippen on coffee, and people watching.  I avoid B&M on sats but I've been coming here weekdays about an hour and a half before close and always am able to get a free table by the cafe. They have a large selection of everything to read and there's always interesting people watching. On my last visit I saw a lonely talkative man ask the cashier at the cafe for a side of whip cream and then continue to talk her ears off while you can tell she was trying to finish her side work so she could get out.  Then there's the creepy old guy making conversation with two middle school/high school girls with small talk - Damm I'm starting to get old if I can't even tell their age.I'm cheap and don't like to buy magazines or books so B&M provides an outlet for me and for that they deserve 4 stars.
3	I still like books.  I look at a computer all day every day so just walking around and looking at books and exploring new topics is a treat.  I worry the whole bookstore experience will go away because it's relaxing and interesting but for now, it seems to be intact!
4	I finally signed up for the member card it does cost $25 and is only worth getting if you come here often. The employees are helpful and as of now have not come across anyone who isn't friendly.
4	Quiet, relaxing, peaceful; everything I need at a bookstore.
2	Located in Summerlin but for some reason sporting a pair of security officers at the door during both of my visits it seems somewhat strange to me that this book store needs much 'protection' given the upper-middle class clientele, but what is even more perplexing to me is how this place stays in business considering their across-the-board high prices and substantial overcrowding of the floor space.  Generally trending $2-$6 higher than Amazon even before taking tax into account and seemingly happy to hire clerks that value neither their own knowledge of the store layout nor the customer's time the only positive I can say for B&N is that it is within walking distance of my house and when I need something 'now' I don't need to wait for shipping.
5	I love coming here. The atmosphere is nice and relaxing. I like to read books not the e readers. My kids love the children's section. Every time we visit they get the itch to read and I love seeing that effect. I think seeing an assortment of books makes them see all there choices and it makes it fun for them. Their shelves are always well stocked and have plenty of employees if you need something. This location works perfectly for me.
3	It's no Borders, and the service varies from meh to mean, with an occasional friendly person. They keep it clean, but I have witnessed several scuffles between employees and customers, even management and customers, which could have been settled with simple communication skills but were allowed to get out of hand instead. The coffee is good, good variety of pastries. Book selection is ok.Magazine selection is strong in every area except gardening. :/ It beats not having a bookstore at all, I guess. Maybe corporate could send in someone to train them, and it would be a solid 4-5.
3	Had a problem with Barnes and Nobel but the manager was very nice in helping to resolve the issue as best she could
3	Barnes and noble used to be better than any Target or Walmart when I was younger. It was amazing because I loved reading. However, I've always thought the books were expensive and they still are. I know it's hard to compete with Walmart and Amazon where the books are a lot cheaper but selling at publishers price is a turn off for the Asian in me. I did come because I've gotten a couple of gift cards for this place. I know that it's expensive but I end up getting one or two books with a $25 gift card. Overall it's awesome to study but buying is another story.
