3	Even though this Dollar Tree has a sticky quality to it, it still fills the void of the necessary dollar store near SouthPark. As always, every item is $1. And likely made in China.  The pros: It's a big ole store with just about everything - cleaning supplies, toiletries, cheap eats, party decor, kitchen goods, toys, school supplies. You can find some brand name goods if you look close enough...I spied some Banana Boat sunscreen that's at least $5 in a regular pharmacy. Plus, the staff is really, really nice. The lady who rang me up should be nominated as one of the cheeriest and friendly cashiers I've run into a while.The cons: Generally, you get what you pay for. But y'all should know that anyway. And, as mentioned, this store location is most certainly not the cleanest...I almost wanted to take a wet wipe and clean out the shopping basket before I put my goods in there. You'll want a bit of hand sanitizer afterwards. Just get some...it's a $1. Overall, I know I'll be back for table cloths, shower cleaner or whatever else I come to need...it's all $1.
4	Some great service in here on my visit. Like the fact that at a dollar store everything is a dollar unlike most dollar stores. Well lit store everything was easy to find and shelves were in order so I will visit again.
5	I walked into this store today on a mission. I needed to spend upwards of $600 on toys for an Operation Christmas Child show box packing party. Needless to say, my new friends at Dollar Tree were up for the challenge. Since I was asking for such large quantities, the store manager was the best bet. He took me into the storage space, outfitted me with quite a few boxes, and explained that he has been managing the store for 3 weeks now. Having read other yelp reviews, I noticed the store looked fantastic (much cleaner and better stocked than I expected). He has obviously been working hard to get the place in shape. All the employees were friendly and helpful, and the manager really went out of his way to make my experience a positive one. When I finished choosing my 600 items, I had filled 2 regular carts and a giant stocking cart piled high with cardboard boxes. The manager scanned my purchases and helped me pack everything into the back of my car. I couldn't have asked for better service. If you're in the neighborhood and need a couple of items, stop into this Dollar Tree. They are doing a stellar job and have a plentiful selection of toys (I'm quite familiar with that area now!!).
4	Had everything I wanted, but the service is described as SLOW! 4 employees standing around and only one cash register was open! I can only imagine the quality of service during the holiday season!
