3	Good Food advertises itself as selling 'health food' and so I was expecting mountains of fruit and vegetables, the highest quality meat and fish and the usual fish oil and vitamin supplements.  However, this isn't really a green grocer's as much as it is a medicinal or remedial sort of place.  In other words, if you did all your shopping from Good Food I doubt you would be very healthy.  It's mostly, if not all, bottles and jars with the finest Venezualan beeswax for mending your dodge kneecap.  Very little of it is actual 'real' food and most of it is scientifically formulated and targetted at treating specific ailments.They also sell high quality protein powders for those wanting to add a bit of muscle to their physique, yet their prices seemed extortionate when compared with the deals you can get for these online.  Good Food has a fairly misleading title, but if you have a specific ailment they might just have the cure you're looking for.
3	Good Food is a health food shop in the middle of Morningside. As has been previously suggested, if you tried to eat out of Good Food for a week you would probably die of malnutrition. This isn't a healthy local grocers and its not even an independent Holland and Barrett's (though it's closer to the latter). Instead it focuses on vitamins, remedies, food supplements, shake powder etc.I can imagine this shops gets a lot of customers given its location. Its targeted audience is a typically wealthier health-concious middle class who can afford the slightly expensive "health foods" to supplement their diet. That and students. I, as bad as it may be, probably fall into the studenty version of those type of people and although I cannot afford to shop here regularly, I sort of wish I could. So although the shop can be a little misleading, if its the sort of thing you're interested in, you may well find yourself happy you came in, and keep coming back.
5	I was really apprehensive about going into Good Food. It's a 'health food' store, and I hate 'health food'. Fat means flavour and all that. How wrong I was.It's a tiny little room, with a counter running to one side and shelves down the other. I've never seen so many types of honey in my life. They're well aware this - there's a sign next to it telling you to ask for help about honey, which amused me a little bit. They also sell dried pulses, tinned pulses, oats, flour (gluten free), loads of different teas and some really nice drinks. In fact, I was so charmed with the place I ended up leaving with a box of Jasmine tea (oooh errr). The lady who runs Good Food is extremely pleasant and helpful.  It's a great little shop. Not sure why they sell moisturiser though, but I'm willing to overlook.
5	Good Food has recently had a makeover and, while I enjoyed its previous incarnation, it's looking really great now.  The new style is much more accessible and the girl who runs it is super easy going and clearly wants to cater to her customers.It's a natural health food store with supplements, oils, fruits, grains, cleaning and beauty products, kind of the works in terms of body/skin/animal/environmentally friendly stuff.  I stopped in recently looking for caster oil in my attempt to de-chemical and totally hippify my skin care regime.  She didn't have it but said that I was the third person to ask so she would definitely get it in.  She is open until 530 most (all?) nights, but also said that if a customer calls to say they're running late, she is usually happy to stick around for them.It's little things like this that will help to build up a loyal customer base which is exactly what this kind of health/specialty store needs.
