4	I like that this little store has a variety of clothes that you probably wouldn't find elsewhere in Pittsburgh.  These clothes are not at all for those of who work jobs requiring business casual or business attire to work.  This is definitely clothes for the weekend, relaxing, or the evening.  Most of the clothes come in small or medium (the large is either not ordered or already bought up, can't be sure of that).  Prices are moderate, approximately $50-60 per shirt.  They have cute jewelry too and some other accessories and shoes.  Don't be fooled by the store looking closed - I almost left because it looked closed - the lights are just dim inside.
5	Jupe is so my favorite! They buy a lot of clothing from emerging designers, so you get totally fashion forward duds for reasonable prices. Nearly all of their clothing is under $150, and the vast majority is under $100. Most tops are closer to $50. I got the coooolest purple, silver and gold T-Shirt dress from them for $60.The best part? They have amazing sales! And they have such a wide variety of styles for such a small store. It's all high fashion, some of it more wearable, some of it less. But you can totally work the items into your existing wardrobe. And the ladies who run the place are great! It's totally worth checking out to see if Jupe vibes with your fashion sense. If it does, you'll be in heaven!
4	I went to Jupe to get a gift for my girlfriend.  The store is small but has a ton of different styles of clothing and the staff was more than willing to help me out.  In the end she loved her gift - making it a successful trip.
4	This boutique has really cute, reasonably priced clothing and jewelry. The store is small but there were many really great options. I bought a couple of items on sale (for amazing prices) on my first trip and get complimented every time I wear them. The staff were nice and friendly.
5	I love everything about Jupe.  Finally, an un-pretentious, reasonably priced boutique (meaning- the average Pittsburgh lady who could give two shits less about couture could shop here, find something she likes without feeling intimidated, and buy it without super-splurging).The ladies who run this shop have good taste!  support local business and fashion and give Jupe a try- you're bound to find something awesome.
5	let me start off by informing you that i am Obsessed with jupe!!!! Obsessed!!! I love little boutiques. Theres something amazing about buying clothing that isn't mass produced. But let it be known that Jupe isnt your ordinary little boutique. I now live in Denver and i still haven't found a substitute.... Lets start with the clothes. They carry brands like Tulle, Aryn K, BB dakota, Ark & co and Mellie Bianco bags. The prices are really really reasonable ($20-100).... and they carry most sizes (it really annoys me when stores don't stock up on most sizes). Their sales rack is also pretty great.. I have to confess most of the items i have gotten from Jupe are from the sale rack. They have 2 dressing rooms and the store is spacey and cute. Their jewelry selection is gorgeous. Even my clueless bf has been able to pick out some earrings for me+ his sisters  from there that i actually loved. You should def sign up for their email updates because they send you coupons regularly...(think upto 30% off)  and now they have an online store so YAY for everyone who doesnt live in Pittsburgh. I have to mention that the girls working there as well as the owner are AMAZING. really friendly and helpful but they dont hover.I always leave with something...maybe thats because i have a shopping problem but really its mostly because this is a fabulous store.
5	No lie, I'm pretty sure I tried on the whole store today!  I am so sorry sales chick who had to put back my 20 rejected outfits.  But out of those 20 prospects came at least one shinning star!  A cute lace sheer tunic which I will befriend all summer long! Thank gawd for my Groupon to this place.  I had been putting off going here because I knew I'd have to cough up the mola!  Sadly, I'm not going to be digging out of a discount bin to find $4.99 deals.  the most important thing to remember is I'm going to find some really fantastic and unique clothing choices at this boutique.  I'm really in love with some of the brands they carry like BB Dakota, Jack and Necessary Objects.  I know these articles of clothing won't be falling apart after one wash cycle like perhaps Forever may (I can't hate too much, I still shop there!). Once I got started, I was on a role!  I had my lovely little lace number and I was ready to check out and then I just HAD to lookover at the accessories.  This has been a great danger to me as of late because I've been known to drop obscene amounts of time and money obsessing over the dangly black earrings or the gold hoop earrings.  So....I just end up buying them ALL! I love bang for your buck, so it was nice to see the sale selections had some really fabu deals!  I just wish the sales girl was a little more peppy. She was nice, don't get me wrong, but when I asked her opinion on some earrings, she just shrugged her shoulders and said, I don't know. You're a SALESperson, work it! I was happy to hear they get new merch in every day, so start getting peppy sales girls, because you'll be seeing me....A LOT!
4	Impressed - Jupe lives up to the hype! Came here with a Groupon and was able to snag an adorable top for half the price. I love boutiques, but it's rare to find ones that carry racks of items that are worthy of purchase. Well, Jupe is one of those rarities. Definitely check this place out, it won't disappoint.
5	Being slightly more Christina Hendricks than January Jones, I have a hard time at indie boutiques, which seem to cater to the 5'2 size 0 crowd.  Add a 34 inch inseam to an hourglass figure and you have got one of the hardest to fit girls around.  The salesdiva at Jupe (also a buyer) helped me find several pieces that looked wonderfully flattering.  They were pieces that I would not have chosen just looking at them on the hanger,  but they turned out to be fabulous (absolutely fabulous, even).  I love sales goddesses who know their stuff!The prices are reasonable for any store, much less a boutique. the best part is that you will end up with pieces that fit beautifully and don't look like everyone else's chain store clothes.
4	Was excited to find this boutique, while killing some time.  The style of everything that the store carries is right up my alley.  Lots of simple but stylish dresses and plenty of jewlery to browse.  It's not a huge store, but the space is laid out well and there's more than enough inventory to look through.I'm definitely more of a boutique vs department store shopper, so I'm definitely going to be stopping by again!
1	I came here to read and see if anyone else had a bad experience in this cute boutique, and no one else has, so I'm going to jump out on a limb here.  I've walked by this shop so many times, and always wanted to go in, so I finally did one day, and guess what?  Underwhelmed.  Not by the great fashion buys, but by the shop owner or maybe it was an employee, whomever it was, they left a very bad impression on me.  Maybe they dont want black women in their shop, or maybe I was starring in Pretty Woman 3.I was treated as rudely (or indifferent) as Julia Robert's was in the first Pretty Woman.  And that's not to say that I came in dressed up as a hooker (and who cares if I was dressed as a hooker, hookers have money and are customers right?  no need for moralism when buying clothes).  Anyhooter, I prefer to shop at the little boutique down the street now, Figleaf, and not give into the temptation of the cute clothes in Jupe's window.
