4	Until this I hadn't been impressed by much of anything at Bally's. Since I was there for work, it was hard to break away for a decent meal. As the week came to a close some of us wanted a delicious, easy to get to meal, and Al Dente delivered. The restaurant was pretty empty for a Friday which had me worried, but the kitchen was on full steam.I had a wonderfully flavored veggie and cheese tortellini in a soft creamy tomato sauce. At one point my friend asked if it would be wrong to lick the plate to get all the sauce from her salmon dish. She didn't go there but we all understood the dilemma! Our server was attentive and funny, and the meal was one of the best I had the entire week.
4	Al Dente accomodated our group of 12 people, the food was great (I had the meat lasagna) and the garlic bread was awesome. Everyone agreed the garlic bread was the best they had ever had! Also the waiting staff uses those little metal crumb catchers when scraping the table cloth right in front of you, I thought that was cool...I would totally go eat here again when at Ballys!
5	I'm not much of an Italian cuisine diner, unless it's my brother's in-law's family's cooking.  Their food is to die for.  So, i always compared Italian food to theirs.  Al Dente can cook up a great meal - from the appetizer to the main courses.  Wine selection is also good as they don't just have the expensive wine.  I like the fact that it was a very romantic and high star restaurant but yet inexpensive.  I was very impressed at how patient they were with us since it took us a while to order.  I was with one other person and it was a good dating experience.I chose a Raviolli dish and my date chose the spaghetti.  He always likes to compare spaghetti's and said that it was pretty good.  We also ordered this raw meat and I was a little apprehensive about eating it, but the appetizer was prepared very tastefully.  It was enjoyable.  I know I'd want to go back.
4	Al Dente was a bit inconsistent.  My whole evening I was tottering between rating it a 3 and a 4.  The service was attentive and yummy appetizers (order the mushroom) arrived promptly = 4.  Entrees take FOREVER and server's jokes are no longer funny = 3.  Generous portion of creamy pasta = 3.5.  Server forgets 1 order of dessert = 2.  When dessert arrives, it is heavenly (chocolate cake) = 4.  Prices are very reasonable for Vegas (~$12/13 for pastas) = 4.5.So there you have it.  Wait, I really didn't like the dim lighting; maybe I should take off for that.  Oh what the heck, I felt classy and didn't have to pay up the nose for it.  I'll take that.
3	Its pretty cheap italian food. $20 bucks for a 3 course meal which is good.  quality..not so much.  There was a romaine heart in my cesar salad which is a no-no...also, got more of the inner, light green part of the romaine.  the cesar dressing was a bit overpowering.  The lasagne was average..nothing outstanding at all.  HOWEVER, the service was very good.  Waiter was funny and the staff was all friendly and accomodating.
2	The service was very slow, but friendly.  The decor was outdated.  They were running a prix fixe menu: One appetizer, one entree, on desert for $20.  We didn't like the options on the prix fixe so we went for the regular menu.Let me start by saying the bread bowl was the best part of the meal.  Hot, fresh parmesan rolls, crispy parmesan cracker and a nice crusty bread.  The fried calamari was attractively presented and the sauce it was served with (on the side) was tasty.  However, it was a bit greasy, chewier than it should have been, and the tentacle sections were just fried blobs.  My wife had the shrimp scampi on pasta and I had the Rigatoni Alfredo with grilled chicken.  The size of both entree were "Vegas Sized".  Ridiculously Ginormous.  The shrimp was very large; probably the extra-large or jumbo size.  My wife said they were a bit over-cooked, but not badly over-cooked.  Her main problem was that there was so much lemon in the sauce that it overpowered everything else.  My rigatoni was well cooked, but the sauce had a taste of flour.  The "grilled chicken" was a joke; it was about 2 - 3 oz, and didn't taste grilled.  When you give someone a vat of pasta with a couple of strips of chicken buried in it it looks sad.  One of us had one glass of wine, one of us had iced tea.  Total bill $100.
2	Decided to go here because the line for the Buffet at the Bellagio was super long. The prices are ok but the food was just meh. The portions of the pasta were decent. But over all i've been to better
3	Wandering around Paris aimlessly might sound hopelessly romantic.  Unless you are in Vegas and are so hungry you want to stab someone in the eye.  Of course all the buffets and restaurants have lines longer than Fry's on black Friday morning.  I was furious.  For food.  We kept walking farther and farther until we reached Bally's.  Finally, we reached a dark hidden restaurant corner.  Steakhouse or pasta.  Steakhouse or pasta?  They both looked rather packed so we just took a shot in the dark.  Pasta - it looked classy and it was mostly full of crusty old people who looked like money bags and hair pieces.  The best part is that they were offering a prefix for $25.  A bunch of food (and a glass of wine) and we don't have to pay $15 just for a measly sammich like the rest of the Strip?We were quickly seated and our waiter was pretty funny but also gangsterish.  I didn't know if I shouldn't laugh at his jokes or if I'd get stabbed if I didn't. Anyway,  I went with the starter of salad and opted for the angel hair pasta with white wine.  The other half went with the soup and the meat sauce rigatoni with red wine.  Both were good but didn't make a lasting impression.  Then a bowl of bread came out - this was definitely the hit of the night.  The whole large ensemble of cheesy rolls, crisp flatbread, and french bread were demolished.  Next, the starters came.  The salad was lightly tossed in vinagrette and the soup was tomatoey and quite finely pureed.  The pasta was definitely not 'al dente' but a little on the too soft side.  The angel hair marinara was pretty potent so if you have acid reflux problems, you'll want to steer clear.  The rigatoni was good but I felt like I've had better meat sauce pasta at home.  The dessert was better looking than it tasted and they ran out of the tiramisu which made me quite sad.  All in all, the ambiance made up for where the food was lacking and so did the service.  The food wasn't disgusting and if you're hungry, you'll definitely leave happy and full.
1	If I could give them a zero I would. This was the worst restaurant on the Vegas Strip. I live in Vegas so I've had time to browse and make a lap b4 committing to a location. This was the worst of the worst. Olive garden gets 10 stars compared to this place. (& they are the mcdonald's of italian food) Anyway... we ordered the pre-fixe menu. Dear lord. where do i start? The salad was blah, but was still the highlight of the meal. sad. I played ti safe or so I thought, and ordered the chicken fetticine. BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD decision.  Let's just say I was sick for the rest of the night. and it wasnt from alcohol. They served FRIED chicken on top of the fetticine. Who the flip serves fried freakin chkn on pasta?? disgusting. it was burnt at that. crispy burnt chkn in a bowl of soupy fett. pasta. O i get sick just thinking of it again. Luckily I told the waiter before I left, nothing could save this meal. not event he kind beverage girl or the tentative waiter. The dessert was just as gross, which who could eat after that main course. I went strait to the hotel where things got ugly. I spit into a napkin the whole way walking from the paris hotel to where we parked at the Hooters hotel by the MGM. WE should have just eaten @ Dan Marino's, which oddly enough I do recommend.
3	I was pleasantly surprised by this place.  It was getting sort of late for dinner and we were looking for a place close by and since we were already at Ballys, we decided to give this place a shot.I had read a few bad reviews for it on Yelp, but decided to try it anyway.It turned out to be pretty good.  It is not the greatest food ever, but it was good enough.  I tried the 3 course meal for $19.99.Started with a Minestrone soup.  It was more like a navy bean soup, but it was very good.Second course was lasagna.  Not the best I've had, but far from the worst.  I enjoyed it and the portion was enough to get full and just enough to keep from getting stuffed.Third course was the Tiramisu.  Warning!!!: As others have mentioned, it is not your typical Tiramisu.  It is served in a cup and it is like a mousse.  It was pretty good.  I didn't care for it too much.  Waiter didn't even give us the option for gelatto, just brought the Tiramisu.Overall, the service was very good also.  The hostess was very nice and seated us right away.  Our drink orders were taken immediately and water was brought to us without asking.  Meal came out hot, in a timely manner. Dark atmosphere, but very fitting.The price was just right.I'll go back whenever I need a quick, cheap Italian fix.
3	Oh my, this place is very close to being a 2 star, but their service is their saving grace.  We came in around 8pm and the restaurant is pretty empty, which is never a good sign but we decided to brave it anyway.  The first thing we saw is the $19.99 three course dinner in front of its door, which sound like a great bargain. We had a big party going (9 people) and after having a sub-par lunch at Wynn earlier, I walked in with no expectation. Since I ate a 1/2 pound burger for lunch and that burger was still digesting in my stomach, me and my fiancee decided to pass the $19.99 dinner and opt for just two appetizer/soup. Here is a summary of our dining experience:Decor: 3 Pretty "Olive-Garden"-ish decor, nothing special here.Service: 5, a guy from our group snuck a bottle of orange rum into the restaurant and helped himself and the birthday boy in our group using the wine glass.  The waiter was pretty cool and did not apply the corkage fee. We gave extra tip just for that. :)Food: 2, the $7 calamari that we ordered was really not that fresh and oonly come with six pieces. $8 jumo prawn is a decent size but only has three per order and was an over-kill with cheese. Our group on average thought the $19.99 three course menu were ok with average entree and nasty dessert (especially tiramisu, DO NOT GET!). With zero-expectation and a cool waiter, our experience that night turned out OK, but I would not come back for purely for the food. On the bright side, you never really need to wait for the table for your average tasting food. :)
