3	The pizza here is good, but not great.  There are some things that work in the place's favor though: they deliver, they offer slices all day, they serve fresh food, and they offer wheat dough.  Considering they serve wheat dough pizza, which i absolutely love, I wish this place had better pizza.  I don't care for their pizza sauce, I think it might be really heavy on the oregano.
2	As the story goes, in 1999 (or thereabouts), three guys from New York wanted a slice of pizza and couldn't find one.  So they stopped at an old gas station on Central Avenue in the Plaza Midwood area and created a "hand crafted" slice, with real mozzarella, rich tomato sauce and fresh ingredients.Some seven years later, they have opened five other locations, including this spot on South Boulevard, and are still selling pizza by the slice (you can get whole pies, but the pizza "buy" the slice is a major draw).  Sure, you can find a slice of pepperoni, but let's face it - why would you bother?  You can get pepperoni anywhere.If you're at Fuel Pizza, get something different, such as the Fuel Extreme (basically a meat lover's dream) or the Barbecue Chicken pizza. Both are good and have the aforementioned fresh ingredients - but I would probably argue that they are representative of New York style pizza.  That's not to say that it's bad pizza.  It's quite decent.  but there is better pizza to be had in the city, and there is even better New York style to be found if you look for it.
1	I moved into the  Factory South Lofts about four years ago. I was all excited about Fuel pizza being only a couple blocks away. Well, the food is gross and the service is right on par with the food. I'm pretty sure this is the only 1-star review I've given in Charlotte. So, don't think I'm some review snob :]
3	Went to Fuel to grab lunch.I had two slices of The Extreme Fuel Pizza which is pepperoni,Italian sausage,meatballs,ham and ground beef for the uninitiated as well as the Garlic Knots.There have been several restaurants in this particular spot over the years but I believe this one is gonna stick around on a while.The pizza was great and the service even better.Call and order ahead if you can because this place gets crowded really fast.This is a definite step up from your local corporate pizza fare.Enjoy.
3	Of all the Fuel locations in town, this is my favorite. If you're really hankering for fuel, come to this one--less crowded at busy times, as far as I can tell. I actually really like the pizza here, though it's nothing special or particularly innovative/interesting. It's just standard fare, but with pizza, that normally gets the job done, right? My favorite is the Buffalo Chicken--it's a slice with chicken, hot sauce, and some blue cheese. Really good if you're into that sort of thing, which of course I am. Definitely not for everyone though. The person I was with got some meat special, and it was good, too---pepperoni, hamburger meat, and some other stuff. They have beer by the bottle, which is cool, and all the sodas you'd ever want. They also have hot sauce to put on your slice as you like, which is awesome.
4	If you're looking for a quick bite, crave pizza, and don't want to wait 20 minutes for a whole pizza to cook, Fuel Pizza is a great "fast food" pizza place.  And despite being quick, it's way better than most pizzas I've tried.  Their slices are huge and the pricing is great.  I can get a slice of pizza, side salad (so I don't feel like a total pig), and drink for about $7.  If you're a meat lover, the Extreme Fuel Pizza is the best.  It's loaded with all kinds of meat.  You'll wonder where the dough is!  Don't get me wrong -- they have a variety of other food options, too, like pizzas for the whole family/group, chicken wings, bigger salads, calzones, etc., but I usually pick Fuel for lunch and get the pizza/salad combo.As a side note, I also enjoy the theming of Fuel Pizza, particularly this one on South Blvd.  For some odd reason, I love the thought of eating my pizza in a gas station themed place.
3	Out running errands on Saturday and decided to stop in for a slice.  Just shy of high noon and the pizza case display was already stocked full of single serve selections.  The typical fare of pizza, garlic and cinnamon knots, ready made salads etc.  The slices are nice and thin as they should be if they are going for NY style.  The down side is that reheating pizza always does it a disservice, but you have to know that going in for a slice.  However, being a crust lover, when I go to NY and get a good pie I can't wait for the crust and in this case it was over cooked and the crust was burnt.  I noticed that they have mulit-grain, gluten free and lactose free options. Cute concept with the theme and I might be back if I just want a slice but would probably defer to Brixx for better all around taste even though it is a different style of pizza.
5	Service Service Service from the first step in the door not a fancy place but pizza with a good taste and a good crust! Wings Had that crunchy skin YUMM . This place has a great team of folks that's what makes this place as good as it is. So its on a paper plate if you dine in... Do not judge a pizza by its plate!            They deliver they even have a take and bake ! They could be a common pizza joint but they are NOT! Do not take my word for it try it!!!!
4	I was honestly just shocked to find Gluten Free pizza`so close to home!  While I can't vouch for the reguar pizza, I would recommend the GF pizza without a doubt.  The only downside is that it takes a much longer time to prepare, but I don't think that's the fault of Fuel.  The people are always friendly and more than happy to keep us entertained while we wait for our pizza!
1	Living in central Charlotte a few years back my guy and I haunted Fuel on Central quite often. The pesto sauce was always perfection and they never skimped on the cheese. Never had a bad slice, never felt sick or off in the stomach afterwards.After moving back from Austin Texas and now on the west side we have chosen to get our pies from this location on South. In a word: Greasy. Hands down the greasiest pizza pie I have ever experienced and the service is mediocre at best.The past couple times we have gotten physically ill meaning I can now recite word for word what it says on the back of my shampoo bottle after spending so much time in the bathroom! I'm not sure if it's a matter of the people who prepare the food not properly washing their hands or what but come on. The last time we ate there and got sick was not the only time we ate there and got sick. Bottom line: It doesn't matter how tasty the food is going in and down if it makes you feel like something is gnawing at your insides afterwards. From now on if I want pizza I'll make the drive to the Central location. My insides rejoice in knowing this!
4	Definitely a fan... plus this is probably the most convenient Fuel Pizza location since it has a parking lot.  The last time I was here, it was kind of dead, but that's when the temp was like below 30 and everyone was probably smarter than I was running around in the cold.  Once you got into the place, it was nice and warm.  This location always has a cozy feel to it and the service is pretty good.Fuel decor always fascinates me as far as the old sign-age and gas theme.  I like variety in my pizzas and always try to get something new... they can easily custom make you a pizza or you can choose what's out in the glass case already which is a pretty good selection most of the time.
4	Pretty good slices with interesting topping combinations that really work.  I love the Italian Hoagie pizza and the Buffalo Chicken pizza. The wings are perfectly cooked and the Buffalo sauce is great.
4	Solid 3.5 !  I am a New Yorker so yes I am tough on pizza. Papa Johns and Dominoes just doesn't do it for me well really ever but especially not when I need my go-to rough night fixer. I can call in my order and about forty minutes later they come to my door (which is nice since I live in a complex) and deliver the pizza. Its usually hot and delicious but thickness and crispiness varies : (  . I like thin NY style pizza so this can sometimes be a let down. I wish I knew what to expect each time. The overall taste is the same and the sauce is great.A bit pricey with delivery but worth it !
3	Confession: Chicago pizza has ruined me a little bit. That aside, Fuel is a-ok in my book. It's fast, it's cheap, it fills the 'za void. But, for some reason I don't hit up this particular Fuel very often, and it's situated squarely in South End. Go figure. For a last night slice, easy delivery or a mammoth calzone - this Fuel is aces. Convenience is key, here. And while I have eaten inside the actual restaurant, it's not the best pizza joint I've ever hung out in. The staff is hit or miss...sometimes they are super friendly and quick, other times a bit lackadaisical. Be aware that on weekends this place can get pretty kid-packed, so if you're not a fan of stuffing your face with kiddos running around, choose pick up or delivery, son. I know I'll be back to snag a huge, cheesy calzone that will feed me for two days...especially because this Fuel is just a mile from my house. Score one for convenience!
4	I've always enjoyed this Fuel location---friendly employees, quick service, Motown playing in the background with people watching opportunities aplenty (not to much a cozy patio on the side facing East Blvd) Their buffalo chicken and bbq chicken pizza rocks. And they do something to their sausage that is just absolutely spectacular, thinly sliced and seasoned just enough to make my mouth happy. Each time I carry out, I always get pizza but I need to try their wings sometime because I see them coming out to other tables smelling zesty as hell and regret my decision of not ordering them. They offer a few coupons in the Citipass book--one for a BOGO slice and pie, get our Fuel on!
2	I have always been a fan if fuel pizza however, after stopping by over lunch today I was left very disappointed. I got a calzone with meatballs. Usually a fav of mine. When I got it, it was barely warm on the inside and the cheese was not even melty.
3	Don't fall for the $3 "Brad's Cupcakes"...they are dry and tasteless--almost as if they took a loaf of bread and put frosting on it.  The cinnamon knots are just as bad--but cheaper.  Pizza is good.  I've never had the calzone--but I've heard good things about it.  One other thing...this location is horrible to get out of.  Do yourself a favor and park away from the front door--if you do--you'll never be able to back out properly without ending in the street or being blocked by people pulling in.
3	What can I really say?  I'm a sucker for pizza...and as they say...pizza is like sex...no matter how bad it is...it's still pretty good.  Fuel isn't anything special in the way of pizza, but this location has been better than the others I've been to.  The pizza is reasonably priced and somehow tastes better at this location.  That's not including the fact that the sauce isn't all that to begin with.While I enjoy coming here with friends on occasion, I will mention the mishmash of bubbly service and tepid "whadya wants".  I'm not sure what the deal is with the inconsistent service, but I've never waited too long for my pizza, which is what really matters to me when I'm getting pie anyhow.I'm kind of a pizza guy...and not from Charlotte originally.  Fuel is a New York style pizza...but it's not "New York" pizza...if you catch my drift.If you're craving a slice of really good pizza...not your place.  If you're craving pizza and you love pizza like I do...you'll go anyhow...cuz it aint that bad.  Capiche?
3	So I held off posting a review on this place for fear of sounding like a sourpuss snob, and finally I had an experience that brought my experience up a star. Have they made improvements?? Will it sustain?? Hopefully.So normally I would say pizza at Fuel is flat, greasy, never hot enough for me (I think it should be hot enough to make the cheese stringy or burn the top of my mouth, not solid coagulated lukewarm cheese) and there was something missing. What was that something missing? Dunno, but perhaps in the sauce. So I just wanted a little more. i think the wings are decent and the Brad's cupcakes are small, moist and light but also missing a certain je ne sais quoi.  However the other night I stopped in and was the only person in the joint and he heated my Ultimate Mushroom pizza up to the right temperature it was poofier and the mushrooms were awesome! It wasn't greasy at all! I would give it 4.5 stars which brought up my former 2 star experiences. The interior is garage chic, and the service friendly so I will not complain if I have to go back.
4	Stopped in for a quick 2-slices of pizza - always ready and then they heat it up in their ovens.  This is a cool spot to fill up a belly that is full of beer.  It is kind of like NY style pizza and the sauce is really good.
2	Creative pizza options, but I found the service to be a bit on the slow side. I popped in for a take out. While I watched the kitchen from my table, I saw my slices come out of the oven and go into the box. Where they sat for a solid five minutes (I wanted to see how long it would take) before the right person noticed and brought them over to me.Hawaiian had a good portion of pineapple and ham. Veggie on whole wheat was loaded with peppers and mushrooms and more. They warmed up fine when I got them home. Very yummy.
4	The pizza is BOMB!!! i love it, the dough, the crust, the size, the distribution of topping all just perfect! I really have no complaints and have never had a bad experience. My go to pie is the Sun Dried Tomato and Pesto pizza. It is amaaaaazing and they do not at all skimp on toppings. There is so much pesto and tomato on it, you feel like you get what you paid for because this place isn't cheap. It is 100 percent worth every penny and I do not feel like I have been ripped off where as some other pizza places are very cheap with their topping/sauce. Love it, great jobs guys! Cheers!
2	Some of the absolute WORST SERVICE I have ever ever experienced in my life. Sure, the pizza's delicious and if you're in the mood for it, its the place to go, but you can literally wait an hour before your food arrives. This isn't fast food, if you ask me.
4	Went here for lunch today and I had a great experience; no complaints.When we walked in, we were greeted by a friendly gentleman who quickly took our order - one pepperoni slice, one pepperoni/pineapple slice, with three garlic knots.  Our food was thrown into one of their monster ovens while we waited patiently at a table of our choice.  Our food was brought to us piping hot in about 3-4min.  The pizza was awesome.  The crust was solid, but not in an intrusive way.  Plenty of sauce was evening distributed across each of our slices, and there was a plethora of toppings on each slice as well.-I like that they have plenty of condiments, pepper, napkins, ketchup, etc at each table without even having to ask.-I like that you help yourself to drinks via a Pepsi soda station to the right as you walk in.  So its as much of whatever you want drink-wise.-They DELIVER!  I feel like this may be a known but forgotten fact amongst many Charlotteans.  Its great pizza and I can't wait until I go BACK!
4	I know Fuel is predominately a pizza joint, but as much as I love their pizza, the one thing they do best is buffalo chicken wings. There are a few staples that one needs in life and for me a need for crispy, hot buffalo wings, drenched in cool ranch dressing, is a craving that hits me often. I will search high and low to find the perfect wings and thankfully, they can be delivered to my doorstep by Fuel (no matter what time it is). Their wings have the best balance of spicy sauce to crispy skin. They offer a variety of sauces, but my favorite is the classic hot. Some people may complain that it is too spicy for their taste, but I think it packs just enough heat to break a sweat, but not too much to leave me hurting. I love to order my wings extra crispy, because there is nothing better then the crunchy bite of the skin before getting to the soft meat of the wing.  I can be a pain in the butt and ask for my wings to get a little extra attention (more specifically, some fresh chopped garlic and a sprinkle of Parmesan cheese) sometimes, but Fuel always puts up with my requests. They even know people can be picky about their carrots vs. celery and will let you customize your order to be "all celery" or vice versa. I prefer to eat in when ordering wings, because they fry the wings upon ordering and I am ready and waiting to get my hands on them, but on a lazy Sunday (or late Saturday night) I will request a delivery of my order. My only complaint is that the Styrofoam boxes that the wings are packaged in tend to create perspiration and reduce the crispiness of the wings. If they could poke holes in the top of the box to let the wings breathe, life would be just perfect. I dare you to find a better wing in Charlotte.
3	Stopped in for lunch yesterday with a co worker. Not too shabby. I've been to Fuel before but not this location. Good lunch specials. I got a slice of peperroni pizza & a side salad for $5.50 + a drink. I like the pizza. Good flavor and the crust is thin and crisp. The salad was a salad. The service was fast and friendly. If I really had a complaint it would be the location. On the corner of East Blvd & South Blvd, it can be difficult to get in and out.
2	I don't know what to think about Fuel Pizza. It's not bad (it's by far better than most chain pizza), but I can't get very excited about it, either. I've lived in Charlotte for seven years now, and not once have I ever CRAVED Fuel pizza. Fuel is popular with the B2B crowd, so if you hear about a bar giving away free pizza for a promotion, it's probably Fuel pizza. And when I find out that it is, I just shrug my shoulders and think "eh, that's OK, I guess". Know what I mean? Also, I don't know if it's this location or the entire chain, but the pizza never seems hot enough here. You know the old "pizza burns the roof of my mouth" trope? You don't need to worry about it here. In fact, if you worked in the area, I daresay that if you ordered a slice to go, you'd need to throw it in the microwave when you got back to your office.
1	I got a sausage,onioh and pepper sub, couldn't find much sausage, while sub was heater it still had cold spots and bread was soggy partly. Don't get this sub not worth the price
5	Unique pizza and great wings at this trendy pizza place.
2	Why eat here when you can go to Luisas? Because it is Sunday, that is why and Luisas isnt open for lunch. Place is run by a gaggle of freaks with face tatts and all kinda disorders. That doesn't bother me. Just save the attitude for the rest of the Yung Jeezy Crue, OK? OK pizza when Luisas is closed.
4	Fuel Pizza is very convenient for us and we have ordered takeout several times. The pizza here is good and is quite thick and filling. There are several Charlotte area locations and a location in DC. The chicken pesto pizza and the "whole engine" pizzas are my favorite. The wings are also very good and meaty although you have to ask for blue cheese dressing if you'd rather have that than ranch. Also neat: you can order online and they offer both whole wheat and gluten free crust options - a nice touch. At our location (Southend) the atmosphere is lively and fun. I look forward to checking out the original Central Ave. location in the near future as well.
1	This location is terrible. Every time I place an order, whether it be in person or over the phone, my order is wrong (I promise it's nothing complicated). The staff is friendly, yet unhelpful, especially when your order is delivered incorrectly. The response you'll receive is "what do you want me to do about it?" I want you to re-deliver my correct order!! The food is good once corrected, but the other locations have much better service, especially Central Ave. Trust me, it's worth the extra drive to another location; steer clear.
2	The pizza was good but it is so dirty and all of the tables are shaky.  Terrible atmosphere.  I like a dive if it has character- this place is just gross.
4	I've had about 7-8 visits to this location over the past year or so, so I figure it's a large enough sample size to go ahead and write a review for this place. I gave it 4 stars because I think I've had more good experiences than bad, but the only thing holding it back is it's authenticity. You don't really get that true Italian or NY feel, it's more just some college kids flipping some pizzas...and believe me, I'm sure pizzas aren't the only thing getting baked around there, if you know what I mean.  Given my history and experience with this place, I can go ahead and give you a solid order: 2 slices of pepperoni & 3 garlic knots; usually to-go. I suppose to-go, because there isn't really a ton of atmosphere at this particular location.  There are a few flat screen TV's typically set to SportsCenter, and a few dated arcade games at the front. There may even be a Cruisin' USA, I can't remember. I think if they put a few beers on tap and served food from the bar, it might attract more dine-in customers...but for now, it's mostly just either order to-go, or get in & get out. Also, what's with the large banner that self proclaims "The Best Wings in Charlotte'? I've had 'em a few times, and they are a solid 7 out of 10. A claim like that is gonna need some references, citations, etc. However, I'll tell you what, they are probably one of the better wing-delivery options in the area....and they've definitely hit the spot during the early AM hours (delivery until 3am on the weekends).   Although, when it's all said and done, their slice is nice, and it's a good spot to grab some grub before or after hitting the SouthEnd scene. Check 'em out.
4	Went there yesterday (a Thursday) for lunch with my wife. (Side story: I met my wife there on a blind date in 1999 when it was Zarelli's.) The pizza was good and the price is right. Had to laugh at a previous reviewer mentioning screwed-up orders. They forgot my garlic knots, and thought my wife and I were splitting an order rather than the two meals we ordered. OK in the end, though.Good place for some lunchtime pizza or late night munchies I suppose. If you want to stop in for a couple slices and a Coke (Pepsi, actually) then this is the place.
2	If it's pizza you want, consider somewhere else.  If you want the best Fuel pizza, consider a different location. I have tried this location several times out of pure convenience and been disappointed everytime in the pizza. Opted once for a calzone and it was not much better.  There's much better pizza in Charlotte.
2	Welp Yelp ! This was an ok tasting Pizza but Ive had better. Maybe since Im from up North I really know what a good New York tasting Pizza taste like so maybe Im being a little harsh. The atmosphere was cool and Im not too excited on returning but its worth a try at the least.
1	I live near this Fuel and have eaten here on many occasions. The mediocre pizza isn't my complaint (today). It's the terrible incident last night. I ordered a medium pizza for delivery. 20 minutes after scheduled delivery I call them to check up. I'm put on hold for a few minutes. Then transferred to a "manager". He tells me they ran out of pepperoni, so they couldn't make my pizza. He pauses and adds, "I guess we should have called you." Yeah. I guess I should have called someone else. No more fuel for me.
1	Bottom line:  horrible customer service (for delivery only; haven't dined in), botched order, soggy undercooked pizza, and late deliveryI ordered food from here yesterday for delivery down the street to World of Beer (where they don't serve food but have a wide selection of beer and graciously allow you to bring in food from other places).  Fuel is one of the menus they hand out to you, so I assumed there was some sort of understanding/relationship between the two establishments.  And one would think that Fuel would want to keep this arrangement going, given how many times we saw the Fuel delivery guy show up during the 4 hours we were in WOB. When I called to place the delivery order around 1:30, the woman at Fuel copped more attitude than I think I've ever experienced from a restaurant employee.  And I order take-out and eat at restaurants a lot.  After putting me on hold to ask her manager whether they could "do more than 4 deliveries to World of Beer" and warning me that they would have to charge a delivery fee ($2 - big deal), she reluctantly took my order and treated me like a 12-year-old delinquent child in the process.  It would be tedious to go through the exchange I had with this employee in detail, but she was pissy enough that at one point I stopped the conversation and asked if there was any particular reason why she was acting so rude to me when I was just trying to order food.  I would have hung up then, based on principle alone, if my husband and I hadn't been so hungry.  She said that she wasn't being rude, she was just taking my order.  I was alarmed at her lack of self-awareness.  Anyway, I ordered a pizza, wings, and a salad, and she said the wait would be 30-35 minutes.It was NFL opening day, so we expected somewhat of a delay in delivery.  Well, 1 hour and 20 minutes later, our food showed up.  The pizza was soggy and undercooked (not to mention cold, but I actually like cold pizza), the wings were skimpy and on the dry side, and they forgot our salad.  With the bad food and even worse service, I won't order from or go to this place again.
1	They were out pepperoni pizza by the slice so I had to get a more expensive one. The salad I get had rotten slimy lettuce so I had to take it back for another one. The second one also had rotten lettuce...third times the charm. And the cherry in top, the Sierra mist taste like fizz water. This meal cost me almost $10. Won't be going back.
2	If you're looking for authentic pizza, this is not the place. FUEL offers a variety of Strombolis, Calzones, and Pizza, but leaves much to be impressed. Everything's pretty costly (two Strombolis for $15?), so be sure to be ready to spend that money. If you're in need of drunk pizza at 2am once the bars closed, you're in luck. The food is warm and they offer a lot of options. However, if you're looking for authentic NYC pizza, stay away.
5	In need of something delivered, we opted for Fuel. It was better than I remembered! We ordered one peporoni and one with 1/2 banana peppers and 1/2 mushroom. Let's just say that very little was left over! :) Great job and tasty!
1	Does this sound appetizing?Ordered a Chicken/Spinach calzone.  The guy took one of the previously cooked calzone dough balls from behind the glass and heated it up, then cut it in half and put in the filling.  It wasn't a calzone, really just a terrible sandwich, with none of the ingredients warm and none of the cheese melted.  The tiny cup of marinara included was not enough to drown this miserable, dry dough sandwich.  The only consolation is the take-out beer I got that washed away the disappointment.
5	Great team with quality service.  If you're around the area is best to check them out.
1	Save yourself from a terrible customer service experience and drive two miles to Brixx Pizza instead.  My first visit to this Fuel Pizza was very disappointing.  I'm on an especially restricted diet and have recently discovered a vegan cheese that I love.  (Daiya cheese.)  When I learned that Fuel serves gluten free and vegan cheese pizzas, I was so excited!  We walked into Fuel and the guy working the register seriously snarled in disgust and nearly mocked us when we told him that we wanted a gluten free, vegan pizza.  I was so shocked by his unfriendly reaction that we gave him a couple of seconds to realize what he had done and when he obviously wasn't changing his customer service approach, we turned around and left.  We drove two miles to Brixx and got the exact pizza that we wanted and had the sweetest bartender, ever.My customer service expectations are realistic when it comes to places like this; however, this was one of the worst experiences I have had.
3	How can you go wrong with pizza and wings?  Well, I guess you can, but Fuel does it right. This is a super fast lunch spot that offer salads (though you get them from a fridge - they are actually always fresh tasting) slices or pies and an assortment of wings and sandwiches.It's a totally casual place with no frills. I've been here twice in the last 3 weeks which is kinda weird for someone like me, but they are located right next to our office and grabbing a salad here is really easy.
1	I just moved to Charlotte from NYC a month ago and stopped by Fuel Pizza craving a delicious slice.  Given Fuel's motto for pizza "from a couple guys that moved to Charlotte from NYC that couldn't find good pizza in their new home," I thought I'd be in luck. The slices were tiny - if I could change the font to reflect the size I would - yet priced the same as some of the best takeout spots in NYC.  Fuel slices were more like 99cent fresh ($1) slices in the city.  The crust took up half the slice, hardly any cheese on the slices, and literally at its widest point one of the slices was 3 inches.  The sauce was tasty though I will say that much.Guys - I realize you've found some success down here with a far less scrutinizing crowd but have some pride and either take a visit to NYC to remind your taste buds what your missing or at minimum check on the pizza makers once in while.
1	So last night I dropped into this Fuel in South End.  I had never visited this one before.  As soon as I walked in the door I was hit with a smell similar to that of a dumpster in the back lot.  I shook it off and walked into the main dining area to see three patrons - and it is 7:15pm.  I looked for a sanitation score but couldn't find it.  All three things considered, I did an about face and got out of there and went to a competitor.  Brixx doesn't sell slices, but my craving for a slice was trumped by the knowledge of a predictable and delicious product at a value - which is what Brixx offers.
2	Took 25 minutes for them to reheat cold pizza and get it to my friend even though ours took five minutes. We were all finished with our meal by the time they brought him his pizza, only because the security guard overhead us wondering where his pizza was. When we asked what they could do to help us they said nothing. Seeing as we were good customers and the only ones who even tipped we felt rather let down! We will not be coming back to this location. Please be careful their AC leaks right at the register.
3	Regular pizza at fine dinning prices
1	Service is sub par. Took 35 minutes to get a cheese pizza slice. Confused orders, and was late when the food did finally deliver. You could literally do better by microwaving ramen noodles.
2	It ain't what it used to be, or maybe my taste buds have matured.  For sure they've let the quality of service fade over the last few years.  This location has been slow for a while, but I've noticed some of the others sliding recently as well.Its reheated pizza and garlic knots.  No frills.  Nothing special.  It is what it is.
5	Great wings and pizza and definitely worth the price. I visited Charlotte with my husband and daughter and didn't want to go out just wanted to something good and delivered. I had previously had Fuel when I lived in Charlotte and wanted to have it again. The pizza was hot and delicious and the wings were great not too saucy and so many flavor options to choose from. My husband was thoroughly impressed and my daughter who is a picky eater was asking for more. Will definitely come here again.
5	Superb wings & pizza!  Friendly staff, newer menu options, lunch combos, and all around excellent service! I go there at least three times a week! The pizza's always warm and cooked exactly to my order, they have subs, fries, and salads for when I don't want pizza, too!  Super close to the lightrail, and open late on weekends:) my favorite place to eat!! Hands down!!
2	Well I semi enjoyed my first slice but unfortunately the second slice of plain cheese had hints of mushroom on it and mushroom is my ultimate kryptonite.  I was the first customer of the day so I guess to be able to offer more than one type of slice they make one pie with sections of different topping so I guess if your like me I would not suggest being the first few clients.  I do not like ordering a plain slice only to have it taste like something else, I was at this location once before and I asked for a buffalo chicken slice and the girl was like oh we are not making that one today unless you order a whole pie.  So as this being the second strike I believe I'm done.... but If your not as picky as me with my pizza being from ny then you should be fine
1	I will never again order from this place. I placed an online order. 2.5 hours later and they will not answer the phone when called, despite the fact that my credit card has already been charged for the order. This company is beyond unprofessional. I would not recommend this place. Terrible experience.I finally got my pizza. Ordered at 8.45, delivered at 11.25. And it wasn't even close to the pizza I ordered.
1	This is to report a very negative experience we had tonight at fuel pizza.  I normally don't write reviews, but was pretty upset with my experience there this evening (and I'm still hungry), so I thought I would share.  8:40- called in to order two pizza's for delivery.  They were busy and said it would be an hour.1 hour and 40 minutes later-no pizza, called again, they said pizza was en route.15 minutes later (we live about 4 minutes away)- no pizza, called again.  Person put the manager on phone, who said it was put in as a pickup.  Tried to tell him that we were leaving my friend's house and to change the address to our home address...but he interrupted me and said that it would get out when they could...and hung up on me.Since we live close (and they had my credit card #), I decided to go and speak to the manager about this.  I politely expressed my displeasure with him hanging up on me and explained to him that someone there wasn't telling me the truth.  He looked at me and asked what I wanted him to do about it.  There was no apology at any time during our interaction, which really bothered me.    He made me feel like he couldn't care less that we didn't get our pizzas.  So I told him to cancel the order and left.   I wasn't rude to him, but wanted him to know that I wasn't happy with the way things were handled.   As the manager, he should have been more compassionate to the customer that had been waiting for two hours for a pizza. That's it, feel better now.  Won't be going to Fuel on principle, which is sad because we have been good customers for several years.
