5	My realtor, Caralee Kecman, recommended Steve Kelly to me a couple months ago and I've used him twice (so far). He did my spare-bedroom flooring installation in April and did some desert landscaping (dig out old rocks and add new) for me today. Both times his estimates were fair and detailed, he was always prompt and he's extremely trustworthy. I plan on having him build a closet in my spare bedroom and replace my sink next. He also gives good advice when asked and provides tips on how to do it yourself (if applicable), a refreshing change from other contractors. It's hard to find a good handyman in Las Vegas but you don't have that excuse anymore. Hire Steve!
5	Steve is awesome!!! I had him come out to hang 3 of my wedding photos evenly distributed in my hallway that I had been wanting done for quite some time. My hallway now looks amazing! I also asked him to hang a heavy/large mirror in my loft and he did an amazing job. You can tell he really knows what he's doing because he takes the time to measure and asks your input to make sure you are happy. Before he left I noticed a light we had that went out was super high, he gracefully offered to change it which was sooooo awesome because it has been out for a while. He is definitely worth it and you can text him too to get details/meeting times which I like because I'm not always a phone person.
5	What a relief... I finally found a handyman that can do everything and do it right! AMAZING work! I will be using Steve from now on for all my jobs, small and large. Infact, I am planning on some bigger projects already, now that I have someone I know will do an awesome job. I just met him and I trust him; you can tell right off the bat that he knows what he is doing!Kind, competent, and hardworking. I feel like we "he" accomplished so much in one day. #feeling productive I am very impressed with Steve and happy to have found him through yelp. :-)
5	This morning I was awoken by a sound.  Not one of those ultimately heartwarming "Horton Hears a Who" sounds, but that horrific peeping sound of a smoke detector; that evil sound that will lodge itself into the very sacred crevice of your soul and torment you to the point of madness.  Having just had someone change out all the batteries, I concluded that these smoke detectors were actually on life-support, now squawking till their bitter infinite end.  With a day of appointments ahead of me and knowing this was beyond another pic in the "it sux to be my friend" photo album, I scoped out handyman on Yelp and called Steve.  He was booked, but I described my dilemma (the peeping and dangling wire) and he was able to accommodate me after his scheduled appointments-complete with a whole house full of new smoke detectors.  This alone was impressive!  Actually...VERY IMPRESSIVE!!!Steve was prompt, in touch via phone & text before he arrived and he really does have a red truck.  He is not one of these Vegas goofballs who (between hits on a crack pipe) decides to go into business for themselves.  This guy owns the red truck and his business, and my problem (which was a bit more complicated than a switch out) was expertly solved complete with explanations.His prices were very fair, his service and knowledge were exceptional!  I've scheduled him back here for my long list of Honey-Do's!
5	We called Steve this past weekend to install a ceiling fan after struggling ourselves. He was very prompt to return our call and was in the neighborhood already so came by THAT afternoon. He was efficient and professional and now we have a properly installed ceiling fan. Definitely will call Steve and Red Truck Handyman again!
5	Steve is fantastic! I generally consider myself a fairly self-sufficient homeowner. I can fix running toilets, drill holes and grease garage doors myself lol but my squeaky front door that had worsened and expanded during the rainy season was driving me nuts. The hinges were looking crazy and I knew I had to do something about it. Of course I searched Yelp and I found Steve's business with excellent reviews. I called his number, left a voicemail and promptly received a friendly call back a few hours later. He was courteous, professional, timely and charged me a very reasonable rate.I definitely recommend Steve and will absolutely call him when I need additional home repair done. Thanks Steve!
5	Excellent service and pricing. As a Realtor I am always looking for good people I can count on to help me and my customers. Luckily I found Steve on Yelp as he has lived up to the great reviews. Thanks.
5	Steve is a great craftsman and he's a really good dude.  I needed some work done at my mom's house.  So I surfed through the local handymen on Yelp and he had the best feedback.  I gave him a call and immediately felt comfortable and confident that he was my guy.  The bathroom at my mom's house was a mess.  The sink had apparently been leaking for years into the cabinet below.  The toilet was one flush from completely falling apart.  Steve replaced everything and the bathroom went from being completely unusable to one of the highlights of the house.  I had also purchased a clothes drier for my mom a few months earlier that had been sitting in the garage.  I asked Steve if he would install it and he had it moved and working in a few minutes.  Steve's prices are fair, his work is the best and his customer service is like no other.  I wish I could give him six stars.
5	Steve and his partner Brian were great with my new house projects: (I will post some pictures when I get a chance to settle in my house)-Painting 5 rooms-hook up the new bathroom sink and faucet-hang 5 large mirrors-install a curve shower rod-Even steam clean the carpet and tile floor They were on time, responsible, professional and meticulous with their work. Most important of all is their price. VERY reasonable. They won't leave until you are satisfied with the work. Highly recommended these guys. Professional from start to finish. I will definitely hire them in the future and recommend them to my friends.
5	Steve did an amazing job. I had him come over to install 9 curtains in my home. He showed up on time and even sent me a text to let me know he was "on my way". Great service and and clean work.  -Great price -Clean -On time
5	Steve was at my house today,what aamazing job he did.,he painted my back door,hung my mirrow  on wall.put in four  fire alert ,system he replayced them.steve is a great handy man,he is on time.i will use him again..steve i will give u a ten.see u in a couple weekes for my bathroom.
5	Steve and Justin were super accommodating!  I had to cancel on them the first time I made an appointment, but it wasn't a problem for them and they made rescheduling easy.  They showed up on time, and even though some of the aspects of the job were tricky because my house is older, they handled it with a single trip to the hardware store.  Everything was done quickly and to a very high level!  I am thrilled and will be using Red Truck for all of my handyman needs in the future!
5	Steve has repaired two problems at my rental.  The first was a shower that was leaking onto the downstairs ceiling and the second was the ceiling!  Both jobs were completed when he said they would be and the workmanship was perfect!!  The "cherry" on the top was when Steve told me that the shower would be less to fix than what he had originally quoted!!!  WHO DOES THAT now-a-days??!!  Now THAT'S a good person!
5	Steve and Justin always do a great job.  Red Truck is the only company that I feel that I can trust to get the job done right.
