4	The Purple Lizard is NOT a reptile store but a very unique boutique! It is hidden behind the great burger joint "The Hamburger Works". If you need a gift, clothing, jewelry, art, or just a card of someone that has absolutely everything...........this is the place to come. I am positive it is here that you will find a one of a kind item !! It's fun to have lunch next door then just browse this unique treasure chest. My last purchase was an awesome oversized beach hat from Australia !!! love it !!!
5	Love this place.  The owner has a great eye and nice to boot!  Refreshing place to shop.  Go check it out!
2	This place has neat gifts, bags and accessories and the atmosphere is unique. As far as clothing goes there isn't much of a selection.
4	What a fun place to shop for womens clothes. They have FLAX as well as other funky casual brands. Lots of accessories and a few home goods and children's items. I only wish they had larger sizes not all mediums.
4	If you have just moved to Phoenix in a torrid July, here's where you pick up your Instant Authenticity Pack without the trouble and expense of the trek to Scottsdale.Loose, flowing cotton clothing that will BREATHE? Check!Floppy hats? Check!Scented essential oils? Check!Frida Kahlo refrigerator magnets? Check!Small sheet metal lizards? Check!Day of the Dead mariachi bands? Check!Once these needs are taken care of, you can think about larger issues, like how to restore your adorable CenPho cottage and how large a burger you want at the bar in the same complex. With cool, absorbent organic cotton lying lightly on your skin, you will feel much, much better and more able to cope.This is not precisely my scene, but if it were, this would be my first stop, as the selection is varied and not unduly sequined, and the environment is delightful.
4	This place is absolutely adorable and has a fairly extensive Day of the Dead knicknack selection (magnets, nightlights, wall art, greeting and post cards, jewelry...). If you are looking for a unique gift but aren't quite sure what you are looking for, I would definitely recommend this little shop. I picked up a few beautiful cards and some earrings and the prices are reasonable.
5	Love this store, I buy Flax Clothing there and love the other lines and gifts. The other shops in this shopping area are great too.
4	Last year when I was taking care of my niece's Flat Stanley, one of his last stops before heading back to Ohio was Purple Lizard Boutique. We were buying desert seeds for the class to plant a piece of Arizona. Fond memories of his visit, that's true.And today PLB came to the rescue again! Another office called ours to see if 1) I knew what sugar skulls were and 2) where to find them. The ladies were betting against each other on the former, and I won a former coworker a whole dollar for knowing exactly what they were talking about. The latter, however, proved to be quite a challenge. I thought *maybe* La Tolteca, but that was a bust. Then I called Ranch Market III, but they never picked up the phone. A quick Google search brought up The Willow House. In case you're not familiar with this place, it's because it closed. On a whim, I called the business that took its place: Hob Nobs. Surprisingly, they did have these elusive skulls. But they all sold out. And their supplier only made one batch. Digging deeper, I found a sugar skull distributor who listed PLB as their only Phoenix retailer. Score!!! While there are no longer any decorated skulls, the employee stated she would be more than happy to show me some simple decorations to do at home. Well, how about that?
