5	I loved Zeke's "Hot Yoga" classes.  He has a great personality--I wonder where he's teaching now?April 2007 Update:I MISS THIS PLACE SOOOO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!   You can't find a better instructor than Sascha.  I really miss her hot yoga class.  It's transcendental.
3	There are some great teachers here who are very passionate and skilled  However, I'd inquire with the studio to get your questions answered.
5	In a city where calm and serenity is sometimes farther away then we think, Yoga Santuary is an oasis in this desert.The small east side location is the only stuido I have been privledged to attend, and each time the teachers are insightful, thoughtful, welcoming, and overall WONDERFUL!! Stop in for the Sunday four o'clock class for a treat of a teacher, she's amazing!!
3	The class we took today was "Level 1 & 2" with Sherry Goldstein herself. Before we went into class, she introduced herself to us. That class was just like an intermediate kind of Vinyasa class. This particular class was good for both beginners and those who want to push their practice. Small lobby and check in area allow for more class space. There was also a little boutique where they sell books, lotions, clothing, Yogi Toes, etc. There is one large room divided in two unequal sides. For the class I took today, we were in the larger side. Sherry gave us a mini tour and showed us the other smaller side. She said when they have speakers, they open up the divider. The large room comfortably housed the 30 or so students. Of all the students today, my bf was the only dude in class. The studio is totally Lilith Fair, vagina friendly. They have spa treatments and womens' seminars and crap. I'd say the ages ranged from 22 to 50-something, the average being 35. The session started with an OM and no invocations. But Sherry was very into philosophy. All this "open your heart" kind of stuff. We also did a pranayama (breathing exercise) similar to the ending pranayama in Bikram yoga. She held her asanas (postures or poses) than I'm used to, making for a more strenuous session. She was very accommodating and generous to modifying her practice for all skill levels. I think the girl next to me was a dancer. Bitch. Sherry was also very thorough when it came to properly explaining entering and exiting the postures correctly. She had this large pedestal in the front of the class to stand on, but she was constantly walking around, correcting peoples' form. Everyone seemed to know what they were doing, comfortably moving through Vinyasas. I liked her flow and sequencing of postures. Even Bf, a hardcore Bikram dude enjoyed it. She did a good mix of balancing, strength, and stretching postures. She played some mellow, new age music. The studio was really quiet and serene, with the exception of the ventilation kicking on every now and then. The climate was nice. Not too cold, not to warm. I noticed a lot of people had water bottles by their sides, but I never noticed people drinking from them. I really liked Sherry. I liked the studio space. Its a little expensive, but I think you get what you pay for. * off the strip, non-casino
5	one of my more memorable yoga experiences.  Class was a great combination of strength yoga (but not the type that resembles 80's aerobics class), and meditation.  We were annointed with oil at the end during our meditation.
5	OkK here we go. A girls week end in Vegas. yoga is definitley on the menu. No matter where i go, yoga goes with me. My traveling buddy had been here before. OK, i trust her yogini judgement. After a 30 dollar cab ride from The Strip..we arrive. I could smell the incense before opening the door. Seemed funny after leaving the Casino noise, smoke and cha-ching to walk into a Sanctuary! But  as we did a friendly staff greeted us. After looking at all the yoga stuff for sale , picking things up, reading a snipit out of a book here and there I was ready to rock n roll with some Ashtanga yoga flow. The insturctor Eric was fantastic. If you are good, you are good and there are lots of good instructors around  these days.Eric is excellent. Nice flow class on a rented mat. I missed my personal green mat, but It would not fit in my carry-on. I did not want to have my mat searched at the airport(so not yoga:)!   After class we could not get a Cab to come pick us up. Out of necessity i asked a woman in the parking lot who had taken the yoga class if she was headed towards The Strip.,she was and was nice enough and trusting enough to give us a lift. How Yoga is that!! We made friends fast in her car and really enjoyed her stories about living and working as a show girl in Vegas. Never hurts to ask..the show must go on...great place to try if you are in vegas and going thru yoga withdrawals.
1	The studio was fine and all, but the customer service is extremely lacking.  I was from out of town, first time visitor, and asked for the 10% discount I saw posted on their site.  The desk clerk said the 10% discount is only on packages; I then asked for the free mat rental.  She said NO.  Since I was set on taking a yoga class, I proceeded ahead.   When I called and talked to Morgan, the manager, to express my opinion, she parroted her desk clerk and said it's their policy.  Like always these days, make sure you read the fine print.  Me thinks I'll visit another studio when in sin city.
5	I love YOGA and yes, I am a yogini! Yoga Sanctuary is a nice studio and very clean. It is pricier than others but I often come here for my yearly veggie cleanse & daily yoga challenges. They usually offer 30 day yoga challenge for $160.  This year starting in July, there is another yoga challenge but for 45 days for $225. I have signed up and can't wait to see my favorite yoga teachers: Ottavio, Shaun & Betthany!
4	Chakras: OpenKarma: FlowingFirst, the time and Teacher: Wednesday's 6:35pm Drop-In Power Flow Yoga level 2&3 with Ottavio.  It's fantastic to have an affordable local's drop in class, and the evening hours are very much my speed. This particular review is of just one experience out of many that are offered here.The place itself is clean, tidy, compact and comfortable. Ragas fill the air at a soothing decibel. Unique to our class and instructor, Ottavio opted for a much appreciated The Doors soundtrack during our session. He must have worked hard to end the class with "Rider's On the Storm," which kept my soul rockin' out, even during shavasana. Looking forward to some Journey or Boston or Johnny Cash at the next class, even though I know it'll probably be Ravi Shankar. That's great though, I like them all.A feature to our particular studio that we practiced in (there are two studios) is that it accommodates two stacked rows of yoga mats. I personally prefer this to the circle.Ottavio's instruction was clear, brisk and pleasant. He was helpful when people needed assistance, and supportive during the long sequences. The senior-most Yogi in the class would, on occasion, burst in to spontaneous hand stand. That was pretty awesome and inspiring. The rest of the crowd was clearly fit and well prepared, so there were no hangups during class. At 6'3", I haven't touched my toes since third grade, but Ottavio always offered up alternatives to the more limber of poses.All in all, I loved the class, got my sweat on, and slept like a baby. You'll hear the phrase "without judgment"  in any practice, and my class was no different. However, Ottavio isn't here now, and I've judged my experience 4 stars. 1 star for each limb that now burns today.
5	I have been going to this studio lately and I love their classes! They have lots of amazing teachers with different style and there is something for  every  levels. I really like the flow classes as they have a faster pace but I also have a soft spot for the candlelight yoga class on Friday evening as they have live musician coming and playing soft music as we do our poses. It is not the hardest class but it is definitely the most  soothing for the soul! They also have special promotions from time to time such as Hiking and yoga at red rock, special yogi master teaching, seminars, etc...i am definitely addicted!
3	I first started practicing here, when I moved to vegas and became a regular at the studio (5-6 days a week) for a couple years here.  I mostly stuck to the west side studio but also have visited the east side.   I still visit the studio to take classes when I'm home and visiting my family.   Since this is basically the only studio in vegas, you can't really compare it to much else in the area (unless you want Bikram).The space is beautiful and there is adequate room to store your things and have enough room between mats in a full class.  It is also well heated and ventilated so pluses on that.  My main problem with the studio was that it would get really great teachers whom I loved and then all of a sudden there classes would be cut down or cut completely.  It's not a good sign when good teachers don't stay.  In addition the levels of the class all seem to be around 1-2, not many challenging classes offered.  I think I may be spoiled with my current teacher in the bay and my study with Sri Dharma Mittra, but either way you need to make sure you give your students a place to move forward.The studio does offer great workshops, I still receive the email and think it is wonderfult hat they bring so many teachers in to the studio.  I think this is something that most bay area studios lack (even in SF) so props there!NOW, MY MAJOR PROBLEM!  They charge an out of town/local price.  I think this is insane, first because the studio is located off strip, second people do visit their friends, families, return from college and visit on business.  This makes yoga sanctuary too much like a nightclub on the strip, and I am very very disappointed.  I found this out when I went to a class and was back charged for a price I had paid earlier..the women at the desk said it was becasue ( I was charged the local rate), this was after about 4 months.  I think it is awful that they made me pay for their counter persons mistake.  That time I ended up paying almost 30$ for one class.  In addition I was a loyal student here for years, and to be treated like that was terrible, so much for good PR. As this is a yoga studio i wasn't going to make a big deal about it.  Not a good impression and I haven't gone back much since, I can do a home practice.If you live in vegas, not many options so I encourage you practicing yoga and to go...the space is nice and there are some good teachers.
4	Excellent workshops and yoga teachers that they bring in each weekend.  Kim's Sunday class at 10AM is my favorite.
5	Yoga Sanctuary is by far the best yoga studio in Las Vegas!  With both convenient and beautiful east and west-side locations and a full schedule of classes, workshops and special events, this studio offers something for everyone.  I find the variety of classes, workshops and the instructors to be excellent.  I have been practicing Yoga, off and on, for several years and really enjoy working on my practice here.  I also love the quality workshops and top yoga teachers they bring in to the studio monthly.I highly recommend Yoga Sanctuary to anyone interested in a total Yoga experience.  Whether you are a first-timer, beginner, intermediate or advanced student you will not be disappointed!
5	After a horrible experience with the Bikram Yoga place down the street, I noticed a Groupon for Sherry Goldstein's Yoga Sanctuary.  I decided to give it a shot.  This is the yoga I remember growing up with.  The focus is about mind/spirit connection and correct posturing and the atmosphere is welcoming, peaceful, and loving.  There is no drive to "push until it hurts" (something I heard at the Bikram Yoga place and do NOT believe is connected with yoga in the least) but rather to connect with your inner self and get to know your body better.  This studio is absolutely fantastic and I am enjoying my groupon.  It is a priority on my list to get an unlimited pass as soon as I can!
5	Absolutely my favorite yoga studio in town, YS is always clean, the teachers are knowledgeable and fun, the hot classes are intense, and the beginner classes are great to bring friends to. The pricing may seem expensive at first compared to a gym, but the class packages are definitely worth it. All of this combines to make, in my opinion, the perfect yoga studio.
2	Firstly, let me say that the person at the front desk was great and my experience with the customer service is not reflective in the rating. The Yoga class was very well taught and the teacher was extremely professional, she did an excellent job teaching the format she taught. My only conflict with the class was that the schedule was for a Vinyasa Flow class which is what I was going for and there was very little flow, much more of a hold and describe then a flow class, but again I want to emphasis that the teacher did a solid job if that is the style of class you enjoy. The studio was clean and comfortable. Here is why the rating is so low, the cost...The cost of a single class was $20.00 because I'm not local if i was local it would have been $17.00 which is still on the expensive side but I understanding the business of trying to get students to commit to more classes. I'm just struggling with how the community of yoga saying because you don't live close by you have to pay $3.00 extra. It does not embrace the essence of yoga that I believe in and that is the reason behind the low rating. I didn't find a sanctuary at all be very clearly the business of yoga in full force . On another note the bathrooms are small and no place to change so don't plan on getting ready after class to go out from there.
4	My first impression was it is a very clean studio, especially one that does hot yoga! I was doubtful the studio could get up to 90 degrees with the way it's structured (wood floors, huge space, a little more ventilation than you would see in others), but I was pleasantly surprised this hot yoga studio doesn't kill you like the others, nor are you in a complete sweating mess unless you really get into your poses!The decor is very pleasant to see, although I would agree the lobby is very small for this studio! I wish there could be shower rooms, but besides from the small lobby, the customer service was great at the front desk & I mainly came to see my favorite instructor here who is now at the Yoga Sanctuary (check out Zeek Vincent sometime!) I'm impressed by the west location, & looking to drop back in again to experience more of the instructors!
4	Finally made the sojourn over to this westside yoga sanctuary. Clean, friendly and loving Susan G's kundalini yoga classes on wed & sun.
4	I loved this studio for the $10 classes, the special guest teachers, and groupons!!  Otherwise this place is pricey, which makes me sad because making money and material stuff is not what yoga is about.  But money aside it is a very clean studio with great teachers who are very professional.  When I did my groupon I took Vinyasa classes and the Baptiste classes, which I liked them all.  After my groupon I came to Shawn's Ashtanga class and kept coming because it was affordable and he is a great Ashtanga teacher.  But if you go for the first time you will probably be lost, but follow someone who looks like they know what they are doing and you will be fine and then keep going because that's what it is supposed to be!!   And I love love their special teachers, including Tim Miller and David Williams, those were awesome and inspiring!!
1	I'm sure I'll get a lot of negative responses from this review, but  if you take the time to read my review understand that we all have the right to inform everyone of our experiences and opinions. I am by no means a full fledged Yogi and do not claim to be enlightened whatsoever. I have been practicing yoga for close to 5 years and visited multiple studios in both California and Nevada. I do understand that everyone needs to make a living to survive and that a certain fee must be charged for yoga instructors to live. I also understand that Nevada (during the time I took classes at this studio) was experiencing the worst unemployment in the country and was considered (based on a survey) to be the unhappiest place to live in the country. I participated in classes at Sherry Goldstein's Yoga Sanctuary West studio. In what way is it Yogic to charge mat rental fees, provide a donation bucket after musicians perform in class and pack so many students in a teacher training course that regular class schedules are thrown off without notice? How also is it Yogic to participate in a studio where "yogis" pull up in their gas guzzling luxury cars and snipe parking spaces, walk in late to class and arrogantly stride to the front of the room to practice even though they are anywhere from 5 to 30 minutes late? While I do believe the yoga teachers are credible and provide a nice quality class, it is very hard to find calm and to center yourself when you are being charged exorbitant rates and surrounded by a bunch of (let's be honest) wealthy clients who have a superior believe it attitude. The teachers and staff allow the clients to run the show and even accommodate late customers. It is so ludicrous that on the studios online blog they even defend customers who come to class late, explaining that it is the responsibility of the students who arrive on time to practice not standing in judgement and to concentrate on remaining completely focused on class. The blog entry continues on to explain that not all students have the luxury of not being employed. Excuse me?! So for the unemployed (for which there are more of than the employed) it is alright to sit tight while those students fortunate enough to have jobs walk in when they feel like it. In what universe is this right? For those of us who are not seasoned at the art of meditation and may only drop in to class when our schedules allow it is infuriating that these people are allowed and even encouraged to operate on personal timing. How is it my problem that a student does not leave enough time to come to yoga class? It is not my problem, and I was very tired of sitting in opening mediation and listening to the door open, loud feet pounding across the studio, slamming purse, wallet, cell phone and keys into a cubby hole and loudly unraveling the mat and slapping it across the floor. Then to add insult to injury the teacher acknowledges that late student and thanks the late student for gracing us all with their presence (in some cases I'm sure this is sarcastic, but most of the time I believe it is a sincere sentiment) Another aspect of this studio that disgusts me is the boutique. Yoga clothing, books, CDs, candles and jewelry. And just to explain further, most of the yoga clothes are flimsy shirts that read ""I Heart Yoga Sanctuary" and are generally priced at well over $40.00 a tank top. All of these items are highly over priced. You can buy the same items online at a fraction of the price. What do these objects have to do with obtaining inner peace and "enlightenment" Yoga is not about things. Yoga is not about wanting and having. Yoga is not about status and wealth. I guess I will never be able to practice yoga again without designer "yoga" clothes as my regular clothing will not do the job. On to special classes with musicians. Some classes are offered during different times in the year with musicians accompanying the yoga instructor. Some of these classes are set on the schedule and others are a one time only event. Of course these classes cost more, which I do understand as both the instructor and musician must receive compensation. So why is it that after being charged more for the class that when the class is over a wicker donation basket is put out? I understand that we all need to make money. However isn't it the responsibility of the studio to provide proper compensation for the musician and pay him or her for their time? Apparently not. The best classes I took at this studio were the $10.00 cash drop in classes. Yes, you read that right. You must pay $10.00 in cash only otherwise your class with be $17.00 for an in state resident (which must be proven with a state ID or Driver's License or a bill with your in state address) or $20.00 as an out of state visitor. Yes, you will be carded and your rate will be based on the proof or lack of proof you provide. And be sure to bring your own mat as you will be charged a mat rental fee if you use 1 of their mats.
4	Visiting from Seattle over a long weekend and had 4 great classes (both East and West locations) with Zeek and Willow.  The instructors and staff at Yoga Sanctuary made us feel very welcome and I left each class feeling very happy with my experience.  I will definitely be back next time I am in Las Vegas!
4	I enjoy this yoga studio as everyone is friendly and knowledgeable.  My favorite class is Candlelight on Monday nights with Christine. (She is definitely my favorite instructor!) I have a monthly membership that costs $99 for unlimited classes at both studios, which I find extremely reasonable.
2	I was able to catch a live music candlelight class a few months ago at the west location. I felt the $22 fee was high, but not exorbitant given they were also paying a musician. I had been informed by many that the class leader was one of their more popular. The studio was extremely warm and just a bit uncomfortable. The class was large. The instructor was very nice, but there did not seem to be any direction to the program. As a certified yoga instructor I was taught how to design and pace a class. There was none of this. Seemingly random asanas linked together with not the smoothest of transitions. In a previous review I read about the overpriced merchandise and I have no problem with that as it can easily be ignored. Mat rental? I have never heard of this before though the response from YS was that it is not unique. It is gouging nonetheless. I teach at a facility which provides mats, straps, blocks and bolsters at no additional fee. To charge would be like asking someone to bring their own weights to Gold's Gym. My suggestion to Sherry would be to get back in touch with the local yoga "teaching" community. Experience what is going on. Compare and contrast with your competition. To charge those kinds of fees for nothing special is a poor decision at the very least.
3	Cool place and cool classesBad business practicesTook one class and signed up for 59.00 first monthgot in an injured directly after signing up in an accident and provided medical proof.Offered to pay for 1 class I took and get my money back and was told noThey did however offer an extension, but I was moving so it wasn't helpful.I think the chick who runs the studio as the manager- Megan or Morgan is a snot.
2	Nice space. Great knowledgeable experienced instructors!  Although management definitely has an evil feel around it. Its an expensive studio with some snooty people. Overall I'm not usually comfortable walking in here amongst the yogi fashionistas. That being said.... all the big yoga names do pass here when they come to vegas coz its where the $$$ is at. Period.
4	I happened to be in town for the weekend and was searching for a yoga class near where I was staying.  Dropped in for a Sunday Stress Relief with Meditation with Lucrezia.  The studio is in a great area with plenty of parking in a lot. The girl who checked me in was friendly and took the time to explain where the restrooms were, where the props and blankets were etc.  They offer specials and discounts for local residents which I think is the right thing to do. Drop in is $20 which is definitely on the high end even for someone coming from the SF Bay area  and mat rental is $2.  I don't mind renting a mat if they are clean and in good condition. They had several styles and thicknesses some in better condition than others. Plenty of blankets, bolsters, straps and blocks in the large room with high-ceilings, great adjustable lighting and a nice sound system. Now on to the class-this class was a great combination of a gentle flow with meditation. It was nice to gradually build up some nice heat with plenty of encouragement.  There was a mix of experienced students, drop-ins and first-timers.  Newer students were offered the option of modifications or skipping poses with absolutely no judgement from the instructor which is a welcome change from those who seem inpatient with people who are learning. The guided meditation was low key using imagery and served as a cool down and an extended savasana.  I will be back next time I am in the area. Really surprised by all the negative reviews on cost, business practices even having a gift shop?? Everything is clearly explained on the website so I am not sure what people are expecting?
4	Achieving and creating a balanced and centered life is a challenged in itself, but in this city of distractions and excess, it is a feat.  This is a sanctuary where one can let it all go through the practice of yoga.  I took Kim's classes because no matter what level you are at, she teaches you to approach yoga as a challenge for yourself and a means to freedom.  Very liberating!
4	Love love love this place and the instructors. I gave it 4 out of 5 for 2 personal reasons 1- I wish they had a more flexible non expiring membership for people that travel often and 2- I wish they would add more yin yoga classes - perhaps! Overall its a great place and I love that the classes are not crowded!
2	this is my second go round with SGYS and I had high hopes that the customer service at the front desk had changed since I last visited.  Yes there was a new girl at the desk but unfortunately the attitude i mean ATTITUDE is very apparent. For whatever reason guests are greeted with a very snotty and condescending tone. for a Yoga Studio that surely promotes well being and balance I would say that there is none of that coming from anyone with exception of the instructors.   this is too bad as I wont be returning after my groupon expires.
4	As a Vegas transplant from the yoga mecca of the US, otherwise known as Los Angeles, I will start by saying that I am somewhat discerning, and possibly even spoiled, when it comes to my taste in yoga teachers.  In LA, you can take a walk down to your neighborhood studio and it's likely that the teacher was featured in that months issue of The Yoga Journal.  One can imagine my hesitation when I walked into a studio in Las Vegas.  Yoga in Vegas?  Well, little did I know what a little yogic gem Las Vegas had to offer us with Yoga Sanctuary.Now, in ten years of practice Ive taken class from some good instructors, and others who would have been better at anything but teaching yoga.  The level of skill and expertise delivered by their teachers is undoubtedlly five stars! The quality of instruction equates to instruction given by some of the "best" teachers in the US.  Eric's 2/3  class on Saturday rocks!  Willows All Levels Flow is a great workout.  I brought a new to yoga friend to Heathers Intro class and it was great for someone brand new to yoga, and fun and relaxing for myself.  I have yet to take from any other teacher at YS, but based upon the quality I've seen so far, I'm sure that their classes will be the best that Vegas has to offer.4 out of 5 stars instead of five simply because, as noted in the comments below, their business practices mess with my Zen.  And yes, if you get a Groupon then READ the fine print and restrictions.  Again READ.  Then go ahead and enjoy class.  It's worth every penny and more.
1	Not impressed. I went for the Ashtanga and I thought "certified" meant from Gurugi. Jennifer Pierotti is not certified. She got a certification form yoga works and claims to be in expert in Ashtanga.  She was not friendly - at al! There was no welcoming vibe and she was very dismissive when I did my practice and would not accommodate what she claims to know. She does not even know about bhandas. She does not do the invocation and was ridiculing me on alignment. I have been to mysore rooms all over the world and this was by no means a real or traditional mysore setting. I am very disappointed. I found it to be a slap in the face to the Ashtanga community and when I asked the front for a credit or refund. They refused. What a waste of time and money. And the studio sells no water! What kind of yoga studio does not provide or sell water!? They told me at the front to fill up in the bathroom sink :(
5	There are some absolutely phenomenal teachers here (Eric, Rachael, Jennifer...) and a wonderful environment for a truly lovely experience. You are the primary aspect of your yoga practice, then the teacher, then the people you are practicing with and finally the studio itself (IMHO)...So, I can easily recommend going to either of Yoga Sanctuary's Studios to take yoga classes.  Afterall, they do have some of the absolute best teachers in Vegas, a welcoming studio,  a warm group of practitioners... and if you manage to show up... well... then you'd be here too!YS also hosts some incredible workshops fairly regularly.  They aren't the cheapest place around, but they offer a great introduction package to locals and they are also on Groupon from time to time (read the fine print to make sure you are eligible) that offers a great value.
5	Very impressed. Even though I've only been practicing for 3 years I have been exposed to a good variety of teachers and studios across 3 states. I'm no pro and I still have a lot to learn, but yoga is important to me and I'm experienced enough to write a review. It is the studio in Las Vegas that I prefer over the others because they have a lot of impressive talent and some classes that you can't find at any other studio in Las Vegas.I recently tried a Mysore class - I thought anything that makes you sore is probably a good workout. I had no idea it was an Asthanga practice group doing a set sequence and not a traditional class that is led by an instructor at the front of the room. Wow it was awesome! The teacher's name is Jennifer and she helped me understand the difference between Mysore and led classes - and the difference with a set sequence of poses. She gave me the attention I needed and started teaching me to memorize the sequence. Most of the poses I had done in flow classes, but Jennifer showed me the way they are supposed to be done and it made me work a lot harder and therefore the benefit to my body has been tremendous! Asthanga Mysore is harder than most of the classes I have attended anywhere, and it really challenges my mind and body. I forget some poses or get them out of order and Jennifer always reminds me and helps me in a way that makes me feel like I belong with people that blow my mind with what they can do in their practice. As hard as it is for me to make the classes with my work schedule I have made it a top priority to go as much as I can. I would go every day if I could. Thanks Jennifer for being so knowledgable and providing rationale for everything you tell me that actually makes perfect sense! (Im the one who keeps forgetting the closing sequence that you're very patient with).
5	This is our new yoga home. I have been a loyal student of Jennifer Pierotti for almost two years, and when she moved to Yoga Sanctuary to teach her mysore classes, it has been truly great. Besides being such a phenomenal and inspiring teacher, her passion to teach the Ashtanga Yoga Method is magnificent. Her alignment cues and hands on teaching have personally given me work to improve my practice. She inspires you to reach your fullest potential in the Ashtanga practice that makes me grateful as one of her students. For those who think they cannot do this practice, with my experience with Jennifer, Anyone can practice Ashtanga. The Yoga Sanctuary team is very friendly and sweet. They never fail to greet their students and ask how they are, and also ask our feedback often. They make us feel like we are family. :) and I have also taken Ashtanga led with Greg go and he is such a wonderful and great teacher as well.
4	I love this yoga place. Everyone is so nice and their facility is pretty good compared to the ones I've been to in town. They also have specials from time to time in Groupon so check that out before signing up for packages.
4	In a Bikram-centric town, this is a great place for yoga variety. I knew after my 3rd class that I had finally found my yoga home here in Vegas. They have fun workshops that have allowed me to deepen my poses and stretch my limitations. The staff is friendly and the teachers are top notch. My 13 year old daughter loves this place as well and everyone is very welcoming to her.
4	Thanks Eric for a great class.  His class is so good that other yoga instructors take it.  His commentaries while giving yoga instructions motivate you to stick with it.  It's Challenging but good for you holistically.  What more can you ask for?
2	I really wanted to like this place. I went to help relax and alleviate the chronic tension and pain in my neck, shoulders and back. But it ended up causing me more pain. I brought an extra-thick mat, but the floors were really hard and hurt my back for days afterwards. I don't want to list all the negatives, but the one thing I really didn't like was that one of the instructors in a stress relief class massaged my face (she did this to everyone) and then pushed down on my back during child's pose without asking me. I have back problems, so this really hurt. Maybe it's just me, but I don't think instructors should be touching or exerting pressure on students without first asking them, especially if they have injuries or chronic conditions.
4	After doing bikram for a few years, I was over feeling nauseous and dizzy while working out. Bikram is also so monotonous and offers no upper body workout. I got a groupon for here,  and I'll never leave! Eric and Rachael are my favorites. I love that every week the classes are not exactly the same; the variety keeps it fun. It's so nice to be able to practice plain and simple yoga. My only complaint is there are no vinyasa mid-day classes. I work nights so it would be awesome to have an option of taking a class somewhere between noon and 5.  They also have a deal for $60/month when you sign up with another person which is so worth it. So happy I found my yoga home!
