5	Probably the most honest people I've ever had working on my car. Period. Every time I need to have my oil changed or my tires rotated, I start to wish that I was back in Fort Mill so I could go to Tega Cay Wash & Lube and have them take care of it. As a young woman who knows little to nothing about cars, it's nice to go to a place and receive the same level of service whether I'm alone or with my father and brother. I would venture to say that every other place I've ever taken a vehicle has made me feel uncomfortable at some point in the process by trying to sell me something that I don't need. That's never the case with these guys. The only different treatment I got because of my gender was receiving a free car wash because it was "Lady's Day", and I ain't about to complain about that :)
5	I was headed out of town and needed a quick oil change. They had me in and out in about 20 min and the prices are very reasonable.
5	I love this place!!  They are fast and efficient, very respectful, and I trust them to do good, honest work on my vehicle.
3	So I needed a quick oil change and didn't want to get dirty, so I took the car here.  We only use synthetic oil in our vehicles, and it was just under $70 including tax plus there was a $10 rebate for Havoline synthetic.  The place is wide open, so I could see that they actually used it.  They were done quickly, but they tried to sell me a bunch of stuff I know I don't need.  They weren't pushy about it, but I know what's necessary in a vehicle.  If they hadn't tried to upsell me anything, I'd probably give them 5 stars.
1	This review is based on my experience with the automated car wash portion of this company. I used the automatic car wash on a couple different occasions.  Almost every trip through my truck would exit filthier than it entered!  That is disappointing considering this place is a minute away from where I live.I take the appearance of my vehicle very seriously, so with that said, I have chosen to not spend my money at this facility.
5	Awesome Car Wash! For those who hate the automatic, the only reason is because it is a Futura Impulse. Those machines actually KILLED Futura, and that's why it's not that great.
