5	Ate there and had a wonderful meal--pho that was done very well, with nice beef and tendon. This is a family-run business; they've created a cozy little place to go and enjoy high-quality Vietnamese meal.
4	Not bad. I enjoyed my chicken pho and the appetizer rolls were quite delicious. I'll be back.
4	I was curious what the "Pho-1-1" was on Tan Lac, as I heard the musings of delicious Vietnamese food being told on yelp. I ventured out on a chilly friday night to the depths of squirrel hill, swallowed up by rows upon rows of charming old world decor houses and windy-hilly streets.Tan Lac is situated near some other Asiatic cuisine houses, including the Green Pepper, which I am due to try out soon. Apparently, everyone else got the memo too, OR read my mind in one giant conspiracy...because there was a wait....after eight....I said "isnt this great!" all I wanted was a late plate with my mate for a date!It turns out, there was a Post Gazette or something article a day before. After sitting on a cold windowsill throne of marble for the better part of forty some odd minutes, my cramped and cold buttocks was escorted to a table with my better looking partner in tow. By now, our slavering appetites had guided our tongues towards selection, mouthing words of dishes while mentally consuming them with reckless abandon! The spring rolls-Devoured! Peanut sauce tangy sweet and spicy!The pho arrives! Horns sound, peasants rejoice, banners of epicurean celebration abound! The broth is delicious and savory. After the initial sampling, I tinker with it as an alchemist, shiracha and duck sauce, carefully measured, tasting and musing over the balance of flavor. I was sated, filled, patting my stomach. My girlfriend, the same. Gluttons, we were not, but hungry, we were. I would love to return and sample some more traditional vietnamese dishes. As for the four stars, it was very good, but lacked the distinction neccessary for five.
4	Just had a late lunch here.I found the Pho Tai to be good, and the "small plate" size (~$7) was substantial enough to make an entire meal of. Despite that, I also tried the fresh summer roll appetizer ($4 / two rolls), which I found to be competently made and nicely presented [sprig of green onion left to protrude from each roll].I haven't eaten at Tram's Kitchen recently enough to make a solid comparison, but I think this pho was probably on par with Tram's or [very slightly] worse.The highlight of the meal was the Vietnamese coffee, which is brought to the table in a cup-sized percolator; and is very nicely balanced flavor-wise. Sweet, spicy, and rich without being overly so. I had some hot and some over ice and really enjoyed it both ways.I, for one, welcome the noodle renaissance that we're going through in Squirell Hill.
5	If you love Pho as much as I do, this is the place to go in Pittsburgh. Pho is one of those dishes where every step counts, and taking shortcuts really affects the final product. I'm glad to say, Tan lac Vien doesn't take any shortcuts with their preparation.The additions included a nice selection of the usual suspects, bean sprouts, cilantro, thai basil, and hot pepper, as well as culantro, which was an unexpected delight. Sriracha and Hoy Sin were also provided.The service was fantastic, in no small part because the owner was working the front of the house, while her husband was in the kitchen. She seemed very nice and accommodating, and even though the menu indicates 'no substitutions' was glad to make changes when requested (to fit our dietary restrictions). The restaurant itself is small, but don't be mistaken, there is additional seating available upstairs, (about another 30 seats). Of the over 30 establishment's I've had Pho in, across five states, this was the best single bowl of Pho I've had.  I've only visited once (so far) but already I can't wait to go back.
4	Generously portioned, reasonably priced, friendly staffed, freshly prepared, tasty pho, broken rice and other traditional vietnamese dishes.  The setting is plain, but attractive with back lit, color changing wall panels.  The lunches are an especially good deal, with most dishes under $8.So with all that good, what's the bad?  The service can be a little slow and there's nothing terribly distinctive about the place.  Everything was good, but nothing about the service, dishes, or decor is particularly memorable either.  That said, Squirrel Hill was in need of a quality Vietnamese pho house, and now thanks to Tan Lac Vien, they have  a worthy purveyor of fine pho!
4	I never thought I'd think this about any Vietnamese restaurant, but this place give Tram's Kitchen a run for the money. On the first visit I didn't sample the pho because I had recently had some (at Tram's) but the dishes I did order were terrific, and the pork roll appetizer was especially rocking. Welcome to Squirrel Hill. One star demerit for $2 corkage fee.
5	Best food ever!!!!!!!!!!!
3	A strong 3 star and one of the best restaurants on this stretch of Murray (which is not saying much). The place is nice, simple but elegant. The service was competent ,and the dishes were quickly brought to the table. It is reasonably priced ($10-12 for the pho). The summer rolls were tasty and fresh. The soups were large, and we did not finish them. While the pho was good, the other soup (pork broth instead of beef broth as in the pho) with seafood was rather bland, which explains the 3 stars. The broth was simply not very tasty and the seafood did not add much to its flavor. Still, I'll be back!
5	This place was great! I am a vegetarian, so I am sometimes hesitant about Vietnamese food, because even if there aren't chunks of meat, it is usually hidden somewhere. I explained this to the waitress and she basically created a dish for me! My mom got the N1 Pho and she said it was delish too. Two thumbs up (and I almost never say that).
4	Good overall Viet. cuisine.  The bun bo hue was on the thin side.  it needs to be a denser/spicy-er broth .  the goi cuon were excellent. about as good as vietnam's pho's .  vietnam's pho is clearly the 'best' vietnamese eatery in pittsburgh but tan lac vien is catching up to them at this rate .
4	I love a good noodle bowl and  this hit the spot.  I ordered the lemongrass tofu as an app and was a bit disappointed in it. A small piece of tofu rubbed with lemongrass. The star of the meal was the bun dac viet with shrimp and pork. The serving size was just perfect and the shrimp and pork were savory. Don't forget to save room for dessert, the sticky rice with durian sauce was great. Service is very attentive and welcoming.
4	Heck yea! Vietnamese cuisine in Squirrel Hill! I'm super stoked that this place is tasty so I don't have to go all the way to Pho Minh (my other fave) in Garfield to get some bun. I've eaten here once and gotten take-out once in the past week, so I guess you can say I dig it. Thought their bun was great and not too greasy. The Pho was to-go, but I enjoyed it all the same. Kept everything separate so it didn't get soggy & weird, and the rare beef was cooked perfectly. The shrimp summer rolls were wrapped well and tasted very fresh. The staff has been extremely polite and I can't wait to go back to try more. Yay!!
4	On my first visit here it was a freezing winter day, so I decided to be cautious and order Pho figuring it would warm me right up. It very well did. The quality of the Pho wasn't far off of what I've had on Kingsland Road in London; the only short comings was Tan Iac Vien didn't serve the Pho with red chili peppers and there wasn't as much beef as I have become accustomed to.The service was attentive and very accommodating.I liked the small, intimate atmosphere of the restaurant. My friend and I were the second table to be seated which worried him that it was almost empty, but it filled up quickly afterward.
4	This place is fantastic! We ordered three Vietnamese dishes (a pho, a vermicelli and a noodle dish) and all seemed very authentic. They included flavors I have never tasted before. Authenticity is a rare thing among Asian restaurants in America. The tea (chrysanthemum is recommended) is bottomless and the waiter explained how to eat the tricky Crepes dish, which was very helpful. Service was prompt and warm. Often at Asian restaurants waiters will have trouble understanding English or are difficult to understand so orders get messed up. This was not that case at all here. I will definitely be returning!
2	I have tried a lot of vietnamese restaurant, this one is just so so. The roll is good, but the pho, not as delicious as I expected.
4	Tan lac is a great addition to the Squirrel Hill restaurant scene.  This restaurant offers convenient and quiet dining in a relatively intimate environment.  The restaurant is clean and quite inviting.  Something that caught my eye immediately were the cool wall accents which changed colors every so often: a nice touch. The menu is pretty robust as it offers dishes across a spectrum of Asian cuisines including Chinese, Thai and Vietnamese.  I really appreciated the staff's willingness to accommodate my request for vegetarian egg rolls, which were quite delicious.   For my main meal I had a tofu and broccoli dish which was not only tasty, but spicy just as I requested.  The quantity of food was tremendous;, the price was fair.  Service was absolutely fantastic.Generally speaking it's tough to find Vietnamese places that cater to vegetarians.  While the traditional Vietnamese fare can be found here, it would be nice to see something like vegetarian pho on the menu.  Overall, this place is great!  Check it out.  I'll be back, no doubt.
5	I have now been here multiple times and each time the food is better and better.  I can't speak for a variety of foods, but I can say that the Pho is some of the best that I have ever had.It is served with the traditional accompaniments of hoisin, sriracha,  hot peppers, bean sprouts, lime, cilantro, and thai basil as well as culantro which I had not had before (sort of like a milder cilantro).The service is always excellent and the prices are competitive with the other restaurants in the area. I will definitely be back and often!
5	So their menu doesn't have a vegetarian pho option, but wow do they cater to your requests.  Stopped in here late last night with my partner in crime and we had an excellent meal.  They cooked up a mean vegetarian pho that was extremely flavorful, full of tofu and perfect once an appropriate amount of Sriracha sauce (which was brought out promptly, without me asking I might add) was added to the concoction.  The cheese wontons are also quite legit.  Do try them.  Service was fantastic as it was our first time.  Dining here is a very, very safe-bet if you're a fan of Chinese, Vietnamese or Thai.  Furthermore, we really appreciate their kitchen and wait staff serving us at 9:45 (15 minutes prior to close), and waiting for us before we were done.  They certainly did not have to do that, nor would I expect them to, but the fact that they did makes me want to recommend this place even more than I already would.
5	Great food. Pho at lunch is huge, tasty, fresh and plentiful meat & fixin's. Crispy rolls are delicious. Even the green tea was perfect. Delightful server, too.
4	If you are looking for good Vietnamese cuisine in the Pittsburgh area, I highly recommend this restaurant.  Visiting from NY, we took our daughter (who attends college here) and a few of her friends.  We had reservations for 7:30 but the people at the table they had intended for us were apparently lingering a LONG time.  So, while we had to wait close to 30 mins, the staff were very attentive, apologetic and nice; they managed to set up a special table for us and they also gave us complimentary desserts! The food here was very good - better than many places in NY - and it was casual but with a very warm ambience.  A few people had the soup (pho), which got good reviews, the steamed dumplings were excellent, and the bun that I had was very good.  It's refreshing (based on my experience in the Burgh) to find a place where you ask for the food spicy . . . and they actually make it spicy!  Good job.  The crepe dish was deep fried but very good and not overly greasy.  Interestingly, we had stopped by the evening before for take-out, and they said it would be an hour wait - seriously? for take-out??  A place like this would never survive in NYC, but hopefully it will here because it is a real gem! Just goes to show - if you serve great food and are good natured, people will be very forgiving of miscues.  I am sure we will be back!
4	Came here about a week after they opened.  They were still training staff, but they were all very eager to please, and were putting in the effort.  The food itself was very good.  We are huge fans of Vietnamese cuisine and tried their grilled pork chops, pho, and a variety of other appetizers.  They had a beef-stew appetizer with baguette, which is one of our favorites when going to Philadelphia, the east-coast mecca for Vietnamese cuisine.  It was not the best, the Pho and other items were very delicious.  Furthermore, its nice to finally have a Vietnamese restaurant in Pittsburgh that has an intimate formal atmosphere.
2	Um, pass.  One taste of this place's pho and bun dish and I knew it was just missing something.  The food is definitely subpar to Vietnam Pho and the prices are higher.  It's missing the feeling of a traditional Vietnamese restaurant.  Maybe because they try to serve Chinese food too.  Maybe because I feel crammed next to other diners in a small back room with 10 other tables.  Maybe because the dishes were skimpy on the meat.  One dinner here including 1 bun, 1 pho, 1 spring roll, 1 sprite, tax, and tip got us almost up to 40 dollars!  It does complete the nice array of Asian food restaurants in Squirrel Hill and it may be good for a Vietnamese food newbie because the waiters will explain what everything is.  But it just didn't do it for me and I won't be back anytime soon.
4	The highlight of this place was being able to try Vietnamese food besides the usual pho and bun offered at other locations around the city.  For example, the Vietnamese crepe was an interesting new thing to try and was delicious.  The menu is quite extensive.
5	I'm so glad this place opened up on Murray. I can't speak for the other items on the menu, but they serve their pho is MASSIVE bowls with a side plate of all your add-ins: sprouts, culantro (amazing!), thai basil, limes, and jalapenos.  I intend to go here again and again whenever that pho craving hits!
3	Went last night with the girlfriend and shared some beef pho and a noodle dish with various meats. The former was pretty good, thanks to some very tasty beef broth; the latter was decent but nothing special. Portions were generous for the price and service was fine. I'd be happy to return to this welcome addition to Murray Avenue.
3	I was convinced by my friend to come here with him and I would say that it was a good experience. The pad thai was not the best I had ever had but it wasn't bad and the portion was rather big for one person.  The pad thai had a really good ratio of basil to noodle though.  However, it wasn't as peanut-y as I would have liked...The service was nice and the food came out pretty fast.  The place itself was rather cool, it was very modern looking without looking tacky.
4	Took my mom to TLV for the first time 3 wks ago... and we loved it! I liked it to much I had to stop by again about a wk ago :) Tried the goi cuon, banh xeo, bun bo hue, hu tieu nam vang, com tam dac biet and the sticky rice w/ durian (mmhmm mhm) and they were all so delicious. Portion of those bowls are huge, no joke. This place is small but there are tables upstairs when it gets busy too or for a big group of parties or something. I don't mind though, def a must try! :)
4	Tasty!I had bun bo hue, it was delicious.
4	I came here for a meetup event, my first time for both this group and for the restaurant, so I did not know what to expect. The waitress who took our order was very knowledgeable not only about what was on the menu but also in knowing the names of the dish in Vietnamese.I ordered a spring roll stuffed with ground pork and some Vietnamese spices with fish sauce which I found excellent and exotic tasting. For my entree I ordered crepes stuffed with bamboo shoots and some meat (I forget what kind). It was a decent dish but a bit too messy and difficult to eat. For dessert, I had the sticky rice with duri that I found out of this world. The duri, which was like a pudding with coconut, was excellent and not too sweet like typical desserts.The service was excellent as the waitress was friendly and very thorough in describing the dishes not to mention providing recommendations, and the hostess was also very pleasant. My favorite dishes were the spring roll appetizer and the dessert. I'd like to come back to try their stews.
5	everything we had was delicious - full of flavor and quality. Definitely best Vietnamese I've had in Pittsburgh.
3	pho noodle is good but it is on the pricy side. Other Chinese/Asian dishes are fine but they are very pricy. Don't think that we will be back again.
4	Stopped here with a friend for dinner while on a long road trip. Well worth it! I got the pho dac biet (special combination) which is what I pretty much always get at pho restaurants. The broth is clear and flavorful, the noodles are plentiful. We were skeptical at first as the place looks rather trendy, but the soup was on point. The summer rolls, on the other hand, were not so good (no cucumbers, no crunch or spice at all to them, and they did not taste so fresh). So minus one star for that. But I'd make a Pitt-stop again (sorry lame I know) for this pho any day.. it totally hit the spot.
5	I just recently moved to Pittsburgh and was hesitant about Vietnamese food here since I am from California, and the Vietnamese food in California is superb. However, I must admit I was glad to have stumbled upon this nice little place on Murray Ave. I tried the Pho, and it was very good. The service here is great, the staff is very friendly and will cater to your needs. I'm looking forward to coming back here and trying out their other sure to be delicious items on the menu.
5	Everything was delicious. We had two kinds of bun and two kinds of broken rice, and I've rarely had better.
3	I love Vietnamese food and was really excited to try out this place when I saw all the great reviews. The restaurant itself was pretty small, but has a nice feel to it when I first walked in. However, the waitress sat us at this table for two in this awkward narrow hallway near the entrance. Personally, I thought our waitress was kind of unfriendly and unprofessional. I ordered "Bun Bo Hue". The portion was huge with a lot of meat. The broth was just right and the noodles weren't too soggy. The only downfall to this bowl of "bun bo hue" was that it lacked banana blossoms--a must have. Also, I thought it was a lot pricier comparing to all the other Vietnamese restaurants in Pittsburgh. It was good, but I don't think it is worth it for the price.Overall, Tan Lac Vien lost a star for poor service, and another star for being overpriced.
5	Their Pho was delish and they have pretty good service. They give you good portion sizes. Def worth a visit!
5	The best vietnamese food I've had in Pittsburgh.  I think this place would survive if placed in California or Eden Center (VA).  I had the Bun Dac Biet and it was large and tasty.  What a nice addition to the Squirrel Hill food scene!  I'm looking forward to going back.
1	Above all this restaurant suffers from a seeming lack of experience.  I can overlook mediocre service if the food is decent to good (unfortunately the food was fair at best).  It took a very long time to get our tea and appetizers.  And when the main dishes finally arrived, the waitstaff was very confused as to which dishes were what and in fact, some of them were incorrect.  Additionally, the timing was off (i.e. main dishes served at different times, and appetizers served with mains).  Having enjoyed several quality Vietnamese meals, the fact that the best dish on the table was a Chinese dish is problematic.  All of the main dishes in my party lacked flavor.  Finally, the establishment had an unappetizing odor, which detracted from our dining experience.  Our waitress did not even thank us at the end of the night, which really should just go without saying.
1	Save yourself trip and don't go here. Had a horrible experience here the staff was clueless and the food mediocre never going back.
5	I've been to a few of the Vietnamese restaurants here in Pittsburgh and there is a consistent issue with the ethnic foods. The are usually lacking in flavor and that they don't provide the variety of ingredients (ie greens) that many ethnic Vietnamese dishes offer. However, I had come here on two occasions with friends and was pleased on both ocassions. The first time I came I ordered the Bun Bo Nuong (rice vermicelli with grilled beef) the blend of sweet, salty and spicy from the nuoc mam (fish sauce) blended perfectly well with the ingredients in the bowl. My next outing was a little more formal. We ordered the spring rolls w/ shrimp and the vegetarian papaya salad as appetizers and the were delicious. you couldn't even tell that the vegetarian ham was vegetarian at all with the texture and flavor. For my entree I ordered the Banh Hoi (woven rice vermicelli) with grilled beef. This came with rice paper that we would wrap in our own DIY spring roll. The assortment of greens that accompanied was great from cilantro, coriander, basil, and other fresh herbs. For desert we had vietnamese coffee and the sticky rice with durian. I'm we acquainted with durian and its smells, however the way that they made the dish, the smell is gone and instead you get the sweet taste of coconut and a hint of the tangy durian taste. The waitress we had was very nice and informative that night and the owner even had a chance to come over and talk to us about the cuisines. It was a great dinner.If this place sold Vietnamese sandwiches for lunch, I'd be here way more often. My next try is going to be the pho.
4	This place definitely fits into my ADD category of restaurants simply because each dish is really interesting and fun to eat. I don't have that much experience in the Vietnamese realm of food other than Pho,so this was a nice new experience for me me.We came here for lunch and the special lady had told me that it can take a good amount (:25+) of time to get food here so we came here for lunch with that in mind. When we walked in we were promptly greeted and seated. The friendly staff had only us to attend to in this very small dining room so they were able to answer some of my questions in great detail which I can really appreciate. For an appetizer we tried an order of the GOI CUON which is simply a fresh summer roll. What is a summer roll? well it is a neat little bundle of fresh veggies and shrimp, it said that it had pork belly in it but I wasn't tasting it which is fine with me for this tasty bundle. Itis wrapped in a rice paper wrapper that gives an appearance of being wrapped in an opaque plastic wrap that is edible. It had a really unique texture and combined with the veggies and shrimp it made for a great delivery device for an appetizer. This came with a large side of some sort of peanut based dipping sauce that I recommend trying, I think some people would be turned off by the sauces brown appearance but it is very good.For our main dishes I tried something other than PHO, and it was definitely a neat little plate of stuff you can just mix together to your hearts content. It was almost like an adult happy meal for me. It was called COM TAM SUON BI OP LA, or you can call it CT2. I really enjoyed the runny egg that was also on the plate, and before you Pittsburghers get all excited about a runny egg, that I guess is common in a lot of asian dishes??? Who knew. I took a picture of it for yelp so you can take a look at it, it was all fresh and tasty but I thought what the special lady got was hands down one of the best noodle dishes I have had in a long time. It is called BUNG DAC VIET or the BV1. It was a very refreshing dish that I almost could stop sampling hers. Matter of fact after I horked down my dish I went to town on everything she didn't eat. This dish had noodles, salad, cucumber, shrimp, , tasted  like some mint and/or cilantro. But it was a great combo. Now one other thing was that these are pretty large dishes with fresh ingredients, so be prepared and have an appetite or be ready to bring some who with you. It only took about 15 minutes to get our food so thats really good in my opinion for freshly prepared made to order food. And you may actually learn a thing or two or at least learn how to pronounce stuff on the menu. Den kiem tra noi nay ra! That's vietnamese for, come check this place out!
5	I've been eating at Tan Lac Vien for quite some time now and I can say that I have never left disappointed.  The meals are delicious, flavorful, varied, unique, well-portioned fairly-priced, and have never left me questioning whether or not what I am eating is the meat it was advertised to be.  The ingredients are quality.Now, despite how many times I've been here, I've never felt tempted to try the General Tso's. Why would I get the stereotypical American dish when there is so much more to choose from?  Well, one night, my dad, a friend and I came here and one of the waitresses recommended that the friend try the general tso's tofu.My.God.  It is hands down the most delicious General Tso's I have ever tried!Fast forward to today, and I finally gave in.  I ordered the General Tso's with Chicken and Brocolli.. It was amazing!  The chicken was actually chicken, thick, cubed cuts of, if I could italicize, lightly breaded chicken breast chunks tossed in a homemade sauce that has a wonderful smoky flavor to it from what I imagine to be the chili peppers in it.  Needless to say, this was magnitudes of order better than any General Tso's I've had anywhere-- you know, that crap that is like an inch thick of breading with chicken by-products.  Anyway, to my list of favorites: Com Tom Ga: Broken rice, chicken, veggies, an egg, and fish sauceBun Ga: a noodle dishvarious seafood dishesI can now add the General Tso's.Also, the entire staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.Don't be afraid to go in and ask them for suggestions-- they are good a making them, and moreover, don't be afraid of asking how to eat certain things, because sometimes it can be confusing, and yes, there are intended ways of eating some of the dishes.
5	Went to Tan Lac Vien last week with my Father and we both loved the food!  Pho broth was the best I ever tasted.  No kidding.And the noodles with veggies and chicken was delicious, says Dad.  Both dishes were presented beautifully.The waitstaff was helpful and pleasant.  We've already recommended this place to others and we'll be back.How 'bout working on the decor.  The black panels aren't working for me.  Some Vietnamese scenes would be so much better.  Maybe those embroidered panels.
5	So delicious!! Never ever fails me :) spring rolls, summer rolls, cheese wontons gotta try them all! Their pho is amazing and always consistent.
5	As good as always. Have returned and tried more of their fabulous food.  I highly recommend the crepes under the chefs specialty section of their menu.  It is delicious and filling. I also really like their nuoc cham which is out of this world.  Their spring rolls are also very delicious and a great size! Can't wait to go back!
5	I really like this place. It's small and a bit cramped, but you get a very good meal at a reasonable price and it's BYOB.
4	Loved their cha jo. Small portions actually dont seem any smaller compared to the regular ones, especially the amount of noodles! If you are a regular woman (not exceedingly hungry), get a cha jo and a small noodle.
3	So overall, the food was awesome, I was just upset with their ability to keep things "in stock." I ordered hibachi steak and shrimp originally and the kind lady informed me they were out of steak. So I ordered the chicken and shrimp. (Hibachi is known to come with the creamy shrimp sauce, and it said it did in the menu.) Well, I receive my food and everything looks great, she then informs me they are out of creamy shrimp sauce...I was so upset because that was the only reason I ordered the hibachi!I was offered an alternative sauce that was good but not the same. And I wasn't offered money off on my bill. That's what makes me upset overall. Food still tasted great...I was just in a sour mood the whole time.
4	One of my new favorite pho places! And they got a good selection of food choices. Its more expensive than other pho places I am use to, but definitely going back there again!
4	I loved this place. Great Pho, great cha gio, and a good price if you come for lunch. Sadly I was the only one who decided to come for lunch so I was eating without anyone to eavesdrop on. They give a student discount which is nice. The only thing is, I wish they put more beef in the Pho--just like Vietnam's Pho--both places make me ask "Where's the beef?" overall this is a solid restaurant. I look forward to eating here again and also exploring the other places in the area which all seem authentic.
5	This was the first time I ever tried vietnamese food and the food was amazing. I told the lady attending to me that we were first timers and she was patient with us and explained to us how a dish would be served. We tried their salad rolls with shrimp, salad and cheese wontons. The highlight of the meal were the salad rolls which came with fresh herbs and you get to prepare it urself using a rice paper which was really very interesting.  The serving size is also huge so it's great value for money.the only problem with the restaurant is it's not really fancy and indeed the furniture looks even cheaper to sit on. I am a student and don't mind the ambience at all until my taste buds are satisfied. Would definitely recommend this to anyone.
4	I'm a fan! I came here for lunch and had the shrimp and pork belly summer roll and the grilled chicken bun. Both were good. The service is attentive and helpful and fast! I will be back.
3	We had the Pho, Bun, Rice dish.  The appetizer was ok, entrees were ok, meat was undercooked.  Overrated....
5	Didn't try the Pho...yetBut everything else I had was fantastic.The grilled beef(bo nuong) is very tasty and they are generous with the herbsThe Vegetarian sumemr rolls, just as delicious, with a a bit more noodle than I like.and the Fried shrimp on sugarcane was amazing.First visit, sure won't be last, can't wait to go back
3	I came here with a group, so I had the opportunity to try a few dishes. +1 star for having a decent vegetarian menu, but as for the execution, read ahead.The pho was OK- nothing egregious or outstanding. It will do. My gripe was with my Bun- the fish sauce was lacking something, and so was the protein and the spring roll. The radishes and carrots were not really pickled at all- it was lightly sweet, and was lacking the tangy crunch it's supposed to have. The pepper tofu dish was something else- I do not recommend this dish. Just because you order vegetarian, doesn't mean that the food should be bland. Just don't get this- you won't even be finishing the leftovers.
3	I went with a group of 5 and the servers were really nice and helpful. I appreciated the fact that they didn't give us any trouble when we wanted to split the check. They were also able to recommend some dishes when we asked. Three people got pho and said it was good but not anything mind-blowing. One person got fried rice and said it was ok. I got the vermicelli noodles (not in soup) with grilled shrimp, pork, and egg roll. It was also ok. (I didn't particularly like the basil flavor that was in the dish and the pork was a bit too fatty.) Everyone agreed they would give this place 3 1/2 stars, but Yelp doesn't do that.To be honest, I was shocked at how expensive the dishes were. My dish was $13. It was a large bowl, but usually Vietnamese food isn't that pricey. The restaurant wasn't a particularly classy restaurant (at the time that I went, they had two buckets in the entryway catching what I suppose is water dripping from the ceiling). The menus were laminated and the napkins were just paper napkins. As someone coming from NYC and used to some pricey meals, I think the cost of a meal here is a bit high for the food that they're serving and the ambiance that they present. Hope that doesn't sound snobby, but I don't think it's worth going back.
5	I am so glad I finally tried this little Vietnemese restaurant in my neighborhood.  I loved the pho, the bun, and the summer rolls.  They also had a secret banh mi sandwich menu when I was last there though I think they added it to their main menu now.  The banh mi was also excellent and a great lunch option.  I went twice over a two month period and the girl recognized me and remembered what I ordered even though weeks had passed!  She was quite friendly and made it a welcoming experience.  The food is some of the best vietnemese I've had in Pittsburgh.
5	If you are vegetarian, this is the best Vietnamese place in town!  The BV-2 has three different types of veggie meat (yes 3!) and even has a veggie version of the fish sauce to pour over it.  Amazing!  This place is out of control good!
2	I am a new transplant to the Pittsburgh area and was really hoping for some good authentic Vietnamese.  The food here was marginal at best.  The cha gio were tough instead of crisp and they didn't give lettuce to wrap them with.  They also served them after the entrees.  They were out of flank steak for pho.  The very worst part was the service.  It was terrible!  The only reason I give them 2 stars is for the limeade.  They actually got that right.  The search will continue for me.  :(
5	"A happy new place" is what the name of this incredible restaurant translates to. Finally, was able to make it in to see Thy and Steve Ngo's recent creation.  The dining experience was incredible.  The menu was extensive, and the options, if you're not sure what to order, are placed on a flat screen with beautiful photos attached to see what you're ordering before it even comes out! The quality was unprecedented for the Pittsburgh area.  I'm very well traveled, and my Pho experiences in NYC and Boston have been sub par to the quality and taste here.  And in Pittsburgh?!?! truly a gem.  Sorry I waited so long to come in and have a taste.  Friendly staff and once again Steve and Thy have done it again, so fortunate to have a great authentic, Vietnamese option in the Burgh!
4	I have stopped by here twice now for lunch, the first time with my father and most recent with my then fiance for lunch.  The inside of this place is actually quite small and sits maybe about 30 people or so in the main dining area when full.  There aren't too many decorations so to speak of with wooden tables, blank chairs, some up-lighting and then a TV that was showing portions of the menu but got "stuck" while we were there.This last time that I was there my fiance and I ended up splitting an order of Goi Cuon which is a summer roll with shrimp and pork belly.  Then for my entree I had the con tam bo nuong bi op la which was the broken rice with beef, shredded pork and a fried egg while my fiance went with some shrimp pho.  The summer roll came out first with a sort of sweet and sour sauce and looked really good.  You could actually see the large shrimp through the fairly transparent roll.  It tasted really good too as it was nice and light and paired perfectly with the sweet and spicy sauce.  The only part of it that I didn't really care for was the pork belly but I didn't think that it really affected the flavor at all.  After we finished our appetizer the entrees were delivered.  While my meal was not exactly what I was expecting, it ended up being really good.  The beef was my favorite part of the dish and had some really good flavor.  I also enjoyed breaking the fried egg over the rice to give the rice some richness. My only complaint about our whole time here was the slowness in service.  The place was completely full and it took awhile for us to get both waited on and then for us to pay our bill.The bottom line for me is that I will be back here again in the future.  While the service was slower than I would have liked, my fiance and I both enjoyed the food that we got.
5	My girlfriend and I had an awesome experience here. She got the spicy basil tofu and I got the beef pho. Both were delicious. However, The real reason I'm writing this is because we ordered the veggie spring rolls and a new server accidentally gave ours to another table. No big deal. But the daughter of the owner (I think), came out personally with an order of crispy spring rolls w pork and apologized for the mix up. She assured us that our veggie rolls were on their way, but she wanted to make sure we had something to eat. Who does that? Anyway, holy delicious. I'm so happy they accidentally goofed our order because those pork spring rolls were out of this world. So, in summary, go here. The food is killer, atmosphere is wonderful, and the staff is so nice. Loved it. Thanks, we'll be back!
4	First things first, they have a vegetarian menu! That option is awesome! Their food is also really good too. My sister ordered the wraps, which she enjoyed. Although, we were terrible at assembling them. Its just like making spring rolls, and we are terrible at doing that. I ordered the mixed vegetables in garlic sauce, which I enjoyed as well. This place also gives you a good amount if food. Just be ready to make your own spring rolls/wraps if you order the wraps. Its a little further walk for squirrel hill, but go and try it.
2	It took 30 minutes to seat the 2 of us and then another 20 minutes just to get the waiter/waitress attention for water. I wasn't pleased with the weird smell when you walk to the back.Price is ok, but food is not good. I ordered the pho and my noodle was super al dente. I didn't have enough toppings that came with it either. The dumplings we ordered seemed like grocery frozen ones that they just reheated and fried. Super unorganized as well. We immediately asked for the check when they brought us the food and it arrived when we were finishing up.
1	F-ing Sucks!!!! After waiting for 30 min to be seated took another 30 just to get some water! Avoid at all costs! Would give it negative stars if I could. Watch the staff too, they try to get out on you
5	food is goid, however, staff friendness is the best in here. i like this place. i was there 3pm during their staff lunch amd i felt bad.  but they were welcome me and u felt same way.  thanks.
5	Very good pho! I've been traveling a lot for work and made it my mission to have pho everywhere I go, so I have a few to compare it to and it's in the top. Stay away from the dumplings as they are obviously previously frozen. Ours came cold in the middle. We also split the chef's special crapes, which were fresh, unusual, but very tasty!They were surprisingly busy for a Monday, but we got seated quickly and the food did not take a long time at all.This place is BYOB. Wish would have known ahead of time. Will definitely be back!!!
5	Great Vietnamese food at great prices! I got the pho with chicken and the steamed dumplings appetizer for $16 total and it was fabulous! The service was fast even though it was a pretty busy night. The restaurant is small with minimal decorations, but nice for a casual dinner. For bigger parties there is a room in the back, but otherwise it's better for parties of 4 or fewer due to the small space.
4	I have been to this restaurant a few times and it always satisfies my craving for pho. It's pretty authentic (based on my previous visits to allegedly genuine Viet places). The proportions are fairly large and the pho broth is very hearty and very filling! The prices are fair too. As for the menu, I always get pho so I can't testify to any of the other items on the menu. Although, I have tried a bit of their spring rolls, which by the way, are more like Chinese fried egg rolls rather than in the sticky rice paper that you would ordinarily see.One of the times I came here, I distinctly remember that my server was new and had very inadequate knowledge of the menu and basic etiquette, and it was actually pretty distracting. Otherwise, their service is okay. Nothing spectacular, but they get the job done.For parking, it's all street parking since the restaurant is right on Murray ave., so just a fair warning if you are supposed to meet someone by a certain time.Overall, I think it's good. I definitely consider it as my go-to for pho!
5	Best (vegetarian) pho in Pittsburgh, served with fresh herbs and always piping hot. I've also tried many of the other vegetarian dishes, including General Tso's Tofu, Lo Mein, and fresh spring rolls and they were all delicious!  This place consistently has fresh food and great service.
4	I almost hit 5 stars but hate to do this for a single visit.  I will be back very soon to try something else.  I ordered the bun with chicken and fried spring roll.  Everything was perfect.  The noodles were soft and delicious, the chicken marinade was awesome, the sauce was a little sweet and spicy and fishy and yummy and yes!  I'm used to a little pile of peanuts and a lime to squeeze but this isn't really necessary.  I caught some cilantro... more is better for me because I love it.  This is a tiny place so I can imagine showing up and not getting a table.  The service was very good and the prices were ok for Squirrel Hill.  Maybe a little high for the cuisine.  Can't wait to try some more.  It could end up being my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the 'Burgh.
4	So i tried this place for lunch one day on a whim.  Being gluten free, i'm not as spontaneous as i would otherwise like to be... however, in the past i have pretty good luck with Viet cuisine.  I explained my dietary restrictions and the hostess was SUPER knowledgeable.  To my utter sadness, the Pho is not gluten free.  However, the BUN Vermicelli dishes and their little spring rolls can be modified.  That first experience i had the BUN GA NUONG ( grilled chicken with rice noodles with fresh herbs, sprouts, cucumber + spring roll)   and since then i've had the BUN THIT NUONG ( grilled pork with rice noodle).Overall this is a great place, limited seating, but very cool.
5	The vegetable Pho was excellent!!!! All fresh herbs and veggies...I think it's a little overpriced for just vegetables, though. $12.00 for a bowl.
4	First time ever for Vietnamese food. Was a little nervous looking at the menu. Only draw back was some of the menu was worn off and unreadable. The waiter was super helpful in directing us to what we wanted and have us his recommendation on his favorites. Had 2 appetizer and 2 noodle bowls. And total was $38 and brought 3/4 off my.soup bowl home. Will definitely go back!!
5	My friends and I dined there for the first time last night. The waiter and waitress where very nice!! My one friend ordered a vegaterian meal it was huge and she really enjoyed it. My friend and I both got the same wish I could have remembered the name lol I took a picture. But it was delicious!!!! My friend is Vietnamese and was very happy w it!!! She took pho home to eat later probably tomorrow!!! We will def be going back!!!! Nothing negative to say about this place! Awesome service awesome food!!
5	Had a serious craving for Pho, completely satisfied. Excellent food from the chicken/veggie dumplings to the delicious pho. Ordered the beef and flank steak Pho and it was perfect, light aromatic broth, al dente rice noodles served with a side plate full of cilantro, sprouts and mint. Sooo good. The staff was gracious and helpful despite the packed house. Can't wait to go back.
5	Delicious. Fresh awesome customer service the girls are always sweet! Order the summer roll. Fried spring roll. The rare beef pho and the grilled pork ham mi!!! Totally killer.
4	Pho broth is delicious, spring rolls were great. On the expensive side for pho, but location is great. Seating is tight as it's a small restaurant.
