5	I took my wife's 2008 Honda Civic for a check up and it was due for some 100,000 mile maintenance and I wanted a "clatter" from the serpentine belt repaired.  I had an estimate to fix the chatter (it was a belt tensioner" from another repair shop that came in at over $400, actually close to $500 but Exclusively Imports fixed it for under $200. What a nice surprise! Repair work was fast, car was ready when promised and I'm happy with the repairs and maintenance work. I am going to go back soon for a coolant flush and front-end alignment and I'm confident that I won't get robbed.  I really trust these guys - what other auto repair shop can you say that about?
5	Looks like the key word is TRUST. Made an appointment, work began on time and promptly completed.Total cost with shop fees and tax less than quoted.This was my first visit, but I look forward to return.
5	I took my 2013 Hyundai Genesis Coupe in for new wheels and an alignment and I can tell you that the service I received was outstanding. I will only go back to the dealer for warranty stuff other than that Exclusively Imports will get my business from now on.
5	I started bringing my 88 Accord here in 2006 when I was living in Prescott, and have since moved away and back, and acquired my dad's 90 4Runner in the process. Mike knows these vehicles inside out and explains what needs to be done, what's a priority, and what can wait. As a female who took two semesters of Automotive Maintenance in college, it's refreshing that Mike and Kelly don't talk down to me, or try to sell me what I don't need. I have experienced that too many times in the past with mechanics that think I'm idiot when it comes to vehicle maintenance.  When I moved back to Surprise in September, the truck sounded like a rattletrap from all the poor service I received on the East Coast. Now it runs like it's brand new again.Their rates are reasonable, their knowledge is beyond compare, and they are really nice to their customers.
5	I was referred  to Exclusive Imports from someone I met on vacation. They were honest,professional, andExtremely thorough. Pricing for service was extremely  fair. No reason to go anywhere else.
