3	Tonight we were invited to attend the opening/media launch of Le Bureau Bar Tapas.The 19th-century, ex-antique shop was redone with an eye for detail and an emphasis on recycling.  Featured are several decor objects from that period, such as old desk lamps and brass fire extinguishers.The evening started out quietly for the media launch at 5PM but by 7PM, it got very busy as endless groups of yuppies kept flowing in for drinks at the bar or tapas and wine at the tables.The menu consists of a list of affordable, (mostly) Mediterranean-influenced tapas priced between $4 and $6.  This allows diners to sample and share several dishes without having to worry about their wallet.  For drinks, you have the choice of an imported wine or one of twelve beers on tap.
4	I loved this place almost instantly! great tapas with lots of flavor. While they don't have all the typical spanish tapas (i missed papatas bravas and )they have other delicious options. I loved their olive paste, chicken and beef tapas. Skip the hummus. Definitely a place to visit for 5 a 7.
1	2nd time here.Totally, utterly disappointed. We ordered 7 tapas which were delivered within 5-10 minutes, all together. Now you must be thinking why is a fast service a bad thing.. Well, because the food was cold, was sitting pre made, microwaved and sent out. I kid you not, the beef skewers were warm outside and COLD inside.. Same with salmon croquettes, the shrimps too. Fried calamari was probably killed alive in salt cuz, thats how salty it was. Cherry on top, the waiter had terrible BO!
1	This place is to be avoided.  Food is mediocre at best.  Beet salad was made with canned beets.  Fried calamari were undercooked and rubbery.  Beef skewers were raw.  Not rare, but RAW.  If raw is how they serve their beef, then it should be mentioned on the menu.  The worst part were the chicken skewers.  They were raw!!  RAW chicken should NEVER be served.  This is not a question of temperature preference.  Raw chicken can kill you!  If you're a trendy hipster that cares only about being seen in an up-and-coming area, and doesn't know anything about food, then by all means, go to this restaurant.  However, be prepared to find another restaurant immediately afterwards to actually eat.  The owners must be laughing at anybody that's suckered into spending any money at this place.On a positive note, the waitress apologized for the raw meat, offered to get us something else, which we turned down (I wouldn't trust anything in a restaurant that serves raw chicken) and took it off our bill.  I have a feeling the staff is used to dealing with similar situations.   Looking forward to seeing who rents the space when this place closes down, which shouldn't be too long from now.
5	With their quirky/smart decor, fantastic soundtrack (from jazz to lounge) its easy to be seduced by the non-pretencious attitude this griffintown bar takes. Simple, efficient and friendly service, mindblowing cocktails (quite literally) and simply good food, le bureau tapas bar is the go to place for a cool atmosphere, comforting tapas and drinks to remember
