5	After picking out my new-to-me car, I came here for financing.  They offer a 5 year loan at a minimum of 6.9% interest.  Unfortunately my credit score (which I think is pretty darn good) was a massive 7 POINTS from qualifying for that, and they had to give me a 7.24% loan.  No big deal.  They had no problem financing the 8 year old car with 98K miles I was about to purchase.  In just over an hour, I was in and out with a check in my hands ready to get my car.  And with the only requirement being a $25 deposit in a savings account.UPDATE: I have had several phishing scam emails sent to me that look like AZFCU emails.  All have asked me to take a survey for $X reward.  They look pretty legit with only a few barely noticable differences between the real AZFCU web site and the ones the phishing emails direct you to.  I don't really want to dock AZFCU for this, so this is more of a word of warning.  NEVER GIVE OUT YOUR ACCOUNT INFO!
5	Another new-to-me car, another hassle free loan from AZFCU.  I actually tried Desert Schools FCU first who quoted me an outrageous 12% rate!  Screw that!  Back to AZFCU, where in about an hour I had all the paperwork completed for my 7% loan and a check in my hands.The only real drawback is that I can't pay the loan online.  Well, at least not from another bank account, my regular checking account is with Chase.  On their website, all you can do is check your loan balance and make a payment from another AZFCU account.  So this remains the last establishment for which I actually write a paper check.  Cute.
1	Bad... not worth giving a review, but here's the heads up and your warning
2	I have been a member here for 15 years. I have always been disappointed with the locations, they are just not convenient for me.However, I have always been a happy cusotmer. A few weeks ago I had to make a deposit and cash a check. I went to this location and I had never had a bad experience before. I went through the drive-thru and it was about 5-10 minutes before they closed. I placed the checks in the tube with my license. The women seemed annoyed because one check needed an additional signature. I did as she asked and passed it back to her. Then she said she needed a signature for the cash and she sent everything back through the tube. I asked if there was anything else and she said no, so I drove off and went about my business. Later that evening I discovered the women had kept my license. Given we were going out for New Years, I probably needed that! So the next morning we went down to the branch, we were about 20 minutes before they opened. I noticed workers in the windows and went to the door and docked. There were 4 employees, they all ingnored me. I did finally get one person's attention and when I did I jestured and yelled through the doors that I needed to get my license.  He seemed to acknowledge me; but I didn't get a response. So I went back to the car and I got a piece of paper to write the employees a note. When I returned to the door and held it up, the man that looked at me with a blank stare had my license and made a 'one minute' hand gesture. He came over and slipped it through the crack of the door, he wouldn't even open the door or speak to me. I was highly annoyed, someone could have come to the door and acknowledged me and said they would get the license, but instead they were very rude. I made a trip way out of my way to get something that wasn't returned to me, and an honest mistake I am sure; but at the same time, I am very disappointed in the employees behavior.
1	Don't do business at this unethical business. My $25 savings account from 2009 was  recently stolen from $5 a month for "account inactivity" fees. They are a bunch of crooks.It appears you now need to nickle and dime your customers with BS fees in order to stay in business. Account closed.
1	Awful. I have been a member here for 16 years. Each account incurs a $3 monthly charge. The service is awful. The phone wait times are awful. Closing my account as we speak.
