5	We took the tasting menu* with matching wines and were just blown away by the quality of the food and drink; some unique and rare wines. ($150/person) Recommended without reservation as one of the best resto's in Montreal.*Tataki de thon rouge/ wakame / champignons honey, avec Morellino di Scansaon d.o.c., Poggio Valente Reserva 2005, Fattoria Le PupilleDorade royale/ poireaux aux langoustines/ ecume de mer, avec Napa Valley a.v.a., Viognier 2000, Joseph PhelpsFoie gras de canard/ courge sunshine/ truffe d'ete, avec Hermitage a.c., La Petite Chapelle 2004, Paul Jaboulet AineCochon de lait/puree de carotte au miso/compression d'epinards avec Echezeaux Grand Cru a.c., 2004, Domaine Jean GrivotPlateau de fromages d'ici et d'ailleurs, avec Alsace a.c., 2007, Domaine Marcel DeissLa gourmandise sucree avec Jerez d.o. Rare Amontillado Escuadrilla, Emilio Lustau
5	Excellent food, wine, and service. I strongly recommend the tasting menu.
5	Great food, excellent wine list and wonderful service. We did the tasting menu, but did our own wine choices (with the sommelier's advice) and had a fabulous, leisurely celebration.
4	Great modern french food with local ingredients.  Good service.Would definitely come back here again.  Every dish I tried here was expertly prepared and presented.They offer some great cheese assortments for dessert.
3	The Why:  Recommended by a Montreal contact when I inquired about a classy/classic French restaurant where I could take my mother and aunt without breaking the bank, La Chronique struck me as a great place to start off our dining in Montreal.  Knowing full well that my family does not have the same appreciation for haute-French as I, Chef Marc De Canck's take on provincial French seemed to strike a good balance between accessible and refined and with a convenient location on L'Avenue Laurier and a "business casual" lunch compared to the "jackets suggested" dinner destination I made a reservation for noon on a Monday.The food:Oregano Potato Bread, Nuts and Grains Bread, Cows Milk Butter and Fleur de Sel:  Complements of the house, served piping hot, and replenished without request the "nuts and grains" bread was as good as many pain au cereal in Paris while the potato bread was light, aromatic, and airy.Duo de Foie Gras de Canard / pain d'epices, puree de coing, gelee d'abricots:  My obvious choice, and a wonderful one at that, this presentation of Palmex Farm's fatted duck liver was presented both seared and en terrine.  With the warm preparation served over spiced bread quince puree and the creamy chilled portion topped with a thin piece of golden bread and brown sugar crumble there was nothing particularly elaborate about this dish, just high quality ingredients paired beautifully, the sweet cutting the fat and the aromatics perfuming the palate.Filet de Proc Fume / Polenta, Courgettes, Moutarde: My plat principal, this dish was suggested as our waitress' favorite and a chef's signature with good reason.  Again quite rustic in its construction but featuring an ample cut of lean pork loin smoked and placed over toothsome polenta tinged with mustard seeds the highlight of this dish was actually the jus - a pan reduction of bacon, zucchini, and cocoa that fit somewhere between sweet and savory thus working well to meld the pork and polenta without overpowering either.Onglet de Boeuf Angus / Salsifis, Choux de Bruxelles, Champignons:  A surprising order for my mother who rarely orders beef this was another hearty dish that would have fit nicely on any French bistro menu as the tender Alberta sourced hanger steak was cooked to medium well served over a sort of confit of Brussels sprouts and salsify with lightly pickled at the side.  With mom focusing on the steak, dense and aromatic with just a touch of smoke and char I particularly appreciated the sprouts - caramelized but still pungent and a good foil to the richness of the protein.Risotto vert-pre / Epinards, Edamamaes, Courgettes:  At first I thought my aunt was truly puzzled by my translation from French, but assuring us she wanted the vegetarian offering of the afternoon I must say it turned out quite nicely with the Carnaroli rice cooked to a medium tenderness in a creamy reduction of mushrooms and peas before being garnished with chopped zucchini, shelled edemame, and shredded spinach.  Rich, vegetal, and substantial in portion the dish was anything but light but considering I rarely associate risotto with French cooking I was rather impressed.Petit Basque Sheep's Cheese with Caramelized Nuts, Apricots, Grilled Bread: Listed only as a cheese plate on the menu this one was a bit of a letdown for me.  Don't get me wrong, I love Petit Basque, especially when nicely aged as this one was - but being in Montreal I couldn't help but hope for a local cheese and while the accoutrements were nice it just wasn't what I'd anticipated at a $6 supplement.Chocolate Profiteroles with sliced almonds:  A second bummer on the dessert menu were the profiteroles ordered by my mother - two small balls of admittedly nice choux pastry encompassing rather bland vanilla ice cream but thankfully topped with dense melted chocolate.  While admittedly not a fan of profiteroles to begin with the almonds were a nice touch, but not enough to save the plate.Valrhona Molten Chocolate Cake with Vanilla Ice Cream and Pineapple Mango Salsa, Caramel:  Another $6 supplemental dessert this one would actually prove to be worth the time, calories, and money. Beginning first with the cake - sticky, dense, and cooked to the perfect point to maintain the liquid center this oft duplicated dessert poured forth the dense 72% chocolate in plethora and although expectedly bitter the cocoa met an ample foil in the intense vanilla bean ice cream, sweet salsa and caramel, plus brown sugar crumble.The Verdict:  In the end I liked La Chronique well enough; the setting is lovely, the service excellent, and the prices fair for the quality (and more so the portions) given, but in comparison to the rest of our dining in  Montreal it was largely unmemorable.  A nice spot to enjoy a leisurely lunch or romantic dinner they certainly have the skills to make a classic French meal - I guess I'd just hoped for more creativity and better desserts given the cost of admission and supplements.
5	This resto recently moved across the street into a slightly larger slightly more elegant space, with a room upstairs for groups. Fortunately, the menu, staff, and wine cellar are unchanged.We had the tasting menu, seven superb little courses from amuse-bouche through mains, cheese,and dessert, with a carefully chosen glass of wine to go with each one. The staff really knows their wine, and the quality of the wine and food is quite amazing. It's very expensive, but well worth it for special occasions.
5	Wow! What a great find in Montreal! This restaurant doesn't show up much on reviews just yet... We found it recommended by Lesley Chesterman from Montreal Gazette. Absolutely fabulous food and wine selection! Wait staff were excellent, knowledgable  and very accommodating of my imperfect French. A pricey evening but well worth every cent. Will definitely go again when we are back in Montreal.
5	Went to La Chronique while on business in Montreal due to the stellar reviews on yelp.  My only regret is not doing the wine pairing with the tasting menu. The entire meal was great, the service was fantastic, and the atmosphere was nice and quiet. Will definitely plan another visit when I'm back in Montreal.
1	One of the worst experiences from a restaurant I've ever had. I made a reservation for mother's day and called two weeks in advance to make sure I had a spot. When I called, I told the host that I was a vegetarian, and asked if that would be a problem. He assured me that they had vegetarian options and it wouldn't be a problem on mother's day. For the next two weeks I was excited for my reservation. At 3 o'clock ON mother's day, I got a call from La Chronique, and was informed that nothing on their menu was vegetarian and they were unable to prepare anything. My reservation was at 7:30, they had given me 4 and a half hours notice that they couldn't do anything for me. I told the man I was speaking with that I had been assured there was something, and he really didn't seem to care. I then had to scramble to find a new reservation.I will never be making a reservation at La Chronique and will tell everyone I know to avoid this place. I'm shocked at how disorganized and rude La Chronique was.
5	Outstanding service and fabulous food.  It was so good we came back two nights later.
