4	Yum! I have been to this place twice already since it opened. The food is delish and the service was good. They're chips are obviously made in house (versus most of the other Mexican restaurants in the valley who get them delivered). They offer 3 kinds of salsa- their house mild salsa, a chipotle and a spicy tomatillo.  The salsas are good, the only downer is that they only provide one basket of chips, then charge for each additional basket after that. My family can go through salsa and chips in no time so this was a downer. On the contrary, the food seems to come out of the kitchen really fast (even for a Mexican restaurant) so we didn't notice the difference as much as we could have.I go the Plato de Mexicano. It consists of A cheese enchilada, beef taco and a red chile tamale. Served with refried beans for $11.95. A good sized plate. Everything was good, they don't have your run of the mill enchilada sauce which is nice. I have had the scallop and shrimp enchiladas (I believe it was a special). It was really good, served with a spicy fundido sauce, rice and beans. Someone else at my table had the Plato Burro which is a fresh flour tortilla filled with green chile, shredded chicken, beef or vegetables. Served with rice and beans for $10.95. She opted fir the beef and said it was awesome. I would highly recommend this place. About time we got another sit down Mexican restaurant in Fountain Hills. The only reasons I did not rate this place 5 stars was because of the chips and salsa issue and the fact that they have a TON of staff working there (we counted 20 lol) and we felt kind of rushed both times. It was nothing that our waiters did, just the vibe we got from so much staff running around. Don't let this hold you back. This place is worth it and is awesome and everyone we have interacted with has been super friendly. Enjoy!
4	Believe it or not, I'm not crazy about Mexican food. I think it started 30 years ago on my trip to Puerto Vallarta...ended my week there having Montezuma's revenge. I know it's not the food, but it didn't help. Celebrated my daughter's birthday there and she ordered the Chicken Fundido, my wife had the Mexicano and I had the tequila lime shrimp. The food was piping hot...I mean, when you took a bite, you had to swirl it in your mouth to cool it. The food was excellent. If you plan on dining there, call a couple of days in advance to make a reservation. Even though it's been open several months, on a week day, there are still patrons waiting 40-45 minutes for a table.
3	Simple, good enough Mexican food.  I can only imagine that AZ has WAY better Mexican food, as Kansas City has places that are leaps and bounds above this place...but it was tasty enough.We arrived around 7:00 and were one of the last tables to be sat before the whole place was full.  Our waitress was quick and attentive and got our drinks to us.  Margaritas were pretty standard, but slightly strong.  Bonus!Chips were stale.  They came out with three salsas: a spicy, DELICIOUS tomatilla sauce (which I loved, and I usually don't like tomatillas.  Pleasant surprise!), a mild salsa and a hot chipotle salsa.  The menu says chip refills are .95 cents after the first free basket, but our waitress took the basket and refilled it twice without asking us.  Hmm.  Not sure if that was added on the bill...mom paid (Heyo!) but she didn't say anything so maybe we lucked out.Our food took quite a while to get out, but I saw a guy carrying out HUGE trays full of plates out to the patio so perhaps we got in right behind those parties.  I ordered the tamales, but ordered two of the green chile variety, instead of one of those and a beef one, as the menu states.  These were...OK.  Lots and lots and lots of masa and barely any filling.  They were covered in a tasty verde sauce and some tasteless cheese.  Since this was technically an appetizer, I ordered a side of black beans (VERY yum) and guacamole (pretty fresh, but I'm an avocado-obsessed freak so I was going to like it either way) but I was so stuffed and only ate half of each tamale.This place was pretty standard and had some high points, but didn't blow me away.  Their patio would probably be very fun during a warm summer night.  Perhaps another trip!
4	The carnitas were a delight, good flavor and presentation with warm tortillas. The service was good.
4	Went here for the first time today and it was really good!  I'm a big fan of the one in Cave Creek, and although they don't have the spectacular patio that the Cave Creek location has, the food, service and atmosphere were still very good.  There were five of us for lunch; two had special orders (vegetarian meals), two people had the special (a fabulous stuffed poblano) and I had the steak fajita taco salad (also really good!).My first indication of a good Mexican restaurant is the salsa and they didn't let me down here, serving us three different types of salsa and a couple baskets of warm chips.  The service was fast and friendly.  A little too warm to sit on the patio but we checked it out afterwards and will definitely go back when the weather cools.So did I have anything negative to say about the place?  No, not really, actually.  It wasn't a WOW moment in Mexican food, but most definitely very very good and we'll be back.  And yeah, I think I'd go out of my way to come here again, not just a "as long as we're here we might as well go there" type of place.  Any of you who are loyal to the Cave Creek location, give this place a try...it's worth it!
3	Wednesday before Thanksgiving - packed. At first I thought it was going to be difficult as the waiter (server? - I gotta get the PC verbiage right) seemed a little high-strung. However, as the meal progressed he definitely became much more personable.I like the simplicity of the menu and the simplicity of the preparations. I had the fish tacos - it was a little strange that the two tacos came in separate tin foil packages on the plate....did they steam them that way, or simply prepare them and then put them in there to keep them warm? A tad disconcerting. However, they were good - the fish was flavorful - I just would have liked a little more of whatever was on the fish inside the tacos-was it sauce? Was it avocado? Was it sour cream or crema? No idea, but just a smidge more would have been good. The rice that came with it was so good I actually ate it....which I normally don't do with "regular" mexican rice. Had a smidge of a sweetness to counterbalance the savory.  It also came with black beans. I confess I didn't try them because I was full. The portions are not huge - which I find to be a good thing - they're just right.The chips are light.....not all that flavorful but fine. They are accompanied by 3 different salsas which are also fine. We ordered guacamole and it could have used a bit more flavor as well.The desserts are absolutely worth ordering. The fried cinnamon ice cream is the clear winner. Seriously - corn flakes on the outside forming the nice, warm crunch through to the cold cinnamon inside was amazing. The flan was good. The chocolate tamale with mint chocolate chip ice cream was good for a choco-holic but if you're not that, go with the fried ice cream.I'll come back when I'm in town with the folks again if they want Mexican food....
4	Great food and great service: Tip: you can order a side of Guac instead of the full appetizer if you don't need the full amount. Great Margaritas too!
4	Not for the calorie counter. Get the sampler plate and try all three salsas; they're all spectacular.  Also be sure to sit on the patio; very pretty out there.  Service was good, margaritas were eh, but that's fine.  And yes, the Chicken Fundido is to die for.  Amazing.  The sauce was spectacular to the point we found ourselves digging for chips just to scrape every last bit of sauce off the plate.We'll be back!
2	Blah..that's all I got...been here twice and will not be back....not sure when it became kosher to serve bland mexican food and cover it in cheese....perhaps because they are catering to the over 65 crowd in FH???Go to senor taco...the food is authentic, the people are friendly, and you will walk out with alot more money still in your pocket.
1	The one star is based on how the manager on duty tried to BS me into believing the dish I was served was the dish in the menu. I know what a stuffed chili is - that isn't what I was served. To the Manager's credit, after he determined that I was not buying his BS, he immediately asked what I wanted instead, and comp'd my portion of the bill. Overall I agree with others - the food was bland, boring, and not worth the time. I'll never go back.
4	Can't get enough of this place and after living 11 years in Az I have tried many Mexican restaurants.  Love the patio and the relaxing vibe (especially on Sundays) and the pollo fundido sauce.Have introduced friends to the Fountain Hills location and they are hooked too!
5	This is one of the best Mexican food places in the entire state. Fountain Hills is lucky to have this gem. They started in Cave Creek and expanded to three locations after building thousands of die hard fans. The chips and salsa will give you an immediate idea of the treat that is in store next. The Pollo Funditio and Carne Asada are magnificent. The seating is extra comphy too. To put it bluntly "I love El Encanto".
4	Great service and food. Pretty pricey though.
3	this review is based on two weekday visits, seperated by a time of six months. first visit, I was practically ignored by the bartender. the crowd was modest, easily could have been covered by one server or tender. my son spilled my modelo, and the bartender noticed the incident, went off to retrieve a washcloth and then never came back. I was sitting about 5 feet from the bar in the large table. I finally had to walk behind the bar and get the damn towel myself. and, she never did bring me another beer, as I requested. Plus: the menu for happy hour is limited, but the 3 taco sampler I got was mouthwatering. very very tasty, cooked right and appearance was 4 stars. second visit: enjoyed a warm welcome from the manager, seated promptly, again, happy hour menu did not dissapoint. still, the bartending staff here has their heads up their asses. too bad, as well, since they have great variety of real tequilas and decent prices for good mexican beer like Bohemia and Negra Modelo. the salsa variety is decent. when the weather is nice (7 months out of the year!) the patio is a great place to enjoy company who has passion for real mexican food OR a great place to bring your visiting friends and family. Food, atmosphere, staff 4 starsBartending skills, 2 stars
5	Food was delicious: Tequilla Lime Shrimp an the drink: Organic Carlos Santana Margarita..Amazing. Simply the best margarita I have ever had-Ever!
4	Yum. The green salsa is deelish. Beef tacos are yummy and the jalepeno relleno is fantastic. I'll be back.
5	Memorial Day.  Not knowing that almost all of the others Restaurants in Fountain Hills on a Monday, we called El Encanto.They promptly made reservations for our party.The waiter was sharp and the food was excellent.  We are blessedTo have this gem right here in our back yard.
3	We tried calling to make reservations this past Saturday, there were no greetings and the mailbox was full. So we got in the car and drove down there to find the place was all locked up at 6:00 PM. Didn't see any notices posted. We were saddened.
4	I went here for dinner since my friend said the the location in Cave Creek was one of her favorite Mexican restaurants in the Valley. However, living in Phoenix and Scottsdale, we decided to go to the Fountain Hills location. Plus, another friend lives there so it was a more central location for all of us. We arrived around 7 and it wasn't crowded at all, we got a table right away. We got chips and salsa to start which was perfect since I was really hungry with it being way past my dinner time. One of the girls got a pomegranate margarita and she said that it was really sweet but good. I got the fish tacos and they were delicious. Probably the best fish taco I've had. I was expecting some sort of fried fish, probably cod. I was pleasantly surprised that it was grilled and the two tacos came wrapped up in the foil pouch they were cooked in. It also had this really good sauce. The hard shell tacos that my friends got also looked really good. The shell looks homemade, fried, and super crispy. My friend asked for extra cheese which they brought out in a small dipping bowl. She was also charged extra for this. The tacos didn't come with that much cheese to begin with, so that's kind of a rip-off. The price isn't that cheap either, I would definitely say it's on the pricey side.  The atmosphere was just okay. I was reading how it's the most romantic location, etc. but maybe they're just referring to the Cave Creek location. All of the employees were nice and even took a group photo of us at the end since my friends were visiting from all over. I definitely want to go to the Cave Creek location in the future to see what all the fuss is about, but it'll definitely be more of a special occasion thing since it's definitely a hike from Scottsdale. In the mean time, I'll stick to my other local favorites for tacos.
3	This is about the best of Fountain Hills that we have found.  The beer is cold.  The service is decent-although the turnover seems high.  The chips are good, the salsa ok if you mix the mild and hot together.  The outdoor patio is pleasant.  The Pollo Fondido is OUTSTANDING.  I've tried a couple of other things but I always keep coming back to this.  I think they put crack in the cheese sauce.... addictive.
4	Stopped here for lunch and enjoyed our meals.The chile relleno and enchiladas were both very good.They have a nice outdoor patio area that is walled off from the parking lot.Service was good and they had a decent crowd for lunch that day.El Encanto and Sofritas are the best two Mexican/tacos/tapas spots in Fountain Hills.Will definitely be back.
5	My fiance and I came here on our day trip to Fountain Hills after reading reviews on Yelp. I am rating this place a 5 because of their extraordinary guacamole, pollo fundido, and green corn tamale. We ordered the sampler plate.  It was the perfect size for a couple to split for lunch and gives you a taste of everything.Their chips were really good - no grease or stale taste. The salsa came with three types: spicy, regular, and green. The green one tasted really fresh. The regular reminded me of a half italian/half mexican sauce - it was very addicting and unique. The spicy was fun because it wasn't too spicy and had texture to it. The food is great portion. The fundido is packed full of chicken with an amazing sauce. The tamales were moist and packed full. The guacamole was fresh and had great flavor. My fiance really liked the black beans. The one thing we didn't really eat were the fried jalapenos. We plan on coming back and bringing friends. I know I will have cravings for that green corn tamale.
1	Husband and I have been dining here since they opened this location. We both ordered the enchiladas and paid the extra $2.50 for adding beef and $2.00 for chicken. The beef enchiladas virtually had no beef. The chicken one was slightly better since did get 3 small bites of chicken. We are unsure if the beef was just cooked away in the process. They were blobs of doughy corn? tortillas with cheese. There were cold spots in the middle of my dish. Anyway, the meal was $37.00 bucks. Service was okay. We will not be going back again.
5	The dish called Pollo Fundido might be one of the best Mexican meals I have had in a long time. In this lunch size version for $7.99, you get a good sized semi-crisp burrito (only heated in the oven for a few minutes to melt the cheese on top) and it was filled with tons of glorious roasted white meat chicken, onions, peppers and spices. Served with a side of very authentic Mexican rice, the key to this dish was the mild Jalapeno Cream Cheese sauce that usually comes on top, but can be ordered on the side. This sauce is addictive and I say get it on the side so you can dip the chips and everything else into the cheesy mixture. Truly a great meshing of ingredients. Friend got a large carnitas burrito with rice for $7.99 and she had no complaints and lots of leftovers. They start you out with three salsas and free chips and since I'm more of a mild dude, I focused on the green, which was full of great flavor. None of the sauces were chunky style, but the medium also was good with a nice bite. Everything was quite tasty and they give you a pitcher of water which was nice because this was the 4th hottest day in Phoenix history. Also, even though the lunch specials are limited (chicken sandwich?), you can still get smaller portions of the dinner menu, but those choices are all over ten bucks. Go for the Fundido.
3	Mediocre, disappointed. Live music was too loud in that small space, couldn't speak to each other! Charged too much - charged for wine that we didn't get, after discussion it was removed from the bill...expensive extras like sour cream $1.50 guacamole. Not attentive staff. Too many kids working, they congregated at the post next to the door. Overall, overpriced.
4	We had a late lunch after biking. Everything was good, chips and salsa, guacamole..chips were fresh and warm. Chicken Fundido was very good, also Carnitas Tacos. I would give it 3.5 stars because waitress was a bit lacking in the greeting and personality. Overall good experience.
5	We really loved our time and dinner at El Encanto. The food is fresh and has a southwestern flair. Staff was informative. The outdoor area was an awesome environment.
5	Awesome salsa. Awesome margaritas. Awesome Mole. Highly recommend!! Everyone should go out of their way to eat here - I always do! I can't get enough! You will not regret it!!
3	Came here because I love the El Encanto in Cave Creek. I was looking for a closer option but, next time I will be making the extra drive to go to the Cave Creek location. This location was not bad but fell short on overall atmosphere and food quality compared to the Cave Creek location.
3	I'm probably not the best person to write a review for Mexican food, because I'm just not the biggest fan. Didn't grow up with it, so I don't crave it the way other people do. I've been to places that people tell me "are the best" and to me, they taste pretty much the same as every other place I've tried. What I do LOVE about El Encanto is the atmosphere and service. I've dined inside on a cold winter's night - and enjoyed the fireplace and live guitarist. And I've dined when it's warm, outside in the walled patio by the little pond. The service is always attentive and knowledgeable. I've taken people who say they know good Mexican food and they've said the food is delicious. And everything I've had has been good. Personally my favorite are the chips and salsas served free. The chips are always hot and fresh and the three salsas are super fresh and oh-so-good! I'm just not the right reviewer for the rest of it
5	Everything I could ask for in a Mexican restaurant. Amazing margaritas (not too sweet), tamales were delicious, and the fish tacos were some of the best I've ever had- and I've had a lot of fish tacos. Highly recommend!
1	we have been here twice since we wanted to give it a chance, we love the same restaurant in cave creek... Sorry to say this is a 2 time looser! The food is horrible and I mean horrible. I had fish tacos that were a joke.. tell me somebody where you hid the fish?? the flavor was not there and the carne asada my husband had was cooked like shoe leather even after he asked for it medium. There was no flavor at all and the side of rice was old and dried out. The black beans I had were so salty I only needed one bite to tell me these were heading to the garbage. It is worth the drive to cave creek to enjoy the atmosphere, delicious food, drinks and wait staff that made this restaurant popular "the original El Encanto!!
2	Friendly service. Got the fajitas. They were pretty bland. We got the fried ice cream for desert. It was either not fried or not fried this century. It was rock solid and was almost impossible to eat. All in allI would not return here.
4	Great local Mexican restaurant. Delicious good. This Encanto is a little smaller than the main one in Cave Creek, but they did a great job providing a unique atmosphere with their beautiful patio/courtyard. GET THE POLLO FUNDIDO. My wife gets craving for that dish! That with some roasted vegetables was enough for us to share. Highly recommend this locally owned gem of a Mexican food experience!
3	Pretty good! Too pricy for my liking but its good food. They used to charge for the second thing of chips and salsa. I love me some chips and salsa so that was a bummer.
5	LOVE this place! And, best of all, it's in my own town of F.Hills!Tried the recommended Pollo Fundido and was not let down. They used a very generous amount of chicken and was nicely made. Chicken was stringy and moist - perfectly done!Had 2 House (frozen) margaritas - sooo delicious! NOTE: I had a HORRIBLE hangover on Sunday from 2, yes 2, margs. Not to be snotty (well, I am a liquor snob, I guess), but they use Sauza tequila in their mix. No bueno. I had such a horrid headache that felt like I had 8 drinks.In the warmer months, enjoy patio seating in the back w/their relaxing fountain! Love that they have so much greenery around their patio.
1	Was really hoping the food would be decent... Not so much. Sent the house margaritas back... Tasted like bad cool-aid. The shrimp was over cooked & the lime sauce w/ it was too salty. My boyfriends dish steak telenovela was mediocre as well. Won't be back   Did enjoy the tomatillo sauce
5	We eat here every 6 months when were in the Fountain Hills area. You can't beat the mango margaritas and chili verde offerings. My wife had enchiladas that were tender and well crafted. The service on a slow Saturday afternoon in 100+ temperatures was, as usual, excellent.
4	100 chips and salsa later ( my fav 3 salsas), I still managed to finish the chicken enchilada. Good amount of shredded chicken, sauce, cheese. Comes with rice and beans. Like most other places, just good. I like that they have lunch portions. Good service too. A small bar if that's what you have in mind.
5	Now THIS is a Mexican restaurant! (Not just a glorified taco and burrito making machine!) Atmosphere is sophisticated but unpretentious. Great drinks, attentive service and OUTSTANDING sensitively prepared food. I had their seafood enchiladas and the shrimp and scallops inside were clearly fresh and delicious. Had flan for dessert, which was among the best I've ever had - - light and fluffy and not too syrupy sweet. I shall return!
5	EXCELLENT service from our waiter, Adam. Fajita chicken salad was THE BEST I've ever had!   Hubby had the recommendation from Adam, which was basically a burrito with a white sauce over it....he really enjoyed it.  Inside of the restaurant was very nice and the outside covered patio was beautiful with the pond. Highly recommended this restaurant.
