5	When my husband and I moved to South Phoenix from the Bay Area, we were used to having Asian food three or four times a week. In an average month, we'd get Thai takeout five or six times, have Chinese delivered, enjoy Vietnamese for a casual lunch, fill up on dim sum on a weekend morning, and splurge on tons of sushi and grilled fish/meat at a Japanese restaurant. Needless to say, since moving to south Phoenix, we haven't had Asian food with nearly as much frequency. Although we have found some great Asian restaurants outside of our area, our options within a 10-15 minute range have been limited to Canton Wong #8 (a good but standard to-go Chinese joint) and Sun Asian Kitchen (a Chinese restaurant that bills itself as fine dining but is low on taste and quality). Enter Pan Asia Sushi Chinese Fusion, which just opened this past week in the new center on the southeast corner of 24th and Baseline. We've been eagerly anticipating its opening but were afraid to get too excited. After all, it could have just as easily turned out as bad as Sun Kitchen. Based on the very generic name, we also feared that it might be some sort of buffet (as if we don't already have enough of those in this area!). Well, we tried the restaurant last night, and it totally blew us away! The place definitely has some kinks to work out - the timing of food service was a bit off (we got our Chinese entree before our sushi), the communication between the bus boys and the servers was a little off, and the menu was a little confusing - but the decor is thoughtful and attractive (we especially loved the crystal light fixtures and the patterned wash basins in the bathrooms), the employees are friendly, and most importantly, the food is freaking incredible! For our main dish, we ordered the Mongolian Beef ($9) off of the Chinese menu. Even though they had some much more interesting dishes (one that stood out was the Crispy Beef with Plum Sauce), we like to start with something simple so that we can determine whether the ingredients used are fresh. Well, Pan Asia passed the test on that count! The beef was literally the best quality beef I've ever had in a Chinese dish - it was tender and super-flavorful. We were left wondering if they used filet! The vegetables were also bright and fresh. Best of all, the brown sauce was spicy - it's rare for a Chinese place to have a brown sauce be spicy by default, but we loved the kick and appreciated that they didn't dumb the dish down for an Americanized palatte. As if the entree weren't good enough, our three sushi orders (Las Vegas Roll, Philadelphia Roll, and the Yama Roll) were made with fresh and high-quality fish, well-rolled (a lot of places don't bother to actually roll the rolls well!), and artfully presented. We especially loved the unexpected touches on the dishes - swirls of eel sauce, dots of mango puree, and thinly sliced scallions. If you're not into the sweeter, fancier rolls, you may want to avoid these rolls and stick with some of the basics on the menu (they have a large nigiri/sashimi section, as well as some simple/more traditional rolls), but we really enjoyed the more inventive rolls, and from the freshness of the ingredients in the rolls we ordered, I imagine that the simpler, more fish-focused sushi items would also be really enjoyable. We are so glad that this place opened in our area - now we can go to one spot and get both high-quality Chinese and sushi! This combination may prove useful for groups or couples with varying tastes. According to our server, a liquor license is coming soon. Since we love cocktails just as much as we love good Chinese and sushi, that's great news! In the meantime, though, we'll definitely be back as often as possible. Pan Asia isn't just good for the area - it's just plain good!
3	Visited Pan Asia for lunch on their third day of business.  I immediately liked the atmosphere- dark, yet colorful decor, handsome furniture and pretty wall furnishings, and large, welcoming space.  The menu listed apps, rolls, nigiri/sushi, lunch combos [aka bento boxes, which are comprised of soup, an appetizer (shumai dumplings), two small entrees, and a salmon salad], a Chinese lunch menu (stir-fries, fried rice, egg roll, etc.), and entrees.  After studying the menu and asking my server many questions, most of which she couldn't answer (since it was only the third day of service), I decided on having lunch combo #5.  Since I was hungry and due to attend a meeting an hour later, I asked her to list down a few of my food allergies in hopes of not having to send any food back (you know what's coming, don't you?).  I was waiting ten minutes before my server came around and asked me, with a smile and with pride in her voice, if I had heard her tell the chefs of which items to stay away from.  I suddenly had a sinking feeling that I may have picked the wrong day to try a new lunch spot (note to self: don't try newly-opened restos before any work-related meetings).Before this review turns into a novel, let me just say that while I enjoyed the crab puffs substitution (while one piece had a nice lump of cream cheese and crab mixture, the other was almost devoid of cheese; however, I LOVED the flavor of the fried pastry!) and the awesome salmon salad, I did not enjoy the Las Vegas roll (which I had to send back for a remake since the chef forgot to leave out the *).  The rice ended up feeling soft and mushy, instead of light and crunchy, from the frying process.  The yellowtail roll was tasty, but I ended up tasting that entree again while I was at the meeting, and yet again later on that night.  The singular flavor really wasn't as pleasing the second, the third, or even the fifth time, you know what I mean?I hope that the next few weeks help to improve both the service and kitchen staffs at Pan Asia.  I do hope that the wait staff take this time to sample the menu selections so that they would be able to aid customers in their selections.  Many of the offerings sound intriguing, and the salad really was a highlight.  I'd like to give the Chinese menu a try.  I also noticed a few Thai dishes, too!
4	This place definatly has the potential to be great!! It's already really very good. I went here once last week for an early dinner with a friend. We didn't know what to expect, but I had faith in fellow yelper Christine O. who knows get asian food. We entered the brand spanking new resturant and entered into the very fancy digs, for the southside - this place is faaaansheee!! lol! The only thing that ruined the ambiance for me was the lamanent flooring. Really? Lamenent, BAD lamanent? I would've preferred tile to that rugged rough looking wood like substance! Oh and the ladies room is AH-MAZING! I almost felt bad for using it! ... almostI sat down and took my time ordering, their sushi menu is a lil confusing... scary. To tie my friend over until we get a chance to order our "real" food, we ordered the lettuce wraps and they were ur standard wraps, but I did like the touch of fresh cilantro and their plum sauce. It was very nice. We then ordered the Orange beef and california rolls. Both came out quickly and were yummy! The orange beef was crispy and tender had this amazing sweet and spicy sauce! It was a homerun. The california rolls weren't anything special, but at $4 i'm not complaining! Their prices were very decent, the orange beef was $7 and the lettuce wraps were around $5. We were stuffed and needed a container for only $22!!  My ONLY complaint was there were a few bus boys who were standing around a table near ours and they were just staring at everyone as we ate. Very unnerving, I was THIS close to asking if they had a problem or something!Our server was VERY nice, he was very attentative and helpful - it was obvious this was his first gig as a server - but he was just the cutest and just wanted us to be happy, so I was impressed. I think that's the word that best describes our experience at Pan Asia Sushi Chinese Fusion - impressed. I was impressed by their look (for the most part, damned fake wooden floors!), their food and their service. I will definatly be back with more in tow! :)To my fellow yelpers, I hope you do go and give their sushi a try as well as their very yummy orange beef! Their dining area is a little on the cold side, so bring a jacket and enjoy the great food that is about to come your way!
5	This place recently opened, it is clear Pan Asia knows what they are doing... I have only been here once, but so far the only thing i question is how they can offer such great quality/quantity for the prices on the menu (low).  It doesn't seem like that can last...hopefully they don't read this and come to their senses...I had the lunch special sushi roll (it's simply called 'A' on the menu) with eel roll, salmon and spicy tuna roll which  came with soup and ginger salad with great dressing, it was ALOT of food, and everything was great.
4	I've been there about a dozen times for lunch in the short time they've been open. They have good food, but I was slightly disappointed in today's lunch. I don't believe I was supposed to get miso with my sushi combo lunch, but it was in my bag, so I shouldn't complain, but it was all broth. There was not 1 tofu cube or leaf of seaweed in it.The california roll crab meat was like the Krab salad you buy at a grocery store. The eel roll had too much sauce, which turned it into a sweet dish instead of contrasting flavors. The tuna roll also was mushy inside the wrap. The seaweed wasn't crispy.That being said, the value (specifically for lunch) is incredible. I had 24 pieces of sushi and miso soup with a small salad for 10 bucks. They have 6 sushi roll combos and 5 bento lunch combos for under $10. They also have very reasonably priced Chinese lunch combos (such as sweet and sour pork, fried rice and mongolian beef, $7.) I will try to post a picture of the go-box; it's amazing how much you get! (I ate one piece of eel roll on the way home because I couldn't wait.)The taste is still very good, but this trip wasn't as impressive as past trips. This may have been a bad day though. I'm still a regular here!
4	There's some good and some bad with this place.  Let's start off with the good.  Great food!  Great price!  Had my first outting to Pan Asia and was really digging the decor of the place.  Huge tv's over the bar... plenty of seating.  Lunch menu was good, ordered a "C".  Which pretty much was a spicy tuna roll, spicy california roll, and spicey salmon roll.  Lunch also came with salad and soup for just $9.  Also tried the crab-puffs...which to my surprise, had more crab then cream cheese.  They also have draft beers and bottle beers, though don't know about their draft beer cause it was being working on when we got there so I stuck with water. But overall the food was very good especially for that price.  Now let's talk about the bad.  For me the bad was the service.  Our server didn't seem like she wanted to be there at all.  Kind of like blah.  She wasn't mean, but she was kind of a drag.  She was also slow, the people around us called the manager cause they had been sitting there and our server never went over to them to get their order.  She needs to cheer up or maybe get a job where she can be all blah.  Maybe it was just a bad day for her.  Either way I'll continue to frequent Pan Asia and just make sure I sit in another servers section.
4	My friend, Sarah, and I went here. It turns out the Sushi Chef used to work in Sapporo in Scottsdale. He (Sushi Chef) left and worked for the owner of Pan Asia. I like it because Pan Asia 1 - Owned by a Jap/Chinese guy. Chef is from a Sapporo. So they have both experiences and Asian cultural. 2 - We went there on Tuesday night at 6 pm. The restaurant is half full. So it is an "okay" busy for a new sushi restant on a week day.  Can you image if it on the weekend?! It would be busy.  And the reason I want to point out is the busier the sushi restaurant gets, the more fresh fish they are going to have :) Over all, I love it.
3	I went back to Pan Asian becuase I had a great experience there and loved it... and was looking forward to coming back. My sister took my cousin and I there for a lil spring semester kick off dinner... just cute huh? Yeah, we got there and I realized they raised their prices.. can't blame them on that - their prices at first were CRAZY cheap! *sigh* the good ol' days! :P We got the same waiter, who used to be so eager to please and energetic... had apparently grown into his own and is now semi arrogant. I unno, I don't like waiters with attitude. Boo on him for that. We looked over the menu in the VERY dark dining room in one of their cozy booths. The ambiance is very sleek and modern and seriously I dug it all... except for the food porn being displayed from an LCD TV hung over the dining room. The changing photos showed different dishes, chinese and sushi and even has one of some asian taking a self portrait. lol... hardcore myspace profile pic! :PMy cheif complaint is the timing. My sister ordered the orange chicken, my cousin ordered the 4 king fried rice and I ordered the Tempura chicken with spicy plum sauce... and each came to the table at a very different time! Which was soo odd because there were only three tables filled that night.... wtf?! I believe it was a famous chef by the name of bourdain that said that the cardinal rule of resturants is that everything must come up TOGETHER! My cousin was practically full by the time my chicken hit the table. And so at the end of the meal they were pretty much just watching me eat. yeah, that sucks. The 4 king rice was spicy!! and the orange chicken was very ordinary and my tempura chicken with plumb sauce?? well, in a word... disappointment. first of all, the menu said tempura... and that's not what I got... it was obviously dreddged in panko and then deep fried. I didn't mind the coating, I just wish the dish was true to the menu. And then, the menu said that it was spicy... the lil astric lied!! LIED i tell you!! Becuase what I got was NOT spicy at all!! I wanted the FIRE! I wanted it to hurt! but nooo... all I got was a sickly sweet syrup poured all over my once crunchy panko crusted chicken. boo... Normally I would like this sort of dish... I like sweet chinese food - honestly... but that night I wanted FIRE and spice and the menu said it was spicy... but nope... again, the dish wasn't true to the menu.I informed the waiter of my disappointment to which I had hoped he take it back to the kitchen... but no, he dryly offered to bring me some chili oil and paste... almost calling my bluff. I looked him dead in the rimless glasses and said "bring it!" and the I wound up channeling my salsa alchemist yet again the one bred at Tradiciones and I got my asian hot sauce alchemist on! I poured a good amount of both sauces and finally... I was in spice heaven. I think good food is like good sex, you have got to be willing to work a little and be a little sore the next day for it to be good... but just like sex... sometimes what you think you're going to get isn't what ends up in your mouth. Sad but true... and just like sex... sometimes things don't come on time and you end up putting in more work just to walk away satisfied. All the while, porn is flashed above the scene reminding me of the goodness I'm not experiencing.Yup... Pan Asia... just like sex... bad sex!
2	Not very many sushi restaurants hold happy hours (my top two faves, Sakana and Kyoto, do not), and those that do usually disappoint (w/ the exception of Tempe's Sushi 101- please read my review!).  When I read, and heard, that Pan Asia offered happy hour, I couldn't wait for my short day at work, Tuesday, to roll (pun intended!) around so that I may go check it out.  It is with displeasure that I am only able to rate my experience there with 2 stars.Firstly, the happy hour menu (select apps for 1/2 off) is very limited:Crispy spring rolls; normally 2 pcs $3Crispy crab puffs (this should really read "krab puffs"); 6 pcs $4 Chicken pot stickers; 6 pcs $5Spicy chicken wings; 6 pcs $6     (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kWkW6vVePpBox_fKfGgPjQ?select=YH81hCqvvD4-1rzU6VSEJQ) (Also, $1.50 off wine and beer selections.)Secondly, after reading the HH menu, I had to wonder if I was actually at a sushi bar and not sitting at a Chinese-southwestern joint.  I mean, where are the $2-$4 nigiri and sushi roll selections??  After glancing at the "Tofu and Vegetable" menu and spotting a couple of delicious-sounding veggie items (such as Garlic sauteed asparagus), I said to my server/bartender that it was a shame that PA didn't offer vegetable tempura as a HH selection.  She said that they're still working on it.  After food allergies (spring rolls, pot stickers) and personal preference (only eat real crab, not imitation), I chose the spicy chicken wings app (3 pcs $3) and a spider roll ($10).  If I had a chance to do it all over again, I would pass on the wings.  I guess I was expecting delicious crispy-fried Chinese chicken wings.  Yes, I knew it would be more like buffalo wings (the menu did say "spicy"), but I guess I was secretly hoping for wings you'd normally find on traditional Chinese menus.  Also, buffalo wings and spider rolls really don't go well together (which is why I found the HH menu so baffling!)  As for the spider roll- I liked the soft-shelled crab. Thick-battered, perhaps a tad too much, nicely-seasoned, and definitely made me think I was getting a good-sized portion of crab meat.  (I was hesitant in ordering a 5-pc. spider roll at $10 a pop, and when I saw the product, I didn't feel half-as-bad.)  Aside from the lackluster rice (I'm not kidding, the rice had ZERO flavor- just sticky, white rice), the roll was alright.  It's nice to know that the chefs are willing to work around my allergies, but I don't know if I'll be visiting anytime soon... a sushi restaurant must offer great-tasting sushi rice.  After all, sushi is Japanese for "vinegared rice."So, I implore the owners and chefs to please improve upon the flavor of the sushi rice!  Only then will I come back to try the rest of your sushi offerings, especially those under the "Special Sushi, Sashimi & Roll Combo" menu.
2	I went here after being picked up from the airport with my roommate. She had been to a happy hour here before and liked it so I said, "sure, lets go."The atmosphere was nice, but I should have heeded my own hesitation about the name of this place. I usually steer clear of any pan Asian offerings because no one can do all Asian cooking well. I rather have one cuisine that someone done right then a pan Asian place with so-so everything. This place ended up just being that. Their non-happy hour menu is a tad on the pricey side with smaller rolls and fewer pieces for what I've come to expect for the price point. Oh, and there is gratuitous use of eel sauce. Holy cow! Everything that had eel sauce just tasted like it was drowning in a sea of eel sauce. This place is just alright.
5	We've been back to Pan Asia for happy hour, dinner as well as take-out probably 5-6 times since I wrote my initial review and my positive opinion of the place hasn't dwindled one bit. Here are four reasons why I still love it just as much:1. They now have a full bar and they mix up a great drink. Every other Sat, it's 2-4-1 drink night which means that you can get two top-shelf margaritas w/ Patron for $12. Awesome. 2. They keep adding new and interesting dishes to the menu. They've recently added some Thai-inspired dishes, including a delicious Thai Chow Fun with seafood. We've also had good luck with their sushi specials such as the NY combo. They're always inventive and fresh. 3. They now have 50% off food on the Saturdays that they don't offer the 2-4-1 drinks.4. The prices. I absolutely do not think that this place is expensive given the consistent excellent quality of the ingredients used. On a Saturday night with the 2-4-1 pricing, my husband and I had four drinks, 2 chinese entrees, and 3 sushi plates here for under $80. Try getting that at any place in Scottsdale. Of course, you could get cheaper sushi elsewhere but you would sacrifice quality as a result. The only thing I really wish they would work on is the timing. When we order both sushi and Chinese, I'd like to get the sushi first as a default. I'm sure many other people agree.
5	After 3 visits I'm convinced this will become one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in Phoenix.  Three visit and have loved everything I have tasted and the service and has always been excellent. This is a great addition to South Phoenix.
3	Was enticed to have dinner here when one of the owners mentioned that on the 14th and 28th of this month the restaurant features 50% off.  Don't know if this is every month... I thought it would be 50% off everything on the menu, but upon arrival was given a menu with a few items that are 50% or almost 50% off.  I asked her if they use rice wine vinegar for their sushi rice, and she said yes.  I was quite hopeful to see if they've improved on it!The restaurant was busy, and there were at least three sushi chefs busily working the sushi bar.  I usually try to dine at sushi counters of Japanese restaurants, but the seats here are too low for me to enjoy the experience.  Measuring at 5'0", I know I'm a shrimp, but the counter here is too low for ANYONE to be able to watch the chefs in action, so after trying one more time to sit there tonight, I got up immediately and sat at the bar.After studying the menus and asking questions, I finally settled on the Norway Pepper Salmon (reg. $5, now $3) and The Bomb (reg. $15, now $9).  The restaurant was quite busy- it took at least 25 minutes before the two-piece salmon sushi arrived.  The presentation was quite pretty, with an orchid and a couple of sauces (pineapple and raspberry) for garnishes, but the sauces did not add anything to the flavor of the salmon.  I was quite hopeful that the rice would be much better this time- I met another owner, John, who told me that he'd read a review on a blog where the reviewer mentioned something about the rice.  However, the rice tasted just like it did on my second visit.  He did come by to inquire about the rice and said he'd try to find out what the problem was.Since I found "The Bomb" (35 minutes or more wait-time) under the the Sushi/Rolls menu (the description stated "baked spicy scallop with salmon wrapped spicy tuna"), I expected to see rice in this dish, but the presentation was neither in sushi- nor hand-roll fashion, just said ingredients.  No matter- I still enjoyed it- so many textures here!  I loved the plumpness of the scallops.  I particularly liked how they weren't chopped into tiny pieces like I've experienced them in other venues.  I didn't find the tuna to be spicy at all.  It was, however, served tartare-style, and so added another textural component to the dish.  The salmon pieces were beautiful to behold and sliced thick, yet were velvety-smooth on the tongue and melted in my mouth!  Very fresh-tasting; no fishy aftertaste at all.I also ordered the Pan Asia Beefsteak and Grilled Salmon entree under the Chinese menu (reg. $26, now $13) to go.  While I detected cornstarch in the sauces that covered them, I did find the couple of beef pieces, nicely peppered, and the sliver of salmon I tasted to be delicious!  Definitely something worth checking out on the 50% price-plan.  I did find it strange that this entree didn't come with rice, either; instead, orange slices were wedged between the salmon and the beef.  BTW, I was able to taste a little bit of the green tea ice cream served here... it is EXQUISITE!  I was tempted to order some for take-out...  From what I gathered, the dessert costs $6 and is served with a warmed banana, a sauce, and whip cream.  A single scoop will set you back $4.
3	What can I say about this place that hasn't been said before. I've been here twice and had delicious plates. I tried the Orange Chicken and Sweet & Sour Pork Chops. Both plates had good size chicken pieces, pork with fresh green peppers, onions, carrots and pineapples. To me the Orange Chicken should taste like that. When I ordered the sweet & sour pork chops the waitress came back and said you know its a pok chop. Ummm... Yeah, thats why I orderd it. Imagine country fried steak, thats what the pork chop looked like. My sis let me try one of her Spicy Tuna Sushi, which was spicy, for me.The environment is very modern, low light settings (gives off an intimate vibe of privacy.), table space will used and the bathroom sinks are cool.
2	Went here on a Saturday night and waited over an HOUR for some sushi!! Everyone at my table ate were served their food and my sister was already done with hers by the time I got my plate! But the sushi was good... but an HOUR?! WTF?! NOT COOL!!!
3	I was sitting at work wondering what the heck to eat for lunch. I hopped on Yelp, popped in my work addy and did a search. After getting a few results, I settled on trying Pan Asia. I hopped in the g-ride and headed over. When I walked in to this strip mall location, I was very surprised. This was modern and sleek decor with flat panel TVs and cool music bumping over head. Wow! I decided to sit at the bar for my meal. I was STARVING so I chose to go with the deluxe sushi combo. I was just drinking water and had to trouble 2 people to finally obtain a lemon for my drink. It was a slight annoyance. When my plate arrived, I was delighted by the presentation. On the platter were 2 pieces of yellowtail , a salmon a tuna, a black pepper tuna and the dish usually comes with 8 pieces of spicy tuna roll, but I asked for spicy yellowtail instead. I was so glad that I was starving! The quality of the fish at Pan Asia is so-so. It isn't bad, but it's not without a bit of aftertaste and certainly isn't the highest quality. Again, you won't get sick, or you won't be horrified by the sushi, it's just middle grade. On my second visit, I got to try the "Fire Roll" which is a California roll inside, sauteed garlic shrimp all covered with eel sauce and Bacardi 151 lit on fire. It makes a great presentation and is very tasty for those who don't enjoy raw fish. I would highly suggest this place for run-of-the-mill sushi. I would especially suggest it for those who are with fellow diners who do not eat sushi as Pan Asia offers a full menu of Chinese cuisine. I know that Pan Asia will become one of my regular lunch spots for a quick sushi fix!
2	Wow what a disaster this place was for my first time and last time. I should have known better to have ordered sushi from a place that can't decide weather or not they want to be a sushi place, a Chinese place or pan Asian fusion. The service was great, they were very attentive about the problem and did what ever they could to try to convince me to come back. But it was a little over board at times and made something small into a huge incident. I ordered sushi, big mistake! I should have stuck with my ice tea. I asked if they had toro and they said they did. I like to try toro from different places since it is a great judge of character for the rest of the sushi, also based on the spicy tuna. I also ordered salmon since it is something hard to mess up. Let's being, first I received my plate and there were my three orders. I looked at it close and was very confused. The waitress noticed this as well, she asked me why I was looking at it like I never seen sushi before. Well to start, the toro was not toro, it wasn't even a fatty grade big eye or even blue fin which sometimes can be very fatty and passed as toro by some places. This my friends was normal tuna, red in color and not the best cut either. There was a huge tendon going through the two pieces of nigiri I ordered. The salmon had black speckles of something on it, looks to be pepper or something, which tells me the chefs hands might not have been clean. I didn't even want to look at the roll at this point. I sent it back saying I don't want the tuna since it was obviously not toro. The waiter took it back and the chef threw a fit saying it was toro. Obviously not a very experienced chef, he must have thought since it was a belly cut (judging from the tendon) from a yellowfin or big eye tuna it must be toro right? Oh and the staff for not knowing their own product, how can a chef, manager and wait staff not even know the sushi they sell? Its something that is supposed to bring in the most profit for them and yet they are uneducated in it. All in all, my experience there was something that was very offending. The chef assuming that because he says it is what he says it is it must be, not everyone is a beginner sushi eater and looks like they take advantage of the locals in the area of their inexperience and have done this before.You never know who could be your next customer, a critic, a yelper, a sushi connoisseur or even a fellow chef looking for a quick bite to eat while helping a friend move. Hopefully they will have learned from this and change things up but I won't be back to find out.
1	Ok used to love this place when it first opened, key word used to.I will keep it short and simple the servers don't even know what is in a california roll. I always order a cali with all of my sushi because I find it refreshing, everyone knows that everywhere you go a california has crab avacado and cucumber. Well apparently not this place our roll came out and the sever fed us this line about how they were not putting cucumber in the roll anymore because it was cooked............. I know it made no sense to me either. I worked in a real sushi bar for many years so I know my suff, it is sad to me when I have to tell the servers what should be in a california roll. I am over this place.
4	I'm so glad we decided to give this place a try. I'm not usually a big sushi eater, but I decided to give some a shot and was pleasantly surprised! The flavors in the two different varieties we ordered was fantastic. We then split an order of the Mongolian Chicken and it was delicious. The chicken tasted fresh, unlike some other Asian restaurants we have been to. The atmosphere was very hip and trendy and our waitress was a blast! We will ABSOLUTELY be back!
4	This has become on of our family favs!  For the last 2 months, they have had 50% off their entire menu (including sushi) on the weekends which makes it a very affordable night out for the 4 of us.  The sushi is great and we have tried quite a few things there.  The fried rice and main dishes are all quite tasty as well.  I have also taken some clients there for lunch and they came back with their co-workers which all loved it.  The staff is very nice and the restaurant is very clean.  I also like that it isn't as loud as some of the other sushi places around town so you can actually talk.So why did I give it a 4 and not a 5?  Sometimes they take a long time to check on you or bring the food out.  They are quick to bring the food out at lunchtime (which is good when you need to get back to work) but dinner can take a while.  The booths are kind of strange - the table isn't really the same shape as the booth so you are sitting far from the table (quirky I know, but true nonetheless).So in a nutshell, Pan-Asia is a great bang for the buck.  The food is good and it is easy on the wallet.  And great for kids - we take our kids there and they love it.
1	Wow, nearly a year ago I had dinner with my husband at Pan Asia.  The brothers worked the Sushi bar then.  We were introduced to their flare of Sushi and loved it. They greeted who ever walked in and sold their special that day. Today, the brothers are gone and so is their Sushi flare.   The customer service isn't much to appreciate either.  Well the 50% discount on the Chinese food is something to look forward to.
3	Not bad. Good selection of rolls. I only got to try the Scottsdale and some other special sashimi. Definitely filled me up. They were very friendly too. Would try again for the other sushi rolls.
4	Want chinese and sushi for lunch but you are on a budget?  Well here you can have great tasting las vegas roll with some bomb orange chicken for $6.99.  You can't beat that price.  normall las vegas rolls cost between $7-$10 by themselves.  You also get a great tasting salad with some great house dressing.  They have other great lunch specials and variety.  Looks like a great hang out spot, great atmosphere.  I wasn't extremely full and wasn't hungry either, just satisfied.
1	OK, buyer beware!! We have been frequenting this place for over a year but the service is so hit or miss...recently we had purchased a gift certificate from restaurant.com and decided to redeem it. When we tried to redeem the certificate at the beginning of our order, the waitress acted strange and went and got the manager. She was very rude and acted like we were trying to rip her off and said that they no longer are with that company. I said that is fine, but why aren't you honoring the certificates already purchased. She acted like she was doing us a favor by directing us to their happy hour menu or she would give us 10% off our meal. What a rip off!!!!
3	Why would you go at a time other than the 50% off I want to know?  I wish it was the whole menu and not just part of it.  The prices are fair and the food was pretty good.  The ambiance was way nicer than I expected.
4	Pan Asia is one of Phoenix's hidden jewels. Tucked away in a strip center on 24th & Baseline, Pan Asia is a great alternative to expensive, trendy sushi joints. I eat sushi at Pan Asia at least every other weekend and can say that Pan Asia's sushi is just as good if not better than RA. Not to mention cheaper, especially if you go there on one of their half off Saturday's or during happy hour. I feel like Norm from Cheers when I go there and the staff is very friendly. Their friendliness is what you should come to expect from a family run restaurant. I especially like John who is hilarious. If you get to know John he will keep you laughing the whole time you are there and will make sure your drinks are never empty. I highly recommend the Fire Roll, a California roll with a nice sized sauteed shrimp on top drizzled with a sweet and mildly spicy sauce surrounded with Bacardi 151 that they light on fire to create the ultimate sushi experience. For tuna lovers, go with the Sama Roll which is a spicy tuna roll topped with a black peppered spiced slice of Ahi. Hope this review helps and if you are in on a Friday or Saturday night I'm sure you'll see me there. Can you pick me out???
3	Had a chance visit Pan Asia this past Saturday after our 5.5 mile hike up South Mountain.  My sister and her bf raves about this place so we decided to lunch here at noon.I liked the look and feel of the restaurant on the inside.  The place sort of feels trendy and reminded me a bit of the restaurants I used to frequent in L.A.  We requested a booth for our group of four and were seated pretty quickly (the table was way too high for the booth).  At noon on a Saturday, the place was halfway full.  We found out that all food was 1/2 off regular prices on Saturday (dine-in only), so that excited me.  We ended up ordering the following items:* Crispy Crab Puffs ($4/$2) - these little triangles of fried wontons filled with cream cheese and "crab" were delish...according to the others at my table.  I didn't try any, so can't attest the taste.  * Crispy Tofu ($6/$3) - deep fried tofu cubes served with their supposed-to-be-spicy sauce.  Although not spicy, the sauce was awesome...think dark soy with caramelized sugar.  This was my fave dish.  * Fire Roll ($15/$7.50) - A California-style roll topped off with their sauteed shrimp in a special sauce, with a Bacardi ring around the plate, which was lit by the waiter at our table.  The show was the best part of this roll.  CA rolls are so boring, and although the sauteed shrimp tasted good, it tasted exactly like the walnut shrimp dishes I've had at other restaurants.  (see photo)* Japanese Lasagna ($10/$5) - A crab and avocado roll with cream cheese spread on top and baked until melted.  Call me crazy, but when I saw the name of this roll, I expected to see some pasta tossed with a wasabi-based sauce.  * Las Vegas Roll ($8/$4) - Eel, "crab", avocado and cream cheese roll that's dipped in batter and deep fried.  These were decent, but what fried item isn't?  * Chicken Fried Rice ($7.95/$3.98) - this was delicious!  They included many pieces of juicy chicken pieces.  The rice was fried perfectly...not greasy at all.  This and the deep fried tofu were my fave items.The bill came to $27 (pre-tax and tip), so we felt we got a great deal.  The rolls are a bit on the skinny side, but not indecently so.  Their menu is pretty vast, so I'm looking forward to going back and trying other dishes...especially the Chinese items.
4	We have been meaning to try Pan Asia for some time now, but didn't get around to it until last night, and I am glad we did.  Location is great for us as it's on the way home and has lots of parking.  The dinning area is comfortable and not crowded at all. The food was very good and I look forward to trying more of the dishes they offer.
3	I love happy hour, but it always seems to come and go too early for me to get my friend Jason B. out to dinner. So  when we find out a reverse happy hour, we have to go try it!We walked in to Pan Asia at the start of reverse happy hour and we were greeted like they have never seen people in their lives. The hostess proceeded to tell us that they haven't seen anyone in a few hours. As we had pick of the restaurant we picked the best booth and sat back to enjoy some Sushi and Chinese food. We ordered a few rolls, the Spicy Tuna was disappointing and nothing to rave about. The Lasagna roll was creamy and cheesy and very yummy! The Grand Canyon roll was one of the best rolls I have had in a while.We also ordered a noodle dish, Pan Asia Pan Fried Noodle, crunchy noodles with lots of good veggies and seafood. Very tasty.The service was as good as can be expected for a young boy server, although I had to wait a while for a refill, which is extremely annoying when you have a restaurant to yourselves!I just worry that the prices, which unless on Happy Hour or Reverse, seem a little high. $14 for a sushi roll, no matter how good, is just too expensive. And the fact that they don't have a ton of customers...maybe just a slow night? I hope this place makes it. The owners obviously put a lot of money into it!
1	I've been meaning to downgrade my two original glowing reviews for some time now and just haven't had the heart/time to do it. I've been back to Pan Asia probably 3-4 times and each time I feel like I'm climbing up a hill that's getting progressively muddier. And no one at Pan Asia seems to throw me a lifeline, or even notice that I (they?) are slipping BIG-TIME. Sushi fish that used to be fresh no longer is, Chinese food that used to be a few steps up from take out is now barely passable (the fried rice is notably disgusting), drinks now take forever to be delivered, the gap between the sushi and Chinese delivery has grown into a chasm and worst of all, the service is schizo and un-apologetically so. I shouldn't have to make it look like I'm going to walk out without paying to get someone to come to my table. Pan Asia owners/managers, this is my advice to you: Stop focusing on creating a thousand different confusing specials (Who can keep track of things like "Chinese is 30% if you come between 5:15 and 5:30 but only if you take it to go after purchasing a drink at the bar"?!) and trying to be everything to everyone and go back to your roots. Produce quality sushi and hot entrees that are well-timed and focus on giving great service, and then people like us (who actually are willing to pay full price for food) won't be so damn turned off.
3	Went here for dinner and wanted sushi, but noooo way! Way overpriced compared to their lunch menu. Ended up ordering Chinese food instead. It was pretty good and cheap. My only complaint was that they gave the smallest scoop of rice. Couldn't they tell I was half Asian? I need a scoop of rice with every bite I take! LOL! Definitely go during lunch for the sushi bento deals.
1	12 months ago I would have lit up all the stars for this place. But just like Christine O. said - it's gotten progressively worse! When this place first opened I ordered at least once a week. The sushi was incredibly fresh and flavorful. One of the last time's I ate there, I ordered for everybody at the office - we all got food poisining from the sushi. 4 months later (today) I decided to try it again. I ordered a tootsie roll and their "crispy" tofu. The roll had absolutely NO flavor and was mushy. The "crispy" tofu was raw. The breading was raw, the tofu was raw. Not sure what happened there guys.. but I had to throw my entire $15 lunch away. Also, I noticed both sushi chefs whom I loved were not there.. maybe it was their day off... maybe not.
4	Forget RA, this place is amazing. The only place that comes close is Kyoto all the way out in Scottsdale. If you want quality and are serious about your sushi- raw, baked, fried, rolled- whatever. Go here. It prices are higher than Kyoto(non-happy hour times), but the perk here for us it is local and tastes just as good. More stars for this place! We come from Cali where the Sushi is killer. It has taken us a year to find a decent joint in Phoenix- and here it is. Irrelevant: Chill atmosphere, not like a "hot night out"... get over it the food is soooo good. Just a jab:  If you want to bump and grind while you chow on low quality overpriced raw fish go to RA.Bottom line- Quality sushi. No obnoxiously loud music. A bit pricey.
3	We came here on a Saturday night because they had a 30% off thing going on, which is always nice.  The sushi selection is pretty limited, so if you're looking for sushi alone you might want to find someplace with a larger menu.  The sushi that we did get was pretty good though, well made and flavorful.  The entrees are also pretty standard Chinese fare, but were also pretty good.We were pretty underwhelmed by the service though.  Our waitress seemed inattentive and missed out on a lot of the little things like making sure to put the plates on the table where you can reach them rather than having to lean all the way across.  It is possible she was merely new and didn't know what she was doing, but overall I got a somewhat unprofessional vibe from the rest of the staff as they just kind of stood around shooting the breeze.I was also surprised that they charged for an extra serving of rice with the entree; every other place I have been too does not charge.  Overall, pretty good food, less than stellar service.  I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come back, although the prices were pretty good and that might help to make up for it :)
4	Love their sushi...went to ra on a sunday and was so disappointed, my bf and his friends decided to go grab some asian food at pan asia the following day and when we all got to pan asia their happy hour menu was telling us to do sushi!  We decided to test out the sushi before we full on ordered and we were pleasantly surprised, WAY better than Ra (we spent $145 the night before) and at pan asia we walked away with a $50 bill and much happier tummies from our sushi experience.  I've had their chinese dishes and they're pretty good too,  I wasn't a fan of shrimp being in the hot and sour soup but I didn't let that get in the way.  :)
1	So after not dining here in a couple months, I decided to give it another chance and took my sister for sushi. Such a horrible idea, complete waste of money. We ordered 5 rolls between us. The vegas roll (which is usually pretty good) was soggy, the lisa lisa roll was much too sweet, one of the other rolls was fishy and all of them were falling apart. They put everything on one plate, so half the rolls were covered in the sweet sauces from the lisa lisa, it did not mesh well at all.It also took a good 25 minutes to get our sushi, when there were only 2 other parties in the whole place. On the up side, we actually got a waiter who wasn't absolutely horrible. He wasn't good enough to make up for the meal though.
3	Drive past here a few times a week, thought I'd give it a go. I've decided that their Chinese food is really good... their Japanese food, not so much. I ordered a chicken dish and my friend got some sushi. My chicken was very good, the sushi was alright. Nothing special and it took a very long time. If you go here, I recommend skipping the sushi on the menu.
1	When you leave a restaurant wondering when Gordon Ramsay will come bursting through the doors to scorn the frozen reheated calamari, the warm, parasitic fish, or the wilted parsley used to garnish the plate, you KNOW you're in trouble.Where to begin? I knew the minute that the calamari arrived that this would be a negative experience. It was over-cooked, obviously of the frozen bagged variety, served with mae ploy. We were brought some fresh lemons which did help. The service wasn't terrible, but I was called "honey" all night long by someone about my age.We ordered the Arizona roll, Spicy Tuna roll, Eel Tempura roll, Rainbow roll, and the Sex on the Beach roll. All of which had too much rice, to little seasoning, and low quality ingredients.The worst was the Eel tempura. It tasted burnt, like it had been fried in bad oil. The Rainbow was next up, warm, disgusting so that we didn't eat it. The Sex on the beach (spicy with raw scallops and siracha), wasn't so bad, because I love spicy food. It was spicy enough that you couldn't taste the poor ingredients. The other two were just nasty-too much imitation crab, too much cream cheese, too much old cucumber, and warm, gelatinous looking fish. GROSS.We like to sit at the sushi bar and it was so low and small- obviously so you can't see what the sushi chef is using for your rolls! Not the best ambiance. Save yourself time and money. Don't be fooled by their tempting "discounts"- $10 a roll (after 30% off)  is outrageous for the quality.I can't comment on the drinks because we stuck to water. They don't have Saturday drink specials.I will stick to my old standbys Kyoto or Sakana. Cheap, fast, and more delicious than any sushi I've had in the Phoenix area. If you want all the glitz and glam, go to Ra or Blue Wasabi. So what if you have to drive 30 more minutes.
3	Mediocre food, and slightly better than mediocre service.  We went here last week for our first time in at least six months and it was pretty much the same as before, but with a different server and slightly less creative plating of the rolls.  Pan Asia is pretty much the same as any other sushi bar, but more family friendly and generally lacking in good drink specials.
5	WOW!  this place is amazing!  for $6.99 you can get their lunch special - a Chinese entree and a sushi roll.  and the quality is superb!  the Twist roll was seriously the best roll I have ever had, and I have had plenty!!  I highly recommend this place for lunch!!
4	Wow, I'm actually really surprised to see all of the negative posts here!  We recently moved back down to SoMo and have eaten at Pan Asia about half a dozen times since August.  I've never had a bad food experience at this place and tonight was no exception! Our favorite things to order are the Crispy Tofu (melts in your mouth with an awesome Kung Pao sauce), veggie fried rice and their Las Vegas Rolls.  I've had several sushi dishes here and they were all great, no issues with freshness.  The decor is nice and its a pretty big place with a nice bar.  They always have good coupon deals and a nice happy hour.  This would be a great place to meet friends after work or catch a game because they always have the sports channels on.  Not to mention they are open pretty late even on weekdays.We have always had friendly service, although on one occasion they were obviously short a server so the hostess was helping out which made things a bit slow - but this happens at every restaurant at least once.  The chef even offered to make us Mu Shu vegetables one night after we inquired if we had missed it on the menu.  I always leave this place having eaten too much!There are lots and lots of food establishments in this area of SoMo....but hardly any really good ones.  Pan Asia is one of those good ones.  Forget Sun Asian Kitchen down the road!!  Go to Pan Asia and support one of the few good restaurants in the area!
1	Yikes! What happened to this place? This was a neighborhood joint I was delighted to have pop up a couple of years ago. They had some of the best sushi to be found in the Valley, great drinks and great specials. I remember the service being just fine and the place always packed.It's been probably over a year since I have been in and finally decided to revisit. It was Valentine's weekend so we called for a reservation because I remember it always taking a long time to be seated. The woman on the phone said they were not busy and to just come by. That should have been the first sign something was wrong.My fiance and I got seated in probably the most unappealing table in the place. It was awkward and by the door. We ordered drinks which took forever to come out considering it was pretty empty.We ordered our food and 10-15 minutes later our server came back and told us he lost our order and asked if we could tell him again what we wanted. Our Chinese food came out first, several minutes later our sushi came out, followed by our rolls. The fried rice we ordered never did come out. The sushi was not so great, it fell apart and tasted fishy. We had the Pan Asia Fire Starter roll. It was fine and spicy sure, but not the fabulous rolls I once remembered. I did not bother to tell our server about the fried rice. I was disappointed and was sure he wouldn't care enough to discount our bill. Now came the worst part. Waiting for the bill. I made eye contact several times with our server and he never came. When he came by to take the order of the couple next to us I was ready to grab him. My fiance over heard him tell the couple he lost their order and he needs to take it again! Unbelievable! We still did not get our check so fiance went up to the bar to ask for it. He was ignored by two other waitresses who literally stood in-front of him never bothering to look up and ask if he could be helped. After 20-25 minutes of total time waiting I finally waived down our server and asked for the check and pointed to my fiance at the bar .Sadly, I probably wont be going back. At least not for awhile. The food has gone downhill (what happened to their old sushi chef? He was fantastic!). The service is TERRIBLE.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Lunch Specials are AMAZING!!! Huge portions &  so inexpensive. DInner time is a little bit more expensive but still perfect!
4	I work near this place so occasionally i'll hop in for lunch.  the lunch specials have a good price and IMO, a good amount of food.  The service has always been quick/attentive and I'm kinda surprised to see so many negative reviews.
5	Extremely confused by these negative reviews, some as recent as last week even?! I've been coming to this remarkable establishment for a little over two months and have yet to have anything but impeccable service and outstanding meals.The staff was courteous, engaging and quick. Our dishes came out fresh and were truly fantastically presented. The Lisa Lisa Crunch and OMG rollls were amazing, the fried crab wontons are a must have, and our waiter recommended a hamachi sashimi dish that was so delectable, I wanted to lick the plate. I have yet to try the Chinese dishes off the menu, but the couple to our left had a chicken dish that smelled unholy good.The first time I went, I was not expecting much, the location (strip mall) and the outside of the building do not do the inside justice. It was clean, well decorated and surprisingly adorned with multiple flat screen TVs with a veritable cornucopia of sport programming playing on them.Sat at the bar every time we went, and the bartender/server was a real treat suggested great dishes and ultimately added to the overall experience. On a whim, we pulled up the yelp page as we were finishing up and we saw the terrible reviews and had to put in our two cents.Give this place a try during happy hour, pull up a seat at the bar, relax and enjoy a delicious meal.
4	The sushi rolls are always great. I do hate sitting in the booths here cause they always feel like they are too low compared to the height of the table. I've been there several times and the service hasn't been as bad as what other yelpers have experienced. But when the service is bad it's ussually because the waiter is waiting tables and trying to bartend at the same time. I think that if the owner rethought how the tables were laid out it might help some too.
5	Great sushi in the desert??? This place was such an unexpected surprise. The ambiance was perfect, the service was superb and the sushi was fresh and delicious. The OMG roll was exactly "OH MY GOODNESS" good!!!! And if you are a sake enthusiast....you've got to try the peach sake cocktail, unbelievable! Next time I'm in Arizona, I will definitely head back to this place!
4	The AC went out that morning so it was a little warm in there but the food was still really good.  I asked the server if they could make a special request, they actually had something very close to what I wanted and their version was actually better. I will be back for sure...
4	Great appetizers with outstanding flavors.Pricing very reasonable during Happy hour .Staff can be very attentive at times but other times not so much.A.c. wasn't at 100% when we were there recently even the staff was fanning themselves ; (
5	Delicious Chinese food!My parents recently discovered this place and they've dragged us into their fan club for Pan Asia. They're known for their sushi, but I do not eat sushi so I couldn't really give a review on that. Although, my sister and brother in-law order their sushi and love it, so it must be great. Everything seems as if it's always fresh here. I usually order their chicken chow mein or  chicken lettuce wraps. I've tasted their egg soup which is very good!! My parents have ordered their walnut shrimp and that is amazingly delicious, though sometimes is has too much of the creamy sauce. Overall, Pan Asia is a great place to get fresh and delicious Chinese food. They have a 50% off menu certain days so you can get a great deal for a meal.
4	love this place, it's quick, affordable and easy.  nothing too fancy but a great place for some sushi or other dishes...we sneak in here at least once every other week or so.  I started trying some dishes rather than always reverting to the sushi and I LOVE the thai shrimp dish.  so yummy can't wait to come back for some more :) not sure what all these complainers expect from a restaurant like this, it's not roka akor or mastro's...it's pan asia people lol give it a try the price is right, the people are friendly and I love the food
3	Hmmm... This place is very interesting. Let me start with the Atmosphere. Well it's nicely decorated, but during lunch they were playing loud Dance music with the TV's tuned to various channels (on mute). Kind of a weird sports bar/Ra/Club atmosphere but oddly enough it works for them. For starters I had the crab puffs which were more like "pockets". The filling was good but I hate the way they were folded, it made them more greasier than normal. They have really inexpensive lunch specials which all come with the house salad. I ordered the Orange Chicken and the Vegas roll for only $6.99! The Orange Chicken was very forgettable; there was not enough sauce on them and they were more like popcorn chicken. However, the roll is what I came here for and I was not disappointed. I loved all the flavors of the roll and can easily see myself coming back for just that if nothing else. I will come back to the place next time during Happy Hour as they seem to have some pretty good deals during that time as well. PS- Great customer service, I had my drink refilled 4 times within my 40 minute lunch stay ( I'm a thirsty desert girl :-)
4	Nice place, good service & excellent food. Stangely, it's the management that tends to be weird.I would probably like the place a lot more if management (and you know they're management because they're called over for help) would do more than just glare at large bundles of customers waiting for service at the door. It's awkward to have people stare at you from the bar while you wait for someone to seat you.The servers on the other hand, are awesome. They are especially awesome on weekends, and the variety of deals and meal specials always makes for and slew of fun new sushi and entrees to try. Their take-out is also awesome, but that's where the managers (who will likely be the people staring/glaring at you from the bar) usually show themselves to be especially irksome. While you stand there waiting... And waiting... And waiting...But I reiterate, while I don't care for awkward bouts of standing around, I love the service and I'm quite fond of the food. Pop in on Saturday for their best deals though, that way you can sample the food on the menu. I don't drink so I can't comment to their alcohol.
4	Great for lunch. I love the salad dressing on the standard starter salad, and there is a huge variety of menu options ranging from sushi to chinese. After five or so visits I have always enjoyed every meal.
4	This is our neighborhood go to place. Been coming here since day one, sometimes its sooooo good and sometimes its just ok. I've tried most of the entree's and typically keep coming back to the thai cripsy beef. The rolls I like are the japanese, mexican and the lisa lisa. Service is usually very good.  But being a former server I notice things, that the typical person does not care about and imo management seems very unappealing to work for. But Im glad so mo has this place.
4	Great Asian fusion place! Our waiter, Chris, was EXCELLENT. I ordered one of their vegetable dishes and he came back to tell me it had a type of seafood sauce on it (I believe it was scallops?). I don't eat meat or dairy, so I greatly appreciated his input. The price was also very reasonable. I'm definitely going back during a lunch hour!
4	On a golf trip and stopped in with the guys.  Looking for great Chinese food, lot of selection, and TV to watch the Sunday Night football game.  We got all that.  Very nice place, great staff and food.  We had Honey Chicken, Orange Chicken, Chicken lettuce wraps and macadamia nut chicken.  Not a scrap left on any of the plates.  It was great and the portions were huge!  I would definitely go back.  Also close to Cold Stone for ice cream.
3	Good food, although the sushi is variable. Usually the sushi is good, but once in a while it is sloppily constructed and served warm. I have also had a couple of not-so-fresh sushi selections here.  The other night I had Ikura that was a bit off. Altogether though, a decent value and friendly staff. Though friendly, the staff seems not really sure of how to provide a good experience. If I order soup, an appetizer and an entree, they all show up at once. Once you're done eating your food, you have to hunt them down for a check. Also, it seems like every time I go there, someone is mopping the floor with stinky mop water. Not only does it smell bad, but cleaning the place when I'm still eating (yes, I go there late) tells me, "I wish you'd leave so I can go home." If that's how you feel, then close the place earlier.
5	This is a favorite dinner location for my husband and I. He can get sushi and I can get something from their excellent Chinese menu. Every time we dine at Pan Asia, the service is fast, the food is delicious and the prices are reasonable. My personal favorite is the chicken with broccoli. Their spring rolls and egg drop soup are both fantastic. They also have excellent pot stickers. I've never had bad food at Pan Asia. We love this place so much that my husband chose it to be the location where he asked me to marry him!
4	I eat hear every few weeks and the food is consistently good.  I've seen some mixed reviews on the Sushi, but I have yet to try it here.  Quick and polite service are always on hand as well as reasonable pricing.
4	Very good food and attentive service!
3	Overall, its A-OK. The sushi is good for the cost. They had/have a REALLY good happy hour deal. However, the menu and the happy hour seem to change too frequently. If I could I would give 5 stars to the Veggie Chow Mein. It gives me tastegasms. MMMM!!!!I also LOVE the Lisa Lisa Crunchy Roll. The service is good, staff is overall friendly.
3	Sometimes the sushi is amazing sometimes, usually seems to happen around lunch time it is terrible. Which is why I give it an average rating. You are never exactly sure what you are going to get might as well flip a coin and hope for the best
3	Stopped in and got a lunch special combo of sushi and chinese food. The food was good, but the kung pao chicken didn't come with any kind of rice, which made the "value" of the lunch special much less valuable since I had to pay for a side of rice to enjoy the meal. I will probably be back for another lunch since the food was good enough, but I will probably just get a sushi combo plate instead of the chinese/sushi. As a side note, the music playing here was all over the place - Shania Twain followed directly by some hardcore rap and then some random cover songs. Very strange.
5	I come here quite often for lunch! I work close and wanted something that was not overly priced, quick and not super packed. This is my go to place for sushi and occasionally happy hour. The prices are good ,service is excellent!
2	I was not impressed by this place. The service was terrible. The hostess couldn't even smile when she seated us. Even though we went in during the lunch rush, it was not that busy but nobody came to our table for a good ten minutes. When she finally came to the table she was talking so fast that I felt rushed. I asked her a question about an item on the menu and she thought that was my order and almost walked away. I had to tell her to slow down and answer my question. After she finally let us have a few more minutes to look at the menu she kept calling me honey which was awkward. Overall the food was ok but with the crappy service and rushed atmosphere I don't think I would go back. I wasn't able to order the lunch combo because they wouldn't substitute the chicken for veggies.
1	The management of this restaurant is clueless, the food is mediocre. This restaurant offers brown rice option for sushi and that is the reason I used to come there. On my last visit I was charged an additional $8 for brown rice on a $25 bill. After speaking to the manager the outrageous mark up was not removed or adjusted. I informed them this is the last time I am coming there and was told "ok, thats fine.." by the manager....WOW, really?!!  As far as the food goes, be cautious because many rolls are deepfried and taste funny, fresh sushi w brown rice was the only reason worth coming here but at this point it's not worth the marked up price
5	Check the happy hour!  Calamari have a good sauce! Great taste for veg's chow mein! I will go back!
1	I used to like this place good amount. Nothing fantastic, but had some good deals that made it worth coming down every once in a while. I think they recently changed ownership and I am not pleased with the new managers. We had an issue with our bill, and the manager came up and fought with us rather than correct the mistake; I was stunned. Needless to say, I do not like to spend my nights out with someone questioning my integrity, so I cannot see coming here again deal or not. As I said the only thing that made this place somewhat worth the price was when you could catch a half off weekend or happy hour, not even sure it is worth that anymore.
4	Awesome happy hour!
4	The food here isn't just fusion, so is the staff. I was greeted by an hispanic woman and then my order to go was taken by a white dude with a blue mohawk. While I waited for food, the asian owner also chatted with me about online specials. Caught the last few minutes of happy hour and had a $2 small glass of domestic beer. As long as the quality of food is better, I don't mind paying $2-$3 more for an entree as was the case here with my $9.25 order of Chicken with sweet peas (pea pods), red peppers, onions in a brown garlic sauce. The food was good, tasted fresh and they give you a choice of fried of white rice for free with your entree. Seems like this could be the neighborhood Chinese joint for me, but need to try a few more dishes, but clearly this meal was a great start.
3	Interesting place atmosphere is good, however, the music is horrible, not too sure why "club music" has to be playing.. They also have 3 TV's playing 3 different show... So what does this place want to be??????? The was just OK too.
3	It is a fine place to go once in a while. The food is fine. I feel like the lunch specials are a little overpriced. The atmosphere is nice. They can accommodate a large group.
3	There is nothing fusion about this place that I could find.  They have a japanese and a chinese menu but the dishes do not seem to be a mix of the two at all.  The waiter was really good even though he got the order wrong he had great recovery.  This place makes the best sushi I have had in Phoenix.  It is higher priced but it has quantity and quality. $10 is too much for 5 tempura shrimp that were small.  Probably a 24-30 per pound.  At this price the shrimp needs to be bigger or the price needs to be reduced.I would not go here for the Chinese menu.  It is extensive but seems to need work.
3	We go here all the time since it is just down the street.Angel..is a manager...sucks as a server.  Not attentive at all.  The only two servers that I have like there have been the Asian guy and the tall white guy who has been there for years.  The sushi is better when the guys make it.  There was a lady making it that time and I am pretty sure she is either another manager or owner, but her sushi was not as good.  The female busser pays more attention to the tables than the managers do when they serve.
3	Disappointing. I want to start off by saying that our server (Riley) was awesome and we loved how attentive and friendly she was. However, the food was not as good as we would have liked. We ordered a bunch of stuff off the happy hour menu (first time here) and I could not believe how teeny tiny the $3.00 edamame was. It was a like a joke how incredibly skimpy the portion size was. All the other happy hour items were very small too, so you have to order quite a few to fill up on. The taste of the food was decent, but I've had better. In fact, literally right across the street from this place in my favorite sushi place (Sun Asian Kitchen), which I go to about once a week. Over there the portions are much better, the food is really good and the place is usually packed. The only reason we came to Pan Asia was because we wanted to try a new place to see how it compared to Sun Asian Kitchen... and I must say, for my money, I'd rather just go across the street and continue eating at Sun Asian Kitchen.
3	Pan Asia is great to take friends that want to explore multiple asian cuisines. The sushi is okay but the Chinese dishes never let me down. The Mongolian beef is delicious. There is a full bar and its an easy going atmosphere. Great for a group of 4-6.
4	This restaurant was friendly, fast, and reasonably priced.  I will definitely be back for more.  We both had the sushi...  The sushi menu had several ingredients that were sort of unusual.  Tomato and mozzeralla come to mind.  I asked for a vegetarian sushi roll other than the basic veggie roll on the menu, and they made me one with avocado, fried tofu, and cream cheese which was fantastic!  Really, really good.  the rolls were all pretty big with great ingredients.  If I can tear myself away from sushi next time I might try the rest of the menu.
1	This place has gone way downhill.  The sushi smelled terrible.  No wonder it is empty in here now.
4	Excellent sushi and Chinese food. There is one tattooed bartender that gives excellent advise regarding sushi choices. Great happy hour specials. The only knock on the place is the hodgepodge decor.
4	I continue to be surprised at some of the negative reviews about the food here. This place has become a staple in our neighborhood diet for the last 3 years. We have tried several different items on their menu from soup to appetizers to sushi and the main dishes... And remain impressed! We often bring out of town guests here for dinner and they have all enjoyed what was ordered. The service has gotten better over the years, although they do sometimes seem shorthanded... I think some of this is compounded by the fact that you never can tell when it will be busy here and when it won't. For example one Sunday night it will be dead and another it will be packed. The place is clean and they have great happy hour specials.
4	Nice treat for Saturday lunch with big 50% off menu. A lot of the sushi is fried or with cream cheese but they totally accommodated my special orders in effort to eat healthy.  If you drink ginger martini's are delicious!
4	Our go-to sushi spot. South Phoenix isn't the first place most think of for sushi, so we consider ourselves lucky we've got Pan Asia in our back yard.Recommend the spicy chicken wings and any of the sushi rolls.
2	I was really looking forward to this place being good.. One being that it is down the street from my house and two they have sushi n saki! Well lets just say the 45 mins I was there it took that entire time to get a round of sake bombs (and I was even served the wrong beer on top of that!) and 2 sushi rolls which where not that good. The Vegas rolled tasted like it was cook in months old oil and the califorina roll smelled like old crab that died on the shore of Mexico. Even the people next to me had a big order and got less than half their food, by that time they just said CHECK PLEASE, which is the same thing I did. If you're looking for take out I'm sure this place is okay, but if you're coming for sushi and saki seek else where! The travel will be well worth it! Three words Sakana Sushi Bar
2	Asian dishes might be good but do not get the sushi. Made me sick! Will not go back here again.
1	We used to consider going to Pan Asia as a treat, one of our "go to" places.  We LOVED the fact that they had a "special" menu on Saturday night that allowed the two of us to eat at least 2 rolls and an order of crab puffs for $20.  It's almost like once they deep 6'd that, the rest of the experience went downhill with it.  But it was still good enough so we were still going.  Until last week.  We were there about 10 minutes after they opened on Friday and I had to use the restroom.  It stunk like garbage and rotting fish in the bathroom, which coincidentally had had a garbage can propping it open to air it out.  We ordered 3 small salads, 2 rolls (one was cooked), and 1 order of chicken potstickers.  When our water arrived, two out of our three glasses had dead gnats floating in them.  When we told the server she made no apology, just looked at the glasses as she walked off and returned with two "new" glasses.  Only difference was these had lemon in them and our original waters did not.  The chicken potstickers arrived a good 10 minutes before our rolls did and the server didn't apologize for the wait or let us know when the rolls were almost done.  By this point, I was almost afraid of what would happen once I did eat my sushi roll!  But I did and it was tasty, yet I was still disgusted.  $50 for that horrible experience.  Unfortunately, we had a friend with us who was in town for a visit and we were embarrassed that we had told her how much we loved this place.  Add Pan Asia to the Never Again list!
1	Terrible! My "sesame" chicken came not matching the description, tasting nothing like sesame. Tasteless fried chicken with a semi sweet flavorless "sauce". The fried rice was tasteless and stale. The table next to us ordered a dish that was pan seared at the table, the aroma if chili pepper was so strong it left us coughing and unable to breathe for the rest of our meal. I would have had better Chinese at Panda Express and it would have cost less too.
3	Well this place isn't too bad. Maybe I just didn't know what to order... I love sushi but I don't think pan Asia meet my standard when it Comes to sushi. The service was good. Maybe ill try there food next time....
4	Totally fine.  Excellent sashimi.  The broccoli-beef chinese dish looked fine, fresh broccoli.Get the sake combo with a huge beer for $699Slow service, but fine, what do you expect?Enjoy
4	I have been here many times at the lunch hour and also for dinner. tonight is very special! The Happy hour here is great!Wait staff was very pleasant and accommodating. Issues with the Female manager! she was "in your face" with our dinner companion regarding menu options and possible substitution (we said we would pay the difference) It could have been handled a bit differently. Over all, the happy hour food, sushi and drinks made us happy campers! we will be back!
1	My husband and son bought me $40 in gift certificates for Pan Asia. Its is right by our house and we always enjoyed going there for dinner. Unfortunately, we tried going there for dinner last night to use the gift certificates they just bought last month and the place is closed!! There's lien signs on the doors and windows! So angry that we JUST bought gift certificates and took our money and they're shut down so I can't even use them!
3	Tried to come here for lunch and I don't know if they are going to opening back up anytime since there is a notice from landlord. Looks like maybe didn't pay rent...either way, they are NOT open
4	I come here about twice a month since I work a couple miles from here. The place is nice, and although the hostess looks as though she is irritated all the time, the servers are nice and friendly. This place has a great atmosphere with a decent bar and multiple television shows playing whatever.The salad they serve is AWESOME. I myself am extremely picky on my salads, but I can eat theirs anytime. I always buy the little combo meals with come with 5 different selections (eg: Orange Chicken) and some type of sushi... for $6.99! I will say the portion of your selection is rather on the small side, but the sushi roll seems just list any other. The taste is good, the food is fresh, all around this is one place you should try.
