5	There are any number of places in Edinburgh that serve wrapped flat breads with various fillings, in fact I'd never really considered them as a meal option before I moved to Edinburgh.Khartoum Cafe certainly stands out, this is partly due to its bright yellow decor and partly due to the vast amounts of filling choices there are. According to another review there are 21, I'll be honest and confess I've never counted!The yellow walls and cheery staff make this a really nice place to get away from the greyness of Edinburgh and the food is great too!As well as wraps you can get soup which is hot, fresh and a perfect winter warmer.There are some seats inside but lunchtimes can be busy so either get there early or get food to go.... and enjoy!
5	It's like the Nile Valley but on the other end of town. A brilliant little North African lunch time wrap treat. To be honest, every time I go I always get the spicy chicken, which is invariably delicious (that's why I always get it). Home-made spicy sauce, fresh salad, grilled chicken, in a khubz bread (try making khubz bread, it's really easy and a much tastier alternative to Hovis). They have a great selection here too, not just spicy chicken. The falafel is tasty (I tried my mate's) and the baba ghanoush is especially great. Not expensive either. Well worth a look if you fancy something a bit different for lunch and you're on the other side of town.
5	YummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmThese wraps are giagantic and full of tasty tasty goodness.  When I'm feeling extra energetic I make the trek down to Khartoum Cafe and everyone in my office puts in an order.As I said, yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
1	OK I'm a massive Nile Valley fan (for lunch) and love their wraps, so this is the basis on which I write my review - as a comparison...So I've just nipped out starving thinking I'm gonna give this place a go, ordered a spicy chicken and aubergine wrap (as is customary) and then power walked home for the tasting... Chicken overcooked, lettuce limp, tomatoes just mush and something, though I'm not sure what, was off... Gross. A result of not enough customers so food just sits there but this is not a good way to get more through the doors. Sorry Khartoum, but that was baaaaaaaaaad. Can someone else go and check this out please?! Could just be a bad day but I'm not risking a second trip...
5	After devouring a delicious wrap from this place. They had no spicy chicken left so I just asked the guy to make any delicious wrap. All the ingredients are so fresh and the base sauce is lovely in tangy. If your looking for some lunch this place is a perfect place for a great wrap
5	I live in Glasgow and I keep on asking the owner to move West but he would not.That is a shame for me because they have the BEST FALAFELS IN UK. They are freshly made in the back of the shops as well as the wraps. Everything tastes amazing.Also have you tried the juices? Fresh lime, Mint and cardamom seeds? UNBELIEVABLY TASTY!!!!
5	Great place, I come here weekly and food is always tasty and staff always friendly.They have a wide selection of wraps and lots of vegetarian options.
