5	I heard about SinCity CrossFit opening their new WEST on the radio. I stopped by to check it out and was very impressed! The facility was clean, organized, and the staff was super welcoming. My first session was free! Loved it and decided to commit to the gym.The pricing is VERY reasonable. Plus they offer several possible discount options.I'm super excited and definitely recommend this gym.
5	I love this place so much.  Thomas is motivating without being scary and I'm doing things I never thought I could. The people here are truly amazing, welcoming and encouraging.  I was totally out of shape when I started less than 2 months ago and I still have far to go but I feel so amazing now.  Don't let the difficulty of Crossfit intimidate you. Drop in for a class and you'll be surprised what you can do and how much you can enjoy pushing yourself!
5	My husband and I were sick of going to a normal gym and wanted a change.  We found this gym when driving by it's location.  We are so glad we did!!  Your first time is free and that's all it took for us to get addicted.  The owners/trainers are amazing.  They really know what they are talking about.  I love that all you need to focus on is working out rather than worrying about WHAT to do as you would being on your own in a normal gym.  It doesn't matter what level you are, you can do this.  You will be amazed at how strong you become.  We've been going for over a month now and I can already tell a difference in my workouts.I don't think I'll ever be able to go back to working out on my own or even join a normal gym again.
5	I am from Nashville and dropped in for the week and am very impressed with the caliber of trainers at this facility. Very friendly, helpful and very good at what they do. If I lived in Vegas I'd make this facility my permanent home!!! I wish I could bring them back to Nashville with me! And as all us CrossFitters know, this type of work-out isn't cheap, but they charged an extremely fair price for my drop-in. Can't say enough positive things about this place. Anyone reading this should stop by and check them out!
5	Dropped in on a Monday, in town to see Family. I picked this box because of the good reviews, close proximity, AND the WOD was posted (note to other gyms in the area.  I didn't bring all my gear so I had to be selective.Great big gym, very friendly atmosphere, enthusiastic coaches.  Bested my Bear complex.  I'll be back for sure!Thanks for the workout Sin City West!
5	I have been training with Thomas and Laurie at Crossfit Double Down for over a year now and I wouldn't go anywhere else! I was never an active person growing up and had trouble finding the discipline and encouragement to get to the gym on my own. The minute I walked into crossfit double down I was overwhelmed with a sense of community and trust. I have lost more  weight and developed more muscle in the short year I have been there, than I ever have on my own.  Laurie and Thomas also have gotten me eating healthier and I have become a more outgoing, confident person. I went from hating the gym to someone who couldn't imagine a day without crossfit. The coaches and members of crossfit double down are an amazing family and I'm very grateful to be part of it.
5	I have been a member since May of 2014.  I was influenced to try Crossfit by my son, my first thought was "are you kidding me, that will kill me", haha, but it was just the opposite, its rather addicting.   I am 45 years old and have never worked out, I was very hesitant to try this form of exercise but Laurie and Thomas have helped me tremendously along the way.  When they see I am struggling they push me to keep going and do better at every workout,  I love the support system at Double Down.  My step-daughter attends a box in Long Beach, CA and she says not only do they not have a basics program but the trainers don't help her out with anything, she will be relocating here soon and is really excited to become apart of the Crossfit Double Down family.  After talking to some others regarding Crossfit I have found they all have the same complaints, trainers don't pay attention to individuals needs and no basics.  If there was not a basics program at my box I would not be attending.    Thomas and Laurie take great pride in their members and making sure they meet their goals and also make sure they don't injure themselves.  There is also  a great kids program, my 13 year old who is very self conscious, enjoys attending and loves his trainer, Laurie.  She keeps him motivated and wanting to come back for more.  I really love the family atmosphere at our box.  Not only are Thomas and Laurie great trainers the members at our box are amazing as well, everyone is very supportive and when one of us sees another  member struggling we all pitch in and do our best to push them through their workout.  I have never seen a bigger support system in anything I have ever done.  So, whether you are visiting Vegas or live in Vegas  if you are  thinking of trying Crossfit I highly recommend trying Crossfit Double Down, you won't be disappointed!!!!!
5	I highly recommend Thomas' gym and him as a trainer. He has challenging and excellent classes and he's an excellent trainer. He motivates you and works within your limits and strengths to get you better and stronger.
5	CrossFit Double Down is such a great place to workout! I have been with them for a little over 6 months and I go about 3 times a week. I am also a full time student so it helps that they have the late night classes. This gym is like an awesome growing family that truly helps you get to your body goals and make it fun while achieving it. I hate working out but it is nice to come to a gym where everyone is friendly and knows your name. I have seen such great changes in my body and have definitely become stronger. Laurie and Thomas are such great people and they always make sure you are safe in the workout and make sure you understand the right way to complete the workout.  I love working out here!
1	I been member for over a year or so with this crossfit Double down formally know as sincity crossfit west. CURRENT Owner/Manager/trainer has lied and stole my membership dues. Me as a member payed this gym 6 months in advance CASH for the dues i was payed up until july 27, 2014 . We all know that if you go on vacation, sick, or injure for extended time, you are able to pause your membership. I informed previous trainer/owner prior to going on my vacation to pause my membership. I went on vacation for 6 weeks during may and june of 2014.During the time i was on vacation there was change of ownership. Up on my return back to the gym i ask NEW OWNER/Trainer to activate my membership and give credit for the weeks i was gone. He refuse to add to my membership and he started to yell at me and become hostile in front of class. He try to BULLY me, His excuse was i didn't tell him prior to leaving so he is not going to do it. As we all know that new OWNER does not teach evening class he is never there he only teach morning class. So he refuse my six weeks membership add on. Then it happened all over again! remind you that i was payed up until july 27, 2014, so i used the gym for two weeks and before my travel I Informed THE NEW OWNER that i will be gone from july 11-27 returning on july 28 and ask him to pause my membership he agree in front of class. To cut the story short when i returned on july 28 of 2014. he ask me to pay for dropped in work out dues or if i want to sign up for monthly payment. I reminded him that he agree to pause my membership and i informed HIM prior to leaving for vacation. He looked at me and says only if you are injured i will pause membership not when you go out of town or vacation. i know fro fact that he has give other members credit for the time they were on vacation or traveling. so you be the judge of what kind of person lies, goes back on his own wards, steel from members, nickels and dimes your pay member. Vegas be careful dealing with this new ownership "NOT A GOOD HUMAN BEING" he does not care for his members he just wants your money. I urged you be care full dealing with this new ownership get your agreement  in writing. Have your contract in writing. thank you
1	I'd give it 0 stars if I could. This place has the potential to be good, but the trainer/owner is a bad businessman. He basically tells you one thing to get your business and then when asked to honor it, he calls you a liar and refuses to honor it.  I've been a member of this gym since it was sincity crossfit and stuck with it while it went through the transition and became crossfit doubledown.  I saw other members having the same types of issues, but didn't think much of it until the same thing happened to me.  Be cautious if you decide to sign up with this gym!!!!!Side note: The positive reviews on this gym are from when this place was under different management! The former trainer/management was awesome!  Too bad things changed...
5	I have been a member for a little over a year and absolutely love and recommend this box. Thomas and Laurie are awesome trainers. Because of their guidance and their intense WODs I am seeing fast results. They take the time to make sure you have the right technique and form to avoid injury. Classes start as early as 6am to as late as 7:30pm which works out great for me and my busy schedule. Highly recommend!
5	I've been going to CrossFit Double Down for a little over a year now and consider it more than a gym. It truly is a lifestyle! Thomas and Laurie have been so patient and have helped me progress so much. I've lost over 20 lbs and put on muscle where I've never seen it before - I took 30 minutes off of my last 10k time. And if you know how slow I am - that would drop your jaw. This process and this gym has taught me to question old beliefs I've had about myself and my abilities. I've learned so much not just from the excellent trainers I've had (shout out Thomas, Laurie, RJ, TJ, and Kenny) but from the awesome people that I've had the privilege and opportunity to work out with (shout out 7:30 and 6:30 crew and other special work out buddies - you know who you are). I still consider myself a newbie with a lot to learn and I'm excited that I get to continue my journey and training in a place I've grown to love (and hate and sweat and cry at).If you are new to CrossFit or "CrossFit curious" or looking for an excellent gym in the Southwest area this is the best place to start! Nichole
