5	Auld Dubliner Irish PubPicture this a Italian  village complete lakes, and waterfalls. This oasis in the middle of Nevada desert is a nice respit from the Chaotic Vegas strip. First this you will notice is the open air styling from the bar to outside patioSecond thing you will notice is the amount of wood in this place!  Hee hee "amount of wood" :O)Third thing is selection of Single Malt Irish Whiskey, and bar taps..... hmmm whisky! Fare: The food is okay.  I had the "Boxty" if you have not had a "Boxty" it is great! This potato is flat and usually has a bunch of veggies, and some meats stuffed in this great fluffy, tasty cake... Price: Reasonable
3	Try the curry chips.  They are the best I've had & try them at every Irish Pub I go to.The beer is tasty & if it's not too hot outside, the patio is great.
3	Pretty typical Irish pub with a nice little outdoor seating area and there was a good live band on Friday night. Overall, there arent too many options when at Lake Las Vegas, and this place seemed to be the busiest place down there. The whole Montelago village is a nice area to wander around in, and If I'm down there again, I'll stop back in.Ok, I'll be honest...I cant remember this place very well...too much whiskey...but I think what I wrote is accurate. And obviously I had a good time.
3	Indeed, this is an Irish Pub found lakeside along the streets of the Italian village of Lake Las Vegas.  Then again, one can find an Irish pub just about anywhere in the world, you just gotta look!We noticed it right away as we made our way down the lake during the past Saturday.  The free opera on the lake had us more intrigued, but the live music had us make a return after the opera performance.  This place was popping, mostly because a wedding party was celebrating their after party there.  The band playing was giving up some pretty cool tunes, and we soon found out why.  They were were Acoustic Soul, "...the first, fully live, by-request acoustic rock band in Vegas" as noted on their myspace page.  And they were pretty good.  The BF and I got a drink at the bar ($5.50 for a pint) and settled in to listen to them play various songs from Johnny Cash to Britney Spears to John Mayer to Eric Clapton.  They were good and everyone was loving them.We can't say too much about The Auld Dubliner except that they offer outdoor seating, which can be great on certain nights.  And they do serve up Magners Cider for us non-beer drinkers.  You can also find food here for lunch and dinner.  Nonetheless, I think the BF and I will be returning on Saturday nights to catch Acoustic Soul performing.  (They apparently have live bands every Friday and Saturday night, maybe even Sunday too.)Update (07/20/09) - They have happy hour daily from 3 pm to 7 pm.  All their draft beers are $5, no discount on food though.  Bummer.
4	Good prices, nice outdoor seating, friendly staff. What more can you ask for in a pub? It's a lot less commercialized than Fado's, and the live music doesn't suck nearly as much. It's a welcome change for Sean and I to have a place where we can go and just have a pint when we're in the area.
4	To get away from the hustle and bustle of the busy city, whenever we go to Las Vegas, we stay at the Viera at the Lake Las Vegas Village more often than not.  The village where the pub is located is very quaint and has some great shops and restaurants. It's also right next to the Montelago Casino which makes it a convenient place to eat after some gambling.Our room overlooks the village and we always hear the sounds of a live band travelling up to our room from Auld Dubliner so this time, we decided to give it a try since it was a nice night out.The place was pretty open for a pub actually.  The bar was relatively busy but the indoor and outdoor seating areas were roomy for the most part.  We sat indoors but if you choose to sit outside, it's really cool, especially when the weather is nice, you can see  with the string of lights hanging above the village and can feel the breezy air coming from the lake just a few steps away from the pub.  One of my favorite things about the restaurant is the live band they had performing there.  It was a Saturday night and "JV Allstars" were performing. I think they're a local band, I'm not sure.... but they were very very good and added to the atmosphere there. The singer/guitarist and his drummer were able to play many songs by request. For food, we ordered the Irish Sausage Roll as the appetizer. I ordered the Rasher & Cheese Boxty and the boyfriend ordered the Shepherd's Pie.  The Sausage Roll was very good.  The sausage is chopped up and rolled in a pastry dough that comes out really flaky. It was gooood.  I've never had a "Boxty" before so I didn't know what to expect but it turned out to be very tasty.  It's like a potato cake/pancake that's crispy and had ham and cheese melted on top. They have other types of boxtys on their menu.  Tried a little bit of the Shepherd's Pie. There's mashed potatoes on top and what seemed to be a beef/vegetable stew on the bottom. I believe it was baked.  For dessert, we had their Irish whiskey creme brulee, which was good but had too much whiskey in it for my taste. A little bit less would have been delicious but I mostly tasted the whiskey. Perfect for anyone who loves whiskey though!  We enjoyed the food there and will come back to taste the rest of the menu!I would have sat there eating/drinking all night if I could =)
4	My wife and I have been to Lake Las Vegas several times. It is a nice area to get away from the crowds on the Strip and enjoy the beautiful village by the lake. Auld Dubliner is located right in the heart of the village next to the casino. We eaten here several times for lunch, but they have the same menu for lunch and dinner. We have tried the Corned Beef and Cabbage - some of the best we have ever had. Very tender beef with little fat and no gristle. A very good cream sauce is poured over it. $15 Shepard's Pie - was very good and a good sized portion. However, I think "McMullans" Shepard's Pie is a little better. $14 Fish Sandwich - Very good. The fish portion isn't as big as others I've had, but the flavor is wonderful and the side salad the comes with it is great. Not iceberg lettuce, but the spring mix greens with homemade dressing. $11 Irish Quesadilla - weird but good. Has Irish bacon and cheese in the flour tortilla $10 The prices are moderate and the location is beautiful. The only complaints for me is that they don't open until Noon. We usually eat lunch earlier and so we've had to wait a little while for them to open. The other complaint is that they are CLOSED ON TUESDAYS. The last time we went to Lake Las Vegas was, of course, on a Tuesday, and so we had to eat elsewhere. Other than that I would recommend them highly.
5	PET-FRIENDLY!I loved this place already because they allow pets on leashes on the outdoor patio.  All of Montelago Village is very pet friendly - it is a fun place to walk your dog and enjoy the Lake Las Vegas views.  The food at Auld Dubliner happens to be pretty darn good as well.  The Irish Quesadilla had very good fresh salsa on the side.  The seared tuna salad had a lot of flavor and the fish was very fresh.  Nice selections of imported beers on draft too.Don't forget the $5 Irish Car Bombs during Happy Hour!
5	What a fun place this is!  Great food and rocking and fun bands on the weekend!   I was staying @ the Viera condos in Montelago Village at  Lake Las Vegas and it was an easy crawl back to the hotel/condo. Lake Las Vegas/Montelago Village is a great relaxing place as well.  Close to the strip for dinner and show and then back to the quiet and tranqility of the european themed village. Go check out Lake Las Vegas!  There is  a great buzz going on out there..  Great food and great views!
4	Whitney is a great server and one of the very rare smiles in the Dubliner.Having a bar serving Spaten Optimator so close to home is dangerous.I was never a fan of Irish food. I lived in downtown HB most of my life and in the 90s there was a surge of Irish bars opening up there, which were never really known for their food.Well, my opinion has changed. The Auld Dubliner has the best hamburgers in Vegas. Oh wait hamburgers aren't Irish...  Well Auld Dubliner has a little of everything on their menu, from Shepherds Pie, potato leek soup (yum) to fresh corn beef and seared Ahi tuna salad.Of course the Potato Leek soup and the blue cheese burger is my favorite. And make sure you order it with french fries, which comes seasoned with curry.On the weekends the Auld Dubliner has some great local bands and there is always a crowd in there dancing.It the Spring or Summer the patio has some great atmosphere for lunch or dinner.
3	The Auld Dubliner is a quaint little pub at the beautiful Montelago Village.  The food and drinks are very comparable to Fado's in Henderson.  I'm not sure how well its going to fair with the closing of the casinos but I sure hope they find a place in the city if they can't make it out there being the Pub is awesome!!!
5	Awesome French fries, the fish part of the fish and chips was pretty good too. Great service - we had like the best waiter ever.  Only wish they opened even earlier in the day.I give them five stars mainly because you could do far, far worse in a setting like this; but, they are good enough to warrant four stars in most any settingf.
4	Late night drinks with Joe! He knows how to make a bloody beer he won our heart! They had a live band too pretty fun.  We took the shuttle from Lowes as it was so not hoppin there but we went to relax but wanted to check out the village.  Our driver said we should have stayed at Lowes unless we just wanted to get food at the village boy am I glad I didn't listen! We had a great time.  Drinks were a little pricey but I guess since it's either there or the resort it wasn't so bad.  I will visit again when I go to Lowes.
1	We got a groupon for Auld Dubliner because we mistakenly thought it was a restaurant we had seen near us and wanted to try it.It's very difficult to find and took us an hour of driving around the area to get to it.  The Casinos and resorts around it have died off and we weren't sure how to get to it once we did find it and we ended up hiking with our 4 kids in 120 degree heat. On the up side,  we did find a place it would have been better to park at.Once inside, it was clear that although *some* Auld Dubliners are family friendly, this one was more of a bar and less of a restaurant. There were no real tables that could accomodate a family of 6.  We had to sit with two rickety bar tables scooted together that were different heights. The chairs were also unstable. The waitress was nice, but you could tell she wondered why we had brought our kids to a place like this.The menu on line was 20% less expensive than the actual menu and this was in the daytime hours.We had wanted to order authentic corned beef and cabbage.  What we got was a whole cabbage cut in half, with very little corned beef and some kind if cream poured over it....All this for $1495.In all, not a great experience.  Maybe it's better at night for couples.
3	We used the Groupon for this establishment tonight.  The food was fantastic!  My 3 year old had the apples, cheese, and potato crapes.  She was less thrilled with her meal, but had a good time none the less.  I was pleasantly surprised that this bar type place did have kids cups.  A bit pricy for the kids food, but I don't think we would have brought her if we didn't have the groupon.Lake Las Vegas is clearly a sad place adversely effected by the economy.  The parking situation sort of sucked, but now that we know the casino is closed, we would park on the far side of the Village in the dirt rather than the garage.  The live jazz down the way afterwards was nice:Saturdays between 7pm-11pm.  I would have given this place 4 stars if it wasn't so far away with the hassle.  I hope that when they lease is up, they find a place in a better part of Henderson.
2	I was surprised by the small size of this pub, but additional seating is available on the patio.  Even though there was a concert scheduled for later in the evening, there was very little pedestrian traffic on the street this evening.  We each ordered fish and chips; the former was heavily battered and the latter was from the freezer case. There many places to find better fish & chips.
4	Hidden away among the slowly decaying businesses of Lake Las Vegas and far, far away from any parking, the Auld Dubliner is still one of the best Irish pubs in town.  Pretty much because the bar understands that a pub should be low key and classic.  In Ireland, a pub is just a run of the mill watering hole.  But by the time they migrate over to the states, many of them become extravagant or showy places in an attempt to seem more European.  Not the Auld Dubliner.  The place is classic.  While the establishment is fairly new, it feels like a place where the wood on the bar has been worn down from a hundred years of spilled beer.  The bar's selection of Irish whiskeys is solid.  Not the widest selection in town, but a long enough collection that it will take you awhile to drink through the menu.  On top of that, the place has a superb beer selection.  One of my favorite Irish beers (Kilkenny) is almost impossible to find in the western U.S. and they have it on tap.  If for no other reason, the bar is praiseworthy for its well chosen stock of spirits and beer.   But they also serve up a solid pub menu.  When we went, we had deep fried chips with curry (yum) and a couple of solid cheese burgers topped with Irish cheddar cheese.  The night we were there they had a solo guitar act playing and he did a pretty solid job with a library of Irish rock and soul ballads.I hope that Lake Las Vegas figures out how to survive because the Auld Dubliner is a fine place to bring a group for drinks.
2	I was really excited to go to this place before doing a little Ice Skating on the lake.  There was a group of seven of us and my buddy Keith and I found out they had happy hour specials during games on Thursday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday.  We went on a Thursday and right away the waiter/bartender told us 4 different specials and didn't mention food specials.  He got our drinks and I made a point to ask him if there were any food specials for happy hour.  He told me no and I was immediately confused/disappointed/mad because what he was saying didn't match up with the current Las Vegas Weekly add we found.  I got up to go to the bathroom and what do I see?  The same add posted right above the urinal with food specials and all.  I checked my phone to make sure it was Thursday and went to the bar to see that a game was on.  I don't know what this guy's deal was but that just soured the experience.  By this time we had already ordered food and drinks when I would have rather had the happy hour specials that he decided to withhold from us.  I finally looked at him and told him I wanted the bucket of beer special that was on the happy hour sign right over there.  He looked like he had been caught or something.  The food was okay but a bit pricey.  I mean, look around guys, Lake Las Vegas is dead (which is very sad).  Charge a little bit less.  Fish and chips were soggy, I could get a better burger at 'In N Out'. Their Blackened Chicken Sandwich was a bit too blackened.  The only good thing about this place were the fries.
3	I'm not sure what the draw here is. I would certainly never go out of my way to come here. However, if you happen to already be at Lake Las Vegas for another reason, it's a decent place to stop for a drink and a bite to eat.It's your standard Irish pub. Nothing new, different, or noteworthy. The food is decent, but nothing great. Pretty standard Irish pub fare.In the warmer months, the patio, which wraps around the front is very nice. They have misters in the summer and heaters in the winter. I also like that they allow dogs on the patio, which is a huge plus for us as we rarely are at Lake Las Vegas without our dog in tow.During the different festivals and whatnot that happen at Lake Las Vegas (such as the beer fest), they usually have a booth out in front that serves food and beer. The hot dogs they usually serve are excellent! I wish they were on the menu.
4	I was very impressed with this little gem in Lake Las Vegas! Great decor, great beer selection, very good appetizer foods (check out the Curry Chips, and spicy potatoes). We didn't eat from the full menu so I can't comment, but for what we did try, I imagine the other menu items are excellent. I really enjoyed the quaint, relaxed, friendly atmosphere! I really wish we could transport this place into the city, it's really unfortunate that LLV is not bringing in the clientele to provide this venue with a good supply of customers. Definitely hit up this pub when you are in Lake Las Vegas. It was the most fun we had on our visit!
1	This place is way out of Las Vegas. It is in Henderson. Apparently Henderson is bigger than I thought. Located on Lake Las Vegas. About 1/3 of the businesses are closed including the Casino. I asked Joe the bartender about the casino and when it closed. He was dodging my questions saying it is reopening under new management. He was not very polite. I ordered the Sheppard's Pie which was bad. He asked me if I ever tried Sheppard's Pie before and I must not like lamb. I told him I lived in England for a year and have tried Sheppard's Pie hundreds of times and I do like lamb. I ended up getting the French dip sandwich which was OK. The Sausage Rolls were OK. The decor is nice.
3	For a short period in 2009 I lived in Long Beach, CA and there was an Auld Dubliner around the corner from work and we went there quite a bit since they served Magner's Cider and our Irish co-worker was a big fan. When the Auld Dubliner came up on Groupon last year I was pleasantly surprised to find out they have a location here in Vegas (of course Lake Las Vegas is barely Vegas but I digress). My girlfriend and I used the Groupon as a reason to finally head out to Monte Lago Village and see what it was like. We found the Auld Dubliner to be a smaller version of the LB one we came to know and love. All of the tables are seat yourself and the service is decent. I think they under staff to help offset the fact that the business levels are never where they need them to be. The decor seems authentic and they have a couple of dart boards along with a number of board games like Jenga and Connect Four so when you are sitting in the bar you can come up with some fun "drinking games" to play amongst yourself. As for the food we had the Curry Fries and a Ruben and found them both to be enjoyable. The fries were something unique but the Reuben was nothing out of the ordinary. On the night we were there they had a guy playing acoustic guitar and signing so we were able to eat, sit on the patio and enjoy the music and a few Black Velvets (Magners & Guiness). All in all the Auld Dubliner is a good time but it is just too bad that it takes a major commitment to drive out there from the west side of Vegas. If I was in the area (Lake Las Vegas) I would definitely check it out again but I would not drive out of my way to go there.
4	One of the only reasonably priced restaurants in Lake Las Vegas! Great food and drinks! Live music during the weekend!I ordered the potato tacos (technically an appetizer, but large enough for a dinner) and it was DELICIOUS! The coleslaw and potato soup also got rave reviews from my table.Fun atmosphere but the service was a bit slow (I only saw one waitress on duty while we were there).
2	Service at best was ok, food did not do enough to over come poor service. Seemed to be a "new priced menu" for an event going on. I would go back, but things need to tighten up.
4	I'm definitely a fan...it's a nice little irish place in the village...and I know it's a chain, but this one feels different because it's so much smaller than the ones elsewhere.  kick back, play some darts...listen to some Irish tunes...have a few beers...it just doesn't get much better than that!  Oh, and the food is okay, nothing too memorable, but it doesn't detract from the experience...try the banger corn dog or the wings
1	I was at Lake Las Vegas last night with my wife and we looked around at the other restaurants but nothing struck our fancy so we decided to give Auld Dubliner another chance.  We walked in and were told it was seat yourself.  We sat down and waited, and waited, and waited.  We were there for 10-15 minutes and no one even spoke to us.  The best part was that two different waiters were serving two different tables on either side of us.  They definitely saw us, saw we had no menus or drinks, and still did nothing.  I was willing to give this place another chance because the food was good the first time and just the service was bad.  I guess the bad service is their standard and I will never go back here again.
2	I was not impressed! Long wait to sit when no one else was waiting followed by a long wait for our drinks when it was slow. Great beer selection but plan on spending a lot of time there.
4	Great food, excellent beer. Fish and chips of course.
1	We had the same experience as one of the other reviewers.  Walked in, sat down and was ignored by the waitstaff.  Waited about 10-15 minutes before finally leaving.  There are better Irish restaurants in Las Vegas.
4	Come not expecting gourmet food and you will be completely satisfied with their comfort food.My family (hubby & 2 kids--6, 8 yo) and friends had a wonderful dinner while enjoying live entertainment on a Friday evening. We sat in the "game room" with the adults on one table and kids on another. There were plenty of games to keep the kids entertained.  They especially loved the dart game.Our server was very attentive and did not lack the service as others have noted in other reviews. Our pub food was very good. We enjoyed the Reuben sandwich, Guiness meatloaf, hamburger --forgot the name, and chicken tenders. All entrees were satisfactory. Served hot as expected!!!We avoided the fish and chip since it didn't have good reviews from other yelpers.Come with the right expectation and you won't be disappointmented.I highly recommend the Auld Dubliner if you are staying at the nearby hotels...as it is an excellent choice for dining but don't drive out of your way.
4	Hands down the best fish tacos I've ever eaten! That is the fresh ahi tuna ones, and not the deep fried. I don't see it on their website today. Please don't tell me they took it off the menu! I know it is not your usual Irish fare, but who cares if it tastes that good! Also try the curry chips. These are not chips (fries) with a little flavorless curry powder sprinkled on top. It has the curry sauce on the side, for your dowsing pleasure. I could eat it by the spoonful.I took away one star cause I have to drive so far to get my fix. Really worth the drive out there though.
4	Never before have I had like, three courses of items that had corned beef in them. Good thing I love corned beef. We had the corned beef nachos, the sandwich, the potato leek soup, and several other items I can't remember including two wonderful desserts. The layout is really cool and we passed the time after ordering our food by looking around at all the pieces on the walls. The food was wonderful, the service was a bit slow and confused, and the restaurant is really interesting. Does not feel right stepping back out into the Las Vegas heat after that neat little meal.
4	I liked this place. We had two families, with kids, here for dinner one night. It is very casual and good for kids if you go earlier in the evening. There are a few flat screens around to catch games on as we ate as well.As for the food, I liked it. I had the black n bleu burger with fries. It was very good and big. I suggest the fish n chips though. My wife had those and they were outstanding. I also ordered the Irish nachos with corned beef. I know, sounds weird. They were very good.So, If you are in the Lake Las Vegas area and looking for some yummy comfort food in a casual atmosphere at a very fair price...look no further. This place is here waiting for you.
3	I'm in Lake Las Vegas once a year so I trusted the opinions of my friends in coming to the "Irish place". Auld Dubliner was HOPPING when we arrived. I literally snatched our table from a family getting up to go, their old plates still on the table.... The wait for our food was average, but it was all worth it to me for one reason: potato leek soup. I wish I had ordered only soup and kept it coming.At my table, the boxty was getting the chatter. I also saw an interesting Guinness stew pass by. I sampled the boxty (described as shepherd's pie wrapped up in a plate-sized potato pancake). Fantastic. I had ordered the pulled pork sandwich because I wasn't feeling experimental and it was only $9 without an upcharge for the soup. The sandwich was average. The soup was glorious. It's like warm, creamy, smooth, savory, rich velvet--in a bowl. After one bite, it's all I wanted. My man and I were hooked. I ordered an additional bowl from the busboy for $4. TV's abound so I caught Oregon's demolition of Stanford. It's really noisy and everything resonates because the place is just hard wood all around, so expect an overgrown sports pub sort of feel. If you take your kids, you'd be best to sit at a table outside. It was hard for us to grab our server at times (like I said, I ordered at one time from the busboy...) but they were hopping, after all.I would come here for specific treasures on the menu. It seems like a great place to catch the game. I'd have a beer and potato leek soup...in a ratio of 1 to 3.
3	We came after the Brews Best to sop up the beer.The BF and I shared a full portion of fish and chips ($16). Pretty good and standard. Crisp big fish filets and fries. Our friends seem happy with their food, but some are really effing drunk too. Service was OK. It was busy and no one was attentive. No drinks offfered, no water offered specially. No one came to check on us. I don't know if this is the norm or only because they're not used to ever being a full house. It did it's job and was good beer food.
4	I like this place.  The atmosphere is a mix between sports bar and an American version of Irish Pub.  Food was reasonably priced.  This was my first time having boxty.  Let me tell you, I'm a fan.  Boxty is an Irish potato pancake topped with various goodies.  I had the Irish Stew Boxty which comes with tender chunks of beef slow cooked with potatoes, carrots, celery, onion, and fresh herbs in a rich brown gravy.  Beware: the Auld Dubliner is quite a walk from car, through the parking structure, through the casino, and out the other side.  I enjoyed the walk, but some people may not want to walk that far.
4	Cozy pub. Nice size food portions with great beer and wiskey selection. Fun and friendly staff. NFL Sunday ticket makes it the place to be for football with a sports book a quick walk next door.
5	Had a great time staying at Lake Las Vegas and this place was our go-to place for eats.  Excellent service and they serve Kilkenny on draft.  Just the Kilkenny is reason enough to go here.  But, there's more!  Hubby had the shep. pie...it was very good but the gravy was a bit thin.  I had the fish and chips (perfect) with a side of mashed with guinness and blue cheese gravy.  This gravy is some sort of magical sauce...I was seeing unicorns and butterflies as I ate it.   I would put that stuff on ice cream, in my coffee, or perhaps just drink it with a straw.  I highly suggest ordering the parm garlic fries with a side of this gravy for dipping.
4	We ate here a week ago.  What stood out most for us about this restaurant compared with most anything in Vegas or Henderson is that it's open air and you can sit outside on a patio that overlooks the attractive pedstrian-only 'village' area of the Lake Las Vegas instead of the usual parking lot or a busy street.  Definitely nice ambiance in that respect.  [We would have preferred there be no smoking allowed outside, however.  We had to move tables to get away from a smoker.]As for the service, our waiter was very good.  For food, the mixed greens salad with chicken was fantastic and an incredible value as it would have made more than a full meal on its own - fortunately, we split it because we also ordered fish and chips and sausage with sauerkraut as our main courses.  They were fine, not spectacular.  However, overall, given the quality, service, and ambiance, we'd say the food was well worth the prices.  Beer's a bit pricey but they do have a good selection on tap.Bottom line, liked it, would return.  It is a nice little get-away for an evening if you live in the Vegas valley as it has a totally different feel.  Allow extra time for a nice walk after your meal to see the town, the bridge, etc.
4	The Auld Dubliner:A pitcher perfect image of what I my minds eye of an ole Irish pub could be like should I ever have the opportunity to visit Ireland.  Small spaces for dinning and a bar running  1/2 the length of the little establishment.  By far more patrons sitting and standing around the bar as anything from Soccer, Boxing, and even NBA basket ball played on the many TVs located behind the bar and throughout the place.  I was with a group of 8 and we were seated quickly and drink orders taken.  Many at the table enjoyed what they said was robust logger and dark dense taste.  Must have been pretty good as there were several rounds ordered.   I had the Fish-n-Chips for dinner and "Boy Howdy" was this thing huge.  My plate was large but the two pieces of beer battered code were a lot bigger and hung off the side like two full racks of Memphis Dry Rubbed Ribs.  Now the taste of the fish is on par with most fish-n-chip places I've eaten at, but what might be lacking in the taste department this place over delivers in atmosphere, service, and just feeling like your at home with your buds.  Really a great place to come and relax after a full day of corporate meeting, testing, and sales roll play.
4	Pretty decent food and service. The staff did seem bored, probably because there were three of them and two customers. They were out of the roast beef sandwich we had wanted, so we had to substitute for the Ruben, which was not a bad choice. I don't recommend the Caesar salad, however--not a very flavorful dressing. I will be back--it seems like a great place to spend St Patrick's Day!
3	The best meatloaf ever proclaimed my GF. It was damn good but I couldnt help but to wonder if the incredible gravy didn't have a lot to do with it. My gf loves bloody marys and having seen the reviews on yelp she was excited to try one. The excitement ended there as it isn't a "normal" bloody mary. They dice up the celery and mix it with a few secret ingredients.We tried to figure them out but couldnt. Whitney was our servers name and she was wonderful and knowledgeable about all the beers they had and made great recommendations All in all it was a good place to eat but for $65 with tip we should have had more than meatloaf a chicken salad and 2 drinks.Cant give them 5 stars due to the price and most beers being in bottles but for a once in a great while I would come back.
3	We were at Lake Las Vegas with some friends for the Dragon Boat Festival. We decided to get a snack and some beers. The beer specials for the day weren't great but they were in range with most bar beer prices in Las Vegas. The menu was also special for the day. We all ended up sharing the Spicy New Potatoes and an order of Irish Nachos with Corned Beef. I surprised myself and really enjoyed the nachos, there were tons of toppings on them and the chips were crisp, not greasy. They were a tad pricey for the amount that was on the plate. The spicy potatoes were good, not as spicy as I thought they'd be, but were tasty especially with the buttermilk dipping sauce. The service was adequate. We sat outside on the patio since we had our dog with us, flies were a bit bothersome. The place was busy so I wasn't surprised that the women's bathroom was a disaster, but then find out the men's room was clean. What the heck women!!I would give them another try if in the area, I especially like the dog friendly aspect.
4	My friend and I decided to stop here for dinner before Shakespeare in the park.  We decided on sharing the Irish nachos and the roast beef sandwich. The Irish nachos were a bit salty but still good. The roast beef sandwich on the other hand was sooo yummy!  It comes on this toasted bread that had cheese melted on it. It also had horseradish mayo on it.  So much tastier than I thought it would be!   Our waitress was super nice and the atmosphere was fun. Definitely try it out when you're down in lake Las Vegas
4	Auld Dubliner is one of the reasons I wish more people would go to Lake Las Vegas.  It's a typical Irish bar, mostly wooden, smaller tables, but you actually have some room.  It's not crammed together.  We've only been inside, but they have patio seating as well when the weather is nice.They have an above average selection for beers, with the usual emphasis on Irish and British beers.  I got a flight of testers that was a decent price, given the quality of beers.  The food was above average as well.  Very large serving of fish and chips.  Good batter, but not too thick.  We got chicken fingers (for our 2 year old), and the table liked these as well.  Service was excellent.  Drinks never reached empty before she was there asking if we wanted another.  There seemed to be several regulars as well, which is rarely a bad sign.  Overall, above average experience, which is saying something, given the number of Irish pubs that have opened in the last few years.  Worth your time.
4	What a great  casual place to enjoy in Lake Las Vegas.  If you are here already for a stay-cation, its worth it.  Its pretty typical pub, but it does not reek of smoke or have nasty bar food.   I had a delicious soup and fish and chips and loved the singer that was performing last Friday night.  The beer selection was not amazing and a little pricey, but that's my only negative reflection.  Good way to end the evening.
1	After having overly salty soup and lousy service at the Sonrisa Grill, my friend and I decided to come here for a drink/and a bite to eat during happy hour. I ordered a vodka tonic and she a vodka and soda. When she received her drink, there was no carbonation and she asked if she could give her something else and my friend requested diet coke, which was also flat. When she asked if there were problems with the co2 tank, she said, that's just how it is. After our bad experience at the Sonrisa Grill and her response to my friend, we decided to cut our losses, go back to our time share and eat/drink what we had brought. I paid for my drink and understandably, my friend chose to not as she did not drink it. When we left the waitress called over the railing, "hey, can you guys pay for the other drink?" and my friend said absolutely NOT. The nerve. We ended up going back to the condo, making our own food and drinks and relaxing. If this resort wants to make it, then I highly recommend that these restaurants get it together. Mind you, we are go with the flow customers who tip well and the only good experience we had was that morning in Henry's where we had a wonderful Bloody Mary and a gracious breakfast server. I hope that the one in my home town of Tustin does not suck like this one.
4	YUM! Stopped here for lunch on a family stay-cay at Lake Las Vegas.  Staff was friendly, food was REALLY good, and the atmosphere was great.Be careful of the salsa it's got hot HOT peppers in it.  But the fish tacos are amazing!Good place for lunch!
2	"OK class!  Repeat after me...Overpriced Irish Bar Food".Now, don't get me wrong-I dig this place, but mainly for the outdoor seating and awesome atmosphere.  It's a great place to bring out-of-town guests-especially if you wanna relax and kick-back a few beers.I usually order the fish and chips and curry french fries.  Be warned: the FULL size order are 2 huge fish pieces..wow...lots of food, BUT not great food.Our waitress seemed a little more impressed with herself than us, so that was annoying. Come to think of it, her attitude could be justification for my 8 month old to fling his Fisher-Price teething ring at her as she 'occasionally' sauntered past. My summary is:Irish banger (burnt)wonton appetizer+2 dinners of fish and chips+4 beers=$89.00!!!!!Bundle that up with Little Miss Prissy Pants and I left thinking I could have fried my own fish and drank a couple Guinness while relaxing on the patio in my PJs.  All that and have $60 still in my wallet.Go have beer and sit outside.  Eat later.
5	Even though it's not "on the strip" I always stop here when I'm in Vegas! Well worth the trip into Lake Las Vegas, especially if you're a golfer... Very friendly staff, great food, and the Guinness is poured exactly as it should be. My only negative is that I have to fly 2500 miles to get here. So if you're looking for some good craic and a better pint, check it out here! Live music and a big patio for those wonderful Vegas nights are also big plusses!Slainte!
3	Overall I enjoy Auld Dubliner. We've ate her a handful of times. Usually I eat the fish & chips which never fails to disappoint. Last time I ate corned beef tacos, it was a different twist on tacos. But, worth the difference! I enjoyed the meal. Just wished it didn't have so much lettuce. I gave this restaurant three stars because I believe it should have more Irish food options mostly cafe food. Service was good and at night they have an enjoyable fun live band.
2	fish and chips ........ plain jane prob the best place to drink  in the little shopping center of lake las vegas but def not worth it .. in fact skip lake las vegas all together .
2	Over priced greasy bar food. Although the portion was huge, the fish and chips were nothing special and super greasy. The corned beef chili was just meat and beans with no flavor or presentation.
1	Went here las month only to find the poor little busboy did all the work! Our tiny angry server treated us like we were bothering her  when we sat down . she demanded our order & we never saw her again the rest of the 25 mins we were there. Food wasnt bad , rueben was great  ,fish so so. Huge disappointment after reading rave reviews.
4	Extremely enjoyable place with a warm atmosphere, fantastic Bloody Mary, great beer and whiskey selections
1	The bar must really be struggling and the "owner" must be so desperate that he thinks it's a good idea to start fights with customers. Maybe if someone gets irritated enough, a fight will actually break out and he could collect an insurance check to save his ass.
4	I had low expectations for the Irish pub, being that it's in the middle of a basically desolate shopping center in Lake Las Vegas--but I was surprised. The service was excellent, the two folks who helped us out were attentive and nice. Other servers made sure to check on us as well, just to make sure we were doing okay.The fish sandwich, Reuben, and buffalo parm chicken fingers were all tasty (Beware: their fries have curry on them. Delicious but unexpected.) I'd avoid the parmesan fries, not worth the $2 upcharge.Beer seems a little bit pricy and the happy hour isn't really anything to brag about, but I'd place this pub in the "more than decent" category. Granted, it kind of has to be given there isn't much choice if you're in the area.
5	Food here is great!. Best bloody mary in town.. Service was awesome. Ask for Nichole!
4	Great fish and chips, nice batter not too heavy. The sausage rolls are a must. Great traditional pub beers and a decent whiskey selection too. The stew was lovely, a half order goes a long way!
2	We were in the area and I was starving so my friend and I went here since there's not very many options in Lake Las Vegas. Usually, when I'm starving, food tastes better and I finish everything on my plate. The place wasn't busy at all. The servers were quite friendly to the older men. The food came out 20-30 minutes after placing our order.BBC Burger:My friend loved this burger. It has pickles, bacon, chipotle BBQ sauce, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato and onions. They have turkey options for their burgers if you don't eat beef. The patty was tasty and juicy. The chipotle BBQ sauce was delish. This came with curry fries. 4/5Fish Sandwich:This looked so good but doesn't taste as good. It comes in a toasted brioche bun, tartar sauce, pickles, onions, tomato, lettuce and a huge piece of fried and breaded fish. No flavor though. 2/5Garlic Parmesan Fries:Whenever I see garlic parm fries on the menu, I have to have it. No ifs, ands or buts about it. However, I was mighty disappointed with this version. It had no flavor to it. I sprinkled lots of salt just so I could eat this. Lots of oil, no garlic/Parmesan taste. I couldn't finish this. 1/5This was a bad choice for a cheat meal and it made me so sad. I only ate half of whatever we ordered. It's like they have something against flavor.
5	I don't like to give 5 stars for reviews, because I like the restaurant the way it is and don't want it to get over crowded.   But the Auld dubliner deserves it.We went there expecting so so fare, and were shocked that even the ribs were delicious.   Fish and chips are amazing and delicious,  bangers and mash are also amazing.   The pull pork sandwich is a pass, not so great.   Lake Las Vegas is as beautiful as ever and so quiet and peaceful.
2	I went here on a Tuesday night and as usual, this very nice Las Vegas Resort area was sadly very deserted...  My wife and I tried this restaurant since we do enjoy a good Pub.  This was among the worst services I've ever had - I can't think of a worse one that didn't involve the manager coming up and comping our meal.  We were in no hurry, so we didn't make a fuss out of it, but we were ridden by "apologies" when the waitress forgot to bring us something we requested, but then she would never correct it by actually bringing it!  The sad thing is that there was really no excuse because this restaurant was about as empty as the Resort area.   The food was actually pretty good, but it would have been nice with the sides/refills we requested but never received.  Also my pint of Guinness was like 9 bucks, which I just find ridiculous - especially for an Irish Pub.  I'm giving it 2 stars just because the experience may be different on a weekend and also the food was actually good.
5	The fish and chips are delish, small place but very cozy and the live music was great!! I'm definitely coming back. I love the vibe and the staff is really friendly.
5	I've been to pretty much every restaurant in Lake Las Vegas and the pub is by far the best and one of the best restaurants I've ever been to. The service is great and the food is amazing! The ahi tuna tacos, fish tacos and Reuben sandwich are a must try. Oh and the nachos with corned beef are great too! I've honestly never had anything bad there. My roommate and I go at least once a week! 5 stars!
2	Hit and miss. Have been here many times and have had some good nights and some bad ones. Food is good, albeit greasy, and decent beer menu. Won't change the tvs from nba so if you prefer anything else, go down the road.
4	Great place to stop for a pint of Carlsberg and to catch the world cup whilst escaping the afternoon heat. Friendly clean and a good crowd.
5	Service was great! Our server was attentive and very nice! The decor was great!!! Loved all the antiques ! I could have been there forever looking at all the trinkets. The food- my husband has the fish and chips. He loved it!!! He is a good eater and was satisfied with the half order. The portion is very generous! I had the corned beef tacos. I was a little iffy on trying it- but I love to try new things , plus our server high recommended them , WOW  they were sooooo good! Thinking about going back tonight!!! Have the fish and chips and the corned beef tacos!!! Don't forget the beer!
5	Awesome service and very friendly staff. They are in an area that looks deserted, but right by the lake and if the casino comes back this place will be absolutely amazing. As for the food i had the fish sandwich and an order of soda bread. Soda bread was great, but as it was soda bread it was just kind of soda bread. The fish sandwich for the price was much more than enough and was delicious. I would go here any chance i got to just hang out and drink eat a little, sadly a little bit of a drive from the strip where i am staying.
4	Nice little Irish pub atmosphere and a friendly staff. Service was prompt. Had the bbc burger and garlic parm fries. Burger was delicious and cooked at a perfect medium rare. I'd save your $2 up charge on the fries, and actually skip the fries altogether. Unless of course you like bland steak fries, despite the promise of garlic parm goodness. All in all, a solid Irish that pours a nice Guinness.
5	Food was awesome! I had blackened ahi tuna salad which was the best I ever had! Truly! My companions had the Reuben and the blackened ahi tuna tacos and raved about those dishes too! Service was friendly too. I'd definitely come back.
5	First of all I have been to this place a lot! Love the staff, love to see wedding parties and love that people are supporting the Lake Las Vegas area! Usually the music is very good a guy Tim Catching is exceptional and he usually has a guy on drums or more people with him.  Lately they have had a real downer singer with a good voice but awful schtick/jokes and sings nothing but downer songs.  He is Filipino and I like his name is Arron or Arrow. He is with another guy and he smokes non stop when he isn't singing.  I don't stay long when this guy is there but otherwise I love this place!
5	Awesome place!!!! Great food and drinks. Staff is awesome! I try to go there at least once a week! Never had a problem there.
3	This is the only Irish bar I've frequented in the area and it is about the only good bar in Lake Las Vegas that isn't a hotel bar.  Definitely a made for tourists spot with over the top Irish decor but the food and drink are good.  It seems to be one of the few busy things in this fairytale ghostland of a make believe village/shopping area.
