4	Note this is a donut shop (period) It is not a coffee shop with fancy lattes, espressos and Americanos in cups with invented names. Plain and simple it is a fairly decent donut shop that also sells coffee. The location is great (. Not many donut shops nearby ) the store itself is new, clean and spacious   Every donut I tried was good and fresh. The counter staff were very friendly and helpful. The store opened for the first time in mid November 2013.
5	This place is bananas...and bananas is good!  I'm so happy Bosa opened up a location within 2 miles of where I live.  I either drove to the Chandler location or the one on Southern.  Their donuts are so good, it's worth the trek.  This location did NOT disappoint.  The store is very clean, friendly and the donuts are amazing.  My favorites are the maple long johns, apple fritters and if they have them, the cake donuts with chocolate icing sprinkled with peanuts.  If the owners are reading this what I would love to see in the future are king size donuts.  A larger than life glazed donut where it takes up the whole box.  Ha ha.  When I bring Bosa in to my work it does not take long for my co-workers to gobble them down.
5	We came here armed with a coupon for a free donut, and were impressed with the cleanliness and overall atmosphere of this little donut shop. The interior decor is very nice, with warm colored accents and trim, as opposed to the stark white walls and slightly dingy feel of other donut shops. In addition to donuts, they also have boba tea, coffee, and sandwiches. They are open 24 hours, and service was friendly and fast at this location.
3	The donuts at this place are decent, the cinnamon roll is actually pretty good. Their selection is pretty large and looks fresh. Coffee is decent. But my experience today is kinda meh...I came in here to redeem a coupon which had "get a free dozen" or "get a free 1/2 dozen". It was my day to purchase for my co-workers, so I wanted to redeem the free dozen, and then buy a half dozen, plus a coffee for myself. When I walked in I explicitly said "free dozen" before handing over the coupon. I was in a hurry to get to work so I didn't think too much about how much she charged me. Well turns out she charged me for the dozen instead. I can't help but feel a little ripped off even though it's really not much money.Moral of the story is, make sure you add up your own numbers.
5	the old fashioned buttermilk were fantastic as usual.  i like that they often have 2 people working so you rarely have to wait.  plenty of seating and outdoor seating too. i notice this bosa makes their donuts a bit lighter than other locations so its a softer bite but still delicious
5	I am obsessed with their vanilla iced coffee! Their service was quick and friendly. Coffee and donuts were great as well!
4	I have had their donuts a few times and I am impressed. I think its pretty hard to mess up a donut, but to make it outshine the rest, that is amazing. I have had their maple, crumble, cinnamon buns, and  a simple glaze. I would pick this place, hands down, over Krispy Kreme. I am not a coffee drinker, so I can't tell you how their coffee is. Just make sure you ASK for napkins. They are always hidden.
5	This is the best Bosa in the Valley. It's clean, updated, spacious and inviting. (The other locations I've been to over the past 15 years have always been a little dingy.)  The donuts are super fresh, day and night, and the service is likety-split fast. Try the Chocolate Devils Food or the Boston Cream...both are melt-in- your-mouth, slap-yo-momma good! Mmmm
