5	Oh my goodness, I wish there were more stars to give.  Six?  Seven?  Does this mean I have to knock some stars off my other yarn store reviews?  Maybe.  Just maybe.Knit Happens just "happens" (eek) to be the most gorgeous yarn store I have seen in... well, maybe ever.  It is the most spacious, shopable, and beautifully laid-out store I have been to in the Valley.  Upon entering, a zen-like calm descended and I felt immediately I would be coming here again... and again...I was worried because I had a hard time getting them on the phone.  I kept getting a FAX machine, then a message, then a FAX machine again and I was concerned they weren't really open.  When I finally got to speak to someone in person, I was a little more concerned because the woman seemed a little confused by my book request.  But then, they've been open less than a month and I was looking for a particular book... but they had it and put it on hold for me.  I had already decided I would come again, if ONLY for the covered parking.  Much appreciated in the first week of September in Phoenix.  That it was simple to get a stroller in there was another plus.  But the toys for my three-year-old!?   A lot of craft stores have a handy bucket of old, cruddy toys that are at least 'new' to your little ones, but this was a SPREAD.  Kid-sized table and chairs, coloring books, blocks, legos, hobby horse, a huge bucket of dinosaurs of all kinds, etc.  Yeah, I'll be back.  I can't get my kid to leave!But I came for the yarn.  And yarn they have.  Not a crappy, acrylic brand in sight.  GORGEOUS stuff.  They have TONS of Debbie Bliss yarn and patterns, all the Sublime books and yarn, a lot of Tahki, the new Teva Durham yarns, a great Mission Falls selection.  Some great recycled yarns I am not familiar with... I could go on and on.  This is high-end, fashion-forward, beautiful stock - the only store that comes close to this kind of yarn in the (NORTH) Valley, in my opinion, is Jessica Knits, which is just so damn far away...I am a yarn geek, in that I like to surf the web and find new yarns, and I love to be surprised at a yarn store, which I certainly was here.  I had a hard time committing to a project, there were so many beautiful yarn choices, and fantastic pattern books, too.  Staff was FANTASTIC: friendly, not horrified by my kids, so accommodating and not overbearing as some other stores.  5 stars for them, too.The store, as I said, is very spacious.  A huge kitchen and staff room in back with the kids' play area.  The main store area, beautifully laid out, easy to see the yarn, as I said, very shopable.  There is also a HUGE project table, very cool, that sits probably 8 or 10 people.  Every seat has a sort of cubby (an indentation in the table) that will either hold your ball of yarn, or your drink so it doesn't spill on your work.  There is a room behind the project table with chairs, couch, big screen TV and pattern books and magazines.  You can cozy up, watch the food channel, browse books or stick your non-knitting friend/husband/carpool there to enjoy him or herself.You've got to go to Knit Happens.  I think it is SUPERIOR to many Valley stores - only Jessica Knits is in this league.  If you want current, high-quality yarns, fashion-forward project ideas with fantastic service, go to Knit Happens.  The staff said there are tons more new yarns coming in every day.  Can't wait to go back.
5	I can not stop raving about this place to all of my friends and family.  I just started knitting a few months ago...didn't know how to knit at all and wanted to knit an aphgan.  So I walked into Knit Happens, and they taught me how to knit.  They also walked around the store and showed me the different yarns.  The experience was extremely personal.  When I found the yarn that I wanted, Knit Happens didn't have enough for an entire aphgan...so they called their sales reps and bent over backwards to get the yarns in.....then, when my friends dog got into one of the balls of yarn, they told me to bring the yarn in, and they would untangle the yarn for me.  Obviously, this took alot of time for a sale that they had already made.  Now, I am on my last ball of yarn and am out of the state.  I called Knit Happens, and they are mailing the balls of yarn to me....if this is not service, then I don't know what is....CJ and Mary are helpful and their yarn selection far exceeds other shops that I have looked at recently.  Knit Happens has made my knitting experience very personal and memorable.  I will be back.
3	Knit Happens....this is a great store in a great location with extremely helpful staff. They do offer a variety of classes and there is a great selection.  Also, the samples they have provided really do inspire you if you're in a knitting bind.But, this isn't the best place in the Phoenix if you are new to the world of knitting. ONLY for cost reasons. Sure, if you have a boatload of money and want to drop it on some great yarns - then by all means, have at it. However, there are plenty of other local knitting stores that offer less "pricey" yarns that are just as nice for first-time projects. (And I 'm not talking about Michael's or Hobby Lobby...)That being said -- this is definitely THE place to get your finer fibers. And when I mean finer, I'm talking $$$$$ finer. Beautiful cashmere's (NOT BLENDED), wonderful alpacas, soft soft soft silks.... I completed a pair of socks using cashmere and the total came to about $60 for my supplies. A typical blend that I use often would run me approximately $20.
5	It's my knitting home! Knit Happens is a really special place where people can sit around a table and slow down from the rest of the world for awhile. The friendly staff make everyone feel welcome, and the atmosphere is inclusive and inviting to new and experienced knitters alike. They do not pressure people to buy. They have quality yarn in stock as well as bargain priced. You can buy super cheap stuff at Wal-mart, or you can buy quality ingredients for your knitting if you want your work to last. I don't like to eat fast food, and I don't like to knit with cheap yarn.. just my personal preference. Either way, it's great to have a place to knit with fun people who are kind and helpful while working through difficult patterns.
2	I went this store while visiting Phoenix from San Francisco. I was looking for something unusual I could take home and either knit myself or give to someone as a gift from my travels.My initial impression of the store was well, impressive. It is by far the swankiest knitting store I have ever seen, and the name is really funny. Expectations raised, I ventured inside. Sadly, my expectations were not realized. Knit Happens is a serious case of mutton dressed up as lamb. The inside of the store continued to be very fancy. It was well laid out and bright. The woman who worked thre was very nice, but their inventory was ass. I'm sorry, but it was. Everything they had was a large national brand that I can get in San Francisco, and frankly, buy online. Mind you, they were nice brands. They had a wide selection of Malabrigo, which is possibly my favorite brand. But again, heavy saturated in the market place. Knit Happens is essentially the Wal Mart of yarn.  I'll tell you one thing I really did appreciate: When I asked the sales lady if they had anything lcoal, unusual or unique she answered me honestly that they did not. She told me that tourists/visitors frequently stopped by asking for local or artisan products and that she had suggested it to the owner. Here's hoping the owner is listening!
5	Really nice selection of yarns, although they don't stock the quantity of lace and sock-weight yarns that some places do. Nice bright store.The women who helped me hit just the right balance between helping me find stuff and letting me browse on my own. Also they wound a 900-yard skein of laceweight without blinking. Calling this store the "Walmart of yarn" is bizarre, unless the Walmarts in San Francisco are way nicer than the ones I've been in.
4	Love them! Please support your local yarn store instead of buying from the big box stores. *steps off of soapbox* This is a great store, and they just moved to 8100 E. Indian School Road, east of their previous location. They just got Malabrigo, which is a great value for a luscious yarn. I can't wait for their yarn tasting event 11/10!
5	One of my fave stores ever!!
3	Very fun store with a cute name!I took a class here, and it was very well run. I would only suggest that we were given better yarn to work with in class and that the class was a bit longer because there was much to learn.There are many classes offered, and there are lots of choices for yarn and other materials.
5	I have only visited this store once so far but I will be returning very soon. They have a large and amazing selection of yarns and accessories. They had several types of yarn on sale for an amazing price and the owner was super helpful. I can't wait to go back!
3	Sort of conflicted on how to rate this shop so I went middle of the road.It was lovely and clean, the people were friendly but they did not a carry many of the brands I have come to know and love, things I would expect from any high end shop, Malabrigo and MadTosh for example.  But it's also stupidly hot most of the year so perhaps there isn't much demand for wool.  As an out of towner, I can't really expect them to cater to the climate demands of my region instead of their own. The prices were not competitive, I was surprised to find most skeins priced higher than a typical California shop.  Again, perhaps this is because I'm not familiar with the region. To their credit, when asked for local and/or different, they were able to produce several skeins of locally handspun wool and also a few locally dyed choices.  The pickins were slim, but many shops in my travels have had absolutely nothing.  So something is better than nothing. So, some nice aspects to the shop but also some areas I would improve.
5	I think the staff is very helpful and happy to help the customer with all needs. The yarns, tools, bags and chatter is the best. Knit Happens has an abundance of wonder merchandise. Light, colorful and imaginative shop. A VISIT WILL MAKE YOU EXCITED TO KNIT AGAIN.
2	I have been to this store twice in 6 weeks while visiting the area. Both times I was never greeted by the sales staff, only by a Chihuahua type of dog that  followed me around while I tried to shop, wanting to be petted. The store had an strong, odd room deodorizer smell that was present both times. This alone, would prohibit me from buying yarn here. My clothes smelled of it even after I left the store, so I imagine the yarn would, too.  There was a big TV screen blasting some show that might have been meant to entertain patient husbands, but there were none in the store, and I found it distracting. The yarn selection, yes, the reason I was there, was just so so. If you are looking for a serious yarn store, go elsewhere. If you are looking for somewhere to watch soap operas or play with someones dog, come here.
4	I'm new to the world of knitting. Perhaps, I don't have many businesses to compare Knit Happens to, but I was completely overjoyed with the selection and service I received on my first visit. The yarn - is beautiful, so may different colors and textures. There are tons of pattern books, different sized needles, and basically anything you could think of that you may need when taking on a project. The staff was super friendly. I plan on going back today, because I need more yarn. Updates to come!
1	Being new to the area, and a knitter, I thought this might be a good place to get some stuff to keep myself busy.  I spent a good 30 minutes inside this store, checking out the beautiful wools and yarns and supplies, and was never once approached by any staff to see if I needed any help.  One staff member actually came within 3 feet of me and did not even acknowledge that I was there.  They were not busy, no other customers were roaming.  I don't like to be hounded in a store, but a little help finding things or advice would have been nice.  I ended up going to Wal-Mart to find some yarn for a project.  I may go back, but I don't think so.The Chihuahua did greet me and follow me around a bit, maybe I should give it a few stars?
1	I went in there once and none of the employees greeted me or even acknowledged my existence. I browsed their materials for about 10 minutes and a couple employees walked by me and never asked if I needed help! Terrible customer service!
5	I am visiting my mom in Scottsdale, so we decided to visit this adorable shop because I am a new knitter and have only worked with cheap acrylic yarn from Joann. I was so excited to buy good yarn, needles, and discover a cute but easy pattern. Katherine helped me out and was SO friendly! I just loved her. She taught me about yardage and how to choose yarn and downloaded a pattern for me she thought I'd be able to do. She also invited me back to visit when the owner was around, so we came back after I'd done my "gauge" and the owner sat with me for 20 minutes helping me! I will be going back a third time before I leave bc I really do need help and they are all so accommodating, even the ladies who don't work there but go to knit together. I wish I lived here to have access to all the beautiful supplies and helpful staff!
4	This is a wonderful store always pick up beautiful yarns walked in there the other day and they are closing their store no rhyme or reason given disappointed. Very few stores getting stores  that have this caliber of yarnWhat
