5	I have reviewed this gym at the N. Scottsdale location and the new Tempe location is definitely up to par! Great spot right off the highway and easy to find. This one isn't as booked as the Scottsdale classes because it's brand new. It's still just as great for me because I thoroughly enjoy the workouts I get from Jabz. However, I'll be really excited when there are more girls coming in because it's a great motivator with other chicks who are looking to get in shape and kick some butt! It's basically a VERY CHALLENGING circuit training with new exercises every visit. Keeps things fun and exciting so that you actually look forward to your workouts. I get bored so damn easy this is quite important for me.  Don't expect to come out feeling anything other than "man, I got my ass kicked". Len and the other trainers will work you and encourage you to do your best! Ladies, don't be intimidated by my ass kicking remarks. It's fabulous. And your progress shows that. As I said, they're great motivators so I'm sure you will find you really enjoy it. I purchased visits on groupon and just stuck with it since. Victory is mine!
5	I took classes at the Scottsdale location about a year ago and was thrilled when they opened a location in Tempe where I live.  I love the variety of the workout and the instructors are very helpful and encouraging.  The time just flies by during the workout.  I also like that they have a warm up routine and a stretch afterwards.   Don't be afraid to try this even if you haven't worked out in awhile or you passed being a "20 something" a long time ago.  You will be amazed with the results
3	Very disappointed. I wanted to like it. Women only and kickboxing sounds great!  Unfortunately from the start it was lacking. The website was not working right and it took two calls and two emails to get a call back. The website says next to Ikea..it's not. There are two shopping centers next to ikea and this is not in either of them. Get there and have to finally ask for help as no one seems to be interested. The woman that showed me around was very friendly but once the class started I had to ask multiple people what I was supposed to be doing. Students..as instructors were busy at the desk with something. The warm up is apparently on your own but I was clueless. Then the class starts and I boxed once and kicked once during a very long circuit. Isn't this supposed to be a boxing place!?  I did a ton of push ups and bicep curls-but I can get that at my local gym or heck in my own home. I wanted a great boxing workout!  I did not get it. The energy in the whole place was lacking so much I actually asked someone if it was always this quiet. I went to Title in Ahwatukee last week to compare and I got a kick ass cardio boxing workout. Their prices are better and the energy and enthusiasm blew me away. I will be going back to title.
5	I really love coming to Jabz. The energy and atmosphere in the place makes you want to work hard. Being a college athlete i didn't think these workouts would be hard for me, but i was very surprised. It kicked my butt and i loved it! What is super nice is that you work at your own pace. No body is watching you, except for the trainer who is constantly circulating to help with the different exercises and pushing you to always get in one more set. I love how i can drop in and get a good quality workout in an hour! I have just recently moved into the area and it was nice to come into an all female gym and make some new friends! It is fun working out with all the girls. i enjoy coming back to the classes and seeing the same faces as well as some new!I recommend this gym! I got on groupon and got a great deal! They also have one free week for new girls who want to try it!! Try it! You won't regret it!!
5	I love this place!  Got turned on to it by a friend so bought a groupon to try it.  Workouts are fun and challenging !  It's so fun to hit something, haha:).  The trainers are fabulous and encouraging to all fitness levels.   I highly recommend this place!
5	Just started going here and I love it! Such a great work out and the trainers are great! Everyone was very nice and welcoming and I love the atmosphere. Overall a really good place to workout and the groupon deal was worth it!
