4	Every year at about this time, empty spaces around Charlotte start filling up again.  Unfortunately they are not stores that will last or anything as interesting as that, but at least you know that they will be there for a short while.No, these are simply seasonal outlets that can meet just about any need that you may have for the holiday at hand.  And I mean 'hand' quite literally.  You can get a hand (or an arm, leg, foot, head or any number of other body parts) for your Halloween haunting pleasure.Too bad that shortly after Halloween, all the goodies go back into storage until next year, and there are loads of empty spaces once again.  But it is perhaps better than not having them used at all.
3	It wouldn't be October in Matthews without costume-clad sign holders standing on Hwy 74 directing commuters to the Spirit Halloween Store.  From late September through Halloween, retail space in Windsor Square that normally sits dormant the rest of the year turns into a hauntingly ripe playground for all your needs.As Chad E. said, the props and decorations they sell range from tame to down-right creepy (this year's demonic children are something else...).  They do try to have novel decor to purchase every year - I can't quite tell if they are catering to what's popular or defining what's going to be popular this year.  As far as costuming needs go, I have been unimpressed the past couple years.  It seems the assortment leaves much to be desired and the prices are steep.  This year, I was in search of something feudal or Renaissance in nature and found no such thing...not even a Robin Hood costume I could modify!  I did find a few things I could use to piece together my chosen costume at Party City, though.  And ladies, your only choices are "Sexy (insert occupation)."All told, Spirit Halloween Store will remain part of my "getting in the spirit" tradition.  This is my go-to place for porch and party decorations.  Hopefully next year the costume selection will be just as varied.
