4	China shop - meet bull. Seriously... I was afraid to walk around the place with so many delicate things on display. Lovely, absolutely lovely. I have a strange family who like octopuses (octopi?) and jellyfish and I was able to find unique and gorgeous pendants of - well, an octopus and a jellyfish. A shop that caters to my quirks? Amazing.
4	Lovely Venetian glass art. Where else to find it? But in the grand Canal Shoppes of the Venetian. Jewelry, bowls, lamps, sculptures, wind chimes, balls, animals.....so many fanciful designs in great color. The service was great. I saw a mobile in the window that I liked but was only going to get it in particular colors, which I didn't fully see. They went into the back, found part of the colors not on display and swapped out for others that were. Perfect! The store is on the pricey side, even if it is handmade and it is Vegas. But a terrific place to buy a gift.
5	Phenomenal store, and they don't even mind my taking pictures.  I was so excited to take the photos, I didn't even bother checking actual prices...... as if I might be able to buy something.  But maybe I could.  NEXT time, I'll actually look at the prices.  The glassware is exquisite........vibrant colors, wonderful pieces of art.......vases, bowls,  figurines, jewelry.......even mezuzahs !!!  I love every piece they displayed, but then, I sooooooooo love handblown glass art.  LOVE THIS STORE !!!!!!!
5	I stayed at the Venetian over the past Christmas Holidays and stopped in the store on my arrival date. I had purchased some of the murano glass candies a couple years ago when in Las Vegas and searched in vain for more of the same quality when I got back home. None were as good so I made a point this trip of buying more of the same from Ripa De Monti.
4	Beautiful glassware and jewelry; the only place I know where you can get a murano glass necklace on the strip.  These pieces truly are works of art.  Hard to believe that in a place such as the Venetian that replicates Italy, there is only the one shop to find this sort of thing, but glad they have it.
