5	My experience with Jeremy and his team was outstanding, especially given that they are in Arizona and I'm in Georgia. Here is the email I sent them just hours after closing on our home to express my gratitude: "Jeremy, Tonia and Alexa, I just want to say thank you SO much for all the hard work you each did to get us where we are today: CLOSED!! The closing went off super smoothly. In fact, the attorney and both real estate agents commented on how rare it is for that to happen today, ESPECIALLY where all the funds are in hand, including the lender funds. I know this is a direct result of the mounds of work and attention to detail that each of you gave to the transaction in advance. And from a communication standpoint, no one can hold a candle to you folks. As a project manager whose job it is to do that and do it well every day, I take my hats off to you. As a buyer it took away so much of the anxiety I could have experienced. Thanks again. YOU. GUYS. ROCK. I'm off to nest now in my new home..."I was so impressed with them that I can't wait to find the next person who needs a good mortgage lender so I can say "Oooh, ooh!! Do I have a loan officer for you!". Don't walk, run to your phone to get in touch with Jeremy. It will pay off big time.
5	I used to liken the whole loan and mortgage process to any number of similarly excruciating life occurrences: root canal, visit to car dealership, walking on broken glass.  Between the foreign language that money people speak, the crazy amount of paperwork required and the hard to understand list of fees and charges, when seeking a home mortgage I used to resign to being taken advantage of in some manner.  I've had no fewer than six mortgages over the past 15 years with each one of them leaving me with very little sense of satisfaction other than the loan itself.  I came to Jeremy and his Prime Lending Team after walking through the loan process with one of those online lending companies that advertise low-cost and easy processing and delivered neither.  My initial impression was favorable but even the online guys said all the right things initially.  My second impression was more important and I liked Prime Lending's hands-on approach to the loan process.  It felt a lot more like I was dealing with people who were not only on the same page but I was actually a member of the team instead of the least important part of the equation.   The communication between the Prime Lending team and the client is so good it actually feels like yours is the only loan their working on.  Not one time did I ever have to ask about our loan status.  Not once did I ever have to wonder what we were reading or signing.  They do an amazing job of organizing, communicating and educating.  Most companies I've dealt with do a decent job of organizing, a fair to poor job of communicating and a horrible job of educating.  Let's face it, the loan process, is not easy.  And I'm not suggesting  that it take the place of golf or vacationing.   In today's money world, you will still work very hard providing, documenting and justifying your worthiness. It will be taxing and frustrating and demanding and satisfying - often all in the same day.  Jeremy's team at Prime Lending didn't invent the mortgage.  They just apply, and apply so well, the things that are grossly absent from the process in my opinion.  They involve you in the daily, sometimes hourly progress of your loan.  They are incredibly informed and organized and work tirelessly to make sure you stay organized too - even if you are not prone to doing so.  Jeremy assigns a loan officer assistant type person to your file (ours was Tonia).  Tonia's job is to make sure when your file goes to underwriting it is so complete there are no requests for additional documentation like a note from your mother or DNA analysis.  To be frank, I thought Tonia was a bit of a pain in the *ss at first.  Then you realize her goal is to be so thorough and even invasive that the underwriting part is reduced to a formality.  I have no doubt that is what happened in my case and that it was the best approach.  I always felt like in previous loans when files went to underwriting and I was asked for additional docs the loan processors weren't educated or didn't care enough to know what was needed to make the loan to begin with.  Tonia has a most difficult job as she has to ask the difficult questions. She has to impose and investigate and pry.  She was professional, knowledgeable and incredibly thorough.  I didn't fully appreciate the job she had done until we went to underwriting.  I could not be more satisfied with Jeremy and Tonia and the Prime Lending HOUSE team.  All you could ever ask of your loan people is for them to be competent, honest, make the process as painless as possible and that they minimize unforeseen obstacles, understand timelines and share information with you along the way.  They have done that for us.  They have exceeded our expectations and I will openly recommend them to anyone willing to listen.
5	Jeremy and The House Team are amazing! I am in the real estate business so I work with many lenders on a daily basis. Jeremy and his team are among the very best! Their level of communication and professionalism is way above par! Our loan approval process went very smoothly and our loan documents were delivered to the title company THREE WEEKS early! Highest recommendation possible!!
4	Jeremy seems knowledgeable of the industry trends and products available. Was a little slow in communication at first but was very responsive when that was brought to his attention. Look forward to working with him in the future.
5	In my experiences with home buying in the past, I must admit that I was not exactly expecting this one to be much different.  I'm used to calling the lender repeatedly for one reason or another; a fax that "we never received" or a turn of events at the last minute when my self employment "must have been an oversight" and created more of a delay.  It has always been a big pain in the a--!! Needless to say, my negotiations with Jeremy and Alexis were more than a pleasant surprise.  In fact, the maintenance and follow through was superb which at one point even made me wonder if they weren't suspect.  However; the end results proved that their agency was everything it said it was and more.  To say I was delighted would be an understatement!  I hope if I ever move again that I will  be able to use them for my housing transactions.  They are truly wonderful!!
5	I don't know if there are enough positive adjectives to describe my experience with Peter Marthaler and the entire House team.  Our home sold the first day on the market in NM and the buyer had an aggressive time table to close.  We found a home in TX we wanted to purchase and that left Peter and the House team 2 weeks to close.  That is atypical but man, where they up for the Challenge!  We had constant communication, no surprises, and they were the definition of teamwork and tenacity.  Thanks to all of you who contributed and special thanks to Peter for spearheading the efforts to get us into this immaculate home!
5	The House Team were amazing in every way during our home buying process.  We worked closely with Pete who was very knowledgeable and was able to answer all our questions.  They kept us updated on our status every Tuesday and Friday and included a great chart that showed what steps were next.  We had been told that buying a home was very stressful but the House Team was able to make it a smooth and quick process on our way to purchasing our home.
5	This was my first home buying experience and I chose PrimeLending because my realtor suggested them.  She sold me on them by telling me that they will keep me informed of every step and will even keep me informed when nothing is going on.  She was exactly right.  Jeremy was friendly and enthusiastic about the mortgage process from the first phone call.  He called me every week and emailed me every week to keep me updated on the process and to make sure all of my questions were answered.  His assistant, Tonia, was equally friendly and promptly answered every question I had.  She was also very patient with "dumb" questions and in helping to ease my anxiety about the process as a whole.  I would definitely work with them again and recommend them to everyone looking for a lender who will make the process as stress free as possible.
5	I've been extremely pleased working with Jeremy and The House Team for my lending needs, including a streamline refinance and purchase of a new home.When we looked at refinancing our last house a little over a year ago, I had talked to a few lenders that would either take forever to respond to my questions or never made me feel comfortable about the process. After just an hour of getting him my information, Jeremy was able to show me how much I would save by refinancing and immediately answered all of my questions. It was a no brainer for me at that point. Jeremy and The House Team requested the remaining information they needed and then executed my refinance quickly and efficiently.Then less than a year later, we we considering buying a new house but weren't sure about market conditions or the rules about buying after recently refinancing.  Jeremy answered all of my questions and then some.  He put us at ease and we started the home buying process.  There were a few hiccups along the way related to the appraisal, but Jeremy was on top of it.  Despite these hiccups, The House Team had our loan ready to close early.  We decided to keep our close date, but with all the stories you hear about people not closing on time, just knowing things were all set for us was a great feeling.I appreciate you guys making it a painless process.  Hopefully we won't be buying AGAIN any time soon, but if we do we will definitely be checking in with The House Team.
5	If you are shopping for a lender for your home purchase, or investment properties, do yourself a BIG favor and contact the House Team.We have closed a number of loans with Jeremy and his staff, and could not be happier with the service.  The attention to detail, availability of staff to answer questions, competitiveness, and friendliness is superb.   We have dealt with other lenders before, and the service starts off great, but it seems to trail off as the closing date nears.   With The House Team, the service you get up front, is the same service you will get the day before, and the day of closing.We look forward to a long relationship with Jeremy and his entire staff!!Gary W -  Richard M
5	It was my first time buying a home and I was pleased with the House team. For someone who knew nothing about the home buying process or lending, Jeremy took the time to sit down and walk me through pretty much everything which I was thankful for. The team does great work, they stay on top of everything and guide you through each step. Email communication is a little excessive but I'd rather that than nothing at all. Thanks for your service!
5	My wife and I moved to eastern Washington from the Phoenix area and were in the market to purchase a home. We were pre-approved with another lender and therefore made an offer. The offer was accepted however the pre-approved loan was then not approved. Jeremy and his team stepped in quickly and efficiently and met the closing deadline with a fully approved loan. We're grateful Jeremy and his team were recommended as we are very happy with our new home!  Communication and regular progress updates on the stages of the loan were greatly appreciated.
