5	Fantastic little bread bakery in Chandler. I noticed their sign in a strip mall near my house and finally stopped in today. I sampled the Sriracha, lemon, and cinnamon bread. Since I don't like raisins I bought the cinnamon rather than the cinnamon raisin bread. The lemon bread was tangy and moist with a glaze on top. The Sriracha bread was savory with just a little bit of spice and I can imagine would be perfect for sandwiches.  If you want homemade bread without taking the time to make it yourself this is the perfect place to stop by!
5	Great place for homemade fresh bread. I have buying my breads there since they have opened. My husband swears by the srichicha swirl and the newest tomato and onion. I love the applesauce raisin and around the holidays the pumpkin rolls were devine!  The owners are also genuinely nice people!
5	You should be asking yourself why you have never been to gratifying grains yet because you are missing out. The place is fantastic! The sriracha bread makes the absolute best grilled cheese sandwiches I have ever had in my life. The owners could not be nicer and they have completely changed my mind about scones. Hard and disgusting? Never. Soft and delicious? Always. Prices are very reasonable and all the baked goods are fresh. You heard me FRESH! Fresh like baked just minutes before you walk in the door. Some of the items available rotate a bit, usually with what is in season, so like them on Facebook to keep up. Just keep in mind they are only open on Thursdays and Saturdays. So seriously, stop in, get a sample or two and start enjoy some of the amazing treats from GGrains.
5	This bread is so good that I stop while visiting Phoenix and bring it home to Alaska in my carry-on.  I particularly like her cinnamon bread; but every loaf is made with loving care so you can't go wrong no matter what you choose.  Don't miss this little hidden gem.  She isn't open every day (as she does supply some commercial accounts) so be sure to check before heading over..  I assure you it's worth the wait.
5	Friendly service and delicious breads! My husband has to have the banana bread every day and my daughter is addicted to the sricha rolls. This is a hidden gem.
5	This is the bread you would make at home if you: 1. Had the time. 2.  Weren't lazy. 3.  Had exceptional baking skills. Friendly staff that are generous with the samples. They're only open to the public on Thursdays and Saturdays.
5	Betsy's Swedish Rye bread is the best I have ever tasted - even if you don't like (typical) rye bread, give it a try. You can taste the rye, but the hint of coffee and sweetness take this bread to a whole different level.  Place your order/s soon before  the store closes - and try the sun-dried tomato/caramelized onion bread while you are at it.  I recommend the Swedish Rye for Reuben sandwiches, and the other for a special addition to a family brunch.
