3	Great local pub to have a drink and watch the game.  There is also a separate dining area which serves your basic diner menu and a daily special.  I recommend the fish and chips.But the bar is where to go: numerous flat screen tv's, nice selection of brew, and friendly bartenders.  The weird thing is you can't order food in the bar area.Overall, a good place to unwind and grab some comfort food.
3	Here's the thing about Village Pub...it's just that, pub food. It's the right price, it's nothing fancy, no frills or thrills. You can go there in your gym clothes or sweats and a hoodie. It's the perfect beer and fried food kind of place, and works great in a "I really don't feel like cooking but I don't want to shell out a lot of cash to eat out" kind of place. Good points 1. cheap draft beer 2. Jumbo Fried Shrimp, YUM! 3. BLT (make sure you add avocado and get it on Sourdough) 4. Fish n Chips 5. their ranch is tasty 6. steak fries, my fave kind of fry 7. if we don't drink too much we can get out of there for about $30 for the two of us 8. consistent with the food quality and portions Negatives 1. this location has a very noisy HVAC fan or something that kicks on and off and makes a ridiculous noise. Kind of annoying but you can drown it out with conversation and numb the pain with inexpensive draft beer. 2. salad = iceberg lettuce (not such a bad thing if you are expecting it) 3. sometimes the service and the kitchen are a teeny bit slow. But it's a pub, so drown the thought in beer. 4. corny ship paintings Thanks Village Pub for consistent, inexpensive pub food. Yum.
4	There are a few foods that I just love, and one of them is sweet potatoes. We specifically went to Village Pub for lunch so that I could try their tater tots made with sweet potatoes. Yes, that is right. SWEET POTATER TOTS. That's what they are called on the menu, I can't make this stuff up! We sat in a booth in the bar area, our waitress was the bartender. She had someone helping her bring our drinks but otherwise it was just her helping multiple people at the bar as well as another table in addition to ours. She did a great job of making sure we never waited too long for anything. I had the club sandwich, which came with my choice of fries or tots (they also had onion rings as an option, those were an additional charge) and a pickle spear. It was a pretty basic sandwich, the bacon was nice and crispy but the star of my meal was the tots, without a doubt. Slightly smaller then the standard tots I am used to, great consistency and super yummy. 3 stars for being an A-OK, inexpensive pub to grab a bite to eat. Plus 1 star for the sweet potater tots. As long as they keep those on the menu, I will be back!
3	The village pub is your typical pub. I specifically went in to try the chicken fried chicken. Total throw back comfort food from my youth!  The good... portions were big, price was good, potatoes and veggies were real. Down side... no country gravy!  The gravy they used was way over salted, and the chicken a bit bland.Over-all not a bad experience, enjoyed grabbing a cocktail in the bar area, and I appreciated the fact that the dining area is separate from the bar.I will go back.
5	Fantastic food, superior microbrew, motivated staff. Even at their busiest, these people know what teamwork is all about. I especially value Marlon and Carol, but I'm biased. Heck, everybody that works there has been great to me. Always polite, pleasant, and deserving of a 20% tip EvErY time.Food I have enjoyed here during my frequent visits over the last several weeks: Fish And Chips, Village Pub Pot Pie, 10 oz Sirloin on special, Prime Rib (on special Saturdays, usually), Chicken Soup, Chili, and this hunka-molten-choco-thing for dessert.+++Plus+++ Ellis Island microbew on tap... "Hefe Weiss" (yeast-wheat beer) and Amber Ale.Highly rewarding experience for me every time, at a price I can keep coming back often. Separate bar and restaurant (which means smoking at the bar), good for groups and a great menu for kids.Oh, yeah, lots of sports big screens up in the bar, too, with them there slot machines for them there gambler folks. :)
4	Pretty fast service during the hours I'm there. Oscar is the best!!! The prices are reasonable too.
5	Yum mmmm Yum!Yearly tradition, must have the corned beef and cabbage dinner! As this time of year comes around, my body starts talking to me and LOUD! My mouth starts to water, drool, salivate like crazy thinking of that succulent tender and juicy corned beef! Now I have on several occasions bought a corned beef brisket and cooked in my slow cooker, although delicious as well, is not the same as going out and enjoying it at Village Pub.Village Pub always rocks all year no matter what you order, but corned beef and cabbage time is just the best and their busiest day of the year. I have always eaten at the location on Fort Apache, this year decided to try the south rainbow restaurant which is just as fabulous!I like that the smoking section in the bar is enclosed with glass so that when you are eating it is completely smoke free!The food and service is always outstanding! Prices are more than reasonable for the generous portions you get! I wish I knew the Owner of this joint, I would so give him, her or both a nice big juicy kiss for having such an awesome Pub!Mmmm yum I am still savoring the tender and melt in your mouth corned beef brisket, it is moan worthy! The meal was ridiculous big, a nice hearty portion which was incredible and left me stuffed to the brim! The complete corned beef and cabbage dinner came with your choice of soup or salad. I ordered a salad w/ranch. Mmmm oh sock it to me they have the best ranch on earth! I want to drink it from a cup it is sooooo good! I want to take a bath in it and lick it off of my body it is that good!Mmmm check out Village pub, St. Patty's day or not their food and service can't be touched!Marlon was an awesome waiter, spoiled us with sweet service!Mmmm suck me silly this visit was Fantastic!
5	This has fast become a family favorite during our visits to vegas. This is a small place with great atmosphere, friendly and fun staff and WOW fantastic food. I almost dont want to tell anyone...could have been a great secret.
5	Chris is the best bartender!!
2	I work in the area so I come here for lunch sometimes.The waitstaff is hit or miss - some good, some not.  The same could be said for the meals.  Its very dark and the noise from other tables carries all over the restaurant.All in all its not a bad place but don't order the lunch special pasta - the sauce tastes like weeds, and I'm not too picky about pasta.  I always thought you couldn't go wrong with pasta but they have proven me wrong.
5	GREAT FOOD!  A gem!  Selection, service & quality were worth the drive to find it
4	Yummy fish and chips
5	Came here for a late night dinner after an amazing ugly sweater party, which my wife won! gj babe! It was around 12:30am, and the place was CRAZY decorated for Christmas! It looked AWESOME inside! We were greeted by "Rory" the bartender, who was excellent. He was very knowledgeable about everything they offered for happy hour and their regular menu.$2 Happy hour is Mon-Fri 3pm-7pm & 11pm-3am on Ellis Island draft beers, Wine, and Cocktails with many delicious alcohols to choose from. Also 1/2 off appetizers!The food was cheap and hit the spot!My wife got the classic burger, which she said was in her TOP 5 burgers at any bar shes been to. I ordered the "Pub Chicken" which was chicken sauteed in lemon accompanied by rice and sauteed veggies. It was a bit over acidic, but good, especially for a bar. This bar could absolutely be my wifes and I's new local pub. Good service, good food, and good Ellis Island beers on tap. Great end to our fantastic night.
5	One of the best meals you can find in Vegas at the most affordable price!!!I've been to this Village Pub more than 5 times. Every time I eat here the food is consistent, the service friendly and prompt, and the beer excellent! I'm the hugest fan of Ellis Island brews which you can get at all Village Pubs in the city at a price that feels like you are stealing. My favorite is to come to this pub for breakfast. I love their omelets and steak & eggs. They also serve Ellis Island's famous steak special, which I order here also. The prices can't be beat on the menu, and the quality of food is always consistent and above average. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!
4	The VP Classic Burger at lunch is a great deal and delicious. At the lunch the place is quiet and perfect for lunch appointments or a relaxing meal away from work. On tap Root Beer is also delicious.
3	The Village Pub is a great place if you're as cheap as me. I like it: depressing decor (vinyl booths, ESPN sports center playing in the background and no one under sixty in the place at 12 noon for lunch). It's basically your standard Las Vegas dumpy, dark Las Vegas lounge, but they do have good food.I've been there for lunch and dinner. Do yourself a favor and go there for lunch for the VP Burger lunch special. It's like $5.49 with thick steak fries and a pickle.You can't eat at McDonald's for that price. It's a great price for what you get. The burger is super juicy and delicious.  If you ask for medium rare, they'll actually make it medium rare (which is not common for this city). The fries are okay, but at that price, who cares?Going there every week, I would stay away from the Texas Style Chili. It's basically a can of Alpo they dumped in a bowl. A friend ordered it. Honestly, it looked like they boiled ground beef and then put it in a bowl. Out of instinct, I was compelled to set his bowl on the floor and whistle for my Irish Setter that died in 1991.Nevertheless, everything else I've had has been great  though. The burger is fantastic! The meatball sliders are incredible and the cream of chicken soup (only served on Mondays) is my favorite. Really, the food can be insanely good. I really like the Village Pub and I'll keep going there. Great price and okay variety. I really the place.
4	Love this place and the bartenders!! Good food and good beer!!!
3	I was really in the mood for fish and chips but didn't want to drive far. I saw some comments on Yelp on how good they were here. So what the hell...10 minutes later fish and chips with an added side of coleslaw. The coleslaw was dry, no dressing:( so I made my own with mayo and sugar. The fries were good. The fish was goog but not traditional...the beer batter had lots of seasoning which made the coating taste more like KFC. The fish was tasty and was cooked well. Nothing was greasy. It just didn't wow me or satisfy the need for fish and chips. Oh well...you live and you learn. My waitress was very friendly, which made things a bit better.
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!My husband and I come here all of the time.  It's our favorite and the food is always delicious!  It's never crowded though and we don't know why.  We love the service and the prices are fabulous!  You cannot beat the breakfast here, omelets and steak and eggs.  I also love the buffalo wrap and steak, baked potato and green bean dinner.  Fish and chips and Friday night fried shrimp, so delicious!  LUV, LUV, LUV IT!!!!!!
4	I always come here for one thing. The baby back ribs. They are the same baby back ribs as the spot inside Ellis Island. The sides are different but the bbq sauce is the same and the ribs are just as moist and fall off the bone.
5	By Far one of the best Gaming Bars and Family Restaurants in Las Vegas! The Bar is separated from the Restaurant for the convenience of Family's and Non smokers! Also one of the best Happy Hours in town. Between 3pm-6pm and 11-3am, Ellis Island Micro Brew Drafts are $2.50, Well and Call drinks are half off, and Amazing Appetizers are 1/2 off as well.The Bartender Danny is super awesome, He is so hospitable, he definitely gives the best service in town ;) The Restaurant side is great as well, I usually sit in the restaurant for breakfast on the weekends, The Steak and Eggs and Bloody Marys are amazing! As far as food, Ive ordered from both the Bar and restaurant, Everything has always came out great, The Fish N Chips, the Meatball Sliders, the Ribs, Its all good here I have not a single complaint about this place!
5	11pm-3am happy hour...need I say more?!I've always gone to PT's for drinks, but they continue to shorten their happy hour, which is now only 2 hours long. Additionally, all drinks are no longer 50% off. At this location, the bar itself is not the largest and it does not have pool tables, however, the price of drinks should be reason enough to come here. Their draft beers, house wines and certain liquors are $2 and appetizers are 1/2 off! The next time I decide to have a get together with friends for drinks, this is the place I'll be choosing.
5	Great location, Great Food, Great bartenders. Danny and Renee are it!  Fun Atmosphere..
5	I have only been to this Village Pub location but it has set the standard I expect from all of them. The beer is brewed locally and hits the spot every time and I was particularly pleased with the food. For bar food it is pretty damn good. Kudos to Danny the bartender.
4	The Fish and Chips were really good and the clam chowder was really good too.   The service is pretty marginal but we would go back because the food was good!
5	Agreed it seems! Been coming here since i moved to the sw 15 yrs ago... Renae, danny, eric,marlon, rory, julie, penny, chris, & jon the kitchen mgr has made this spot our 2nd home... My wife & i cant say enough  about the vp... Spent numerous holidays, special occasions, sporting events, & flat out good times here that leave us in tears because of the love that is within... Josue & rosendo the chefs also are incredible... Food is cheap & delicious beyond belief... Dont want to tell u all about the people and food here because you,ll all b here packed into our home... Love all u guys sooooo much!  Been in the industry for 27yrs  in vegas &  cant believe a place like this exists & is 5 mins away!!!!
5	I enjoy having breakfast here. There is never any wait. The staff is friendly. They offer daily specials which includes the steak and eggs for only $6.99. The steak is prepared to your liking, 2 eggs, potatoes, and toast, You can't beat that.
1	I went here for lunch and was very disappointed! I sat down and ordered a chef salad. After sitting there for 30 minutes and watching everybody who came way after me getting their food already, I was upset. Since the waitress never came back to the table, I had to ask someone else to check on my salad which should take only 10 minutes to make! Then I was told it was on its way out in about 5 minutes, Really?! So you forgot to make it and now I have to go back to work because my break is over. No one ever came over to apologize. Horrible customer service and I will not be back!
4	First time here for me, third time for my guy. We both had the steak special, 9.95$ with a baked potato, season veggies & soup or salad. Great taste with a great price!!! I will be coming back.
4	My first time here was for an event called Paint & Kimvas hosted by Kim. A few friends and I found her on groupon. She hosts a painting class in different locations in the valley. The particular painting we chose was conveniently taken place at Village Pub. Me & Nieves D. arrived early so we seated ourselves at the bar and ordered a round of moscato, our favorite. She decided to order a small appetizer, nachos. Little did we know.. "Small" isn't part of their vocabulary at Village pub. It was a mountain of nachos! Our other friend finally came. And the painting class was about to start so we just took our Nacho Mountain to the dining area. Our server, Brenden, came and got our 2nd round of drink orders. He was very pleasant and explained that the bartender can make whatever kind of drink we want. My two friends decided on a Tokyo Tea & I got a Mai Tai. Now these cocktails came out in a large water cup! And not no little midget glass like that usually do in bars. Those drinks were deliciousness! Upon drinking another Mai Tai, I got a little hungry. I ordered their soup of the day which was Broccoli Cheddar Soup! Oh boy, that was super creamy & super good. I loved it and wished I ordered a bowl instead of a cup!  I'm really impressed with Village Pub. I didn't rate it 5 stars because we really didn't come here for Village Pub, we came here for the Paint & Kimvas event. I didn't have time to study the menu, atmosphere, nor did I spend enough time talking to the bartenders and servers. But I think I will be returning to try those infamous Pot Pies!
4	Groupon got us again with a great deal! Went here for an event : Paint and Kimvas.What's not fun about painting and drinking?.. Oh and eating! LolSandra R. and I arrived early and seated ourselves at the bar. Bartender approached us right away and we ordered Moscatos, our favorite wine!I was also a little hungry and decided to order the appetizer chili nachos! We should've been warned that it was mountain high and definitely a must share item! Our friend finally came, so we went right to the canvases set up (oddly) in the middle of restaurant, where all eyes were on us!We ordered our first, my last, round of cocktails - two Tokyo Teas and a Mai Tai! My first Tokyo Tea and it's similar to a Midori Sour, I do like my sour drinks and this had that punch without it tasting like alcohol! Cheap drinks and food at Village Pub, something for the locals to check out!Definitely impressed with my visit and the fun event hosted by Kim! Check out both things!
5	I love this bar! Chris, Renee and Rory are all competent, attentive and welcoming bartenders. Fresh drinks are easy to get, and once you establish what you drink, you'll rarely have to ask; finish one, another appears. Ashtrays are emptied as quickly as a butt is crushed into them.The Ellis Island (their parent organization) beers are all eminently drinkable, from the IPA to the Light with all the relevant stops in between represented. You aren't going to find a bunch of boutique nonsense on tap here, so if that's your gig, you'll probably be disappointed. But if you like beer for beer's sake, you owe it to yourself to give their taps a whirl. Plus, it's made here, and has been since WAY before it was commonplace.And then there's the Egg Nog. It is a revelation, and an amazing way to warm up on a chilly Winter night. Creamy, smooth and it packs enough of a kick that you'll be crooning like Bing Crosby in no time! Stop in for a glass and TAKE A BOTTLE HOME, the revelers at your holiday parties will thank you.As others have mentioned, the food is solid across the board. The Chicken Pot Pie (easily serves two) and the French Onion Soup are go-to choices, and the recent addition of Soft Pretzels with a delicious beer/cheese sauce is a no-brainier when catching up with friends over drinks.In a town with, seemingly, a bar in every omnipresent strip-mall, these guys outshine the competition handily. If you live in the area and this isn't your Local (with on acceptable exception) you're missing out, big time.
5	This is our Friday night dinner spot.  Great food and great service.  We seem to always eat late with the kids when we go and there is never a wait.  We have not been let down once.  The entire menu is great.  Dining room is cutoff from the bar so you wont choke on smoke and therefore makes it fine for kids.
5	We drive all the way across town to eat the Steak and Eggs here at this location. Everything about this place is awesome!!
5	This place is seriously so AWESOME...this is my husband and my "go to" for late night eats...all the BOMB appetizers are 1/2 off and super yummy..the staff is the best part too always so friendly and nice and hold good conversation...this place has been a fav of mine since I was young just good ol bar food...not to mention my elderly grandparents come here almost daily just for their yummy soup! Thank you for being so awesome!
5	Ellis island feel.. Very friendly.. Large portion for the price...  mmm yummTasty! Nice and quiet in the dining room.. Plenty of space.. KServer- Brendan very knowledgable on company info.. Great personality.. - kid friendly
2	Thought I would try them out on Thanksgiving for an extra meal.. 2.00 charge for a To-Go order because it's a special..:(.. I guess this will be the only time I have food from here then ... The staff was friendly especially since they had to work on Thanksgiving.. But the company has lousy  policies..
