1	I found out yesterday that all UPS stores are franchises and totally unconnected to UPS. I would never, ever use one again. While in Kauai two weeks ago, I bought a good quality ukulele ($hundreds) and sent it to a relative in the Midwest. It was missing for nearly 3 weeks (finally found yesterday). Still not delivered and opened, so don't know yet in what condition : (UPS blamed the UPS Store (in Kauai); the store blamed UPS. The long and short, you have even less protection than sending directly with UPS or even the POST office for heaven's sake, because they both can blame the other. This is backed up by legal disclaimers in back-of-the-form fine print. I used this store once and they were WAY unfriendly, but I find that's true of other UPS Stores. And now I'm done with all of them.
1	Really bad customer service. Grouchy employees.  We had a coupon for a discount on services and my husband had to argue with them in order for them to honor it.  I've been in a couple of times and the older man who works there acted as if he was doing me a tremendous favor by waiting on me. The lady who works there told me that the closest place to send FedEx was at Tatum and Shea.  Well there is a place right across the street on the  NW corner of 32 street and Shea called Ship and Post (they handle both FedEx and UPS).  My husband and I own our own business and we will be using Ship and Post from now on.  The fellow there is very friendly and efficient. Too bad UPS Store, we were using you for most of our business needs.
1	Avoid this store.Shopped a package to NY that was damaged.  Ups returned it I repaired it and billed UPS $300 for the repair returned the item to the UPS store. So far so good.  I anticipated they would ship it back and pay me $300.  Imagine my surprise when I get a check for $236.Called UPS, they were sympathetic, agreed with me I should have been paid the full amount of the invoice I submitted and like many others found out the UPS stores are not part of UPS.  How stupid could I be thinking the UPS Store was part of UPS. I called the UPS store and Peggy told me there were extra charges because she used a different shaped box and packed it as ultra fragile.  Does that mean you didn't pack it properly the first time?Let me recap I ship it and pay you, your break it, I fix it, you reship it and charge me an extra $66.  I'm looking for another store to ship my packages.Here is their explanation: (in fairness I did insure it for more but was not informed there would be a charge).Good Morning Roger;The claim was submitted for:Artwork repair $300.00Packaging      $ 30.06Shipping         $ 92.05Total              $422.11Insurance paid $404.11The difference was $18.00 for the insurance on the initial shipment which is not reimbursed by the insurance company.Outgoing shipping $ 126.60 which includes the $1800.00 of insurance requested on the second shipmentPackaging $40.74Total costs $167.34Less          $104.11 reimbursed by insurance company for initial shipping and packagingBalance due   63.23 of which $34.00 was for the insurance and balance of $29.23 for shipping and ultra fragile packaging.I hope this clarifies the breakdown for you.PeggyPeggy Dein & Jack WiedelThe UPS Store 49603217 E Shea BlvdPhoenix, AZ 85028Phone 602.889.0851Fax 602.889.0854
1	Same goes for our experiences in the past.  We will drive all the way to Tatum and Shea than go here. We had sent Christmas packages for overnight and paid a bunch for overnight shipping to CA. The packages arrive over a week late and this store was not helpful at all for the reasons for the delay. I can't believe that they are still in business. The elderly man who works there is so miserable when he waited on me that I left there in a bad mood. No thanks.
1	Horrible customer service and complete incompetency. Tried to ship something and the old man behind the counter couldn't figure out how to use the computer. Waited for over a half hour as he took all the  and quotes prices... I believe he is the owner! I prefer to always give my business to locally owned businesses... Not at this place! Try somewhere else for sure!
1	Some of the worst customer service I have ever experienced. This place is an embarrassment to UPS. My suggestion, I would avoid this location and make the drive to the Tatum and Shea location.
4	I'm surprised when I read the other reviews for this store.  We have been going here for years and have always had a nice experience.  Peggy behind the counter is helpful and sweet. Occasionally they are quite busy but are always pleasant and professional.
5	I've been using this UPS store for my work since 2010 and Peggy and Jack have always been amazing! Often times I have things I need done on short notice and they always accommodate!! Shocked to read some of the other reviews. I've never had an issue! :)
2	UPS stores are inherently flawed because each store is free to do whatever they want. This location is a perfect example. Every Monday I've been emailing documents that I need copies of to this store. And every Monday the old lady behind the counter prints me 50-100 copies charges me .10 or so a copy and sends me on my way. This Monday she decides to charge me some sort of $2.50 internet charge. This is a problem at all UPS stores, you never know what they are going to charge you for. It's one of the main reasons I use Staples. The other problem the old lady behind the counter is slow and rude. If she has more than one person in the store she gets overwhelmed and all flustered! She is not good with technology and is always mumbling under her breath.  It seems like having to print my copies is more trouble that it's worth for her. I won't be back...
