2	I was in need of my nails done ASAP after being in the salon more than my planned one hour for hair color so I YELP'ed a nearby nail salon and WHaa-Laa this place showed up being across the street in the Arboretem which is where I needed to go as well to run in Walmart to grab last minute travel items for my trip the next morning.I entered and was immediately greeted by a voice with no face (all faces were in a pedicure bowl or on some nails at a nail station), however I spoke into the air stating that I wanted a Mani & Pedi with Gel OPI polish on my nails and the response was "Pick Color"..I browsed the array of available gel colors and provided a number for the color I wanted and the lady sat me at a pedicure chair (AWESOME chair Massage however it SQUEEZES your Hips and Buttocks while massaging you VERY TIGHT and it's automatic)..I had three people work on my at once (sounds VIP, however that's very frustrating because you can't watch all three and I like to watch what is being done to my nails on both my hands and feet). I like manicures and pedicures to be relaxing NOT RUSHED and this seemed rushed, the lady cut me with the cuticle remover twice and I had to tell her ENOUGH I will cut my own cuticles because you seem like you are in a hurry.My polish is still on (Gel is to last two weeks - it's been one day shy of a week) which is good because I've tried other nail salons here in the QC (I'm from Chicago) and my polish came off within 2-3 days..If EVER in a RUSH I'll go back and give them another shot based on the fact that their gel isn't watered down..
5	I had heard great things from coworkers and found today they were all true. I had the best manicure I've ever had here today. The owner did my nails and was very professional and friendly. The whole staff smiled and asked if there was anything they could get me. On top of that I've never received a complimentary shoulder massage while waiting for my nails to dry. I got gel nails, but I am almost hoping I need to go back before two weeks!
5	While waiting on my phone to be repaired I went to VIP for a quick gel polish manicure. Upon entry they were quick to greet me and I was immediately seated with the owner who did my manicure. The owner was very professional, meticulous, and this is by far the BEST gel manicure I have ever had. He took his time and made sure that every single nail was perfect and even told me if there was any chipping to come back in and they would fix it for free. I will definitely be back for more gel manicures.
4	She did a really great job on my gel mani. Plenty of coats...took her time because she asked if I had anything else to get to soon. She even massaged my shoulders while I was soaking off the old color! She was very nice and it will prob be my regular nail place now. Oh but she didn't ask how I wanted my nails shaped but it's ok I liked it. The man working there decided to take a nap in one of the massage chairs...not very professional but it was slow. Only one other person there beside myself
5	VIP nails are the best ! Q and his team of nail techs are professional and personal .. Highly recommend this salon .. Two thumbs up
3	This is a nice place. The decoration is beautiful, the chairs are new and comfortable. They have a huge range of nail polish colors and it's located at the Arboretum, so it's very convenient if you want to shop other stores. The only problem with this nail salon, is that the service is average at best. The times I've had a pedi there, my left didn't feel any softer afterwards, because the bottom of my feet was never worked on, none of my calluses were removed. Prices are comparable to other nail salons in the area. I usually don't like a lot of talking, but the lady who's done my nails twice seems to want to talk about everything. I'm usually very picky with my nails, so I would say the job they do is average.
4	Lovely atmosphere, polite staff, short waits even on the weekends, and they actually do great nails.  I have gotten about 5 gel manis done here since I have been in charlotte and 5 different technicians have done my nails and all have been fabulous.  The pedis are great too!  The massage chairs work very well... I love a good massage chair during my pedis. All of the techs are super friendly and welcoming. You are offered your choice of beverage upon arrival which is nice and they have plenty of magazines to keep you occupied and up on the latest tabloid gossip.  Great music playing in the background that's not to loud, and huge flat screen tvs if you are into that.  The gel color selection is pretty wide and there are hundreds of opi, Essie, etc colors as well.You can tell VIP gets lots of regulars as the technicians greet them accordingly which is nice and shows they value their customers.  Some may say they are a bit pricey but I am a firm believer in getting what you pay for and I think $55 for and gel mani and what is an amazing pedi is worth it.  Also they run regular specials so keep your eyes open.  My only wish is that they offer more designs for the gel... Nothing crazy just a little something when I'm feeling festiveLou seems to be the fan favorite technician but I have not yet had the pleasure of having him do my nails but that also says something.  You are in good hands no matter what.  If you are pressed for time or are particular about the person you want they take appointments which is nice.I will definitely bring my friends and sisters when they come to town to visit :-)
