4	Pittsburgh, yay!  You are full of charm. (and I'm from Cleveland.)But seriously, this city has some things down pat that my city does not. For example, the signs that are everywhere in front of buildings telling you what said buildings actually are. Or the signs that point you to specific neighborhoods. These signs are everywhere and they rock. Period. The best part has got to be their preservation of historic sites and old homes and buildings. Cleveland does NOT have this. Not even close. We raze everything! It's seriously depressing to go to Pittsburgh and see all of these beautiful, old buildings and think about how my city is in comparison. PGH seems to be overflowing with huge, historic homes, row houses, and old buildings in general... even if they were slightly falling apart they were still amazing to me. One thing I did not like, though.... EVERYTHING closes so early. Bars and restaurants closing at 9 is unheard of! Kudos to you PGH. From a visitors point-of-view, you are a mighty fine city.
3	Just passing though and hate the construction. Hate the drivers that are aggressive and mean. Is that all they do is honk the horn at everything?!!I want to love this town, but I can't.
4	Although I live in Virginia Beach, I grew up in northern West Virginia about an hour from Pittsburgh. I think this is a very underrated city for several reasons. First, there are a lot of great restaurants in the city. Places like Primanti Brothers and Penn Avenue Fish Company are staples. Second, this is a great housing market. Almost everyone lives in the outskirts of Pittsburgh. The housing prices are considered to be below the national average. When the economy took a dive in 2008 and on Pittsburgh was the only area where house values went up. It's home to a great airport. Not only is it large with plenty of shops and restaurants inside, but it's easy to navigate and not usually slammed. I love flying here.Finally, who wouldn't love spending an afternoon sitting at PNC Park watching a Pirates game? It's just relaxing and fun.
4	Pittsburgh rocks.  And I am saying that from a near-neighbor (Monroeville) viewpoint.Entertainment venues are fabulous:  Benedum, Byham, Heinz Hall, Stage AE, Heinz Field, PNC Park, Consol (and many, many more) are all top-notch fun and --with the exception of Consol-- beautiful to look upon.  Eateries:  Diverse and plentiful.  From the mostly blue collar of the Strip to the mostly white collar of Market Square you can enjoy everything from fresh ingredients to multi course meals.Not having to park here every day for work, I can say that parking is a breeze - although on the pricey side at times.  And I must add that as a suburbanite the whole Mon Wharf flooding thing drops my jaw every time...Sports are not my thing, but the 'Burgh surely has the teams - and they're pretty well loved by most and well-housed in their home city.You're a boat person?  Pittsburgh has three rivers!  No boat?  Try the Clipper Fleet!  Zoo person?  Pittsburgh's is lovely and meandering!  Gambler?  Place your bets!  Flowers? Birds?  Phipps!  Aviary!  Architecture?  Look up, anywhere!  Incline?  Not one, two!  Fountain?  Massive!  Not feeling well?  Well, where do you think the whole UPMC/Highmark fight started - great place to be in medical need!  Airport:  International!  History?  Mellon, Carnegie, Frick!  Bus?  PAT! Mega!  Subway?  Um, sort of...  Major Universities?  Oh yeah!  Convention Center?  Quite large!  Art & Science?  Everywhere!  Hills?  MAKING THE BEST VIEW EVER!Why not 5 stars?  Half star off because even though I never get lost going home (highway signage is wonderful), I usually get twisted getting there - there isn't any such thing as a "block".  Pittsburgh is a series of triangles and a lot of them are one way.  And the other half a star lost because of the word 'yinz'.
4	City of Champions, River City, City of bridges, Most Livable City.... Whatever you want to call it, Pittsburgh is a city on the move. Casting aside it's days as a smoky inferno, Pittsburgh shed its past, reinvented itself and is now strutting into the 21st century as a city to be looked up to by other rust belt cities. Once the steel Capitol of the world, today Pittsburgh prides itself as a leader in the fields of medicine, banking, robotics, health care and software. Home to many Fortune 500 and over 1600 start up companies, Pittsburgh has been called one of the best cities to start a company. Recently, Pittsburgh has been called a dining destination with farmland just outside the city limits, new restaurants are opening, taking advantage of fresh vegetables, dairy, and meats. Recently Pittsburgh hosted such world events as One Young World, the G20 Summit, major league baseball's All Star Game, NCAA's Frozen Four, AFC Championship games, and Stanley Cup Finals two years in a row. Since 1971 Pittsburgh Professional sports teams have won 11 world championships. Hence the title, City of Champions. Great town, good people, low crime, awesome theatre district, and museums.
5	I have had a love affair with Pittsburgh for as long as I can remember.  I am a native Pennsylvanian, but not a native Pittsburgher.  I suppose that means I am a transplant Pittsburgher.  Even though I am the latter, this city has been welcoming and very hospitable that no matter where I roam to, I end up back here.I admit that when I first moved to the area I was that annoying driver that had no clue where he was going.  Not my fault I must say.  When the downtown is set up like a triangle and some of the streets turn into sidewalks or stairs, it can be confusing to a newbie.  I also admit that I had no clue where the neighborhoods began or ended.  With over 90 neighborhoods that comprise the city, it is hard to figure out what GetGo someone wants to meet at.As time passed, I grew into Pittsburgh or maybe Pittsburgh grew in me.  From the way I dressed to the way I now talk, I have become a Pittsburgher.  You can call me a 'yinzer' if you like, but my response to you is going to require the word 'jagoff' in it.  A yinzer isn't anything bad to represent, it's like being a New Yorker, Philadelphian, or Bostonian.  They all have their unique way of living just as this area does.Pittsburgh has grown and changed over the years, but for the better.  Pittsburgh is kind of like that annoying person you know that loves the limelight, but easily melds back into the crowd without missing a beat.  That person that can be gracious yet confident enough to own up to the achievements it has accomplished.Here's to Pittsburgh, my home, and my home away from home.  As Willie Stargell said, "I would always reserve a special place in my heart for Pittsburgh."
4	My visuals of Pittsburgh come from Flashdance.  Suffice to say that's dated and not very realistic.  Modern Pittsburgh is a city with issues, but it's steadily improving.  The worst things about it are obvious - poor public transportation with widely spaced suburbs and not so great weather.My comparison is going to definitely be against Portland, which for me was something of a disppointment after all the hype.  Pittsburgh on the other hand was a surprise, although it definitely resembles Portland - imagine more rivers, more bridges and lots more brickwork.  Also slightly fewer hipsters, and people were a little friendlier.  I saw a good cross section of places, both suburban and downtown, and I think I must have driven past nearly every "Gian' iggle' as well as visiting both Whole Foods. Beer-wise, it's not California for sure - the alcohol laws here are stupid to say the least, but there's still some great beer to be had from around the country, including nearby East Coast breweries.  And as for vegan options - that's still a novel idea here, but there are places to go.  You should probably visit at least once.  And check out the dinosaurs.
