5	Amazing amazing new York style pizza! White pizza, delicious. Chicken fingers are to die for with  "those guys pies" sriracha sauce!
1	The food is great.  I agree with the other Yelpers about that.First time I ordered, they put ingredients in the pizza that I asked to hold off on even though I confirmed twice during the ordering process to get it right.  They also forgot sauces that I paid extra for.  No biggie, I decided it's tasty enough to order from again.Second time I ordered, they got the order totally wrong and brought the wrong pizza.  I don't know how the girl who took the order mixed up the pizza names.  I literally repeated the order three times and even asked her to confirm.  OK fine, they attempted to fix the situation by delivering the correct pizza within 10 minutes but it was undercooked, clumpy and cooked in haste.They really need to step up their professionalism and order taking skills.  I'm not sure if I'll order from them ever again.  I'll update if I do.
5	Those guys do a great pie, authentic, fresh ingredients and great sauce, the best in Vegas. The cheesesteaks are as good as anything in Philly, wit wiz, shredded rib eye,  fantastic bread,  I cant wait to go back!
5	I have eaten here twice.  First time got the Philly and it was great.  Hard to find a good philly in this town.  Heard the pizza was amazing so I went back a second time.  They didn't lie.  The pizza was great.  I got the White pizza. Thin crust just the way I like it and great flavor.  It wasn't the hottest but that was my fault because I drove it across town.  I'll drive back across town to eat here again in a heart beat.
5	I got a very nice message from the owner so I decided to order again.They got the order correctly and delivered promptly.  Their food is still amazing and have become a favorite delivery spot for whenever out of towners come to visit.My visitors always love their pies and chicken fingers!
4	Got a flyer for this place and decided to try it out based on all the 5-star reviews and the fact that it's so close to home. I have to say it was pretty darn good. I had an original cheesesteak which was very tasty. I'm not sure it was 5-star tasty, I'll have to try some more stuff (pizza) before I give them that additional star. Service was very fast and friendly. I'll definitely be back.
5	AMAZING!!!  We are super picky about Pizza and this place is nothing but excellent!  We ordered a large pizza and wings and the entire meal was delicious!  Fresh ingredients, and the owners (and staff) were very friendly!  Should have taken a photo but couldn't wait to eat!  Will definitely be back :)
2	We were excited to try a new pizza place, even more so when we heard it was from the same guys at Secret Pizza at the Cosmo. Really wanted to like this place, but it was not meant to be. The mishaps started when we tried to call ahead for pickup. The first time we called it went to a voicemail box after several rings with no way to leave a message (not that we would anyway). We double checked that the number was correct and that they should be open. The same thing happened with the second call. I don't know what possessed us to try yet again, but the third time our call was answered. Not an auspicious start... What a great way to lose a lot of potential business from less tenacious, potential customers.We ordered the Italian white pizza ($22) and a spinach salad ($7) and were told it would be ready in 30 minutes. I arrived about 35 minutes later and was told my order was not quite ready yet. As I was paying for my order, I noticed that they were just putting my pizza into the oven. WTH? Really? I guess that's a new personal first... When we get pizza from anywhere else, we are told 20 minutes (sometimes 30 minutes if it's prime time on Fri night), and when we show up it is usually ready or occasionally comes out of the oven a couple minutes after arrival. Here, I proceeded to wait another 10 minutes for the pizza to be cooked and then another 5 minutes of so for them to construct the spinach salad. So basically, it took another 15 minutes after I arrived for my order to be ready for a total time of 50 minutes from when I called. It should go without saying that it shouldn't take 50 minutes to prepare your take-out pizza order. Even if that was acceptable, they shouldn't tell you 30 minutes, only for you to show up and wait significantly longer. It wasn't like they were busy. I was the only customer there until this other guy showed up to pick up his pizza which they just started to put in the oven as I was leaving. I guess I'm not the only one...We were hoping that after all this, at least the food would be worth the wait. Not by a long shot... Although it smelled pretty good, the pizza crust was undercooked so we stuck it in the oven for another 5 minutes. Despite this, the pizza crust was quite soggy in the middle and pretty greasy throughout. The broccoli rabe topping was tough, and the homemade sausage was nothing special. My wife commented that she would rather have Dom DeMarco's pizza, and she doesn't even like their pizza! Of note, they included tiny containers of red pepper flakes, oregano, and parmesan which was a nice touch. The spinach salad was even more disappointing. It was lined with an anemic pita (not included in the salad description) and contained a relatively small amount of wilted, soggy spinach dressed with some bacon lardons, goat cheese, and candied almonds.We'll be sticking with our tried and true, Rocco's Pizza, where the crust is cooked properly, it's not too greasy, the toppings taste better, it's ready in 20 minutes, and it even costs less ($18). Sorry, Those Guys Pies. I just tell it how it is, and you've got a long way to go.
5	My company ordered some pizzas from Those Guys Pies after hearing about it through some friends.  The pizza was delivered on time and still hot which was a great start.  I love NY style thin crust pizza so I was excited to try this!We had 3 different specialty pies delivered so there were some options to try.  We had the White Pie, Meat Pie, and the Maui Wowie.  All the slices I tried were delicious and flavorful.  I especially liked the White Pie with the ricotta and garlic on it.  They also included some red chili flakes, parmesan cheese, oregano, and garlic powder in small containers with was an excellent touch and made the pizza taste that much better.I would definitely order from Those Guys Pies again and get a White Pie and maybe try something new.  Their chicken fingers look awesome with all the sauces they offer.  Thanks Those Guys Pies, you'll be hearing from me again soon!
5	So last night I finally got over to this place that I heard about from friends with this real deal New York style pizza. As I walked in I was greeted by one of the owners named Roy. We talked a little bit about the place and what items were great. I knew my wife was going to be picky so I got her a Half Pepperoni and I went for the White. Drove home and was sooo impressed by the pizza. Full of flavor garlicky, soft ricotta cheese wonderful. I stole a piece of my wife's and was stoked. The pepperoni wasn't that rinky dinky crap you get from every other pizza place in town, nice large slices. I plan on going back this week for Cheese Steaks and Wings... I will let you know how that one goes as well.
3	Always excited to try a new pizza place, met my trusty yelp friend Kevin P for a round of pizza and we arrived to find this place to be delivery/carryout only. Bummer. We decided to order our own pizza and take it home. I ordered half Maui Wowie (house made bacon, pineapple, pickled jalapenos) other half was The Big Sexy (sausage, pepperoni, bacon) a 14" was $15.  When the pie was ready, they saw how excited I was to dig in, so they offered us half of a table so we could sit and enjoy the pizza hot. I really like the flavors of all the fresh ingredients. They make all their meat and mozzarella in house. Loved the pickled jalapenos. Traded a piece of Kevin's cheesesteak pie (that happens to be made with certified angus beef), this had great flavor.  The pizzas came with a side of crushed red pepper, onion salt, parmesan cheese, and oregano and a side of ranch. As we were injoying our pizza, we got to talking with Sean, one of the owners, and he filled us in on the background, clarifying that they are not affiliated with Secret Pizza. Also he said they have plans in the future to expand so they will have a dining area. As a departing gift, he had us try the maple mascarpone cheesecake, this was a perfect ending to dinner, this was delicious!
5	Best pizza in west Las Vegas. Great idea to separate the wing components and to provide a plastic bag to mix the chicken and wing sauce at home. Enjoyed a basic pepperoni and house made italian sausage. Just the right ratio between sauce, cheese and toppings. Sorry Rocco this will be our new go to pizza joint!
5	Awesome Pizza
3	Heading home from a movie last night, my son and I decided that pizza would be a good choice for dinner and I steered the car towards Grimaldi's when I remembered that I wanted to try this place after reading about it on Yelp and Eater Vegas.  We always order the same pizza:  half mushroom for me, half pepperoni for him and we went with the regular size, which yields 8 slices.  There were no other customers in the 20 minutes or so that we were there around 8:00pm, but the service was friendly.  It's basically a store-front operation in the same Lakes plaza that houses the King & I Thai and Go Raw Cafe.  I don't know if it was because it was Sunday or what, but it was deserted at the whole place.  Regardless, the 10 minute drive home was difficult with the aroma of the pizza and two starving people in the same car.  The pizza itself was fine; my son and I agreed it was too greasy for our tastes.  Some people like that, but we don't.  Good crust, though.  In the end, I still like Grimaldi's and Dom De Marco's more.
5	Fantastic pizza! Great quality ingredients and you can taste the difference. A friend of mine and I had the spicy Italian red pizza and it was delicious. Met the owner and after hearing him describe how they make the cheesesteak I'm definitely trying one next time.There's one small table inside and a couple at the edge of the shopping center near the water. I recommend take or delivery.
5	Great White Pizza!  Great Philly Cheese Steak!  Staff was great and we chatted while I waited for my pizza!  I was driving quite a ways before I would get home to enjoy this delicious pizza, they told me to keep the lid cracked on the box so the crust wouldn't get soggy from the steam!  Yum!  Yum!  I cannot wait until they open one of these locations in Henderson!  I should also add the the guy who makes the Philly Cheese Steaks is from that area!  So they are legit Cheese Steaks!  :)
5	That was THE BEST cheesesteak sandwich I've eaten.  Warning - if you like sandwiches on the dry side this one isn't for you.  But if, like me, you love your cheesesteak to be juicy and delicious then you might want to check this place out.Had half a sandwich with provolone and half with whiz.  Both with onions.  I'd go with the Whiz.  I used to prefer my cheesesteak with provolone but after eating this delicious whiz sandwich I see why those fellows in Philly love the Whiz.Some seriously good eats.
5	Great pizza!  The dough was perfect!  As soon as I walked in the place I knew I'd be back. It's a must try!
2	This place had fast delivery however the food was horrible.  I read these reviews and ordered the Spicy Italian Red and an original cheese steak and they were horrible.  Entirely flavorless, the cheese steak was soggy and bland.  Unfortunately I found the reviews misleading and probably wont be ordering from there anytime soon.
5	Cheesesteak was incredible! Will come back just for that. People complaining about service should just relax .. When a small place like this gets a rush, you're going to wait a bit longer .. Hope to try pizza soon
5	As a former resident of both New York and New Haven, I have avoided pizza in Las Vegas because I generally ended up disappointed when I didn't.  But with the election season--the four debates and election night--I was craving pizza to eat while glued to the television. After seeing the "Those Guys Pies" mention in 89117 Magazine, I checked Yelp and decided to try them. We ordered takeout last night--one meatball/onion pie and one Italian white pie. I was thrilled to find that both were delicious. Tasty toppings, tasty crusts. I still know I'm not back East, but, for once, I was not disappointed. I'm glad that I now have go-to pizza, and it's even close to home.
5	Delicious!!!  Absolutely no complaints, except maybe that I wish I could have fit more slices in my tummy!  Thanks GUYS!
4	I had been meaning to try the pizza since a recent Yelp event where they were giving it out. Simply put, this is really good pizza. If you don't fell lik making the trek out to Henderson, but you feel like pizza on a friday night with a good movie and beer, this is your place. I tried a pizza with salami and mushrooms and it was delicious. Quality ingredients for an under 15 dollars pizza? Yes please!
5	This is the best cheesesteak in vegas.I'm from the philadelphia area, so I'll break it down for all my fellow cheesesteak experts on what their cheesesteak is like:Cheese- choice of whiz, provolone, or white american. I ordered whiz, it was mixed into the meat, not poured on top, making an equal cheese-meat ratioMeat- good quality angus beef. Cooked perfectly, but not crusty. Finely chopped, not served in a big hunk like at Geno's. On the juicy rather than greasy side. Onions- sliced thinly, not diced. These are probably the thinnest sliced onions I've had on a cheesesteak.Roll- the roll was, hands down, the best part. Perfectly soft and crusty. A+++++++ for the roll. No sesame seeds on the roll.They have a number of options for cheesesteaks, such as hoagie style (with lettuce and tomato),  pizza steak (marinara sauce) and an italian steak with provolone and broccoli rabe (a la tony luke's, they have a similar sandwich there).Also, they NEVER refer to a cheesesteak as a Philly.I can't wait to try the pizza. but the cheesesteak was totally baller.
5	Pizza is so subjective, but this is my favorite pizza delivery in Vegas by far.  The ingredients all are good quality and it's cooked east coast style, so the crust is not too thick or thin.  Couple of other New York style places on the far west side in Summerlin, but this one is definitely better.  They don't skimp on the toppings either.  Also, the girl who took my order was friendly and competent and the delivery guy was courteous and friendly.
5	It's funny how things change as the years of our lives pass by. I can remember, with vivid clarity, how obsessed I was in my college years about pizza. We spent just about every night out, me and the boys, which would almost always end at someone's pad with Sports Center and pizza. There would be a ten minute debate, each of us making a case for toppings and our favorite pizza joint, until a consensus was reached and an order was placed. Then we would all dig deep for crumpled bills and pocket change to cover the pie (and a little something for the driver).I could eat almost a whole pie back then, most of us could. But after a long night of partying and spending  way too much money buying drinks for that cute chick in the corner (who was never going to give me her number anyway), the few bucks we had left wasn't going to get us more than a couple of slices each. So when the pizza finally arrived, it would be half gone by the time the delivery guy closed the door (you didn't want to be the guy paying the driver, trust me).The funny thing is, back then I don't think it really mattered where we got the pizza from or what we ordered on top. When all was said and done and the grease stained box lay empty on the living room floor, each of us would lie back and sound out a deep, satisfying groan of pleasure, as if we had just devoured the tastiest treat on planet Earth. Night after night, pizza after pizza - and each time with the same satisfying moan and a big smile.And then one day we suddenly realize (as if the past 20 years caught us asleep at the wheel) that we are actually driving 20 miles across town, through rush hour traffic and lights on a mission to destroy us, all the time conflicted about whether we should even try parking  or just pay the $5 for valet, then zigzagging a half a mile through crowds and crowds of bewildered tourists stopping at every little sparkling thing they see, then up three long  flights of escalators, stuck behind some woman who is clearly unaware that the ocean of perfume she bathed in that day is causing the wallpaper to peel (cough!) -  just to grab a slice from the only place we swear we will ever eat pizza from again.My how things do change.So now's the time for some good news - if you live on the West side (or if you're up for a drive) stop by Those Guys Pies. It's everything you used love about Secret Pizza (apparently the guy is over here now), without the hassle that is the Cosmopolitan.
5	Roy love your pizza, cheesesteaks and wings.... I have enjoyed cheese whiz in many years. Dont miss the grilled veggie sandwich it was off the charts. Delivery always on time.
4	I normally do not do this but I had too because they deserve it.  I heard so many good things about this place I had to try it. Besides the owner being from South Jersey and myself too it was a must to try.Well, the pepperoni pizza, cheesesteak and veggie sandwich was delicious....and no I did not eat all this myself. I use to think Caps had the best cheesesteak for Vegas....NO MORE!STOP...reading these reviews and pick up the phone and place your order...you will not be disappointed. This place ROCKS!!All the best!
1	Ordered the Big Sexy. Lots of glowing reviews? I knew we were in trouble when I had to lower all the windows to stop my eyes from burning. A bottle of Pinot couldn't temper the garlic powder! A bottle of IPA faired no better. Since there were no other such complaints I will try it one more time, maybe. Sadly this pie ended in the compost bin!
5	Wow. An easy contender for "best pizza in Vegas" status. I came all the way out to The Lakes - a name whose name correctly implies physical as well as metaphorical distance from the deserts of Las Vegas - based on its pedigree, from the people behind the Cosmopolitan's smash hit Secret Pizza.I was expecting the same pie served at the late-night Strip hole-in-the-wall. What they're cooking up here is even better. The crust (apparently the result of a two-year development process) doesn't have quite the same signature sourdough flavor of its predecessor and isn't straightforward NYC street pizza either. What it is is the perfect blend of crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, the perfect consistency to absorb whatever greasy deliciousness you throw on top of it. Many of the toppings are made in house - including the melt-in-your-mouth meatballs, sausage and bacon.This is a pizzeria that makes its own bacon! Is your mind as blown by that as mine?As pretty much everything on the menu has earned rave reviews here, I have to keep coming back to eat my way through it.Another instance in which a 30 minute drive is the only thing standing in between me and morbid obesity.
4	Unfortunately I can't eat pizza too often, but if I were to, this place is a no-brainer. Oh wow, did I just say "no-brainer?"Really, though. If you've ever been to "secret pizza" in the Cosmo, this is extremely similar. My friends ordered The Big Sexy and I happened to steal a slice. What I got was essentially the perfect night-in-watching-a-movie pizza. The kind of pizza every kid and adult pizza dreams of. This is coincidentally also what drunks love. It's a comfort pizza. Heavy, oily, covered in toppings. Absolutely delicious. The crust was surprisingly thin, but in that perfectly foldable way. Trust me, you'll have to fold every slice. The toppings - quality and flavorful. My friend and I both noted that in our first bite, we could already tell there was garlic hitting our taste buds. Uncommon in pizza.This place really is a hidden gem in the Lakes area. It's the kind of place we should support and encourage to grow because it's delicious, and local! Give them a try. At least the Big Sexy. He will win you over.
3	I had to drop their rating down.  The service is really good and the employees are super nice.BUT the last 4-5 times we ordered, either the pizza or chicken (and once both) arrived disgustingly undercooked.  I've been ordering pizza somewhere else but it's not the best either...  I might start ordering from them again if the other spot gets even worse...
2	This review is hard to write simply because the owner (?) righted the wrong. Here's what happened:508PM -- We call Those Guys and order a large pizza. We asked how long the pizza would take to deliver since we needed to feed the babies (1 year olds). Roy let me know that the pizza would take about 15 minutes to cook and, since there was one delivery ahead of us, another 10 for the delivery. 25 minutes to go less than one mile, so we asked for delivery.558PM -- No pizza. We called back to see if everything was ok with the delivery guy (we were hoping he hadn't been in an accident or anything) and was assured that the delivery guy would be at our door any minute.612PM -- Still no pizza. We called again and were told that Roy was going to check up on his delivery guy. Something about car trouble.625PM -- Still no pizza. This is now over an hour past the time we called to order. We called again. This was getting ridiculous and now the kids have already eaten something else. Here is where Roy kinda redeemed himself -- he said if the pizza wasn't at our house in 5 minutes, it was on him. Well, it wasn't.645PM -- Our pizza finally arrived, with no apology from the delivery guy. Had we known it would have taken this long to get the pizza, we would have driven the 5 minutes ourselves to pick it up.Now, the pizza. We ordered a large half cheese and half mushroom and olive. When it got to us, it was warm, not hot. This may have something to do with the mediocre taste. We only ordered from this restaurant because of the great Yelp reviews. But, given the time it took to arrive at our house and the blah taste factor, I doubt we'll order again. Maybe if we're desperate....
4	After playing in the snow up Mount Charleston, we decided to give Those Guys Pies a try.Called it in for pick up since we knew from other Yelpers they have only 1 table,  polite easy ordering via phone. The pizza place wasn't too hard to find, it's tucked away behind Citibank off of West Sahara.  I'm sure they don't get too many drive by customers though.I've been wanting to try their Cheesesteak Pie since I've heard about them. With the red sauce, No shrooms we don't dig the fungi. The staff was very friendly and chatted with my husband while we waited for the pie. They give you little cups of oregano, garlic, red peppers and grated cheese with your pie. The pizza was delicious, not my favorite in town but a contender. Loved the crust, it had tons of cheese and was close to an actual cheesesteak taste. My only complaint is their red sauce, I was glad the pizza didn't have a lot of it. I just wasn't a big fan, can't quite put my finger on why.  But I'm weird with my sauce preferences. Prices are about on track with most quality pizza places.Can't wait to go back, Looking forward to trying their white pizza and original cheesesteak which I'm hearing good things about.
5	Pretty damn good Philly cheesesteak.
4	Wow.  So so good.  OK It was pricey but wow.  I originally wanted Rocco's but they don't deliver.  Their loss.  So I didn't even order pizza from Those Guys Pies becuz I didn't want to be disappointed but maybe I should have.  I ordered an original cheesesteak with whiz "with (which means with onions) and mushrooms and peppers,a caprese salad and a mascarpone cheesecake.  The salad was delicious, huge pieces of mozzarella, beautiful heirloom tomatoes and fresh basil.  So fresh, so delicious.  olive oil, balsamic vinegar....so delicious.  The cheesesteak was so juicy, so tasty, delicious.  Then the cheesecake, while WAY TOO small, was delicious.  Very impressed.  Only thing is the $27 price tag but then it was a big salad and delicious.  Worth it.  And They deliver which Roccos does not which is why I chose them.
4	i'm new to the neighbourhood, and during a rainy day of unpacking and barely being able to find plates, let alone find the energy to even warm up a can of soup, because who only KNOWS where the cookware is, i decided to take a break, and order a pizza...but who to order from? after typing pizza delivery into yelp, and my new zip code, this place popped up, after reading some of the reviews, decided to give them a try.i ordered the "shroom" pizza on white (white means the fact that there is no pizza sauce, just a combination of garlic oil and ricotta cheese), to add at least SOME health aspects, i added artichokes to the pie, this is what i got.an aroma that wafted onto my palate way before the box was even opened. aside from the fact that it was covered with cheeses (ricotta and mozzarella) the crust was actually edible, not like many pizza crusts, that get tossed to the wayside because they are too tough, hard, or doughy, this crust was just what a pizza crust should be, slightly crunchy on the outside, and slightly doughy and chewy on the in.the only problem i have was that even though the pizza was laden, the toppings were slim...that and they forget to send me a menu.personally can't wait for the next rainy day as an excuse to avoid cooking and order a pizza from them again.
2	Our daughter mentioned this place to us as her and husband frequent the strip mentioned the Cosmo connection etc etc. After phoning in the order, drove 5 minutes for pick-up. (It's a pick-up/delivery kinda place.) Super nice guy working, very pleasant. The storefront was very clean and our order was ready as promised. The counter guy said business was picking up, which is good for such an out of the way place.We ordered the 'Big Sexy' pizza the cheesesteak with extra onions and the cinnamon poppers (spelled that way on the menu). I'll keep this short; the cheesesteak was super dry and hardly an onion was to be found and the roll was a couple of days old. The pizza was 'ok' the edge of the crust was good but the rest was greasy and soggy....way too thin is the problem. The sauce and meatball slices were good.The poppers were ok for 5 bucks, kinda tough but ok. I make zeppoli at home and thought these would be just as tender. Not. For the money I'll stick to Rocco's or Metro as for the cheese steaks I'll drive cross town to Geri's or around the corner to Cappriotti's. I'm from South Philly which means nothing. Hey I'm not a chef but I know good food when I taste it. BTW I think charging $0.75 for a few pepperoncini's on the side is tackyBottom line, the service was really good and the food....Meh.
4	This place has top of the line pie and I take my pizza very seriously. The shroom pizza is magnificent(add bacon and chicken) . I've ordered 3 times now and my only complaint would be that they make the buffalo chicken spicier because at the moment it's not at all. TRY THIS PLACE! The fingers and dipping sauces are awesome too, I suggest the siracha aoli and the buffalo ipa
4	We came here to order some pizza and mozzarella sticks. The guy behind the counter told us that they don't sell mozzarella sticks but he offered to make us some. We were surprised and I thought, "That's awesome customer service!".  On my side of the pizza I ordered bacon, Jalapeno, and Pineapple. While we were driving home the smell of the pizza was intoxicating! I couldn't wait to have a slice!  When we opened the pizza it was a bit greasy but we dabbed it with a paper towel to take off the access grease before we ate any of it . It was tasty!  The mozzarella sticks made from scratch were also delicious! I'd like to comeback here and try more of their menu like the Philly Cheese Steak I've been hearing so much about!
5	Update:The chicken fingers are ridiculously good. The cheesesteaks are ridiculously good.And Those Guys Pies goes above and beyond when it comes to making it right for their customers.This is a business that has earned my loyalty through a quality product and more importantly through the hard work that they put into ensuring their customers' satisfaction.Keep up the good work, guys.
5	I haven't seen Sean B Miami in 2 yrs and I must say he has outdone himself. The Philly cheesesteak was fantastic. We ordered the meat pie and it is more than comparable to some of NYCs best pizza and hands down the best pizza I've had in Vegas. To all u pizza and cheesesteak lovers this place is a no brainer.
5	The best! I will write a review later. I'm still full and overstuffed as it was that good!
4	I think the votes are in: this is the best cheesesteak in Vegas. Juicy meat on squishy bread with whiz- ya gotta get the whiz! and a side of pickled green peppers. As good as it gets!The pizza on the other hand, I've had some mixed feelings about. The cheese is fantastic. The Big Sexy is indeed, sexy. They definitely have a signature taste of their own, and their combinations of homemade goodness keeps their pies far from generic. However, the pizzas that have more toppings, especially wet toppings, are a total bust. I got a veggie pizza once (which showed up with the wrong toppings) and it was so soggy you couldn't even pick up a slice. So be careful with what toppings you go for, it could ruin the pie.The wings come packaged separately from the sauce to stay crisp and they have some interesting choices to sauce them - IPA buffalo is good, albeit a little too sweet for me. Overall, solid wings. They don't come with any veggies and you have to request blue cheese or ranch.They offer a couple of innovative salads (for a pizza place) all of which are delicious. Their roasted chicken is fantastic! Very flavorful while still being juicy- it's a wonderful addition to any salad. Most salads come lined with a pita along the bottom which I always found kind of strange, and they definitely don't skimp on the cheese (even goat cheese.)The service over the phone and from the driver's is usually over the top amazing. One time I locked myself out of my own apartment complex because I forgot to bring my keycard down and had to call my boyfriend to let me back in. I told the driver it was fine and my boyfriend was on his way, but he insisted on staying with me until I got back in just to make sure I was safe. THAT is service!I think my love affair with their pizza has come to an end after the soggy abomination, but their cheeseteaks and salads for delivery will keep me ordering from Those Guys.
5	Amazing.. The pizza is sooo good here. I would suggest the cheese pizza and the meat lover one but i'm sure all the food here is good.
4	very good pizza , would return
5	Awesome phillycheese steak sanwhiches!
4	I came here based on the reviews of their cheese steak and it did not disappoint.The steak wasn't overly salty or peppered. It was juicy and tender and succulent. I got my sandwich with mushrooms and cheese whiz.The store is very small and is definitely not a dine-in place. I suggest calling to order ahead for pick up, although my sandwich was made on the spot and didn't take long to get.The price tag was a little hefty, but it is definitely the best in town.
4	Great New York style pizza!  I would give them 5 stars but they're a little skimpy on the toppings. The best pizza in our area!
3	Food: 3I was expecting more from this based on accolades and was disappointed with the pizza and cheesesteak sandwich. I tried the original cheesesteak wit whiz and it was "ok" due to lack of seasoning. It was filling to say the least, and the ribeye was tender, but just not as flavorful as I expected.On the pizza side, we had the spicy italian red and it wasn't spicy. It was greasy (yeah, I know sausage will make it greasy) although the crust was very good. If I lived in the neighborhood, I would probably eat here again, but I would not drive from the strip for it.
5	These place is incredible it will not disappoint they are very nice they were very helpful the place I nice small joint they only have one table there so just pick up or delivery decent in price
1	Waste....The pizza was soggy, ughhhh and the Philly cheese steak  was an oniony disaster, I usually give a place 2 dining experiences before I review it, but this place doesn't deserve a second chance, I'll stick with the pizza at Cosmopolitan and if I want a good sandwich I'll make it at home.
5	5 stars.must try these 3:the big sexy. white pie.& the original cheesesteak is friggin incredible!!
4	Comparable to but better than Metro Pizza. Good steak sandwich but a little over priced. There isn't any dine-in available yet but they may open another one soon...
5	Great pizza and mine was perfectly cooked. May be a little greasy for some but the crust was the best I've ever had. It was just crisp enough on the bottom and chewy. Perfect!
4	Over at the go raw cafe for the 1st time and I see this pizza shop. Well new to the valley I have to get a pie to take home to try. Nice shop and very helpful staff. I got a nice pie half white with mushroom half meat. I really enjoyed the pizza as did my family. I will definitely go back again.
4	OH MY GOODNESS!! My boss wanted to order lunch and he wanted to get little caesars, I couldn't stand for that. So I jumped on yelp and typed in our zip code and entered pizza delivery and picked the first thing that popped up, which was here. We got the big sexy not only because I sounded amazing but because thats all everyone talks about besides the cheesesteaks. It arrived very quickly and smelled oh so amazing so we chowed down. I was very surprised how large it was I was completely satisfied with one slice (they are very very large slices) I love how everything was evenly distributed, each slice had equal amounts. I was very impressed being from NY and all, the crust was amazing. I can't wait to check out other pizza from here and their cheesesteaks!
3	So we were looking on yelp for some place new to order from and decided to try Those Guys Pies.We ordered the Maui Wowie Pizza, an Original Cheesteak sandwich a order of wings and a 2 liter bottle of soda. The total was just over $40.00The guy who took the order over the phone was friendly, the delivery guy was friendly. The food arrived in about 30 minutes.As far as the food goes, for the price,  I was hoping it would be tastier than it was.The wings and sandwich were pretty good. I wasn't as impressed with the pizza. It wasn't bad, but I really wasn't overly impressed. I'll probably try it again at some point in the future.
5	Excellent pizza, with over the top service. We arrived unknowingly arrived prior to opening this morning, and they were happy to make us our cheese pizza. Which was great, because my son wanted pizza, and he would have been late for school if we had to wait until 11!
3	A ok by me not worth fifty bucks for two pizzas and wings. taste good but I probably wont order again unless I get a good coupon  and im not a coupon shopper!
5	Just picked up a Shroom Pie and some wings with sweet bbq and pineapple buffalo. They also give you extras with your pie such as oregano, chili flakes, fresh grated Parmesan and granulated garlic. AWESOME!!The owner and employees are sweethearts the food is ridiculous, I love coming here. Definitely give them a try.(Currently they do not have a sign but have are located where Milano's pizzeria used to be).
5	A great neighborhood pizza and sub place.  Love that there is a local, small business pizza delivery that we are happy to support.  The Maui pizza is delicious- fresh ingredients and a perfect blend of sweet and savory.  The meat pie is superior- the sausage makes the pizza.  We also enjoy their subs and wings and of course, the cinnamon bites, which are a must (because the cream cheese frosting is the bomb!).  OMG- Get the CHEESECAKE!  I cannot believe how good it is.  No matter how full you think you'll be from the dinner- get the cheesecake and enjoy it!  You will thank me!!!
5	I just ordered the Shroom with Red sauce and the maple marscapone  cheesecake. So good! Those Guys, I love recommending you! Muah!
5	Very delicious!!!  I was referred by my new marketing company and since my staff and I are pizza lovers and have a particular taste bud for authentic pizza!  Those Guys Pies was fantastic.  I had called in for delivery to my office my staff being supper excited for lunch we ordered a cheese pizza, fingers and cheese steak.  I had to pick up the order because my office is just outside the 5 mile mark (I am 5.2 miles out) but I said to try a new pizza location is well worth a drive and the guy on the phone seemed exceptionally nice and apologetic.  When I got to the location it was easy to find the staff was very friendly I like being called by my name, telling me have nice day NAME. Just don't get that enough out here in Vegas. Now the details of the delicious food!!!   The Cheese Steak has to be my favorite it was delicious, perfect amount of cheese and the steak OMG melted with so much flavor not chewy leather that I find everywhere else in this city.The chicken fingers are my brothers fav in the city, fresh different and tasty he said and he would be the expert in this department lol.  The pizza reminded me of the east coast flavor which I miss being from Boston.  The spices, cheese and sauce all such a tasty combination and the dough was perfect thickness for my liking, hand tossed always the way to go if you like the mom and pop feel and fresh maid daily taste.  Overall I rate a 5 out of 5 because the service was exceptional, food was hands down tasty and enjoyed every bite.  I will order from here again I can not wait to try out other menu items.Thanks!!
5	Hands down the best pizza in town.  I am a pizza snob and I can't get enough of these pies.  If you like a true NY style pizza, look no further.  I travel 25 minutes away to grab this delicious pizza. I think the white pizza is da bomb!  The wings are pretty good.  They have great unique sauces for everyone's taste buds. The chicken fingers are really good too. If you like fresh chicken fingers these are great!  I really like Canes, but I think TGP have two stars ahead of them.  Now let's talk about the cheesesteak.  Yep these guys serve cheese steaks.  First of all I am not a cheesteak fan.  I was told every time I went to grab a pie to try the cheesesteak.  OMG....they made me a believer.  Get the cheesesteak and a PIE and you are good to go!  Those Guys Pies are in my humble opinion the BEST in knowing how to combine sauces, fresh high grade cheese and toppings, and the bombiest crust known to man into what most call pizza.....and for those you know pizza.......call pie!!!!  7  stars if yelp would let me....
5	Always great food at Those Guys Pies. Hands down, the best Philly Cheesesteak in Las Vegas.
4	Really good pizza. But, if I were to do it again, I would order a large pizza, put it in the fridge for 2 hours, and heat up individual slices on aluminum foil (or a pizza stone) for 5 minutes at 475*F. Something magical happens. Sounds crazy, but I actually enjoy Those Guys Pies twice as much on the reheat. It becomes perfectly crispy and chewy, as real pizza should be.Not all pizza reacts this way. But real NJ/NY pizza does. (This is meant to be a compliment to Those Guys Pies.)Give it try. Experience the alchemy.
5	Ok. Where do I start? With the oh-my-god-these-are-the-best-chicken-fingers-I've-ever-had-in-my-mouth? With their amazingly delicious Italian breadcrumb coating deep fried to perfection? But, wait! There's more. The sauces...IPA buffalo? Pineapple buffalo? Garlic Parmesan? The best fingers hands down, anywhere. I just can't imagine anyone making them any better. I was going to save the pizza review for last because I thought it was the best thing on the menu. But, after tonight's surprise cheesesteak, I'm torn. The pizza, for us, was the main draw. It's virtually perfect. The crust is thin, crispy but with that little bit of chew. The toppings are unlike any other pizza joint...they house make the bacon, the sausage & the meatball. HOUSEMADE  PEOPLE, HOUSE MADE! An Italian white pizza with mozzarella, ricotta & broccoli rabe, who else is making a takeout/delivery pizza at that caliber? It's takeout pizza on a whole other level. Now, on to the cheesesteak. We're west coast people, born & raised in San Diego and  we just never quite got the craze for cheesesteak. It's good, but we've never been wowed. Well, last night we were sent home from Those Guys Pies with an original cheesesteak. Ribeye. Onions. American Cheese. Cheesewhiz. It blew us away. It was perfection. It wasn't just a cheesesteak, it was an experience! The reason we weren't "cheesesteak people" is because we had never had a real cheesesteak done right. Now, we can't wait til our next cheesesteak, but only from TGP!  There you have it. People, you need to get to Those Guys Pies and try everything. Those guys know more than just perfect pizzas!! Happy Eating!!
4	This review stems from sampling their food from Bite of Las Vegas so take it for what it's worth.They were sampling their buffalo chicken w/ jalapenos which was AMAZING! They had numerous others to sample, but didn't get a chance to have a bite. That sample def made me want to enjoy more of what they have to offer. If you haven't had their pizza you're missing out! The only bummer is that they don't deliver to the southwest side as their delivery radius is 5 miles.
4	Shared a small white pie and cheese steak w/onions & cheese whiz w/my bf for dinner last night. Both were deeeelish! I would highly recommend to try.
5	When you have a choice, add a side salad. This is not your typical,  boring greens. Check it out.
5	I ordered from here by sheer luck, after browsing Yelp while hungry. Total home run. What did I order? Chicken fingers (5 out of 5 stars). They were absolutely delicious and the sauces to choose from was a major decision maker for me. I ordered the Hot Buffalo sauce (one of the best traditional buffalo sauces I've ever had), the Blue cheese sauce (one of the best blue cheese sauces I've ever had), the Maple Mustard sauce (Delicious) and the Thai Peanut sauce (Also delicious). Other Yelpers are right, these are definitely some of the best chicken tenders in Vegas. Also, I'm a sucker for a good cheesesteak and these cheesesteaks are great!  I ordered mine with provolone (because cheese whiz kind of creeps me out), peppers and onions. They're HUGE and the meat is excellent. I'm excited to order pizza next time and now I have a solid place to get cheesesteaks and tenders from, to-go. I ordered online at thoseguyspies.com, didn't have to call and had a speedy and professional delivery. I am now an avid supporter and fan. How was this place hiding in my backyard and I didn't even know?! My only complaint is that I wasn't privy to this place's existence sooner!
5	This place is awesome the spicy Italian pie is one our favorite. Good pizza good service
4	Delicious! The "Shroom" pizza is awesome, has seasonal shrooms on it with goat cheese!  Right around the corner from the shop are some chairs and tables along the water....what a nice setting for a date night!
5	Best pizza!!! It's like the Secret Pizza spot in Cosmo, but closer to my house (when I lived in Vegas) and I don't have to walk into a casino! I love their White Pizza with broccoli rab.  Yumss my mouth is drooling as I write this review.  Their cinnamon poppers is a delicious must try item too! The guys in there are super nice and friendly too
5	My cheesesteak sandwich experiences are limited to my university's on-campus grill (American cheese oozing over a pile of grilled onions and beef on overly greasy cardboard, ahem, flavorless soggy chewy bread) and Amato's Cheesesteaks in the Bay Area. Amato's has a great reputation, but we always got it to go and it would be steaming in the paper wrapper for about 25 minutes. Fast forward to our trip to Las Vegas, where I read about Those Guys Pies in one of the Las Vegas magazines. Take a bite. Close your eyes. Chew and savor and repeat. This stuff is pure heaven, or at least I hope heaven is a place filled with delicious cheesesteaks and pies from Those Guys Pies. I ordered The Works Cheesesteak with a hug and photo-op. The freshly baked flavorful yeasty bread was stuffed with a ridiculous amount of deliciously marinated tender certified Angus beef rib-eye with grilled onions, mushroom, green bell peppers and white American cheese and then placed in the hot pizza oven for a crispety crunchety exterior and piping hot interior. Sooooo gooood. Amazing. Mind-blowing. Life-changing. And then there was the pizza. Thin and chewy high quality crust with crisp edges and lots of flavor (I hate bland crust), topped by the most amazing red sauce, delicious mozzarella cheese and yummy housemade sausage! Since we ordered a half and half, the halves were composed carefully, leaving a strip down the middle that did not have any meat or veggies.We were going to eat once we got back to the house, but the smell was making me hungry, so we ate in the car instead. My lap was used as a tabletop; thankfully Las Vegas Weekly saved the super hot pizza from burning the top of my thighs. I burned my mouth on that piping hot first slice! After the searing pain, my taste buds encountered immense pleasure. Yummmmm. Hello, best ever pizza and cheesesteak in Las Vegas. Totes Amaze! You must try this place!
5	Their dedication to customer service here is unparalleled! After my last review with the soggy pizza, they wrote me to offer me a pizza to replace the other and give them another chance at my convenience. While it never crossed my mind to stop patronizing this establishment, the gesture meant a lot! Every pizza that I have had since has been top notch! The last time I was in the joint to pick up pizzas I mentioned my previous experience with the driver waiting for me to get back into my apartment, and they were like "oh that's you!!" Only slightly embarrassed about locking myself out, and being recognized by my Yelp reviews. I guess I'm pretty much famous now. =PThey also have Mexican Cokes in the bottle!
3	We love a good NY style pizza, and chose this place as it was the closest to home with the best reviews. The guys working were great, and I love that they offered  mozzarella, onion powder, pepper flakes and oregano to go. That said, the cheese pizza we had was just okay. We were hoping for a thinner crust, more grease to be sitting on top of the cheese, and the sauce to be tangier. We are still in search of a great NY style pizza here in Vegas. Hope we can find it.
5	The Best Pizza west of NY.  The staff (not sure if the owner took our order, but he seemed authoritative) was very attentive.  We ordered a half Shroom and half Spicy Italian pie with a side of wings (with the Wasabi Ranch and Garlic Parm dipping sauces).  Due to the limited seating, he suggested that we sit by the lake, which had a great view.  Once we received our order, we dug right in.  The first bite was so yummy and full of gooey cheesy mushroom goodness.  The wings were nice and crispy.  We both enjoyed the Wasabi Ranch very much; the ranch actually made for an excellent dip for the pizza crust as well.  After we downed a bottle of Coke, we went back to the pizza place and thanked them for a great meal.Also, I don't understand how a pizza this good can be made in 10 minutes.  Much lesser establishments take far longer, cost just as much and don't have that very NY east coast freshly made-gooey-oily flavor that Those Guys offer up.  **This review was written by my gf, who was raised on a steady diet of east coast pies growing up.
4	Been here a few times.Pizza is an AWESOME NY style pizza. No ground beef on the pie here! Sliced meatballs all the way. Chicken fingers are very good as well. Garlic Fries were sensation. Cheesesteak is another homerun on the menu!Highly recommend!
5	I LOVE this place! Best cheesesteak EVER!!! Also try the maple mars spine cheesecake it's HEAVENLY!
5	Ordered a small meat pizza, OMG, was it ever loaded.  Took it home for my son and I, he moaned as he ate 2/3 of it that night!!!  Comment after comment on how it was one of the best pizzas ever and amazed at the amount of toppings!  These guys are generous!  And top quality to boot!  Plus, as I waited we chatted for a bit and the gentleman who waited on me was so nice!  Thank You!
5	I lived in Boston for 18 years before moving to Las Vegas.  I had my favorite pizzeria, a spot in Brighton Corner.  It didn't look like anything special.  But sit at one of the cheap formica tables a while & you might notice the Italian newspapers strewn about, then that the gentlemen behind the counter are all speaking Italian.  What the place lacked in fancy decor it more than made up for with authenticity.And my point, you ask?  I have really high standards for my pizza.  I signori at Brighton Corner made the best red sauce I've ever tasted and used a pepperoni that was like no other.  For years in Vegas, I looked for pizza that was 80% as good.  Then I gave up &  looked for pizza that was half as good.  Still nothing, until I discovered Those Guys.No, neither their red sauce nor their pepperoni are as good as i signori, but they're reasonably close.  And Those Guys' crust is actually better.  It's a big plus that Those Guys make their own sausage, meatballs, and even smoke their own bacon.  Also, TG makes a cheesesteak with the best quality beef you'll ever find in a hoagie.Despite the 20-minute drive, I go to Those Guys fairly often (once every couple of weeks).  It's a bit of a distance to go for pizza, but it's a lot closer than Brighton Corner.
4	Starting off a late night of boozin!  We wanted something quick, easy, and FILLING to soak up all the alcohol, and my long term Yelp bookmark delivered the goods!Ordered an Original Ribeye Cheesesteak ($11): Grilled Onions and Cheese Wiz. This was a large portion and pretty tasty! The meat was minced up very finely but was JUICY and had good flavor. The grilled onions were perfect...sweet, and not very distracting from the meat and cheese. Wish they were a little heavier on the WIZ, but overall a solid philly steak!Three Cheese Fries ($5). This was a large serving and was DRENCHED in cheese...awesome! I split the cheesesteak and fries with Eva, and we still weren't able to finish everything! They only have a tiny table with 3 chairs or so inside.  Probably should do take-out here, but we ended up eating inside since we were in a hurry.I'll be back to try the pizza!
5	I'm from NY but my Dad's from Philly so I've been there many times. Cheesesteaks are one of my favorite meals and they make a genuine Philadelphia Cheesesteak. Top of the line steak sandwich right here. The guy I talked to was from philly, I assume he's the owner but I'm not sure.Just created a yelp account to review this place!
2	Important to note that we got delivery so I can't comment on quality or service at the actual location.  We ordered a big sexy pie and some fingers with sauces totaling about $35 with tip.  The pizza was so oily that it had run through the box and was oily underneath. The pizza itself was fine, not great not terrible, but the crust was a joke.  Because of all the oil it was super flimsy and almost impossible to eat since it kept flopping all over.  The chicken fingers were fine, and the sauces were interesting (if not necessarily good... maple mustard wasn't a winner)It was fine overall, but we probably won't order from here again.
3	It took a long time for my pizza to arrive longer than I was told.  But the pizza and the salad were very good!  And the pizza was still hot when it came-YES!  I am tired of cold pizza.
1	This was a terrible experience.  I order two pies for delivery later that day, called early so they would be on time.  They were more than 20 mins. late and the Pizza was horrible.  It was so greasy we needs to use a paper towel to absorb the excess grease before we ate a slice.  The taste was unfortunately not very good, we had a Meat and a Veggie, both tasted lousy.  I selected this company because of all the great reviews but in this instance they didn't do a good job.
5	I've been eating here for over a year now and I guess it's time for an update.  Still the Best Philly that I have had here in Vegas!  I have tried every pizza on the menu and they still have great quality ingredients that they had a year ago.  Our favorite is the Meat Pie the day after a night of drinking!  Just the right amount of grease for our hangover!  Keep up the good work Guys!!
5	Wow what a place I ordered my pizza, chicken, and salad about an hour and twenty minutes before it came but I wasn't too upset because he said it would be about an hour for whatever reason but when they showed up they told us the 20 minute late delay was because they burnt our pizza and decided to give us the next size up and made our whole order FREE. Enough said right there... If you guys ever read these just know the kid off Belmont Lake appreciates you and looks forward to future business!
5	There food is fantastic I love Those Guys House Salad I eat it EVERY DAY!!!
5	Tonight was my first visit. My hubby and I walked there cause it's close by. The owner is very friendly and will make pizza the way you like it. We got the meat pie and I added jalapenos on half of it. Boy, was I pleasantly surprised when we got home! Everything is made from scratch and incredibly delicious! There was a party in my mouth and everyone was invited! I highly recommend this place for a yummy pizza and great customer service. They are now on my regular list.
4	These guys? No! It's THOSE GUYS! Finally got around to trying this place. For once, I ordered delivery (it was only a $1!) because their shop is only for pick up and delivery and the thought of having a 35 min  drive home, then eating a soggy pizza did not appeal to me. Luckily, I have lots of friends in Summerlin. I got the Italian White Pie (ricotta, mozza, broccoli, sausage, caramelized onions and garlic) for $16.50. It's a tasty pie. I also ordered the chicken wings but instead got chicken fingers. They were just okay. They come in long strips and it was a bit off-putting. I'm going to be honest, I wasn't blown away by this place. So, I'm tentatively giving it 4-stars and I'll order from then again and update accordingly. The pizza was really good but there was a lot going on, I think I missed out on the best part, their homemade sausage.  I could barely taste it.  I didn't realize it had broccoli rabe, I thought it was spinach. Ok, so I was a little inebriated. LOL. I heated up the leftovers the next day and, lo and behold, I saw the broccoli rabe! Love that stuff. This place gets rave reviews, not just by Yelpers, but by Summerlin locals. So next time I'm going to try their cheesesteaks and order a plain white pizza, topped with bacon, sausage and pepperoni (they make their meats in-house). The crust was good, perfect NY-style. Can't comment on their red sauce yet.... next time!
5	Quite possibly the best home made pizza and sub sand witches you can get. We absolutely love this place. The meatballs and sauce are absolutely the best!
4	Salads here are amazing. Large portions
3	Hmmm. My first yelp review because I am that disappointed with my caprese salad. According to the menu description and yelper photos, it comes with beefsteak tomatoes, the whole reason I ordered it. Yet, it arrived covered with roasted tomatoes, the same tomatoes that came with the Lakes salad. I ordered two different salads for certain reasons. Where are my raw thick sliced tomatoes with my fresh mozzarella??? Grrr. This is my 5th or 6th time ordering delivery and I always order thru their app online. Food has always been great. Cheesesteaks are great, I prefer provolone over whiz. In my opinion, the whiz covers the flavor of the cheesesteak and the provolone brings it out. Pizza is bomb. The white pizza is yummy but I'm a bigger fan of red sauce so the Big Sexy and regular cheese is my fav. Get a white and Big Sexy if u can. I would've given them five stars but it's disappointing looking forward to something and get let down.
5	Delicious cheese steak, can't wait to try the pizza and wings next time. Will definitely be back, glad to know they deliver as well. Awesome!
5	The food is top notch, best pizza and cheese steaks around!  I've been to all of the other places some of the other people posting mention, Grimaldi's, Don DiMarcos, Roccos, Verazanos, etc., and NOTHING touches this place!!  The customer service is outstanding and their delivery is usually pretty quick.  I highly recommend, you will not be disappointed!
5	Having just moved here from NY, I was excited to see what kind of pizza places were around my apartment. After reading these reviews, Those Guys was an obvious front runner for being our local spot. We went in today, and the guy that helped was helpful, funny, and really laid back. He made us a half regular and half white pie, because he overheard my girlfriend and I debating which to get. When he was packing it up to give it to us, he said something to the effect of "if you don't like that pie, you're crazy!" .... But he's such a laid back guy that it came off more of quiet confidence and being friendly. Man though, he was right. They slather on garlic, which I happen to love. If you don't, perhaps this won't be the place for you. The regular pie was delicious, the sauce and cheese they use are SO flavorful. The crust was a bit soggy (we drove 10 minutes home), but man the flavor was so good I easily forgave some sogginess. The white pie was also really good, and had some great pockets of garlic. Needless to say, my girlfriend and I can't talk to anyone without eating ten pieces of gum, but man was it worth it! Great service, great pizza, great price!
5	So amazing! I just moved in down the street and Those Guys Pizza is shizznit! Love the spinach salad.  Super friendly staff.  The have made me a happy pizza filled camper.
5	Omg! Everything was very good but the White Pie (Pizza) was so delicious. Very friendly. We will come again
4	3rd time is the charm!  Have called in and picked up 3 times from Those Guys.  Every time, my order has been ready when promised and the people answering the phone and taking orders have been  very pleasant. My family is a big fan of the chicken fingers.  We skip the sauce and just get extra fingers.  Today we tried the Italian White Pizza.  Lots of garlic and ricotta cheese.  A little pricey, but worth it.  Looking forward to trying the rest of their pizzas.  We found the cheesesteak to be too salty and not worth the price.  There are better cheesesteak options in Las Vegas and on the west side of town.Overall... two thumbs up for Those Guys.  We will be back.
5	Ummmmm yes please. We had pizza and wings delivered from Those Guys Pies tonight for the first time. Half way through the meal we were so angry with ourselves for wasting time ordering from all the other places. So. Good. The pizza was really good, but the wings were AMAZING. They send the sauce separately (we ordered mild and parmesan garlic) from the wings with baggies so you can toss them yourself. My wife said "these are the best wings I've ever had".  No joke. Give this place a try. Now. Fair price and really good food. You will not regret it.
1	Ordered the pie for delivery. The delivery was 45 mins late & the pie tasted and felt like it was made 2 days ago.. complete let-down
5	Just ate the best pizza in Las Vegas!  We usually order from Rocco's, which is also good but wanted to try something new.  So glad we chose Those Guys Pies!  We ordered a large (18 colossal inches!) pizza and a cheese steak with whiz...both were delicious.  We picked our order up and were completely intoxicated by the smell the entire 10 minute ride home.  The pizza crust was perfect...crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside...perfect.  The red sauce had excellent flavor and delicious.  The home-made sausage and sweet onions on top were to die for.The cheesesteak was also amazing...excellent quality steak and full of flavor.  I agree with other reviews...the best in town!We hope they are able to expand and offer seating on location one day soon so we can eat it as soon as it comes out of the oven.  Everyone needs to try this place.  You won't be sorry!!  This is our new favorite!!
5	Out of sight, out of mind. Maybe that's why this place doesn't get the love it deserves. Tucked away in an old strip mall by The Lakes, you have to hunt to find this place. It's a tiny shop with virtually no room to dine in. Take out or delivery are your only options. Specializing in New York-style pies, you'll find crusts with a good balance of crispiness and chew that are slightly blistered. I've been meaning to try their red sauce, but their white pies are so good I haven't passed them up. My usual order has been an 18" white pie ($22) with added caramelized onions, pepperoni, and mushrooms. The 'shroom pie with the white sauce wasn't bad either, full of a variety of mushrooms. Service has been friendly and efficient, even during peak hours. For take out, Those Guys has become my go-to place for a quick-fix of pizza.4.5 Stars
5	The Cheesesteaks here are now the best I've had in town! There was a flyer put on my door earlier in the week from this place and it sounded good so hubby and I gave this place a try. Hubby actually ordered a "Original Cheesesteak" with cheese whiz, onions and peppers, but I ended up eating almost half of it. I just loved the flavor and enjoyed every bite! The sandwich was 10 inches long and stuffed with thinly shaved beef. We shared a order of "Mozzarella Sticks" priced at $7 and they were cheesy. Each one had their own unique shape as they are hand breaded to order. Be prepared for lots and lots of oozing cheese with these! I do wish the breading had more flavor, but they are totally worth ordering. I ordered a "Italian White Pie" priced at $16.50 and it was 14 inches. The pizza had mozzarella, ricotta, sausage, broccoli rabe, garlic and caramelized onions. I liked the pizza, but it actually tasted much better re-heated the next day for lunch. The guy who took our order and gave us our food was nice. I'd like to come back and try some of their other pizzas, sandwiches, salads and of course I will be back for more cheesesteak! Delivery is offered. Check the website to see if you are in the delivery area. They have different lunch specials daily.
3	I ordered from these guys based on all the glowing reviews.  I live 5 min from the store so I ignored the reviews that said the crust was soggy.  Well, that's just what I got.  It's not a bad pizza but I don't think it lived up to the reviews.  A real east coast pizza slice should stand up to the moisture.  The dough lacks that wonderful yeast flavor and the cheese was nothing special.  The spinach was MIA but there were tons of mushrooms so not a deal breaker.  The crust was cooked through and wasn't burned but I wish it had some flavor.  There was very little sauce and that's a good thing considering it would have made it even more soggy.  All that said I will give them one more chance.  The pizza is pricey but I would pay more for an excellent pie.
3	Ordered from these guys based on yelp...NIGHTMARE!!!  Placed order at 6:43... wasvl tld expect 7:38 delivery.   Called at 8:03...was told delivery driver was on his way out....8:25 called again. .was told pizza was on the way.  Pie finally arrives...they comped the order and ran awayFood was delicious....Caprese salad: Mozz was bone dry..otherwise excellent.  Meatball samme was perfect.  Pie was  outstanding.  ... figure out the delivery.
5	I worked with pizza for 6 years and tend to criticize alot.  The crust at this place is thin and delicious but a little heavy on the flour (which is pretty common) the sauce was good not to thick or thin. But what really got me was the toppings they make meatballs, sausage, and bacon in the store.  And you can tell.  The bacon is thick strips with a sweet glaze and absolutely delicious.  They make phillys.   With whiz.  Also cheese fries.    Not only that but they have hands down the best chicken fingers I've ever had in this city.  Raisin canes can't hold a candle to them.  Try this place out!!!
5	So good! Just had a ribeye cheesesteak with whiz & onions! My boyfriend & I shared it; it was huge! He's from New York & said it's the best Philly in Vegas. It was $11 for a 10 inch Philly & was well worth it. My boyfriend wanted another because it was so good! Spread the word, this gem is hard to find.Went back to try their pizza.. good idea! We got a 14" half white half pepperoni pizza. Both styles were so good, I love this place.
5	Best cheesesteaks in Las Vegas, and coming from a native Philadelphian, you can trust that opinion :) Great service as well; I always have a good chat with the owner when I go in.
5	The best pizza I ever had.. on top of that they have really good cheese steak..great customer service too.keep up the great work..
3	I went here for the philly cheesesteak but wasn't that impressed.  The cheesesteak I got from Pellegrino's was far superior.
1	I love their food but as per usual the person answering the phone was acting like a complete dick. Ya know I'm so tired of these places opening up & you love their food but the service SUXXXX! wtf is wrong w/u ppl?! You're open til 10pm but stop taking orders @ 930pm?! WTF?ON A SATURDAY NIGHT?! Shame On You TGP! Get some adults to run your shop instead of kids & you'll do better
4	Came here on a whim because I was craving pizza and found this place on yelp. I got the Big Pie (large size) half Big Sexy and half White Pie. The "Big Sexy" comes with sausage, pepperoni, garlic, onion and pepperoncini. The "White Pie" comes with ricotta, mozzarella and garlic. I enjoyed the pizza a lot. The slices are huge which makes the very tip of them flimsy when you hold it by the crust and try eating it. The crust was great. My girlfriend loved the White Pie and we would both order from here again.Our Big Pie with half Big Sexy and half White Pie came out to $23.50.
5	Love the pizza, love the service. I'm so glad small businesses like this still exist! Reminds me of home
1	Went here thinking it was a restaurant, but got a pizza anyway. The white pizza was so overly greasy and mushy after waiting 40 minutes for the pizza. My stomach instantly hurt. Not crispy at all and just covered in grease. Not good at all.
5	Ok...     They make everything from scratch.    So let me just say...   Im so happy to have found this place.   Its the new go to pizza.   We got the BBQ Chicken pizza and man was that good.   Cant wait to order again!!!
5	Been back here many times and have ordered delivery. Pizzas are still delicious but I find myself getting the cheesesteaks more often now because they are the best in town by a large margin. When we order in at work we usually split the cheesesteaks and get a slice of pizza each.
4	Had their pizza for the first time tonight, Omg amazing.  I had been to the raw vegan place next door once, (which, hey, I'm not a vegan, but can appreciate the food) and the whole time i was wishing I was at the pizza shop! We got 1/2 italian white and 1/2 red with meatball and ricotta.  both were out of this world.  My hubby ran into grab it, but it seemed like its not an actual restaurant but takeout only.
4	BBQ chicken pizza was amazing. The mascarpone cheesecake super delicious. I have to come back and try a cheesesteak. Negatives no seating there are two table outside next to lake which is pretty cool once the sun goes down.
1	JUST ordered, the guy on the phone laughed when I told him my last name, gave me attitude when I was ordering. Got my food, everything was soggy and old. Took one bite now I'm driving back to return my food.
4	4.5 starsThe cheesesteaks here are almost good enough to say Pop's who? Almost. The meat is quality and they aren't shy with it. Using cheese whiz never hurt anybody either! I recommend trying the cheesesteak before anything else. I still need to try a pizza that is more my style with sausage and peppers but my wife ordered a white pie that I gave into and tried a slice of. It wasn't bad, just not my personal favorite toppings for a pizza. The crust on it was good. The mozzarella sticks are made fresh and by hand to order. They have a good amount of gooey cheese and cooked perfectly. My 2nd visit I also tried the 3 cheese fires which looked much better than they sounded and tasted. The fries were cooked right but I would just want cheese whiz on them next time and not the other cheeses. I do wish they had better signage out front. I had a bit of a time finding it and at this time anyway there is nothing on the building saying who they are like the neighboring business in the center. I noticed the specials on their window is the only reason I found it. Solid place with great lunch specials.
5	This is the place! I love secert pizza and now he's on my side of town! I love when things go my way! ;) Thanks to Traci T for the alert on this place! Their veggie pizza is so good, I think we got a white veggie too and both versions are great! Their white pizza is awesome! Yum! Yum! I can't wait to try the desserts everyone raves about but it doesn't go my way when I try to order as everyone else knows to snatch them up before they are all sold out. It is a small old school pizza joint, a counter to order at, a couple chairs to wait, and some pop coolers. Not a dine in place! I love it! Just like the places back home. My mouth is watering....I think I know what we'll have for dinner tonight! :)
5	Drove 45 mins to try this place and definitely worth the trip. They're kinda of hidden in a small shopping center and houses. Ordered a white/garlic and sausage pizza. Love the crust and the flavors. Also the hot wings were delicious. They give u two sauce on the sides, depends on your choice.
5	great pies and phillys. please come to hendo.
5	One of the best pizza places ever, will miss greatly when we move. Live the spicy Italian red with bacon instead of sausage. My kids really like the cheese and the cinnamon poppers. We also tried big sexy, shroom and Italian white, they were all delicious.
4	There is a reason it has so many good reviews and its WAY out off the strip. It is well worth the 15 minute drive for this incredibly flavorful and cheesy pizza!I always get the white pie so I can't tell you about the other pizzas. The white pie is covered in cheese and then fresh ricotta cheese is added on top. If you don't like delicious pizza, don't come here. Another "must stop" places when I come out to Vegas. Stop reading this review and start driving to their location.
5	Some of the best pizza around. I've been there several times and it is always amazing. The shroom pizza is my favorite by far and the diablo is not far behind (has ghost pepper sauce.) The guys in the shop are super friendly and they are pretty quick as well. I've been to New York and this pizza blows theirs out of the water.
5	Seriously, Yelpers, listen to me NOW!!!  This is THE PIZZA PLACE IN VEGAS!  We were looking to try a new pizza joint following a fun visit to our Vet on the westside.  I am sooo glad we chose this place!It's located in the back corner if a strip mall in The Lakes.  I can only hope they expand and put another location closer to us, because this location is a little of a jaunt.  Believe me though, jaunt or no, we will be returning frequently!  If you want to sit and eat, there's a small table inside, or seats by the lake.  It's a beautiful view.  Don't judge the food from the outside.  It is a small pizzeria, but it's all good!  We were immediately greeted and welcomed.  The place smelled so good!  I immediately thought of our fave pizza place in NYC!  Scrammed, bustling and packed full of deliciousness!  We decided to carry out The Works and the Meatball subs.  I don't think I can properly describe how good these subs were.  Forget any other sub shop!  The flavors were off the chain....homemade meatballs, need I say more??We will most definitely be back to try the pizzas.  The white pizza has been calling my name.  Those Guys Pies just made customers for life!!!!!  This place belongs on our FAVE Vegas eats list!
5	JFC this place is good. Pizzas are top notch. I like the big sexy personally, spicy and delicious. Cheesesteak is awesome too, but really, once you've tried the pies you probably won't ever order anything else there again. Do yourself a favor and stop by the next time you're in the mood for an excellent pizza
5	Very good food and the owner and his staff will make sure you are happy!! It is nice to see an owner of a great place ask for feedback ... His product shows his commitment to excellence. It makes me want to try a cheesesteak / and I have never met a cheese stake that I like. :-)
4	One of those evenings when nothing sounds good and I don't want to cook, BF eventually phoned in an order for buffalo-garlic parm and spicy barbeque wings with bleu cheese and an Italian cheesesteak, add mushrooms.Staff is friendly, shop is messy and lacks ambiance but the cook throws his heart and soul into the food- even with an order error, I was impressed. (Received chicken strips instead of wings.)The strips are good sized, long and skinny and crispy- but all three sauces were off the chain! Buffalo garlic parm was the hands-down favorite, but spicy barbeque was tasty as well and the bleu cheese dressing was fresh and had chunks of actual cheese.That Italian Cheese Steak has plentiful ribeye, peppers, and onions in a shredded mix, topped with high quality melted provolone and a good amount of mushrooms. Bread was quality and though a bit soggy, held up without falling apart.Will be making this a regular pick-up stop during football season; next time I'll try the pizza. And some actual chicken wings, if I'm lucky.
5	Hands down best pizza and cheese steaks in town...home made mozzarella. ..Don't miss it! !
1	Not happy after waiting the 40mims for a pizza that i did not order arrives. I spoke with the man and stated i wanted mozzarella cheese, spinach, and tomatoes he then asked if i wanted to add basil i said yes and i wanted to add hot wings i got a pizza with no spinach n it tasted like a can of tomato sauce n the wings were dry and salty. i had to apply my own sauce and of course they only gave a small container. First time and last time ordering from here. I thought with all the reviews being positive it may be a one shooter but im not willing to spend another $27 for pizza n wings that taste nasty. Oh n i gv them to a homeless person maybe he'll enjoy it
4	Ok so  now I can say without a doubt that Those Guys Pies are the best pizza I've had in the valley. My family and I have ordered from them four times now, each time ordering something else, and I can't find a negative thing to say. So I have now tried the pizza, wings, mozzarella sticks, salads, I'm now going to try the cheesesteaks. I have a feeling I won't be disappointed...
5	I HAPPILY RECANT MY LAST REVIEW! I wanted to give this restaurant another try, and I am highly satisfied with not only the pizza but the chef himself! He took the time to reach out converse with me personally!! I can see he really cares about his customers and meals they provide for them.The BBQ Chicken is delicious!! And I hope this will be my permanent cheesesteak provider because I love cheesesteaks. I'm looking forward to my next order! THANKYOU FOR UNDERSTANDING!
5	After stumbling on this place, I tried it a week ago myself to check it out. Being from NJ, its hard to find a real cheese steak here. It was so good, I brought my eleven friends back the next day.
3	Pizza delivery fella was really nice. Ordering was super easy. I was in a house full of littles that were loud so doing it online was handy. The pizza was ok. I've had better, but I've had worse.I had the bbq chicken. I liked the caramelized onions on it. Pepperoni pizza was ok.
5	I have been to pretty much every place in Philly known for their cheese steaks and Those Guys Pies has it right. Only place in LV offering whiz that I know of. They offer provolone and white American as well.The pizzas are awesome too!Plain cheese and the meat are my favorites.Did I mention they deliver? You cannot go wrong with this place for a pizza or cheese steak. Well worth the drive.
4	Got the OG cheesesteak, it's legit. The owner is cool, from Jersey born in south Philly. He definitely knows his cheesesteak. The bread they used is nice and soft inside but nicely toasted outside. The prime rib cuts is exceptional; juicy and flavorful. I tried it with the provolone and as you can see from my picture- it's nice and cheesey. Mmmmm so good... Get it with caramelized onions!Will be coming back to try their chicken cheesesteak and some of their good looking pies!Check it out!
4	Great pie! I built my own 18" with ghost pepper sauce (awesome) mozzarella, chicken, mushrooms and garlic. The only thing I can say that could be an opportunity for improvement is I asked for a "well done" crust but it wasn't quite there. Anyways, great pie, taste, ingredients, and cool delivery dude. I'll order again.
3	On the hunt to find new wings to sample, I stopped by Those Guys Pies for pick up. I ordered wings with a number of different sauces, fried mushrooms and a cheesesteak with mushrooms.They serve the wings plain and give you the sauces to season yourself. My favorite flavors were the pineapple buffalo and wasabi ranch. The fried mushrooms had a nice batter and were cooked well. They even stayed crispy after a long drive home. I was excited about the cheesesteak after hearing all the raves and I was a little disappointed. It was so greasy and was bland.The wings were enough to draw me back and I look forward to trying their pizza on my next visit. The guys at Those Guys Pies were great and very accommodating.
3	One of the best pizzas in Vegas. It is greasy but what do you expect, it's pizza. I once ordered one that had the broccoli rabe (Italian white pizza) and the earthy taste of the veggie was too strong- didn't blend well at all with the pizza. Now I always get white shroom and I'm happy with it. I like the regular white pizza too.What I don't like is the attitude of Roy the owner who took my order. Not everyone working there acts like him- the rest are friendly and polite. I told him about my house salad soaked in dressing and I was unable to eat it and he didn't do anything about it except said he will put my dressing on the side the next time.For me it's 4 stars if it weren't for the attitude.
5	My new favorite pizza place in Vegas!I love the BBQ chicken pizza, the chicken fingers are amazing, and Those a Guys are the only pizza place I've been to that actually makes their own mozzarella sticks. We ordered too much and saved our cheesesteaks for the next day. Baked in the oven and delicious!
5	The food here is amazing! I personally love the BBQ Chicken Pizza, Maui Wowie, and the Big Sexy. My brother loves the cheese steaks, and my sister loves the chicken wings and fingers. The staff is awesome and so down to earth. And the owner is a super cool guy. You can never go wrong with ordering Those Guys Pies. And if you do, try the Pineapple Buffalo Sauce! (all of the sauces are good, but that's my favorite)
5	A long time ago in a toxic waste dump far away called New Jersey, a young boy had his first pizza, a thin crusted thin crust pizza with fresh toppings all over it. It was heaven to that boy and for the last 20 years he has been trying to find a western region version close to that perfect bite.  Those Guys Pies comes awfully close.  Led by Roy Bass, who helped start Secret Pizza at the Cosmo, Those Guys Pies not only makes superb pizza but excellent cheesesteak (Roy hails from Cherry Hill, just a skimming stone away from Philly), and even homemade mozzarella sticks.  The ingredients are fresh and clearly Roy and his partner in crime put east coast love into their creations.My one regret is they do not serve slices at night.  Still, leftover pizza will be good in the morning :)Enjoy the pie with the transplanted east coaster Seal of Approval.
5	I don't see myself ordering Dominos anytime soon after trying this place. It's similar to Villa Pizza, and the cheesy bread was really good too. Delivery was pretty fast as well.
2	I decided to try a new pizza spot tonight after perusing my Entertainment book.We ordered an 18" white pizza, and an 18" meat lovers pizza. I was impressed they had artichokes - so I asked if our pizza can have artichokes instead of bacon. They said cool, so I was very happy about the easiness of substituting one item.We get home, and we find out that we received 2 of the White Pizzas. I LOVE white pizza - my kids despise it. I usually take a peek at the pies before bringing them home, but I failed to do so this time.I made a phone call to Those Guys. Unfortunately, I live 15-20 minutes away and was not going to drive back to show them the pizzas. I tried explaining we have 2 of the same pizzas - I am looking right at them. I tasted a slice from each. They look the same, taste the same - and the person on the phone insists I have 2 different pizzas. Being a 42 year old Long Island born and raised boy, I kinda know my way around pizza. I promise if a pizza had pepperoni or artichokes on it, I would know it even if I was blind.I am ok with the Pizza. I would give the pizza 3 1/2 stars of 5. I can appreciate that the pizza tastes like a decent pie. It is middle of the road for quality. When a pizza is wrong, I have no choice but to deduct points. When I am told I have the correct pizza in front of me and it is not, I have to deduct for that also.I took pictures of both pizzas, and if I can figure out how to add them to this review, they will shown here in just a bit. If someone can find the pepperoni and artichokes and show me that the broccoli rabe is not broccoli rabe, that would be most helpful.
3	Overpriced and overrated. I've been looking forward to trying Those Guys because of all these good reviews. I had a "buy 1, get 1" coupon so I figured that was a bonus! The shop is small and hidden and the employees were friendly enough, but the pizza did not live up to the 4 stars it gets here on yelp. We ordered 2 pies: the "Shroom" and the "Spicy Red Italian". They were ready in about 20 minutes.I always make sure I try a slice before I get home because a 15-20 minute drive can do terrible things to a pizza and I want an honest "out of the oven" opinion. We found a spot outside and opened the boxes only to find two very wet looking pies. I tried picking up a slice and it was so limp I basically ended up with a handful of toppings and grease. I had to fold it in half and even then, the tip had to be folded up into the middle of the slice. I ended up sucking out the ingredients like pizza soup.Taste-wise, it wasn't too bad and the ingredients seemed fresh but the crust could not stand up to them. It was a very messy situation. If I hadn't had the 2 for 1 coupon I would have been really upset as those two pies would have run me about $45. Seriously? I've worked in a pizza shop before so I know pizza doesn't have to cost that much.I seem to be in the minority here but I definitely won't be rushing back to Those Guys any time soon. There are much better options out there.
5	I love this place mainly because these guys take their pies very seriously. I love their white pie, but truly cant be disapointed with any pizza on the menu. This is the best pizza place for take out outside the strip. The owner is a very passionate man who appreciates a good quality product everytime.
5	My co-workers and I were starving looking for something to cure our hangover blues. But everything was closed due to the holiday. So after process of elimination we chose this place. And I'm glad we did! When I ordered Roy was so pleasant and funny! The order didn't take very long to be delivered and everyone is surprisingly quiet during lunch-which is rare. Too busy stuffing our faces lol. Great food, large portions, and good quality!
