5	Very hip, independent Seattle type coffee/espresso place.  I was served an admirable deep amber ristretto in white stoneware off the La Marzocco by Jared.  What more could I want?
5	Love this place. I can't wait until they're open on Sundays. Walked in late afternoon to grab a cappuccino. It was one of the best cappuccinos I've ever had; I'm not exaggerating. The space is very hip and cool looking. I will definitely be coming here more often.
4	Nice addition to Old Town Scottsdale. The grunge metal music drew me in, the aroma kept me there. I ordered a soy latte and it was pretty AND delicious!  The space inside has a hip vibe and the barista was friendly.  I would just recommend having brown sugar preferably organic as a sweetening option. Not sure if I saw honey either. Good job and best wishes!
5	Excellent coffee and espresso made by knowledgable baristas. Not often does hip and comfortable meet the quality demands of truly great coffee, but this place hits the mark on all counts. I highly recommend going here!
3	Friendly, knowledgeable staff.Quaint decor, leans toward pdeudo-industrial - but is well kept.Quick order taken and drink delivered.This location uses roast from Cartel Coffee Labs.The mocha was very tasty, but there was a slightly metallic taste to it. After some biscotti (ew, raisins) - I tried a single shot. Same metallic taste. I think the issue is the water. Tastes a bit like softened water instead of RO purified. Fix the water and an easy four star.
5	really hip coffee joint with cool music. Vintage yet modern I think it's a hispers dream. Coffee is fresh and the staff is friendly. The location of sola is right in the middle of the creepy part of old town scottsdale, but don't let that detour you from visiting. It is also a great place to just sit and surf the we with their free wifi.
5	good things come to those who wait and the coffee from sola is definitely one of them. each cup of coffee is individually brewed so just make sure you have a few extra minutes to spare.  their soy chai lattes are also really delicious.. mmmm... just thinking about it makes me want one. cheaper. tastes better. true indie vibe. definitely the best coffee house around.one gripe: no one answers at the phone number listed on the website so i wasn't able to place my order in advance.
4	So you live in South Scottsdale and you love coffee? For us that has meant drive time to Cartel, Lux, Liberty, etc. No more!I'd been wanting to get to Sola Coffee Bar ever since I first heard about it but in a couple quick attempts when out with the family wasn't able to eyeball it's exact location. I'd heard they used Cartel Coffee Lab beans which is a plus for us and the fact that they were nearby?? How sweet would that be if it turned out well!Well, I happened to meet up with someone today there and am so glad I did - turned out to be far overdue. First of all, it's a great looking place. Funky & cool but relaxed. They do have the free wifi - always a bonus. There is also ample parking around which kind of bucks the trend of great #phx coffee shops.Then I did verify that they do in fact use beans from Cartel Coffee Lab. They also sell them. Bonus! Their confections also come daily from Lux. Another bonus. In addition to that, they have a changing selection of tea from Tea Gschwender down the block.They have a nice espresso machine and my drink #1 there was excellent and complete with beautiful latte art. They were also brewing drip coffee in a manner quite similar to Cartel's so that bodes well. One thing they do that Cartel no longer does is brew up the decaf. That's much appreciated with Lee3 on the way. I'm excited to get back, try more there and bring out the real coffee freaks in the family. I also heard from the folks there that Sola is non-profit. One last point to remove the obstacle that delayed my first visit is that Sola Coffee Bar is located on 5th Ave a bit west of Scottsdale Rd. but still east of the Stetson connection. It is also on the north side of the road.
5	Sola is tasty toddy and pretty cappuccinos and a nice Alexis and bare walls and concrete floors and cool haircuts. It's LUX without pretension; humility goes a long way for me.
5	Decaf espresso in the house!!! After multiple visits to Sola and a variety of drinks, it's safe to say that we're huge fans. And the great thing is that they're doing decaf espresso now too so the expecting moms now don't need to go without.Big fan of the Haitian vanilla latte.
5	You know how it is...you have been working all morning...on the phone...on the web...answering emails, IM's...on Skype with the euro's...you really need to get out of the office and clear your head, no matter how gilded, plush and well appointed that particular cage is!You need to get out in the real world..."rub shoulders" with the masses...you know..."press the flesh" with the hoi polloi:)BTW, those are both euphemisms, as I have discovered through trial and error (not to mention lengthy lectures about "boundaries" and "personal space" from various law enforcement officials and other members of the legal profession:)So I filled my backpack with my notebook and its power source, my aircard (wifi is great, but a little unreliable at times), my notepad (the paper one...no power cord needed), the folio that my notepad lives in, various pens and pencils (including my beautiful blue Parker fountain pen), post-its, my bluetooth earpiece for my phone, my phone, my newspaper, my current book and my reading glasses.Whew!...That backpack was full as a tick and ready to pop...you know, it's always the same problem...you finally get your sh*t together...then you discover that it's too heavy to lift:)Anyway, off I went to Sola for a little slice of humanity and a couple of cups of extraordinary coffee!Sola is a lovely little spot to spend an hour or two, sitting at one of the big tables, enjoying the conversations around you, the soft music playing, the hissing of the espresso machine as the delightful owners make the various coffee and tea concoctions...and a really extraordinary cup of coffee!At Sola, they always grind the beans fresh when I ask for a cup...then they put a single cup filter (with the perfect amount of fresh ground beans) on top of the cup...then they pour perfectly heated water into the single cup filter and let it percolate into the cup for a perfect cup of coffee...that's right...I said "perfect"!I know, there are cappuccino and espresso and latte enthusiasts out there saying "Donald, you just described a mere cup of coffee...it's not the caramel macchiato with whipped cream ambrosia that I usually drink!"Well, I hear you...and I would be willing to bet that those kinds of coffee drinks are also excellent at Sola...but...I like my regular cup of coffee and I enjoy my cup of coffee at Sola more than any other single cup of coffee that I can recall...esp. given that I pay Sola about what I would pay for a large cup of crappy coffee from Charbucks:)The coffee at Sola is never sitting in an urn...never on the heat...never not perfectly fresh and well made (I know...double negative...but artistic license wins out over correct grammar:)Add in the fact that the people working at Sola are so nice, pay so much attention to detail in making my coffee and that they have created such a nice spot to relax, work and enjoy my coffee...well, I will submit that it is worth your time to swing through Old Town and discover Sola:)If you see me at Sola, you are welcome to "rub shoulders" with me but please don't "press my flesh"...I bruise easily these days:)
4	After hearing about Sola for what seems like ages (in actuality they've only been open since last November), I finally made my way in early this morning.I was up early for a 6am workout and decided to swing by Sola after that... if only I could find it!  It's hidden!  After several drive bys and a call to my husband to make sure I was in the right place, I spotted it (on the north side of 5th Avenue in between Stetson and Scottsdale).  By the time I went up to the door, it was around 7:20.  Unfortunately, the door was locked.  Just my luck...I peeped inside to see someone and he nodded and made his way over to open the door.  He opened it and told me they don't officially open until 8am but he invited me in anyways... nice!I found out that this man was Jared (he's referenced in some of the other reviews), and he was extremely friendly, especially considering it was before open hours.  Jared me me a beautiful looking Cafe Americano with just the right amount of steamed soy per my request.  It tasted even better than it looked!My one complaint is that the only fake sweetener they had was the yellow kind (Splenda), and I prefer the pink kind.  But lucky for me, I was heading home, so I added it there.  Other than that, I'm a huge fan... and I'm especially feeling good after finishing my cup of joe this morning; it's going to be a productive Monday, I can tell!I know that Sola  supports the Old Town community, and I'm excited to have an indy coffee shop right around the corner... I will be back!
4	I like this place so much for the vibe and the laid back atmosphere.  It's a great place to just chill out and chat, although there are occasionally a few people who are a little too relaxed for me.  Like the chick with her shoes off, reclining on the couch, bare feet and all.  Or the mom who had a meeting and let her son run rampant, including out the front door, and let him harass other kids with a handful of straws.  That being said, I'm very happy to have this place so close to home.I didn't give it the fifth star, because while the milk is always perfectly creamy, it's often not hot, and I know I might get shot for this, Cartel is not my favorite coffee.  Also, there is one woman who charges double or triple for drinks from what most of the guys charge. Baked goods also are fresh and get a big thumbs up.
4	this place is really cool. i love the concrete floors. free wi-fi? i try to stay somewhat disconnected....the staff....so friendly and gregarious. they talk to their customers like they're old pals. i was so surprised to see how they brew the coffee. my mom has made her coffee like that ever since i can remember. when i made it like that, i just assumed that's how coffee was brewed. alas, work, women, dog....had to get a coffee maker. so when i saw sola's technique, boy did it bring back memories. the only thing that kept away the extra star were the hours. wish they opened earlier than 8am and also on sundays. i love that i can ride over there on my bike, but by 8am (and not at all on sundays), i'm already at work!
5	Sola is near my office which is hardly the only reason I visit this wonderful coffee shop, it is the process by which the Sola staff makes the coffee.  The beans are ground right before the coffee is made which makes for a delicious cup of joe.  The staff is friendly, the beans are fresh and the pastries are quite good.  Free wifi is available too!
3	Its a nice little coffee shop with free wifi.  I'm not a big coffee drinker, so I can't attest to the coffee, it was about the same for me..  I didn't like that they didn't have a lot of pastry choices.  I'm usually not very hard to entice into getting a pastry with my coffee but the 3 times I went there, I just wasn't into the choices they had.  :\
5	Great spot for some good coffee in Old Town Scottsdale.  The decor is clean and inviting and the coffee is great.  Good selection of drip coffees and some very tasty muffins available as well.
3	Had to downgrade my rating as Sola has changed their chai to a formula. It is no longer the deliciously brewed goodness that they used to buy from Lux. =( Still, I perservere and ask everytime I'm in if they've reverted back to the chai that was once oh so delightful. Til then... I will have to stick w/ my iced almond milk decaf hazelnut & vanilla latte.
4	How can I live so close to Sola yet it's taken me so long to visit this caffeinated paradise? Hidden among the quirky Old Town shops, Sola is an eclectic coffee house and when I walked in, I immediately got the feeling of less is more. The vibe is pretty bohemian and it's perfect to sit and relax for a cup of coffee or set up shop and work for the day. I took the latter route. The music playing in the background is soothing and entertaining without being distracting. While I was there, I tried the coffee and an iced tea made from fresh loose tea. Both were fabulous and and the tea was extremely refreshing. It was a rainy day and while that doesn't lower the 100+ degrees temps outside, there's just something about being in a coffee house when the weather looks dreary. They have free wi-fi which is a plus for most of the population and there's a variety of seating available inside and then some outside. The fact that they have plenty of outlets to charge your computer was a huge bonus that made me add this coffee shop to my list of work spots. So while it took me a little longer than I've hoped to find my way to Sola, now that I've visited, I plan on coming back over and over and over again...so get excited Sola!
5	Two words:Record Player
2	Another coffee bar... whoopie. These are a dime a dozen now in Phx... and nothing changes.  This place gets 2* only because they have some unique milk drinks like coconut (real milk - no flavoring), etc - otherwise it would get only 1*In all it is a concrete, bare, store front with no aesthetic appeal that serves coffee drinks and had little to no A/C running in the AZ summer heat... wow, so unique ;)
4	I am a HUGE FAN of this place!  All caffeine lovers have to try it at least once.  4 shots in every drink with no additional shot charges!  Located in the heart of Old Town, a.k.a. My Hood!  They also sell $12.50 gift cards for only $10.  You save $2.50 instantly.  Only cons - Be patient, drinks this great take a little more time to make.  Not open on Sundays.
4	My search for a non-chain coffee bar in Old Town Scottsdale may FINALLY be over!!  I don't know how many times I've passed Sola without going inside, but I'm glad I did this morning.I'm a residential real estate agent, and was going to meet clients of mine for coffee.  We all agreed Starbucks was out of the question, so I suggested we try Sola, since I had heard good things about it and haven't been very impressed by any of the other coffee bars in Old Town.  Sola did not disappoint!The interior is minimalist, but I appreciate that.  I don't really want my coffee bar to be loaded with kitch and merchandise for sale.  Sola had a little bit of art on the walls, comfortable places to sit (could be more, though), and good, quiet music playing on the record player - yes, record player!!  The coffee was incredibly tasty, but the time it took to be prepared was the ONLY MINOR reason for my review being reduced from 5 stars to 4.Sola is still new, though, so I'm going to assume the good people behind the bar will get their coffee prep times down quickly.  Just be patient, and your delicious coffee will be served with a smile.  Oh, and while you wait, have one of the pastries they serve (made by Scratch)!!!
4	ATMOSPHERE: Small quaint coffee shop with the industrial, modern feel. Large and small desks near outlets and couch seating available. Diverse crowd. Not too crowded on a Saturday morning. Many people with their laptops including me getting work done. COFFEE: I ordered a skim latte. Nothing spectacular or out of the ordinary and it was good. PARKING: At times can be sparse but you can usually find a free spot on the street with a 3h limit.PERKS: Free wireless!LOCATION: Located in the 5th Ave shops area of Olde Towne Scottsdale. SERVICE: Very good. No complaints here. CONCLUSION: Nice, open space with free wireless and on par coffee to go and study. I will be back!
5	Sola combines the quaint feel of a modern/urban coffee shop in the midst of downtown Scottsdale. Service is great. Internet access is free. Best of all, the coffee is incredible. I recommend this place to anybody who lives in the area or who is passing through, like me.
5	Good coffee in a great setting in Old Town Scottsdale. Eclectic music and very friendly workers.  Handprint Thanksgiving Signs and free cupcakes (Happy Birthday Sola!).  Plus spending time with my awesome daughter.  What could be better?
4	They brew cartel(Which is fantastic), great modern environment, great service.
5	Posh yet cozy interior, FANTASTIC espresso (and there are options!! get the finca alaska if they have it...citrus & blueberry undertones. wow.), giant biscotti:), knowledgeable & friendly baristas. A great coffeeshop. Wish it was in my neighborhood....
4	Smack in the middle of the most touristy place in Scottsdale, Sola has enough nerve to run this most un-touristy of coffee houses.  Next time you've had it with all the rental cars and out of staters on Scottsdale Rd., indulge yourself in some real entertainment by sitting outside Sola for a while.  Watch as They Who Have No Business Wearing Shorts But Do So Anyway casually work their way through the 5th Ave shops then suddenly spot Sola up ahead.  Stop dead in their tracks and crane their necks to get a better look just to be sure - Gasp!  That's not a Starbucks!  And no squash blossoms either!  And just look at the clientle - 60 degrees out and no shorts among them!  You can get rich betting your friends $5 for every tourist that crosses the road to steer clear of Sola.
5	LOVER of this place. seriously, such a great place. Drinks do take awhile but they are worth it. Awesome cappuccinos and the best reason ever to come here, COCONUT & ALMOND MILK. I try to avoid dairy at all costs (and soy) and besides Whole Foods & The Center Bistro no coffee places ever have coconut or almond options. They also have a delicious dark chocolate sauce, yum! The ambiance is unbeatable, so friendly- couches, newspapers, magazines, best place to spend an afternoon or evening. And on top of all of that, they are non profit! Definitely check this gem out :)
4	Great non-touristy coffee shop in the heart of Old Town. Free wifi & plenty of outlets make it perfect for working on weekdays. Solid cappuccino but not many pastry options. No set menu means I've paid a different price for the lime Italian soda each of the 3 times I ordered it. Not for those who like the options and structure of a Starbucks, but it makes me nostalgic for my college coffee hangout.
5	I spent a couple of hours in this place today. Ordered a Guatemalan coffee, my first ever, and it was great. The staff was extremely knowledgeable about their products and very helpful in making choices when I felt like trying something different.  They have free Wi-Fi and didn't care that I took up space on one of their small tables for two hours.  There was one guy with a laptop there longer than me. They have two long tables with floor electrical outlets for charging and a couple of outlets next to tables along the wall. They also have a nice, comfy couch and chair area where people can meet and talk... if you're not the classic introvert like me who would rather have her nose in a computer.  This place is clean, minimalist, and professional.  When I return to Scotsdale, this will be the place I stop for good, quality coffee and accommodating atmosphere.  I hope they keep up the good work!
5	I utilized Sola as a meet up spot with several friends over the past few months.  Obviously, I did this because I feel it is a place worthy of sharing with people I care about!  I'll be honest though...I haven't strayed further than their iced toddy.  If you love coffee, you'll love it.  if you don't love coffee, you'll love it too!  Cold brewing coffee like they do for the iced toddy takes away a lot of the acidity of normal coffee drinks.  Seriously, you have to try it.  I add a bit of milk and raw sugar...so refreshing.  (Which may not be what you're looking for on this blustery, freezing day...but just sayin!)They have free wi-fi and the place never seems to be too full, which is nice.  Kind of reminds me of coffee bars we used to hang out and "study" in in college.  Baristas are nice..sometimes just seem to be a little distracted but I don't really mind.  It is much better than Starbucks where I get an eye roll and a slammed lid if i ask for a little caramel on top.  Way more relaxed and cool here.  Support local coffee shops, PLEASE!  :)
4	I've spent several afternoons at Sola and I can say that it's been a positive and comfortable experience each time. Situated in a nice area, the staff is friendly and I am able to conduct a meeting or get my work done privately. The coffee (both hot and cold) is excellent. The peppermint mocha was like Christmas in my mouth. I can't wait to see what they offer in the spring and summer!
5	The staff is all very friendly and knowledgeable, every concoction I've tried has been beyond delicious, and the environment is always refreshing. I always get a kick out of the fact that the jams are spun off an actual record player, and if there's an album that catches your eye in the collection, they're always more than happy to put it on. All in all, an awesome establishment!
5	Incredible coffee. Roasted by the folks over at Cartel, it is a great place in the art district of Scottsdale, so we will usually go out there on date night and have a coffee and walk around. Staff is always fantastic. Chalkboard menu wall is nice. I don't work on that end of town, but if I did, I would hang there a lot more. Prices are good.
3	Since moving out West from Austin, TX...which is home to some damn fine coffee purveyors...I've been looking for the perfect combo of ambiance, yummy coffee, great staff (not overly cheerful, not overly angsty) and comfort.  Sola, doesn't meet all my specs, but comes on close.  The ambiance is great.  It's industrial in nature.  While it is located in a pretty touristy area, it still has the hole in the wall feel.  I'm not sure if they rotate their art installments.  I hope so because the current pieces are on par with my 9th grade notebook doodles.  Not sure what the kids behind the counter were spinning off the MacBook, but it was good...current, hip, indie, mellow, easy to Yelp to!I ordered a non fat latte which I thoroughly enjoyed.  It was better than the Bucks or the Bean.  The rest of the menu looked good.  If I had been to the gym this morning I may have tried something a little sweeter or one of the treats from under the glass domes on the counter.The guys behind the counter were great.  They were friendly and funny, but not over the top cheerful which can be annoying in the morning.  They are both really attentive to the customers and take care of business while having fun at the same time!  I can tell these guys enjoy their job and working with each other.  Ive been pretty amused listening to them talk about music.  If I were 17 again, I would probably want to work here with kids like these.  They have good attitudes that transcend the over all feel of the venue.  (it's funny that they have no idea I'm writing about them right now!)As for comfort....total bust!!!!  F-.  This place is all hard surface.  Forget sinking in with a good book or an hour of surfing the inter web.  There are two couches but they aren't comfy at all...probably worse than the upright chairs at the tables.  I've been more comfortable waiting for my car at Jiffy Lube.  Will I come back?  Yeah....probably.  I'll check out some other places first though.
4	We went here mid morning on Monday, they have an incredibly cute atmosphere with really interesting artwork and very friendly staff. I love the little hanging clouds and stars in particular! I asked for green tea and they had a selection which included a Rose Green Tea for Valentines Day so I tried it out, it was VERY fragrant and soothing, if you get in in February I'd definitely give it a try! The comfy couches with pillows and safes for end tables make this eclectic little shop worth a stop in to say the least.
4	Cool little spot in the heart of Oldtown. Good vibe. Only downside is it could be a tad more comfortable.  I'm a big fan of plopping down at a comfortable coffee shop, staying for a while and knocking out some work.  The seats here can make that a bit of a challenge.They do have a few seats outside and free WiFi.Good spot with a very friendly, helpful staff and excellent coffee and tea.
4	I've been here about three times now and I always get a delicious coffee.  Sometimes I pick out what I'd like to drink and once i let the barista decide for me... Thats how i came to try the agave latte which was pretty good! The coffee is reasonably priced and really really tasty. Its smooth and doesn't have the almost burnt flavor that starbucks does. I've also had biscotti from here, which is delicious, but comes from an outside baker.  My only complaint is that they are closed on Sundays, so i'm usually limited to Saturdays for my Sola experience.
3	I like good coffee, this place makes good coffee... tried the Americano and the cappuccino. However, if you're looking for something to eat (eg bagel, scone, biscotti, croissant, etc.) the pickens are very slim. Also, have to agree with other reviews, the place is not comfy. Hard back chairs, concrete floor, and industrial tables.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE.  Fantastic coffee shop with fantastic atmosphere.  The staff plays great music!  the best part about sola is the fact that the staff seem like they actually want to be there too.  I find at other coffee shops (places in general) that the employees are simply counting down the seconds till clock-out.  Here, the staff seems like they enjoy the coffee shop, its patrons and are proud of it. Just great. I am a huge fan of the Turkish brewing method they offer here.  They use cardamom as well and its absolutely fantastic.  I love trying new places as often as I can but I keep coming back to Sola because I crave their Turkish style coffee. I don't know why anyone would pick the Starbucks in Old Town when Sola is just a few blocks up!
4	LOCATION:  Located in the 5th Ave shops in Olde Towne Scottsdale. ATMOSPHERE: This place is a small quaint coffee shop with large and small tables.  There are small tables near power outlets for folks who want to bring in their laptops.  It seems to be a great place to study!  We were there on a Saturday morning and found that our timing was perfect.  The lunch crowd arrived shortly after we did.  However, it was still a comfortable and relaxing atmosphere.  The crowd is very diverse which I like!  COFFEE:  We had a chai latte and a banana nut mocha.  Additionally, we had a chocolate muffin which was quite good!  Both were very good and foamy!   PARKING:  We were fortunate to find a spot in front of Sola.  However, it looks like patrons most often need to park along the streets in Olde Town.  PERKS:  Options for brewing and free wireless internet!SERVICE:  You can tell that the business was designed by a true coffee connoisseur as we had four options for brewing.  The gentleman behind the counter was very friendly.   CONCLUSION:  Very nice and even romantic.  I can't wait to come back!  It's location near the mall area makes Sola a must visit!
4	Big fan. I drop by when i can.  Call me crazy but I like to actually taste the coffee.  As an avid coffee drinker and more of a purist i luv the turkish and drip style (makes me long for Blue Bottle).  Not much on atmosphere but quiet, cozy and a good place to get quality java drinks.  Barista 'DJ' knows how to make them right!
3	One of the few boutique coffee joints in the city.   Fantastic!
2	I've gone here twice now because of a Groupon. But I have to say, I'm not impressed. Both times the server wasn't very friendly and the drinks were expensive and not well made.
5	I can't believe it took me so long to give this place a try! Located in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale, Sola brews up delicious hot and iced coffee drinks that anyone would love. It's the perfect atmosphere to bring your laptop and work while listening to vinyl records that are constantly being rotated by the baristas. There are plenty of big and small tables to choose from, as well as two couches and some outdoor seating. The baristas are friendly and knowledgeable, there's free wi-fi, the prices are reasonable, and the decor is simple yet modern. I will definitely be back!
4	Cool atmosphere, tastey coffee and tea, friendly staff.Nice place to grab a cup , sit outside, and people watch before strolling the many shops.
5	This place is amazing. I go out of my way to get coffee here because they can make my lattes with coconut milk. LOVE. They also use Cartel coffee. Doesn't get much better than that!
5	very nice place, reasonably priced. would grab a cup of coffee here anytime.
2	Not Impressed. I was born and raised in Arizona, left about 10 years ago, and have recently returned. In the 10 years I have been gone, Scottsdale has gone through an explosion of commerce from big chain restaurants to little mom + pop shops and boutiques. I was eager to find some good coffee shops, so I hopped on Yelp and found this place ... boy was I disappointed. From the moment I walked into the shop and up to the counter I continually got the feeling that I wasn't welcome in the shop. I walked to the counter, and hung back a bet letting the customer behind me order, while I perused the chalk board menu (a nice touch). After deciding what I wanted to order, I stood in line and noticed the actual record player with a bunch of records representing the last few years indie/college hits (I also dug the record player putting out tunes). I stepped up to order and was not ever spoken too, I politely asked for my order, tipped a dollar, and was at least waiting for a smile or acknowledgement but received none. I then walked away from the counter assuming my order had been placed (I did receive change). I watched the female barista make my coffee, which she then simply placed on the service counter (again did not announce or gesture that it was my order). I had to assume it was mine because I was the only one waiting. I walked up the counter, asked if it was my order, to which the employee simply nodded her head. I had asked for my drink "to stay/for here" but I was given a coffee in a to-go cup, normally I wouldn't even notice this type of mistake however, as per above, I got the feeling I wasn't welcome. I then sat down to try and do some studying and the moment I sat down and opened a book, the barista began to give me icy glares. I put in some head-phones to listen to a few video lectures and about a minute after I put on the headphones, the barista walked from around the counter and turned up the volume of the speaker system to an abnormally loud level. I noticed that the other 2 customers in the shop were also taken aback by the absurdly loud level of music. At this point I got the hint that I wasn't welcome in the shop, packed up my stuff and left.I should note I was the only non-white person in the shop, I don't know if it has anything to do with the attitude I was given, but considering the deference I was treated with it is either an unfortunate coincidence or this place really is intolerant of others.2 stars because despite all the shenanigans my latte was actually pretty good and was 3 dollars, which I thought was acceptable for the quality. Will not return because for 3 dollars there are numerous other places to get an equivalently good drink without the attitude.
4	Sola is the first Coffee shop that I've found in Old Town Scottsdale that isn't a copy of a Starbucks. Their coffee is wonderful, the staff is pleasant, and their pastries are delicious. As a Real Estate Agent specializing in assisting Buyer's in Central Phoenix, Scottsdale, and Tempe I frequently meet clients here as it is more laid back than a Starbucks, has free WiFi, and is a great place to meet clients since it's so centrally located. Not to mention the great cup of Joe I get to share with my clients. If you're in the mood for something different try substituting milk with almond milk, it's delicious.
3	Lets start with the positives...Pros:-Not Starbucks-Great location in Old Town Scottsdale and surrounded by lots of fun shopping/browsing-Great atmosphere/interiorAnd thats about it. Now for the negatives.Cons:-The service was mediocre at best. When I have to greet the person helping me first, I internally come a little undone. -Yes there is a lot of seating, but it is overly awkward. I don't feel like cuddling with strangers on a couch while i'm trying to enjoy my coffee or stare deeply into some random persons eyes from a cross a long table where we are both trying to use our laptops.- The coffee wasn't anything to rave over and after mediocre/almost shitty service, the coffee better rock my pants off.In my experience, there is nothing about this place that would bring me back. A barista with zero customer service skills with an attitude that screams "because we are a trendy coffee shop in Scottsdale I don't need to go out of my way to be kind to you". Well, sir, yes you do.If you are in the area and need a place to grab a coffee and hang out with a friend by all means, give this place a go! Hopefully you have a better experience than I did.
4	I found myself hanging around the area in serious need of a good cup of coffee. I found Sola while walking around and loved that it wasn't overly-trendy or packed. Their lattes rock and they have a banana nut latte (always light on the syrup for me!) that warms my soul.It's currently run by a church (wha?) but the news has leaked that his little gem is soon to be a Cartel establishment. Woo!!! They already use Cartel coffee, so it just seems like a natural progression.There are so many cool things about Sola.1. They are using the old Food Bar coffee cups. A little feeling of nostalgia and the greenie in me just loves it.2. The environment is comfortable. Long community tables...long couches....books...simple = comfy. It hasn't been overly crowded when I've been there so the space worked for me.3. They make a darn good Latte.I've made my way back a few times since I discovered it and can't wait to hang out and make it my mobile office for the day!
