3	First Round Draft is of the type of bars i like to go to.  Not too flashy or trendy.  Just a simple sports bar with lots of regulars and horrible karaoke participants.  The food served here is decent.  if you want the best on the menu, I would have to recommend the sliders (remember... it's bar food).  Overall, the service is good (polite waitresses and bartenders).  I believe they even serve breakfast there now!  I would love to read a review on their breakfast.3 stars because it is REALLY nothing special, but its fun and close to my house.
1	The First Round Draft in Gilbert is AWFUL!!!! I ordered a Ruben..easy right?? NOPE, I asked for the bread slightly toasted and it came looking like someone put it through a shredder (I was told that is how it looks if you order it like that). It had a golf ball-sized amount of meat on it. The waitress never came to see how things were and I finally had to take it to the bar where I was an inconvenience to the bartender. It still took a few minutes for someone to come over and by that time I was finished. So the waitress sad "OK" and turned around and walked away. The rest of the staff thought it was amusing. In these times it is not a good idea to treat customers this way. There are MANY other places to go. DO NOT EAT HERE. When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad. Terrible service and worse food! The place was empty, I wonder why...
2	The best thing this bar has going for it is that it's stumbling distance from my house.  I've never seen it packed, and it's usually a somewhat depressing, lackluster "regular" crowd.   Nothing sets it out from any of the other bars, to the positive or the negative.  It could be any lame bar in any lame city.  The time I was there for karaoke, I do have to say the karaoke host was quite good natured, as my 2 incredibly drunk friends and I quickly learned, no, we in fact do NOT know all the words to "Gold Digger".  He was quite encouraging, as we more or less mumbled incoherently through the song, flung the mics at him, and ran back to hide our shame in our beers.  (Hmmm, Chris T, were you there that night?)I actually keep forgetting it's there, it's sort of hidden in the parking lot of a non-exciting shopping center.  However, if you do go in, give Jamie, the bartender props - she's fun, and probably part of the reason that regulars keep going back.Overall, I'll probably go again in the future, but I would love to see them do something to liven the place up.
3	This place is pretty fun, especially if you enjoy your drinking with karaoke!  The bar has a great turn-out seemingly every weekend, and there are always plenty of participants with talent doing karaoke.  The service is friendly although somewhat slow due to the large crowds.  There are great photos hanging up on the walls, especially in the back room area.  The appetizers are all pretty tasty, and the drink prices are great!  Love coming here for birthday bashes!
3	Pretty much the most average bar you've ever been to in Gilbert. Service is as expected, and the karaoke activities appeared to be non-stop. Nothing in particular is bad, it's just a typical sports bar. Would be great if they had more variety beyond the scope of karaoke. Prices are somewhat expensive considering the size of the establishment, but you won't be broke afterward. But I imagine it's not the fault of the owners that their lease is pricey (they are after all, in Gilbert). Take a friend or few, because there isn't too many people to converse with. Some patrons are obviously regulars, but others are not.
1	Went for a free poker tournament and was quite disappointed (and disgusted?) in the place.  I literally STUCK to the floor.  It was gross.  Their carpet is nasty.  The bathroom wasn't much better.  I mean, don't get me wrong, I don't expect a lot from a sports bars, but I also don't expect to stick to the floor!  The waitress I had was great, and the drinks were cheap and strong - but not enough so to bring me back in the future. 2 thumbs down.
5	Great neighborhood sports bar, great nightlife, food and vibe.
4	Your typical local bar.  They do karaoke around 4 nights a week and i've seen two different guys manning it.  One is more interactive with the crowd but they are both good guys who let the crowd have their fun.  They also do poker a few nights and have a small area set up for corn hole so they are at least trying to create some things to do for their customers.  Didn't venture back there but I think there is a pool table settled in the back somewhere. The first time we went the waitress was slow but polite.  Every other time the service has been great and the bar staff is great too.  Decent selection of draft beer and good pours on mixed drinks. They do a $2 beer of the month so that can keep you cheap. Their food was good for your typical bar food, buffalo wings, mozzarella sticks, etc.  Didn't venture into the main dish selection and probably never will.  This is the perfect place if you just want to have a couple of beers and not have to deal with a rowdy crowd or sit there bored, a good in between.  The only down side is they have one regular there who is as obnoxious as they come.  I won't get into detail but if you're there around 10pm or so you'll probably figure it out.  I've been there a few times and never seen even a near fight and the crowd is typically pretty friendly and talking with one another.  Don't go there expecting the perfect Pastrami sandwich... expect a cold beer and decent time and you'll be fine.
3	Good bar to hang out in if you don't mind so-so food. Burgers are good, the rest of the menu is OK. Typical bar food. Beer prices are fair and service is pretty good. They do publish coupons that come in the mail occasionally (look in the "Clipper" or similar magazine-style coupon sections). But be sure to read the fine print because sometimes it's only valid on certain days or at certain times.
2	FRD is pretty much an average bar without much to distunguish it aside from being stumbling distance from home.  They have poker a couple times a week as well as karaoke along with a band evey once in a while.  They've an ok to fair selection of beer (no Guinness shockingly enough) and liquor.  The food is tolerable for bar food, but I have had much better at other bars.Service happens to depend who's on duty.  Some of their bartenders have been awesome while others...well, not so much.Overall, if you're looking for a place to toss back a few, play some poker or sing some karaoke in an okay but not necessarily stunning place and you're close by, check it out.  Not a place I'd suggest if you've got to cross town for or want a higher end / glitzy establishment though.
1	HORRIBLE!!!!  Went there to watch the Rose Bowl.  Walking into this place I did not have high expectations at first glance.  Seemed like a typical hole in the wall cheap sports bar.  They have a lot of TVs ... if you dont mind poor quality.  They have a relatively big menu for a sports bar ... again, if you don't mind poor quality.  The food was very bland and boring, even for a sports bar.  The waitress' attire is acceptable for a girl twenty years younger and in much better shape ... I was actually a bit disgusted by her appearance.  Belly shirts should not be worn if you have a belly that hangs out!!!!  And the clientele ... WHITE TRASH!!!  I couldnt watch the fourth quarter of the game because a couple of regulars got into a fist fight, flipped a couple tables, injured a waitress, and ended my visit with the police and paramedics showing up.  I do not recommend this bar and will definitely not be going back myself.
3	This is a pretty typical bar that offers the standard happy hour specials as well as mediocre bar food. I usually play pool every time I visit if the tables aren't jammed packed. It seems like every time I'm there its a karaoke night (go figure) although on some occasions its poker night. The one incredible deal that this bar offers is 10 cent beers all day long on your birthday. I've had the opportunity to use this amazing deal just once, but I'm seriously considering doing it again. Lets just say it was an amazing birthday experience and I spent more on tips than beer that night. Lol.
2	Went for dinner and food was not good.
2	Its pretty difficult to find a terrible bar trivia place- lets face it, its just beer and pop culture questions. So, to First Round Draft's defense, their Tuesday night trivia is not bad at all.The bar is really spacious and has a pretty good crowd on Tuesdays.... but that's kinda where the good news end. The deal with FRD is the very very sub-par bar food, even for bar food. My Cajun Chicken salad was a bowl of lettuce with 2 giant pieces of tomatoes, 2 thick-ass pieces of cucumber, a boiled egg and dry chicken. Hardly containing any taste and very reminiscent of airplane salad.. in coach (I have no idea what First Class has to offer :( ).To my horror, the giant soft pretzel that my peers ordered came with a side of melted cheese dipping sauce- CHEESE WIZ. No, it didn't "taste like" cheese wiz, it literally WAS cheese wiz. The brownie dessert did have a fuggy and warm brownie (which I appreciated) but the vanilla was hard as ice and the fudge was Hershey's brand, not even pretend home made.The service was mediocre as we had to hunt down the server pretty often. The bathrooms were pretty horrifying for such a large location- it wasn't kept very clean or fresh-smelling. No, air spray fresheners don't count as 'fresh'.If trivia here wasn't so damn easy, I would probably never come back. Will definitely stop ordering food here though.
4	NEW!  Live music on thursday and friday. No cover. Country on thursday, rock on saturday
3	Just Like Cheers!small relaxed freindly place, a spacious dive bar, "where everybody knowwws your name!"I feel that this place is getting rated outside of its scope, its a dive bar, yes they expanded, but its still a bar, not a bar-n-grill. During the daylight hours kids are allowed in but lets face it, youre at a bar where ppl go to drink. So on football sundays for example, you can take the kids, but be prepared for the "BAR" atmosphere where drunken behavior is expected, not a bar/grill family drinking type of environment. Its not like any of your franchise bars or bar/grils like applebees, its not BWW, its not Zips, its the neighborhood dive bar. Now the food is average and you could definately find better food at a handful of different places, BUT the sliders are the BOMB, do try those.They could use some more variety on tap, but atleast they got the essentials down. But they do provide great entertainment destress the mind from whatever landed you there to begin with: cover band, dancing, karaoke, pool, darts, that sand puck game, arcade games, E-trivia and poker.  **So remember its a divebar, expect frienly social drunkeness in a no frills-who cares if you spill,  low-light atmosphere, where the focus is beer and spirits!** "A dive bar is a type of bar or pub. Dive bars generally have a relaxed and informal atmosphere--they are often referred to by local residents as "neighborhood bars," where people in the neighborhood gather to drink and socialize.''In 2010, Playboy magazine described a dive bar as:"A church for down-and-outers and those who romanticize them, a rare place where high and low rub elbows -- bums and poets, thieves and slumming celebrities. It's a place that wears its history proudly."[4]
1	The first round that we ordered was Kilt Lifter. You could tell the moment she set down the beers they weren't carbonated. Few sips later that was confirmed. Although the waitress claimed she wouldn't know because she didn't drink draft beer she didn't charge us for the round and brought the next round: Fat Tire. No carbonation again, and had a faint but distinct soapy aftertaste. For some reason she thought I was weird for not drinking that.Well onto the non draft beers next!The Corona was bubbly and the lime was covered in bubbly goodness! This was fantastic. I had 3. My friend went through 3 non draft beers and ended with a Pabst Blue Ribbon. After noticing the date on the bottom of the can we took to our smart phones like the pro bar detectives we are! If our initial research is correct and the date on the bottom of the can is not a "Born On" date they just served a beer that was 2 months past expiration.We also ordered meals. These were good for bar food! The chicken strips with buffalo sauce were hot, yummy, and crisp. My friends quesadilla looked good and he didn't complain.It would have been nice if she would have gotten our food order in while it was still happy hour. A lot of waitresses will let you know and try to do that for you.2/10 would not drink.I don't understand how a place Famous Sams on Lindsey and Baseline, great food, great location, and great bartenders shuts down and this place could still be in business.
1	Since my last review, I have been to FRD about 20 times (awkwardly became a regular Trivia player) and they 'revamped' their menu. I can't write a more honest review at this point. Out of all the things I have learned (and will highlight soon), the saddest one is that I don't think management ever hears our comments, the server's comments or even our Yelp reviews. I mean, come on- Not a single 4-5 star review on Yelp? Staff, I hope you're listening, cause i'm talking.FRD Menu 'upgrades':-   They took out the Grande Burger (double patty), which we ordered. They now have an "ultimate burger" which is the EXACT same as the regular cheeseburger, but you pay $1 for an extra slice of a difference cheese ("of your choice!").-   They took out the veggie platter out of their appetizers, so now the only way to get veggies is to order them tempura battered and deep fried. Yuk- They took out the soup/salad combo for $5.43 (tax inc) but the side salad has the same price so now if you want the combo, you have to pay $3 more. Side note: they have never served me hot soup (I ask them to reheat every single time, even with the soggy tortillas in them). They charge you 25c for extra dressing.- They added chicken sliders. The chicken is the same from the chicken fingers (which is 60% breading, 40% "chicken"). The bread in the sliders has sometimes been tasty and other times stale.All in all, everything in their menu is overpriced by approximately $2. Their HOT DOG, at $8.50 is overpriced by ~$6 as, lets face it people, its a hot dog (its not even $8 at a freaking stadium). On the only positives I can think of are their balsamic salad dressing (claimed house made) and their sweet potato fries (but they need a tasty dipping sauce other than Ranch). I really really hope they realize that the only reason why they have customers is because of Trivia Night. Trust me FRD, we're not there for your food.
3	I went Friday night. It was packed. I'm not sure what the attraction is except you want to be in a crowd? Nothing special but the excellent onion rings.
1	Yuck. Wife and I have been to this place a handful of times over the 19 years we lived nearby. We certainly know it is a dive bar and were in the mood for one drink.....at a dive bar.When we sat down, I said to the wife that it looks like they have not spent one dollar on upgrading or cleaning since we first came in 19 years later. So we ask the bartender lady about the happy hour (Sat night) specials and they are pretty reasonable. I get a a well vodka tonic and the wife a big draft.Drinks served. As soon as I took my first sip, I was hit with the grossest odor from my drink imaginable. The only way to describe it is if you have worked under your sink and removed the p-trap. That was the smell. I asked my wife to check it out and she almost threw up. Trust me, we are not wimps or over reaching yuppies. I called the bartender lady over and told her my drink smells really bad and will take a beer. I also asked her if she would at least smell it as well so she could maybe figure out which of the 3 ingredients might be causing the smell....ice, vodka or tonic water. She said, no I do not need to and dumped the drink out. WTF....you would think she may want to find out the source of the issue. I did not make a big deal of the situation when I spoke to her and kept it friendly but was surprised that she did not care at all. I feel sorry for the next person who ordered the same drink. Had the girl checked out the drink and cared at all as to what may be causing the odor, I would not have written this. Lastly, our seats at the bar had a great view of the sinks and equipment behind the counters and to be quite frank, I cannot believe this place can pass a food inspection. Word to the owner(s)...read these reviews and use it as a lesson on success going forward. It is for your own good.
3	It is what it is a local sports bar. Don't expect much more than that. Hot wings are pretty good. Beer could be a little colder, one of the bartenders is pretty slow. But if you are looking for a place with decent wings to watch the game it works. Ten cent drafts on your birthday is a win though.
4	Great place to go and relax or party hard depending on the day of the week you go! Pool tables, dart boards, air hockey, and game room 7 days a week and karaoke and poker on Wednesday and Saturday! Theres also Trivia Tuesdays and much more! One of the greatest little hole in the wall bars I've been to in a long while!
1	I love a good dive bar but this place is disgusting! I was with a group of 7 looking for a bite to eat on a Saturday evening before making the long drive to Glendale for a pre-season Cards game. We walked in and the place was dead...nobody was in the dining area and a few people were sitting around the bar drinking. Inside it was dark, dingy and felt dirty. While waiting for service, I noticed a small stage and a few games to play but nobody was even around this area. We waited a solid 10 minutes and were never greeted nor did anyone come to take our drink/food order. Since we were in a hurry, we decided to leave. One of the people in my party yelled as we were walking out "You just lost about $300 in business by not even acknowledging us!". True fact. I won't be back.
4	Food was good, server was also good. Beer could be a lot colder though, I suggested to have it turned down a little colder for next time and was looked at like I asked for the moon. I like my beer at 36 or colder, this was 45. This was my second time here and I will try once more for cold beer and then I quit.
1	There was a time I would have said that this was the best sports bar in the area, but that time is long gone.  The bar started to deteriorate after they lost one of their great cooks and a couple of girls who were great servers (after they graduated and went on to better things) and have not ever gotten back to that previous great level.  We use to go their at least one or two times a week but slowly lost interest in the place.  Went back a week ago to see if it had improved and I think it's gotten worse.  Food was close to bad, service was terrible. Find a better place to spend your money.  Still remember the good old days so I'll probably try again in 6 months or so in hopes that the owners find that magic again. Hope they do.
