4	Great place for breakfast.  Waffles are wonderful (ask for well-done!) and fantastic Chicken Fried Steak.  Everything is fresh as can be - and the quality of their meats is fantastic.  Anything you order with beef will be really, really good.  Fruit & pancake combos are a specialty - fruit baked into the pancakes and topped with fresh fruit or compote.Mexican items on the breakfast menu are great as well - flavorful and just the right amount of spice.Prices are a little more than you'd expect for a diner, but this ain't Denny's and it shows.  Very good value for your dining dollar.The staff can be hit or miss - service is always prompt, just not as friendly as you would hope.  Mostly that comes from them being very busy though.There can be a little bit of a wait on weekend mornings, but nothing too crazy.What Blueberry Hill is great for is the late-night dining.  The whole menu is available 24 hours, and there's nothing like a grilled cheese sandwich or a waffle when you're coming home at 2:00am from a night on the town.We take all our out-of-town guests to Blueberry Hill the last morning they're with us in Vegas, once they're sick of the Strip and want some real good food at good prices.
5	This place is great!  The prices may be a little more than what you want to spend for breakfast, but the food is quality!  They make almost everything from scratch and they are in huge portions!  I am always very impressed each time I go.  Tip:  Even though the wait looks long, it never is more than 15 min.  The trick used to be that you could say that you wanted to sit in smoking and you would get automatically seated, but unfortunately that doesn't work anymore with the new law.
2	Not a huge fan, yet...I had the French Toast w/ eggs & sausage.  it was good, but ruined by the artifical syrup.  I'll bring my own next time I guess.  My sausage was cold too.The fries that my husband had with his Montecristo were rockin' though.  I'll go back for those babies drowned in gravy & melted swiss cheese for sure...The service was ok, although she seemed to ignore my husband & only talk to me.  It's the kind of place where they call you 'hon & sweetie.  It was just what I was looking for---a piece of back east.I hope to be more impresses next time.Note to self: must try the waffles.
3	Breakfast here is ok. Of course, you have to order the pancakes (blueberry!). My sister ordered the blueberry pancakes, which had whipped cream and blueberry preserves/canned blueberry filling on top. I ordered a spinach and cheddar omelette, which was satisfactory. In all honesty, I believe that this food tastes just like the stuff you make at home. The buttermilk pancakes were pretty good, since they were soft and warm. I may consider eating here again, but I would prefer eating somewhere like Pancake House or Hash House A Go Go!
5	Excellent service, food isn't always the best (but if you go on night/grave shift it's MUCH better), and our server Mary is one of the most wonderful people we've ever had the chance of meeting in the service industry.This is our hangout every few weeks for late night breakfast with our friends, and we're never disappointed.The worst thing is that they took out the 80's music and put some really boring crap in. XD
4	I've been going here since I was a kid, and it hasn't changed! The buttermilk pancakes really hit the spot and are much better than the other breakfast chains (Denny's), and the french toast is to die for. With the variety of syrups to top your pancakes, waffles, etc, there's something for everyone. The service is always excellent, and the best time to go when it's not packed (late night).
4	pancakes are awesome.  an all around good diner type place w/ good breakfast food...
4	This place was our breakfast home away from home while we were visiting our friends out in Vegas. They took us here one morning and we proceeded to keep coming back again and again and again until we were out of mornings on our trip, and I have not had one thing on that menu that was not very tasty. They omelets are enormous and very delicious! I recommend the tiger omelet but they were all fabulous. The blueberry pancakes were delicious and their tuna melt was also awesome. I was not able to finish anything that I ordered, they give you that much food. You could no kidding feed 2 people with one order of breakfast here, or in our case, one person to the brim and then send them out to Red Rock Canyon to play around in the national park all day.My friends were trying to convince my guy and I to move out there, and I will say that this place was one thing that made the idea sound a little more attractive, hehe.So why not 5 stars? I think that the huge portions could stand a reduction to be brought down to human size and that way the prices could be lowered by a dollar or two. And while the ventilation seemed good, I am having issues with giving 5 stars to any place where the people in the booth next to me can be smoking.
5	let me start off by saying... I LOVE THIS PLACE!Whether its a lazy sunday morning, and my sweety and I want breakfast, or late night after a movie and we're craving some delicious comfort food, this place is always consistently awesome!Service is fantastic, and the coffee is always fresh and  tasty. The multi grain pancakes with walnuts are amazing, as well as the strawberry waffles, blueberry pancakes, and tons more... In fact, I'm craving it right now!
5	Let me start off by saying that I have never been to this place sober. That said, it is quite possibly the most fantastic restaurant I have ever been to in the Las Vegas area at 3am. Service was great, in spite of our group being a little obnoxious.The food was good anf filling enough to combat an impending hang over!
4	the only thing worth getting here is the blueberry pancakes. They have an amazing blueberry compote on top with whipped cream, and it is delicious!. Everything else on the menu is ok, but the blueberry pancakes are the best. I've only been here for breakfast, so I can't really say about lunch or dinner.
5	Blueberry Pancakes, Biscuits and gravy, and the first chicken fried steak I have ever liked!! When I walked in I thought...hmmm, all the reviews must have been written at 3 am by the after bar crowd. It reminded me of Dennys in a bad way when I wasn't expecting it. To my surprise, the only thing Dennys like was the atmosphere. Extremely happy my friend told me about it!!
1	I had a late night meal with a group of my business associates at the Green Valley location. I was going to give this place at least two or three stars for the food and service, but I am giving it only one because I will let you know there was not just one, but TWO cockroaches inside the restaurant! :-(Mind you, I'm glad I didn't find that out while we were eating, but it bothered me enough that I had to write a review about this. I've eaten at Blueberry Hill twice before (over at the location on Flamingo near the Strip), and I had a positive experience both times. It may be this particular location had the bug problem, but still, it was pretty nasty knowing that once I had finished eating. My friend in our party told me another person who was with us brought it up to the waitress who served us and she just shrugged her shoulders and said, "Oh, that came from outside," plus there was a gentleman who noticed another one behind the potted plant that was near the entrance. Now, I don't care if it came from outside or not, they should be diligent enough to control that problem. After all, this is an eating establishment and they should observe health codes to the strictest extent.Now, onto the food. I had a grilled cheese and bacon sandwich with a cup of chili and vanilla ice cream for dessert. The food did not wow me at all. It was very average, on par with Denny's, which isn't saying much. Even though I had a great time because I was with a fun group of people, this restaurant is somewhere I would NEVER go to again. If I was going to go back to Blueberry Hill, it would be at another location, or I would go to my preferred breakfast spot, which would be IHOP.
4	My experience at this restaurant was great!  It took me a long time to decide what to get.  There was soooo much to choose from.  It sure beats my other fave place (IHOP) for late-night-after-clubbing-and-eating.  I ordered the crepes w/ apples and the works- eggs and bacon.  Yummola!...so delicouso!.   At first I was curious on how the gravy tasted on the biscuits and gravy.  I asked the waitress if I can get a sample and to my surprise she brought me out a lil container w/ gravy.  Yummy, too!  Now I really could not decide what to eat.  But I settled on the crepes.   Good decision.....I told myself. ....perfect taste--not too sweet!   The waitress was really nice and patient.  there was quite afew of us and of course some did not know what to order but the waitress was really nice about it and gave everybody plenty of time to decide.  For those that already knew what to order...she started our orders right away.  The waitress constantly checked on us to see if everything was ok and if we needed anything.  The coffe was refilled w/out having to ask for it.  It was a good experience at BLUEBERRY HILL that morning and what a way to start the day.
4	Always a good experience, and they have a great selection of healthy choices for those coming from the gym.
3	The ambiance was like Denny's, which has been commented on here before. The food was mediocre, the service was mediocre. I've had better in other cities, but I am still looking for my favorite breakfast place in the Valley.There was nothing WRONG with the meal, but it was very forgetful.
4	Breakfast burrito was really good. Freshly made salsa and they substituted hashbrowns for the rice & beans, well done. Wifey had one of the omelette specials and enjoyed it. Our waitress was friendly and on her game.You're not going here for the ambiance or anything fancy. It's a good lil' diner that fills a niche we were looking for on that particular day, good ol' American breakfast or a breakfast burrito in my case :)
5	My wife and I were there on July 31, 2010. They have the best breakfast! The food is fresh and served all day by friendly staff too. Depending on when you go, the wait can be long so be prepared.
4	This is my 2nd trip to Blueberry Hill (1st visit to this location). Iwas originally going to Egg Works on sunset but I left my 2fer @ home so we chose this place. My bf ordered the Hash Omelet which came with pancakes or fruit and toast. he went with the pancakes whch he said he'd order again but wouldnt order the omelet again b/c it was just too many onions - that coming from an onion lover. I ordered the egg white spinach omelet with OATMEAL pancakes... YEP i was intrigued and rightly so. These were delicious. There was so much food leftover I had breakfast for the next day. Gotta say I missed the yolk of an egg but not to worry the nxt am I heated up 2 fresh and full eggs yolk and all and ate my oatmeal pancakes cold and bare b/c they were that good without syrup. Id def. come back to this place. They advertised a few dinner options they have that include a full meal and draft or mixed drink for $9.99. Not bad. they also had a few dinner options @ 7.99 that included dessert. Sounded very fair priced for so much food and you have dinner for 2 nights.  If you have managed to live in Vegas this long and not tried this place, give it a shot.
4	My fam was craving Blueberry pancakes on christmas morning, and this restaurant came out on yelp as Open!  Their prices are fair for the amount of food they serve. Service was excellent and attentive. My Sis ordered the wild west omelette and was able to share it with my mom and were both fully satisfied at the end, They serve big portions. All around, I highly recommend IT if youre an IHOP fan.
4	Love the pancakes
5	Came to Las Vegas from the San Francisco Bay Area for Superbowl weekend. On our first full day we did a search for good breakfasts in the area. We found Blueberry Hill restaurant on the internet and even though it was 10-15 minutes from our hotel on the strip, we decided what the heck....let's go check it out. Wow... we found the best breakfast ever! After breakfast our waitress, Maria,  said that we should come back the next day to try the pancakes.  So the next day we decided to go back.  I ordered the pancakes and you know what.... they were THE BEST pancakes I have EVER had.  Truly the best... I have had in my 49 years. Wow!!And not only was the food great... the people were great. Maria, Bertha, Rose... Matter of fact....we ended up going on Superbowl Sunday and watched the football game in the lounge. It was like watching the game with friends.I can't recommend this place enough and Yes... I will visit this place every time I go to Vegas.
4	Forget Denny's and IHOP! go here to here for amazing breakfast choices! The strawberry pancakes are AMAZING. They bake some in into the batter. The chorizzo omelet is bomb! Oh yeah, did I mention, this place is the place to be at to sober up after a night of debauchery? I highly recommend this place; it's a hidden gem in Vegas.
4	Took the family here for breakfast on 5/4/11 on a wednesday.  We walked in and it was like a Denny's.  The place wasnt as packed at first but when we were finished with our meal people started strolling in.  I had to go here because of the blueberry pancakes which i am a big fan of blueberries, anitoxidants.  The prices are pretty reasonable around $7-$10 a meal but they give a huge portion of it so its worth it for the price.  I got the blueberry pancakes, of couse, and when it came out there was this mountain of cakes, blueberry sauce and whip cream.  It was devine and bursting with flavor.  The best part of it was the blueberry sauce was fresh not this mushy stuff that taste like it came from the can.  It was hella bomb!  My lady had the french toast and it was just ordinary but it was still bursting with flavor and the amount they gave was ginormous.  The mother in law had the apple pancakes and it came with a lot of real apples and what looked like caramel sauce, and it was huge!  My girls had the regular bacon and eggs with pancakes and it was just the ordinary that you would make at home but my girls are healthy eaters so they dont know the difference they just gobbled it down.     The service was nice kind of like lil old southern ladies that were very polite and attentive not only to our table but to everyone else that were in there.  The coffee was flowing non stop and the smiles were real and comforting.  As the name says it all this is the place to go for some good bluberry pancakes.  I threw down the whole plate in my tummy and all those carbs gave me the energy to last all the way till dinner.  Although it may be a chain of restaurants the service feels homey  and the lil old ladies feel like your aunties, unlike Dennys and IHOP.  They do give huge portions but the food is tasty and very satisfying so hit up Blueberry Hill for a filling breakfast that'll keep you running till you hit up the buffets for dinner.  Chooooooooooooooow Doooooooooooooown!
1	This used to be one of my favorite places to come, but, not no more! They raised there prices, and the service went down hill. Here is the other thing you have to watch out for, when you put your name down on the list, people will walk in and just sit down at seats that are available. The tall Spanish guy there who sits you down is a jackass and is rude, my wife saved him from being punch in the face. Just a warning to you guys.. Thanks
1	Blueberry hill in green valley used to be my favorite breakfast spot. I ate breakfast there every Saturday and Sunday for about 8 years straight. The help was impeccable. Maria and the other servers were fantastic and amy and Craig at the bar were the greatest. Steve was the previous owner and was great and ran a great establishment. The prices have since gone up very high and the quality has tanked terribly with new ownership. I feel great for all the great staff they have because all of the regulars have stopped coming. This place is a dump now and is terrible. Used to be the best in town and is a tragedy. The new owners are terrible and business will suffer because of this.
5	Hands down best pancakes!!
2	Came here for lunch & there were not many people so we had a hope of getting in and out quick since we had our little one with us. We were wrong. Our server was so slow. It was becoming a joke with us on if she forgot about us or not. The food was ok when it finally arrived but nothing amazing. They really need to hire a server who is not 70 years old. Im just sayin..
2	Very, very disappointed.After reading all the reviews of "BEST PANCAKES EVER!", I suddenly had a hankering for some breakfast dishes.  I stopped by the Blueberry on the corner and sat down at the bar (there was a long wait for tables).  The prices were expensive ($8 for 5 pancakes or $6 for a "short" stack of 3), so I elected to get a combo plate that came with 2 pancakes on the side.  When my order came, the pancakes were missing...apparently the bartender got my order wrong.  So I ate the rest of my breakfast while the pancakes were still being prepared.  The eggs and toast were nothing special; honestly, I've had better at Denny's.  When the pancakes finally came, I was half full and not really craving them all that much anymore.  They certainly were large and thick (I think one would have been filling enough), but I think it was slightly underdone because the pancake kept breaking and folding into itself.  Also, I really hate thick pancakes because no matter how much syrup you pour on them, they're always very dry and don't go down easily.  I had to drink two glasses of OJ in order to swallow it down (and the gallon of syrup I poured on them gave me a bad stomachache later).  Later I realized that refills were not free and so I was charged for two servings.  For those of you keeping count, that's $6 for two glasses of orange juice.F*ck you, Blueberry Hill.(EDIT: Um...the hash browns were good, I guess?)
3	Like it
1	I decided to give this place another shot.  I ordered the Chef's Special and asked if they could substitute the meat with hash browns.  They said no substitutions.  So I got up and left.
4	Came here when visiting Vegas this weekend. Can't go wrong w/ anything on the menu.. Definitely gets your money's worth for quality and quantity.Breakfast cocktail - Malibu & pineappplefood: french toast, ham steak & over easy eggs.. delicious!!!There's another one on the strip. Definitely check it out!They need to branch out into CaLi asap....I guess the closest place off the top of my head would be in the same spectrum is buttercup grill and bar.. but their food is mediocre.
3	Blueberry Hill is a diner that has warped back into time. The pink walls, purple chairs, cardboard menus, the humongous sized cakes, and the vibe just says it all. I've been going to this for years and finally i need to write a review. The food is excellent. I swear there is over 100 items you can choose from: breakfast, burgers, mexican, italian, american dinner favorites, the possibility is endless! My bf and I made a stop at night because we didnt feel like going inside the casinos or fast food joints to eat. I ordered the mexican breakfast burrito which was served with a side of spanish rice, lettuce, guac and sour cream. The burrito itself was decent, stuffed with fluffy eggs and peppers. My bf ordered the 9.99 dinner special which included steak, salad, veggies, eggs, and dessert! WOW you really cant bargain for anything less. You might be overwhelmed with the 3 or 4 separate menus they have, BUT it is something that you can look through to kill some time cause the customer service and wait time can be a bit long. Thats the only reason why I give this place 3 stars is because of the wait and poor customer service. The food on the otherhand is 4 stars :)
5	This place just has the best pancakes in the world. And they're monster sized so two or three is enough for most people. Throw in a couple eggs, some bacon, ham or sausage, with a glass of ice cold milk and you have a meal that legends are made from. The french toast absolutely incredible too, if you're not into pancakes.
3	The restaurant is in a nice little suburb along the McCarran Airport flight-path, but whilst in the restaurant, you don't hear a peep from the jet engines as they come in for landing.Upon entering, we found the restaurant to be clean and spacious, but a bit generic and uninspiring as far as decor and ambiance.  It would have been nice to see a bit more of a "vintage diner" style going on, but, it's a diner after all, so I digress. We were promptly seated by a nice gal.  The server came over, and she was prompt to get our drink order.  The biggest issues right off the bat was that she had such a Southern North American accent, that was exceedingly difficult to understand, and if one weren't from the Southwestern US, it would be nigh impossible.  The same could be said for the nice man that refilled our drinks...Just barely a hint of English in there.The food seemed to take quite some time, and my wife ordered a dish that came with soup and a bread basket.  We asked the server if the soup and bread basket would be coming before the meal as-is normal for most restaurants, and she said "I put the bread on table when meal come."  We said "can we at least get the soup then?"  She promptly went and had the soup microwaved, as we heard the tell-tale door shut and the *beep *beep as the timer was set.  Not two minutes later, we had a hot, steamy cup of what turned out to be absolutely fantastic split pea soup.  This soup was just right on in every way, microwaved or not.  Perfectly seasoned, lots of large chunks of ham, perfect texture and just delightful on a cool evening.  Loved every drop of it.  Ironically, the bread came along with the soup, and it too, was fantastic.  There was a massive piece of cornbread, that had whole corn kernels, a wonderful sweetness, and was really superb in every way.Our food was soon to follow.  Now, we ordered the pigs-in-a-blanket for my 10 year old son, and it came with four MASSIVE pancakes rolled around sausage links.  It was enough food for four men, truly.  And I ordered a Four Threes, which has three each of pancakes, bacon, sausage and eggs, plus I ordered a side of hashbrowns.  Long story short, it was a MASSIVE meal, and I could have easily shared it with two other people.  The food was all hot and fresh, the pancakes are easily the best I've ever had (and I'm a pancake snob), everything was cooked to order perfectly, and the hasbrowns are mind-blowing.My wife ordered a dinner, which was a "grub steak."  The meat was good, with fresh cheddar melted over bacon and mushrooms to top the beef.  The mashed left quite a bit to be desired.  They were obviously not homemade, and the gravy had a very "freezer-burn" type taste going on.  It came with some pathetic looking corn on the side, so overall it was very "so-so" as far as the other dinners we had, and wouldn't likely order it again.Overall, I'd say if you want to eat here, go for breakfast, it's superb any time of day, and it's hard not to make eggs and pancakes fresh, so you will know that what you're getting is made to order, not frozen then thawed.  And whatever you do, have as much of the split-pea soup as you can, it's divine.The wait staff are mediocre and spoke very poor english, the lemonade tastes terrible, but overall the food helped to even out the experience.  We'll definitely be coming back, as I can live with a few little idiosyncrasies in order to get amazing breakfast food any time of day.
4	If you are a denizen of Henderson, this is the perfect spot to come to after a long night out.  My friends and I retreated to this eatery after a night of performing and talking all night in a bar/casino.  The food was ample, affordable and yummy.  The staff are sweet and responsive, but not overly in your face.  The menu is fairly straight forward (this is chain after all) and there's decent parking out front.
4	The menu is extensive, from Oreo pancakes to traditional Mexican breakfasts this place has everything! And that's just the breakfast menu, they also have a huge selection for lunch, dinner and dessert!I had the traditional eggs benedict, which was pretty good, with thick slices of Canadian bacon, your typical holindase sauce and a little over poached eggs for my taste. The blueberry pancakes were some of the best I've ever had.  The portions are pretty big and prices fair. The wait for the food was kind of long but I guess it's normal for good quality food.Blueberry Hill is absolutely way better than any traditional American restaurants we have in Seattle. Yet another excuse to get back to Vegas :)
4	I'm updating my review once and for all.  I had previously given this location low scores due to poor service and low quality food choices.  This time I finally gave it a fighting chance and actually ventured beyond the breakfast selection (which all look so good in the pictures) and explored through the rest of the menu.  So many choices!  I had unfairly judged it before on my bad breakfast experiences, but to be honest, the food here is quite good.I went in on a Tuesday and tried their pot roast dinner special, which includes a drink and dessert for only $8.99.  What a deal!  The roast itself reminded me of my mom's recipe (which is a GOOD thing) and it comes with a bread basket full of warm dinner rolls and cornbread, which was excellent.  In addition, there are other good-looking choices offered throughout the week; Tuesdays also include the BBQ chicken with Sweet Baby Rays sauce; Wednesdays offer roast beef; and Thursdays feature the BBQ beef sandwich.  All are enough to convert my initial crappy ratings into a golden (well, orangish) 4 stars.
1	Walked out. An hour wait no food and a rude waitress. This used to be a good place. They removed the bar,put a bunch of tables. Now it feels like a cafeteria will not go back! People sat after us, received their food, ate, paid and left and we hadn't received our food.
1	Never. Again. My fiance and I almost walked out on this place after we ordered our food. The service was deplorable and the wait staff is full of invalid excuses as to why it takes almost an hour to get food out to a dining room that had a total of 6 tables. "It's pretty hectic in here" was an excuse given to me by one of the waitresses. Sorry, I used to Bust. My. Ass. when I was a server at a Mexican restaurant and I got food out to 10+ tables faster than this place can serve one!I don't want to rag too much, because I did tell them I felt as though the service was sub-par. What could have helped the long wait? Simply our waitress coming to our table and at least checking on us once and letting us know the food was taking longer than usual. But that didn't happen. Then the table behind us asked for a manager and actually complained to them about the heinously long wait. Our waitress was nice, but not a good server.My fiance and I were sat in a sparsely populated dining room and after we were sat - NO ONE ELSE CAME IN. No other tables were sat after us the whole time we waited around for our sub-par breakfast food, which came out luke warm by the way. How the hell can my food come out luke-warm when I've been waiting on it for 45 minutes?!I ordered the Southwestern Eggs Benedict, which is basically eggs benedict with chorizo sausage. It was okay. It came with some pretty bland country potatoes. My fiance got The Crepe Dealer, which came with eggs, two strawberry crepes, and a ham steak which he declared to be too dry to eat. He had about three bites and for my fiance that is very weird.Stay away from this place.
2	Had breakfast here, and the food is typical diner style.  However, the sourdough toast was awesome! Thick and fresh and real butter.  Tip...order the blueberry pancakes, but have them put the mound of blueberry compote on the side....might be too much for some.  Bacon was done perfectly, not fatty or chewy....crisp.  Coffee was just so so.
4	Come hungry. Pancakes are large and thick. Good quality food and excellent service.The worst part sooo many choices and you can't go wrong with any of them.
1	Terrible service, cold food, incorrect orders.  Yuck.Worse still, the last time I dined at this Blueberry Hill, the woman who rang us up could barely speak English and charged us $220 instead of $20 (and some change) for our bill.  It was a NIGHTMARE to try to get it fixed because there was a debilitating language barrier.  I tried to remain patient and friendly (mistakes happen), but by the time it was all finished, I have a sneaking suspicion that she was saying some not-so-nice things to me under her breath in Spanish.  I lived in Texas, so I know just enough that I could tell what was going on.  I spoke to the manager, who issued a half-assed apology but seemed completely unbothered by the fact that her rude employee overcharged us by $200 and got angry at US for bringing it to her attention.  I haven't been back.  Not gonna make that mistake twice.
2	From start to finish it was a bad experience, both food and service.So it's Sunday morning, my wife and I are up early, and decide that it was the perfect time to try out a new breakfast joint. Now I've driven by the various Blueberry Hill's throughout Vegas, but only have eaten at one once and it was for lunch. I go to their website and they lay on me the fact that they make their pancakes from scratch and all the other places in town use a mix. I'm sold. So we arrive at the location in Henderson around 9am, seems busy enough but we're seated promptly. Prior to being seated the two ladies who are supposed to "welcome" us are in an animated conversation and seem irritated that we interrupted them. Sorry to interrupt ladies. The main dining area is full so they seat us in their bar section. Very nice, looks like it may have been remodeled at some point, awesome flat screen TV's, pretty comfortable atmosphere. The waitress gives us the menus and takes our drink order (two sodas, I know it's 9am, but coffee wasn't going to cut it). My wife orders the Eggs Benedict special, I decide to go with a short stack of pancakes and a side order of eggs. Afterall, they put down their competitors pancakes, I had to try them. So I will say this, they weren't the worst pancakes I've ever had. However, before talkin' smack, especially on your website for everyone to see, you better be darn sure the product your putting out is truly better than your competition. Because it's not. The pancakes had no taste. I had 3 pancakes, the top one was golden brown and perfectly cooked, the second one was much darker, the bottom one was closer to black than brown. Does the cook even look at what he's serving? Absolutely ridiculous. The Eggs Benedict my wife ordered were ordinary at best. The hollandaise sauce had no flavor whatsoever. Ham was good, but way too thick.I'm not sure if the servers were overwhelmed, but they were running around like a bunch of chickens with their heads cut off. As picked up everyone in the dining area's dishes they slammed them into the busser trays making loud bangs throughout the entire restaurant. Almost as if they were trying to break the plates. Quite annoying when trying to carry a conversation and every 30 seconds your interrupted by the plate orchestra.The worst part of all of this are the prices. For $2.99 I could go to almost any bar in town and get the same breakfast, and it will taste good. And even if it isn't good, at least it's only $3 bucks. Instead, I paid triple that and got bad food and poor service. I won't be back.Oooof!
2	When I heard my manager said he was going to "treat himself" by going out to Blueberry Hill, I almost fell over in my chair. I mean, has he seen my other review of Blueberry Hill on Flamingo? Abhorrent! Wretched! This is a treat I would give to a used car salesman. Or Satan. Or someone else who's bad.Nay nay, says he, you have to go to the one on Green Valley Parkway. It's 10,000 times better. I responded with a hearty "meh" and went back to work.Today, however, I needed something to get the creative juices flowing, so I figured why not put Mr. Manager's words to the test. I got to the Blueberry Hill on Green Valley Parkway, and was promptly greeted and sat. In order to be most fair, I ordered exactly the same thing as I did at the last Blueberry Hill: Mexican-style chilaquiles and a Diet Pepsi. It was the same plate of mediocrity as the other one. I don't see how people rave about these places when I always seem to get plates full of mediocre.On the upside, the service was a little faster. Not that much more friendly, but at least I wasn't waiting forever to get a refill on soda.I'm sorry, I'm still not sold on these places. If I need comfort food ASAP, I'm sticking with Denny's.
2	I went today, needing an egg fix and crispy hash browns. I was disappointed in both my Denver Omelet and the hash browns. The omelet ingredients were absolutely overwhelmed by the flavor of onions ..and so were the hash browns. I like a few onions but quite often ask for them to be left out and should have done that today. And while I could see the prices on the menu, I was still kind of taken aback that my bill came to $14.37 before any tip. Service was Okay, although as I've said, when you're alone at a restaurant, the waitresses don't spend much time on you since they know the tip is going to be less than a table of 4. If I want eggs and hashbrowns in the future, I'll go back to the New Day cafe over on Silverado Ranch.
5	I love the pancakes on a hangover-kinda morning!!!
3	The Hill is a dive-y diner where you stand equal chances of getting a great meal or a terrible one. It remains a staple on our breakfast rotation. The key here is to not expect much and stick to breakfast food.
3	It's Vegas. It's Sunday, and it was a late Saturday night. After being gone from here for 8 years I couldn't remember any of the breakfast spots so when I saw this one I thought, ok, I have pretty good memories of this one so why not?The service was spot on and very friendly. We never had to wait for a refill, and she was very attentive without hovering.I think 4 eggs in an omelet is a little over the top but what are you gonna do? She was very accommodating and and the orders were all served perfectly. The eggs in that omelet however, we're extremely over cooked and dry. I do appreciate the fact that the whole thing wasn't just swimming in oil like so many other places, so thanks for that!The place was crowded and seems to be a favorite among the locals. I think when I come back I'll just continue to search for the perfect spot. We have a few days left so maybe there's still time.
5	I love the fact that I can get breakfast anytime day or night at Blueberry Hill. Its a nice lil spot for a romantic date but it can still be a nice place to take a friend or family. Its home made food fast and ready. Huge omelets...fat pancakes....OMG you all have to check this out. And make sure you wave at me when you come in. Because odds are I will have me some pancakes and bacon. The place is spotless even the restrooms and the staff are sweet kind and nice very professional. I can spend a month of sundays at this location.
3	Good breakfast foods, good coffee, haven't tried anything but breakfast. Service is friendly but always slow, day and night. Don't go if you are in a hurry, but if you have time to hang out, you'll enjoy breakfast day or night!
5	The only thing that I can say is YUM! I love the pancakes, the waffles and the service.
1	This place is a joke.Looked fwd to visiting after seeing their ads & website announce how homemade & from scracth the food was. Our waitress,while nice enough, took a long time to get us drinks. We asked for `real` milk not creamers for our coffee and she looked as us like we were from outer space.She finally brought a 1/4 cup (like adrinking glass cup) of milk which was hard to pur into coffee without spilling. It was Sunday and it was `busy` but they seemed to have enough staff on hand to not warrant a 40 minute wait for crappy food. Just as I was about to get up my food came. Wife had eggs & bacon and I had chicken breats w/country gravy & 3 eggs on `special`. How long should this take to scoop awful sloppy gravy onto a bolw with a fried breast and some eggs?. Awful from top to bottom NOT WORTH the trip from the strip (or anywhere).Plus it was EXPENSIVE- like Bellagio expensive,if I want these prices I`ll stay on strip. Lastly, the checkout sells Christian books, not somethng I appreciate when people mix their religion into business
1	WHAT A DISGRACE!!! My family and I absolutely LOVE blueberry Hill, but NOT THIS ONE. Waited 10 minutes to try and get our name put on the list but had no luck. We ended up leaving after the "manager" would just pass by us, and others, in order to seat others that were already on the list. Never stopped to take our names so we just left. During those 10 minutes, we asked the cashier how we are able to get on the waiting list. She replied "THE MANAGER IS DOING THAT". Then we asked how he would know who came in first and she replied, "HE DOESNT" as she chuckled slightly.
1	Service was great..but the food was nasty. I have tried 2 Blueberry Hill Restaurants and they both had great service but the food is just not good. The food is not worth the money. I had a chicken finger platter with3 fingers, fries and salad that was $10.79. It was hot I will give them that but it had no seasoning and the fingers were too bready. The salad that came with my meal looked old because some of the lettuce was brown and the cucumbers were soft and mushy. For $15.00 I would have expected better. I will not be going to another Blueberry Hill. Sorry but I cannot pay this type of money for nasty food.
4	Healthy choices made easy on the low-fat diet menu.
1	Service is very slow for only 6 people in the entire restaurant! It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.
2	Apparently, I've been away too long. I BRAG about how BlueBerry Hill has the BEST Tuna Melts EVER. So I go today, order my Big o Tuna Melt on Rye (jack cheese please). It arrives looking all I remember it to be, so I take a bite. Hummm, the tuna tastes a little weird. So I take another bite and think, "Crap, they added stinkin' sweet pickle relish to their tuna." I tear apart the sandwich and yes, there they are...little stickin chucks of sweet pickle relish. I called over my waitress and sent the sandwich back.PLEASE go back to "purist" tuna salad...MAYO, CELERY and Albacore Tuna ONLY. (No Egg, No stinkin Pickle relish and especially, NO miracle whip). If you REALLY want to make an impression, mix up the tuna to order. Start with "Purist" tuna salad and if someone else wants that other crap in their tuna salad, it can be added in before serving.I had anticipated my treat of a Blueberry Hill Tuna Melt ALL morning, just to have my hopes dashed by tuna salad ruined by needless extra ingredients.Julie, my waitress at the Green Valley location was very sweet and understanding that I sent the sandwich back. The chicken noodle soup I had before the sandwich was wonderful and my companions totally enjoyed their meals. BTW, Julie gets FIVE stars. Please tell me when you go back to the original tuna recipe and I will rush on fleeted foot back to BlueBerry Hill.
1	All I can say is, you can find better tasting breakfast food at the casino buffets in town and for a much cheaper price too!  Try Egg Works, or elsewhere.  Although the restaurant looks clean, the servers are not.   I've seen a server come back from smoking outside and straight to serving without even washing her hands.  Gross! The restaurant offers a healthy diet breakfast menu, which is great. However, the taste is not there.  I would only return to this restaurant for three reasons, and these three reasons must be happening all at once:  when I'm too lazy to cook up my own healthy breakfast meal, when I'm too lazy to stand in line at the casinos for a meal, and when I'm too lazy to drive anywhere farther than a 5 mile radius from my home just to eat a damn breakfast or meal.  When I came in here, we were approached by a friendly manager.  The staff was okay, but seriously.....the food sucks, pricey for such a shitty meal (eggs from a carton box taste), and your server or cook could either be serving you good or bad that day (it just all depends).Overall, the Blueberry HIll located on 2855 N Green Valley Pkwy needs major improvements!  Hope this helps, or just see and try for yourself .  Good luck!
3	Ok, so I forced myself to get past the religious children's menu and am focusing on the restaurant.Blueberry Hill is a diner.  You won't find Grand Slam anything here, and you won't be hopping around, but the menu is of the same genre.  The food is exactly  what you would expect.  Large portions and average quality.....wait for it.... except their breakfast choices are excellent!  The Chocolate Chocolate Chip pancakes were top notch and the cinnamon pancakes are my daughter's fave.  The remainder of the menu is about average but if you want breakfast, this is a better choice than most.
1	So...we were visiting Vegas and decided to grab breakfast on our way to Ethel M. After yelping we found this place. The sign in the packed restaurant told us to seat ourselves. Menus with a myriad of options soon followed. Coffee was immediately delivered. I ordered tea. My goodness...I should have taken a picture of the mug. I am pretty sure they pulled it from the landfill. There wasn't a crack or chip to avoid around the rim...the thing was covered!! No option was given for tea, but I saw they had choices. Strange. I felt bold and ordered the Philly cheesesteak omelet with home fries and sourdough toast (that I couldn't eat and gave away because I am gluten free). The potatoes were cold, unseasoned and burnt...nary a bell pepper or onion. The omelet...greasy, tough meat...hardly cooked bell peppers and onions. Gross. I was starving, with cranky kids and other adults that weren't complaining about their foods (nay, they were raving) that I didn't have the heart to complain...well that and the waitress never checked on us. The hall to the bathroom smelled like raw sewage. Nice. Especially when you've sat yourself at the last available table big enough for your party that is just steps away. When leaving they had a TV tray with a few cooked meals out to "entice" you. Wonder how long those sit out. They did not look good. The place also had a grimy/dirty feel to it. Like it needed a top to bottom cleaning. I thought, "wow, glad this place is a real mom and pop"...and then as we drove all over the Las Vegas area I found out it was a chain!! Ew!Would not eat here again. Yuck.
4	This was Plan B to Thanksgiving breakfast (I tried calling the Plan A place the night before but there was no answer and no outgoing message to identify it, either- and I thought it would be closed... the "planner" in me had a feeling). I hadn't been in one of these restaurants in years. I ate here once, years ago, but it's too long ago to remember any specifics.The ambiance is much better than the Flamingo/Spencer location. Huge Menu, different combos available, and prices on average about $10.00 per person. My FIL and his wife knew the server- they used to be regulars. It was very very busy. Our order took a while. OK, maybe by this time, we were really hungry (remember, this was our 2nd destination). Well, we noticed that other people were getting their food before us (these are people who were seated after us.) I was torn between a couple choices, but I chose the Irish Eggs Benedict- corned beef hash. So did my husband. And it was really delicious. I would order that again if we came here again. You know how at certain restaurants, you have your designated favorites? This would be my go-to breakfast here. I would be curious to try other things, but the memory of how good this dish was, would deter me from swaying in another direction.So, the moral of the story is, sometimes mistakes happen but then something good happens because of said mistake. (My FIL kept talking about he was looking forward to the Monte Cristo at Plan A place.)
4	5 stars for the customer service (thanks lili)4 stars for the food 5 stars for the apple pie & coconut cream .... Goodness... And perfect bacon. Did not like the old diner old old feel. I'm a stickler about clean glassware and utensils and everything was so outdated & used so much 1/3 of the logo is left - as clean as it may have been - felt unclean. I got a veggie omelet - super delish and they use whole florets - cooled perfectly. Bacon - perfect & crispy .... So Worth the calories. They vale all of their desserts there and everything we ordered was incredible. Pie crust was flakey and soft - I would come here again - staff is super friendly.
4	I love the breakfast! Lunch not so much. But breakfast is the GREAT!
2	I gave this restaurant 2 stars only because the food is good. My husband and I went to have breakfast Sunday. It used to be one of our favorite spots. We went there often and Lili was our waitress most of the time. The waitress today was horrible. Gave us a cup of coffee. No personality at all, didn't smile or greeted us. We waited 15 min before she came back to tell us she will be right back. Another 10 before she came back to take the order on the table next to us that was just seated. Walked right by us again and told us that she'll be back. Are you kidding me? The "manager" we spoke to was a worker from the kitchen. At least the two hostesses we nice and pleasant. We are never going back to the green valley location and won't probably go to any other location for a long time either.
4	Celebrating the Hawks win with a late breakfast. DH got blueberry waffle/bacon combo. I got the blueberry cheese blintzes. Both were amazing. Coffee flowed freely, flavored creamer right at the table.Yes, it's a chain, but it has the local feel. Decor is a bit more modern-looking than the one on Flamingo. The restaurant is neat and clean, we got seated right away. Menus are on the table. Service was spot on. Prices fair, proportions gigantic (when ordering a combo, plan to share).The food came out quickly, done as ordered - I will leave the room if I get a runny yolk...blech...but my over hard was perfectly hard. (giggle)Overall, glad we came. Didn't do a lot of drinking last night, but we're both kinda hung over from joy at last night's game. This was a good way to start the day.I will be back for the blitzes.
3	As far as service goes, they need improvement but the blueberry pancakes are the most delicious I've ever had. The cashier and waitress were rude and ignored me the whole time but the food was superb. I love their breakfast and it's the only reason I go back, not that the staff gives a shit.
1	The food was pretty good only reason this place deserves a single star, my husband had the Irish Eggs Benedict and I had the Waitress Special (Waffle, bacon and eggs). My eggs tasted a little funny. But besides that we had no issues with the food. The Irish Eggs Benedict was really good! I'm pretty bummed that the rest of our visit was so awful that we won't go back to get it again. Not to mention the place looked so outdated, there were chips in the coffee cups, my bench was broken and anytime I shifted on it I could hear it cracking beneath me, the silverware looked very old and in poor condition.... and the floors... oh those floors looked about as gross as a gas station bathroom floor.... disgusting.When we walked in, we were "greeted" by a woman that looked like the manager. No name tag, but I saw employees asking her questions and she would walk around the restaurant checking on things. The reason I typed "greeted" the way I did was because she didn't have a smile on her face and all she said, very quietly, was "How many?" We told her two and a high chair, she ignored the fact that we said we needed a high chair, walked us to our seats and walked away. Our server was Ray (who thankfully got us the high chair), he acknowledged my existence ONCE when he wanted my order, besides that he directed all conversation towards my husband. He asked my husband how many coffees we wanted, I am pregnant, so I wasn't having a coffee, but was thinking about getting an orange juice. We were never asked if we wanted drinks besides the water and the coffee. I just decided to stick with water.Once we finished our meal we went up and were waiting to pay, the same lady who seated us was doing the checks up front. If she is a manager, she really needs to work on her communication skills, which were, in my opinion, non existent. She looked at me annoyed at one point while helping the other people (I was in no way rushing her or anything, just standing there watching my 1 year old being silly with the people behind us)  and told me in a very short tone that she would be right with us.. ok, no big deal. I just thought maybe she was having an off day. When our turn came up, she didn't say a word to us, just looked at me with her hand out to get the ticket. I handed it to her. She then continued to stand there and look at me like I was some idiot with her hand out towards me. At this point, I was at my wits end with her behavior, so I admit, I spoke to her pretty shortly myself and asked what she was waiting for. No response. She still stood there with her hand out. I was expecting her to double check our total and put it into the cash register so it never crossed my mind that she needed the money, nor did she say anything. My husband was holding our son and was still watching him being silly waiting to hear that he needed to pay. I touched his shoulder and he looked over at her and asked "are you waiting for our payment?" Again, no response, she continued to sit there with her hand out. I then said that if she had wanted our payment she should have told me and I could have gotten it to her faster. Thankfully the girl who was taking care of the tickets when we got in returned and took over for the (possible) manager. She was much more polite and much better at communicating what was needed.I had already had a rough morning and we were going out to breakfast to try and do something enjoyable to attempt to make the day better, and this experience with her and the non acknowledgement of our server just made it even worse. I had to keep myself from either crying or storming back in there and having a not so nice chat with this woman, I knew it wouldn't do much good and that it was just my crazy pregnant hormones talking, so I didn't. But I did decide to write reviews on the place on the different websites. If you want good food, a dingy environment and to be treated like you are an idiot, this is the place to go. If not, I'd avoid at all costs.
3	First time here and these are my thoughts :  This joint could stand a face-lift. The 1987 vinyl mauve booths are old, cracked and pinch my legs.  The menu is so unbelievably huge I can't believe that they would get everything prepared right.  Waitstaff seems a little sleepy (slow). Lighting is an the dark side in this room but I'm okay with that. Looks like they put goop, like canned liquidy fruit junk all over their offerings of pancakes, waffles, crepes and blintzes. Most people go for that sweet stuff but I'm not a fan. I'd prefer freshly made.   Coffee is borderline.
1	LIVID.  They need a ZERO STAR rating. I came in and was polite, when they quoted me a 7-10min waiting time I said no problem and sat patiently and had my money in hand intending to leave a little extra as a tip..........I asked for hash browns with green peppers and mushrooms and explained NO ONIONS due to an allergy ::to go:: with a coffee. THEY GAVE ME A BOX FULL OF ONIONS ONLY... NO HASHBROWNS w/ green peppers.  They also gave me a TOGO coffee cup with creamer and sugar filled with cold dark Pepsi... AND A BILL hoping I would pay without checking my order before leaving.  They rushed me to pay and when I stopped to check my order they literally ran screaming ::"Oh no - she's checking her food!"! DISGUSTED.My stomach just growled in pure agony at the idea of slop they packaged as some sick joke on my limited time to head to business... and it's hours later. Treatment like this should not be tolerated and BELIEVE I won't be shy in protecting others from such a unwarranted, spiteful, cruel and unethical experience. I'm keeping the box in the freezer should ANYONE at this establishment take a moment to review the poor experiences mentioned thus far about this particular location on Green Valley.  I've seen ZERO responses to other patrons to date which paints a pretty clear picture as to just how this type of behavior continues.  This is not a personal opinion, a food critique,... This is a HUGE slap in the face to a local with a big heart for supporting her community, but a bigger mouth when it comes to cruelty... Not letting this one rest.The phone has rang approximately 20x for me to call in what happened ... No answer.  They picked up somewhere between ring 20 & 30... informed me the manager was gone for the day, not coming in tomorrow, doesn't have an email and to call back another time. After putting in way too much out of character work I received the contact name of: CHENCHO and hope he will be just as appalled by the behavior as I was/am.
5	Vegas Staple For Breakfast!  Cheap and big portions Think dinner not restaurant.
3	Terrific service and very family-friendly. Great portions for sharing as well. Food is solid though not spectacular but a very good breakfast experience overall.
2	So let me first start by saying I love Blueberry Hill, I usually go to the one on Sandhill and Flamingo but ib was in the area so I just stopped here.  Let me start by saying there was 1 booth occupied so I figured I'll be in and out quick,  nope! Employees talking about other employees very loud,  very unprofessional if you ask me.  The waitress came she was nice,  didn't ask if I wanted anything to drink just brought water. Anyway I told her give me 2 minutes to look at the menu,  2 minutes turned into 10, she was walking around chewing food in her mouth,  talking more about other employees,  I was about to walk out and she came to take my order.  Food was delicious as always but I'll never come here again,  I can just imagine how it is if they were busy. I'll stick to the one on Sandhill the staff is nice and professional
4	Improvements galore here last couple of visits. Food's  better on an undated menu and this particular location has more seating than before. Love their homemade salsa which they'll bring for your breakfast, if you just ask. The pancakes are simply the best ever. Needed help with a handicap parking spot occupied by some entitled jerk and the manager was super helpful.  Our server was friendly & our large table got all our food correctly. Place just seems better than past, so if you were turned off as we were, give them another try.
1	The place is a ripoff. Two eggs, sausage, hash browns for 12.70. In Vegas, off the strip, REALLY.
5	Loved this Blueberry Hill, but was sad to see that it is now closed.
5	I absolutely love this place for breakfast. There is usually a wait on the weekends so be patient it is worth it. For waffles there is none better.
1	I see now that this place is closed and for good reason. I took my son here back in September and it was an awful experience, not to mention unexpectedly expensive. I ordered an omlet with white cheese and received yellow cheddar, had them remake it and it was runny. I did not eat it. My son ordered a skillet and they forgot to add the egg on top. The waitress brought him the egg and when he poured it over the skillet it was still raw! He did not eat his either. I did have a pancake that was very fluffy and good. The service was terrible and slow; I did not leave a tip! The place was also dirty. I had to request a clean coffee cup. I was not a fan and would never return.
