5	New Homeowner here and I never thought I'd say that my new weekend hang out is Home Depot...  Ask me what isle the sand paper, toilet seat covers, doggie doors are and you'll think I work there; only thing missing is my orange apron with my name artistically painted on it...  Anywho- my review is REALLY all about: Affordable Flooring & More...and how FAN-tastic they are.  Travis, General Manager greeted me in a small and cozy show room.  He let me look around without prodding like those annoying sales people at corporate furniture stores.  His demeanor was so nice, kind, Genuine...He answered my tile questions and introduced me to [Alberto] Gomez who answered my carpet questions. I left with a 'wow' feeling=warm and fuzzy and NOT the exhausted feeling you feel when forced to answer to sales people desperate to make a sale.  I politely thanked him for his time and continued my research for the best price.So, back to Home Depot, Lowes, RC Wiley, (Walker doesn't do floors), Handy-man and another smaller company, I don't remember their name... Research complete and confident with my decision, I called Affordable Flooring & More to make an appointment for my estimate= because they were AFFORDABLE!!!  "Sure! What time tomorrow would work for you?"  ...wow, tomorrow?  Impressed, I met them at 4pm the next day (day 1).  Travis emailed my quote the following day (day 2), I was back in the showroom (day 3) to choose my tile and carpet and they were pulling the linoleum out (day 4).  It took them 5 days to tile and carpet my 1286 sq. ft., 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath house.  Gomez called to check in with little progress reports and double check my grout color choice. To be completely honest, I spotted one tile that was a little lower than the rest (before the grout) and they fixed it immediately when I brought it to their attention.  The end result, a beautifully tiled floor (and bathrooms and washer/dryer area) and a great carpet job!  I stopped back at the show room to pay my remaining 50% for service rendered and Travis told me before I left, that should I spot something I don't like, to call him and they'll come out and take care of it.  It was a really nice feeling to know that they are proud of their work and take responsibility to ensure a happy customer, no matter if it's tomorrow or a year from now. Lengthy review, but worth every minute spent writing it out!  I highly recommend Affordable Flooring & More.
5	I took a chance and drove to affordable flooring & more. When I went in I was greeted by Travis & Alberto and the feeling I got was like being with family. I knew I was going to buy from them no matter what!I was right the price, service & the quality of craftsmanship was excellence to none. I would recommend this company to anyone 5 starsclayton
5	Shopped for new carpeting at Home Depot and Lowes but were not completely satisfied. My husband went on Yelp and read the reviews for carpet stores. We decided to try Affordable Carpet solely based on what we read. They are professional, efficient and very AFFORDABLE and carpet was installed in less than two weeks and looks fabulous.We highly recommended this business.
5	Travis (owner) and Mr. Gomez (supervisor) did everything they promised. They offered to come back anytime that I found something not to our liking. I did find a small spot on 3 tiles and they came out the next day and replaced them; no questions asked. They constantly stated, and followed through, with their promise to make us happy with the job no matter the concern. They've lived up to their claim: fast, fair, friendly service that exceeds our expectations. Travis was willing to negotiate the overall price and made it come in under budget. So we added carpet installation too! Completely happy with this project and especially with Affordable! They installed 1500 sq ft of tile and 750 sq ft of carpet. Both done expertly, on time, on budget, and completed 1 day sooner than promised. Would use this company again and recommend them highly. Not something I do normally; recommendation. But this time is different.
1	Can't tell you what this place is like because THEY WEREN'T OPEN during business hours.  We traveled all the way to this place and they had closed 45 minutes early.  No signage telling us sorry we had to go early NADA, and they wouldn't answer their phone and no answering machine to leave a message.  Obviously they do not need customers.I'm sorry but my time is just important as yours, and if you are going to close early have some professionalism and leave instructions on the door.
5	Did all new flooring in the house I just bought. Did the entire downstairs in 18x18 tile, the stairs and all upstairs bedrooms minus the bathrooms in new Mohawk smart strand carpet, and new baseboards in the whole house. This place was AMAZING. I first got quotes from Nulook and Home Depot. Nulook was much more expensive but had great reviews. Affordable flooring had good reviews but not as many. After getting the quotes, we went into the stores to look at tile options. Nulook was fairly standoffish, didn't offer much help, not unfriendly but not welcoming either. Affordable flooring was amazingly nice. Right when we walked in, I knew this was the place I'd get my flooring done. Staff is extremely knowledgeable on what they do and what they carry. Travis helped pick the best tile for our house layout and his wife helped greatly with color decisions when we asked for input. We gave them our budget and they were willing to work with us, they told us exactly what they could do for our price, sent us home with tile and carpet samples free of charge and said to bring them back when we decide. They were not pushy to do more whatsoever and kept us within our budget for the project. In addition to being so polite, knowledgeable, and affordable, Gomez and his team did an amazing job. We had painted the house the week before they came in to do the flooring and they installed the flooring leaving minimal spots needing touch up paint. Found no problems with the tile, nor the carpet, and the baseboards were done perfectly. I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone looking to do flooring! In fact I already have to another person at work who is just as satisfied with the job they completed in her house last week. This is the place to go for all flooring needs!
5	I used Affordable Flooring & More to put carpet in my business.  At the time I was just starting my business and I was short on cash so when Travis gave me his quote - it  was great - way lower then the box stores. I set an appointment and they were on time and finished when promised.  Gomez and his guys were very professional and clean up after they were done (which most people do not) and everything looks great.  I would use them again with no questions asked.
5	Great company! I'm a real estate agent and have referred them several of my clients! I have gotten nothing but the best compliments from my clients on the workmanship, quality, and price! Will use this company every chance I can!! Thanks guys for all your hard work and great business
4	We had the pleasure of using this company to vamp up our outdated townhouse. We went from 1970 to a new and approved modern look. It was shocking to see the before and after photos. We couldn't be happier with the out come. Everyone is very friendly and helpful. We didn't know much about flooring but they were there to answer any questions we had eager to make us happy. We will definitely be using them again and would highly recommend anyone else to do the same.
5	This is a great company.  I bid them out for all of my commercial jobs and they end up winning the bid 99% percent of the time.  I have had to make very few, if any, call backs.
5	I will say that dealing with Travis and Gomez was an absolute pleasure. I was moving into a new house I bought in Henderson and was on a tight time line and not only did Travis and team deliver on time but they also were very reasonably priced. I can't say enough about them except my wife and I are so happy that we chose them. They delivered confidence and peace of mind which is priceless. I almost went with another company that was highly rated on Angie's list but they were no where near the professionalism and competence that Affordable flooring offered. This was a big project for us (about 2800 sq ft) and we made the right choice. I only with that they did paint as well because I would have saved a lot of headache. Do yourself a favor and give them a shot, you will not regret it and you will become as big of a fan as I am. Thank you Travis and Gomez. You guys rock!
5	These people are no joke they are the real thing! We were selling our house and we were quoted close to $500 from several local carpet cleaning companies to come out and have our carpets deep cleaned! The worst part is these carpet cleaning companies were going to come in and leave our carpets all wet and I hate it when they drag their dirty machines all over my house! Then you know that  your carpet looks clean for about a day or so and then the spots just come right back! We decided to call Affordable Flooring to see what they could do for us and they were wonderful! They were able to do everything for us over the phone!, we never had to even go into their store! They sent someone to come measure our house to get the square footage the next day and they were able to come lay new carpet the day after that! We kept the original padding so all we needed was new carpet and they gave us a great deal on the carpet and installation! We got our entire upstairs, which included three bedrooms the loft the staircase and a large walk in closet for just $1000! We even got name brand carpet and it looks great! And to think we could have paid half of that money just to have them shampooed, which wouldn't have helped at all! The installers were great and quick and cleaned up when they were done! We listed our house and it sold in 5 days, and guess what, the buyers didn't ask for a carpet allowance ;-)
5	It is rare when you find an owner of a company who is truly sincere in caring about his customers.  Travis is that person.  He will care for your home or property as if it were his own.  He will bend over backwards to ensure that you are satisfied with the end result. We had our entire home tiled with a tile called "African Silver".  It is gorgeous.  I will post photos.  You will not regret giving Travis your business and trusting him to see that the job is done right.
5	I had a fireplace surround completed by the guys Affordable Flooring.  What a great job they did!!!  See the pictures that I posted.  Affordable Flooring is not just for flooring.  They do walls as well!!  My wife and I could not be happier.  Between the floors and the fireplace surround, they have transformed our home.  Better quality than the model by a long shot.
5	Seriously the BEST! They treat you like family! They work hard, have great attitudes, don't leave till it's perfection and have great prices! Thanks for all you did to make our move spectacular!
4	I had them do my flooring on the first floor. I had done my research & finally came across them. They were very informative on the phone, in their storefront, & onsite. They came out & gave a free quote on my first floor. With my sister working in the industry & have already met w/ several other companies I knew what questions to ask. Gomez came out & helped answer all my questions & explained what they would be doing once they started the project, what the cost for things would be, how long it should take, etc.I asked to come to their storefront so I could meet w/ them, have a few more questions answered, & see some of their work in the style I was requesting. Just as informative & friendly Gomez was at home he & his partner were in house. They even let me take home a couple samples of grout colors so I could pair it up w/ my ceramic tiles. I asked about any discount about paying cash & was provided a bit of a discount. Since I had all the ceramic tiles at the house so I was just being charged for labor & installation.I got a phone call the day prior to inform me what time the contractors would arrive. On the day of installation they got right to work. I f/u to ask how long the project would take as I was told 2 days, however the contractors said it would take probably 3. They were about have half way done w/ the project setting the ceramic tiles throughout the kitchen, pantry, guest bathroom, & dining room w/ only the living room & closet left to set. The following day the contractors arrived about 30 minutes late. Gomez gave me a call to let them know they had left already & wanted to inform me of the situation. They told me I would need another 2-3 boxes to complete the project. I questioned this due to the fact I had 3 other companies say that I only would need 52 boxes to complete the project. After the project was done I could see that some of the tiles could've been used to fit smaller fits instead of using a whole new tile. I was also told that the ring that was provided for the toilet was not good enough so I should pick up one of those too. I didn't question that since it was something I didn't know much about, I was just under the impression the one provided by Affordable Flooring was the right one to replace the old. On day 3 I didn't get a phone call, but did have 1 contractor arrive late to finish the job. The grout was laid & I was provided instructions on how to clean the floors, etc.I called Gomez once the project was done after speaking w/ my sister. She saw the pictures & said that they need to finish cleaning & seal the floors. Gomez told me that sealing the floors was extra. This was never discussed at any of the meetings, nor was it brought up or offered by Affordable flooring. I'm not sure if they offer this service. Gomez said in regards to the floors they simply need to be cleaned w/ warm water. If I felt the need for the contractor to come back to clean up he would send him back which he did.The project went well & the end product looked great. The only things that left a sour taste in my mouth was the tardiness, the floors being dirty upon leaving, & not being offered the option of the grout being sealed. Great company at a great price, just gotta ask a few extra questions for the novice coming into getting your floors done so you know what's what.
5	Let me start off by saying, this is my first Yelp review.  I've used Yelp to get reviews lots in the past but never written one.  I made a Yelp account to share with others how truly satisfied I am with Affordable Flooring and More.  My neighbors town home had a pipe bust, which flood my town home and ruined my laminate flooring and got my carpet wet.  I got quotes from multiple other places.  I'm willing to pay more for great customer service.  This place gave me the cheapest quote and had the best customer service.  After they came and measured my place, I went to their warehouse where they had an amazing selection of flooring to choose from.  I had planned on getting laminate but really ended up liking some tile that looked like wood.  This was my first time picking out new flooring.  Travis was very helpful in grabbing different carpet and tile I liked and laying them together so I could see if I liked how they went together.  He was also happy to adjust my quote on the current flooring I had picked out, since I originally had planned on laminate, but went with the tile.  I work out of town.  I gave them a key to get started while I was out of town.  I came home and the job was complete and looked amazing.  I couldn't be happier with my selection and the installers did a great job on the install.  Now I want to replace my carpet upstairs!  I'll definitely be back in the future.   I also attached a few pictures.  Thanks!
5	I used Yelp reviews to find Affordable Flooring, and I would be remiss to not add to the amazing reviews that they already have.  They are amazing!  From our first experience in the showroom, which was informative and friendly; they had a very nice selection of tile.  We were allowed to take several tiles with us to see how they fit in with our furnishing and lighting in the house.  About a week later we selected our tile and it was a very hard decision.  I had several friends come and give me their opinion. Once decided, we were torn on how much of the first floor to tile.  They were so accommodating to work up several bids with absolutely no pressure.  We decided on doing everything but the bedrooms, about 1900 sq. feet.  We paid a deposit, the flooring was ordered, and the installation scheduled.  When the flooring was delivered, it was the wrong tile.  Long story short was that the sample we had was mislabeled by the wholesaler; we were disappointed to learn that the tile we liked was backordered.  This is where, as one reviewer said, Affordable Flooring is no joke.  They allowed me to choose another tile at the same price, the loss to be absorbed by the wholesaler.  Customer seindyddrvice is something they do not sidestep on.  We chose a beautiful wood plank tile, and we could not be happier.  Everyone that comes in our home comments on it!  The installers lay the tile carefully, and they are artists.  They inspected and pulled tiles that weren't squared perfectly.  The job took a while, and they were polite and congenial.  They also had to work around a master bath renovation, and they were very willing to come out and do the bathroom a week later than the rest of the floor with no additional cost.  I love this company!
5	These guys were so nice and friendly that when their quote came back in the range I expected I didn't even bother to get an estimate from anyone else.Travis, Gomez, Pablo and the other installers have been an absolute pleasure to work with - and I'm thrilled with the results of phase 1!I moved into a fixer of a house and needed the entire bottom floor tile replaced.  They let me borrow a bunch of sample tiles to see how they'd look on the floor without any charge, and gave me good feedback and input on the types of tiles and colours that were popular.I read online that you have to be picky about grout lines and check to make sure that the tile installation is level, but I didn't need to worry about that at all with these guys!  Pablo had great suggestions for things I didn't even consider (i.e., how to do the border of the entryway or how the fireplace tile should be laid out).  The care they took to line things up visually in terms of pattern direction and tile placement  to make the space flow was amazing.  Plus they are ridiculously hard workers!  The team showed up between 7:00 and 8:00am every morning, called if they were running late, and often stayed well past 6-6:30pm.  They worked through the weekend even, with Travis calling us to make sure we could reach him on his cell if there were questions (as if that was necessary :p)  In all, I'm glad to have found Affordable Flooring & More (thanks Yelp!), and I can't wait till we can afford to move to phase 2 (upstairs!)
5	I discovered Affordable Flooring through Yelp. Travis was extremely helpful and had someone come out to take measurements the same day I called. Went into the showroom  a few days later and sat down with him, he was extremely knowledgeable and motivated to meet our budget. Installation was clean and quick and he and his lovely wife Lisa kept us abreast of the progress from start to finish.  I love our new carpet.Excellent prices (trust me I shopped around) No one could beat them. I highly recommend them for all your flooring needs. They've earned my repeat business and word of mouth.
5	I heard about this place from a good friend and decided to try them out...We just bought a house and needed new carpeting and before we chose Affordable Flooring, we looked at Lowe's, RC WIlley and other places. Our budget was no more than $3000. Every where we looked, based on the quality of carpet and padding we wanted, we couldn't find anything in our budget. I called Lisa and she sent down Gomez to measure and within a few days, hubby and I went to the storefront and Lisa new roughly how much I wanted to spend and showed me carpeting samples in our price range. What she chose we were okay with, but Iv asked if there was something a bit more upgraded (for comparison purposes). She pulled out a couple more samples and we decided to go with an upgraded carpet and padding, spending less than $300 more for what we wanted!! On the day of installation, two men came by and were done in less than 5 hours. Not only did the area the installed the carpet looked great, but they were professional and courteous. They kept the area clean, removing all the old carpeting, cleaning up and debris AND I asked Lisa if they were willing to haul carpeting that was in the garage from the original tenants, she kindly obliged and we tipped the installers a bit extra that. I was highly satisfied with the Mohawk brand product, the padding and the service we  received. We will definitely recommend them and if ever we needed flooring done, we will go to them first!!Side note: they have all kinds of flooring!!! We have tile in most of our home and it's still in great condition, but man...once I saw their options available, I wished I needed to change all of it!!! So many AFFFORDABLE choices!!! FYI for the square footage I needed I spent about $3300. Once I got their quote for that particular carpet, I went back to Lowe's and RC Willey to compare...cheapest for similar carpeting was still about $4800 for carpet and install ($4800 at Lowe's and about $5000 at RC Willey).
5	After meeting with 7 allegedly licensed flooring contractors we finally found Affordable Flooring.  What an awesome experience that made renovating our home much easier.  Travis was great web communicating throughout the process and did everything as he originally outlined.  His installation crew was top notch and I felt comfortable having them in my home.  This is tough work and they exceeded our expectations.  We will be using them again soon for another project and will always recommend them.  Finally, a good company in Las Vegas!
5	All I can say is WOW! They were great! I have a townhouse in Las Vegas that I am preparing to rent out, and their website suggested vinyl planking. I had time constraints, so I went to thier showroom. They were very friendly and attentive, and made several suggestions on getting the floor ready to lower the price. They even have vinyl planking in thier office!They held my hand through the whole process, and they put it in today and it looks awesome, and looks like a wood floor. I would highly recommed them to anyone.
5	We use Yelp quite a bit to make decisions on which companies to go with.  If I could rate it higher than 5 stars I would.  We worked with Travis and Lisa at the store.  They were extremely polite and really took the time to understand our needs and our budget.  We moved here from out of state and relied heavily on their expertise to guide us along the way.  They treated us like family.  We needed laminate and tile for the entire home and even though they didn't have our exact laminate in stock, they were helpful enough to order it online for us as they knew exactly what accessories to order along with it.  We met with Gomez, Jose, and a few other installers.  They too were very professional and on time.  We had a problem with the poor quality paint our builder did on the baseboards and Travis stepped in with a solution.  We had stored the baseboards outside but rain was expected so I called Travis who sent Gomez right over.  He was here in 20 minutes.  Talk about service!  On the day of laminate delivery, Travis sent his guys to our house and they carried the 4200 lbs of laminate for us from the street where the shipping company had dropped it off.  The installers did a quality job and treated our home as if it were their own.  We are actually a little sad they have completed the job because we won't see them unless there is a future concern.  Lisa knew we had some frustrations along the way with other vendors and it was almost Christmas.  One vendor we chose did not deliver so Lisa had the additional materials over-nighted at no additional cost to us.  She also surprised us with a little Christmas gift!  My parents are moving here in April 2015 and I have no reservations on referring them to Affordable Flooring.  They take great pride in their business and go out of their way to make sure things are taken care of properly.I could go on but I'll end up losing readers. It would be a disservice for me not to write about my awesome experience.  Thank you Affordable Flooring!!
