3	To be fair all I had was a couple of beers waiting for a connecting flight.  The menu looked interesting and there were certainly many tequila varieties for sampling.  From what I've heard though the food leaves a bit to be desired.  I travel a fair bit so next time I'll try the food and get back to this one.
4	Mahi mahi tacos were good. Ordered a martini and was told that they were pretty small,so I ordered a double. Almost passed out when I got the tab though- $27 for the drink!
4	I'm usually at this airport for connections that are long enough for a meal, but too short for a sit-down restaurant. This is my go-to for breakfast. I order the crab cake and eggs (comes with potatoes) for $12.99. It's actually a great quality crab cake with only a little filler, topped with pico de gallo and served on a bed of lettuce. The eggs come scrambled with some cheese crumbles on top and they also give you a side of salsa. It's pretty filling and not too pricey considering it's a crab cake at airport prices. They always tell me it will be about 12-14 minutes for it to be ready, but it definitely comes out faster than that.
2	Service 4.5Fundito 2.5 (it's just cheese and tasteless ground beef) you need to eat it fast or it becomes a brick of cheese that destroys your chips.Enchiladas verdes 3 (not really that flavorful)Tamales 4 (my GF had these)Overall skip this place and find another restaurant to eat at.  I wish I did.
2	Not my favorite airport restaurant in the world,  but they're located right at the head of Term C so they are always right snack in my path.  Service can be sketchy,  the food reasonable quality - but the pricing is on the high end of airport pricing - and the beverage selections are pretty limited.  Use it for what it is but just don't expect to much.
4	This was a surprisingly great find in the Charlotte airport. The margaritas really surprised me in how good (and strong!) they were. They're not cheap at $12 - $13 but they definitely satisfied my craving for a fruity margarita. And the cheese quesadilla I had was pretty good as well. Not a life changer but made my layover significantly better.
2	place wasn't that good and obviously sense its in an airport they over charge for everything but when you are messed up and need some food it does the trick.
4	We decided to give Tequileria a try during a layover in Charlotte.  The service was way slower than I would expect for an airport restaurant with people trying to catch flights (we had to flag our waitress down every time we needed something...to order, more water, our bill, etc) but the food was good.I had the nachos with guacamole and my husband had the chicken tacos.  The food was along the lines of a chain casual dining Mexican restaurant (think Don Pablos or On the Border) but it was surprisingly decent for airport food!    Overall, the food was decent and ambiance was fun.  Coming back from a tropical vacation, Tequilera was a great way to extend the vacation feeling for just a little bit longer!
2	Service was really slow, and the food was barely warm and tasted like well nothing. This type of restaurant can't survive any place but a airport.  Charlotte needs to raise the bar and get some good local restaurants In there terminals. Lay overs here are not good
2	This place isn't bad, but I wouldn't go there again. The drinks and food just weren't that good. There are better choices in the airport.
4	Pretty good airport food when you've got about an hour to spare in Charlotte. Like all the other locales nearby, it's very expensive for what you get. But it's a nice alternative to Burger King. They have express versions of what they sell in the sit down restaurant next door. And they have a bunch of grab and go items like salads, sandwiches, fruit bowls, etc. Several choices of meat for your tacos or salad, and the softest flour tortillas I've had in ages. Not spicy but plenty of flavor in the beef. The service was again pretty typical of airport dining, but the turnaround was fairly quick...and in an airport that's priceless. Overall a good solid choice for a quick meal during your layover.
3	Just had the nachos with chicken. It was good except the cheese was stuck to the paper in a few spots. DO NOT order the guacamole! It's absolutely disgusting. No way they make it fresh. Service was a little slow especially once the place filled up.
1	Have $23 to blow on a wrap smaller than a midgets fist? Then this is the joint for you! Got a chicken bacon ranch wrap with 60+ grams of carbs, 50+ grams of fat, and 23 grams of protein. Don't even care about the nutritional value, just curious where the heck it came from considering the wrap had no sauce, no chicken, and half a piece of bacon.  Might never fly us air again just to avoid this terminal.
4	Surprising to find food this good at the airport, but the Charlotte airport really is top notch as far as that goes.  Lots of good choices.  Tequileria has a great menu which can get you something fast and easy to handle, kind of like a burger (but better!) or you can get something messy too.  Great grab and go selections as well.  I was able to get a quesadilla and soft drink in about 5 minutes and be able to eat it before I got onto the plane.This place is in the main terminal section between C and D, I believe.  Pretty sure it is between City News and Starbucks.
3	It's bland mexican food at the airport.  It serves a purpose which is to soak up alcohol.I have taken coworkers here...not sure why when Phillips is more their speed, but it hits the spot when I have time to kill before my flight and want some tacos.
2	Nice atmosphere however the food was not fresh. If your in a rush the food was fast but not impressive. Staff was nice.
4	I've been here several times and I always order the crab cakes. They are always very good and quick to get the order if your in a hurry. They also have a nice selection of tequila if your looking for a nice margarita. It's normally pretty crowded but moves  quickly.
2	I'd say sub-par / three stars would've been generous - the meat tasted good... But in pretty sure that it made me sick about 30mins later. The tacos were soggy / and there was excessive amounts of fat in the meat. The service was mediocre, I guess you can't expect too much from an airport stop / but, this wasn't somewhere I'd choose again.Perhaps find somewhere with more standard food, if you have a sensitive stomach.
1	The chips and salsa seemed like they were bought from Sam's club and served directly to our table. The margarita was really good. However, there were no prices on the menu, and it turns out they charge $13.50 for their lowest level, house margarita. Unbelievable. Stay away.
2	Simply put - you're stuck at the airport - so they "got ya". Crappy food, so-so drink and poor service. Good luck if this is your choice. Go get Burger King before you choose this.
1	WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNINGI can't do zero 0 stars I definitely would. So far this is the worst Mexican food ever, horrible taste everything frozen from a f... Can.  how dare you guys to call this Mexican food?? I travel to Mexico and other USA state's restaurants many. I have a passion for food my family owns restaurants and definitely this is the worst food preparation EVER. I Order many plates all disgusting tacos, TORTAS, STAKE, MAHI MAHI IT'S NOT EVEN MEXICAN ALL where serve cold and same meat I order mix. Beans no salt, not taste no nothingAll frozen meat who knows how long this people keep their food in refrigerator.Who ever is giving Like or positive reviews I have two questions. You haven't try Real Mexican food from scratch.? Employees are doing their own reviews.Please try to go to real Mexican cuisine then you will change your mind and go back to yelp after you know tequilas  and taqueria Pronto! Not even free will recommended to go there. Sucks.
2	Food was overpriced and order was incorrect.  Food was bland. Waitress was very good however
2	Rubbish.... If you like chips from a 20lb bag and salsa from a Pace jar, this is the place for you. Service was poor (couldn't crack a smile to save his life), the tacos were on par with a high school cafeteria. The beer was cold (hence 2 stars).
1	Worst mexican food I've ever eaten greasy and without flavor. Even the cheese was unpleasant and I didn't think that was possible.
1	Nice service, but horrible food!I was able to charge my electronics while dining, so that was very nice of the staff.  The waiter was friendly and chipper.  However, the nachos were disgusting, and tasted and appeared microwaved or left to heat up under a broiler.  It was gross!
4	Great margarita- it was SO expensive $18.77 with tip.,... but very very good - This is airport food and bar folks so its highway robbery- BUTThe service and  staff was unbelievably friendly and fastI had a grilled shrimp salad and it was delicious....
3	Ok already! It's not "authentic" Mexican! Are you really expecting a Rick Bayliss quality restaurant in an airport? I sure am not. This place provided me with a DECENT breakfast/lunch and friendly service. Not cheap like any other airport establishment but it did the job. I left full and satisfied. Ok so it's not even Mexican. Just call it EL DECENTO AEROPORTO foodo.
1	If I was able to give 0 stars I would. This place has thee WORST customer service EVER and may I add there are servers/server  that are quite prejudice. Throughout my business travel in & out of CLT weekly for the past two years I much rather grab food at any other restaurant prior to arriving at CLT as the selection is crap & once you think you see a great place such as this one, you are in for a terrible surprise.I ate here twice the only reason I went the 2nd time is because management contacted me after I complained & left my business card & I was left assured that this wasn't the type of service that the restaurant was built on (my terrible prejudice experience). Low & Behold let me explain my 2nd visit, it went a lil something like this:I entered the restaurant & because it's seat yourself I found a cozy seat on the back wall where tables to my left & right were empty. I begin to sip my FiJi (water already on the tables for purchase) & watched servers go around & around on this very unbusy day & not one checking on me or acknowledging me. I began to think I sat in a bogus section & proceeded to pack my things up to move until two groups of ppl walked in & sat at the tables next to me. As quick as they sat someone was there to serve them & greet them which prompted me to ask if there was a different server for the middle table? I was again ignored & then that was followed by the waitress asking "is there anything I cab get you" I replied "definitely I would like proper customer service as the other guest who are not of my race are receiving" she rolled her eyes up into her thin blonde head & said "would you like something to drink"? I smiled, declined & exited the restaurant to NEVER return again in LIFE not even if I'm stuck in CLT & starving as the food wasn't that tasty anyhow (I ate my 1st visit & only returned because of my phone call from the manager & the good margarita I had).
2	I would not eat here again.  I could've bought the nachos and salsa at half the price for twice the serving size at the grocery store.  Even the margaritas are not good.  And they served a pint glass. Why?  The tacos look good, but they are flavorless and bland at best. I'm irritated I wasted my money here.
3	The place was not busy.  The food was good. But, the service was slow. And, the staff seemed not to want to answer any questions. No prices on the menu for margaritas but the "one grade up from house tequila" cost $16. As my wife said "good food for an airport"
3	Stopped in for breakfast during a layover.  Compared to other airport food it's actually pretty good.  My only real complaint is that they don't have fresh eggs, come on!  All they have is "pre-beaten."
2	$12, 1 oz shots? No fucking thank you. Especially after this heartwarming encounter:  The bartender - a young woman with extensive tattoos on her arms and short black and blonde ponytails - picked a fight with a customer who's server had forgotten him and his wife in the back of the restaurant. Mr Customer tried to politely ask for his check, explaining the situation and the bartender defiantly stated that she could not help him and that he needed to pay at his table where his server had forgotten them for some time.Mr customer very patiently restated his quandary after which he bartender, without a word, stormed off into the back of the restaurant. Upon returning; she didn't even look at mr customer and proceeded to go take a drink order from another customer at the bar (this all happened on 11/29/2014 between 515pm -530pm).Mr customer ended up getting his bill and signing from some other employee at the bar.My experience was fine until the check was requested with one last beer. The Same bartender as above sat laughing with another bartender, preparing several other drinks in glasses, and doing something else right in front of me for about five minutes before she finally remembered to crack a top off a beer put it in front of me and hit a button that printed my receipt all in under 10 seconds. Way to go to pay attention to your customers.
1	Worst meal I've ever eaten at an airport and it was almost $30 for a slimey salad, chips, salsa, and something that resembled guacamole. The chips and salsa were out of a bag as another reviewer said.I really wish I saw the Jamba Juice around the corner before I ordered at this gross place.
2	Waiter Pat was great but the queso was awful. Came out and was just like a slab of melted cheese and then re hardened with a ton of grease. It was impossible to eat with my chips so I just ate the tiny cup of salsa I was given. The guy next to me had nachos with chicken and black beans that looked pretty good.
1	Have you ever wanted to have airplane food served to you IN the terminal? Then you've found the right place. Seriously though, this was the worst meal at an airport I've experienced. The service was painfully slow, the food was borderline uneatable, and it was pricey. Wish I'd read the Yelp reviews before entering the shiny exterior!
2	While having a good bit of time for a layover, we were looking to shift it into a Latin-American gear a little early before our flight to Puerto Rico out of the Charlotte airport. The tables were clean, and the server was extremely pleasant and attentive, but the food was really not the bee's knees. We had chips and salsa, with the salsa tasting pretty much like Pace (not my fave), and a triple side of quac (since the order is actually quite small our server was kind enough to combine three orders into a larger bowl). The guac was pretty flavorless, and we heard the same from our buddies that ordered the quesadilla. They did have Tecate though, and limes, and again our waiter was great and the bill wasn't a total punch in the gut since we didn't order that much. I would say if you're in a South of the Border state-of-mind at the Charlotte airport, a Tecate at Tequileria will do you right, but maybe try and spice up the food with some lime juice and/or an unmarked vile of house blended spices (like the one my mom gives me and expects me to carry around to season my food).
