4	Crap, I get to attend another concert at another venue.? all that was goin thru my mind was "the hassle of getting out and will I be alive after the concert is over?".Honestly I couldnt complain they were free tickets and I was already at the venue competing at a tournament.Decent sized venue for the "Freestyle" concert series. Comparitively speaking, this place is a breeze to get in and out for all concerts...What made it better was my section got pulled on the stage with the furious Five segment...wooo!
4	As far as arenas go this one rocks, pun intended.  Attended the Old School Explosion this past Saturday and found it to be a nice venue.  Parking is extremely convenient and there were plenty of clean restrooms.  The drinks were very much on the pricey side but which entertainment venue doesn't jack up the prices?  Enjoyed the people watching very much.  I would attend another event there if given the chance.
4	I was pretty bummed at the onset of Halloween weekend because I was planning for Hard Fest in LA, but as is par for the course, I procrastinated my way out of tickets. C and D came to the rescue with tix to Fabulous, which had mostly the same lineup, but better. What's the catch? It's in Vegas. So I call up my new favorite person in the world R and she was down for it. So whaddaya know, road trip!The show was at Orleans Arena with Deadmau5, Armin Van Buurin, MSTRKRFT, Crystal Castles, Bad Boy Bill, and more. A pretty stellar lineup. R and I were staying at the Rio with D and C, who graciously provided us with a bed to sleep in, and we met N and S for dinner before the show.The venue was nice, though we did have to venture through the casino to get there, passing by the requisite regular gamblers, grannies, weekend warriors and local weirdos on the way while getting the very obvious "these guys don't belong here" looks. Awesome.The will-call line was longish, but brisk, and security was fast and loose. R and I chatted up this young gay couple... they must've been, what, 19? Nice. Pretty soon, we were in the venue. And oh, what a venue it turned out to be. It was an intimate event: just 13,000+ electro fans and a killer lineup of dj's and bands.There was a main stage surrounded by bleachers, which was great for breaks, and a second stage outdoors. The outdoor stage was nice, though they ended up closing early because of noise complaints. Noise complaints? In Vegas? Really?Anyway, it was amazing. We danced all damn night. Good times, good music, good venue, good people. Can't get much better than that.
5	I went to Orleans Arena for a Las Vegas Wranglers ECHL hockey game. This is a fantastic arena for minor league hockey. The sight lines to the ice are all great. The seating bowl is U-shaped, which is a different twist on the usual arena.The staff at the concession stands were all friendly and speedy. The prices were the norm for event food. I got the pizza and it was pretty good and I was surprised by its size.The arena is also very clean. I couldn't find a lose piece of trash anywhere around the concourse. The cleanliness extended into the very large bathrooms as well. For smokers, there is an outdoor patio. Though I don't smoke, I still appreciate the accommodation the arena makes for its patrons.
4	Went to the midnight Wranglers hockey game last week...good crowd and very good venue...parked very close to arena 1 1/2 hours before game....very clean venue....tickets were $12.50...very reasonable and got to move from goal line to corner after 1st period....concession prices about as expensive as other arenas...circular message/ad boards like other major league arenas and big HD screen....smoking area outside has view of entire strip...I do not smoke but was able to look out from glass inside....souvenir stand did not show prices of items except for $100 hockey jersey...but I assume they were high.
4	Probably the best mid-size I've been to, and the nicest in Las Vegas, even though it is the smallest of them all. Seats about 9,000 for ice hockey. Very comfortable, REALLY clean restrooms, short concessions, the prices are average, though the tickets are often super reasonable for any event. That is what is so great about this place, we've seen everything here from hockey to basketball to arena football, great concerts, even high school graduation. They seriously do it all. Parking is easy with a garage and an outdoor lot, exit to the casino or out either side to the parking lot. If you havent been here yet, check out a Wrangler game or go see a show. Gurantee you'll like it!
4	Let's-go-Wranglers! (Clap clap--clap clap clap!)I've been here enough times that I feel more than confident putting my two cents in. I've never been to the arena for anything other than Wranglers games, but after finally visiting an NHL arena, I can now compare.First of all, parking. Parking is great. You can park outside the arena, in front of the hotel, in the parking garage, at the hotel valet, whatever you want! Sometimes, it does get gridlocked after a very busy game, which is why you might want to park at the hotel instead. We went to a game during Viva Las Vegas earlier this year and boy, was that a mistake for those events to happen at the same time. Hockey fans and rockabilly fans don't like to share (bars, parking lots, anything) and shouldn't be forced to.But back to the arena. It's fairly small, so wherever you sit, you're pretty close to the glass, unless you're in one of the fancy boxes at the top. You can get $20 seats a few rows from the glass, though, which I would prefer to an overhead view. It's much more fun to see the expressions and hear what the players and coaches are yelling. I've even taken to sitting behind the home bench so I can try to see what play the coach is writing up during time-out. Note: if you sit in the glass seats, you don't get a cupholder. This doesn't make sense to me, but I guess it's not a big enough issue to warrant new seating. The Wranglers mascot, Duke, seems to prefer the cupholder seats because they're easier to climb around on. Duke's cool.Compared to the NHL arena, this place is TINY! Trinity said it seats 9,000, which is about half of what the Honda Center can hold. Bathrooms are plentiful and although there is inevitably a line for the ladies' room, it usually goes pretty fast, even during intermission. The jumbotron is on the wall rather than hanging above the ice, which makes it impossible to see from some seating sections. Food and drinks are adequate. The nachos are disgusting, but the waffles fries are good and the pizza looks pretty good, although I haven't tried it. There are plenty of places to get alcohol: $5.50 cocktails, $5 wine, $6 or $7 beer, etc. They used to have $1 beer on Thursdays, but they've done away with it this season. :( The bartenders and guys with coolers are pretty hit or miss, service-wise. As if you're there for bar service. Regardless of the details, I'll be back to see the Wranglers play again ("Ref, you suck! Ref, you suck!")
4	Love going to Wranglers games here. Parking is awesome, every seat has a great view. The only thing I dislike but theres not much that can be done and thats the price of food and drinks.
4	Good size. It has the feeling of the bigger arenas with the closeness of a smaller local venue. I've been here for a Wrangler game, a few Rebel games, and Star Wars: In Concert. The Orleans is certainly a great home for Wranglers ice hockey. I'm not a big fan of the sport, but I had a great time when I went earlier this year.With respect to Rebel games, I'm glad they found a home-away-from-home. Each year, the UNLV Men's Basketball team is unable to play at the Thomas & Mack because of the rodeo. They used to have to play away games for a couple of weeks or more. Now they can at least host a semi-home game at the Orleans.Finally, Star Wars: In Concert was just bloody awesome. That may be more a function of the greatness of John Williams, but the arena was perfect. I got the cheaper tickets but there really wasn't a bad seat in the house.
4	went in on friday for my first hockey game. the bf LOVES hockey, and use to play. wynn employees get a discount, so we figured we'd check one out.we got there, and it was already amazing!!! we got really good seats (section 109, row f, seats 7 and 8) and all the people that worked there were awesome! one of the concessions guys saw me looking @ the rocky mountain chocolate factory booth and said "candy's dandy, but liquor's quicker!". awesome. and immediately after we went to check out what beers they had. ended up sharing a burrito (which was amazing!!!) and we grabbed a few beers. we day, ate our burrito and right before the game started i went to grab some popcorn and another beer. the only bad thing: i was standing in line, where there were clearly several open cashiers, and this douche stands next to me and says, "well ya better hurry up!!!!" and i looked at him and pointed him to a cashier. so rude!!! i would totally get it if there was only one line, but whatever.anyway, the game started and it was just so much fun!!! they introduced the starting line up for the ontario reigns, and after each players name was read, the crowd yelled "SUCKS!". and anytime wranglers were running a power play and the reigns returned to full power the crowd would yell "AND THEY STILL SUCK!!!!"all in all, a great first experience! sadly, wranglers lost this game, but i'll definitely be back for another home game :]
4	At first when I saw the Orleans Hotel & Casino from a distance, I thought "DIVE."  No way, this place is nice and a great spot to hang out for locals.  I have been here several times this week (heading back again today) and this place doesn't get old.  I come to watch the WAC Basketball Tournament games.  The stadium is decent size, and this is the first time I've been to a stadium where ALL the seats are padded, so this is a great spot to come watch a game!  I know they do all sorts of events here, so I'm sure all of them are fun.  Beers are pretty expensive though, $7 bottle/$9 premium (I think thats expensive anyway).  So yes, the Orleans (and Arena) was a great time and I'll be sure to come back!
3	Saw my first Joe Weider's Olympia show there this year!  It's a pretty big stadium, lots of seating.  If you're in the back toward the walls it's rather difficult to see someone posing on stage, but there are tv screens closer by to watch...  Of course, I would rather save $150 per ticket and just watch it on tv/internet at home if I have to resort to watching a screen.
4	I was here Friday night for the Las Vegas Invitational basketball tournament.  Parking was easy.  Nice well-kept smaller arena.  Typical food and beverage selections.  Good lines of sight.  I like it!
5	The arena is ... eh... alright for a 2nd tier vegas arena.. But ...UNLV beat #1 UNC here. How can you not think this place is amazing!!!
5	I love going to hockey games here. There's not a bad seat in the house, and the seats are more comfortable than at other stadiums I've attended. The lines for concessions are short, and the lines for the plentiful, clean bathrooms are non-existent. Great stadium!
4	I went to the Orleans Arena today to see the Lingerie Bowl IX between the Los Angeles Temptation and the Philadelphia Passion.  This arena is a perfect size for this kind of medium sized event.  There is plenty of parking between the East and West lots and the Orleans Hotel and Casino's garage.  Going to/from the casino is quite easy with the moving sidewalks, and going to any of the parking areas is a snap.The arena is kept looking new with good maintenance.  One of my favorite things to do is go out on the viewing area on the east side of the arena and just look at the Strip hotels--especially at night.  There are a number of bathrooms available in several areas.In short, this arena is certainly a great asset to Las Vegas for basketball, arena football, and special events like ice skating shows and concerts.
4	I have been to this arena for a few different events and it is the perfect size venue for a graduation or sports game. To get out of the parking lot is the only hassle and even then it could be much worst. Over this past weekend, my friends and I attended the Wranglers game versus Alaska. Even with almost 7,500 people, it was not packed. The game was easily viewed from any angle. Since we got our tickets late, we were up high, but had no issues. The concession stands are probably one of the more affordable I have seen. If you come hungry, there is no need to fear in getting bled dry. We lightly snacked before going to one of the sponsoring bars after.
4	Very clean and decently sized arena. I've been here for a Wrangler game in the past and just recently came again to watch the Lingerie Football League with Don, so I've seen both their football setup and their hockey setup. It' pretty crazy how they change out the layouts. There is a lot of seating (obviously), but the only thing I don't like is how small the steps are. It makes me feel like I'm just walking up and down the steps like a little ballerina. Other than that, I like this arena. It's very versatile, clean, never too packed, and the food/beverages aren't too expensive.
4	Have been to numerous Las Vegas Wrangler hockey games as well as other events at the Orleans Arena. I'll cut to the chase, the arena would have earned five stars, but the box office is at the front of the Orleans Hotel and is no where near where it should be. Other than that, this arena has super comfortable, larger than normal seats. On my last visit to a Wranglers game, there is a new system where you can order food at your seat and it will be delivered to you.I have been to the owners box areas at the top of the arena and the view is still good. They have a separate concession stand setup and entrance. The personal escort to the seating area is a good plus and they have been friendly each time.Exiting the arena is always easy and there is plenty of parking. I'll definitely be returning to see future events at the Orleans Arena.
5	Was built fairly recently and is a great arena. Holds only about 10,000, so every seat is good. Place was very clean, bathrooms are nice. I was there to see Hockey and was very impressed.
4	Easy to access, not a lot of confusing parking (you have your option between the garage or the street parking lot, both of which are literally right next to the Arena), and  is decently sized. Mainly hockey games and local graduations are held here. The Box Office is a little farther away from the Arena than you might expect, but there is easy access to restrooms, and the price for food and drinks is at best what they should be for an Arena (not too expensive, but not too cheap, just the way you like it!) The seating is comfortable, and when events are hosted on the bottom floor, they cover up the otherwise ice rink they use for the hockey games with black flooring that you could still feel the coldness of the ice coming from (but it's actually a nice feeling!)
4	Went to the lingerie bowl here last year and got great seats.  I liked my experience here.
4	First time to this arena and I must say that overall it was a good experience.  It was not huge, but the layout of the arena was nice, lots of seating and standing room on the floor.  There were several interesting vendors, which I thought was a nice touch to add some flavor into the concert I attended.  The drinks were approx. 6 bucks a beer, which I find pricey as you can get cheap drinks everywhere in Vegas in seems, but then again you have to consider that it is a concert setting and that's what you get.  I also want to mention that as a smoker, I thoroughly enjoyed the large balcony within close proximity of the seats, very nice!
4	Went to see the Legends play their inaugural game against the Stars of Mexico.  4000+ in a 7000-seat arena.  Great seats one row behind the Legend's bench.  Great game.  Food and drink a bit pricey, but one can't have everything.  Go Legends!!
4	I like the Orleans because its easy to get free rooms!
4	We went for the Thanksgiving Basketball tournament in 2012.Taxis: 3Easy to take a cab to the stadium. Very hard to take a cab home. After the game, the entire stadium walks from the arena, through the casino to the front casino entrance and creates one giant line. We waited 30 minutes to get a cab home - while the hotel staff kept yelling at the line to get out of the road. You would think that the staff deal with this after any game - and would prepare by having ropes up for a taxi queue.And the stadium wasn't even full!If you're not drinking, parking is very easy and free (at least it was for our tournament) - so we did this the second day.It cost $11 plus tip from the MGM Grand.Food Prices: 5Great deals on food. Hot dogs are $3, beers are $5-$7. And the quality was pretty good for a stadium.Seating: 4This is an ice hockey arena - so the seating isn't setup perfectly for basketball. But the seats were so comfy that I was able to fall asleep between tournament games. I'd sit in them again.Overall: 4Very nice small arena. I would come here again for a basketball game.
4	I came here to see Transiberian Orchestra.  The arena was easy to park at and easy to get into.  However because we had floor seats and came in on the main floor entrance, there was only 1 very small concession stand that only served beer and soda.  I noticed other people had popcorn. I asked here they got it at and they told me the 2nd floor and when I went up there, there were SEVERAL concession stands selling all sorts of stuff.  I guess I can understand that but they should still have a food stand on the main floor entrance along with at least 1 souvineer stand.  If they can't do that, then PUT SOME SIGNS UP.  They definitely lost some sales because of all the people that came in on the main floor entrance didn't know there was stuff upstairs.  The arena inside was fine, the floor seats were so packed together and you couldn't move them because they were attached to eachother.  It felt like sitting on a small plane for 2 1/2 hrs (that was the length of the show)  Although the floor seats were a good price, we would've actually had been more comfortable in one of their regular seats.
5	I've been here for Concerts, Graduations, Basketball Tourneys, and another Ball game tonight and I've always been satisfied w/this venue. It has more room than the seating at the Thomas and Mack. Which made the game tonight comfortable to watch. The selection of snacks and meals from upstairs are easy to get to and enjoy. They've got just about anything you'd expect at a Ball game!!
3	It's really perfect for what it is.  It's not a huge arena.  It doesn't have an upper deck.  Just one level and some luxury boxes above it.  The seats don't even go around the entire floor.  It's the perfect size though for the events it holds (usually Wranglers games and the occasional children's show on ice)Parking is easy.  There are always plenty of spots in the garage or on the lot to the east of the arena.  And since it's at the casino, parking is free.Food choices are a bit boring, but not too overpriced.  The normal hot dogs, beer, and nachos sort of thing.Security getting into the arena is usually very quick and they don't hassle people much.  The ushers can be a bit strict at times making sure everyone is in their assigned seats.The video board and scoreboard are on the closed end of the arena.  I sort of wish they had it in the middle hanging from the ceiling.  Not really that big of a deal though.
3	Saw a circus show. Was pretty cool. Felt like a kid again.
4	I've only been here for a Trey Songz concert but I loved the set-up. It's a big arean yet the seats are up close and personal. It's a good view from any seat.
4	Attended Bass Rush Massive here and it was pretty Awesome!
3	Was here with a couple friend on Thu/3 Oct at 7 pm for the Round 4: Knockout Cancer for Candlelighters Kids event  https://www.facebook.com/KnockoutCancerForCcandlelightersKids- Arena seemed fine.  Nothing good or bad to really say about it.  Bathrooms were clean and the staff seemed friendly.- Nice that it has a tunnel connecting it to The Orleans Hotel & Casino since it was windy that night.
5	Best place in Las Vegas . Great people kinda old school but very nice place specially tj Friday . Well I love Orleans loll love it!;)
5	Smaller type area. Every seat is great. They had aircondioning which I liked but one of my friends was cold so bring a light jacket. We went for Geico Endurocross. The venue gave out free drink tickets for after so we stayed at the casino for a couple hours after the show. Overall, great times and will hopefully see some more shows at this venue.
4	I have been to Orleans Arena for a number of different shows and occasions. The parking is convenient and much more easily accessible than many other venues in town. I've seen everything from the circus to police dog competitions to my most recent visit for Trans Soberian Orchestra and each time no matter where I sit, our view is good and acoustics are as well.So many local events are held here so I find myself here pretty often and I'm always pleased by how organized and well-equipped the venue is.
4	I Like it!The Orleans Arena is a smaller arena and less "grand" thank the MGM , the Joint and other facilities in Vegas.  Here is what I like and why it deserves a 4 star:a. Parking - Very easy and close to the venue.  Unlike the MGM and the Hard Rock / Joint, where you have to park with casino parking, the Orleans has plenty of surface parking adjacent to the entrance of the actual arena.b.  Skyboxes - The venue has sky boxes that are permanent and can be used for great entertainment and viewing of events.c.  Seating - Very nice, comfortable and good views. The only issue with it not being a 5 star is I would minus a star because the entrance is a bit tight and you can easily be exposed to the outdoors if you are parking in the outdoor parking lot.  If it is 35 degrees in Vegas, You are going to be very cold.Great place, check it out if the opportunity exists.....
5	As far as sporting or concert arenas go, this place is top notch! I have watched countless Wranglers games here and can safely say there is not a bad seat in the house. The luxury suites are superb and offer a terrific view of the game, which is not a common occurrence as most suites are typically very far up from the action on the ice, court, or field.Getting in and out of the Arena is typically a breeze with ample parking to be found at The Orleans casino. Food and beverage prices are not bad compared to other major arenas and stadiums. The staff is super friendly as well.
4	Family time at Wrangler Hockey game.  Plesantly surprised to see healthier food options like pitas, rice bowls & paninis.  The concessions people gave us extra chips because we passed on the cheese.Nice arena, clean an spacious.
2	As much as I want to give the arena a 1 star for essentially kicking the Wranglers out, I can't, that's not fair to the venue itself. This is a review for basketball/hockey events as those are the only things I've attended. The concourse is clean with a variety of food vendors to choose from. Everyone enters and exits from essentially the same south entrance where the box office is. The big detractor is the lack of a end zone on one end. It's almost like they tried to build a large theatre. Maybe this works for concerts, but it looks bad for sporting events. This place is no comparison to the Thomas & Mack and doesn't really attract a lot of huge acts. I always hate watching UNLV games here because it's general admission
4	This was my first visit to the Orleans Arena, though my husband's been here before.  Generally I'm not a fan of arenas, since I dislike the crowds, the huge walk that's always involved to get to it, the overpriced refreshments...But Orleans seemed different:  smaller, extremely well-organized, friendly personnel, a ton of accessible parking that didn't involve a 5K to get to it, refreshments that seemed much more affordable than the usual venue rip-off pricing (though we didn't partake), and a ladies' room with a huge number of stalls.I definitely won't hesitate to come back here!
4	This is very nice venue that was designed with the consumer in mind. Parking is easy and free, snacks are affordable, there are a ton of well-located bathrooms with lots of stalls, the "portal" system makes it easy to find your seat, and there are fast moving escalators to get you in and out. The arena is big so that means there are lots of "nose bleed" seats. Make sure you check the seating map when buying your ticket or you will be squinting and struggling to see. The seats are comfy but a little on the small side. Maybe I just think that because I at my last show there I was sitting next to some big guy who was an armrest hog.
5	This was my second time here at The Orleans Arena for a graduation. This place is huge! Seating is comfortable and a good view from every angle. I must say attending a graduation indoors is much appreciated especially in Vegas! I would love to come to a concert here one day.
3	I looked at reviews before I bought tickets because I wanted to know if my Granddaughter would have a good view of the show if I bought the pricier floor seats. I couldn't find anything on that so I went ahead and took a chance and bought them. Now im here to let others know the floor seats cost more but the view is much better from the upper levels. Save your money! We had our little girl between us and a 6 foot guy sat directly in front of her. We moved her over so she could see better but wanted her between us. Of course im leaning back and forth the whole time trying to see around him. Wish I would've bought upper seats. Oh well, live n learn. Hope this helps someone else.
4	Had a great time eating dinner with family for my daughters 12th birthday. The food was very good and of course we stuffed ourselves.
4	This is a great place for the Rebels to play. But they also have great events with other sports. Like hockey and college women.
5	Snuck in here and watched most of Big Bad Voodoo Daddy's set! Sounded great in there, got a sweet isle seat, and the price was perfect!!! I'd go back in a second. Great job to the sound engineer, smashing performance from the band, and a huge thank you/shout out to security for doing whatever else you were up to while I walked in and had a sweet time!!! Happy new year :)
