5	Every time I come to Vegas for a business conference, I always go to Tower's Deli to eat lunch.It's great.  They're fast and the food is really good.  My favorite order is the Tower's Reuben.  It's your pick of pastrami or roast beef on rye with thousand island dressing.  YUMMMMMMMMM!  So good, I get nothing else.  Also, their coleslaw is better than the average coleslaw.
4	What a find.  What a bargain, especially at The Venetian. A sandwich combo (any sandwich; chips, slaw or potato salad; large fountain drink...w/refills) for $10.95 + tax.  Add to the combo a (16 oz?) cup of chicken noodle soup or matzo ball soup for $1 more.  You get free bagel crisps with the soup.  I got the combo two times in two days. So much for the "value" side of the equation.Now for the food:  it was good, fresh, and homemade-tasting.  The pastrami and turkey portions were generous but not obscene (like some NY delis at other casinos.) The NY cheesecake was the real thing and only $3.50/slice (half of what Grand Lux charges for it's Cheesecake Factory made stuff!)Go to the food court and check out this place.
3	I needed to get something quick and easy and this was the place located in the food court area of the Venetian and Palazzo, I got the Sam and Emma's sandwitch. Three slice's of wheat bread (my choice) with Turkey, Roast Beef, and Pastromi! Yumm very good! oh and CAUTION soup is extremly hot so be careful!
3	This place did the job and kept us entertained. Boyfriend got the pastrami on rye, I got the Italian Stallion.The decor is very cute. Walls lined with shelves filled with cans of matzo ball soup, gefelte fish, etc. Old school Pepsi ads on the walls. I've never been to a real NYC deli, but I thought the decor was a nice touch.Food was decent for the price. My sandwich was a little bland for something so full of Italian meaty goodness. Boyfriend's pastrami was pretty good though.Only real complaint? Had to remind the lady making my sandwich to leave off the Romaine.
4	My friends just checked out of their suite and wanted to grab a quick bite before some last minute gambling so we walked to the food court. I wasn't all that hungry so I just ordered a sesame bagel w/lox and cream cheese. They give you some tomato slices and lettuce and a lot of salmon. The sandwiches that they were making for other people looked really good. I will definitely have to try one next time I'm here.
4	I was looking for some cheap good eats in the Venetian since I had to dine alone. I found this place to be perfect. I ordered the New york Sky high sandwich. It had pastrami, corned beef, turkey, coleslaw, and thousand island dressing. It was salty and a little sweet. A great deal for $8.50!
3	Slow service and small portions.  Food is good but not worth the wait.
3	The sandwiches here are huge, and they give you unlimited refills for fountain drinks (which cost less than $3). It has the feigned look of an old-school delicatessen with it's bric a brac, but whatevs, this is Vegas where everything is making some reference to other things. Really friendly staff here too.
5	I went here for a quick bite before watching Phantom of the Opera. There was plenty of sandwich choices that made it hard for me to decide which one I wanted. In the end, i chose the "New York Sky-High," which had its own poster plastered on the glass window! (duh, obvious choice?!)You get to choose the type of  sandwich bread you want (white, whole grain..toasted, not toasted..etc); comes with a generous amount of hot pastrami (well seasoned-salted/peppered), layers of cold turkey meat, creamy cold slaw, and tangy Thousand Island dressing. The combination of the whole sandwich was divine! I still dream about it till today! The sandwich was very generous with its meats (piled up so high!) that when I bite into it, it gets all over my checks (annoying, but yet so worth it!!) The sandwich was salty, creamy, light, cold, hot, tangy..ugh, so good!!! This place is small and the decor is retro--similar to  Johnny's Rockets (but not as bright). The NY Sky High sandwich is $8.50. Its kind of a lot just for one sandwich (bread size is slightly bigger than Orolwheat's), but you just have to try it at least once. And for $3, you can get a fountain drink (w/ free refills).
4	Went in here not expecting much since this Jewish deli is located in a food court. I kept looking to see if they microwaved the pastrami (feh!) instead of steaming it. But the garlicky aromas wafting through the restaurant were not deceiving. The pastrami and matzo ball soup were actually really good! I couldn't find any microwave. I'll come here again after my next gondola ride!
3	Who are you trying to be, Katz Delicatessen? While it was impossible to find the buffet at the Venetian for breakfast, we gave in and tried this deli for a quick breakfast. It really was like a delicatessen, one of those places you find in the middle of Midtown.I didn't even bother getting the pastrami sandwich, knowing it's just a quick bite and just grabbing a bagel. A bagel is a bagel, nothing more.
4	If you are at the Venetian and/or Palazzo, and want to have some semblance of a non-Vegas buffet, you need to find this place in the Venetian Streets food court area.  Sandwiches were huge, freshly made, and yes could be mistaken for pretty good deli food.  A good selection of breads, and you can grab a beer with that food.  A great spot to hold you over between lunch and that late dinner you have planned later in the evening.
4	ended up eating here twice on our stay at the venetian just because the price was right, and it tasted good, along with good sized sandwiches.  the sandwiches were very similar to backstage deli at the luxor (read my review).  the staff here was nice, still offered to make me a sandwich when we went in and they were closing.  but i like it lot and would go back again if i was in the food court
4	Tower Deli at the Venetian is kinda unique. You wouldn't really expect a New York Style Deli in Las Vegas. However, you will find it here at the Venetian Food Court. For one thing, it is a change of pace from the usual Cheeseburger and Chinese Take-out restaurants that middle class Vegas tourists usually get during lunch or dinner. Towers Deli sandwiches were very nice. The portions are given by the employees were huge. I had the Pastrami Sandwich, and it was very satisfying. The pastrami was warm and quite delicious. They also make various other sandwiches, and also some other delicatessen  dishes that you would find in a New York deli. Great deli, would come back again!
4	Definitely a great find inside the Venetian/Palazzo resorts.At times it might seem impossible to just grab a quick, light, and fairly inexpensive meal inside these casino resorts.  But, inside the food court there are a couple options outside of the normal pizza, burgers and chinese.Towers Deli is clean, spacious and inviting.  There are plenty of options and each sandwich is made to order, so everyone should be able to get something they like.  The prices are good, but when you compare to the other options you have I'd say they are pretty great for what you're getting.  The sandwiches are HUGE and delicious.  I almost regret getting a bag of chips as well.Next time we're at the Palazzo, we'll definitely stop by the Towers Deli for lunch again.
2	RUDE and SLOWWW service.  Had the tuna sandwich on wheat twice while we stayed at the Venetian and it was pretty good.  Nothing special, but A-OK.  It was decently sized and it also came with a pickle and small coleslaw.  The first time we came, the cashier was super nice.  We asked for cups of water and he gave us free bottled waters!  The second time we came, we had a horrible experience!  The cashier was super rude.  We thought the water would be free like the previous day, but it was like $2.50, so we said no thanks to the water.  The lady was super annoyed and rude at the fact that we didn't want the waters.  We then had to wait for the manager to come and remove the waters from the tab, which took forever!  3 stars for the sandwich, but I had to take away a star for the rude cashier and the wait.
4	I had the Reuben and a bottled drink which I want to say was about $12. The Reuben   was warm and delicious and looked a heck of a lot more appetizing than my dining companions' Chinese food.The place is clean and the employees were great. I picked Towers because the food in the Food Court looked old and tired sitting in the pans at 10pm. So I opted for a freshly made sandwich at Towers.
4	Ginormous sandwich, loaded with meat and cheese, a side, and a drink was about $11 using a 20% off ACG coupon I had.  No complaints here.  Very good and very filling.
2	Save your money. The food here is way over priced and not worth it. 4 dollars extra to add a piece of chicken the texture of shoe leather to a brown at the edges salad. I remembered why I hadn't ate here in years despite working at the Venetian often. I had a sandwich last time and was similarly disappointed.
4	Pretty good food. I had the egg salad sandwich. It was HUGE and I could only eat half of it and had to toss the rest (no fridge in the room) but what I did get through was pretty good. A little pricey but it's Vegas. We showed up around lunch time and there wasn't much of a line. The restaurant looked clean, brightly lit with a bunch of New York style tchotchkes and things around, shelves of Matzoh ball mix, etc. Good for a quick lunch. Nasrin was the cashier that day and very nice. If you happen to come in with a case of the hiccups, she'll give you suggestions on how to get rid of them.
5	My hubby and I stayed at the Venetian for a week.  One day, we checked out the food court and decided  on this deli.  I had the  New Yorker, which had pastrami, turkey, brisket with slaw and thousand island and a small pickle on the side.  Runs about $9. It was a triple decker sandwhich, piled high with meat.   It was delicious.  It was warm, moist and flavorful, and the pastrami was not salty.   It was the best sandwich I ever ate.  I  was stuffed.  It was so good, we decided to visit again later in the week for a late night snack.  The price was decent considering its inside a casino.  We wanted to grab a sandwich for the early drive home but unfortunate for us, they didn't open till 10a.m.  We will make a point to stop by Towers Deli whenever we are in Vegas.  You got to try it!
5	High quality meat piled high on warm bread... delicious! This is a great option compared with most of the fast food centered food court restaurants. I would definitely come back.
4	My husband and I just stayed at the Venetian and went to the food court and I tried this deli and was very satisfied.  I have not had hot pastrami in years and the sandwich I got was delicious.  Not expensive and came with cole slaw (which I did not expect) and pickle.  Glad we tried this deli.
4	Fast service, good sandwiches and the potato salad was yummy. The coleslaw wasn't good but I don't care for it to begin with. Staff was friendly and the sandwich was big, well worth the money and go for the combo it's the best deal.
3	I was in that bad place that we all find ourselves in while in Vegas - hungry at 9:45pm, but not wanting a buffet or sit-down time-sink and resulting food crash before hitting the tables.  We were at The Venetian, so I figured the food court would be just the ticket.  Wife got a pizza, but I wanted something more substantial - Towers Deli looked like the spot.I wandered in, drawn by the photos of massive sandwiches, and ordered what had to be awesome - the Italian Stallion.   Advertised as a plethora of Italian meats and cheese, with a walnut pesto spread on ciabatta, I ditched the ciabatta for rye and added spicy brown mustard - and was expecting a sandwich that lived up to its name.  That didn't happen.What I got was a smallish looking deal, with thin layers of meat.  Frankly, I was pissed, and promptly went and ordered something else from Nathan's to supplement the meager looking sandwich.  I warned my wife that a vicious Yelp review was forthcoming, and sat down in a surly storm of indignation to eat my $11 tea sandwich.I took a bite, fully expecting to be disappointed, when the flavors hit.This was a fantastic-tasting sandwich.  I cannot emphasize that enough.  The meats were excellent, seriously top quality and each variety standing on its own.  If you want good deli, hit Towers Deli, but order two sandwiches if you're hungry.Towers Deli would get 5 stars if they made a deli sandwich like NY makes a deli sandwich - tall, meaty, filling and deeply satisfying.  Towers has the quality and taste down, they just need to adjust the quantity.
