5	I've just had my first "fill", 4 weeks after getting a full set of eyelash extensions from Jaime.First, I must say that Jaime did a beautiful job on both occasions - I love how my new lashes look, and the overall effect is so great that I don't even feel a need to wear any makeup.  I've never gotten my lashes to look this good (or long, or full) even after years of using lash-lengtheners and tons of volumizing and lengthening mascara. Even my boyfriend says they look terrific!The experience was very relaxing.....basically you just relax on a spa table (the kind you'd recline on if you're having a facial done), and keep your eyes closed for about 90 minutes (for a full set) or about an hour (for a fill), while Jaime does her magic.  I even enjoyed listening to the music she had on her playlist.I was impressed with how long they've lasted (how few have fallen out as my normal lashes get to the end of their life cycle)....even after 4 weeks I had more than half of them left, and they still looked good - more like my lashes normally would but a bit longer.  However, I do make the effort to take good care of them, following the do's and don'ts carefully, which I'm sure helps them to last longer.One thing to think about if you're considering getting this done is the lash color - and whether or not you normally wear mascara and whether that mascara is black or brown. The lash extensions do come in black and shades of brown, so you'll want to discuss this with Jaime beforehand.  You don't need to wear mascara at all with the lash extensions, so you should think about getting them in a color that matches the mascara you would ordinarily put on in the morning (if you wear it) or is just a bit darker than your normal lash color (if you don't).Overall I'm extremely happy with my extensions and with the job Jaime did, and the price was very reasonable.   I may not keep this up forever, but I would definitely do this again before a special occasion or a vacation.
5	Jaime did a great job with my lashes - she is very knowledgeable and skilled and took not so great lashes and turned it into a masterpiece.  She is a perfectionist and listens to what her client wants.  I love my lashes and highly recommend her!
5	I have had lashes put on in the past and had been very disappointed.  I was skeptical to get lash extensions.  I am very pleased with the outcome this time.  My lashes look great.  I have had them on now for two months and just had my second refill.  She is very reasonably priced and did a fantastic job.
