2	I have received poor service from this KFC location many times. Ranging from no napkins at the drive-thru (a big pet peeve of mine!), old and/or overdone food to receiving food that I didn't order, and not getting what I DID order!Today I asked for "extra" lettuce on my Twister Wrap with the hopes that I would actually get a decent amount of lettuce. When I got back to the office and opened it, there was not a single shread of lettuce - not even a rogue piece that could have been rolled into the wrap from the counter. (I know... gross!)$3.50 for 1 tortilla with 2 chicken strips, 2 very small slices of tomato and a little pepper sauce - I can do this (and much better) at home!!!
1	I just sat for nearly 15 minutes at the drive through & started with 3 cars in front of me  who had already ordered! I finally left when the car in front of me made it to the drive up window and sat for another 4 minutes before they took their money. Ridiculous they are that slow.  I ended up going to Arby's & got served right away. I'll never go back to this KFC!
1	I remember enjoying eating at an A&W one time I tried it, but this experience was nothing like that one.First, I was in a large group. We could immediately tell this threw them off, but rather than handling it well they took 15-25 minutes for every order and most were done sloppily.My fries and large root beer float took 12 minutes from the time stamp on my receipt. Not a single apology.The fries had a stale chemical taste. The root beer float was abysmal. The ice cream was so gritty that I couldn't even drink half of it, despite my love for root beer floats.After finishing my fries, I noticed a small bug walking across the wrapper.I probably won't be in this area again, but this has deterred me from A&Ws in general. Terrible.
1	Amazingly, worse than I expected. Only 3 people on staff at 1 pm, which I would assume would be a busy time. And even though my coworker and I were the only people in line, it took a solid 4 minutes before they even took my order. I got my drink cup, and immediately decided not to use it, because the soda machine was caked in what was clearly a few days worth of filth. My food was fine, but the way it was handled was alarming. An employee went from emptying the trash to ringing me up, and them handed me my food, all without bothering to wash his hands. Frightening.
4	Wow such negative reviews! I had a good experience here on both drive thru and walk in. Several employees on staff, clean and fast service.
1	Seriously. Worst. KFC. Ever. I hate chain restaurants. Especially fast food. My boys love KFC and on nights that we're running around crazy, I give them quick and easy food. Every time I've been here, I've been unsatisfied. My last experience here was my worst. Waited in the drive thru for 20 minutes as the only car. If it were only me, I would have laughed and drove away. Since my kiddos had their hearts set on this crap chicken, I felt obligated to stay. After an eternity of waiting, it was cold and our order was all fuckered up. There was only one table inside and we were the only car in the drive-thru. That was it. Certainly not convenient, cheap, or tasty. The employees have all been some serious twats also. I don't believe any positive reviews came from actual customers.
