4	Logans is a dive. A pretty freakin' sweet dive. Service is quick. This place doesn't usually fill up, so you never have to wait too long for a drink. Smoking allowed, cards accepted.The most interesting man in the world is your server.People are.. interesting. Odd characters seem to flock here.. like myself. I come alone and sit at the bar, and alternate looking busy texting people to avoid eye contact, and people watching. Pool, darts.Jukebox is okay, but seriously, no Nas? That's kinda wild. There is pretty much everything else, though.Bathrooms are generally kept up pretty well for a dive bar. If the clientele here doesn't keep you entertained, you can always pop over next door to Chiefs. That place is a whole 'nother level of interesting.
4	Great local bar! The bartenders are so nice and friendly. They had a great New Years Eve Party and served everyone Champagne at midnight.There's always a mixed crowd-- It's really always different. Sometimes there are only college kids.. There was also a time that I was the only person there under 50. No one gets rowdy at Logan's....if they were armed and dangerous, they'd be at Chiefs I choose to come here & I've brought my friends from out of town here. We enjoy the drinks, pool, darts, and music on their juke box. Give it a shot.
4	Just moved to the neighborhood and was looking for a place to watch football. A lot of people are classifying this place as a dive bar, but I think what they mean is "not a sports bar or a brew pub." In my mind, at least, "dive bar" describes a whole different class of place. Logan's is just a bar.It was clean, the beers were cheap and the bartender (Mike) was friendly and helpful. Smoking is allowed (as it should be). They don't serve food themselves, but have a big selection of menus from local restaurants behind the bar if you ask for it.It was extremely quiet, especially for a game day, but the 5 or so other people I met were pleasant and fun. The regulars seem to all be in a fantasy league together, which makes for entertaining conversation.
2	Logan's has a very eclectic clientele consisting of college students from Oakland, folks from the Hill District, and yinzers from elsewhere. Unfortunately, this mix was rather offsetting because all of the patrons didn't mind their own business.In terms of tap selection, Logan's had only one craft option and it was terribly flat.There is entertainment available including billiard tables and plenty of TVs; there was even a stage in the back room which was not being utilized (in fact, the entire back room was completely unutilized).My guess is that Logan's has seen better days. It has a nice staff, and I hope such days are not exclusive to the past; that is. I liked to see a 'happening' Logan's.
