4	this place has been open at least since last October and still no yelps?  It's good!  Try the pork adobo or whatever else is recommended by the friendly staff.Do NOT order the teriaki chicken (well, or the spam, I guess).  Don't say I didn't warn you.
5	This place is amazing! I tried the Local Plate and it was delightful! They have a variety of dishes, really feeling and affordable. Can't go wrong with the mac salad, it was delicious! The ambience was nice and relaxing. A great place to stop by with your friends. The staff was really nice and knew the menu. I wish there was one in SoCal.
4	I go here every day after class for my usual of kalbi ribs, spam musubi, and lumpia. The food is good here and the portions are equal to the price.  Spam musubi is $1.99 each, kalbi ribs are $7.99, and lumpia are $2.99 for 6.  Overall it's a clean restaurant, has good Hawaiian/Filipino food, and great customer service.  I highly recommend because as I said it keeps me coming back at least 2-3 times a week.
1	My husband and I went to get dinner here because it was still open at 9pm, but on retrospect it was a bad idea. To start, the dish we ordered was way too salty. We ordered a pulled pork dish with cabbage that was basically lathered in soy sauce. The thing that really bothered us was when we told the server that the dish was too salty, she just looked at us and told us there was nothing she could do about it because her boss made it that morning.  Basically if you want salty pulled pork that will raise your blood pressure, this is the place to go.
5	Best kalbi ribs in da valley. Their adobo fried rice is ono too.
4	Aloha Kitchen is great Hawaiian food at a great price! I got a Local Plate for a little over $8, it had Terriaki chicken and beef, 2 Spam Masubi's and Mac salad mmmmm goooddd ;) I think this is a newer location and not many people are here when I go but spread the word if you want Hawaiian food in the Sunset Station area! Its well worth it :)
1	My wife and I decided to head out to the Galleria Mall today and visit Best Buy and Costco.  We were there early and the stores were not open yet.  So, we decided to grab a brunch.  As we drove around looking for a place to eat, we noticed a small restaurant located on a strip outside of the Sunset Casino ~ the Alohoa Kitchen.  We figure it was a mom/pop kinda restaurant and thought it would be good to try and dine here.Here is the good.  As you walk in, it is pretty clean and spacious.  It has a "Tiki" type built to it.  Pretty cool.  Also, from the menu offering, everything was reasonably priced ~ about $8-10 per plate.Now, the bad... no customers were in the restaurant (bad sign).  I ordered the Teriyaki Chicken with rice.  And, my wife ordered the Ribs with rice.  It was served on a styro-foam plate with soft utensils.Oh my, okay... breathe... while eating the rice, it was like grinding pebbles.  I had to turn to my wife and tell her that we are in Bedrock.  Call me Fred Flintstones and her Wilma.  We needed Bam Bam to hammer the rice and make it edible.  Note to the cook:  How to cook rice... Pour rice into rice cooking pot, ADD WATER (I think this step was seriously missed), make sure you measure at least a 1/3 index finger size of water at the top, press cook, and wait for 30 minutes for beep.  Damn!  How hard is it to cook rice man!  I know we live in Las Vegas, it is in a desert, and we need to conserve water; but dog, just sacrifice and add a cup of water to your rice.  As for the Teriyaki chicken, I think they served me "yesterday's" chicken.  It tasted like "over-nuked" chicken.  Extremely rubbery and very tasteless.  In order to hide this deficiency, the cook LATHERED the chicken in Teriyaki sauce.  The end result:  It looked and tasted like eating Molasses with uncooked rice.  yuck, yuck and ga-zillion yuck.I ate 3 spoonful too many.As for my wife's Ribs, it was tough as hell.  Again, it was obviously nuked.Of note, there are people in the world who think they can cook, who are good cooks, who can open a restaurant, and survive...And, then, there are owners like the Aloha Kitchen, who think they can cook, who have no clue how bad their food is, who still ends up opening a restaurant, and who probably would not survive.Finally, I would not recommend this place.  We definitely will NOT return.  For two of us, with drinks, and tip, it amounted to $24.  Honestly, a better deal would be to go to Chili's -- have a decent appetizer and 2 entrees for $20.... I wished we can rate this a ZERO or negative star...
2	This place is the very essence of 2-stars.The only attribute that could be awarded 3 stars would be the decor.The plates were chipped, didn't feel clean. The food was mediocre. The service was anything but friendly.I can think of no reason to go back, even for a cheap teriyaki bowl. I figure if the more expensive dishes are lacking, the cheap dishes will be downright frightful.For lunch on a weekend it was nearly empty; two tables occupied in a sea of vacancy.
3	Food was good, and is a nice clean place, however the decor is very touristy and not very local to Hawaii
2	In relationships, sometimes the call of duty includes trying new things, such as ethnic foods. Although some might not consider Hawaiian foods as being "ethnic" this picky eater certainly does. With all foreign foods my only requirement is to have what I like to call, "distinguishable meats". This means, if I ask if the chicken is all white meat and they say "yes", I expect as well as look forward to distinguishable white meat chicken. Perhaps in foreign lands, and on deserted islands "white meat" could potentially have various meanings? I'm not sure, just trying to wrap my brain around what part of the animal I had my lips wrapped around this afternoon..much to my disappointment, it was NOT white meat chicken served in their teriyake chicken dish. Most folks that have an eclectic pallet aren't particular when it comes to the shades and textures of their chicken (or even meat in general), but I'm huge on knowing or having an educated guess as to what I'm eating. My better half enjoyed the food so that made me happy to hear, but as for myself, a return trip will most likely not be in the cards. How disappointing, two less than par meals in a row.. Suggestion: Aloha Kitchen personnel, lets work on learning the menu and adjusting to what the "main land" considers white meat chicken.
1	Horrible, just horrible. The one closer to my house is muuch better. (Charleston and Lamb) I was there at around 6:30 on a Wednesday, and i was the only person in the place. It does have cute decor- it's all bamboo'ed out and has tropical plants everywhere. I ordered 2 different combo plates to go from the snotty guy at the register, and the  food was ready pretty quickly. But it was really disappointing. The chicken Katsu was the best part, but how do you mess that up,right? The teri chicken was very funky and gross (i was worried that it was going bad,it was so funky), and the pork-with-cabbage (i forget what it's called) was weird too. that is usually our favorite, so i was pretty sad. The worst part? My macaroni salad was in teeny little styrofoam cups (What!) and was soo gross. I will never go to this Aloha again!
2	I have given this place a try quite a few times during the past few years. I was just here as last resort because the other places in the area were closed on Sundays. It's not that I expect friendly service from the person working at the counter but when your place is named "Aloha" Kitchen, you'd think someone can crack a smile and say hi when they take your order.  It's just not one time, it's consistently like this, no greeting at all!   The food is alright, I do give credit that they plate the food attractively, but they rely too much on drowning their meats in sauce for flavor instead of seasoning and marinating it.  The slices of beef that did have no sauce were a little dry & tasteless.  The manapua I ordered was a store bought brand and the dough was a bit tough. (like they left it cooking in the microwave a little too long) . That's probably why you get your food real quick!! It's already been prepared all they do is reheat it!  There are at least 3 other places that serve up better Hawaiian & Filipino food in the area so aloha, Aloha Kitchen.
4	Located on Sunset right across the street from the Galleria Mall. It sits in the same parking lot as Sunset Station.Parking directly in front of restaurant and easy access.Came for late night Hawaiian food right before they closed at 10pm. I was thinking no way they'll have my kalbi right before close. But yeah my sistas got me covered.The kalbi was perfectly cooked, flavor great and of course my Mac salad, 2 scoops of rice and side of kimchee. Everything was perfect except the kimchee was medium cuz I'm not crazy about the kimchee here. But gotta have it. I LOVE KIMCHEEService was fast and friendly island style.I only wish they were open later. Prices really reasonable.
2	Service was mediocre at best. Food presentation was excellent although the cook must not know that teriyaki is a marinade instead of a topping. Chicken was the same but at least they use real chicken instead of precooked like some others. Atmosphere seemed Hawaiian when we walked in right up to when they had the local hip-hop station playing instead of one of the many Hawaiian radio stations available online for free. Prices were about right and I would go back if the other Hawaiian places were packed. No smiles, no Aloha feeling...
2	We stopped here for a quick lunch after doing some errands and shopping. The restaurants was pretty empty with two other patrons there besides us. The restaurant was clean and well kept, and the decor was much more subdued and classier than some of the other Hawaiian restaurants in town. We ordered two different combination plates with two scoops of rice and one scoop of macaroni salad. The chicken was thin and dry, and unfortunately the highlight of the meal. I couldn't stomach the beef as it had a very distinct, off putting, odor to it. The pork was also dry and had an off putting smell. I did not want to chance a food poisoning so I just ate the chicken and rice. The macaroni salad tasted like it had been marinaded in a cleaning solution. The price is fair for the amount of food you get, but in this case I would opt for quality over quantity. I don't plan on coming back.
4	Another one of my recent Hawaiian food finds, this one, like many other Hawaiian restaurants around town, comes equipped with your standard foods and pleasant service (Why are Hawaiians so dang happy and friendly all the time? Clearly it's the food.).There's two big differences about Aloha Kitchen that make it one of my preferred Hawaiian places:1.) The inside is actually a really nice place to sit and enjoy a meal. You can take out if you want, but if you aren't in a rush, you can sit and relax a spell in a nice, clean, comfortable (albeit small) dining area, and enjoy your food at your own pace. Some Hawaiian places feel like they're being run out of a box, and that's fine when doing take-out or delivery, but sometimes you want to stay and enjoy the food right from the kitchen.AndB.) There's something about the mahi-mahi here. It's amazeballs. Now, I'm not a big judge on authenticity, I've never been to Hawaii, I don't know how the locals make it, but I'm a big fan of their food and eye candy, and in both I know what tastes I like. (Heyooooo...) So while other places fry their mahi-mahi (and that's tasty, don't get me wrong, me and fried are best buddies), Aloha Kitchen uses, like, this egg batter, then kinda flash-fries it. It's hard to explain, but it's SO GOOD. You get the mahi-mahi, and you're like, "Hey, Aloha Kitchen, you can't fool me! I ordered fish, not an omelete!" It seriously looks like you ordered an omelete, but you bite in and it's delicious Hawaiian fish that's A-Mahi-Mahi-MAZING.("A-Mahi-Mahi-MAZING" trademark 2012 R. Bates, Inc.)I seriously can't describe it any better than that. It just has to be tasted. So go taste some Aloha Kitchen. Then eat it, because just licking things is weird and probably unsanitary.
4	Polite, friendly, helpful service. Restrooms & tables were clean. I enjoyed the food. Will return!
2	I love Aloha Kitchen been going to them for years, so thinking this place would be the same I was wrong. First thing I noticed was the smell, Smelled like rotten eggs not just the first time but every time I go there. The food is the only thing that taste ok. Service is not the best but I can stand it for now.
4	I have been going to Aloha Kitchen for about 3 years now, and have always had great food and great service.  Their lumpia are awesome, all nice and crispy, and the pork shu mai are little dumplings from heaven, but sadly they stopped serving them at the Henderson location.  Pork Adobo may be one of my all-time favorite things to eat, and Aloha's is spot-on, so moist and tender!  The Kalua pig is fantastic, and so is the garlic chicken. The katsu is never greasy, and they don't skimp on the sauces. If you don't like mac salad don't worry, you can have kimchee instead! I actually used to go to L&L all the time, until a racist person working behind the counter discriminated against me because of the color of my skin, so I refuse to frequent their business again.  So I am glad I turned to Aloha Kitchen. The staff at Aloha is always nice and cheerful, and they actually bring you out your food!  I'm moving to Florida in June, and am definitely going to miss this place...:( If you like your Hawaiian food with more of a Filipino flair, and great service, then Aloha Kitchen is the place for you!  Mahalo!
3	Better than LNL Las Vegas that is for sure
3	So it's been a year since I stepped foot in here and this time it was more pleasant as far as service.  Huge improvement in fact.  The guy working that evening was really cool and helpful.  They had some special deals on their menu.  $6.99 for 5 bbq pork sticks 2 scoops of rice (which I passed up on) and mac salad. The bbq pork taste wise was good, meat marinated throughout, just the cut of meat wasn't the best, so the texture was more on the tough side. But I'm still open to trying out other menu items next time.
4	Don't believe the other reviews about going up the street to the other place.. The quality of the meats at Aloha is quite a bit better.
4	I have eaten at this restaurant multiple times and have not been disappointed yet. I typically order the student special ($5 chicken teriyaki and a drink) but the rest of the menu is fantastic as well.From the Kalua pig to the spam musubi, the food is flavorful and filling. The prices are reasonable and the amount of food you receive makes for wonderful next day leftovers.This is one of those restaurants that after eating I always ask myself: "why don't I go here more often?" Good prices and even better food, I couldn't ask for more out of a restaurant.
1	Ate there yesterday with my sister. We both shared a bowl of saimen with BBQ pork in it. After we ate it we both started to get an itchy feeling in the back of our throat and I started to get bumps on my lips. We are both allergic to shellfish. My sister then asked if they put any shrimp in the broth, they said yes. Aloha kitchen you can kill people who are allergic to shellfish and other seafood, you need to place warning on your menu!
4	Service was average. The food is okay, nothing mind blowing...their best food is the Kalbi and the Saimin!
4	As many times as I come here, I can't believe I've never done a review yet!  I thought I made one months ago, but I guess I was wrong!!  Tonight I came by as I always tend to do when I'm ready to cheat and have a delicious meal that reminds me of back home.   This location, is literally a few blocks away from my house and super convenient...super bad combo if you're looking to lose weight!This location is in a strip mall along with businesses like Thelma's, Rubios and GNC.  It's in the northeast part of the Sunset Station parking lot and across the street from Walmart.  When you enter the location, you feel like you've stepped back into a Hawaiian oasis.  Well, at least what outsiders envision Hawaii to be!  Thatched looking huts that drape over the tables, pictures of leaves and flora adorn the inside.  I actually like the details.  Really helps pull in the theme and type of food you're about to eat.  The staff is usually friendly and nice. I really enjoy Judith.  She's been behind the counter for years and always remembers my name.  She's super enjoyable to talk to and super attentive.  For dinner, I got the Aloha plate for $7.99 and (2) spam musubis for $1.99 each.  As you may know, spam musubis are rectangular sushi cakes, rice and spam, wrapped in nori, or seaweed.  Aloha Kitchen dresses the spam up with teriyaki sauce.  The spam was fried perfectly, little crispy, the teriyaki sauce was sweet and tangy, bringing a pleasant and flavorful experience with each bite!  To me though, the rice tonight was a little too sticky which means they probably put too much water when cooking it.  I'd prefer my sticky rice a little dryer than what I tasted.  The glue that held this snack in was the nori, super crunchy and gave a little sea taste to the musubi.  Super good!  The Aloha Plate comes with two scoops of rice, chicken katsu, teriyaki chicken and teriyaki beef.  I always enjoy this meal!  The chicken katsu is breaded with panko bread crumbs and fried:  super crunchy and flavorful!  The teriyaki chicken and beef were both excellent.  One thing though.  I think it might be too much teriyaki in one place.  I hope it evolves someday to include another type of dish to break up the teriyaki.  Could be a little overwhelming at times as of right now.  All in all, I love this place.  The service is on point, fast and friendly.  The food for the most part is delicious and makes me wanting more!  It won't be too hard.  I live super close!  If you're in the area, go tell Judith Rockne says hi!  Then check out their delicious food.
3	Food:- Chicken katsu was as good as home (Hawaii). Sauce was pure katsu sauce.  - Hawaiian plate: Kalua pig with cabbage was flavorful but the Laulau was bland. Mac salad was ono.  - Saimin was alright, not a fan of its char sui. Customer service:Got my order wrong and did not apologize. I actually apologized to her for having to take my food back.  Location:Lots of parking, clean and cool ambience.Would I go back?If there's no other place for great chicken katsu and Mac salad then yes.
1	Went here and ordered the kahlua pork. I should of sent it back immediately but suffered thru it. There was so much water on my dish that my rice and macaroni salad turned soupy. When I asked for teryaki sauce they charged me $.27 for it. The combo plate was not much better. Over $26.00 for "slop". Very disappointing. I will not return!
1	We had the Chicken Katsu and Kalbi and it was ok...until about an hour later, all 6 of us that ate the Chicken Katsu had MAJOR stomach issues the rest of the day!  Probably will not go back here again...Chicken was under cooked...
2	I ordered mahi mahi and it was basically a fish omelette. The egg batter overpowers the fish.
3	Aloha Kitchen. I would say my number one issue with you, is consistency. One day, everything is stellar and my food is A+. Then, the next day, the service is just ok, my chicken is dry and my lumpia is still sitting on the counter when I leave. I love this place, and it works when I want something island style, or a quick miso soup. But I have also gone and been so mad. A couple things I love- The BBQ chicken, the lumpia, the mac salad, the miso soup.Not too fond of the teriyaki beef, or any of the pork. Overall I think they should be using a higher quality of meat and the textures wouldn't vary as much. Also, I know a lot of the staff is family and been there a very long time. But that doesn't give you the right to not smile or have good service. Especially when a solid half of the employees are wonderful. If you have a great experience once, it sets a tone. I always come back to this place, because its decent priced, not horrible for you, and convenient. I just wish they'd step it up a notch.
4	I always in the Kalbi Plate with Kim Chi. Chicken Katsu has too much breading on it. And I don't care for there style of bbq chicken grill chicken with bbq or teriyaki sauce put on it.
1	Freezer burnt lumpia, nasty Mac salad, I was so disappointed after a 20 minute wait for my food. Surely if they were going to throw everything in the microwave it should have been faster considering there was no other customers there. Booooo!
1	Slow service the food um just low ok. If you are going to Teriyaki please don't. Chicken, Beef , sauce really just stop not Teriyaki this only gives Teriyaki a bad name and if no one think so go to seattle and try there teriyaki you will say holly Shi!!!!. Sorry only want good food not bad. And if you think this is good than your adventures haven't taken you far or tast buds are shot.
3	The only thing I get here is the kalbi plate with kimchee which is the best kalbi ever in my opinion because the short ribs are cut thinly and not fatty and cooked perfectly. But everything else I've ever ordered is disappointing. I definitely do not like their BBQ chicken or their teriyaki sauce. The kimchee is just ok. Taste like it's from a jar. The macaroni salad is decent. All in all I would eat here a lot more often if other items on menu were up to par. The kalbi plate comes with white rice and either a scoop of macaroni salad or kimchee. The last time I went I got the usual kalbi plate and didn't want the rice bc I wanted to eat it with brown rice at home. So I ordered it without rice and asked if I could get kimchee and macaroni salad, but the cashier said I have to pay extra for the kimchee. I said can't it substitute for the rice? No he said. Oh well. No biggee. :/
4	Hawaiian and Filipino foods. First, the adobo omelette !!! Very good!!! Adobo pork mixed with rice and then made into a huge omelette. Topsilog (marinated beef with garlic fried rice & 2 eggs. Portuguese sausilog is good too. Freshly cooked lumpia !! Yum yum!!! Good food and reasonable. Friendly staff with Hawaiian theme decor
2	I ordered the Tempura Combo...comes with Teriyaki Chicken, 2 Shrimp Tempura, a Tempura Vegetable patty sort of thing, 2 scoops of rice and 1 scoop mac salad. The Veg Tempura patty thing was way greasy and still had some uncooked batter spots, the shrimp was okay but I've had better at least they weren't greasy. The Teri Chicken was just meh, it was edible but really didn't have much taste. The mac salad was very ordinary, not like other Hawaiian restaurants where the mac salad is addictive. The rice was rice. I've been to another Aloha Kitchen in the SW part of town and loved it but this one is not even close. I doubt I'll go back especially since Ross J's and L&L are so close.
3	One day food is great the next time I go it's mediocre some days they give plenty others I walk out still hungry food ok most of the time but slow this one is super clean and friendly but really they need to hire real Hawaiians or People from Hawaiian to get the full experience prices high for the area and amount of food u get I recommend not getting the hamburger steak tastes like frozen patties but try the katsu and the tempura the last time I went I could squeeze out the oil it was pretty gross
5	AK hits the spot every time! I normally drop in for lunch once a week. I usually get the chicken curry, loco moco, kalbi beef ribs or the chicken wings. The chicken curry is delicious but it's more like a stew with a heaping of potatoes and not enough chicken imo.  The loco moco is the best I've had outside of home cooking. And you can never go wrong with the kalbi here. Not a lot of fat on the bone, but just enough to give the beef that nice flavor. Those kalbi ribs make me want to slap somebody's mama because they're delicious.
4	First time ordering for myself and my finicky hubby.....WOW, it was all so good.  The beef, short ribs, chicken , scallops, mac salad, rice and the crispy cabbage. And the portions were great especially for the really great prices.We order take out 1-2 times a week and we will order from here again.Oh, and the delivery was 25 minutes sooner than quoted!
4	Their Kahlua Pork was really good.  I brought it back to work and everyone who passed by my office asked what I was eating and where I got it from.  It's a pity they don't offer discounts to CSN Students and employees; they would make a killer!  I'm coming back!
5	This place is awesome! I've been here several times and each time there has been wonderful food and service. I always get the BBQ chicken but I have tried several other things that other people in my party have gotten and generally it is great! There Macaroni salad that comes on the side is very delicious as well. Overall the workers here are very friendly and nice. It is a great place to go for lunch or dinner.
2	Food is good but service is horrible Called in our order still waited 35 mins.  My entire lunch break was wasted waiting. All of the dine in orders that came in after us were served first.
4	Won ton, saimin and Portuguese musubi was so delicious. Service is good. Cute restaurant with enough seating and music playing while eating made it enjoyable.
5	Great teriyaki sauce, the rice and macaroni salad were perfect. Saimin soup is my sons favorite now. Just the right portions and the right seasonings. I never seen my son finished a big bowl of noodles so fast before!
