5	This is for the Mesa Arts Center (downtown Mesa) now that it's under the MCC umbrella...Mesa Arts Center (now known as MCC art center) is wonderful.If you're looking for classes on glass blowing, bead making or jewelry making, this place is it.I can only vouch for the Jewelry classes (you have to sign up via MCC). I've taken the Jewelry classes mainly as a refresher and I like seeing if I can learn new tips and tricks from the instructors.Last summer (2007) they taught a wonderful class on stone setting. For those who can't afford going to school at the GIA or the Revere Academy in San Francisco, this is a good alternative right here in your own backyard.The studio at MAC is top notch as are the instructors. Polly, Alison and the new enameling instructor are well worth the time spent here. The studio is ... AWESOME. Complete with 4 - yes FOUR - kilns to enamel. A casting area with a centrifugal forge...and some wonderful tool benches that make me cry when I have to use mine here. The torches at the studio are acetylene and oxyacetylene - wonderful melting power! They also have a vulcanizer so you can make molds and the ventilation for the studio is superb. So many wonderful amenities that are useful - you can tell a lot of time and thought went into the studio when they were planning it.It's advised that you bring your own tools - like your own investment if you want to cast, casting grains, etc. I like to bring my own tools because you just never know who used it before you and if they've ruined it somehow either through carelessness or just being new to jewelry making.I sign up for classes for the sole purpose of using the jewelry studios. It's a wonderful place. Also the students that go there are somewhat few and far between, even though the classes can be full, most students show up every other week! That means more space for me to work in. ;)
2	I was just taking class there for fun but the instructor is not good.She rarely replies students' email when have question and I know that I am not the only one who has problem with that.Sigh
3	This is probably one of the busiest Community college campuses I have seen. The number of students is astounding! The campus is older and not has fresh as other CC but over all it is a good lay out and I have never had a problem finding parking.I took one class here and was actually a little disappointed in the teacher. But I think it was the specific subject matter. IF this CC was closer to my home I would take most of my classes here, because it offers more classes than the other campus I attended. I love the book store, and the many picnic tables all around covered by big shady trees. I can definitely picture myself studying for class under a tree.
4	Back when I was an undergrad at Arizona State, I took some classes at MCC as to avoid further blemishing my school record at ASU. I had this perception as many others have had that taking certain courses at a junior college level would be somewhat easier than that of a university, namely math and science type courses. I was clearly mistaken and earned a new respect for math courses taught at MCC. One fall semester apart from my 15 credits at ASU, I also took two additional courses at MCC, a Calculus I class and a technical writing course. I was blessed to be in a Calc. I course taught by a Prof. Santini who began the class with... "are you guys ready to get on the Santini roller coaster of fun?!?" upon hearing that I knew it would be an interesting semester. To say the least, it was more than interesting, although I barely passed, this guy knew his calculus, he had the passion and he instilled his teaching in that he wanted his students to understand the foundation of calculus, so, for him the basic formulas were meant to be second nature to us. His class wasn't easy, it was one of the most difficult undergrad courses I've taken but at the same time it was the most rewarding. The same went for my technical writing course in which my professor graded our papers to the nth degree. I have to admit that MCC has instructors that are great in what they teach and prepare their students to be competitive at the university level, well, that was my experience.I do admit that this is one of the more crowded and busy junior colleges since it serves as a feeder school to Arizona State plus many of its students, like myself were concurrently enrolled at ASU and MCC. Another lesson learned from MCC was my parking skills. I learned how to be hawkish looking for parking. Since my classes were mainly on the side of campus facing dobson rd, my parking options were limited especially since from mcc i only had 45 mins to drive to ASU, look for parking there and get to class. Even now when I have to go to MCC for something, I still get frustrated looking for parking. Overall, MCC offers quality courses taught by pretty good instructors, and I recommend supplementing your schedule by taking courses at MCC if you're already at ASU because whatever your final grade is at MCC you can transfer the grade for credit towards your degree without hurting your cumalitive gpa at ASU.
4	I really like them so far.  They are much better than any of the 4 colleges I have been to (including Rio Salado...really don't like Rio at all).  The instructors are nicer, the people are more helpful, much easier to deal with and better staffed.  Deffinatly look forward to completing my degree with them!
5	Yay for the RN program! :) Kick butt statistics, kick butt teachers, kick butt nursing buddies! In the RN program right off the bat, semester one you are introduced into the program with some of the best teachers I have met! Kathy Pollard and Kathy Hanneken are awesome! Clinical instructors have all been great so far as well! The best part though is the friends you meet, they will be lifetime friends gauranteed!
4	Let's just say I feel privileged and proud to be a nursing student at this community college!
4	I love my nursing program!!! It is the best.The tution not bad and they have great teachers. That is the only reason they are getting 4 stars.The other offices such as registration, advisment, finacial aid are very unproductive buildings that have people working there who don't have a clue on whats going on. MCC is still worth attending, once you get into your classes it's worth it!!!
3	So far this school has been great and then not-so-great. It is a huge school first of all, the largest community college out of all of them. I have met some great, awesome teachers and then I have had some grumpy teachers. I'll tell you what you do, when you want to know what kind of teacher they are before you sign up for your class just do what I do:  go onto Ratemyprofessor.com and search for the teacher and read the reviews. They are usually pretty accurate and give you some control over what your teaching environment is going to be like. However, I was racially discriminated against in the testing department and that is why they get only three stars. I realize it is the person and not the school but I won't ever forget what happened to me. The latter I will take up with the President of student affairs. Always stick up for what is right people!Ms.Svoboda shout out! excellent English teacher and Bob Leighty, my extremely tough geology professor. I learned a lot in that class.
3	Went there last night for their monthly free planetarium show. It was a really cool show that was unfortunately set to Pink Floyd music. After the show the science dept professors had a huge telescope set up and we were able to look at the moon. First friday of every month!
3	can i transfer my credits from Rio Salado to Mesa college , or i have to drop out , i have taken two courses plz some one answer me
1	Absolutely hated the two years I went to school there. One of the most disorganized establishments I've ever had to deal with.  No one in admissions, registration, or the cashier's office knew what the heck they were doing.  I was constantly told one thing and ended up having to do the other. The simplest things like singing up for a class turned into week long processes that never went through. The advisers were no help at all and ended up setting me back a year by telling me to take the wrong classes.  However, there were a few good teachers I met that genuinely tried to help.  Be sure to use rate my professor though because others sucked.
4	Took some classes here, it's got a good atmosphere, cool students, good education.
4	The Mesa Community College Fashion Design program is a hidden gem.  Despite an aging tech building, the instruction is top notch with real connections into the industry.Also, the Creative Writing Program is good, too.
4	Cashiers office was very helpful. Just go straight there for transcripts. Also this place is really looking nice since I went here back in the day. I guess they got rid of the rif raff (me haha)
1	Horrible college! If you can go somewhere else they are so unorganized and try to find ways to make you attend their school.
5	The track is open to anyone wanting to get fit. The throwing coach and athletes have been particularly accommodating and friendly.  The teaching staff that I have encountered are remarkable. The campus is clean, easily accessible, and close to good eateries.
2	I never thought my favorite class would be the gym, but I absolutely love it! The people who oversee the gym are very friendly, and encouraging. I have never seen too many people in the gym, it has always had a dozen or so or less in it, so it is comfortable. If you are thinking about a routine, this is a great place to get your start, they also have other classes you may like, such as yoga,track, belly-dancing or karate.  If it wasn't for the gym, I would have been long gone from this school from hell. As you can probably see by now, I am not a complete fan of the academics at MCC. I have taken around 30 credits here, and although I have a pretty decent GPA, some of the part-time online instructors are fairly 'feral' towards students( for some odd reason) which just messes up my degree plans.  MCC has a 16% (or was it 14%?)  graduation rate. The lowest in the nation. You can see the statistics yourself if you log into your FAFSA. Who needs a degree- right? Obviously this is play time. (sarcasm) I'd say avoid the Religion at MCC, that one is a joke- save your money! I think it is ran by a bunch of secular-rabid-lesbian atheists.
4	I am a former student & a current Academic Advisor here at Mesa Community College. The college has physically changed a great deal between my time as student till now as an advisor. Currently, MCC is under going more reconstruction to design more student space for engagement and learning. As a whole I believe this is a institution that does truly regard student growth & development as a vast importance. Does this always occur in proxy? No.. Thus I will say use this place as an opportunity to seek out those resources that apply to you & are available. Student life & Leadership/ Multicultural services are without question the most under utilized departments on the campus & provide a wealth of knowledge, advising, support & relationship for growing and continuing minds.While I cannot speak for the mass majority my responsibility as an educator is to provide you with each tool necessary to succeed regardless of personal endeavor.
4	I wasn't really going to write this review because honestly my time here hasn't been long, but maybe someone out there is going through what I was thinking.I'm 40 and headed to school to earn an associate's degree, I was scared to start this adventure, because really who decides at 40 they want to change up their life and move in a different direction? Me, that's who and maybe you,.Well my fears have been but to the side, every person I have encountered has been friendly and helpful. I haven't officially started classes yet, but am headed that way soon.  And I can safely say I am not the oldest kid on the block there, MCC has students of all ages.   The advantaged of going to MCC, earning an associate's degree debt free, that's a great selling point to me.  Plus since I work full time, I will be able to attend evening classes, I'm old school I guess and need to be in a class, If I did it online, I know I will be easily distracted haha, but if you're not into attending evening classes they do have online classes as well.So its never too late to go to school, if I can, so can you!
5	So, think it's pretty clear that I'm not a student at Mesa Community College - I attended a four year university in Colorado. However, I've been bouncing around the idea of completing a second Bachelor's alongside my MBA. Should I need to knock out some credits, best believe it will be at MCC. Have heard nothing but good things from friends and strangers alike. With that, I spend a TON of time utilizing the Track and Field facility - specifically, the hammer ring.Mesa Community College has the premier Track and Field facility in the Southwest! Oh, you don't believe me huh?! First, come and check it out for yourself. Second, if you aren't impressed, please go find a nearby facility that has as much space MCC does dedicated to the throws. It's a thrower's paradise; like our own private island. This is a big friggin deal! When you keep the throwing events off the infield, you save yourself a lot of unnecessary hassles in terms of safety while other events are going on.Seriously, a javelin runway, three discus rings, two shot put rings and one hammer ring WITH a nearby runway for turns and drill work.  MCC also hosts the Mesa T&F Classic each year in April- And a phenomenal job at that. This meet attracts some of the best athletes in the nation: Collegiate teams, post collegiates and professionals. Come check it out next year; there's something for everyone!I want to express my sincerest gratitude to Head Coach Steve Jacobs and Throws Coach Collin Post for allowing me and my Coach to train here. As you both know, it takes a VILLAGE to do this post-collegiately (especially when you WORK full time), and having a training home means the world to me. Recommended - Come out to the Track and get in shape, knock out some transfer credits, earn your associates. MCC is a great and welcome community to be a part of.
3	I really love MCC for most of the teachers I've had, quality classes and instruction. I felt the classes came from passionate, talented teachers and enjoyed the projects. Also the price is a huge selling point.Yet, the one downside to MCC is the terrible financial aide/Admissions process/building. The entire experience is completely nerve wrecking. I can't even count the amount of times I'd had to go in, wait an hour, and have nothing fixed. It takes a LONG time for anything to actually happen. I had to miss my first (planned) semester due to paperwork problems. Than for this semester I was notified 3-4 weeks before classes that financial aide decided to pull me, than 5 days ago I received an email that said due to my "satisfactory academics" they changed their mind. Although I still had to do more paperwork for something else I was "randomly selected" for which takes 1 month to process. So since I can't get financial aid in time, I have to put off another semester. I've lost an entire schoolyear total due to these problems. And I only got to attend 1 semester so far! Something to be aware of, going here is cost efficient, yet dealing with their "processes" is a nightmare.
1	Don't try to call the phone number that is listed on Yelp if you want to talk to anyone at MCC. It will ring and ring and no one will answer. Use the number 480-461-7000.
1	They handle their students like cattle ranchers. I've had several instances where Financial Aid wasn't disbursed until well after the drop/refund date which is a serious risk for any student looking to pay for school by any other means besides out of pocket. I did have some wonderful professors who really liked their jobs but I had some that were terrible and didn't really want to see students succeed. One of my teachers counted how many times their students used filler words such as "like" or "um" in presentations then docked them points based off them which would have been fine it was a public speaking class... but it wasn't. Schools like MCC are reasons for-profit schools are worth the price. MCC doesn't care where there students are going as long as they bring in the money.
5	I've been a student here during 5 years and have to say it is one of the best college in the Valley. Great organization, always friendly stuff. I want to say especially thanks to ESL department and Fitness Center as well.
5	Go Thunderbirds! I absolutely love this school. All of my professors are phenomenal. Shouan Pan and James Mabry are such amazing administrators that love Mesa CC. Just make sure to give yourself time if you need to go to Financial Aid or Advisement - anyways, you could do most of your stuff online too.
