4	I've had a few professional massages and this one was pretty good. My boyfriend got me a gift certificate for a one hour full body Swedish relaxation massage and I loved it. However, the facilities weren't the greatest. The walls were very thin and I could clearly hear people's conversations through the walls during my massage, and that made it a little hard to relax. The massage itself was amazing. I had Kate and she was great. Even afterwards, she let me know where she found problem areas and gave me advice on what to do to prevent tension, especially in my back. Overall, I had a good experience and I would definitely go back, but if you're looking for a high quality spa atmosphere, this isn't the place for you.
5	My family and I have appreciated the services available from Body Harmony for over a decade! We have had acupuncture (Amy Regutti) & massage (Jennifer Crye & Todd Harth) and have found the practitioners of the highest quality. Their knowledge of the body, the interrelated issues and of recources for your health are fantastic.  Beware....these aren't light weight 'feel good all over' type of massages. These are deep tissue rehabilitative type massages.  Best I have had.  You certainly can get a 'feel good' one, but if you need a more therapeutic massage or quality acupunture, this is the place to go.
5	I got a Groupon deal for a three pack of massages by Todd Harth. I have had numerous massages but I have never had such an excellent massage as I got from Todd! I went there with a massive headache and left feeling relaxed & relieved of my headache! This guy is incredible! I can't wait for my next session! I have found my new massage therapist! This guy is fantastic!
2	I purchased a groupon and scheduled a massage with Todd. Their online system is less than user friendly but he was great about scheduling for me. When I arrived for my massage Todd mistook me for someone else. When I let him know that I was a new patient he took me back to the lobby to fill out paperwork. While I was filling out the paperwork he proceeded to take his sweater off so that he was just wearing an undershirt. While this is not innapropriate, it did strike me as unprofessional. His social interactions with me continued to be strange. While he was never inappropriate, he was less than professional. When I told him that I had suffered from tight painful calves he said "Yes!" Again, not inappropriate but not professional. I have also never had a therapist that didnt tell me to undress to my comfort level. He just told me to undress and that he would be back  with a heat lamp. At this point, as a female about to undress for a large male, he didn't do anything to make sure that I felt comfortable. The entire interaction leading up to the massage was strange and uncomfortable.  The massage itself was fine. At one point he made a slurping nose and then apologized for forgetting to swallow. The pressure was too much at times and when I told him that it hurt his response was, "But it's so good for the tissue." I will not be going back and I wouldn't recommend him to a friend. I think it's good to remember that if you are a muscular male that is working with women in vulernable positions, you need to make sure that you are professional at all times.
