5	Work:  Unbelievably great!  Fantastic work and my fender looks totally new.Cost:  They aren't cheap---unless the $2,200 they charged with me paying only the $500 deductible was to gouge the insurance company.  I hope so, anyway.But the work...fantastic work!!!!Well, here's something interesting:  I just called 4 auto body places in my area to fix my grill and they ALL had the same price.  I asked why and one of the guys told me that there are 2 places people in the NW Valley buy supplies from, prices are fixed then so they all are the same.Moral of this story:  If all the places charge the same and you live in the NW Valley, go to A&D Auto.  They really are the best around!
1	I have never seen an autobody take 2 months to repair damages on my car that was originally promised 2 weeks? A few things to note about this autobody:1. Unprofessional: When you think you can't get the car to me by the time you had indicated on the paperwork it is common sense to call and inform me. This has not been the case. I don't live in the area so it was a waste of my time to come there to find that my car isn't ready. Not only that, they continue to promise me week after weeks without results. Is this a businees or not?2. Expensive: I didn't pay for it but my insurance but let me tell you the cost was significant.Overall experience of this autobody is that I am EXTREMELY surprise it's still in business. Who operates like that seriously?!? Go somewhere else is my bottom line.
5	I had my 2006 Nissan Altima repaired at A&D Auto Body, they were amazing!! I would take my car back there in a heart beat! The PRICE was great, exspecially for the amount of damages to my car, I mean it was the whole drivers side! Not to mention the amount of TIME it took to do that large repair to my vehile, seems like i had it back in no time! Oh and did I mention when i got my Altima back it was spotless, they detailed it for me!  DEFINETLY THE BEST SHOP AROUND!! :)
5	I had my 2011 328i backed into while sitting in a parking lot. After some Googling, I found this body shop. Reviews were good, near my house, and BBB clean, so I gave them a shot. Also turns out they are a preferred shop for the insurer who hit me.I like the cleanliness of the office and professionalism of the staff, as well as the fact that they keep you updated on the status while they work on your vehicle. The repairs took longer than I expected (1 week), but the results were great.  I will definitely use them again (hopefully I won't have to).
5	I first visited this facility in February 2014 after a recommendation from a friend. I was hesitant because I'm not from Arizona, and I had a family favorite body shop back home. They did an excellent job and I was very pleased! I would say my experience was a solid 5!Two weeks ago I brought my vehicle back after being hit by a tire on the 17. I thought it cracked my bumper, but A&D found more significant damage to the undercarriage of my car. Once again, after all is said and done, they did great work!After picking up my vehicle I noticed a few scratches that were not there when I dropped my car off. I called them and brought it back in to get it looked at. It was a little after closing by the time I brought it down. They immediately took my car to get it all buffed out, and apologized for the inconvenience. I'm so appreciative of having a body shop that is in a big city that takes care of their customers like my small town body shop!
