4	My wife and I have bought 3 vehicles from Shelby over the past 10 years and have for the past 7 years gone to Shelby exclusively for any service more complicated than changing oil or tires (and even then we've gone to Shelby for oil changes as well). We've been extremely happy with the service and honesty of this dealership. We had bad experiences at one of the other big dealerships in town and it was refreshing to go to Shelby and find salespeople who were not high pressure and a service department that fixed things right. I've always been happy with their service and I'm pleased that Chrysler took their dealership away from that other place and turned it over to Shelby!
5	I live on the East Coast,probably 800 away from Shelby Motors. I saw a car on their website, and purchased it on their word of condition.  Well, they walked me through the paperwork, and made the purchase simple. We had the car shipped to New Jersey and it arrived in perfect condition and was exactly the condition that was originally stated. When you call, ask for Tim..(the Internet Specialist). You will be totally satisfied with no reserves.
1	I was at this dealership on February 25th 2014 around 10:00am to buy a car at that same day. I asked the salesman who is an older white gentleman with a puffy mustache if I can see the car from the inside to get the feel of the car (2012 Dodge Charger SE) so if I like it I'll buy there and then, but when I asked does he mind if I test drive it he said "Yes I do mind" I asked why and this was his response "My boss wants to make sure we have people who test drive cars who can actually afford them" I just sent the dealership an email what happened and how they missed on a sale because after that I went to O'brien Autopark who have really good salesman who work with and don't ask questions, I purchased a 2013 Volkswagen CC Luxury for $26,995 while the Charger was around $20,000 so Shelby Motors missed on really good sale and and turns out I CAN AFFORD THE CAR! I recommend O'Brien Autopark  awesome salesman who don't judge on your age! I'm 19.
