1	After my regular waxing place went out of business I was in a hurry recently to get an eyebrow wax. U2 Nails is close to my house and was in the same parking lot where I was doing some errands. Upon entering it looked like any old nail joint. I was greeted right away by a friendly woman who spoke no English. She yelled something in Vietnamese to the nail tech who stopped mid manicure (I am sure that client was upset!) and came into the back to wax my eyebrows. The waxing room consisted of a very old bed/table and what appeared to be their lunch room. The waxing bed was covered in stained sheets. They were obviously old stains and the sheets had been washed, but still. The towel that they place over the pillow was also clean but stained. The wax station itself appeared clean,so that was a plus. The woman who waxed my eyebrows also spoke no English but smiled and was pleasant. The wax job was fine. No mistakes but she did not wax them the way I requested, probably because I don't think she understood me. When I was done I walked up front, expecting either the woman who did the waxing or the greeter to collect my $10. No one did. I stood there for a minute before I had to ask the woman at the desk (reading a magazine) who to pay. They started talking to each other in Vietnamese and she took my money. I asked for a $5 and five $1s for my change. This caused what appeared to be mass confusion and possibly a fight between the two women. I got the wrong amount of change back 3 times before the woman getting her nails done took the envelope and counted the change out for them! Very bizarre place!
1	Horrible customer service. Pay the extra $10 and go somewhere they are nice.
2	This place isn't so good! Just drive past this place and go to another! It's not clean and the people are rude. The lady named Katie did poor on my nails. I got them done 2 days ago and I already have the little air bubbles under my acrylic nails and she didn't cover the whole nail! There are spots missing! Not worth the 45 bucks I paid! This place is a nightmare!
5	I've been here before, the person that did my toes....was ok.....This time, I went to Katie!  This women takes pride in her work!  I don't like the massage, or to scrape my feet....She still took 1 hr to do my feet!  WTH!  usually, because of what I don't like, I can be done with my feet in about 20 to 25 min.  (thank god, I wasn't in a hurry!)  lol, and my nails she also took 1 hr.  I will be going here to see Katie from now on.  I'm all natural though, so I didn't do the fake nails or anything.  I paid $30.00 for pedi and Mani!  I see some of the other comments, maybe because I went in the morning.  I don't know, but I wlll be going back.
2	My regular place was booked so I went here because I broke a nail and I needed to have it fixed.  So I went to get a manicure and pedicure.  I was seated in a massage chair closest to the wall.  The chair did not even work properly.  An older lady came over to work on my pedicure.  She soaked my right foot for only a few minutes and then pulled it out to start snipping the cuticles.  She started at the pinky toe and the next toe over she nipped my toe.  I said ouch and she just moved on.  When she got to my big toe she snipped my cuticle again even harder.  I told her if she did it again I was leaving.  She stopped using the cuticle snips.  She did my other foot without incident.  My feet were scrubbed and I got a nice leg massage.  She pained my nails.  I brought my own nail polish (Black) and she made a mess out of a couple of toes.  Later I checked the bottom of my feet and the soles of my feet are rough.The lady who did my manicure was better.  She at least did not snip my cuticles and she did not make a mess out of the polish.  During my time there neither of my manicurists bothered to engage me in any meaningful way besides asking me for my money.  I will not go back here again and I am hoping I do not get any infection from getting my cuticles snipped.  For $30 it just was not worth it!Oh, and there is a $1 surcharge for using a debit or credit card.  Did not know that until a saw a small sign at a manicurist station.
5	Tom did my manicure, he was great, great conversation as well.!  Megan did my pedicure, She was good as well. although like always I always seem to mess up a couple of nails she hooked me up, no problem.  I really like U 2 nails.  Manicure and pedicure is only $30.00, Yep!  I said $30.00 that's the best price I've seen here in Las Vegas.   No coupon needed!
1	OH MY GOSH! This place is terrible, I've never ever had a hang nail, and I've been getting my toes does for years, my normal salon was booked, and this one was close to my house so I gave it a try..... WORST PLACE EVER!!!! I had a hang nail in both big toes and not to mention she cut to low. She was rude. DON'T GO HERE!!!!!
5	I love this nail salon, always great service and great conversation.  I got Tom again this time.  He's the same as the first time I met him.  He pays attention to detail.  Just great service.
5	Clean, friendly and very well priced. I'm very picky about my nails and I always ask for Paula! She does a great job and is the best!
5	Some of the bad reviews were written before Paula took over. This place is clean and all of the employees are pleasant. They do not rush you through even if they are busy.
4	I have to give em 4 status because it's awesome they are open on Sunday  especially Easter Sunday!! I came in because I had a family party to attend and I had just removed my gels from signature nails!I called signature nails (eastern/warm springs) since that's my new favorite spot, they were close but manage to call me back and leave me a voicemail asking me to come back during their normal business hours, which I thought was sweet! So I was driving around and ended up in this parking lot on Windmill and Eastern. I came in and it seemed to have just opened. They were kind and took me in right away as nobody was in there besides the two workers. I got a full set. It was nice and cheap and very professional. I just don't like the small up selling they do. Like if you get eyebrows waxed, do you ever notice how they want you to get everything else on your face waxed? Or get a design or some 3d. I wasn't in the mood for pink and white this time. Overall it just reminded me of back in garden grove where you are in and out in no time with a beautiful set of nails!Will come back for a pedi!Thanks again!!
5	I don't understand why this place has bad reviews...I've been coming to Tom for a couple years now,and he is fantastic. Not only does he do a great job on my nails (that NEVER lift or break) but extremely friendly. At one point I was driving across town just to have him do my nails! Everyone is friendly and it's a relaxing atmosphere not to mention good prices.
5	"Sho"does The best the stiletto shape nails!!! I absolutely love them..She takes her time and I never have any lifting..,I've been coming to her for the last year she's amazing  I followed her to this salon.
