5	Black Spade is in business & is the business! King Ruck does amazing work have two pieces by him & plan to continue to get more done! The store isn't your average tattoo shop, graffiti theme is definitley a good look! Keep up the good work & congrats!
5	Love love love Black Spade tattoo! Found them at a booth at Vegas StEATS. The work he does is awesome and he has the best prices in town!!  I got my tattoo done in full color and love it! I took my husband back a few days latter and got him one. We moved from KC a year and a half ago and finely found a tattoo shop we can go to!!! Highly recommended for all your tattoo's!!
5	Ruck is an amazing artist! I drive from Colorado to have him do my ink. Everyone in the shop is very professional and friendly. Highly recommend this business!
5	I'm long overdue in posting this review! In November 2011,  My husband and I celebrated our new marriage and honeymooned in Vegas... and what a better way to begin our new life together with new tattoos :) I found this place through my friend who's a Vegas local.  She had only great thing to say about this shop.  My hubby never got a tat, I have a few. We decided to get his/hers tattoos; the "SF" Giants Logo. His was a lot bigger, mine is a smaller size.  Chris (Evo) was our artist. He was awesome..We also met Ruck, and another guy (I forgot his name, he was a Steelers fan).  All were good guys and easy to talk to.  It's been about 4 months since we got our tattoos and its still looking BOLD and AMAZING.Pricing wasn't bad at all neither; They really hooked us up! One fault I see tho is they didn't accept credit cards (in Nov 2011). Not sure if that has changed now.My hubby and I decided that whenever we're in LV we'll be sure to pay these guys a visit and add to our ink collection :)Thank you Black Spade Tattoo!
5	Went in a few days ago to get a tattoo while in Vegas,, have been wanting to do a technically advanced and detailed font piece of the last stanza to my favorite poem ever.. The Love Song Of J Alfred Prufrock. We have lingered in the chambers of the sea By sea-girls wreathed with seaweed red and brown Till human voices wake us, and we drown. I brought in a design, in a typewriter font with some splatter design around it.. like the old typewriters would make when hitting the paper.. the font was not huge but big enough to show the missing letter pieces and wobbly text style... vintage and grungy. Let me tell you not only is RUCK or KINGRUCK at Black Spade Tattoo in Las Vegas charming, personable, amiable, funny, clever and sweet he is also an AMAZING TATTOO artist! From the moment you walk in the door you feel welcomed.. no snide attitude or remarks.. no feeling weird.. he is just a beacon of warmth and hospitality. And when I said that I was thinking that I wanted to check out other artists.. he warmly said "Of course .. no problem.. you need to be sure.. I can understand that..." I knew at that moment this was my guy. I know because that is exactly what I tell my clients that want to look around... I tell this this because I am sure of my work and my talent and know that is it going to be difficult for them to find a better photographer. (i am a photographer, obviously) I put down my deposit at that moment and came in later that night. I'm very glad that he takes walk in... and sooooo honored to have gotten a tattoo by RUCK... FANTASTIC WORK!  I cannot be more elated!
5	Chris at Black Spade was great. My wife and I couldn't find a photo of the tattoos we wanted and Chris was able to design it exactly how we imagined it. He was very friendly and easy to talk to and made the experience great!!
5	Got my Third tattoo with Chris and loved it!!' I will be coming back for my next one.
5	A little late in my review. On a girls trip in march, my three girlfriends and I decided to get something little to remember the trip. Chris was so accommodating and so nice! He was the nicest person we had talked to on the phone about our plans and didn't make us feel stupid! And he didn't take advantage and rip us off! I'd recommend them to anyone.
5	I love Black Spade Tattoo !! This will be  my fourth tattoo here .Ruck and Chris are amazing artist ..They're both very  professional and very light handed, I could  barely feel anything .If you want an amazing tattoo without being raped on the price like some of the Vegas shops this is the place to Go !
5	Love King Ruck and all his work.he never disappoints me.great quality,clean shop. Very personal care,you don't feel like you're walking into a shady place.the shop and staff make you feel comfortable and are always friendly.
5	The love I have for this establishment...is immense. Chris is a top notch artist AND businessman. I called a day before the 4th to check on their availability. Chris said they were always open to walk-ins, but would be closing early on the 4th. My friend and I made the proper decision to wait until Saturday to check the shop out, agreeing to make it in around opening time. This being Vegas, AND the day after the 4th, it was more like 14:00. Chris was the guy who greeted us, asked both of us what we were looking to permanently display, gave us round guesstimates of pricing and got us in the chair. He was super quick and efficient with the whole process and got both of us in and out fastidiously. His skill is top notch, and the environment at the Black Spade is super chill and free of judgment. It was my third tattoo but my buddy's first. Both of us received the proper attention we needed for each of our ideas. (Ruck was tied up with a client when we showed up, but was a very cool guy as well. Showed interest in what was going down on the other side of the divide. Looking at his finished work, I would be willing to get something done with him in the future.)Hands down, I would recommend Chris ANY day of the week. I gave him an idea, and quite a bit of artistic license to create with it what he wanted, with some direction, and it turned out better than I had imagined. What resulted was an abstract, albeit defined, maple leaf for a little Northern Pride. If I'm ever in Vegas looking for another Tattoo, Chris will be the guy I make an appointment with.
5	I made an appointment with Kyle Dunbar when he was guesting tattooing this week and honestly it was the best decision I have ever made.Before he got there, I just got to hang out with Ruck and get ready to get tattooed. Once Kyle came, the experience went to a whole new level! My friends and I literally say there and just hung out with two of my favorite tattoo artists - my dream come true!!Now on to the tattoo - I had a rough idea and drawing of what I wanted and Kyle took it to a whole new level. We decided to not just do outlines but color it in and that's when I got even more impressed. He was just going to so solid coloring and I was happy with that until he suggested water color! I looks so freaking awesome. So much better than what I could ever imagine in my life!! I am so in love. The shop was clean and comfortable and Kyle and Ruck really made the effort to make this this best possible experience! Ruck even shared his fresh cherries :)
5	AMAZING!!  First, let me start by saying that I had the pleasure of meeting 2 of THE MOST down to earth tattoo artists ever (and I have quite a few tattoos). (RUCK & CHRIS) I was tatted by King Ruck while down in Vegas. I sent a message through the Black Spade Tattoo website, and it was smooth sailing from day one. Communication was clear, and the fact that even though Ruck was booked out months in advance, he managed to squeeze me in because I was coming in from out of town. Not only was I able to get my appointment, but the shop opens at 12, and I was able to get in at 11 AM with Ruck to get it started earlier in the day. Thank you so much for that!!The music was amazing, the ambiance was so cool. I felt so at ease, laughing, talking, and getting tatted #Good Times. I am in LOVE with the tattoo, and I will be returning in March for more ink. THANK YOU!!
5	This place is awesome!!!  I took my 17 year old son there for his first tattoo. They were EXTREMLY courteous and professional with him. Very down to earth in this studio, no inflated egos, overcharging,or just anything less than purely professional. I really like the fact that you will not see a tat pattern on their walls. EVERY tattoo is custom drawn for you. They even go the extra mile when it comes to the aftercare and any possible touch ups that EVER have to be done. Great guys and I would recommend them to ANYONE
5	My husband& I went here on our 25th anniversary to get matching tattoos to celebrate my one year cancer free. Ruck happened to be in the shop and took me as a walk in. Chris did my husband's tattoo.  They were friendly, professional and awesome!  Considering this was my first tattoo,  ruck was very patient.  We will be back...they are top notch!
5	Simply awesome i was looking for an artist close to home, affordable, and detailed work. I found exactly what i was looking for. They do custom work i did not have Ruck do my tattoo but still awesome! I was a weenie with the pain but they were patient with me and very cool about it. Funny guys verybdown to earth! Will definately be coming back!
5	Spent the day with King ruck yesterday. This is the first review I have ever written but was compelled to do so. Had an amazing experience. Tattoos are awesome and felt comfortable and cared for throughout the day. Ruck is a supreme artist and an interesting person to spend some time with. It was like he took us into his home. Very much worth travelling for his tattoos. Thank you for the experience!
5	I wanted a tattoo for years and finally decided to get it done while in Vegas this week! I did some research and made an appointment at Black Spade Tattoo. The appointment process was easy and everyone I came in contact with was more than friendly! I admit I was extremely nervous but Ruck made me very comfortable! The tattooing process was not as painful as I had envisioned and I love the end result!I had an awesome experience and now have a tattoo I absolutely love!
5	I am so glad we found this place!  we were greeted right away by Chris, who also did my tattoo.  He was so professional and so nice!  I gave him a drawing of what I wanted and he was able to make adjustments to fit what I had envisioned. He was soooo patient with me.  I felt very comfortable.  If not for a few sensitive areas, I wouldn't even have known he was working on me, such a light, gentle hand and quality work at a very reasonable price.   Ruck was also there, and me not being a connoisseur of much outside of food and entertainment, had no idea what a big deal he is in the tattoo world.   I love my tattoo!  Thank you Chris!  I highly recommend this place and this artist.
5	Ruckus is hands down the best in Vegas! There is no reason to even go to anyone else! F*ck with the King! You will not be disappointed.
