3	So I am not a big fan of going out to eat in Anthem, because I try to avoid chains as much as possible, but I was forced to go after our attempt to grab lunch at Mr. Gyros (not open at 11:00) was unsuccessful.  Since I work in this area, choices are limited and decided to give it a try.The food was your typical bar/restaurant food.  I always get their wings there but I decided to order a chicken salad this time.  I was pleasantly surprised that the chicken was freshly cooked and it wasn't the precooked chicken you typically get.  The greens were iceberg lettuce, with tomatoes, and cheese, which I skipped.  Unfortunately, they don't offer any lowfat dressing but they have oil and vinegar, which is always great for those who are looking for low fat dressing.I probably would have gave this place 2 stars but the service was outstanding and bumped it up to 3.  Our waiter was friendly and so cheerful as well as the other staff there.  The place was pretty empty, so you know they were not cheerful about the lack of tips they were going to make during lunch time.  Happy people make my meal experience much more enjoyable.
3	I would not go to Native New Yorker nearly as much if I didn't live in Anthem, but my choices are pretty limited. Here's what I like about it, Chris is my favorite server, and he's awesome and on top of his shit. There's lots of options besides pizza, which makes me happy. Lots of salads, burgers, sandwiches, baked potatoes, and pastas. Happy hour is pretty good, too. Prices are reasonable at non happy hour times and it's super kid friendly so I don't feel like an asshole bringing my 2 year old. Oh heads up, lots and lots of cheddar jack? cheese on the spinach dip, which is different, but I like. I also love love the honey hot sauce for the wings. I make my husband take the meat of the bones for me cause chicken on bones is gross. Yea, I said it. Here's what I don't like. Whenever Chris isn't working, the service isnt great. I waited for my check forever last time, pretty much pre bussed my own table (no problem, I had plenty of time) while watching our server watch the game on tv. Like I said, I have a 2 year old. After he's done eating, its a very short window of time before things gets real out of hand. Also, Im a baked potato fan and its a 50/50 shot of whether or not mine will be cooked. Hard "baked" potatoes are not delicious. How hard is to make sure a potato is done? Overall, it's bar food, but good bar food, with lots of variety.So if youre in Anthem, first, ask yourself why? Then, if youre hungry, go to Native, but only if Chris is working and you can sit in his section. And dont get all fancy with your ordering, theyre better at basics. Except basic baked potatoes, that they suck at.
1	Worst service ever. The pizza (10" peperoni) was greasy and tasted like something I could have paid $2 @ the grocery store. Never again!
