5	For the price the steak and rice lunch deal is perfect! I had the salmon rice lunch deal and at $8 it's a steal!!! The salmon was perfect with the homemade teriyaki!!!! Will come back again!!! Prices are awesome!
5	Small menu selection but the food is great!! It's a MUST the next time you crave sushi!!
5	Wonderful restaurantI can relax well in inside and these authentic foods are really good and cheap.
5	I love the lunch menu:: it's a great stop off tropicana and 215! Pauline is our bomb waitress here! She's very attentive and you can tell has been in the service industry for a while! I recommend stopping in for some quality sushi and bomb service.
5	Very well crafted sushi with a simple clean taste. The chef went out of his way to make the sushi look like it was from a top fine dining restaurant.  Clean inside with a nice atmosphere,  no cheesey Japanese decor. Very reasonably priced.
5	Great food, fish are all good. Nice waitress and chef. Great price with the quality of food .
5	A new Japanese / sushi place off Ft. Apache near Trop.A nice, quite and very spacious place, with great friendly staff. Had the Saba Shio Yaki dinner plate. Plus, I added the prawn and vegetable tempura for $4 extra.I also tried a spicy yellowtail roll...Amazing!! Will be back.
5	Recommendation: A must try!! The sushi was very tasty, clean with great flavor, with a nice presentation. We shared 3 apps and 3 rolls. We went in hungry and new it was a lot for the two of us but ended up a great deal and well worth trying them all. Each dish was better than the next. We both agreed that the Hawaiian roll was one of the best rolls we've ever had!! AND we've had a lot. Poke on top of a roll..who wouldn't like that! We also had the Las Vegas and the Ichiban rolls, both highly recommended too. The yellow tail carpaccio was amazing and much thicker, in a good way, than most that we've had around town. The dinner items looked tasty. Can't remember them at the moment (food comma), but I would like to go back and try some day. However, it will be hard not to order those specially sushi rolls again. As for the ambiance, traditional feel and very clean. The service was great. Like I said, a must try!
5	Tucked away in a corner of the strip mall, this Japanese restaurant is a hidden gem. The location is convenient with plenty of parking. Inside of the restaurant, it's very clean and nicely decorated. I felt very comfortable when we were seated. I ordered the tonkatsu donburi and it was delicious. The portion was very generous and the taste was fantastic. Also the dish was visually pleasing for me as well. They are relatively new to this location, they were previously located at the Bally's casino. The staff and owner of this restaurant were very attentive and friendly. Ichiban West is now one of my go to places for Japanese food and I will most certainly be back in the future.
5	My history with Ichiban dates back 10 years when I first began eating at their original location at Bally's. Their quaint comfortable atmosphere and highly attentive wait staff was what drew me to their establishment each time and every visit was always topped off with great food, particularly their rice bowls and dinner specials which never disappoint.  What a surprise upon visiting Ichiban West that it was actually their new location, and I must say it even tops the original! The interior is beautiful and easily ranks among the best I've seen for a Japanese restaurant in the city (or any place for that matter). Because they are no longer located in Bally's their prices are not as expensive and you're still receiving the same quality service, if not better. One of the kind ladies recognized me as one of the former regulars of the old location, so I really appreciate her for that. I will definitely be returning here as often as I did before. I ordered the shio salmon dinner and it was a wonderful trip down memory lane. The only difference now is that they no longer serve breakfast during mornings, but that is a minor issue that won't be missed. Whether you were a fan of the Bally's location or having never tried it, either way you won't be disappointed with Ichiban West. The original Ichiban was a true gem of Las Vegas in a time before the wave of Japanese restaurants began to populate the city. Ichiban West takes what the original had and improved the experience.
5	I was elated to discover that the great Ichiban that existed in Bally's did not eternally close, but relocated to Fort Apache and reopened as Ichiban West! Look for it in the corner of a little strip small it shares with Perfect Scoop and Mashisoyo. Ichiban West is run by the same owner and chef from the original site, and fortunately the food and service are still great! Their donburi/rice bowls are my favorites. The sushi is quality. Check out the lunch menu. The staff is very attentive and gracious to serve you. If you become a regular, they'll never forget you and make you know it.  What puts Ichiban West over the original are the now-off-Strip pricing and an interior that is more spacious and exquisite. The old location had a cramped space more suitable for a ramen shop. Ichiban West is a more comfortable place to dine at. It's elegant and relaxing, away from the bustle of the Strip. It's only a shame that the new location is in a far less convenient place. Don't let that deter you though! The original Ichiban was a premier Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas for many years and they deserve the continuous recognition.
4	Went here for lunch on a Friday. The opening time for lunch is 11:30 am (not 11 am as noted on yelp). The business changed the opening time at some point (times clearly edited on door). We needed to be done by 12 pm so we felt a little rushed. BTW, there were two other parties who also showed up around 11 am-so, I think the time changed recently or we were all using yelp.Restaurant is clean and cozy with nice decor/tables. We all ordered lunch specials (each $8), 1) Salted saba (mackerel), 2) teriyaki salmon, 3) beef teriyaki. All came with miso (IMO could have been hotter/warmer-but likely because just opened), a small bowl of rice, the entree (all and great flavor) with a fresh salad on the plate with homemade honey mustard dressing (not Japanese ginger dressing FYI-but very tasty and fresh). Good meal, but I was hungrier than usual because I skipped breakfast, and I found myself hungry about an hour later (I think this partly could have been solved by more rice in the bowl-seemed a bit skimpy). Would we return? Yes, I think so.
4	Originally from Bally's, they have a long-time clientele visiting by cabs.My favorite here is Chirashi, and that's what the owner takes pride in - generous portion of fresh sashimi. On your first visit, be sure to order Chirashi, and don't judge before ordering one.At Bally's they offered traditional Japanese breakfast, but it's no longer available here. :( :(Anyway, I hope they continue to do well at this location for years to come.
3	We came here for dinner on a Saturday night about a month ago and this place was dead. No one was in the front when we walked in, but one of the employees quickly ran to greet us. The first thing she told us was that they were a new restaurant, so they didn't have thier alcohol license yet. Then she asked if that was okay with us. We decided to give them a try, plus that didn't apply to me since I don't drink alcohol anyway. As we walked to our table, we noticed that the restaurant was empty. I think my husband even said "wow, no one is here" out loud. Our server explained to us that they were real busy during lunch, but not for dinner because "everyone wants to drink." Obviously, LOL. The restaurant was very clean, but they had no decor. Even the TV behind the sushi bar was unplugged. The food was alright. Nothing outstanding, but it wasn't horrible either. I ordered the Zaru Soba and a Spicy California Roll. They gave a good portion of soba, although I have definitely tasted better. California Rolls are never anything special no matter where you go, but they took the lazy route and put some type of hot sauce on the roll. It wasn't actually mixed with the crab meat. My husband ordered the Katsu Don and a sushi roll (forgot the name) with nice presentation. He said that the food was ok. Service was friendly and attentive (as it should have been since we were the only customers there). Apparently this restaurant used to be at Bally's. Thier chopstick wrappers still say Bally's on them as well. Nothing special to say about this place. I think they have good service and a clean restaurant, but they need to maybe step up thier game when it comes to food. They have good potential, but thier restaurant will continue to be empty if they serve mediocre food!
5	It's a new place.   They still making changes in their menu.  The food is delicious and the atmosphere is nice and quite.  The design of the place is the nicest I've ever seen for a sushi place.   Very unique place!
2	We came on a Sunday night and there was only one other table. The interior looks clean and new, but really we should have turned around and left the moment we stepped inside. I'm particularly sensitive to greasy smoky restaurant smell and well this place smelled like rancid grease. Not sure what is going on with their ventilation system, if they even have a functioning one...Service wasn't bad. After sitting down, getting water and ordering, our server relayed a message from the kitchen that the wait will be longer than expected due to a large takeout order...We thought about just leaving then and tipping for water service. Usually I don't mind a little wait, but the smell was agonizing. Ultimately, we decided to stay for the food, but I had to go outside in the cold a couple of times for some fresh air. The food came within the timeframe given by our server and it was okay, though not nearly good enough for me to sit through another meal inside. If the weather is nice I might be convinced to come back and dine in the outdoor area. Seriously though, the decor looks clean and like someone put some thought into it, so why go cheap with the ventilation?!
