1	The only people here are one's unfortunate to have been in an Emergency accident or the unisured filling up the ER waiting 8-12 hours to see someone. This is a very disturbing environment.
1	My foot got really swollen and discolored while I was at Comic Con last week so went to UMC Quick Care just to make sure that it wasn't anything to worry about. When the doctor came in he looked at my foot for a minute and said that it was probably a blood clot and I needed an ultrasound. A few minutes later a nurse comes in telling me to sign a form so I can be transfered to the ER at UMC, WTF? So I asked if that was really neccessary and she said yes so off I went. Got to the ER at about 8:30 pm and didn't leave until 3:40 am! The waiting room wasn't even that full but I was out there for 2 hours before they called me back and then was sent back out again, this happened a few times. I was finally called back and taken for my ultrasound around 12:15 but I didn't even realize that was where I was going till they parked me in the hall outside the ultrasound room, then I had to wait because no one had the paperwork for me. When the ultrasound was done they came and wheeled me to a room and then just left me with no explanation about what was coming next, oh and the guy pushing me said he would go get my husband but he never did, I had to get up and ask a nurse if he could come back since he didn't know what was goin on with me at that point. So got to the room and waited and waited and finally after about an hour a doctor comes in (doesn't tell me his name or anything) and starts asking me what is wrong, hello isn't that on my chart at this point, but ok I go through the story again and he says that it probably isn't a blood clot but he will have to look at the ultrasound and then *poof* he is gone and never to be seen again. After another 1.5 hours I'm really tired and getting really pissed off so I look for a nurse to ask what is going on and when I find one she asks me if the doctor is discharging me!?! How the hell would I know, so I tell her I haven't seen the doctor for 1.5 hours and last I heard he was supposed to be reviewing my ultrasound. She says she will go check with him, yeah you do that, so I go and sit and wait and then another nurse comes in and tells me to sign the discharge paperwork. Ummm so what the hell is going on with my foot, "Oh there's no blood clot but you knew that", so I ask how the hell am I supposed to know that if no one tells me. So fine what is wrong with my foot and what do I do to get it small enough to fit into a shoe again? She literally shoves a prescription for 800mg ibuprofean in my face and says take that and keep it elevated. At this point I am either going to start crying or hitting people so I just take the paper work and leave since it is now 20 to 4am and I have to be at work by 9. This is the absolute worst health care experience I have ever had and I just pray that neither I nor any of my loved ones have a true emergency and get sent to this hospital. I can't imagine how someone who really does need emergency care makes it out of this place alive.
1	A complete waste of time and money. This place is nothing but a brick-and-mortar insurance scam. My experience was the worst health-care experience of my life, and I've seen some pretty bad ones. I waited in the waiting room for 12 hours.  All they did was draw some blood and told me it would probably be another hour or two. After the 14th hour, I walked out and found a real doctor the next morning with a real prescription pad.My advice: if you have a medical emergency, stay away from UMC, unless you want an appointment with death.
1	My first experience here was not bad (personally speaking). Someone was bleeding in the packed waiting room. It was busy; none of the medical professionals stopped to ask the bleeding man if he was ok. And it was apparent that he was in pain because from time to time you heard him groaning. My second time here (1992), my sister, older brother and I were in a car accident; my sister & I were rushed to the hospital in an ambulance, but we were left strapped in the gurneys for a few hours before getting any attention. Ridiculous. I should've known, since witnessing the bleeding man in the waiting room incident, that we would be ingored as well.The expansion of the hospital brought on a maze-like feeling, as you were trying to get from one place to another, but finding that it's only confusing the hell out of you. You can walk and walk and walk. It's kinda like the street layout of Las Vegas- they didn't think that the city was going to get bigger and that's why the streets end and reconnect whereever they want (Harmon goes through UNLV, Spring Mountain turns into Sands that turns into Twain, etc.).Fast forward to the sexual assaults that some patients fell victim to, the bankruptcy, the CEO getting charged with embezzlement- it's no wonder why this is a hospital to avoid. Unfortunately this is The hospital for trauma.
1	If I could give this place and its employees zero stars I would have. I had pretty much the same experience as the other reviewers here. Unbelievably long waits (although the waiting room had a max of 8 people in it). Rude and dismissive nurses and employees, and I couldn't find a trash can or box of tissues to save my life! I was in Vegas on vacation with my father and had the unfortunate experience of getting a severe case of food poisoning. I was already scared since I was in a strange city and in a lot of pain. I know that waiting is to be expected in ERs but the kind of rude treatment that I received by a couple of the nurses was simply inexcusable (and I am a very patient and low-maintenance patient typically). There was one nurse named Lori that was an angel, and the student doctor that was there was not too bad either, but the majority of the staff were simply lounging around chatting and didn't want to be disturbed by a paying patient who was suffering and scared. All I can say is- pray that you never get sick in Vegas and if you do, go ANYWHERE but UMC.
4	Really nice, everyone was friendly and helpful, easy to talk to, good service, I came in the the morning, maybe that is the secert...just worried about the bill. I was never told how much it would cost even 3 days after when I called billing. Scarry...
3	This is more a review of the cafeteria of the hospital than the hospital itself. I sometimes stop in here to eat lunch (I'm often in the area) and it is hit or miss. Usually the daily special is bomb if it's one of the wraps- actually the wraps usually are a safe bet and they're HUGE!! oh and if you have scrubs wear em- you may or may not reap the benefits :) hahaha- if the wraps dont interest you I would say eat elsewhere, cuz the other food is pretty craptastic for the prices- youre better off at the Carls Jr, or Wendys.
3	Just by chance went here and while photographing the flowers outside the front entrance, saw that they had a cafeteria! Named the UMC Bistro, it's a good place for eats, good-looking and tasty food that is sit-down and hot food to eat, and quite inexpensive than most restaurants in Vegas!! Had a Chicken Pot Pie with a huge biscuit ($2.77), Tilapia fish (2.77), a fried chicken breast (2.77) and a drink ($1.50), and think it was better and tastier than most other places! Nevada has 8,1% sales tax!! The parking is not free at UMC though!!    ;)
1	The ER room was empty, but still waited 4 hours. This place blows hardcore. I had my brother who needed medical care and the ER check-in desk said to put down your name and wait in line.... R u kidding me? We waited for 4 hours and all they did was put a neck brace around my bro's neck. This is suppose to be the ER and we waiting for hours to get help? Wow! Do not go here. We also saw the public safety officer  falling asleep and not even doing their job. Is this even a hospital? People cone here to get help, but all i see are ER patients who have been waiting for hours and falling asleep due to the lack of healthcare.  Not a good place to go for an emergency.
5	Its the best Hospital in state for  Trauma and brain Injuries.
1	Poor service.My bro in law was stabbed so he was admitted here. The nurses wouldn't check on him. His catheter was full and they didn't change it until a few hours after we told them. He was supposed to have his IV changed out and they didn't to it until the next day. The nurses are pretty much bitches.
3	I came here yesterday for my prescription and they don't have my medication. Told me to come back today. I came in and asked about my medication. The guy at window 3 which is pick up didn't want to help and said grab a ticket before they can talk. How rude!
4	Gov't hospital. You get what you pay.
1	We live in Southern California and when we were in Las Vegas my child had to be taken by ambulance to the ER. The experience was the most horrifying of our lives and I would not recommend this hospital to anyone. My child was admitted for 12 days. We were never even offered a blanket or a cup of coffee by anyone. My child was taken for wrong tests, given lab draws that were meant for other patients, NEVER had her pain controlled. We overheard the staff in the ER talking about other patients. They were especially unkind about the patients with mental illness or alcoholism. They talked about every woman who came in with abdominal pain stating in various ways that she must have a sexually transmitted disease. The nurses and doctors were rude and demeaning to the patients and treated most with varying levels of disrespect.  I understand that the facility is a county hospital but there is no excuse for treating any human being regardless of the problem without dignity. I have been to a county hospital in Southern California before (at Arrowhead Regional Medical Center) when one of my children had a skiing accident. Despite the county designation we were treated with respect, compassion and dignity.
1	I have to admit that they actually keep this hospital spic and span. The housekeepers work hard all day. But, they have the rudest, nastiest ER nurses and doctors that I have seen anywhere. I work in the medical field and have an excellent understanding of how a hospital should run. This hospital stays open because it is a trauma center and is in high demand with all of the traffic accidents on the highway between California and Las Vegas. The staff at this hospital treat you like you are a non-paying county patient. I am totally shocked that my first review of this hospital was not accepted. Every word I wrote was the truth and actually I had much worse to say but kept somethings to myself. I would like to know how people can get an accurate view of an establishment when reviews are not posted because they were to harsh?
1	No matter how much they renovate it this place is utterly very disgutsting. I felt bad that my mom had to go there because she doesnt have insurance. The only reason she got a spot in the back was because she came in on a stretcher! So many people were waiting around. Homeless (no offense at alll) and all. Its soo crowded with the sick til it just seems unsanitary. Plus, the nurses are very rude and defensive.
3	This is a city hospital so don't expect much.  UMC takes all sorts of patients regardless of socioeconomic background. The shuttle driver and the cashier at the cafeteria are rude. What I do appreciate with this hospital as a student: I'm exposed to chaos, grumpy nurses (not all) and real patients = real world experience!  Units/rooms are hard to find.  If you expect to be pampered and treated like a baby, this is not the hospital for you.  Patience tends to run low here (from patients, visitors and employees).
3	If you have go to the ER, they will get to you right away only if you have a life threatening emergency. With that said, I would say that about 99 percent of everybody who gets admitted does not qualify as life threatening. If I was a producer, I would do a reality show just on the waiting lobby alone. Cuz if you sit there long enough, you will witness a crap load of drama unfolding with every minute. No need for a script or auditions for actors, it doesn't get any realer than this! Took my wife here for a severe headache. Did the registration paperwork, etc. Then we sit and wait. This is where the magic begins. Right off the bat the people we sat next to were tryin to sell us tamales. At the moment I wasn't hungry but remember this incident. The lady to our left was in some kind of pain cuz she was hunched over and moaning. If you just walked in and was blind, you would think she was having some great sex cuz the whole time she was moanin, "Ohhhhhhh........Gooooooddddd! Oooohhhhhh Jesus!" This went on for about 2 hours before they finally admitted her. Wish I can post video with this review so you guys can get the full effect. After about 4 hours we are admitted. Now mind you, their ER bays are very small and you are only separated by the sliding curtains. I didn't know there was an old guy next to us until he woke up screaming, "IT HURTS! IT HURTS!" The reason why he woke up was because his pain meds wore off so they gave him more morphine is what I heard the nurse say. What's  funny is once they give it to him, he was already asking when the next dosage was. If you ask me I think he was a morphine addict.A couple of times I had to go back to the lobby because of a couple tests they had to do on my wife. Mind you I havnt eaten since lunchtime so I was starting to feel like Joe Pesci and the vending machine didnt have any Snickers of course. This is where the tamale dudes come in. Why they were still there I dont know. I didnt see any of them with a hospital band. Anyways, I got 2 beef tamales for 3 bucks. I was expecting the worse but it was actually good. Dont know if I was really hungry or these were the best tamales I ever had.These are events that I wanted to convey that I thought seemed surreal because the whole time I was wondering when Ashton Kutcher was gonna jump out cuz I swear I was being punk'd. If I actually told you guys every single funny detail, then this would not be a review anymore. Could be construed as a biography.Refer to my pic of the guy that has long gray hair. I swear he was a young clean shaven man when we first got there. The 4 hours we were in the waiting lobby you couldn't help but observe everything. I noticed everybody was on their phone and people actually brought their chargers knowing they were gonna be there a while. There were only 2 power outlets available so if you were one of the 4 lucky ones, time goes by faster for you. Of course, you cant go a couple hours without having to go to the bathroom. There are two unisex ones. Both stink, have no paper towels, and I dont think it matters if you use the sanitary cover sheets. So my wife finally gets the medical attention she needs. Long story short, we showed up at 5 pm, got admitted at 9, went home at 4 am. I gotta say the service we received was extraordinary. The events leading up to it were what is quite memorable and im not so sure that is in a good way. So everything equals to just ok. When you first get there it all seems hopeless and forlorn. But the great medical service made up for it. Still wouldn't be one of my first choices though.
1	Think I waited about 5-6 hours... which is not unusual for an E.R. Avoid going to the E.R. if at all possible (just in case you thought E.R.s were fun, or fast, or better than most urgent cares). The doctors and nurses were fine. The facilities were clean, although the patients (myself included) were obviously not.I had huge problems with their staff - the lady at the front desk who checks patients in took my contact and insurance info down, and I double checked that it was correct. Somehow this info gets translated incorrectly to the billing department. Never received a bill and find out about the debt from checking my credit history. Yes, my fault for not checking in with them after not receiving any bills for 6 months (life lesson learned) but really they lost my insurance info, sent mail to the wrong apartment number and never tried to call me? Over a year later I finally straightened out all the bills and got the debt removed from my credit sore, but it was a customer service nightmare.
5	I'm sorry for all of the other's experiences so I am only speaking for my own.  A loved one was admitted here after a drunk driving accident in April. It was a very serious injury that kept him here for more than thirty days in the ICU. They almost lost him. The doctors, nurses and all of the other supporting staff were incredible.  They saved my loved ones life. I was included in the morning rounds with the doctor's, nurses and students that are there to learn.  They included me in the conversation, accepted bits of information that I had to offer and actually used them to tweak his care. If you are in an accident and need life saving medical care, this is the place to be.  I spent more than 30 days watching on and off what these people do and I have nothing but the highest repect for them.
1	Recently unemployed and uninsured I had the unfortunate circumstance of becoming ill when my appendix ruptured. As I sat in the waiting room, vomiting and crying out in pain, they took me into the dingy, dirty emergency room and say me in the hall way in a wheel chair (I was in extreme pain and vomiting my guts out. They just left me there. It just so happened that a doctor (Dr. Young) was walking by to see another patient when he spotted me. He immediately told them to take me to cat scan, may be it was the vomiting, my crying out and the pale white color I had turned that he became concerned with. Well, the cat scan showed that my appendix had burst, they ran with me to the operating room, atlas I was saved. My problem was with the hospital room they had me in (437-A) It was  filthy, I was hospitalized for a total of 5 days and not once did anyone from the housekeeping staff come in and sweep, or mop or even empty the trash. The bathroom, each time I used it I had to bring a wash cloth with me to clean off the seat (the crackhead in the next bed looked and talked shady and I wasn't taking any chances) the floor next to the floor boards in the bathroom had about an inch of black crusted dirt.....I am not kidding. When it was time for my discharge they asked me if I wanted to shower, I politely declined and told them I would shower at home (I had given myself sponge baths). My concern is, isn't infection rampant in hospitals? I can certainly see why! I hope I never have to return there for my own health. The experience was eye-opening, the crackhead next to me said that she would take my medicine if I didn't want it (she had heard me tell the nurse when I didn't want it) telling me just act like I took it, I was mortified. She ate my food if I was sleeping and constantly had her crackhead friends there, the nurse told me that she was in and out of the hospital on a weekly basis looking for pain medication. UMC did you fire your housekeeping staff? Because if I had gotten a staff infection I would have certainly sued!
1	How UMC got ranked "best" hospital in Vegas and ranked among the top in the nation is beyond me. Pharmacy wait time to drop off scripts is 1+ hours. Filling scripts takes up to 36 hours. Picking up scripts is 2+ hours. Paperwork gets lost. Patients aren't notified. Scripts aren't filled and forgotten about. Scripts that do get filled are returned to the shelf if you don't pick up within their arbitrary time frame which they claim is a week but in reality was less. Wait time for an ultrasound took me 3+ hours and would've taken liner if I didn't complain. Somehow my paperwork got lost between the front desk and 10 feet to the tech. No wonder people self medicate.
1	This is most undoubtably, the worst hospital in the Las Vegas valley. Parking is always a nightmare, a vast majority of the staff is rude and show no care or compassion, Attending Physicians hardly communicate with each other or their Residents/RN's etc, parts of the hospital lack serious house-keeping, food in the cafeteria is never anything more than lukewarm, emergency room nurses are rude and condescending, it's far too easy to gain access to any part of the campus.My list goes on for DAY'S! Do NOT go to UMC. There are 20+ other hospitals that I'd rather spend my $1000's of dollars at.
1	I am going to try and be as objective as possible here. I went in with severe abdominal and back pain. I waited for about 30 minutes, which wasn't bad at all. It is important to mention I have no insurance and have my Medicaid application in process, but I do qualify. I let the intake nurse know this when I arrived. When I went back to triage, the nurse came in with a snarky attitude which I didn't mind too much with me being in pain. I didn't care. She drew three vials of blood and NEVER took them back for testing. The doctor reminded her to give me pain meds 3 times and she finally did with a nasty attitude. I went back for x-rays and an ultrasound. That all went fine. The workers were great and very attentive but by the time all of the testing was done, my doctor was off and I had a new one. The new doctor came in and told me what the ultrasound showed. He was nice. I asked him about my x rays and the blood tests. He said he didn't know anything about that and that I would be discharged. He said the nurse would be in to do paper work. I am still under the influence of pain meds and couldn't quite verbalize how shocked I was by the lack of information and attempt to look into it. I look to the left and on the tray I see MY vials of blood STILL sitting there. Are you kidding me? So, I start getting dressed and a NEW nurse comes in.. She tells me to get dressed so she can assess me. She has no idea what's going on. I tell her I'm being discharged and she asks if I'm confused! I repeat myself and tell her I'm not confused, but I may sound a bit loopy from the medication. She leaves and talks to my first nurse and confirms I'm being discharged. She walks me to the checkout desk where a very pretty woman tells me I owe $200.00. I tell her I have no money right now and I mentioned this on intake. Her reply, "We don't talk about money up front, but you should have common sense to know that you need to pay when you see a doctor. You shouldn't have come here if  you couldn't pay." I guess medical emergency means nothing to her and I wonder if she talks to the homeless people that come in this way.I let her know that I have Medicaid in place and they will back pay for up to a month before the paperwork is finalized. She states, "That doesn't matter, you owe money right now." I am crying at this point, somewhat unable to verbalize what I need to as I'm still foggy in the head. I just repeat I have no money and I don't know what to do from this point. She says, "What did you think they brought you to this desk for? To PAY. THAT'S WHAT!" She then rolls her eyes and states, "I'll just bill you but you need to pay this! It's in your best interest to pay!" I say okay and limp out of the ER to my friend confused about the entire ordeal. This place has some good workers mixed in with a lot of bad ones. I would NOT go here if you can avoid it. I have heard horror stories about "The Best Hospital in Las Vegas" but now I have my own. Go anywhere but here. I spent 7 hours in a place receiving little to know information about my condition and being scolded for no apparent reason. I miss Illinois. They had community care. If you could not pay, they would assign you a social worker to set you up with information about your options.
5	Contrary to popular opinion, my family found UMC West Charleston to be a stellar operation. I am highly critical of hospitals because I grew up with MD's, RN's, and convalescent home operators, but found UMC to be consistently clean, detail oriented, with plenty of trained staff to assist and tend to all calls. My 67 year old sister had a bad hip injury that was poo-pooed by too many, but when brought to UMC, they took her in right away and cared for her nonstop until released to a physical rehab center. Every doctor and potential doctor, plus every nurse, all support staff, and every member of the cleaning crew were sociable, professional, upbeat without being sappy. They made the grim task so much easier, so much lighter. This along with the top grade visitors' cafeteria earns UMC a 5-star rating.
5	My wife has been in and out of this place for the last 4 months....the best thing about this hospital are the nurses.....the fifth floor nurses rock...they are so knowlegable and always take extra time to make sure she is comfortable. The rooms are clean and spacious.....Tameka rocks!!!!!!!
1	Dont go to the emergency room unless you have 3-4 hours.  I am here with a sick littlegirl and it is going on 3 hours!! sunset and summerlin hospitals are worth the drive time
1	I was here one time to have my son delivered via c section. The people doing the operation were very nice and fun to be with while I was getting cut open. Lol We'll I'm in labor and their getting the room ready and a doctor comes in and starts speaking Spanish to me. I don't know Spanish, I'm just brown. he just assumed I didn't speak English. After having my operation I wasn't asked if I was planning on breast feeding and without my permission immediately stuck a bottle in his mouth without me knowing. I don't know what is wrong with the nursing staff in that unit, they must all be ignorant or something. They came off very stupid and rude to me. 2 nurses actually snapped at me and one gave me some nasty attitude about doing skin to skin with my son. I do not recommend this hospital. Theirs a hospital down a ways but it's called Valley View hospital. I love that place. Go their.
2	Went here for pneumonia. Emergency room dirty and packed. Horrible reception staff. Nurses in ER especially Erin was awesome. Went into IMC/ICU for pneumonia and empyema. Docs inserted a chest tube. Which they did not drain enough and ended up hospitalized again 2 weeks later with a new chest tube at mike o Callaghan hospital (horrible ER awesome ICU care and specialized docs/pulmonoligist). UMC ICU had the worst CNA's (Sally was the worst no respect and careless) and nurses (1 good nurse Teresita she helped when she was assigned to me). They were rude. Esp the fact most were Filipino nurses. I am Filipino and my wife is white as snow. They did not treat her with any respect.  Careless and no care for the pain I was in.Rude, dirty, bad care, bad doctors on decisions to discharge patients when not fully recovered. Hopefully new president fixes the patient care here.
5	I have been here 2x this month for surgery for my child and husband. Both times staff was amazing!! They are great at care and do an excellent surgery/ recovery care. Check in prior and blood work can be more timely and frustrating then the actual procedure
5	We had no choice to go here being from out of town the doctor we saw in an emergency situation during our vacation does surgery here .  I read reviews and was so scared to go here.  Let tell you that from check in to check out everything was professional and everyone went above and beyond. Surgery went perfect, nurses were awesome we are very pleased.
1	WORST SERVICE EVER! And they make you wait a stupid amount of time, good luck if you waltz in here with an emergency they'll treat you like you're at the DMV.
1	BEWARE!!!I visited the office in July 2012 for a routine appointment.  The front desk told me my payment was $20, which I paid on the spot.  2 YEARS LATER (literally June 2014), they sent me an additional bill, claiming they had performed an audit and saying that I owed additional money.  They've threatened to send my balance to claims if I don't pay it.  I'm fine with having to pay additional money, out-of-pocket, if that's what I owe.  But don't send me a bill 2 YEARS LATER because your internal system and processes are screwed up!
1	Horrible service. Waiting for almost 3 hours just to get discharged. I don"t understand why they are included.in the 100 best hospitals. Please re review.
1	UMC is terrible at keeping family members informed. I sat in the waiting room for 7 hours total while my husband sat in the ER waiting for doctors to stitch him up. Took hours for a doctor to come in and check him out. Took another couple of hours for doctors to discharge him. If you're looking for immediate help go to another hospital unless you want to sit and wait for hours on end.
5	Yesterday I went to the emergency room for what I thought were broken ribs. The male intake nurse was extremely kind. He told me that they were very busy, he called the trauma unit, put me in a wheelchair and brought me over there explaining the entire time that I would be seen much quicker there than in the ER and that my injury could be quite serious.  Upon entering the trauma area, not only was it clean but I was interviewed , ex-rayed , and discharged in about one hour. The entire staff was courteous, professional and compassionate. I read the many reviews about UMC and entered with trepidation.  I brought my charger and food expecting a long wait. I can tell you I was impressed with the hospital and staff and will not hesitate to go there should another need arise.Great job and kudos to the staff who most certainly deserve better reccomendations than they have thus far received!
5	I've been to the L& D ward once in my pregnancy so far. The staff was very nice and I was seen right away. They were helpful and gentile and made me feel reassured. They offer free childbirth classes, classes for kids becoming an older sibling for the fist time, and free 'daddy boot camp' classes and we've taken advantage of them!I know some people say bad things about this hospital, but I've only had good experiences with them!
1	The worst day of my life was here. My dad fell and scraped his arm and he didn't know it but he actually hit his head very hard. They fixed his arm and sent him home. They said they would have a specialist call him in because there was some bruising on his head. The specialist didn't call and my dad had a seizure at home. He went back in and they realized he was bleeding in his brain. By the time they realized this, it was too late. He passed away. From something that could have been helped. They waited too long and sent him home. They also put him in a regular room and we're going to send him home AGAIN after he had a seizure. The doctor took almost a day and a half to see him and realize it was an emergency. They gave him blood pressure pills which put him to sleep and never woke up. When the nurses were explaining this to me they were so relaxed and we're laughing a couple minutes before telling me my dad was brain dead. I have never felt so disrespected and mistreated. If you can help it, please go somewhere else.
1	This Emergency Room is the worst. The registrars are sitting behind their desks gossiping about patients. Security is standing around laughing at the gossip. Heartless and brutal. Patients are sitting in the lobby, moaning and groaning. Why sign up for a job that puts you in a position to genuinely help and care over people if it's clearly the bane of your existence? #WhereIsTheLove
5	I had a wonderful experience here the other day. I was in and out in 2 hours. I wasn't treated any differently because I have no insurance. I was seen by Dr Healey and she gave me the attention I needed and listened to everything I had to say. And knew exactly what was wrong with me. Gave me a lot of info and even referred me to a doctor because I'm new here and wanted to help me. Another doctor came in to check me out and he was also wonderful. Made me feel comfortable. No complaints from me about this hospital. Just because it's a county hospital doesn't automatically make it have bad employees. Good hospital, I'd give it more stars if I could
1	They don't even deserve a star I would rather die on the streets then go here. It's a joke docs don't show up, pain meds aren't give out at the right times, and they have more cleaning crews then nurses and it's not even that clean. Go somewhere else if u can stay as far from this place as possible
1	You guys aren't going to get your money. I need to speak to a case manager as soon as possible.
5	Ok...it's a County Hospital...I get that...but it is difficult for me to understand some of the negative comments (am wondering if some are from friends of competing hospitals...or mayb just a bit negative by nature?).My experience at UMC has been excellent (not "as good as it gets as in Perfecto"...but exceptional nonetheless). one morning at 3:30am I needed to be driven to the ER here...and the RN's and the MD's were true servant leaders who all deserve a medal with appreciation and respect.
1	Just called the nurse's station phone lime provided on the web site to ask a few questions. Probably the rudest woman in Nevada to answer the phone. Could not believe what I was hearing. Called Thursday around 10:20 AM - January 1, 2015
