5	One of the best brownies ever. Period. And the chocolate chip cookies were awesome also.  I drove past this place since i didn't know what I was looking for.  Set in a small village looking area on the east side of the street, the building is small and well decorated.  The staff was very friendly and sweet.The chocolate brownies tasted like they'd just been baked moments ago.  They come individually wrapped which makes it a great gift for others.  The cookies don't come wrapped but they won't last long after you take your first bite.  They do have ice cream and I was very tempted to have a sundae if everything else was that good.  I just might have to stop in this weekend.....
5	Only THE best brownie EVER! And, when I feel too guilty eating them myself, I turn into a food pusher and buy them as gifts for other people because they are so yummy! These are the kind of brownies you dream about... like literally. Not: you dream of ever finding a brownie like this. You ACTUALLY may have dreams about eating one! It's totally worth the drive to Gilbert (or you can order online and have them shipped if it's that much trouble for you) AND they offer a delicious brownie sundae where you pick any one of their 16 brownie flavors... they heat it up and top it with two scoops of ice cream plus the sundae topping of your choice. The sundaes are around $4. The chocolate macaroon frenzy is my personal fave! Brownie's by themselves are around $2.50. Watch the hours though: Pretty much "daytime" hours and they're closed on Sunday.
5	I picked up some brownies as holiday treats this year and they did not disappoint! These are the richest, chocolatiest, moistest, biggest (3" square) brownies you will find! I'm tellin' ya! TOTALLY worth the drive to Gilbert - except they're taking their own holiday break right now, so you'll have to wait until after Jan. 4, 2010 to get your fix! Still, worth the drive and worth the wait!!
5	Best brownies I have ever had the pleasure of meeting! I stopped in here after breakfast at The Gilbert House, and fell in love. Their chocolate macaroon frenzy brownie was heavenly.  Definitely a treat, and they ship too! They have a list of their flavors on their website, but its better to stop in, smell the delicous goodness, and view their cute gifts!
5	BEST Brownie I've had in my life! Stopped in and got a cream cheese brownie. I went to the grocery store after and had it sitting in my car in the hot summer heat... when I got home it was warm like it was fresh out ot the oven. Warm and gooey... just perfect!
5	I love this place!!! A variety box of brownies was given to my company as a gift for Christmas. I tried the double chocolate and was immediately hooked. I managed to cut myself off though and bring half of the brownie home to my hubby. He absolutely loved it! That is saying a lot as he is very picky when it comes to his brownies. He didn't even like Fairytale brownies and I will admit, Fairytale has nothing on The Brownie Connection. I bought him 3 more a couple weeks later and he devoured them saying each time that he was pretty sure its the best brownie evar! I love how cute and small this place is and the mother daughter team that owns it are very sweet and friendly. A little pricey for a brownie as most of these bakery's are. However, I will splurge on occasion for my hubby since he loves them and I concur with him that they are great.Update: OMG, just read on their website that the team that owns this place is retiring. There is no where to even shop on their website. I think they may no longer be in business. I am completely devastated! Just when I became a fan too!
