3	So I came here on opening night (2/28/14) and it was so-so. It's basically like a sports bar meets dance club - an interesting combo. The music was excellent, great DJ's all night! That was definitely a highlight and there's lots of space for dancing! Another highlight! However, the crowd barely danced. It wasn't packed but it was still well to do, so I would have expected more people dancing but they were mainly just standing, lounging, or hanging around and talking. My friends and I definitely danced despite the lack of energy in the place. We had a VIP table and the service was EXCELLENT. They poured generously and were always at your side if you needed anything - and with a smile! There's tons of security and there wasn't a line at the front despite being opening night, meaning they were organized! The place itself is okay. The numerous monitors were bothersome but I guess they're for the daytime sports bar image. They still played sports on there and news while it seemed like they intended people to dance during the time I was there (11pm-2am). It seems like there is a lack of identity or rather a confused identity of this place. The structure of the place was great. Lots of free seating, and the VIP tables were comfortable. The dance floor is large. With extra space through out the place to dance. There's tons of seating at the bar, and there's also an outdoor patio. In addition to that there's pool tables and other games on the opposite side of the dance floor. It's an interesting concept because although many sports bars are known to turn into dance clubs at night (e.g. Firehouse on mill or old town) this place provides much more space to dance, seating, better DJ's, other activities (e.g. pool), and easy parking (private lot - lots of space)! So overall, it's not a bad place, it's just not for me. I need a proper dance club like Mint or Maya.Oh since it's a sports bar they do serve food, and a friend ordered their nachos which were amazing. So the food is fantastic! Maybe come here during the day to watch a game instead of coming at night to dance?
4	Stopped in with the kids for lunch. Basic American menu with stepped up ingredients. Pizza burgers sandwiches, bar food apps. Beer list is great. Seating has plenty of booths. Tables in between. Pool tables and tons of tvs to watch. Food- App- had the Mac and cheese- no Kraft box Mac and cheese here. Real cheese sauce- real good. Burgers and pasties were above average. S'mores dessert is a must have. Prices were all fair until we got the bill. Beer prices are not listed on the board and there are premium and super premium markups on some of the varieties they carry. SP- expect 6.95$ for 16oz and P- 5.95$. Lunch bill total 59$ for 2 beers, 1 app, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert. Would go back, but probably wait for a happy hour.
1	Hands down the worst beer menu of any beer bar that I have ever been to.  This place has 50 beers on tap and it is literally the least creative list you will ever find.  A few 4 Four Peaks and a couple San Tans and then the rest is made up of commercial brewery fare (Dos Equis, Stella, Newcastle, etc)  If you enjoy craft beer don't bother.  Also don't expect quick service.  Little girls in over their heads in tight little black dresses.  SLOW...
1	Came in here with 3 friends after a Padres spring training game. We were seated quickly but that was the extent of their good service. Waitress took 5 minutes to get our drink order and didn't even know which beers on tap were craft beers, which for a bar that boasts that they have 50+ taps is really sad. When we corrected her that the Green Flash West Coast IPA was craft she replied with a sharp "YEAH" like it was wrong of us to tell her that. We ordered our drinks and then sat for another 10 minutes waiting for them. Which we never saw the bartender pour so we decided to walk out. 15 minutes of nothing...all I have to say is poor service. I find the waitresses outfits to be tacky and purposefully slutty. Very demeaning to women, in my opinion. Also, where the heck are the vegetarian options? People don't eat meat and you're excluding a large market
1	Went on a Thursday 3/13/2014 at about 5:30pm, was excited to try a new place in the Arrowhead District. Stood at the entry for 8 minutes or more waiting to be seated, and nothing! No greeting, no "hey come on in, seat yourself"??? Nothing! So we turned around and walked out. I know they are new, hopefully working out the kinks? May give it one more shot.. Since I couldn't even get seated, so can't input on the food or drinks...
3	Like the others said, we were seated quickly but service wasn't quick. The pretzels and cheese cause were good. The Bbq'd burger was not anything to brag about. We liked the tater lots. The veggie side was too oily and lacking in broccoli and carrots. Big select of beer. I'll give them another chance since they've only been open for three weeks.
2	This is the old McDuffy's across from Peoria Sports Complex. They really had a chance to get off to good start during Spring Training but as others have noted here, the service we got was pretty bad and in my opinion food was average and overpriced. $11 for a burger and frozen tater tots. $2 Dos Equis during March Madness balanced it out a bit on our visit. Although we had several issues with our waitress and her apparent indifference towards her job, our lasting impression is waitresses standing around texting/staring at their phones in the entry to the kitchen while we waited for ice tea and water refills. Unfortunately we were not the only table being ignored as several others were not real thrilled either. Topping it off was a table of 5 who had just come from a game that night - they waited about 5 minutes, no one came over to take care of them so they left.If you're going to put the money into opening a place like this, invest in people who can make it successful. Spring Training is about done, the tourists are going home, and crappy service will not inspire the locals to return. .
3	I think it has the makings if a great spot.. going through the new place blues a little but great beers on tap and the food was great! I got the meat head pizza and pretzel appetizers.. we will give this place a little to work out the details of a new place but it could be great! And we will be back!
5	A nice change from the seemingly endless chain restaurants that dot the west side. Very open layout inside with a wide assortment of draft beers to choose from. You also get a free flight of 4 beers that seem to rotate on a daily basis so who can complain about that?I've been a few times and all of the food I have tried has been excellent including Nachos, Buffalo Chicken Quesadilla, Pastie Flight and Pizza.Our waitress Emily was very friendly and attentive and made sure my beer mug was never empty.Looking forward to coming back to try more food and drink options!
5	We have had great service the 3 times that I have been there. I had the turkey sandwich and also the green chili burger. Both were very good. The beer selection is great, the booths are spacious and the atmosphere is like a nice brew pub. I haven't been upstairs or on deck.
5	Loved it! Service was excellent! Had a green pork chili pasties and was delicious! Looking fwd to coming back for happy hour! Great happy hour deals. Only suggestion would be to get more craft beers on tap but overall menu looks great!
4	Great beers & awesome bartenders. Good place to have a great time. They have a couple pool tables and juke box with Rebelution, Iration, Expendables, The Green and many more great bands. I wouldn't mind if they added a few more bands like Soja, Tribal Seeds, Tomorrow's Bad!
4	Very good food, great drink specials during happy hour, fantastic selection on draft, and great games (2 pool tables, 2 dart boards, 1 shuffle board table, horse betting and poker). The wait staff was very nice and personable also very attractive! I think this place would make an awesome country western bar. I'd be there all the time if they had dancing!
2	This place is really trendy looking, but the service and their DJ suck! We went here for the first time on a Saturday. We sat at the table for 15 mins until someone finally approached us. They have a big variety of beers, but don't think you can just look over at the beer taps and decide. They don't have the makers taps, so you either have to read the tiny labels next to the taps, read the huge menu with the small print that they hand you, or squint to see the hand written beer menu on the wall. I was so frustrated that I just ordered a Budlight. As for the DJ, this guy blows! Might as well just turn on the a 'top hits' radio station. He was playing the same stuff you hear on the radio all day long. It's no wonder the dance floor was empty. A "Real DJ" knows how to connect to his crowd, no matter where you are.
3	Ok, so I didn't even know they were here, the last I knew it was still empty after the miserable failure of 3rd Place.  Could someone advertise or put up some flags/banners to let people more than 10 feet away know you're open?  I am really glad to see that the Draft House is there.  The West Valley is so lacking in places to get a strong sampling of craft beers.  Everyone has the traditional domestics and usually 1 craft from 2 or 3 classes.  That's not the case here, though I still give their selection a 3 out of 5.  You're the tallest midget in the West Valley, but the selection is still largely corporate and lacks feel.  I have a sneaky suspicion that a large part of the reason for this are the local distributors, however.  Spread your wings a bit and really embrace the craft market and you'll see great results.  Also, you're not in Scottsdale, you don't have to be so proud of your "premium", "ultra premium" craft selections.  When I can get a six pack of what you're pouring at the local grocery store you can chill out on your pricing.  Seriously, doubling your volume but lowering your margin will make you more money.Did I mention doing things to let people know you're open?The comments about the wait staff I think were maybe indicative of a brand new establishment that rushed to open without enough time for training.  We were greeted right away and shown to a table.  We were told who our server would be (Sophie) and she came around right away.  She brought us a couple of samples of beers to help us decide.  She knew the menu well and could give us sincere endorsements of items (try the hummus, and the green chili pastie).  I read the other reviews while I was at my table so I observed the rest of the wait staff.  Everyone seemed on their game, attentive and engaging, and there were typically 2 bartenders every time I looked.  The fries were terrific too.The long and the short of it is I'm glad they're here and I will be back.  My fear is that they won't be there long because the beer is too expensive for what it is and there's nothing to draw people in. PS, get rid of the Union Jack.  There is nothing here that makes you seem the slightest bit like an English Pub.  Pasties on your menu?  Ooh, ahh.  You've got so much potential, don't cheapen yourselves.
1	2 of my friends and I went in here after hockey today. Sat at the bar and sat.... and sat.....and sat. Nobody even said we will be right with you. Me being someone in the service industry sees this and it makes me sick. Every time the bartenders walked past us they put their heads down. That was a waste and in my opinion pathetic. Keep serving the drunk dudes at the bar and ignore new customer's. That will keep your business open
4	Beer selection is pretty extensive for the Glendale area. 27+ televisions for the sports fanatics- a mix between hipster and and sports guru. Shuffleboard and pool tables available for the active types while there is plenty of comfortable seating for the laid back folks. Nice for people who appreciate various off-the-beaten-path brews.
1	So we decided to give this place a 2nd chance since our first visit was on a late Saturday night. We grabbed some friends and decided to go on a Sunday afternoon. We thought "it should be slow, and service should be better". We walked up, saw the hostess station, but no hostess. When she finally came around, there was no big "HELLO", "Welcome to xxxx", just a little smirk. When the waitress finally took our food order, there was a list of items she went through that were NOT available. Who runs out of their popular items, and wings? I really doubt they sold out the night before like she claimed, it was probably just bad management.This place has booster chairs around making it look kid friendly, but they don't have a kids menu.So after taking our drink and food order, we didn't see her again for another 12 minutes. I was about to get up and find another server to bring us some more waters.Besides not having the kids menu, the food was actually good. The fries were extra crispy just like we ordered, the burger had a lot of flavor, and the pasties were great. The Chicken Pot Pie pastie was very flavorful. We were disappointed not trying the green chili pastie (one of the many items not available that day). On the bad side, we had to basically clean up our own table......while the server was there watching us!Management doesn't seem to care about this place. If they cared, there wouldn't be outlets without their covers, empty paper towel dispensers, non-working dirty looking TV's, and damaged mirrors in the men's restroom. We gave this place a 2nd chance, and I don't think their will be a third.
1	I had no idea this place was even open.  I heard that the owner owns an advertising company?  If so, he should know how to get the word out.  Anyway, we had an hour before our movie started and stopped in for a beer and an appetizer.  They have a decent selection of craft beers but the service is slow and the food is not good at all.  The server seemed annoyed at times when we had questions.  I always like to see independent companies be successful i.e. The Haymaker, but I give this place 6 months max.  If an established brand like McDuffy's coudn't make it, I don't know why this place would.
4	Great food. Mac and cheese is awesome. Burgers are awesome. Going to try the caprese panini next. Went there on a living social deal and couldn't be happier with the food or the bartender. Great place. We will definitely be back.
5	I'm so happy that Draft house came into the location where McDuffys used to be. I loved that place too but Draft house has like 50 rotating taps of craft beer from California to New York. All American exclusive craft brews. Pool tables, darts, shuffle board and an awesome upstairs patio. And you should go! You'll Thank me later :D
1	Things seemed promising when we walked in. The atmosphere seemed like a fun English Pub Style with lots of wood and some stone work.Things seemed even more promising when they presented us with samples of complimentary beer.Then things went down hill.We ordered two pasties. The waitress come back a few minutes later and says they are out of one of them. No big deal we pick another. A few minutes latter the waitress comes back again and says they are out of our second choice  so another few minutes pass by and they are out of the second choice. So we have to make a third choice but don't pick the chicken one because we are out of that one two because our baker isn't in yet. The waitress says you can have the meat n taters for free so my husband asks whats in the meat in taster? The waitress wasn't trained to know what was in it so she just got a menu for my husband to read and he says OK.So I'm thinking only yesterday's leftovers are available.We wait a long time for the meat hand pies to arrive.Unfortunately I didn't check my silverware until my food arrived. The first two silverwares I unrolled WERE FILTHY! (see photo) the other rolls didn't look as bad so I used my water to wash them down. I NOTE IF I KNEW THESE WERE SO FILTHY I WOULD HAVE LEFT before the food arrived. I couldn't help but thinking if the silverware was THAT BAD then maybe the plates and pots and pans might be just as BAD OR WORSE.  Our Meat Pies arrive and mine the Traditional isn't awful but isn't so good. I think the recipe is good meaning if it was made fresh it would be good but the one I had was all dried out inside with dry meat in it and I already know it was leftover from at least yesterday. I did the right thing and told my waitress and she apologized but I do think management should have made an appearance at this point.My stomach is spinning and I use the restroom. (see photo)  Then my stomach turned even more from the sewage smell and over flowing garbage. (It looked like Sara Silvia Stout was in charged of the garbage duty.......Google Sara Silvia Stout Song).This place has potential but Management needs to train staff on menu.Management needs to have someone on who can make the pasties during opening hours.Management needs to supervise basic cleaning duties.Management needs to take an interest in on going problems.No I will not return or recommend.Draft House or Drek House?
1	This place STEALS FROM THERE GUEST! We went in on a Thursday night, went to the bar order 2 large COORS LIGHTS and a GIN & TONIC. We were there to play poker so we asked bartender what the bill was she said $26, I asked her to transfer the tab to waitress serving poker, bartender said yes and I TIPPED HER $3 (3 drinks, $3 tip). We then order a sandwich with waitress. And we're told that poker beers were only $2 ($6.50 cheaper then what we were charged at the bar). We order 3 more $2 poker beers and got our tab which was $41.00, we paid in cash and tipped waitress $9 (Poker waitress was amazing). The next day we noticed we had been charged $26 on our credit card. Called Draft House 4 times, we were told we had to talk to GM and they would have him return our calls, we got no return calls, we then twice went in to try and talk to GM and show proof, again we got the run around. After 6 try's. We were over it! We will never return to a place the OUT RIGHT STEALS FROM THERE GUEST! Such a sham because the place has a really cool atmosphere.
4	Great beer selection. Many on tap and I was offered a free flight of beer to sample some. Many TV's so great for sports watching. I tried the happy hour sliders and they were very good. Not sure how long they have been open and I remember this place under another name. Based on some of the other negative reviews I assume they had some opening difficulties as most new restaurant do.
2	tl;dr It tries really hard to be a restaurant that's taken seriously AND a sports bar where you can let loose, and ends up being below average in every category except square footage. No, the beer doesn't make up for it.Oh, are you about to read the entire review? I like you. I can't quite put my finger on why the northwest valley is prone to having less than mediocre nightlife. It feels like everything cultured, classy, and crazy ventured off to Roosevelt, Scottsdale, and Mill, respectively. All of those areas have reputations, and the Arrowhead area is just a wasteland of chained restaurants, young parents trying settle down and put their ASU days behind them, and simple, blue collar workers who don't wanna live further south cause...ya know...But what we really want to explore here is whether this fresh, new bar, which has been flaunted on local news can be a watering hole that hangs with the concepts it shares similarities with, such as Angel's Trumpet, Yard House, or Mellow Mushroom. So we'll look at beer, food, and environment. The beer selection, which is supposed to be the main attraction here, is really a huge disappointment. Okay, they've got the basic Bud/Miller/Coors. Then the local brews from Four Peaks that pretty much everyone else does. I'm happy to see San Tan this far west, but that's nothing to write home about. Then we've got Widmer, Deschutes, and Leinenkugel...hey, wait a second. Did management pull the inspiration for this beer selection from an aisle in Safeway?Here's some advice. Rotate in more brews like Green Flash IPA, which is well-known to beer snobs, yet accessible to everyone else. All but maybe 5-6 really popped out to me as something I don't see everywhere else. Another option is to get lesser-known brews from really popular breweries. The only example I see of this is the Deschutes Red Chair (which I had), which you can't get just anywhere. Even local brews like Raj and Sex Panther are hard-to-find compared to their more mainstream siblings. Finally, the pricing of the beer doesn't make sense. Heineken and Newcastle are by no means "Super Premium" brews that warrant charging a buck more than almost everything else. I LOL'd hard, and it shows someone upstairs doesn't know what they're doing.Okay, I need to talk about something more positive: The layout. Everything is new and shiny. There's a pool table and a giant couch, room to socialize that you wouldn't expect from a restaurant like this. That sets it apart a little bit from the restaurants that boast dozens of taps, but are sitting and bar room only. Pretty cool. I admittedly haven't tried much of the food, especially when they messed up pretzel sticks of all things. It's a simple bread with an "IPA cheese sauce". Bread had WAY too much salt, with only a hint of flavor. the sauce itself had a curdled texture, indicating it was prepared incorrectly and at too high a temperature. It should have paired well with my smooth IPA, but was disappointing. I scanned the menu for other options, but it all looked generic...well, except for a buffalo chicken quesadilla. Sounds good, but I wasn't trusting their culinary expertise enough at the moment. Finally, I've gotta have a few quick remarks about value. Prices are average. The happy hour looks legit, but 11pm is kinda sorta late for a Sun-Thurs reverse HH. When it starts at 10 everywhere else, that hour could be the difference in getting the business of someone partying early in the work week. Overall, there are some positive things to say about Draft House, but besides the vast space, everything is average at best. If I want to try new beers, there are better places to do so down the road. If I want to shoot pool and watch sports, I can get that elsewhere on Bell. As for food? You picked the wrong street to open up shop on if you can't cook. I'll give it another try eventually, but I'm in no hurry.
4	Very good food. Great price for the amount of amazing food you get. Had the meat and potato pastie. Husband had the margarita pizza. It was a happy hour price and could have fed 4 people. The pretzel sticks were great too. Not too kid friendly, though.
1	Went in for a beer at around 930pm, and they were out of the first 5 beers I ordered. Wasn't happy about that. I was going to order food, but the table next to me had nachos and they looked terrible. It looked like chips with melted cheese whiz on top of them and a few beans and sour cream. Probably going to be looking for a different place next time.
3	Not really a fan of the west valley in general, but this place has good food and cheap drinks. Try the Mac and cheese!
4	Been here a few times now and must say I enjoy the happy hour beer specials and the food menu is pretty good as well. I've had a few items off the appetizer menu as well as food of the regular menu and I must admit they all tasted pretty good but my favorite items have been the salads so far. The pizza was so-so as I think they could upgrade on the tomato sauce to perhaps give it better flavor. The staff has been hit or miss, a couple times at the bar with the same two guys and must admit they had the driest personalities with everyone at the bar but I sat at a table today and the waitress was amazing. Not only was she on her J.O.B. but she knew how to talk to customers and made the visit more pleasant which ended up with my group staying a couple extra hours and running up the bill.
4	My wife and I were a little reluctant after seeing some of the reviews, but what the heck there isn't much new in the west valley. Short and sweet, I'm glad we did. Just what we wanted and hoped for close to our home. Sports bar atmosphere with a lot of tv's, pool tables, couches, dart boars and even a shuffle board. We appreciated the LARGE selection of beer. I liked the decor with the wood and stone. Our pizza was really good and the menu has a typical selection of bar food, but a good quality. No dirty forks or some of the other complaints I saw. Oh yeah, I saw a good selection of vodkas. Our bartender/waitstaff Mary was friendly, courteous and gave some excellent recommendations.....ask for her. We will be back.
1	This is my first review, this place was so below acceptable standards I just had to. At first glance the place is nice with tv.s and space . Went for food and a couple ,sat at hightop  no server for 30 minutes. Went and sat at bar,  seems as if we were bothering her to order, didn't ask if we wanted menus, ordered wings, tasted like freezer burn, Mac and cheese tasteless, philly just not good. I rarely complain, hence my first review, bartender clocked out and counted her tips next to us , now no server. I ate my Mac with  my friends knife cause I had no silverware, they still received a undeserved tip. 60,00 for this abuse.
4	After scouring Yelp for places to take my craft beer lovin' girlfriend for her going away dinner, I ended finding Draft House and it was absolutely perfect. We rolled in at about 8:15pm on a Saturday night and were seated immediately. This place is HUGE. Two levels with a couple of pool tables, darts, and shuffle board. The beer selection is ridonkulous. 96 beers and a full bar to quench every alcoholic's thirst. Our waitress was my least favorite part of the night. Immediately, you could tell that she didn't want to be there. She was unpleasant and not very friendly at all. She basically took our order and sauntered off.The food however was amazingggg. My beau and I had the sliders (cheeseburger & cheesesteak) and both were fantastic. My girls had the grilled cheeses and a caprese salad, all very very good. Overall, Draft House is pretty dope. The drinks were good, the beer selection was obviously up to par. I look forward to coming back here with my beer guzzlin' peeps and shooting some pool soon!
5	Huge selection of draft beer and a really unique food menu--especially for Peoria!  We received great service and i really appreciated the big selection of tv's.  I started out by ordering a cold Union Jack draft--perfect pour, followed by some apps.  I ordered the mac n cheese which was delish.Only the second time I'd had an English pasty and it was phenomenal--light crust with lots of goodness inside, like a total meal inside a pie crust!  This place is huge with a lot of room for groups (which I will be bringing) and televisions galore, even off track betting--who knew?  Highly recommend Draft House for ice cold beer and great food.
1	Went in looked nice. That is where it ended. Bad service, it took 20 minutes to get our drinks and then they took our order. We ordered an appetizer and three meals. They brought them all together 40 minutes later. Everything was cold. We will not be back again.
1	This place is a nightmare . The first two IPAs recommended to me by the server were apparently out. She recommended them and them came with the reply of unfortunately these are out . Her third recommendation wasn't even an IPA. Then when we ordered our food they were out of the item my friend ordered . The nachos a friend ordered were brought out 15 minutes before our food came out . Then when we asked for ketchup, we were told they were all out of it ? What kind of bar runs out of ketchup ? The bus boys were spanking the girls with the same wet towels they use to wipe tables down , and the manager was a complete fool. Our server was very sweet and obviously embarrassed of all the poor things this restaurant had going for it.  Honestly, the bus boy was my biggest complaint . Specifically the tool bag spanking all the girls in the middle of the restaurant and poking their stomachs . Pathetic . We will never come back to this place . Which is truly unfortunate because the seating and abundance of TVs is great for sports.
1	Looks like someone decided not to pay their rent. Tried to come here tonight and the landlord repossessed the building. Good job management.
4	The service was great and staff very accommodating. Good food and would recommend checking this place out. Bathrooms clean nice decor. Did fantasy draft party there and had a great time.
5	Management done right!This is under new management and Renee knows her stuff. The place has some great beers on tap and is working towards being part of the Craft Brewer Association so server skill and selection will go up.Additionally this place is family friendly, plays music at  level in which you can have a dinner conversation and yet still has the TVs to show games.The food is decent but could use some improvement. I think with time that will improve.Give it a shot. It's worth it.
3	I wasn't looking to eat here tonight but some of our usual haunts were busy. Drove by and saw a modest crowd so we decided to give it a shot. Let me say that they look like they are really trying to make this place a go, so I am giving them 3 stars for now but if they were open longer than a few weeks, then this place probably only gets 2 from me. For starters - pick a theme and BE that. This place has such a muddled visual message that I didn't know what I was looking at. Are you trying to be a sports bar? West side hot-spot?  Action Bar with games?  Martini Bar?  The place is attractive, but has a choppy feel since the seating is kind of all over the map with tight booths, high top tables in the center of the floor, and lots of bar stools.  Not a great place to push tables together for a big group. It really isn't inviting to the demographic nearby - which is minivan infested Westside families. Play to your strengths!  You're also surrounded by hotels with out-of-towners who want to get out of their rooms. Give them a reason to abandon the lobby bar to  watch the games in your joint.  Hold off on the loud music when big sporting events are on and pipe in the game. This is a transplant city!  Make your bar "the watch site" for some rustbelt city or college program and watch your fan base grow!  Later on at night when your crowd changes over, THEN put the loud music back on. Adjust!Make it easy and inviting to bring in a family of four.  If I was a parent, I wouldn't feel like this is a place that wants my business.  That also means having bigger, more roomy booths, and lower tables in the middle of the floor. On to the food:  Not much to tell here. The Burgers we ordered (swiss mushroom, and bbq bacon cheese) were fairly good although they looked extremely small to me. Thick burger patty, smallish bun, stacked high with meat, cheese, and a tall bun with a small circumference. I don't recommend cutting them in half as my wife tried and never was able to pick it back up. It was a Tasty burger but I should have opted for the fries. I went with the tater tots and they were extremely greasy.  Bake them instead of the fryer maybe?  The fries on the other hand were perfect!  Onion rings were another option but neither of us opted for that.  So for now, 3 stars but after a few more months this effort wont cut it.
5	Visited for the first time! Came to watch football and had a great time! Definitely  home away from home-will definitely be back!The service was superb! Smiles and positive attitude and craziness by the lovely Renee. She made me the beautiful and delicious Bloody Mary posted on here. Bloody Mary with all the fixings. : ) All the staff there were also super friendly. The food was great! So started out by trying to be good and ordered the caprese salad. It  was a large size and was delicious. However, once I saw everyone else's food temptation began. Like the salad wasn't enough. So I tried the wings, pizza, a bite of a burger, Parmesan tator tots and fries with this delicious blue cheese dip-yum. ALL were delicious. Plan on being good-total fail! Oh-did I mention that I had the cookie with ice cream? Well had a taste of that too. Freakin yummy!! Such a great experience that I booked my birthday party there!! Can't wait!!! Thank you!!
4	I don't know what some of the reviewers mean about the food being bad.  I think the burgers are some of the best around.  The Meathead Pizza is outstanding.We were there on Thursday night and the NFL game was on several TVs along with a college game if you cared to watch it.  The sound was just loud enough to hear the game without it drowning our our conversation.It's true the seating is a little strange but the place has a friendly feel and the service was very good.We first came here with a coupon and now have been back several times and we'll go back gain.
2	The good - the food was pretty good, the prices were nice and the atmosphere was fun. The bad - the service. When seated and you look down and it's literally been 15 minutes since someone has even acknowledged you, there's a problem. Once we flagged down the server to ask if we could order a beer she said, "uh, sure."  It was not a busy Sunday afternoon when we arrived at 4:15 and by 5:15, had yet to receive our food.The beer was priced right and the BLT was good but there's a lot of competition in this area and when you're new, hire the right staff from the beginning and 'over service' your customers to keep them coming back.
1	Enviorment is cool, open, not crowded but as service lacks, I can see why.  Poor service, oscar Meyer's sandwich meat for a $10 turkey sandwich, tube ground beef for a $13 burger.  Pay the $3 more and go to hillstone, 5 star dining and well worth a $60 tab for two. I do not recommend this place. No toilet paper, brutal, paper towels...ouch, handsoap smells nice and they have darts. That's where the star comes into play.
4	We have been here before when it was the old management and it sucked! As you can tell I don't beat around the bush about to many things. We came in on Monday 9/29/14 and gave it another try since we heard they had new management and I gotta say you could see the difference! We noticed that they have a special when there is a football game on they have for $20 you get a pizza, 10 wings and a large pitcher of beer! So we tried it out and it was FANTASTIC! I will definitely be back!!!
4	This place recently re-opened under new management. We've been here pre and post management changes and you can definitely tell the difference. The new owner made it a point of introducing herself to all of the patrons and get any feedback they had. There is a good selection of craft beers, the staff is customer service oriented and friendly and the food is very good. They have a great football meal/beer special. We have been back twice now and have been happy both times. We will definitely be back again.
1	Terrible. Unless of course you like waiting 20 min to be contacted. Then another 20 to get a beer. And broken darts for the dart board
4	We went for happy hour at 4:30pm and thought the place was closed as no one was there. Had a humongous beer served in a large jar, which I found very odd. (Not even a handle). I asked for a pint glass& they obliged and kept the rest of my huge beer in the fridge. Sort of typical bar food, but lots of great beers on tap. They even gave us a free flight (one time only). Thought that was awesome! Emmy was our server and she was personable & very attentive. They have a good deal on Sundays. For $20 you get a lg pizza, 10 wings & lg pitcher of beer ($25 for craft beers). I would recommend this place.
4	Awesome bar, waiter was fast, owner was awesome. The only thing, SECURITY SUCKED!! My fiancee, my friend and I arrived for my sisters B-Day. My fiance and I both have our old ID's. i was 16 in mine which was 8 YEARS AGO. ID is not expired so i still can use it. 2 stupid security guards stopped me from going in because THEY THOUGHT THE PERSON IN THE ID WASNT (ME) we were like "r u kidding me, they are totally wasting their time cuz it IS ME!" So somehow it wasnt me cuz for 1. i dont look like the id ((Like if a 24 yr oldis supposed to look like theyre still 16)) WTF??? And for 2. Since i had a labrae piercing when i was 16, it's not me because "I DONT HAVE MY LABRAE SCAR" AGAIN, PICTURE WAS TOOKEN 8 YRS AGO!! Security asked for a 2nd identity,  like "REALLY? I DIDNT KNOW I HAVE TO WALKAROUND WITH MY I.D PLUSMY BIRTH CERTIFICATE AND SOCIAL" That's me being a smart ass lol. he THEN asked "if i have a FB" No luck there cuz me n fiance share one and it's under our kids names. but showed him our LOG IN E-MAIL Which did have our names. The whole thing was RIIIDICULOUS. ALL BECAUSE THEY THOUGHT IT WASNT ME. I'M  A HARD WORKING MOTHER OF 2. BORN IN PHX. I DONT NEED TO BE AN IDENTY THIEF. My fiancee told me "dont worry, theyre gna say all they want. your sister is gna come and we're gna walk RIGHT IN" AND thats exactly what happened. My sister walked right out with the owner and we walked RIGHT IN! Security guards mustve felt stupid. all that for NOTHING. LMAO IDIOTS. Next time pick on some one whos ACTUALLY stealing someone's IDENITY.
2	Went into this place thinking it would be a good experience.  Been waiting for a place like this around this area.  I was so disappointed that I wanted to leave after 5 minutes of being there and not being asked if I wanted anything to eat or drink.  I was sitting at the bar with 3 people behind the bar.  I assumed they were employees only because they were on the other side of the bar.  Went in there with intentions of having some drinks and food.  I only dared to have a couple of beers.  The menu on a clipboard didn't tell me to try the food.
