4	Three coworkers and I had our "Friday Fun Lunch" here yesterday, and we were all very pleased.  It's quick-service style-- you order at a counter, pay, then when your food is ready your number is called.  There are several lunch specials which are a great bargain-- I got the calzone special which came with a drink (and 2 toppings for the calzone) plus I added a side garden salad.  It was plenty of food and the total was less than $8.00.  The calzone came out nice and hot, with crispy crust (bottom crust, too!) and the fillings (I got pepperoni & onion) were tasty.  The side salad was a nice size and everything was fresh-- no soggy lettuce here.One of us ordered the cheese bread, which was pizza crust with lots of melted cheese and a side of marinara.  This stuff could be addictive!  The marinara (which also came with the calzone) tasted homemade to me.  Another friend ordered the baked tortellini, which she really liked.  It came with two fresh breadsticks, and it looked so good that I'm definitely going to try it soon.The menu includes wings (both regular and boneless), salads, stromboli, pizzas (of course!), subs, pastas and desserts.  Our food came out in a reasonable amount of time, especially considering we ate at peak lunch time on a Friday.  The cutlery is plastic, which I don't mind considering the prices, but it is a bit difficult to cut through calzone crust with a plastic knife.  My friend's pasta was baked in and brought to the table in a metal take-out container, but I thought that was really a great idea-- she couldn't finish it, and all she had to do was go get a lid for it when we were ready to leave.The only prices over $10 are for large and extra large pizzas, and they apparently offer delivery.  Lunch business yesterday was brisk, and we're definitely going to go back.  I'm hoping that they are very successful, because it's really convenient to our office and it's nice to have this option so close-by.
3	Went here for lunch with co-workers.  There's a pretty big menu aside from pizza here.  They offer wings, hot sandwiches, cold sandwiches, and pasta among their many offerings.  I decided to try their chicken philly hot sub and a drink combo for $5.....  with tax, it comes out to $5.46....   you can't beat that.  There was a bit of a wait for the hot sub and when it came out, the cheese was nice and hot, but the chicken wasn't.  Still a decent sandwich despite the odd temperatures of the fillings.Staff was friendly... there are 2 registers up front so there can be a big line when the lunch rush hits.
5	Love this place!Try to go here at least once a week to get thier calzones.They are addicting and i can't get away from them, to try anything else!!
2	Couldn't find a clean table out of 7 open tables. Pizza wasn't bad but we won't be returning. Soda fountain was very sticky from old spilled  soda.
2	This place was just ok. The  barbalo wings are good.the sandwiches are horrible. I ordered 6 wings an got two celery sticks.wtf? Very skimpy.
5	Farley's Pizzeria in University City (Arbors) is fantastic. I've never ordered delivery because I live around the corner. Ordering online for pickup is super quick and easy. My order is always hot, right and ready. Delicious pizza and strombolis. The pizza crust is especially tasty.
4	Excellent menu, intelligent and courteous staff, pleasant ambiance. The only thing I'd change/add is turn the closed captioning on on the TVs. My wife and I go there nearly every Friday and the folks know our order as we enter the room. It is not quite the 'place where everyone knows your name,' but it's close...
4	Great food.  This is where our family gets its pizza now.  They're right at the entrance to our subdivision and even within walking distance.  No need for pizza delivery, we can just call ahead and pick it up as needed.  The Barbalo pizza and barbalo wings are my biggest favorites, but even the plain old cheese pizza (for the kids) makes for a happy family.  Very friendly.
4	Delicious pizza. I have been here for lunch many times, and had the personal pizza. Speaker system playing the music is low quality and at a high volume, which was annoying on my last visit. But the food is always good.
4	Stopped by for a quick lunch, hoping they had pizza by the slice. No pizza by the slices here. We ordered a thin crust chicken barbalo pizza. It took quite some time to get the pizza out, kinda kaboshing the "quick lunch" idea. However, the flavor was really yummy. Sweet and spicy -- very unique. If I'm ever in the area and have time to wait, I would eat here again.
3	The staff was friendly. We ordered medium sauce on our wings and the NY hand tossed pizza. They don't offer a military discount or student discount (We didn't ask for a student discount they just offered that info). The pizza was tasty but they are skimpy/stingy with the vegetable toppings. The wings weren't spicy at all. It was okay for our first pizza joint in N.C.
3	Positive:  we asked for crispy and it was perfectly cooked slightly brown top and crisp crust.  Service is nice, atmosphere is the same.  Surprising beer selection as well.  Topping were good quality.Negative:  we ordered meatball on half as a topping and there wasn't nearly enough on the pizza, a couple of slices in just that half had none.  The price on the ad board for a supreme pizza in the restaurant was less than what I paid for 2 and a half toppings.  I dislike restaurants that have an inconsistent pricing scheme or require that you ask for a price in order to get it and then you see the advertisement when you walk in.
4	The thin crust pizza here is great. We order light cheese and extra crispy, and this pizza seems almost healthy it's so light and fresh. I've had, and enjoyed, the regular crust as well. The toppings can sometimes be a bit sparse, so if you want extra make sure you order it that way.  The person taking orders and the guys making the pizzas are always really friendly and open to any special requests.
4	Fresh and flavorful pizza, clean and comfortable dining area, and reasonable prices. They also have a nice selection of local beers on draught. I would definitely come back.
4	A place the whole family loves.  We usually order pizza, but often get a side of wings!
