5	I've actually been to this location two times already but its BRAND SPANKIN NEW and the location wasn't set on Yelp yet. The first time I went I was surprised at how small it was but it's kinda cozy and tucked away. If you weren't looking for it you would miss it! Its also next to Sally's Beauty....which is even better! My very first night getting a yummy Acai Berry Boost the young male employee was sitting at a table on his break and ran to the door to open it for me. How sweet! After ordering,  he waited for me and opened the door to let me out.  Again. .. Sweet and excellent customer service. Not only that, as I walked to my car,  the employee thought I was coming back in and looked ready to open the door again! Now THATS anticipating guest service! This smoothie place is off to a excellent start!
5	This place is 10x better than jamba juice, this specific location is better than the one of the strip, smoothies taste better and are alot faster. This is my #1 smoothie place, cant live without it.
4	Very easy to order. Fast service. Great price for their combos. Brent took my order and was very friendly. Even knew me when I picked up the order. Southwest wrap was delicious.
4	I love tropical smoothie, so when this one opened up I had to go. The staff is nice. Smoothie and sandwich was good. The only dowside was the music choice.  It was club music. Don't get me wrong I love hip hop, but it doesn't go with the typical Tropical Smoothie vibe. I felt like dancing after my meal. I don't feel like I'm at Tropical Smoothie. On the other hand the throwback music, reminded me of the songs that I hadn't  heard in a while.  The staff appreciated  the music, you could hear them singing along. At least they are happy.In the end, I would come back again.
4	I have been to this location 3 times, and the service was fast/employees were polite, the food was good, & the atmosphere was clean &  beach inspired. I like Tropical Smoothie b/c it has relatively healthy options served fast & it is reasonably affordable.
4	The 4 stars is for the customer service and excellent customer service as well as the perfect smoothie that only 4 staff members make there are 2 nice Filipino boys an awesome Samoan Pacific Islander girl who's name I think is Adriana  and a sweet African American boy.  I go there almost everyday as long as one of the four is there the others are horrid sassy grumpy and the smoothies don't taste good - the owner manager needs to get rid of the dead weight and give the awesome ones kudos
