3	Not my cup of tea. Or make that, cup of wine. Or should it be glass of wine. Whatever. They have wine tastings for a $10 fee, and some include food. The atmosphere was very quiet and formal. Note that AZ Wine Co. is not open everyday, check their online calendar for schedule.
4	They have a good selection of wines and the staff can be helpful if they aren't preoccupied or busy. Their prices are somewhat decent and I believe they DO have a case discount... but don't quote me on that. I think I had to ask for it. I can't remember. They have a lot of accessories and junk for sale as most wine stores do. They also have wine tasting events. It's best for just shopping for a few bottles. Their recommendations to me have had about 70% success rate.
4	great place for wine with a great selection and reasonable prices...Ask for Susie at the Scottsdale and Thomas location and have her do the picking if you don't know what you want...trust her she knows!The only place for cheaper wine is Costco.
3	MEH. That's how I felt when I left AZ Wine. WOW.That's what I thought when I entered.So, what happened once inside? Allow me to explain. It was nearly 20 minutes browsing the aisles before somebody popped their head over and said, "You finding everything, Miss?" My reply, "Yes. The difficulty is deciding what to get." Perfect opportunity to strike me up for a convo, no? Perhaps try and sell me the more expensive suggestion, no? Well, he simply said, "Okay." Then he disappeared. Granted, he was setting up for a private affair at the bar area that started in about 45 minutes. But still... Was there nobody else around? Oh well.  I really did want some assistance. After all, it was my 1st time here and there were so, so, so many chioces.So, I perused the aisles. I wanted to find my fave brands and wine styles to see how much they charged here. That's when I saw some inconsistencies. Example: Row Eleven (Pinot Noir) showed up in 4 different places with 4 different price tags. I looked closely. Same bottle. Strange. This happened more than once, so I was, of course, befuddled. I did like how they organized the aisles, even having a Pinot Noir section devoted to California and Oregon wines. They also had a Red Blends aisles and and aisle devoted to Eclectic Whites, including blends, whites you may never heard of, or those you consider new favorites - like Viogners. So two thumbs up for how they organize their rows!I found a bottle of wine I wanted, but it had no price tag. Not even on the shelf. Instead of bother the one-and-only guy working, I just opted not to get it. Sad, huh? In comparing prices, I think they are reasonable to most wine stores and less expensive than your upscale markets, like AJ's and Safeway. You can get an Oregon red here for $17 that would cost you $25 elsewhere. Yet, don't be fooled. They do have some really pricey wines - even some topping $100. They sell half-bottles. But, if you look at the price, you may decide it's just better to splurge for the entire bottle. Plus, they sell wine accessories, even gift bags and stoppers. I liked that, though I didn't need anything except wine. I left there with 3 bottles of wine for under $50. Not bad! (Especially considering I tend to buy wines I like that average $20-30 per bottle.) If only the service and pricing consistency had been better... Yet, since this place is convenient and easy-to-find, I will most likely be back. I'm sort of a DIY wine-chooser anyhow. Plus, I found a couple wines I've only had once that I would LOVE LOVE LOVE to sip and enjoy again - including a Gagliardo. Side note: The bar area looked cool. I love the idea of having a wine tasting in the actual wine store. I overheard the guy working saying that if anyone liked the wine, they had them in-stock to sell, and that they would offer discounts, depending on how many bottles you decided to snatch up. In the end, though, my WOW turned to a simple MEH. I think it all boiled down to not being acknowledged when I came in and not being engaged in even a short conversation. C'mon, I think wine stores should make the extra effort to talk to customers, since many customers want to explore their options and learn a thing or two while they browse. (Example: "Oh, really? This is what I should serve with my seafood fondue? Awesome.") Plus, it makes me 500% more likely to buy more than one bottle when I'm there and 500% more likely to make that store my first-choice store for my wine needs.MEH. Their loss.
5	I went to the Airpark location for my AZWINECO experience. I have driven by this place a million times.  I usually find smaller wine stores to carry an eclectic variety of wines and usually I find them to be pretty expensive.  My perceptions were proven to be way, way off.  First they have some really really great wines in here. Tons of Bordeaux and the prices are not only compitive I would say they are inexpensive for they types of wine they carry.  Also the space was much larger than I expected. There is a large warehouse in the back that is unseen from the parking lot allowing for about 3 times as much retail space as I expected. The staff was friendly and very knowlegage.  Also I mingled with some  other patrons who were enjoying a glass of wine and they were also wine enthusiasts.  They also carry a small but interesting line of imported beer. It is always fun to drink with and meet new people and that is exactly the experience I had at AZ Wine Co.  I wholeheartedly  recommend it.
5	Awesome place, they'll let you sample a ton of wines and they always have mind-blowing recommendations...this is where I go to discover amazing values on wine that offer complex taste & unusual characteristics. They also have unbeatable prices across the board on wine & liquor, I can find a lot of my favorite higher end brands cheaper here than BevMo or elsewhere. They basically offer case discounts even when you're just buying one bottle at a time, which is awesome.Highly recommended!
4	I think when it comes to wine everyone has very different expectations. So for me, someone who knows almost nothing about wine, and really has no desire to, but knows she really likes to drink it and will never be able to tell the difference between a $20 bottle and a $200 bottle, AZ Wine's selection is a bit too high class for me. BUT! Their wine tasting events on Thursdays, now there is a reason to keep me at least present in the wine world. The wine tastings are perfect, they walk around, give you a little sample, give you a little info on the wine & the maker and then they go away and just let you enjoy. No one watching me to see if I'm swirling it correctly, or if I am sniffing it, or if am making a face and saying "oh wow I get a really nutty oak cherry after taste" just me and my wine and some knowledge that I will not remember the next day.
4	Great spot with an impressive wine selection.  I wish they had a bit more extensive beer selection in the back, but hey, they're called AZ Wine Company not AZ Beer Company, so who am I to complain?  I've always found something great here to walk away with.
2	I was really disappointed in AZ Wines.  Yes, they have a good selection of wines and it's bout the only place you can find local wines.  However, I went there for a tasting and was extremely disappointed in the service.I was with friends and we waited about 20 minutes before receiving our first sampling.  The pours were tiny and it felt like we were inconveniencing the staff.  There are many places I would prefer to go before trying this place again!
4	This place has a great selection, plus you can sit at their bar and drink for half the price you would at the typical Scottsdale wine bar. This is the place for those dedicated winos who sometimes want to sidestep the chain stores and buy completely locally.  There are wines here which aren't available anywhere else. The Atlas Bistro next door allows BYOB and the menu is simply fabulous. 4.5 stars.
5	So, I initially gave these guys (officially) a 4-star review. That was before I had dinner here, made to gastronomic perfection at Atlas Bistro next door. So far I've had the spectacular Caraway Rye Sausage with homemade gnocchi, and last night the Lobster mushrooms with sourdough crostini, and the most divine aioli sauce known to man. These guys are unique, and a gift to Epicurean delights. Where else can you buy anything in the shop, sit down and drink it at the bar, and order (quite affordable) 5-star offerings? Nowhere I know of. I've been all over the U.S. and Europe, and this place sits in a class all it's own.
5	Great selection of wine at a good price. They also have an okay selection of boutique beers in the back. The reason I gave this place 5 stars is I love the little bar they have. The beers on tap are rare craft beers that I have NEVER seen on tap. 120 Minute IPA by Dogfish Head (19% alcohol), Sierra Nevada's Estate, and Deschutes Hop in the Dark to name a few. They also have rotating wine flights of all kinds. Just a cool little place to bring the lady, have a drink, engage conversation.
5	I'm a total fan of this place.   The people who work there (and at Atlas right next door) are awesome.  I love stealing away and trying some great wine with some A-mazing cheese (from Atlas) and I always meet some great people who are also enjoying this little treasure of a place.  Awesome - great job.
1	I'm having a party on Sunday and needed to buy a case or two of wine.  I usually just buy wine by the bottle, so I grab it at my neighborhood grocery or liquor store.  As this time I needed more, I thought about going to Total Wine or Bevmo when I remembered someone had given us a couple of gift cards to AZ Wine Co a while ago.  I found the cards and saw on the attached receipts that they were purchased in December of 2009--two years ago.  I called the number for their South store as listed on the front of the gift card.  A woman answered, and I explained the situation including card amounts ($100 each x 2) date of receipt and that the receipt showed them purchased at a location on Hayden in the Scottsdale Airpark.  She explained that the two stores had separated and the Airpark location has since closed.  She said that she would have to see if she could find a record of the cards in order to honor them, as they were old.  I told her I would come by today.  I packed up my 2-year-old daughter and teenage son into the car, and we headed out into the pouring rain.  (I have a zillion things to get done before Sunday and wanted to check the wine errand off my list.)  Once we were at the store, I showed the gift cards to the woman I spoke with, and she proceeded to look for the card numbers in a computer print-out packet titled Outstanding Gift Card Liabilities.  It took her a few minutes, but she did locate receipt of both my cards.  At this point, she told me she would have to get clearance from her manager.  She went outside to find him, conferred for a bit, and then he came in to speak with me.  The man told me that his store and the one in the Airpark separated three years ago, so these cards are not for his store.  When I explained that the cards have his location listed on the front, he stated that the man at that store did "all kinds of crazy things and shouldn't have been using those cards."  When I then asked why the cards were listed in his "gift card liability" ledger, he got all riled up and told me that he didn't get any money from these cards and isn't going to honor them.  At that point, I became angry.  I asked him about his concern regarding doing bad business and losing me a customer.  He said, "I wasn't going to make any money on you anyway."  I reminded him that maybe not this sale, but what about the future when I would be paying cash.  He said, "I probably wouldn't see you again for two years!"  So, as I left, I said, "we'd never know now," as I obviously would not be giving him any of my business--as well as making sure to pass the word about his abominable customer service.  I can understand not wanting to keep losing money from a bad business partner.  But, anyone business savvy knows that respecting your customers can go a long way towards growing your business through positive word of mouth.  This man could have offered to honor one of the cards as a sign of good will (after all, they were BOTH listed in HIS own liability ledger!!).  Instead, he chose to speak rudely and basically tell me he couldn't care less about my business--present or future.  I read the reviews for AZ Wine Co on Yelp today before heading out.  I saw that while people thought they had a great selection of wines, the customer service was pretty bad.  Boy, were they right!!!  If you care about supporting small businesses that care about their customers, look elsewhere--  AZ Wine Co is not your store!!
4	Managed to snag a table outside and was surprised to see a decent wine selection priced very reasonably. It was very warm and the occasional breeze was more than welcome. Ordered the nachos to share and while they weren't the best nachos I've ever had, they were decent. Extra points scored for not skimping on the cilantro!Service was very good. She was there when we needed her and seemed to have a server spidey sense, knowing exactly what we needed before we had to ask. For example, we were going to order a couple of glasses of water, but before we had a chance to open our mouths she appeared with water in hand. And when our nachos got down to bare chips she was there again with more salsa - kudos to you unknown server.
4	Managed to snag a table outside and was surprised to see a decent wine selection priced very reasonably. It was very warm and the occasional breeze was more than welcome. Ordered the nachos to share and while they weren't the best nachos I've ever had, they were decent. Extra points scored for not skimping on the cilantro!Service was very good. She was there when we needed her and seemed to have a server spidey sense, knowing exactly what we needed before we had to ask. For example, we were going to order a couple of glasses of water, but before we had a chance to open our mouths she appeared with water in hand. And when our nachos got down to bare chips she was there again with more salsa - kudos to you unknown server
5	My wife and I were invited to a wine tasting here last night.  It is a fun little place with a large selection of wines at good prices.  They have a decent selection of beers and high-end wines as well.  The staff is super friendly and helpful.  The awesome part was that you can order food from Atlas and eat it in the bar area.  Atlas has perfect food for wine tasting so it was a perfect fit.  I will return.
4	A comfortable little wine shop situated just south of Old Town Scottsdale.  Every Thursday they bring in a distributor or vintner to showcase a set of wines at their bar and collection of tables set off to the side.  For $15 you usually taste five or six wines of decent quality, the best part to the price is that $10 of each tasting goes into purchasing a bottle of one of the wines tasted. The atmosphere is quite an eclectic mix of high-brow, with food and clientele from Atlas Bistro migrating in, and casual.  The people running the place couldn't be more nice or more knowledgable in the wines they sell either.  The prices may be a touch above somewhere like BevMo, but if you're looking for the perfect wine to go with gnocchi in a basil cream sauce, these are the guys to ask!
5	AZ Wine is a nice change of pace from Total Wine. It's nice to shop at a place that has a different inventory, and the staff at AZ Wine is much more knowledable. A few years ago, my husband and I ate at Atlas Bistro next door, and the guy working there helped us a find a wine that complimented both his lamb and my seafood dish.The prices are great too which is important because that's the only reason I shop so much at Total Wine. We found a bottle of Dos Cabezas El Campo for $5 cheaper.The customer service is wonderful too. The gentleman working during our visit last week was attentive without being intrusive. He also did us a big favor by holding our 4 bottles at the store while we went to dinner so we didn't have to leave them in the car to be ruined.Hopefully we will be back soon for a wine tasting!
4	I'm surprised that there aren't more reviews about AZ wine company.  I had the special occasion to stop in here prior to having dinner next door at Atlas Bistro.  I found that their staff was extremely helpful on more than one occasion in which I wanted to select a bottle of wine.I appreciate the wide selections of wine and the knowledgeable staff, buy what appealed to me the most was the fact that they have several bottles of wine that are highly rated for under $30.  I was a little surprised by that actually.  Of course there are wines in there for new and mid-level collectors.  I'm not sure if this is the place for serious wine collectors.  One thing is for sure, I have used AZ wine many times when I wanted to stop in and pick up a quick bottle of wine.  I took 3 bottles of wine to the International Supper Club UYE and everyone that had wine said they really enjoyed it.  I have NEVER been disappointed with the recommendations.  I highly suggest this store for the wine lovers who love local businesses!
2	Used to be great. Now it's a waste of time and poorly run and managed. Why in the world would you have someone with no experience running the place on a Saturday evening?No kind of help. This place used to be a great place to learn about wines and talk with the employees.
5	This place is amazing!I do not know of anywhere else where you can buy a great bottle of wine, from a very nice selection like this, FOR RETAIL, and drink it at the bar while eating truly outstanding gourmet food.The food comes from Atlas Bistro, which is connected to AZ Wine.  If you are not familiar with Atlas, the chef is doing really great things over there.  And, they have recently started serving the full menu at the bar at AZ Wine.  They also do some nice wines by the glass, and have some excellent draft beers.  Plus, wine tastings every week.
5	This place is great for beer or a glass of wine.  They have a great selection, and a rotating tap.  It's very reasonably priced, they joked about a continuous happy hour.The best part about this place is the attached store.  You can grab some  beer or wine for later, and they have just about anything you could ask for.  They used to have cigars, but I'm not sure if that's still the case.
5	Well worth a visit.  Yes it's the hot season and things are slow. Your opportunity to purchase a bottle of wine enjoy it & order some delicious apps. is so cool and inexpensive. The all round experience is top notch. If I get back here I will for sure make a visit. Order a cheese plate,  or the one with grilled peaches. AWSOME.   Thank you Sara and, Juliet.Wish I had such in Studio City where I am from.
5	This may seem seem like a really stupid review but I am completely serious. I have never been in the store.I have called three times for things that they don't carry. Things you would not expect to be carried. My appreciation and respect stems from the kindness, effort and interest shown over the phone!: This is some indication of people who enjoy what they do and respect for the community. There was no selling just an attempt to assist.
1	Stay away from  their clearance sales!!!  We stopped at the Carefree location, which was having a clearance sale.  Sadly, we spent over $50 on what turned out to be vinegar.  There's no way I can possibly go through 6 bottles of red wine vinegar.  What a waste of my time, money, and wine.  I didn't even get what I paid for.
