5	I haven't done many reviews on Yelp, but I think my experience with Hansen's is worthy of my time.What I thought was a ignition problem, turned out to be a simple" dead battery". They assessed the situation quickly and had my auto back to me in no time.The staff was great and kind. I would definitely recommend taking your car to this family shop for your auto needs.
5	Will go back again!Two Toyota dealers quoted me at over $700 to get my 2008 Prius breaks fixed and also told me that $800 worth of other repairs were needed. The dealership auto shops did not show me anything on my car or explain the specifics of what was needed. I went to Hansen's where I was treated great! They looked at my car right away and then took me out in the garage to have me look and feel my own breaks and what breaks should feel like to see why I needed a repair. They quoted and fixed the breaks for $380 with no additional costs or suggested repairs. They fixed the car fast and it works like a charm. I'll be back to Hansen's!
2	Today I took my 2007 Grand Prix in that didn't have any heat or a working horn, and they were able to diagnose the fairly straightforward problem of a clogged heater core and that I needed two new horns.  They performed the fixes just fine, but I feel like I was gouged on the prices.  Their labor rate was around $90/hr, and I was billed $179 for the heater core flush and $170 ($107 labor and $63 parts) to replace the horn.  They got the fixes in, but I'd shop around more before coming here.
5	I had a problem with the windshield washer pump on my old Subaru, and called them on a Monday morning at about 8 am. They were swamped, but told me to bring it in. By 10:30 I had a reasonable quote, and by 1:30 the part had been ordered and installed. They were friendly and easy to work with. I will definitely take my car back to them.
5	I rarely need to go to a Mechanic since I have several members of my family who are skilled mechanics. My 2004 Nissan Sentra was making a noise, which I had been told was a wheel bearing going, but timing was bad for anyone in my family to fix it. So I called Hansen's after doing an Internet search for mechanics in the Madison area and was quoted $280 for everything. I had called a few other places and was told about the same, but when I called Hansen's I was also told of possible charges of an alignment and something related to ABS brakes. I was assured that neither are often needed, but it was a possible charge and one that couldn't be assessed until the car was being worked on. I loved the fact that this was mentioned as a possible though an unlikely charge. I also was pleased that I was able to get my car in the same day I called. It took 2 hours to get fixed. The cost was exactly as I was quoted, no surprises. Service was fast, warrantied, and the people I spoke with were very personable. Small waiting area with a comfortable bench, though there is no TV. However, I had my own things with me to do so it wasn't an issue for me. I highly recommend Hansen's for your car care needs!
5	This place is great!  Great guys, who don't overcharge or try and con you into getting more work done on your car.  As a woman I find it important to be treated fairly and honestly.  Most mechanics see a woman and they pump their fists up and down yelling CHA-CHING!  I have NEVER encountered this at Hansen's.  Today I brought my car in because the low tire light came on.  They were up front about the guestimated cost.  Took no time at all...they were able to get my car in right away.  After a valve stem replacement, I paid the cost that was slightly under estimate and boogied out.  I'm glad Hansen's exists as I don't like giving my $ to corporate owned shops.  So if you are in the area and that dreaded light comes on in your car...take it (or have it towed) to Hansen's.
5	Eric P. here....I can't say enough good things about Hansen's. Just last week I was out delivering Meals on Wheels and all of a sudden I discovered my trunk would not shut. (a disaster in this situation) I stopped by Hansen's and John (the owner) dropped everything, diagnosed the problem, ordered the part (a trunk lid actuator switch), and sealed my trunk shut. Less than 24 hours later it was totally repaired! This is just one of many  positive encounters with Hansen's. They have even come to my house to jump start my car when I was laid up with a torn knee tendon. I used to be in the car biz and I have seen it all when it comes to slime ball repair guys. These guys are above reproach and a great addition to the neighborhood.
