2	Dude, this alleged 24 hour Dunkin' Donuts DOESN'T SELL DONUTS late nights!  Is it awesome to be really drunk in the middle of the night on saturday and go to get some donuts at the 24 hour dunkin' donuts, and it's OPEN but they DON'T HAVE DONUTS?  NO!!!!The drive through is hella fast on weekday mornings, and the donuts are all always exactly like you'd expect from a dunkin' donuts (when they actually sell them.)
3	Dunkin Donuts iced coffee is cheap and rad. This location is convenient and is hardly ever busy.
1	Too expensive for what it is.  I had the ham and cheese flat this morning and it was the worst breakfast sandwich I have ever had in my whole entire life!!!  The ham was just awful and there was way too much cheese. I will certainly never go back for a breakfast sandwich.
4	Hehe.  I love Dunkin' Donuts. Almost never have to wait inline here - great speedy service and they always have what I want ready to go.
3	I have made a couple visits over the years (I don't live in Champaign). Located along a major thoroughfare for the city and near campustown. The donuts are pretty good. Quick service. However, not all the donuts are in stock at a given time. I was just there and didn't even see glazed yeast donuts (the classic).- just glazed cake and the glazed minis. I appreciate having someplace to grab a snack with early morning Black Friday shopping.
5	I love the Dunkin on Green and Neil. I stop by for coffee on twice a week before an evening class. There is one lady that I always see and she is super friendly! She's gotten to recognize me from my frequent trips and she takes great care of me! Can't say that I have had any of the food, but coffee from their drive thru is always delicious and quick.
3	well, i'v visit this place lots of time. sometime (especially at night) when i got their donuts or munchkins, they are really hard... i dont know how long they've been sitting there (could even be yesterday's left over!) sometimes they are just okay, nothing too special (iv had really good donuts in dunkin donuts, so soft and warm and filled with oh so sweet jelly or cream ~  ) so my expectations are high, but most time i end up with disappointed. also, sometime i got their hot chocolate, and the cup is always only 2/3 filled?! well, i understand you dont want to fill the cup too full so it may be spilled, but only 2/3 filled? really? it's not im gonna pure milk or cream into the cup (not to mention they dont even have this option --- unlike Starbucks) so, please fill up my cup please! i promise i will be super careful not to spill my drink!
4	We go here pretty often and they make good drinks, there service is pretty good except the fact that they don't speak the best english.
1	im so disappointed with my last visit here! i always come here and get their hot chocolate because it was gooooood and taste very hot-chocolatey. but yesterday, my hot chocolate just taste like WATER. so bland, and not hot at all! i have to add lots of sugar and creamer to make it at least have some flavor. Erg! SO DISAPPOINTED!  and they raised the price again. !!!!!!!!!!!!! did you guys noticed that?
5	Friendliest dunkin in town!  They all know my order by heart and greet me with a smile EVERY time!  They got my business from ine of their competitors simpky by being so nice.   Get an iced tea with a turbo shot...no need for anything else to start your morning!
1	they really need to work on their customer service. i mean srsly! the indian girl who works here is so annoying!!! ( i think you guys all know who im talking about!!!)  i wonder if she ever smile! she looks pissed all the time, and impatient. i ordered a ice cream cup from here and ask if she could put it in a bag for me. later on when i open the bag i found out it was put up side down!!!!!!!!!!! wtf? r u freaking kidding me? how do u expect me to eat it like that? the ice cream was melting and was leaking everywhere. 6 bucks goes to waste.
3	The donuts here taste stale and the employees aren't the most welcoming people. This location seems to be out of the donuts I want consistently. This place is really fast with their drive thru service and their indoor service. I enjoy getting the $1 coffee. Their breakfast items are good. I like their egg and sausage croissant. Dunkin donuts coffee is best enjoyed with cream and sugar.
