5	I'm basing this review on one thing (and one thing only): Coffee Talk, the coffee house I knew and fell in love with shortly after I moved to Arizona in 2006. A friend who grew up in Mesa told me about this local favorite spot. I could clearly see why: fantastic coffee, including matcha chai lattes, free wifi and open mics that brought out the very best of musical talent. I remember fondly sitting inside while the cool spring breeze blew into the open windows. People were already gathered for open mic on an early Wednesday evening. I sat working on my laptop, enjoying a hot beverage. Coffee Talk was THE place for me to go when I needed a break from rush hour traffic, thinking about to-do lists and contemplating my place in the world. When I was here, nothing could bother me. It was just me, the luxury of relaxation, with the company of java and music.I miss Coffee Talk. I haven't been to Inside the Bungalow, the new endeavor now residing at 48 N Robson Street. I just don't think I can bring myself to go, although I'm sure I could be convinced. After all, I'm one helluva curious person. Inside the Bungalow: http://www.yelp.com/biz/S-Hksc_Hh_dMEbiTWDnblQ
5	Coffee talk is a nice surprise nestled in the hum drum downtown of Mesa. I have been enjoying their coffee and live talent since I was fifteen. When I was in High School it was a ritual to hit the local dollar movie and then end the night with some coffee at coffee talk. I think the best part was hitting on boys and trying to pass as being at least eighteen years old. My reasons for going to Coffee Talk have changed over the past decade, but the atmosphere and quality drinks and pastries have not changed. There is nothing better than sitting on their back patio and enjoying the cool breeze of the fall. There is something about that place that brings me a sense of relaxation. If you enjoy artistic ambiance, coffee, and live performance's then I would recommend Coffee Talk.
3	This is miss-plotted. The only thing you'll find here are some residential homes. Coffee talk is now known as the bungalow and it's another five blocks to the south.
