5	Love globe... Been going there for a couple of years..and there is A LOT to be said about that!!  I grew up with a an uncle who owned 4 salons in Chicago so i'm kind of a picky biiaattch.  The owners have been in this scene quite a while.  It's fun, energetic and the stylists are awesome.... nuff said.
1	Horrible place!   I called to get an appointment with an asthetician named Hillary because she was recommended by someone.  The receptionist REFUSED to put her on the phone because I wanted to ask her about products she used.  I'm sorry, but I want to talk the girl working on me, not a receptionist.  And, she had the nerve to lie to me and tell me she wasn't allowed to put her on the phone because she's commissioned - someone was coaching her the whole time she was on the phone with me!!!  I heard them in the background.  Horrible treatment for a potential customer.   I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
5	Leilani did my hair, and I think she did a wonderful job...I have one of those complicated short hairdos with the asymmetrical bangs (just like the very popular one Victoria Beckham had last year). Anyways, I just asked for a trim, but the work that goes into it turns out to be just like doing the entire hairstyle all over again...she paid a lot of attention to detail, and honestly, my hair turned out even better than my original do! And I only paid $40!!! Which is very reasonable compared to other higher end salons in the Las Vegas area. GREAT customer service. Will definitely go again.
4	Had a great experience here! Friendly, attentive staff and best of all, a curly hair girl's dream-- a stylist that specializes in curly hair! (she even has it herself!) I was super impressed by Melissa Earl for fixing my mullet and can thank Nicole for one of the best shampoos I've ever had-- in a fully reclining, massaging chair! I felt that the price range was completely appropriate-- this isn't Cost Cutters but it wasn't one of those pricey overrated salons on The Strip either. The salon can look a bit intimidating and the place was smaller than I imagined-- kind of tight quarters. Not really an area to sit comfortably before your appointment even though they ask you to be 5 minutes early (they're big on being on time). Overall, a good experience and I will go back. :-)
4	LOVE IT! Their new very hipster location in the SoHo Loft really suits the salon motto.  Meghan has done a wonderful job cutting my very thick and coarse hair.  I really trusted her when I decided to donate my hair and chop off over 11" of hair. She knew how to deal with the amount of hair and how to make the short hair really work for my face structure. Their staff is really friendly and everytime I go there, which has been for over 2 years, it has been a great experience. Pricing is very good. I would actually pay more for the haircuts that I get there.
4	based on good yelp reviews I went here and got a cut, highlights and blowout, my stylist was Gina. I've lived in Chicago and New york and didnt have high hopes for finding a good salon or stylist in Las Vegas but Gina made me a believer. She did an awesome job! Looove the color and the cut! Definitely my new salon.Price was decent too...kicked nyc prices in the behind.I'll be back for sure!!
4	Based on other reviews I decided to try this place. You can Park on hoover , or i just parked next door. The Salon is small but very modern and hip. I believe it was Sam who did my hair. She was professional and great. I lighten my hair and had it cut. I have to say honestly this has to be my favorite cut. Also, when she washed my hair, they had me sit in a massage chair! I loved it. Also I got to pick up my 944 mag here too. Because I got my hair processed which took awhile i got to see how the others worked and I just loved the stylists. Everyone was friendly as well. I came in to get a complete make over and go blond. The moment as i was leaving couldn't have been better, because Blondie was playing on their radio :)
5	I've been going to Globe Salon since I moved out to Vegas. They have always done a great job when I go there. I had my color done and it came out great. I also get my eyebrows waxed there...it's a bit steep but so worth it...esp when they put those cold globes on the eyebrows to soothe the areas that were waxed.The staff has always been so friendly. I suspect that the people who say service is horrible here are pretty rude themselves. Sow what you reap...
4	Going to a new salon can be tricky, especially when you are new in town and have been going to the same salon back home for the past 6 years.  The decor is hip and modern, the staff, very welcoming, drinks are available and plenty of good fashion and celebrity mags to read.  I just got my eyebrows done and it was an experience in itself.  The arch could've been a little better but Asian eyebrows are notorious for not having the clear arches so I didn't sweat it.  Very painless wax by the way, and the music and ambience made it worthwhile.  Going back soon for an actual haircut!
5	I was new to Las Vegas and found this place via the internet.  When I called to schedule an appointment, they asked me questions about my hair and recommended me to a stylist who was good with my hair type.  I needed to correct a mistake from my former stylist and she could immediately tell where the mistake was.  I have long hair and am somewhat picky and need to "talk it out" before scissors get involved, they are great about doing that at Globe. I have never had a bad experience there and would highly recommend it.  Very reasonably priced. Love the massage chairs when I get a shampoo!!!  This place is so relaxing.
3	The 3 stars is really because of a bad haircut and not necessarily the entire salon. The haircut itself is a 1 star deal. I have been in Vegas for over a year and was having a hard time finding a good hairdresser. After reading other Globe reviews on Yelp I thought I had found a great place! The salon is very hip and the staff all friendly. When making my appointment over the phone I specifically requested someone who does a lot of work with blondes and they made me an appointment for me with Nicole. My color came out good. No one compares to my stylist back home but overall was happy with the color. And being it has been several weeks the color has grown out very nice and blends well. The cut was it's own piece of work though... I can't even tell where it went wrong... not even the stylist I paid to fix it could. It was suppose to be long layers but really was a blunt-shelf cut short above my ears with little blending into the rest of my hair which hangs several inches below my shoulders. Like literally the top half of my head was cut super short, no room to even blend. I've always said to friends for years"You can't mess up long hair! I've never had a bad haircut!". I would now like to retract that statement. We are now at week 6 and still have awkward styling. I can not wait for this to grow out! And then I will have to trim the rest of my hair short to even out the layers...
4	Having been stranded in Vegas for the last couple months with a family emergency, the time finally came where I couldn't stand my hair any longer.  Tired and tentative, I searched through Yelp & City Search to find, hopefully, a decent salon.  Since Globe Salon is in the Bumble & Bumble Network, I decided to give it a shot.  I'm so glad I did!Melissa was a great stylist and cleaned up the former two chop jobs from Orange County that have left my locks longing for some relief.  She took her time in finding out what I wanted and then talking through exactly what she was going to do.  Before we even headed towards the sinks to wash my hair, I felt like it was going to be okay.  After sitting in a massaging chair and getting a legit head massage while my hair was washed, I knew it was going to be okay!  Melissa took her time and did such a great job that I think I'll now have to plan on driving from Orange County to Las Vegas for the next one!
5	Globe is an excellent place to get exactly what you want, and at a tremendous value!  I'm new to Vegas, etc. and they set me up with Nicole.  I was greeted so warmly when I came in, and offered refreshing beverages.  Then Nicole had me sit down and I explained I was a little nervous, having had the same stylist in San Francisco for the past seven years before the big move.  She said she totally understood and was completely cool about everything (she even joked later about how I came in thinking she was going to give me some crazy Vegas hair).  I explained exactly what I wanted and Nicole did it to a "T," with an incredibly friendly attitude to boot.  Even though I have a pretty mellow, layering cut, I am confident that the stylists at Globe could pull off whatever edgier look I wanted, if only I had a lifestyle in which I could get one . . .  (Frankly, I was a little jealous of their own styles!!)  But anyway, I then headed over to Diena for some waxing and she is very thorough and meticulous, and totally understood what I asked for.  At the end of everything, the damage was completely reasonable for the quality of the cut and care I received.  Highly recommended.
1	Never EVER again. I used to go to their previous location and found such a bad ass stylist named Natalie. She highlighted my hair prettiest color of blonde and gave me a great cut. One day i'm sick of it, so I dye my hair medium brown from a box color for a change. I kept it for a few months and wanted to back to blonde, so I called to make an appointment. Apparently, Globe moved to their salon to LV Blvd off Charleston (basically in the ghetto in some hotel) and i'm like okay. Then I find out Natalie moved to San Francisco. Sad face. So I made an appointment with Megan, missed it because I had to work and they set me up with some other girl who was from New York. I went in having long brown hair and left with an orange bob, yes an ORANGE bob. I asked for a change, something different and some blonde again. So she puts bleach in my hair, says the brown wasn't pulling out, so then she puts MORE bleach in my hair (mind you I had brown dye in my hair, not black). I'm like okay this is taking a long time. So she starts drying my hair and i'm like why does my hair look one dimensional and orange? So I start crying in the chair. At the fact that I just cut off hair that was to my bra straps to a bob where I could feel my neck and orange. I go to the counter and they charge me for COLOR CORRECTION WITHOUT NOTIFYING ME PRIOR. I made the appointment for a cut, color, and highlight. I left with   a shitty orange bob that cost me $400. Embarrassed because I just paid my rent the week before and expected to pay $250, I didn't have enough in my bank account to cover that and gratuity and the fact that I was furious about having to pay for color correction without notification. Stacy, one of the owners, agreed to writing down my card number and charging me the rest the next week. I was embarrassed, so I just agreed. She said they couldn't do anything about the color but I could come back in in a few days and they could lighten it more and fix it. I did that, and you know what I got? An unflattering shade of blondish orange bob. At work the next day people were like.. Oh you look like a different person. The honest ones said, "Well don't worry Jenna, it's just hair. I've seen worse". Yes they saw worse to a haircut that cost me FOUR HUNDRED DOLLARS. Mind you, it's been about a year and a half since that happened, never will I ever go back there**Side note to James: The discount I received was from a blue flier you sent me in the mail for being a previous customer. The discount had NOTHING to do with the botched job your stylist did on my hair. Also, I'm pretty sure with the tip it came out to be at least $300. The initial cost without the discount was close to $400. Because 25% of $300 = $75. Bringing the grand total to $375. All of which does not excuse the lack of disclosure on price points before services were changed without my acknowledgement. Thank you for your apology and it is good to know you changed your policy, but I will never come back based off your stylists lack of talent & your lack of communication with me as a customer. It is unfortunate that you lost Natalie, because I had a great experience with her and your salon previously.*** Side side note: James also modified his comment of the price change to lower it from $290 to $249. Dishonesty is not appreciated James, and it makes you look bad as a business owner to try to discredit someone who put up an honest review that turned out to be unfavorable to your business.
5	went here for my b-day and my oh my what a lovely surprise!didn't wanna get my hair did on the strip cuz of the ridiculous prices, yelped this place and was so glad i went! I have really hella thick curly hair, my last hair cut had "long" layers that were cut too short and she thinned it out way too much. The stylist at globe took the time to fix the wackness, blow dry and straighten things out for me =)while makin an appointment over the phone i already felt at ease, the guy was super nice and asked me a few questions about my hair and booked an appointment for me and my sister.my stylist gave me great tips on how to take care of my hair and i felt really at ease when discussing how my last hair cut was terrible and she managed to make it look nice and full again instead of thinned out and mushroom head-ish and lookin like the typical socialite haircut.me and my sister loved our hair and were super excited to go out. the ladies even suggested places for our night on the town and the price for my hair was even cheaper than when i get it done at this aveda salon near my house. i am seriously considering driving out to vegas for my next haircut!my favorite things:massage chairsgreat employeescomplimentary (non-alcoholic) drink menuan unbelievably reasonable pricenot too far from the vegas outletsthanks so much globe!
5	Having had my hair completely miscolored and shabbily cut at a salon in Henderson that shall remain nameless, I was unsure of where to turn next in my quest for gorgeous, shiny locks.And then someone told me about Globe Salon. So I quickly made an appointment to get a partial highlight and cut and then squirmed with a mixture of anticipation and fear for 14 days.When I drove up the strip to my appointment and arrived at the apparently designated address, I had two thoughts: "Wait, where the hell was this place?" and "Oh god, I'm in the ghetto." Street parking was available on Hoover and I found a spot that didn't specify 2 hours only. I stumbled up and down Hoover and looked around for the invisible salon while several homeless people asked me for money, the use of my cell phone, or preferably both. I was not happy and was thisclose to calling the whole thing off, getting in my car, and drowning my sorrows in a fattening Dairy Queen blizzard, size large.And then I saw the tiny writing on one of the windows in a huge, blank building: Globe Salon. While the building is technically on Las Vegas Blvd, the doorfront faces Hoover Street. I quickly fended off someone threatening to throw their shoe at me because I didn't have any spare cash to give them and raced through the doors.A total sweaty mess at that point, the receptionist at the desk treated me with kindness. He handed me over the Complimentary Beverage Menu and told me to choose something I liked. Complimentary Beverage Menu? Really? I've been in nice salons before, and I've only ever been offered water or weak coffee. Excited and overwhelmed, I pondered the vast menu choices and decided upon...water. Because I'm an unimaginative tool.Fairly quickly, I met my stylist, Gina. She was a sweet and talkative woman who really took the time to put up with me explaining my preferences and the history of my hair. I felt like a royal pain in the ass as I went into over-detail that my hair was "naturally crazy wavy" and I preferred "piecy, stripey highlights" that were neither "blended nor chunky" and I hated "warm" blondes in my hair and preferred something "cooler" but not necessarily "platinum" and I liked "blended layers" that were still "lengthy" and....and...the list went on. I wasn't meaning to sound like a jerk, but I know my hair well, and I was also still baffled and shakey by the terrible job the Henderson stylist had done on me.Gina was awesome. She listened to everything I had to say, explained her action plan on how we were going to achieve it, and then got straight to work on mixing up the dye. I immediately opened up my magazine and started reading - I'm the least social person in a hairstylist chair that I know. I absolutely dread small talk with stylists and prefer to zone out to reading bad sex tips in Cosmo. But Gina surprised me. She actually ended up winning me over with her sunny personality, and I found myself closing my magazine and chatting animatedly with her about various topics.So my stylist had the gift of gab, but how did the hair turn out? After it was foiled, toned, washed, deep conditioned (my hair is still not used to the dryness of Vegas), cut and blow dryed with a curling brush....it looked positively magnificent. Super shiney, perfect gorgeous piecy highlights in just the right shade of blonde for me, cut at just the right length with all the right face framing pieces. I nearly squealed. No wait...I did squeal. Gina spent a few extra minutes with me explaining the products that she used on my hair, and gave me a few styling tips with the new cut. I genuinely like most of the hair products I own already, but I did invest in the Oribe Deep Conditioning Hair Masque as well as the Bumble and Bumble Spray-In Hair Lotion (it's detangling, conditioning, and infused with tea tree oil). Gina was not pushy about selling me the hair products at all, which I appreciate, because I feel some stylists just recommend various bottles of crap so they can drive up their commission. Instead, I really felt like she was trying to right-fit me with the appropriate products so I can improve my hair.I paid my bill which was neither cheap nor expensive. $180 for a cut and partial highlights for long and thick hair. I gave Gina a hug goodbye, a tip, and a promise that I will definitely be returning.
1	I could be a little spoiled, I do live in NYC, but no matter where I am, I expect a perfect blowout no matter what, especially if I'm being charged $75 for it. This was my second visit even after the epic blowout failure the first time. I thought if I changed stylists and upgraded to a higher priced one it would solve the problem. No, it didn't. They use exceptional products, Oribe, as does my salon in New York so I'm not sure why my hair didn't turn out the same. I informed the stylists, both times, that I have very coarse, dry, color treated hair but that I wanted it to be very straight with a slight curl on the end. I have this done twice a week at my salon at home perfectly, it isn't difficult. Or at least my stylist here makes it seem easy. Not only that, but my stylist got it right the first time she ever did it. The first stylist used a paddle brush on my hair. I would have normally been against that, but I had a stylist do my hair in Chicago with one beautifully so I thought it could be done. It can't, at least not at this salon. My hair that night started to frizz and become full of body, the exact thing I didn't want. It isn't like Las Vegas is humid so the only thing I could come up with is that she obviously didn't know how to do a proper blowout.I'd like to say that, in all the years I've been straightening my hair, I have never had these kinds of problems. Granted, once I find someone to do my hair, I stay with them. But even traveling I've never had this much trouble. I've had my hair done at the Bellagio and it was decadently beautiful.So, onto the SECOND try with this same salon. The more advanced stylist who charged an outrageous amount for a blowout, did my hair with a brush with an oblong barrel which I asked about. She assured me that the curl at the bottom would be the same as with a round barrel. It wasn't. Not even close. It looked horrible so I asked her to redo it. She chose a smaller brush with another oblong barrel. Again, same result. The problems really didn't start until a few hours later with both hairstyles. They began to frizz, my hair began to get more and more volume and eventually it felt unhealthy and dry and the curl didn't stay nor would my hair flatten anymore even when blowdried at home. Both times my hair was a disaster. Either the bar is low for stylists in Vegas and that's what makes people love this salon or, I have no clue. I pay half of what she charged me in NYC and my hair turns out perfectly every time. I will never spend another dime in this salon and I certainly wouldn't trust them with color, semi-permanent straightening or a cut if they can't get a blowout right. As as aside, I rarely write reviews (unless the service is really terrible or extraordinary), but with all the 5-star ratings (I'm honestly dumbfounded) I had to tell about my disappointing experiences. This place is not anywhere near the salon it's claimed to be -- not by a very long shot.
1	Beautiful salon, friendly and attentive staff, nice little tea drinks, shiatsu sink chairs and spa water- but final product is not worth the inflated prices. I am pretty brave with my hair, but I paid over $300 for hi-lights & cut that were beyond sloppy. The color was brassy and not fully lifted, and I had a ton of bleed marks on my scalp from bleach that escaped the foil and dripped to the darker color hair. The cut was also less than acceptable, uneven, with way too much texturizing ala thinning shears for someone like myself who has fine, wavy, color treated hair. I now have bangs, which I expressly said I didn't want.  I went to a master stylist, who should have known to take the time to blend and taper my color-treated ends so that I could blow it out and get a sleek and precison look. I left globe looking McFrizzy & Frazzled  with a 1985 "sun-in" look. Not even the $50 oribe schmootz they put through my hair could mend the situation, that went into a pony tail as soon as I got in my car. A cautionary tail; beware any salon that fails to place a mirror in the bathroom, that should have been my clue. Fortunately I am fabulous enough to tone and tweak it until it grows out a bit. Very nice staff and environment, if only this salon had the skill of its interior designers!
5	I have certainly had many facials in my life, as not being blessed with great skin. I had a facial last month at Globe, and it was in my top two of all time!Gina was fantastic, addressed all of my concerns and didn't judge me for all my skin sins. From start to finish, the service was not only incredibly helpful (I got the baking soda Microderm), but thorough, relaxing, with all of those touches that are so easily missed in some facials. I know they are known for great hair, but anyone should run, not walk to have a relaxing facial at Globe. I'm counting down my days until my next appointment, what a wonderful place!Thank you!
5	My Aunt Connie has encouraged me to find replacement for her for about 10 years, since I moved to Vegas. My aunt is an amazing stylist who has owned her own salon for over 20 years. I'm her most loyal customer because she treats me like the loved one that I am--she spends an inordinate amount of time selecting colors, tweaking my hairstyle, balancing it, blowing it out...etc. I do not have to think when I sit in her chair. She just does her thing and I always feel loved and appreciated. Anyway, Globe Salon is as close to my Aunt Connie as I can get. At Globe, I was in the hands of a smart professional who cared about the end result. She paid attention to every detail in the cut and textured it so that I could keep my length but still have lots of volume and movement. The highlights were lighter and a different shade than what I have done in years past, and I love them!In addition to the quality cut and color:-When you schedule the appointment they are very careful to ask  about the current length of your hair, the type of color you want, and if you know how to get there, where to park..etc.- The location is convenient. You can park right out front. - The shampoos my stylist suggested (Oribe) were different than ones I have used in the past and are effective. My hair has never felt so light and clean.- You can schedule a follow up complimentary lesson on how to do your hair. I have not scheduled mine yet but plan to do so in order to learn how to use the roller brush. Gawd, who invented the roller brush?Here's the biggest kicker: the owners are locals and they contribute a lot back to the community. I really appreciate their commitment to our city and to their customers. Just a few weeks ago they invited their customers (+1 guest) to a "Bubbles and Blowout" event where they served A LOT of delicious champagne and chocolate covered strawberries while they styled our hair and did our makeup. All for FREE! Globe hosted this fabulous event on First Friday, which is a great way to get us all downtown to appreciate local artists. My girlfriend and I felt great when we left and had a blast later that night. I like being a customer of a smart salon that knows how to merge business, community, and fun. It took me 10 years to find this type of service and dedication to quality.
5	On my second trip back, I went to Samantha and she cave me a bleeping fantastic cut.  I'm actually moving back to the Bay Area, so I won't be able to come back and see Samantha and Diena (aesthetician), but I highly recommend them both.
5	I've been going to Globe Salon for about 5 years now and have never been disappointed.About two years ago, they relocated to the Downtown area which is a perfect fit for this salon. It is designed as beautifully as my hair turns out after every appointment.My favorite thing about Globe is that they are ALWAYS right on time. I was so tired of going to stylists who would be running 30 minutes behind - pushing my entire day back. At Globe they are friendly, prompt and professional.My stylist is Megan but I can tell you that you really can't go wrong. Owners Staci and James only hire the cream of the crop.I have had a ton of services done there. From cuts to up-dos to brown to back-to-blond - they can handle it all and I always come out looking (and feeling) fabulous. And in case my opinion isn't enough for you, they were just named one of the "Top 100 Salons" by Elle Magazine.
5	My old stylist moved, as did I, making the commute every six weeks a huge drag.  So I hopped on Yelp and checked out some salons in my area.  I was super hung over, so not exactly thrilled about the idea jumping into the process of fixing my platinum hair.  Right upon arriving the woman who runs the salon greeted me cheerily and even remembered talking to me when I booked.  She offered me a drink, a magazine and the pampering began.  Samantha did my hair.  But all the girls were stylish and well trained.  They used exceptional products.  I told Sam kind of an idea I had to make my hair less bleached...she totally got it and it turned out great.  Many times stylists skimp on styling my hair since it is super thick and curly.  But she took all the time necessary and my boyfriend was like, "wow, you look great!"  Then I got my 25% off when I mentioned I was a first time yelper.  Great Deal.  Great atmosphere.  Excellent work.
5	Just like it says, I got 25% off for being new and mentioning yelp when I called, and they didn't treat me like a second class citizen for not paying full price.  Since it was Thursday, I wasn't sure if I could get in at the last minute, but they were able to get me in for both a facial and a haircut on the same day.When scheduling, they asked me about my hair in order to better pair me with a stylist.  I have super fine hair, so I was excited to be paired with somebody who is good with hair like mine.I was staying on Fremont and was worried about being late, so I took a cab.  I'm really glad I did because if I had followed the map on my iphone, I would have gone to the wrong place.  They have the address listed right, but for some reason when the map came up it put the ending point north as opposed to south.  I was worried when the cab went in the opposite direction of the star on the map.  I started to secretly panic, but he assured me that if we turned around, we would be going the wrong way.  Once we got there I realized that it would be an easy walk along 4th St, so that is how I walked back.First was the facial.  I lost count of how many masques and lotions they used, but they were all great.  It also included foot and hand/arm massages.  It was WONDERFUL. Immediately after, I had my haircut.  The shampoo was great.  The chair automatically reclined and had a massager built into the back.  It also involved a light scalp massage.  The hairdresser really knew what she was doing and gave me a great cut and style.  I'm glad I took her advice.  I am extremely happy, but then again, I am also the type of person who goes to a new salon for a haircut while on vacation.  I'm not exactly protective of my hair. :)After reading criticism of it being too small, I paid attention, and I didn't feel like it was too small.  It is well laid out, very stylish, and is actually more spacious than the salon I go to at home.  One thing I really liked is that there are mirrors everywhere, so regardless of how the stylist turned my chair, I could always watch what she was doing.  It may not be great if you are prone to panic and overanalyze your stylist's every move...or maybe it is.The total bill for both came to about $100 after the discount.  I feel like that is a fantastic deal.  It definitely took the discount to get me to try it out, but now that I've been, I will definitely come back on a future trip (even though I sadly won't get a discount).
5	When I first moved from Seattle to Las Vegas, I didn't know where to begin looking for a salon and because I take my hair pretty seriously, this was no easy task. Luckily, I turned to you, Yelp, and couldn't say no to Globe's amazing reviews. Then I realized I had a friend who went there as well and had to make the call. After telling the receptionist about what I was looking for and answering a few questions, she made an appointment for me to see Megan. Wow, am I ever glad she did. Megan just gets color. She has made me every shade of blonde and recently helped me go the EXACT color of red I've been trying to achieve - with no luck - since junior high. Due to the immense amount of trust I have in her, I also asked Megan to give me the bangs I was always too nervous to try prior to meeting her. Oh, and um, I LOVE THEM. Megan is an artist, end of story. As for Globe, if their massaging shampoo chairs didn't seal our relationship, the fact that they made Elle magazine's list of 100 salons in the country definitely made this exclusive. If you live in Vegas or are just visiting, you have to make yourself an appointment here. I promise you won't regret it. The salon is hip, the staff is incredibly friendly and fun and you'll walk out looking and feeling like a million bucks.
1	one of the worst haircuts i've ever had. i considered going back to have it fixed but there is no way that someone who cuts hair this poorly could fix what they've done. my hair was chopped straight across in the most unsophisticated way and i asked for a trim and she hacked off at least three inches of healthy hair. no idea why. i don't know what the other stylists are like but  judging by the owner staci, who cut my hair, i'd say give the place a wide berth. fyi, i'm picky and have high standards but i rarely ever complain about haircuts. my hair is truly very poorly cut.
5	I live in Cleveland... need I say more... I decided on a recent trip to Vegas, to do some research and find a stellar hair colorist... indeed I did. Megan is a pro, listened, understood, and created exactly what I wanted. The space is simple, just hair. But they are damn good! I'll see you all in three months!
5	I adore Globe Salon. I have the privilege of knowing the owners, Stacy and James and they and their staff are delightful. Globe Salon is classy, hip, clean and a step above the rest. Take it from a female who for four years settled on mediocre, overpriced Vegas stylists. At Globe, you get what you pay for. They offer amazing facials, waxing and other exciting services and did I mention they are a Bumble and Bumble network salon? Huzzah! I love going here and I see either Sam or Megan. :-)
5	Hydraulic chair shampoo stations, head massages, fetching ladies,  free mints... What more could you possibly ask for with a mens haircut? I guess just a good cut, but they've got that covered. I stopped in and got my hairs did by amanda. Needless to say, it came out pretty sweet. I actually look somewhat handsome now. Girls actually say "hi" back when I say hello. I got hired at a new job. Booyah! Though, I think it would be completely insane to accredit this solely to my hair cut, but what the hell? Maybe, just maybe some magic happened at the tip of those scissors. I'll also note, im very pleased with the price of my life make over. 33 dollars. I dont know any life coach that can beat that...Anyways im rambling. Ill be back, globe.
4	I've been trying to find a good stylist for a while and I decided to try Megan out at Globe. The salon is nice and Megan was awesome. She took the time to understand exactly what I wanted and offered suggestions along the way. Megan was friendly and talkative and explained what she was doing and why along the way. I've already made my follow up appt.
4	Small but chic salon with trendy young stylists that do great work with color and cuts. I told my stylist I was looking for an edgier look but still wanted easy upkeep. She gave me a few summery highlights and a  layered cut. I didn't love the way she styled it because I specifically said I want volume but she made it too sleak. I should have been more specific because the front layers just sort of sit there.  I think I can get the look I want when I play with it a bit. Best part is the amazing shampoo service in massaging chairs-very relaxing. The salon is very pricey. Even after a 30% coupon I paid a lot. I never heard of a salon charging for toner. I thought that was part of the coloring process. But if $ is no object then you will enjoy this place
5	I'm a Mid-west born girl who grew up in Michigan, moved to Chicago, and am now living in Las Vegas. My style is more conservative compared to most out here... That being said, my family is back and forth between Michigan and Las Vegas for business, so  when I moved here I lived in Summerlin, so I went to a salon out there. I then moved downtown to Newport Lofts, and have been loving every second of it. My family has invested a lot  in downtown Las Vegas, and I wanted to as well, so I decided to give Globe Salon a go. The results were tremendous. I went in blind, and got hooked up with Megan. After talking to her for 2 minutes, she knew what I wanted, and what I wanted to change. She did a brilliant job on my hair, and I am more than happy. This girl gets color, and she gets it done well. I am a new convert to Globe Salon, and will be visiting there every 4-5 weeks. The people that work there have a great attitude, and that is so important and meaningful. Keep it up you guys! See you in a month! (or maybe even sooner for a facial)
5	Some people like to go on crazy adventures when on vacation, while others choose to relax. Me? I like to get pampered. Which is why I made an appointment at Globe Salon while on a quick trip to Las Vegas. Samantha came highly recommended and my hair needed some serious TLC, so why not?I showed up about 45 minutes early and was greeted with friendly smiles at the front desk. Some salons wouldn't be so nice... and would probably tell you to either come back or have a seat and be prepared to wait. Lucky for me, it was a slow afternoon and Samantha was able to get started within a few minutes. Her consult was spot-on: my hair was too long and the layers just weren't working out. Easy peasy. After a quick wash (Bumble & Bumble products here - yessss!), she got to cutting. Nothing dramatic, just some cleaning up, thinning out and we were on to my favorite part: the blowout. God help me, but I would trade my firstborn for a blowout every day of the week. Samantha did a great job too - big soft curls, just how I like it. If I lived in Vegas, I'd be a regular at Globe Salon. Great stylists, products that I like, professional staff, but not too stuffy or pretentious. Alas, I can only come back when in town visiting family or friends. But, rest assured, I will be back.
5	This Yelp review is long overdue, but I'm struggling with the perfect words to say "Thank you.  You're awesome".   I've been a client with Megan at Globe Salon since I first moved to Vegas in 2005.  From long, flowy strands to super short pixie Megan works her magic on my hair.  We  always start the visit by talking through exactly what I want to do with the cut and/or color.  Next we move to the shampoo where I'm spoiled with a serious scalp massage and luxurious aromatherapy-like products that put me in a state of blissful relaxation.  Depending on my cut, she carefully & skillfully cuts my hair in stages, finishing it off after the hair is dry.  I don't know how she does it, but my hair ALWAYS looks so much better when she styles it than when I do it myself.  I do a pretty good job on my own, but she's definitely the pro.One word for Megan's color - Perfect!  She keeps a record of the different shades that I've tried and the formula to recreate the blend.Everyone that works at Globe is super friendly and I always feel welcomed.  Upon walking in the door you will most likely will see Jenna first who will offer you a variety of yummy beverages.  The decor is simple, yet modern and trendy.  The music is always a unique blend; you will never have to listen to the overrated, overplayed Top 40 music. They're closed on Sun/Mon.  Their schedule is pretty flexible, so you can always find something that works with your schedule whether you prefer weekend appointments, lunch time, or after work.I love love love Megan & Globe Salon!
5	Everything about Globe Salon is worthy of a 5 star rating! From the fresh Downtown location (much better suited than the old Decatur/Charleston digs) to the stylish decor and lively staff, every service you book is an experience. Megan is marvelous! She does this quick but thorough consult each and every time I see her just to make sure we are on the same page and that I know exactly what to expect. Then it's off to a glorious washing and complete relaxation! And before I know it, I am strutting out of there looking and feeling uber-glam! Shout out to James and Staci for all their hard work in running one of the city's most upscale salons!
5	Said I'd be back... and I was over the holidays. Samantha gave another great haircut and I'm sad that she doesn't live closer. Is it a little excessive to fly your stylist into town every time you need a cut?
5	I tried a number of high-rated, supposedly hip and creative salons in town, only to be disappointed again and again by stylists that just didn't get me or what I wanted.  I was sad and frustrated with hairstylists that either made me look like a soccer mom or tried too hard to make me look what they thought was "rock and roll".  I even thought about commuting back to my stylist in LA for haircuts!I've been going to Globe for probably 2-3 years now and am ever-so-thankful that I finally found them!  Samantha is amazing!  I like to change up my style every now and then (I get bored - must be my punk rock roots) and she's always ready to build on my ideas with suggestions that look great!  Creative and just a darn enjoyable person to chat with while getting a great cut - I can't recommend Sam enough.  She has really helped me redefine my personal style and keeps me looking cool as I get older.
5	Been meaning to get on here to write a review for some time. I have been a loyal customer to Globe for 10 years now. I sadly actually recently moved from Las Vegas and still fly in just to get my hair done by Stacy. Every trip to the salon is amazing not just for the best hair but the energy in the salon from all the staff is always so positive. Many of the hair artist there have been on board for years and they are one Hot family and all amazing at what they do. I really see how each client bonds and gets excited to catch up with their own personal hair stylist. Stacy introduced me to the Keratin Hair treatment when it first game out. I can not even explain how this has changed my life. My hair before was frizzy and all over the place. Now with the treatment it takes less then half the time to style it and its healthier and softer then when I was a child. I love it.I really wish there was a Globe salon in LA but I will continue to make the trip to make sure my hair is always in the best hands. I always stock up on product too. Globe carries lines that a bit more exclusive from hair to skin all top of the line. Great hair and skin is a reflection has def powered my confidence and I Thank the Amazing Globe salon staff for that .
4	Today was my first visit to Globe Salon, and I really enjoyed the experience. Sam provided a great consultation, great cut, and several styling tips! I am so excited to have found my new favorite salon in LV!
5	I recently moved to town and needed a new stylist for my high maintenance, curly hair. I was very nervous and hesitant to trust someone new but after seeing all the great reviews on yelp I decided to give this salon a try. I called and was given a same day appt, yay! My stylist was Sam. She talked with me at length about my hair and then went to business! In the end my hair was exactly how I wanted it - she took the time to really give me the cut I wanted AND style it the way I wanted. Most people will quickly blow dry and leave my hair frizzy and unmanageable.. Sam took great care to make sure it was wearable right out of the salon and assured me that if I wasn't happy after trying to style at home to please come back so she could fix it. It was really nice to get that reassurance! I don't think I'll be needing a fix.. She did an amazing job. :)
5	The service and vibe here is right up to par! Staci did an OUTSTANDING job with both my sister's and my hair for my brother's wedding day. I brought a photo of what I wanted my hair to look like and she did it exactly like the photo. I felt beautiful and it was amazing. Everyone here is really nice and they have super strong coffee that had me buzzing all day! Everyone should get there hair done @ Globe Salon. They also are very involved in the community and the growth and success of downtown, which I find amazing.
5	I was in Las Vegas to meet my dream women (Shania). What I didn't expect was to find my dream hair salon!  Ok, I don't really dream about salons, but I needed a great haircut as I couldn't get in to my stylist on Maui before my trip. Yelp led me to Globe, Amanda and Gina - what an excellent day. Well worth the taxi from the Strip!Amanda took the time to analyze my current cut, and clearly knew that we always do a lot of thinning. She knew where my problem areas are and we drafted a plan. After the second best shampoo chair experience ever (the best one is private), I ended up with much less hair and a style I immediately loved!  After Gina gently and wonderfully dealt with my manscaping challenges, I was set for my "date" with Shania T!  Excellent day. Again, well worth the distance from the Strip. As Yelp led me there, I have finally decided to join in and contribute to the Yelper world. (first review). I'll be back.
5	I went in for a facial and hair cut and color. I am always nervous trying new places but I needed to find a place downtown since I just moved there. The facial was amazing and I had my hair done by Staci and LOVE what she did with my cut and color. She did exactly what I asked and it turned out perfect! The salon is beautiful and the entire staff was nice and welcoming! So glad I found a salon downtown that I love!
5	I went there based on yelp reviews and got Samantha to drastically cut and highlight my hair. 5 stars! She did exactly what I wanted and I've gotten so many compliments!  I am totally satisfied. Money WELL spent
5	So I basically set up a Yelp account just so I could rate this salon. I called in and got an appointment with Samantha. I was pleased to see that she has great reviews, as I was cutting my shoulder length hair completely off and needed someone who knew what they were doing.I've never had my hair cut this short before, I wanted a Rihanna-type hair style, short on the sides, long in front.  My hair came out perfect! Samantha cut it better than I imagined, and I couldn't be more pleased! I definitely recommend her, and I will definitely be back.
5	I love this place! They do an amazing job every time, and they carry the best product lines! I love kerastase !  The salon is clean ,and they are very welcoming. I love the way the salon looks as well. It is very urban looking , not what you would expect from a salon in Las Vegas.  Cassie is the stylist I go to! She does the best job. She is very attentive ,and asks a lot of questions. Last time I was going from red to an ombre brown with a neutral blonde on the ends! The color turned out beautiful.  She educated me on how to style my hair ,and what products to use.  I will def be back!
1	If I could rate negative stars I would. Worst customer service I've ever received. Phoned several times over a month leaving messages with the staff and salon director to receive information on booking haircuts for our 160+ employees. Each message went undelivered or ignored. When leaving my first review on here, James called me out to be a liar and solicitor, among other things. I posted all employee names and phone numbers that were given to me to prove he was mistaken, to which Yelp eventually removed for privacy reasons. However, each conversation was recorded and saved beforehand and has since been saved on multiple social networking sites. Please do not disregard other reviews that point out how deceiving James and the rest of Globe Salon are because they are most certainly true. I will never step foot into this salon. It's unfortunate that their staff is unprofessional but, moreover, disheartening that they were judgmental, rude and disrespectful. GS, please continue to treat potential and existing customers with this attitude so I can enjoy watching you run yourselves out of business.
5	I've never been that diligent about checking in to the salon on Yelp when I go, but a review is long overdue now that I have seen that for whatever reason, some people gave the salon one star.I started coming here in 2003 as a teenager (the first time I went, Sam did my hair and Blair was the receptionist!) and my mother followed suit about a year later, along with some friends who have popped in and out over the years.I will first say that no matter the service, the stylist/aesthetician, or the location (old vs. new), we have always been happy with the services- regardless of price.  All of the best salons have salaried teams (which cost a little more) rather than commissioned chair-leasers for a reason, and Staci and James (owners/directors) definitely understand that.  Staci is always in the salon, checking on clients, chit chatting with regulars, and takes a full set of appointments.  She is still extremely dedicated to her craft, continually perfecting her skills, and she ensures that all staff get constant education and training.Diena takes care of all of our waxing needs, she is efficient, friendly, and professional- I look forward to seeing her every three weeks.  I also get compliments and inquiries about my hair almost daily, and I attribute that to the fact that I always let my stylist (now Samantha) take creative license.If that isn't reason enough to go, then you must be crazy.
5	Great hair care stop! I always feel welcome & the attention that I receive from the receptionist, shampoo & stylist are second to none. They manage to keep me looking trendy & have suggestions for color that I appreciate. I can't recommend this salon & their team highly enough!!!
5	This review is for Cassie, the beautiful redhead who cut my hair on my last day of vacation in Vegas.  I'm usually weary about having anyone new cut my hair but I thought, "what the hell, I'm in Vegas--why not." My usual stylist that I've been going to for the past couple of years here in the Bay Area has usually done my hair really well, but the past three times she's cut my hair the bangs came out really weird and flipped outwards, taking away the swept across look that I've been trying to maintain.I began to think that maybe my bangs just didn't grow the same anymore--but I explained to Cassie my concerns with the problem areas of my hair.  She listened patiently and figured out where the problem was with my hair not being cut properly before.  She was very precise and thorough while cutting my hair, and when she was done I saw many voluminous layers and most importantly--the sweeping bangs that I was beginning to think were forever gone--AND she cut them perfectly, just the way I envisioned.It takes me forever before I find a good hairstylist and sad to say I found a new one (Cassie) who lives in another state!  I'm seriously contemplating waiting for my next Vegas trip in a month and a half or so just so Cassie can cut my hair again.  Recommending Cassie at Globe Salon to anyone in Vegas who wants bomb ass hair!  Thanks Cassie!! (Forgot to mention, my haircut was a SUPER good price.  Usually I drop $60 to $70 on my haircuts but I was shocked when I saw how low the total was.)
5	Stacey understands hair! Visit this salon now! She adjusted my color, created style and body in my flat, tired hairdo, and gave me one if the best blow outs ever (and I blow out a lot).
4	I got my hair styled before the Marine ball and was really worried because I have used the same hairdresser for a couple years now.. The service was wonderful. Cassie is GREAT. She made me feel comfortable and did such a fantastic job. The prices are reasonable.. I would recommend this salon to anyone who needs their hair done while in Las Vegas.
5	This salon is wonderful. I went to a supposedly "top salon" in Vegas and they destroyed my hair--I thought it was going to be irreversible. I read about this salon and decided I would give it a try--I hadn't slept and was crying because I thought I would never get my Farrah Fawcet color back. I called to explain what happened and they immediately got me in the salon to fix it. I was afraid my new hair, which was white and gray looking, couldn't be fixed--then Cassie completely fixed my hair. I have never been so relieved and happy with a hair designer in my life! The salon director, Staci, watched and talked with me to make sure I was on the same page as the designers. Great experience and they really care about the clients--Cassie restored my hair to an even better and healthier look.
5	I had to write a review for Stacey, the amazing stylist who cut my hair. My hair is super long and currently ombre. It lacked life and I couldn't get it to do anything. Stacey knew immediately what to do and we both had the same vision. She went to work and cut amazing layers that my hair so desperately needed. She added a few highlights and styled it perfectly. I can't wait to go back in a few months for another cut, she is amazing and I'm happy I found a stylist to do my hair when I'm in Vegas!
5	I love Globe! It's easily the best salon in town, with the best prices and stylists. The environment in the salon is fun, comfortable and inviting. The owner is a true local to Vegas, and is super loyal to her customers. All services here are great. I especially love getting my hair cut from Amanda Wolfe--she's creative and honest. I think the best stylists are the ones who figure out what styles and colors look best on their client, Amanda does this. I've tried other salons, but I keep coming back to Globe.
5	Awesome and memorable experience at globe salon this morning!  Kim literally transformed my hair from a fried nightmare into a beautiful healthy hairstyle!!  She was extremely knowledgable about the different products and did a great job recommending the perfect solution to my dry hair.  I will be back for sure!!  Thanks so much kim and team!  If I could I would have given ten stars!
5	After spending a month in the mountains of Colorado, I had a severe case of the Grizzly Adams. I need help beyond the scope of what a chain haircutter could provide. I walked in and James made me appointment for later the same day and Kimberly worked a miracle and I look fabulous. Great facility and great people. And everyone working there that evening was a native to Las Vegas, so I got a bonus local history lesson!
5	Staci is a true magician! I moved to Vegas two years ago and couldn't find a hair stylist that I liked... until today! I went into Globe Salon with mousy blonde, dry, frizzy hair with split ends everywhere. I left with a hydrated, beautiful beige blonde and a fabulous cut. Before we even started, Staci sat me down and we discussed every option and looked through photos until I felt comfortable. Not only is Staci just great to chat with while getting your hair done, but she even taught me hair tips and tricks while she was making magic happen. I have been to dozens of hair salons in my life and have never been more pleased with the cut, color AND blowout. I will absolutely be back to visit Staci! Thank you, Globe Salon!
5	Globe Salon is located conveniently in my apartment building so I decided to check it out. I was in dire need of a blow out and walked in at about 4 to make an appointment. Staci and James were super accommodating and I was lucky enough to get an appointment with Andrew at 6.I am usually very wary about getting my hair done since I've always encountered issues in the past at salons, but Andrew was fantastic. I forgot the name of the lovely woman who washed my hair but she was friendly and thorough (thank you!).When I spoke to Andrew, I informed him that my hair was flat and it was difficult for me to keep volume. He took the time to describe to me the products that were used in my hair and I ended up buying the travel size to try out at home since I loved them so much. He was incredibly warm and friendly and kept me chatting the whole time - a trait that every person in the salon seems to have which is rare.I've gotten my hair blown out at a lot of places but nobody has given me a result like Andrew. He was amazing and you can tell he has true talent - he knew EXACTLY what I wanted without me having to describe much. My hair is dull and lifeless due to constant coloring and the hot Vegas air but he styled it to have so much volume and the outcome was beautiful. I am so happy I gave this place a try. The salon is very reasonably priced and the atmosphere is very warm and inviting. I will definitely be back!
5	Just moved to Las Vegas from dallas Texas and was really nervous about getting my hair colored lighter in a city I didn't know any great salons, so I got pretty lucky to have found globe salon ! Lindsey was really confident about lighting up my hair and taking me the healthier route to achieve my desired color. Also, Andrew was also awesome by just giving me a great cut that just fits my frame perfectly ! If you are looking for people who know what there doing, and who do it well... This is your place! Not to mention customer service was an A + from entire staff!!
5	The hairdresser did a great job layering my long unruly  hair. They work with Redken products which is a plus.
5	Rita is absolutely the best in the world; a well known celebrity hair stylist and make up artist. Rita has worked her magic to color correct my damaged hair and make my hair look like "Sun Kissed California hair" with the best highlights I have ever had in my whole life. I can not say enough good things about Rita and how fortunate I am to have found her. Rita is incredibly talented and gives you the star treatment when you sit in her chair. Rita is the only real talent at Globe Salon. Give yourself a star treatment and make an appointment with Rita. Thanks Rita for all your talent and magic!
