4	Went to 5 shows in a row here for Kinetik Festival, and was impressed by the bouncers, bar staff, and sound system. On every single night, the bouncers were nice and professional (the first time I've ever experienced that in, like... EVER), the bartenders were super fast (though the drinks were really weak, plus selection of different booze is poor), and the sound system pretty great from every seat. I'd definitely wouldn't hesitate to come back for shows at this venue.
4	Like Avitania B., we also were at Metropolis for five nights in a row for Kinetik Festival.  We thought it was a great setup, multi-levels on the floor, plus a gradated balcony means that short people have lots of options to see what's going on on stage. The sound was great too.Drinks were expensive, so it's not the place to come if you want to get drunk. Enjoy the music instead.I'd love to see another show or festival at this venue.
4	This venue is amazing (and i've been to a shit ton of concerts). I was here for the Kinetik Festival and I always had a great view of the stage.There are 2 bars in the main dance floor area and a big one in the very back (main floor).there are 2 more bars on each side of the terraced seatting section upstairs. the only reason they loose a star is because the bathrooms are ALL THE WAY UPSTAIRS. There are soooo many stairs :( My legs got tired after a while.I wish Seattle had a venue like this. Metropolis, you will be missed.
4	Like quite a few other reviewers on here, i came here for Kinetik Festival. This was actually my second year here, but i seriously thought i had reviewed this place already after last year! It's a big venue with some amazing sight lines from the balconies, and their domed ceiling is just GORGEOUS! The staff here are really awesome and friendly! They were that great mix of being really friendly and welcoming but still professional.Not much has changed in the year since i was here last, but i thiiiiink if i had reviewed this place last year it would have gotten five stars instead of four! It's still a great venue, but a lot of my wonder at the beautiful architecture inside has been replaced by disappointment at the pricey drinks.  Mind you, it is a live music venue so you've gotta expect it to be a little above average, but when a gin and soda costs eight dollars because it's considered a premium drink it is a bit ridiculous! I've said it before and i'll say it again, I'll gladly spend $20 on liquor if i can get three good drinks out of it, but if getting two drinks costs that much i'll just get one in a tall glass (if i get anything at all) and cut my losses. That being said, i was at a five day music festival, so the high prices were a bigger thorn in my side than they would have been if i was just going to a show for one evening!The drink prices really are my only complaint about this venue though, so aside from that this place is a great joint to catch a show!!
3	Another historic space, built originally in the 1880s, this one was partially destroyed by a fire and renovated and reimagined by the omni-present in the Cite du Spectacles Equipe Spectra. It's a ~2000 person venue with good sound and sightlines, generally a live music space but also booked for TV. Something about it feels detached, and the security here is questionable - lots of musicians have had their vans broken into when playing here, and this was of course the scene of the tragic shooting during the PQ rally on election day this year.
4	'You don't know what's in store, but you know what you're here forClose your eyes, lay yourself beside meHold tight for this ride, we don't need no protectionCome alone, we don't need attention'                                                                      -The Weeknd: High For This7 days removed from seeing The Weeknd at HOB Boston, I trekked North to Montreal to repeat the emotional, spiritual and lyrical mental trip and absolute madness that I whole heartedly craved. Metropolis is located on the Est end of St. Catherine. It's without question a landmark in Montreal and it's earned its stripes. Pretty spacious venue with a  stadium style seating balcony. The drinks are reasonably priced as well. Security may have kicked a few conspicuous knuckleheads out for it, but for the most part everyone was blowin' kush without concern. After all, that's at minimun 80% of The Weeknd's material anyways. I'm sure he approved.There were SO MANY beautiful women at the show. I'm upset I didn't leave with anyone, but I guess it was just meant to be.Incredible show Abel! Keep makin' that music that grips your FCUKin' soul. Take no hostages.*XO hand gesture in the air*'I guess you had no idea that you could have persuaded meGirl, you could have had me doing anything you pleasedGirl, you should have took your time and thought of what to say to me'Cuz I'm not as hard as I make it seem to be'                                                                            -The Weeknd: Montreal-Beantowns Finest
5	My favourite venue in montreal. Right in the middle of downtown, decent prices, great bands, right around the block of the St-Laurent metro station (literally 2 minutes) and wonderful venue. I've been here at least 15 times and it was always a blast. The security people are very uptight though so don't even dare object.
3	went there a couple of times mainly for chromeo and some just for laughs show. it's a good place as you're quite near the stage and even on the balcony, you have a great view. what i don't like is they seem to crank up the volume and blast it through the speakers without caring of having a good sound or taking into account the type of music being played. for example, chromeo which is not rock music but was treat like one. you can't crank it up like it's a metallica concert.
3	Location: Ste-Catherine and St-Laurent. Subway stop - St. Laurent.Venue: Personally, Metropolis is one of my favorite places to see live (music) shows. The sound is great, and you almost always have a good view of the main act. It's also not that hard to snake your way to the front even when the place is packed. As well, for some reason, band members seem more accessible in this place - I was lucky enough to meet the guys from Travis, Snow Patrol and Remy Zero without even trying (seriously - I was minding my own business and next thing you to, I'm meeting a band member!). Despite this being one of my favorite venues, it does have some drawbacks. First, I positively loathe the extensive line-ups before each show, that run down the block and around the corner. Just let people in already! Secondly, when it's packed, you will often find rude pricks who don't understand (or don't give a sh*t about) your personal space. Now, I get that we're seeing a live show and as with any show that you choose to see from the floor, you're bound to get pushed a little. But there are limits and anyone with a brain should know that if the waitress confuses us for the same person, they're standing too damn close. Also, if I can smell you? You're still too close! If you want to avoid such morons, just make sure to get there early and get a seat or go up to the balcony. The floor area offers a great view, but with it come a lot of socially inept fools.
2	Awesome venue!! Was there for Mutek this week!  Mutek does a great job with sound and visuals, so I imagine that quality is Muteks's responsability.  But Metropolis layout with the theater like setting, acoustics and the many bars is dope!  The restroom are fine, but some were clogged and there was no clean-up that I noticed thru out the night.It gets two starts because of service---Drinks are weak because they have that gun that controls the pour-that's understandable though.  I first used the bar to the left of the stage and the bartender lady gave us mad attitude when I went to pay with my credit card-somehow it didn't go thru--she yelled at me!  I handed her another card-she gave us even more attitude-it didn't go thru either.  I apologized-we paid cash we only had $American, she was so pissed.  But oh well.Second time, changed to another bartender in the back of the downstairs area!  He seemed much nicer, he noticed we were speaking spanish and spoke in spanish to us.  Ordered drinks, tried my card again--didn't work again--then paid in American money.  We got change back and took a minute to count because we don't understand Canadian coins yet, he looked at us and told us that "here in this country people tip."  I think he thought that we weren't gonna tip.  I thought that was so disrespectful, plus tip is a reward for good service not a must, if a tender treats you poorly-you don't tip!  N I've been a waitress for years!  If I give bad service I don't except a tip it's happened if you are too busy or something goes wrong.  But the bartenders here have an attitude problem, and they might be jaded about foreigners and tourists not tipping.  They need to be put in check and they need a customer service update!Thirdly, we went upstairs to another lady by the restrooms whe was a little older-perhaps 40s.  She was such a sweetheart! Thanks God!  We only bought from her after!!My advice is to only bring Canadian in cash, perhaps drink a bit outside before you come in, and don't take crap from them.
4	This was my second visit to Metropolis, and I had a fantastic time, yet again. My first visit here was several years ago to see Jack's Mannequin and Fun preform. I was so swept up in the music, I didn't have much time to check out the venue, except I vaguely remembered a beautiful balcony, and nice lighting.This time, I came to see Damien Rice, and I appreciated the venue a lot more, as we got there early and I had some time to look around. The space is pretty intimate, which I really enjoyed. It's a very old building, and certainly has a lot of charm. There's a very cool drum sculpture in the lobby, and the place has an old school charm to it.The theatre space itself has a large bar in the back, and two smaller bars in the middle of the floor. I found this super convenient (thanks Montreal!)! There are some cocktail tables scattered near the back, and some ledges to lean on if you're lucky enough to grab one.For this show, the balcony was private, so the general admission ticket holders all stood on the floor (there's no seating in the main theatre space). I remember going up to the balcony during Jack's Mannequin, and it being quite lovely. It's a nice break from standing!I was blown away by Damien Rice's performance. He was completely acoustic, and had no opening act. It was a really raw and awesome, the sound was great, and the venue was perfect for it.I have a feeling this is a spot a lot of my favourite acts would preform at, so I'm sure I'll be back again soon. Drinks are a good price (a glass of wine is $5 and a bottle was $30), staff were very friendly and kind, and the atmosphere is romantic and charming.My only gripe is that we couldn't find the bathrooms! Coat check is downstairs, and they direct you to go up a back flight of stairs when you're heading back upstairs, which is a bit odd. Otherwise, it's lovely here.
