5	GRAND OPENINGGGGGGGGThis Starbucks is not your ordinary Starbucks. This place is so big. I love the patio. The wooden table with the stools is so cute. I love the staff.  Everyone is so friendly. I am going to go broke with this place, its on my way to work, its a drive thru, it's just perfect.ahhhhhh
4	Clean, fast, friendly! What more could you want? Minus a point for the location. I had to dodge 3 random people aimlessly walking/riding bikes around the parking lot. It's a while lot of the kind of people who aimlessly wander the Fry's parking lot next door. It's right next to a light rail stop in a shady part of town. Aaaaand I forgot to ask for my drink cold...they didn't ask but I don't have the heart to ask for it to be different because the lady was so nice. Thankful for a good hazelnut macchiato near by.
1	My husband and I were out and about and like so many pregnant women, with only a couple weeks left to go, I found myself with the sudden urge to use the bathroom. We stopped into a Starbucks on 7th ave and Camelback in Phoenix and noticed that they had keypad locks on the bathroom doors. I waddled up to the counter and asked the barista if I could please have the code for the ladies room. He asked if I was going to buy something because he could only give me the code if I made a purchase. I replied that I'm pregnant and need to use the bathroom now. He again repeated that I would have to purchase something. I glared at him and walked away to my husband and told him that I was denied access.Understandably, this upset Brad who marched right over to the Starbucks employee and in a forceful tone again stated that I am pregnant and should be granted use of the bathroom. They went back and forth for a moment, all the while the employee repeating that toilet access comes with a purchase. Finally Brad put his credit card on the counter and said, "Charge me for whatever and give me the code!". To this, the barista said no and refused to sell him anything, insisting instead that we leave and go to the Fry's down the street and use their facilities. A woman in line behind Brad who had been witnessing this bathroom denial insanity said that she was about to be making a purchase and asked for the code. The unrelenting employee refused and instead told my husband that if he didn't leave, he would be calling the police.At this point, Brad realized that my urge was becoming urgent so we left and used the bathroom at a much more accepting Subway next door. I don't know if there is any civil or federal code that permits access of a toilet to a pregnant women in the state of Arizona, but there should be extenuating circumstances regardless. Especially when there is no signage stating that the bathrooms are for customers only.I have never experience anything like this in my life. To unapologetically deny a very pregnant woman the use of a bathroom is wrong. This male barista exhibited a total lack of compassion and understanding, not to mention zero common scence. I hope that other pregnant women never have to experience this kind of embarrassment.
