1	A friend suggested that we play golf at Starfire, little (short) resort style course on Hayden in Scottsdale.I don't want to get off on a rant here, but will someone (other than me...I did tell them but the blank stares I encountered lead me to believe that my diatribe was ineffective and possibly not even understood by the staff at Starfire) tell them to give the Armor All a rest!I suppose the course is nice enough...I've played there many times since I moved to town.I suppose the prices are reasonable...I have certainly paid more to play a course in worse condition.So why the one star for a place called Starfire? Somebody needs to tell the morons in the cart barn or out in the staging area to give the Armor All a rest!!!!!I appreciate a pretty, shiny golf cart as much as the rest of hacking community...but don't spray it all over the cart...and don't spray it so it drips places where I will put my hands!!!!Once the still wet Armor All gets on your hands, you are done golfing until you:A - get some solvent to get this crap out of all the little ridges and cracks in my hands...not good...it took 2 days, and;B - Get a good golf shop to re-grip ALL of your golf clubs to the tune of approx. $100You cannot play golf if you can't hang onto the club and with Armor All on your hands, you literally (and I don't mean figuratively...I literally mean literally) cannot hold onto a golf club and swing it...it just won't be happening. I quit after 3 holes.No satisfaction when I asked for a refund or some sort recompense (they did offer me a cart which wasn't dripping with Armor All, but the damage was done by then).I doubt I'll spend my golfing dollars there again.
1	0 stars,  this place hasn't been worth the cost of green fees since it was the Scottsdale country club.  The palmer nine added later is not bad but the remodel of the original 18 in search of real estate for condos etc was a heinous use of ground.  I have played here twice in benefit tournament and would never play it otherwise.
3	This course is nice. Very nicely kept and has that resort feel as Donald mentioned. There are houses all around so you might end up in someone's yard. It is also a very narrow course, which does not help this cause.The cart girls are very nice and come around quite often. There are a few water hazards that can be tricky if you've never played there before. All in all, a good decent course for the money.
2	I used to play this course (the north and south courses as they used to be called) back in my high school golf days every day after school. The course layout has changed a bit for those 9's but all in all it's the same old place. I remember it used to be in better condition however. I really don't think the layouts of the 3 9's are very good. The East course (across the street) is probably the most interesting of them all and is the newest. Beware, they don't have a driving range so you might want to warm up down the street at cracker jacks or something. I wouldn't recommend this place really unless they have some 10$ deals on. If you can keep the ball straight you will do fine here.
1	I've golfed at Starfire a few times over the Summer, I've enjoyed it.  Probably one of the better value courses in Scottsdale and a good location.  The course is pretty long expecially from the tips.  After yesterday though, I hate the place.  I played a 6 hour round and what was worse, the ranger that was going around said we were on pace for a 4 hour 20 minute round.  He gave us hope it would speed up, but it was a lie.  Once a businees lies to me, I'm done with them.  The ranger never came back around because he probably figuered out he was useless.  Thanks to them, I didn't get any enjoyment out of my 50 dollars.  They seemed to care about overbooking and getting paid for green fees, then pleasing their customers.
1	Horrible management 30 minute waits on each hole because they cannot hire a starter who can do a mediocre job of managing a 27 hole course.
4	don't believe the reviews. Nice course, nice facilities, nice food & bev service in the club house as well as on the course. Not a hard course, but not easy... If you hit right or left you will not like the course (homes on both sides) and the greens are very fast... But I had a great time... Now if I could just putt I would have really enjoyed it....
1	My t-time was at 1130, after finishing the front in 3 hours I'd had enough. Waited 15 min. @ each hole, and the ranger could care less. The woman driving the beverage cart was rude and impatient. When I went to leave, There was no attempt by any of the staff to see why I was leaving after 9. Just a poor experience and will not be returning.
5	Surprised to see such bad reviews here, so I am going to overcompensate with a 5-star so they can work to even this deal out...It is not a 5-star place, no doubt, but for where it is, what it is, and the price it is, damn good deal and a nice track...It's harder than one would think to play golf in Scottsdale if you are a reasonably good golfer and want a good course, but can't afford a $200 dollar round. I don't like the super cheap courses because its more pain than it is pleasure.Starfire offers that middle ground for me, a mid-range golf course, that by no means is it BEAUTIFUL or BREATHTAKING, but what it is, a good track for a good price... There are a couple of really great holes too...You'll find me out here at least 1x a month
4	I like to consider myself a mediocre golfer, but I do enjoy this course. It gives me a challenge at certain holes (damn you hole #4 and #8! we lost 4 good balls today!) but then other holes make me feel like I might be getting this game down. The Golf cart path are narrow and certain corners with oncoming golf cart traffic feel like a game of chicken, but the greens are well kept. Bathrooms on the course we nice and stocked and the locker rooms in the clubhouse are smaller than what I'm used to but they again are well kept. They have a golf cart ladies/girls whom have almost anything you could want on a course and came around a few times. The Clubhouse food was really delicious, I love their sliders! Prices are decent and the staff was friendly. I will definitely play here again.
1	We paid the "twilight rate" of $29 but after 4 holes in two hours, the pro shop said we should be able to play 9. Really?  I'll be supporting a different course come May thru Sept.
2	Pretty standard stuff here, 3 - 9 hole courses, Squire, Hawk and King I believe. I golfed a handful of times here and they never seem to have their stuff together. Most recently had a 926 tee time that got pushed back just over an hour due to frost on the course, yet we never received a courtesy call to in inform us. As you can imagine it was quite the mess. There always seems to be "something" that we are forced to deal with. As for the course, they run pretty short, a lot of par 3's, water comes into play on a handful of holes, all in all it does the trick and you can generally find a discounted tee time online, pd roughly 60 for 18 and a cart...
3	Course was in ok shape except for standing water in the majority of the bunkers. Prices were reasonable, but they jammed packed too many groups and we were way backed up.
4	Had a good time. Course conditions for hawk and king are great for the time of season with the only exception being the bunkers. Squire needs a little bit more attention but we were warned about that when we inquired about a replay rate. Still very playable but no big. A little short even from the tips, range has strange "almost golf balls" due to limited space but they are fine, my only major gripe is that after finishing hawk and king we inquired about playing Squire. After reveling we paid 20 for the first 18 he said it would be 15 for the replay which is the replay for 18. They apparently don't have a replay rate for 9. Weird. After explaining the situation with the cart kid he said the guy we asked at the pro shop was new and to ask them next time. Still 35 for 27 holes isn't terrible.
4	Driving range and putting green were closed for overseeding so we couldn't get any practice in...yeah, that's the reason for my high score.  The other reason was the incredible amount of sand and water on the course.  Course management is key here as opposed to grip-it-and-rip-it golf.  Overall, it was a great course that I'd come back to play.
3	So, I've played a number of courses throughout the Scottsdale region: Phoenecian, Biltmore, Camelback, etc. I played Starfire today and I loved the course... A few dog legs, plenty of bunkers and a good amount of water hazards. Not a bad course; narrowed by apartments and residential condos. The greens were smooth, even after a quality Arizona monsoon rain. My only complaint was the ranger. Pushy, even when we weren't being pressed. We encountered this ranger 4 or 5 times and, without fail, he was negative and disgruntled. Every other employee was positive and upbeat. Play this course... Beware of the ranger danger...
4	Was here for a Charity Event.  Staff was friendly and helpful, food was good and had an over all great experience!
1	Waiting in line for 5 minutes because the guys in front of me were messing around and taking an exceptionally long time to pay.  When I got up, the cashier said that he already gave my tee time away.  I pointed out that it was 8:43 and we were set for 8:41 and gestured to the goofballs in front of me as the cause for being tardy.  Didn't care.  I complained to the Starter.  The Starter said too bad.  You can go to any of the other 100 courses and play without jerks, a maybe even a driving range.  I'm never going back.
4	Three nine hole courses offer different perspectives from a players view. Only the King and Squire were open this past weekend while the third 9 hole course is under repair.The course isn't long but can be difficult if you're not a shot maker on numerous holes due to water hazard or bunkers, very nice layout. The greens and fairways on the King course were in much better shape than on the Squire course (appeared they were getting over some light disease but improving). Overall, a bargain compaired to most of the other courses in Scottsdale this time of year. New golf carts show that the course is spending $$$ on improvements.As mentiond by other Yelpers, you can feel a little constricted at times due to the nearby homes/condo's so hit them straight. The staff were all very accomodating and friendly, no complaints. The starter was from Georgia so if you're coming from that part of the US, be sure to chat with him since his pride for GA and it's local charm was apparent.  The grilled hot dog's smelled delicious after the ninth hole but had other luncheon plans...I've heard they're good though. The club house has a nice grill and appears they offer a buffet on Sundays, could make for a fine morning of golf followed by lunch on a Sunday. Enjoy!
4	Sunday Brunch was really nice.  Not over the top, but well worth the $13.  Will go again.
5	Great place for brunch with friends. Food is good and well worth dropping in.
3	I played here with a cuz on 4th of July. We were paired up with a female 2 some. They were nice and friendly.The greens on the King were still healing from aerating. Which sucks when the Hawk greens were in good condition.The group behind us hit into us twice. These ladies took it to them and ripped them for it!LOL!!!I would play here but for the right price only
2	The three different nines are fun to play, but don't confuse this with a country club. No real range to warm at and even the foam ball play area and putting green aren't in operation. Oh and BTW your tee time has been pushed back because the Men's Club had trouble teeing it up earlier. Too many other options in the Valley to play. Why come here? Doubtful I will again.
4	What a nice place to sit outside and enjoy a chicken avocado sandwhich.  The food is always good and the gold course view is kilker. Service is typically good, but the pace of the restaurant is a little slower, so don't be in a hurry to eat. If you can tolerate the retired republican coversations going on around you then it's  a 5star...I can barely keep my mouth shut at times, so it's  a 4.
4	What an elegant establishment. It's the golf club that doesn't feel too golfy. We can here for a wedding extravaganza and it was so lovely! The ceremony took place outdoor on the lawn. Ladies or all those considering wearing stilettos you may wanna pack a pair of flats or wear a pair of pumps instead because walking on grass in stilettos is more of a calf work out than you can imagine. After the ceremony there was cocktails and hors d'ourves outside on the patio which was so romantic. I'd say it was one of my favorite parts of the evening because there were fairy lights strewn around willow trees and the sun was setting. The catered food which I do not know if it was in house or outsourced was perfection. Lamb chops, spring rolls, cheese fritters the works. The catering staff was outstanding. After about an hour and a half of socializing outside the event was moved into the ball room space which was cozy and intimate. It was a nice transition. Everyone was dancing and eating lots of even more delicious food. We had the choice between chicken or beef, the beef was definitely the winner. All in all this place is a lovely venue with a tolerant and attentive sincere staff. Pleasant special touches such as the fair lights perfected the atmosphere. I'm sure the bride and groom and everyone who attended feel the same way. Tips: our Uber drivers picked us up without any complications. Place is easy to find. Parking is available in designated areas for private events. Check with your hotel for complimentary car ride to or from the Starfire golf course.
4	Fun course. My dad doesn't hit his drives very far any more so he really loves this track. Plus he is really accurate around greens which I struggle with so the two of us can still have a decent battle at Starfire. King is my favorite (except for #3... so tough). The staff are all very friendly. And I love how the course is centrally located.
