3	I was in desperate need of a massage, due to tremendous knots in my back and neck from stress.  I was in a moderate amount of pain, and it was becoming more and more uncomfortable for me.  I normally don't get massages because A) I don't normally need them, and B) thier expensive.  Its more of an occasional treat for me.  This was neccessary due to the pain that I was in and it wouldn't go away on its own.I came here because they have multiple locations throughout the valley, have long hours and and I am familiar with who they are.  I called Friday afternoon and made an appt for Friday evening. I was thrilled with the fact that I was able to get something quick, as I didn't want  to wait 2 or 3 days for an appt....I wanted one today, which I was able to get.  The downside was, I found the phone conversation awkward with the guy that took my call and appt.  I had some general questions, and even though he was polite, I found it to be awkward.Anyways, I got to the appt early as instructed and filled out some paperwork.  The staff were helpful, polite and nice.  They tried to sell me thier $49 a month massage membership a few times, but were really not aggressive about it, which I appriciate. I don't want to be a member and pay prices for something that I don't need/want/use all that often.Anyways, the massage was great!  Logan gave me a really great rub down and worked out all the kinks on my back, neck and shoulders.  The kid really seems to know what he was doing.  I would see him again if I came back to this specific location, and it was worth what I paid.  I can now move in comfort, and not wake up with back spasms and serious cramps like I have been for the past few weeks.In the end, I had a good experience.  The Pros: Great hours, multiple locations, with a variety of massages to help you with whatever your ailing from.  The cons: after the first visit the price of a massage skyrockets if you dont join thier club.I would gladly come here again,  and had an overall great experience.  The fact that I can move again comfortably speaks volumes!
4	I'm a bit surprised at the mediocre or lower reviews for this location...I started at the Tempe Marketplace location, where my boyfriend and I became "members." We were offered a great deal to sign up, so I figured why not! I was so thoroughly disappointed after the third visit there (on my third different masseuse, my boyfriend on his third as well - even he was disappointed and he's not a complainer at all), that I tried THIS particular location.**I know this review sounds perverse, but it's not meant to be! It's a plain massage, so get your minds out of the gutter!**AND BOY AM I GLAD I DID! I found an amazing massage therapist (Stephanie, I think?). She listens, is nice without being fake about it, does deep tissue and relaxation when I want, and is quite amazing at both. She follows requests immediately and is always spot-on... and, she also has learned what I want. I used to have to tell her "oh, a little bit harder... a little more lotion, I'm getting friction there" and by visit three, she had already figured out what I prefer, and I have yet to have to ask again. She asks me how it's going at regular intervals (not every two minutes, but also not once in a visit). It's great. I always book with her, even though her hours are inconvenient with my work schedule.My boyfriend and I go together, and (since I insist on booking with Stephanie) he always seems to end up with a different girl. The only time he was let down was kind of a "oh, I dunno, it was OK." So, he's seen quite a few of the masseuses there and has always been happy - a far cry from Tempe Marketplace!The one time I was disappointed (I won't go into detail), it was really a combination of things and I was pretty unhappy. I filled out the survey they e-mail to you (as I had for every previous massage), and I let out a piece of my mind. I was absolutely shocked - this place had been amazing for many visits, and out of the blue I had a visit that was one issue after another. Within 24 hours, the manager called. She was very nice, conversational, apologetic, seemed genuinely concerned. She comped both me and my boyfriend's massages that day (though he didn't complain), and she credited our account with a free massage each in addition.One last con... I'm 24 and female. Obviously, I would like a massage from an attractive 20-something guy. Shallow, I know... but I don't spend money frivolously - this is a treat and I want the full experience just once! My boyfriend and I are always in the couples room, and he always gets a young, pretty female masseuse. So, for a fifth star, just for one single massage, GET ME A SEXY GUY TO RUB ME DOWN! Then, I will return to Stephanie and be fully content. I know most massage therapists are female, but there has to be an attractive male one out there. Massage Envy needs to find him and snap him up. I don't even care if he'd be more interested in rubbing down my boyfriend. Come on, just for one visit!If it weren't for my lingering annoyance with my singular not-so-spectacular visit, I would have given this place 6 stars if I could have. But, alas, I'm not very forgiving... so in another two or three visits, they may be securely seated back in my good graces, at which point they will get a full 5 stars.- Jessica
5	So I signed up with Massage Envy several months ago and I've been to a few of their different locations but I seem to like this one the most.I've never had the same massage therapist twice but after my most recent experience with Kelly (cute girl too) I'll be sure to schedule my massage only when she's available.  I went in for a deep tissue full body massage and she was very professional and exceeded my expectations.  It's important that I stress how good she is,  every massage therapist has their own technique... you can literally get 10 different deep tissue massages from 10 different massage therapists so you need to find one you like, and you'll know when you do.  It was truly a great way to start my weekend.I hate when people mock me for going to massage envy like it's a cheap or crappy place to go for a massage... I mean come on, really??  It all depends on the the massage therapist, not the price or establishment!  I'm a paying member, monthly dues are roughly $50 and that gets you 1 massage a month... however if you don't use it, it will rollover into the next month.  For a 1 hour massage people generally tip $10-20 however I tipped Kelly $25 for doing such an excellent job.
4	I used to go here and get a monthly massage with Dan. I like deep tissue and he does a fenominal job. I just couldn't afford the monthly membership anymore, as it gets pricy and forget about regular prices.
5	It is hard to review a massage location because it all depends on the masseuse. I have gone through 8 different therapists at this location and they were all very good. Each one has a slightly different style, and you have to find what you like and communicate with them. I have finally found a masseuse that suits me perfectly and I will be booking with her from now on! I have been a member of massage envy for 10 months now, my home location is in Gilbert but I Like this one much better. The front desk staff is friendly and helpful and the location is clean and restful. There is nothing ostentatious about massage envy, small rooms with no decor, but that's not what I go there for. The massages are great, relaxing and wonderful stress relievers. This location has not let me down yet!
3	Not a bad massage.  Yep, it's a corporate massage mill place, but we got the "first time" price of $39 (I think).  That's not a bad price.  But the up-sell when you're checking out is aggressive and sort of ruins your tranquil state of mind.  They REALLY want you to come back in two weeks and you simply must buy a membership at $59 a month.  I have no interest in that as I can always find massage deals at much better prices than Massage Envy.  But expect an aggressive sales pitch when you're trying to pay your bill.
2	I have been to another Massage Envy location but wanted to try this one because it was closer. My other experiences have been fine--nothing crazy special but just what you would expect at a massage chain. I booked a same-day appointment after I woke up with a particularly painful spot. I went in about 10 minutes early to my appointment to find out that my masseuse had called in sick. They did not call me to let me know. And they could not accommodate my appointment with another masseuse. So I left my scheduled appointment with no massage. Kind of the point of going to a chain massage place is that they have a lot more staff available and are able to work like a factory line. Lesson learned for me.
5	One of the best in town
1	I signed online to schedule an appt. 3 days prior and received an email showing they received my request for a 2 hour massage and facial. I never received a phone call confirmation on the time, so I called the morning of my massage and was told they received my request but no one scheduled my appt. No one even called to tell me the person who does facials was not even working that day.  If they had just simply called me I would have tried to work something out. I've been a member of Massage Envy for a couple years now and have tried multiple locations trying to find a professional establishment of theirs with really no success. I've come to the realization that I have settled for business that is unacceptable for today's standards and I'm going to cancel my membership and take myself, my family and my friends business also to another facility. I suggest you all do the same!
1	I decided to return to this location partly because the Massage Envy on Chandler Blvd. is closed for renovations this week.I called two days ago to inquire about the availability for Thursday night, looking for a female therapist who specializes in relaxation massages. I am assigned Carmen.At about 6:10 as I'm the only one left in the waiting relaxation room, David approaches and takes me back and provides deep tissue.When I check out, I ask, wasn't I assigned to Carmen?? The receptionist looks up my record and asks, have you had Carmen before or did you specifically request her? If not, you were probably transferred to a different therapist.I told her that I requested a female therapist with light/relaxation mode, but because I didn't specifically request Carmen the place shuffled me to someone with a different approach? This is no complaint about David. If you want deep tissue, book him. But it's been a tough week and I went out of my way to book a massage with someone who would put me to sleep.
1	Thanks for the reply. I provided direct feedback through the Massage Envy survey six days ago.
2	This is certainly an organization that prefers to garner your money via trickery and fine print while they could just as well earn it, along with your respect, with their massages.  I had two very good quality massages but paid over $300 for them.  Within days of an arbitrary deadline my "membership" "expired.  Gone were the two, what I'm sure would have been, very good massages that I thought were coming to me.  While my business sense tells me it would have been smarter to for them to keep a client for the long term, Massage Envy Dobson chose instead to take that short term profit from the technicality.  Given two chances to "unexpire" my membership and maintain this otherwise satisfied customer,  they have lost me for good.  Profiting from those "membership dues" , unclaimed monthly massages, must make better business sense to Massage Envy than simply offering a quality product for a fair price. If you buy into their program, expect to play into their bet that you too will enjoy some very high priced services. Expect no due process nor leniency.
5	I'm updating my original review after finally speaking with the management. My original assessment of Jackie semanis unchanged; tremendous. I want to thank the management for accomodating my issue.
3	I had a positive experience with management after a confusing communication issue with the front desk. I want to vouch for the quality of the therapists and the understanding management at this establishment. Would definitely recommend to someone looking for a regular membership and quality service.
1	I will NEVER go to this Massage Envy again! I made special arraignments to leave work early and get there on time. I was in so much pain! All I wanted and looked forward to was a massage. I had injured my back the week before. Once I got there the masseuse was rude to me. And when I told her I took a small muscle relaxer more 14 hours earlier she refused to massage me! I asked the manager and she said it was no problem, but the masseuse still refused. I left angry, in pain, and totally upset that I wouldn't get any relief.
