5	This place has to be yelped!   For yelping foodies with a passion for photography, Wayne and Geri Kodey are your go to experts -- first they're tops in town in terms of photography...but as foodies, they've defintely earned their stripes in my book!  I've only seen them put their cameras down for three things -- a great meal, a great motorcycle ride -- and Bluebell, their dog. If you're in the market for photographic equipment, advice, lessons -- whatever -- go to Caseys...p.s. the best pictures of "me" -- our vizsla actually, (see my profile) -- were taken by Geri!  He only poses like that for her --
1	People here are extremely rude, and snobby. I get that they're huge know-it-all's and all, but that's no reason to talk down upon your customers. I go in there asking a simple question, "do you guys sell matte boards? I'm trying to get some matte boards for this gallery I'm gonna have on First Friday" what do I get? Some snobby, aragent , asshole complaining to me about how he never aconplshed anything promoting his shitty HDR photographs at First Friday. Seriously? Why are you telling me this?! I just want to buy a friggin Matte board!!! Then he goes on with his coniving rant, while attempting to make me feel inferior to him. Looking at me like im some kind of idiot. Extremely rude, horrible customer service. I know these guys are experts when it comes to photography, but on a human level of respect they fall to the deepest end. Never again! I'll order my stuff online, thank you.
5	So I thought that the couple of good reviews might have been "padded" by employees or possibly from customers who purchased big ticket items that received excellent service.  I was concerned about the one negative review since I already have the camera and most lenses prompting my visit to the store merely for some accessories and advice.  The staff was exceptionally helpful.  A man named Carl helped me buy a few filters and a cleaning kit.  He also gave me a quick overview on camera set up and a few pointers on shooting pictures of my baby boy.  I will be back as my skills improve and my need for equipment grows.  There were three guys who were all helpful, knowledgable, and very nice.
5	I've been to Casey's before, either to pick up various accessories or drop off B&W film for processing. I recently decided to get into home developing so I went over to get properly kitted out.Here's where it gets good. First off, Casey's didn't have everything I needed. That's too bad. But the salesman (whose name I didn't catch, unfortunately) was upfront and honest, talked me out of some things I didn't need, and helped me put together a great darkroom starter kit that only ran me about sixty bucks. At no time did I feel rushed, hassled, or unimportant--and after comparing prices on Amazon, I only paid about five bucks more than I would have by ordering online.These guys love cameras and it shows. Give them your business. You won't be sorry.
4	Went there to purchase some accessories for my Canon T2i. Several things were out of stock. Some of it was due to the earthquake that recently hit Japan. The salesperson was patient and answered all my questions. I admitted to being new to the hobby and wasn't treated any different unlike some other Yelpers have mentioned. Perhaps I was just lucky?
1	Customer service is somewhat lacking and prices are inflated. Casey's seems to not value a regular as I would expect. They were unwilling to go the extra step to make a customer happy, one who has spent thousands of dollars in their establishment. Earlier today, i tried purchasing an item that rang up at $169 instead of the $149 it was marked at. Their excuse was, "Oh, we must have priced it wrong." I asked to purchase the bag at the marked price and they refused. I asked politely if they would check with the owner/manager to which they also refused. I think I'll take my business and my friends to B&C, where Joe is willing to make customers happy. I left Casey's today feeling like my business was worthless to them.
3	I was next door at Pinball so I dropped in to get some film. It's been a while since I've picked up my Holgas, Lomos, Dianas, etc and it's not like I can get the film just anywhere. Prices are a bit inflated compared to other camera stores in town I've popped into for what I bought. I didn't look at traditional camera products, but I saw they had some lomo cameras so I wanted to see their pricing. Those at least weren't too unfairly priced, most were at retail. The guy who helped me was nice, but a bit spacy. It's not a bad stop for camera needs, but it's not a preferred spot for me.
4	I have been to Casey's Cameras twice now. The first time I was just messing around looking at lenses. This time I went in on a mission. They had an incredible deal on Manfrotto Tripods. The guys here are very friendly and helpful. While two guys were figuring out how to give me my tripod rebate another younger guy helped me with a few small items I was looking for. He gave me some useful tips as well. The two guys working on my rebate got into a bit of a verbal tiff. Nothing that really bugged me, but still a little unprofessional and worth mentioning. You'd think a camera store would be more concerned with their image.. (See what I did there?) To be fair, I'm pretty sure only one guy was a Casey's Camera employee. I think the other guy worked for Manfrotto directly. That was all pretty minor, so I'm not letting it affect the review by much. They both cropped it and were super nice and friendly to me. Nothing too negative. Plus, I saved bank on my tripod. It's nice (and extremely rare) that you can get personal service, and still beat Amazon's prices. If that were always the case, I'd never order online again. I shutter to think of a world without local shops like these. I hate when I say the following in my reviews, but sometimes it's true. If I could give this place 4 and a half stars, I would. Maybe if I deal with them more in the future, I can give them an update with hopefully a 5 star rating. As it is, they are pretty close. If you appreciate personal service and want to support a local business, I'd definitely check out Casey's Cameras. Both my visits here were near picture perfect, and I was in and out with my shiny new tripod in a flash. This place deserves a bit of exposure, so I was happy to write a review. You might even develop a great relationship with them. Ok I'm done, I promise!
4	If you are in Vegas or live here and need camera equipment or supplies, Casey's will have it for you.  It's a bit off of the strip and the neighborhood is run down, but it's all good at Casey's.  They are very helpful.We were vacationing in town and I realized I didn't have my cable to attach my Nikon to the Mac, so off to Casey's we went.  They took care of me in minutes and even made recommendations to save me money.  Can't say no to that.So now we are at the Vegas house, we tend to pop in and see what they have on special or just to check it out.
5	The only Real Camera store left in town. They have everything from low to high end photo gear. The staff has years on photographic knowledge between all of them. It's better to buy local and pay the sales tax instead of online. If you check their prices they sell their products at MAP prices. When you buy local you can talk to real sales people and touch the product... I love my New D7000.... thank you Caseys.....
4	They have all my camera needs. The staff is always helpful and knowledgable. There are only so many camera stores in Vegas and this is one of the last authentic places that still exists. The staff is mostly comprised of older individuals and it's always a trip when I go there. The last time I went in, some customers and the staff were having a "I'm so old I can remember" contest. This totally made my day. In all seriousness, I would direct anyone who needed camera stuff here, rather than Best Buy or Fry's or something.
4	This is a really good camera store. I generally buy most of my equipment on amazon but I was in a pinch and went to this store for the first time and was surprised. I recently purchased a camera tripod dolly on Amazon for $59.00 waited a week for it to get here and when I went into this store they had the exact same dolly for the exact same price. They also have a really good selection of tripods and in addition to other gear you simply won't find at Frys, Best Buy or other camera stores.
5	Good store!  I've been a customer many many times over the years.  Good photography stores are becoming few and far between.  It can get very busy here so relax and take a chill pill.  Owner Wayne is a most knowledgeable and laid back propriorator.  I can recommend Casey's Camera.
3	While on a pitstop in Vegas, went to the store to look for a panorama head. Unfortunately they had none in the stock, but Steve was very helpful and  provided me information where to get one quickly. I also received good tips for photo locations, very helpful for a foreigner. A+ for customer service!
1	My big thing coming to places like this is service. I liked it better when it was Casey's camera over B&C now. The staff was very rude and disrespectful to me that I'm skeptical about going back, I'm willing to give it another go some time in the future, but for now their service is horrible. I'd rather shop online then go to their shop and give them business.I also won't rent gear through them through Borrowlenses.com anymore because of their staff. They've lost gear after I returned it and was signed off on it, but the company never received it and nearly charged me for the missing equipment.I'd avoid this place for now, until they learn the appreciation of customer service.
2	I went in today to look for some modifiers for my Nikon Speedlight. The salesperson who assisted me was polite enough, but didn't really ask any questions to help me find what I was looking for, just walked me to the racks with the equipment and then walked back to the counter. (BTW, there was only one other customer in the store at this time and he was talking to another salesperson.) I looked around a bit, and actually did find what I was looking for. I took my item to the counter (to the same guy who showed me the racks), and I happened to ask what their return policy was."No returns unless the item is defective."That threw me off, and I'm really glad I asked. I can't believe that in 2013 any store would have an absolute "no returns" policy, especially with the type of items they sell. I said something about needing to wait, then, because i wasn't sure the item was going to do what I needed it to do. Apparently that indicated to the salesman that I was no longer a customer, because without another word he went back to what he was doing before I walked up.Compounded with the limited selection available in this store, I don't think I'll be returning. I'm now on the hunt for a more professional operation.
1	I wanted to buy a camera but they refused to put a battery in the camera so I could check out the camera before buying.
3	The staff was polite and attentive. But the woman knew absolutely nothing about film. Not just film in general, but not even the film they carry. I know that many people have lost interest in film. But for those of us still using it, we usually have a good handle on what we need, and if we ask questions, they're simple ones. I asked for the best 120mm film to push. I just got a blank stare. I had an idea from my experience, but was looking for a recommendation. If you don't know anything about the film that you carry, maybe consider not carrying any film at all. Furthermore, the film selection was quite limited. Maybe your digital camera experience would be better here. Skip it if you shoot film, I'd say.
1	Horrible customer service. Wouldn't return an item 2 minutes after it was purchased. Was sold an incorrect replacement piece, then told all sales were final when I walked back in from the parking lot. I hope this $50 mistake helps someone else.
1	went here to buy a camera, the employee named Tony, was a complete a-hole. very condescending. treated and talked to us as if we were trash. i will NEVER go here again.  just because we are not professional photographers does not mean we don't deserve to be treated with respect.
2	5D Mark two was given to Jeff for minor thumb stick repairs. when I got the camera back it was completely filthy on the inside through the viewfinder and now I can't find the time to drive all way back across town to meet his hours of Monday through Wednesday to have him fix his mistake. And of course technicians are independent at each BC. so I'm stuck with a internally filthy camera. The repairs were done accurately though and insurance covered the bill. $200 for joystick repair and sensor cleaning.
5	I recently attended a class held by B&C (Tropicana location) on how to light portraits using Nikons and only off camera set ups. For the amount of money the company charged I was pleasantly surprised and blown away with what they offered. I'm a Canon user, but the Nikon expert (Paul Van Allen) explained everything in a way anyone could understand. Plus two beautiful, and endlessly patient, models posed for everyone in front of affordable off camera set ups that anyone can assemble in their home.If B&C holds future classes in the same professional and easy-to-understand manner, I will definitely continue to attend.
1	To think I was going to buy a new pan head,  I open the box and the product is used! Scratches and paint rubbed off on some areas. I was going to return it for an exchange, but ALL SALES FINAL. Good thing I bought something cheap.. Never coming back here ever again.
5	Marcy helped my shooter and I look for ND filters. We were on a time crunch and she helped us find a solution to every possible problem. She even called other locations and found different ways for us to get our proper filter with step ups. She is by far the MOST knowledgable and kind associate that has worked at this location. We need more people like Marcy working at these locations. Heather Aradas
