5	Natural Blendz makes excellent fresh juices and smoothies. Love 'em. We go here whenever we're in the neighborhood.
5	Wow! I'm shocked more people have either not been here or have not written reviews! Maybe it's the location.....very easy to miss and on Monroe road going towards Matthews. If you are into healthy eats and delicious juices and smoothies this is for you. Plus they have a wonderful list of salads not the same old ones you see on every other menu. I came after close...only a few minutes...but the lady worker unlocked the door for me. She explained the menu and made suggestions, very kind and patient. The smoothies I chose had kale and spinach and I couldn't even taste it. Delicious! I can't wait to come back here and I will tomorrow since it's on my way back from the gym. A happy find for me because there is nothing like it around that area which I happen to live near.
5	Love this place. In an 'almost miss it' spot, but so worth the u-turn if you happen to drive by it. My Doula suggested I try the Kale Mint, but I got there too let and they'd already started breaking down the juicer. I got a Smooth Greens smoothie instead & OMG... It was yummy. It was my first vegetable smoothie: spinach, kale, bananas & coconut milk. I can't wait to go back. The owners are nice & the energy in the place is cool!
5	Juice is probably what jumps off the page when you walk in, but don't sleep on the chicken salad... Kale Mint is a good first try.
5	This place is absolutely awesome!!  You feel healthy for just being in there!The location is not optimal but it is worth making your way there.They offer all types of juicing options and very creative/healthy smoothies.  They must have had around 30 smoothie options!  The owners developed these specific combinations so altering them is not an option...take it for what it is and you won't be disappointed.   You can also get a salad and those sounded scrumptious as well!I tried the "smooth greens" smoothie.  It had spinach, kale, coconut milk and banana in it.  It sounds gross, I know...but it was amazing!!  I had to get past the fact it was green but it was so tasty that I had no problem sucking it down!This is a grrrreat place for health nuts, wannabe health nuts, sometimes health nuts, people on a health kick, or just the average blob.  Either way, you can't go wrong.  You can find something to enjoy with zero guilt.  Gotta love that!!  Go Go Go!!  I want to support this place as much as possible!!  The owners spent three years concocting these flavor combinations before opening this shop!  This is not a franchise so I hope we can support them!!  They have a great thing going on!!
5	Delightful! Been a customer for over a year now...happened to notice it by chance driving by. Tried 60% of items on the menu, and there are a lot. Live close by and so when jogging or cycling through the neighborhood, LOVE that I can just stop by here and get a freshly made juice and not have to go home and deal with my own juicer :)
5	Finding a raw juice bar isn't exactly an easy thing to do in Charlotte. Especially if you're not into making it yourself. Natural Blendz is tucked away off of Monroe Rd in a small shopping center with a few other unsuspecting businesses. The shop is small and quaint with a few small tables. I really dig the chairs. Galvanized steel and they are heavy as hell! There are some shelves with health food items ranging from dried veggies, fruits, chips and even popcorn. Onto the juice. We ordered a grapeberry and a kale mint. The kale mint is divine. Perfect balance of apple and kale with just enough of a kiss of mint to be refreshing. The problem with kale is that it can be pretty bland. Their recipe really takes away the stink of the kale. Much appreciated. The grapeberry was perky, bitter, sweet and had a subtle strawberry flavor. It really grows on you sip after sip. The color is brilliant pink, too. Very odd color for juice, but interesting. These guys also do smoothies and salads! If you're doing a juice fast or just really enjoy a healthy snack, these guys do it right. Thanks, NB! Cheers.
4	Very nice smoothie indeed!
5	Kudos to the Yelp newsletter for featuring this little gem, tucked away in Matthews. I had no idea there was a juice bar so close to my house... I wish I had known about them sooner. But no time-a-wastin' now. I've been here three times in a week and am taking my husband here this week for a lunch date.I've gotten something different every time (so many juice & smoothie options to choose from, I wonder how long it will take me to try them all!). If you've never tried juicing before, ask the super friendly staff for a recommendation. Be forewarned that some of the juices are a questionable color, but they juice all the fruits & veggies right in front of you, so you know exactly what you're getting and you'll just have to get past the color so you can enjoy all the health benefits of freshly-pressed juice.If you're looking for something more substantial, the food options are not be overlooked either - from the salads to soups to the chicken wrap - all delicious!Oh, and get this - they rent juicers! If you want to try juicing at home, ask for the details on that. I'm going to give it a try very soon.Next time you're in the area and craving something fresh & healthy from a local business, be sure to visit Natural Blendz! And be on the lookout for me, as there's a good chance I'm there trying out a new juice.
5	I'm a regular. I've been buying juices and smoothes from this place ever since they open their doors in my neighborhood. We usually get Kale Mint with Zing juice and Blue Mango smoothie! Today, however, I tried their soup Thai Chicken Curry....yummy! They have an upcoming promotion event on Thursday, January 24th, where you'll be able to sample variety of soups, salads, wraps and deserts, juices and smoothies of course too. I will not miss this opportunity! Healthy food + friendly and knowledgable staff....this is my kind of place!
5	Real fresh  i say real fresh  !!  I found here and very good flavor .I try kale and  veggie wrap. I will travel 20 minutos again to get my raw juice
5	I love juice, especially the green kind. Natural Blendz is a wonderful concept that is being executed well in south Charlotte.First off, they have an extensive menu of juices, smoothies and sandwiches from which to choose. I've only partaken of the juices, and all the ones I've tried have been fabulous. Personal favorites are the "Cool Beets" and "Kale Mint." There are some packaged health foods available, as well as some bottled juices to take on the go.It's not a quick process, as they juice to order. But the final product is worth it. I wish more people would stop by and partake of the juicy goodness that is Natural Blendz. One more thing, I think they have a loyalty card situation happening. Closed on Sundays, but I can appreciate that.All in all, this place is worth checking out. Even if you're not an avid juicer, there's something for everyone.
5	I wish I had a Natural Blendz near me! Best smoothie ever. Friendly staff, great concoctions. Love it!
5	So, I have never tried juice (other than the usual) like this before. Instead of my normal thin bagel or energy bar for breakfast, I thought I would try something with less carbs and that potentially is healthy. I stopped by Natural Blendz this morning and was amazed by all of the choices. The server behind the counter was very helpful as she could probably see on my face "uhhhhh..." and suggested the Kale Mint. I saw other reviews that this was a good choice. I'm going to be honest, seeing something green in a cup does not come off as "this is going to taste good", but it did. I am going to try to fit them in more as my morning choice of meal and try some of the other juices as well as the mixed berry wrap.
5	My husband and I LOVE Natural Blendz. They are so consistent with making their wraps you always know what to expect. And everything is so fresh! We've had the smoothies and soups too. If you want to eat whole foods this is the place for you.
5	They have fantastic smoothies and their food is good too! Do yourself a favor and stop going to other national smoothie places and go to our local joint. You'll thank me .
5	Note:  These guys are slowly switching to cold-pressed juice (important for nutrient retention and flavor!) so the 5 stars is for when they do make the switch, because everything else is ROCKIN'! Full disclosure, Luna's cold-pressed vegetable and veggie/fruit juices are my jam.  Since drinking them on a regular basis, I haven't gotten sick, and have seen a huge boost in energy. My husband and I find a juice bar whenever we're in a new city.  But when I found myself in the Monroe Road area over the weekend and needed a juice boost, I stopped in and was pleasantly surprised. The folks who run the shop are super kind and helpful, and you can tell they really want you to have a great experience.  The woman behind the counter asked me questions to figure out which juice was right for me.  The kale and cucumber ginger juice was potent and fresh, and made right before my eyes.  Well done. HOWEVER.  It was the fruit iced tea that blew me away.  This isn't just iced tea infused with somekind of flavor.  This is black tea, mixed with real, pureed fruit.  In my guava iced tea, there were sprigs of rosemary, and chunks of fresh pineapple! This was beyond delicious and refreshing, and I wish I got the large size.  Note: They use agave to sweeten here, but since I'm an unsweetened iced tea kinda gal, they can omit it no problem since it's made fresh to order. Can't wait to try some more juices/iced tea the next time I'm in the hood!
5	The Natural Blendz get Acai smoothies and  new flavors. My favor place to get  raw juice
5	Outstanding Asian wrap, lentil soup, and pear-cucumber-raspberry juice, plus extremely friendly service and clean, snazzy interior.
5	Today was my first time (of MANY more to come) to experience Natural Blendz. I found the staff very welcoming. Recommend the Kale,Carrot, Strawberry & Banana smoothie!! It's not close to work but it's worth the trip!
5	I come here thinking this is my own little secret gem! I only found out about Natural Blendz through a friend, and I haven't heard of another raw juice bar around, so this is the place to be! I've tried to do the juice thing myself, but am not really good at making it so Natural Blendz is perfect for a fresh, all natural juice you don't have to make yourself. You can tell the owners have spent a lot of time figuring out the flavors and getting every (all natural) juice just right.They also have a pretty lengthy smoothie menu- my go-to at Natural Blendz is Smooth Greens (kale, spinach, and banana with coconut milk smoothie). It has such a great flavor and it is packed with nutrients. The salads and wraps here hit the spot for lunch! The raspberry chicken salad with raspberry vinegar is amazing. The chipotle chicken wrap is really good also! Again, everything they make is fresh, organic and healthy- they make healthy food taste awesome!Since every item is made fresh to order, you wait a little longer than a fast-food place, but it is not very long and it is worth it! If you need a run-in-run-out order, you can call ahead and come in to pick up your order.
3	The smoothie was great but the wrap was bad. The service was slow and seemed very confused.
4	I love the smooth green smoothie!!! It's really tasty and healthy!!! It's made with fresh ingredients right in front of you and you can opt out the agave syrup if you want it to.  The wraps are pretty good too ! I had tried the asian and chipotle chicken, both were great and really filling. You are what you eat ! Eating good and feel good ! They also have some organic ,gluten free snacks too! I like the coconut chia seed bar ! It has 1000 mg of omega 3 ! However the seating is limited , and the wait could take about 5-10 minutes but it's totally worth it !!!
