3	Eat, drink and watch the game of your choice in an upscale setting without moving your head or having to make eye contact with those at your table. It's brilliant, really. In my seat at Fox Sports Grill in Glendale's Westgate complex I had a view of 8 different TVs.  While it's smaller than the Scottsdale sister location, it's still rather spacious with four elevated dining areas overlooking the main bar and giant TV screen.  But it doesn't have the billiards, putting green or cigar lounge like its crosstown sister.Your standard pub fare was average at best.  Nachos with colorful chips and grilled chicken and hot wings were ok-tasting. My chipotle pulled pork sandwich was intensely spicy, almost too much to the point where I stopped eating it.  And that's a rare moment. Our server was kind of a space cadet.  He came to take our order and upon hearing the first person's order of hot wings he took off without hearing the rest of our orders and the fact that we wanted it ALL to come out at once.  We didn't see him for another five minutes so we could then complete our order.If you're looking for something discerning on tap here, you're going to be at a loss.  Sam Adams and Blue Moon Hef is as exotic as it gets.Setting - 4 starsService - 2 starsFood - 2.5 starsThe crowd here is visibly different - think local girls/guys on dates, tables full of teens, families, groups of 30-something bachelor dudes and of course, your snowbird tourists. No cougars on the prowl here, and that was on a Saturday night at 10 pm.Damn, I really wanted to see some cougar prowling.  And back toward Scottsdale we went.
4	After getting 45 min to 1-hour wait times at Sandbar, Margaritaville, and Yard House (we had a movie to make), we decided to hit up this place and hit jackpot - only a 15 minute wait, spent comfortably at the very cool fiber-optic-like bar (seriously, it's way cool!), sipping cocktails that weren't a huge rip-off and watching The Game on a FRIGGIN HUGE screen. I secretly coveted that screen for my living room, even if it meant getting rid of everything else. Our server was great, friendly, and quick. Their staff was on the ball; no one was standing around or looked like they'd rather be somewhere else. I ordered the bleu cheese burger with wedge salad (yeah, I like stinky cheese, wanna fight?) and the hub ordered prime rib dip. He said it was pretty good (which from him means, it's great) and my burger was incredible, cooked perfectly to order. The dressing on the salad was a little watery, more like ranch with bleu cheese thrown in, but edible. The lettuce was really fresh. We were in a hurry, so I asked for our bill when our meals came, and surprisingly, it came within a couple of minutes. The server was our hero; we made our movie, just at the opening credits. Only caveat... is anyone on staff checking the bathrooms? Paper products eventually do need refills. It's clean, otherwise. Two enthusiastic thumbs up. It doesn't have the fun and games that the Scottsdale location has, but the service is excellent and the food is good. Plus the giant frickin screen that, one day, will be MINE. MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAA........
4	I've been to this Fox Sports Grill several times. Usually before a concert at jobing.com arena right next door. The people are much nicer than at the Scottsdale location! It's a great spot to go watch a Suns game too. We even went the night before the Super Bowl and only had a 10 min wait, that was pretty amazing.  I would recommend their apps if you need something quick. They have good burgers and salads as well. And as Gretchen L mentioned the fiber-optic-like bar is way cool, you may be distracted enough to forget what your drink order was going to be! The huge screen is amazing- it's like a smaller version of a movie screen.
4	I love fake boobs and I love rich old dudes and I REALLY LOVE out of control Scottsdaleness, so the Fox Sports Grill is pretty much like Disneyland for me. Go for the cougars, stay for the Sunday Bloody Mary Bar. Good times for all.I'm not being sarcastic.
4	You might think with a name like Fox Sports Grill the place would be more like a ESPN zone/ Dave n busters type place with tons of TVs and a super casual environment. This place is not like that as much! It is on the fancier side, with not a whole lot of table seating area. However, the bars is huge and the do have a nice selection of TVs. If there is a concert at jobing.com this place will become PACKED! Go before the concert gets out! I have only eaten here once but it was delicious. I really wanted a burger. I came to the right place! I ordered the Hickory Smoked BBQ Bacon Cheddar Cheese Burger, which is just as it sounds. Burger, Bacon, Cheddar, BBQ sauce, and onion strips things.( which were a nice crunchy contrast). After I ordered that my friend and I spotted an dish being carried by that caught our attention. We asked our server what it was. We ordered the appetizer called the BBQ chicken nachos. Yum.  It had  tortilla chips with smoked BBQ chicken, pepper jack cheese, sour cream, jalapenos,pico and BBQ sauce. Is your mouth watering yet? It was amazing! So tasty!I then had my burger which was exactly what I wanted and crazed. plenty of bacon, cheese and sauce. The only thing I could have used more of were the onion strips, but not that big of deal. Had a couple more beers (just Coors lights) and got the tab. Yea, on the pricier side, but I don't mind paying more if the food is actually food and filling. I had to then take a breather outside because of the massive amounts of food that was consumed. Worth it! I would do the same thing again! Overall, nice place, not as cheap as a red robin type place, but also way better! Check it out if you go eat in Westgate.
3	Why, oh why, the three stars?  Simply because it doesn't fit its name I suppose.  When I visit a Sports Grill I expect bar food...appetizers like friend mozzerella and wings, not calamari and filet mignon chili.  Really, would you trust calamari from a sports grill?Now that I've got that out there... I like it.  The atmosphere is nice.  I like the set up with the cozy tables, the activity of the televisions and the other patrons that gives a subtle background noise but doesn't distract from your own evening.  I guess I don't look around that much any more since I haven't noticed the other patrons...which seem to be a focus of other reviews.The service is decent; nothing overly impressive but you won't die of thirst.  The cleanliness/decor is nice.  The food is tasty, just not what you'd expect from a bar and grill.
1	This place left a bad taste in my mouth. We made the mistake of going on father's day with my best friend's dad (his choice). The place was nearly empty and it still took almost an hour to get our food. We had to ask management if we'd been forgotten. The group that came in after us were served well before us, even though I'm pretty sure they put their order in a few minutes after ours.I ordered BBQ chicken nachos, thinking they would be nachos with barbecued chicken. That makes sense, right? I got chicken on top of chips covered in BBQ sauce. It's my fault. I come from a place where barbecue is a method, not necessarily a flavor. Minus a star for the bad food.Minus two stars for the terrible service.And minus a star for being Fox. Sorry, that's how I roll.
2	Unless this restaurant figures out how to handle the post game crowds, some crazy fan, high on their own testoserone is going to go ape shit over the lengthy, hostess-quoted wait times.  They're going to get extra pissed off when they have to wait even longer to get service.  And unless they get the girl I got tonite, it's all downhill after the wait.Their lack of a system for the celebratory masses (luckily the Cards won today), sets the waitstaff up for shitty tips.  My server had mercy on me and told me what to order if I wanted to eat right away.  That left me ordering the Filet Mignon Chili and caesar salad combo.  And my 2nd choice beer that I guessed they have, Sam Adams.  They didn't have my beloved Newcastle. Now the chili was good, but the idea of having filet mignon meat is all marketing goodness.  Like I could taste the difference???  My filet mignon should be mooing in front of me after having been broiled to a medium rare perfection, not bobbing around in a bowl of tomatoes and other crap.My friend ordered the Buffalo Nachos, which we found both strange and strangely good.  And evenly though it was a plate piled high with chips, the cheese and everything else seemed thrown together, like the chefs said, we can get away with this one cuz who actually makes neat nachos.I dole out the 3 stars for our server who gave us her best "this is the best I can do".  I guess it was better than absolute crap.
3	I've been to Fox a few times.  A couple times at this location and once at another location.  The other location (in North Phoenix maybe?) blows this one away in terms of service, and well, pretty much everything else.The food here is okay.  I tend to stick with the bacon cheeseburger here because it is usually pretty decent and it comes with their yummy fries.  They've never really messed up my food here, so that's a good thing.  I haven't had anything that was much of a standout here, but it is solid food.The service on the other hand, is terrible.  The times I have been here, I have been completely ignored after being seated.  I have had to track down a server to get someone to at least take drink orders.  They are usually pretty unattentive too.  It could be worse I guess.  Just never go when there is a crowd, as the servers have no idea how to handle that volume of patrons.  This strikes me as so weird considering they are nearby two major sports venues as well as a movie theatre.  If you are hanging out at Westgate and get hungry at a non-peak eating hour, you should try Fox.  They have a fairly interesting menu and the food is usually pretty good.  Just don't expect stellar service.
2	I love the Fox Sports Grill in Scottsdale.  It is one of my favorite places to do Happy Hour and watch the game when I am up North.  But of all the crappy restaurants at Westgate, this is possibly the worst.  We went a week or so after they opened and it was moderately busy.  Nothing crazy, but busy enough.  Went inside and told the hostess that we'd like to sit outside.  We were seated on the patio and saw a couple waiters roaming around the patio area so we figured that we were good to go.  10 minutes later, I went back inside and told the hostess that we hadn't received any service.  She apologized and told me she would let them know.  5 minutes later, after watching another waiter walk by us, I went back inside and grabbed him and told him we had been waiting.  He told us that we weren't his table and walked off.  We left after that.We tried it again a few months after that.  We sat inside and figured we would have better luck.  While our waiter did actually show up this time, the food took forever and he brought out appetizers and meals at almost the same time.  The food is decent so it gets an extra star for that but with service this bad when the place is slow, I can't imagine what it is like when a football or hockey game is going on.
