5	Molina Fine Jewelers is an experience that could be described with words such as "majestic", "exquisite", "impressive", and even "fantastic", but no verbal description would come close to expressing the unique grandeur of this place.When driving up to the store, the first thing I noticed was the unique architecture of the building.  The second -- a suit-clad gentleman standing by the door at full attention in the heat of day, like one of the Queen's Guards outside Buckingham Palace.  He let me through the first door as I approached, into a small room where the outside door closed and an inside door opened.  In awe of the security of the place, I finally entered the elegant, yet bustling offices of Molina Fine Jewelers.The selection is intricate, unique, and WAY out of my budget -- we're talking multi-MILLION dollar jewelry, such as the 76-carat diamond, The Archduke Joseph.  The front wing of the building, labeled "Boutique", is a wedding boutique which has more accessibly priced inventory and, unlike the rest of the store, does not require an appointment to visit.  The boutique may just be the ultimate place to shop for an engagement ring.I left with a sense of having seen something extraordinary, and with a hope to one day become an eligible client.  Wow... what a place.
5	Ohhh Molina, thank goodness you're here.  I would like to thank Danielle for her outstanding service!!   Molina's may seem intimidating, but take it from me, it's not.  Even from the very beginning, when I went in with my vintage 1920's ring, they have shown amazing quality and care with repairing it.  The reason we didn't get our bands from here was because we were in a money pinch from paying for our wedding which is why we decided to go with another jeweler (BIG MISTAKE)  After the horrible situation we had with the jeweler down the road (look at my other reviews and you'll understand), we became so upset and stressed.    However,  I'm happy to say I no longer feel that way.  Your quality and service goes above and beyond, and our bands are beautiful.  Thank you so much!!
1	This jeweler was voted best of the valley!? I really do not see why. The salespeople are pushy and the selection caters to "grandma"
5	I recently purchased a "gift" for someone here. My experience with the staff was great, Carolina was my sales person and she listened to what I was looking for and helped me find that perfect gift. This isn't a place to window shop so I suggest you come in with money to spend because nothing is Cheap here since everything is hand crafted in-house.
