5	Had these guys come out to fix my bathroom exhaust fan per my home warranty.  They were fast, had the equipment they needed and worked me into their (very likely) busy day.  Fantastic!!
5	they are expensive but did a good job and my house passed the pittsburgh city inspection.  upgraded to 220 amp service and charged $1600 but recommended by coldwell banker ----- i didnt want to pay for each bid estimate ------the estimate fees ranging from $75 - $125  for a bunch of electricians coming out for bids--------i am from out of state and didnt want to get ripped off since i didnt know who was good except checking better business bureau.
1	Didn't pick these guys - my home warranty company American Home Shield did. AHS has a history of sending very poor contractors and this was no exception. These guys were rude and unprofessional (they couldn't even close the door behind them and my cat almost got out several times). I submitted a ticket with three items. They claimed that all they had was one (but managed to check and see the 2nd issue wasn't covered???). They were very obviously looking to do as little work as possible. They were attempting to fix a light which was part of a ceiling fan assembly - in the process of fixing it, they discovered it had a feature that allowed it to operate with a remote control. They refused to fix it so that I could order a remote to operate it. As a new home owner who didn't get a remote when I moved in, how was I supposed to know it was remote control??? They demanded that I produce the remote control if I wanted that portion fixed, and without it they chose to bypass the capability and rip out the remote receiver. They told me if I wanted it fixed I would have to place another service call through the warranty company and pay another $60 deductible. Nice to know this trip cost me $60 and lost functionality of my light/fan.Perhaps they were only operating under the guidelines that AHS sets - AHS is a horrible company to begin with (I'll save that story for another review)- but these guys were very unprofessional and rude in the way they dealt with the entire visit . As a home owner, I wouldn't dream of having them back when the choice is up to me. They also don't accept credit cards, with the repair man pointing out that they are too risky and insinuated that by expecting his company to take my credit card, I was somehow trying to rip him off.
