4	I am not a fast food lover let alone one who likes Burger King.  Especially with the poor service and food from the other locations in the Champaign-Urbana area.  In fact, I have avoided those Burger Kings like the plague for years.  I have on occassion wanted a Whopper Jr. I decided to give this new location a shot.  I went through the drive through and ordered just a Whopper Jr.  The person taking my order was actually nice and I could understand them - wow that is so different!!!  I then proceeded to the window and the person there was also very nice and smiling!!  Then they took my money then handed me my food.  Just like that.  I didn't have to deal with any rude employee (which has always been the case at the other locations) and my food came out quick like a normal fast food drive through should be. I was shocked!  I have never gotten my food that quick at any other Burger King in my life.  Not exaggerating either.  There has always been at least a 10 minute wait for crappy food.The Whopper Jr itself was really good.  The first thing that I noticed was how fresh the ingredients were.  The lettuce was crunchy, the tomato tasted good and the onion wasn't overwhelming.  All in all this was an enjoyable experience.Today, I decided to give it another try.  This time I added a side salad.  Again, the drive through was fast, friendly and stress free.  Again, the ingredients were so fresh.  I totally love the side salad.  The side salad has lettuce, tomato, carrots and cheese and it is the perfect size to go with a Whopper Jr.  The ranch dressing was very good too and all it cost was $3.23.  I don't know if it's because this is such a new facility or what but I actually like this Burger King.  If anything changes I will be sure to post it.  But for now, the only thing that this Burger King and the others have in commin is the name on the building.
3	I love whoppers and this is a new, cool building, however the girl at the counter was the worse. I get it that you don't like your job, but don't take it out on the cusomers.
1	This place should be avoided at all cost. Nearly every time I order through the drive through, they get my order wrong. I get off work in the am thinking I am going to get a double whopper with cheese. Nope . They took my money for it, but when I got home it was a single. Stay away from these rip off artist!!!
