5	The Bronze Bar was fabulous! They listened to what I wanted and what hasn't worked for me in the past, and picked out a color that looks natural and glows. The place was very clean, friendly, and the staff were professional. I will definitely make it my go-to place for getting a uv-free tan!
5	Laura at The Bronze bar gave me such an amazing spray tan that lasted for almost 2 weeks!  She made me feel completely comfortable and spent a lot of time with me going through the process and customizing her services to fit me.  Having had spray tans all over the valley, it is clear that The Bronze Bar is raising the standard!
5	Just got back from the bronze bar and I cannot be more pleased! The results are amazing and I do not look orange or streaky in the least. Laura is very welcoming and makes you feel like you are the only customer (even though she had several appts that day). Too many times I have been to airbrush tanning places that feel rushed and not through but not at the bronze bar! I will definitely will be returning for another sun kissed glow in a few weeks!
5	My spray tan lasted 7 days!
5	Best spray tan ever- Laura is professional, personable, and a perfectionist... three things that are essential when standing unclothed in front of a stranger.  I didn't realize how pasty my skin actually looked before the tan until after Laura finished with her magical mist.  It looks like I just lost five pounds... easiest workout of my life ;)  She even helped me choose a scent to add to the color so I don't smell like Ritz Crackers all night.I can't say yet how long my tan will last, but I know from experience that the length of the tan depends more on my personal habits and whether or not I follow the instructions.  Having previously worked at a med spa that offered a similar service, I am familiar with the product line used at Bronze Bar and can confidently say that it is the best.  You can rest-assured that your customized airbrush tan will be the best you can find and a healthier alternative to traditional cancer-causing UV tans from the sun or a tanning booth.  I love this place!
5	She is amazing, love the color!
5	So glad I found this place!  I was going to another spray tan place right around the corner from my salon which was ok but not consistant on so many levels it was frustrating.  After not being able to get an appointment there I started looking for something close and found The Bronze Bar.  The place is really cute and clean!  Laura, the owner is super professional but also makes you feel right at home.  She is really attentive to detail and I have always been happy with my tan.  I even stopped by on a whim and she was able to squeeze me in so I didn't have to come super early in the morning.  This is most definitely my go to place in Scottsdale from now on.  In fact I have a tan with her tonight!
5	Love the color! My new favorite place
5	Awesome, natural tan!!!
5	Just got back from my spray tan at The Bronze Bar. Laura was extremely friendly, laid back, and professional. She made me feel so comfortable, and was fun to talk to. She was very thorough with our consultation, making sure she chose a good color for my pasty skin. She also listened to what I like and don't like, and wanted to make sure I was totally happy with the results. Even though my actual tan hasn't fully developed yet, I have a feeling it will be great. Also, when I've be sprayed before I usually feel like a hot sticky mess, and am too embarrassed to go anywhere/ do anything for the rest of the day. Laura dusts this awesome powder on your skin after the tan to make you feel like a normal person. I also don't smell like that nasty spray tan smell which is such a relief.She was very concerned with my tan turning out perfect, and with me being satisfied with it. I can tell she really cares about her guests, and as a hair stylist I can relate to that. I will recommend The Bronze Bar to everyone!
5	The Bronze Bar is awesome! Laura is incredibly sweet and makes you feel so comfortable. I'd had a not-so-great experience with a spray tan previously and she far exceeded my high expectations! She evened out my tan lines from shorts and sports bras and made me look amazing! I got tons of compliments when I was on vacation in Mexico...and it lasted for about a week! I will give Laura and the Bronze Bar the highest recommendation to anyone looking for a spray tan, whether it's for a beach getaway or just to get a head start on your summer color.
5	Ive been to the Bronze bar now about 4 times and Laura is awesome.  She always makes you feel comfortable which is very important considering I am standing naked in front of herLaura asks what color you want and off you go into the room.  When I went to Coachella i wanted a darker look but when i was back at home I went for a slightly lighter look and both looks came out great. Laura keeps everything on file to so that you can just refer back to what you had before.  My tan normally lasts about a week and I have never had any streaks afterwards.  Ive been to most of the spray tan places in Scottsdale and Laura is by far the best
4	first spray tan and loved the color!  it's a little awkward to have someone spray you from head to toe (I thought a machine would do it), but i guess that's how the color ends up so even.  i can see how trips to the bronze bar can become addicting!
5	I went to The Bronze Bar for my first spray tan experience and it turned out better than I could have even hoped for! Laura is so nice and professional and her prices are SO reasonable. She explains the whole process and makes sure that you are getting the color you want. She makes you feel really comfortable while she sprays and she does an amazing job. I always walk out with a perfect, bronzed glow. Laura keeps your color on file so she can refer to it the next time you come in.I will definitely continue to frequent The Bronze Bar anytime I need a tanning pick me up!
5	I have never gotten a spray tan before and I am so pleased that my very first one was with Laura! She is so friendly and helpful. She is also extremely comforting and makes you feel welcome which is always nice when you are standing there while a stranger sprays you down. Laura talked me through which tone choice I wanted and we picked a fairly subtle bronze which was good for my first time so I wasn't too shocked by the skin tone change. I used a yelp deal which is great for the first two times. I have already made my second appointment and I will continue to return to Laura for all of my air brush needs! She really is a rockstar!
5	Best tan ever... lasting about 12 days now. Laura is very professional and thorough. Can't wait to go back!
5	This was a wonderful experience and I felt completely comfortable with Laura.  This was my first time getting a spray tan and it was such a positive experience that I will definitely be going back.  So about the tan...the colors go from 1-7 and me being a person that used to tan in a tanning bed, I wanted something that would show, so I got a 5.  I think next time I will get a 6 or 7 but it was noticeable and it lasted about 7 days.  Super awesome experience!!
5	I was referred to The Bronze Bar by a friend of mine. I have never spray tanned before because most spray tans turn out streaky or orange. Her tan looked AMAZING though so I thought I would try it out. I was a little nervous because I have never spray tanned before. Laura was awesome!! She made me feel totally comfortable, she explained everything in detail, and MY TAN LOOKS AWESOME!!! I will definitely be coming back here on a regular basis!
5	This is the only place I will ever go for a spray tan again. As an extremely fair skinned person, it is hard to get a spray tan to look natural on me. The one's that I have received in the past ended up looking unnatural and very obvious. I was looking to get some extra color for my wedding day and found the Bronze Bar on Yelp. It was a two for one deal, so I figured I would get the first one as a trial and if I liked it I would come back for my wedding. I came in for my first appointment and talked to Laura about my concerns and let her know about my bad experience with spray tans in the past. She listened to what I had to say and the results were great, so I came back in again for my wedding. Laura's facility is super clean and professional and she is a perfectionist in what she does. She took the time to make sure that everything was applied evenly and looked good. I was very satisfied with how the color turned out and would highly recommend the Bronze Bar.
5	I stayed in Scottsdale on the front and tail end of a trip to Sedona.  What a lucky find for me The Bronze Bar was!!  Marissa did my tan the first time and then Laura on my way back to San Diego.  They provided amazing service, a great product and a wonderful tan.  I have been home for almost 7 days and my tan is still glowing.  I will definitely be back, the next time that I am in Scottsdale!
5	I went to The Bronze Bar the day before I had a pool party to attend, and for my first spray tan experience.  Of course I was nervous at first, but after meeting Laura, those nerves went away. The location is very clean, and Laura very professional, making the experience wonderful from the start.  The color is custom mixed specifically for you, so you won't end up with some streaky, orange tan and Laura is not afraid to give you her opinion on what she thinks will look best.  The process is designed to suit your comfort level and again, Laura puts you right at ease.  My color turned out BEAUTIFUL. Very natural looking and wears very well.  Although I work out avidly and shower frequently, I didn't find the color to fade too quickly or unevenly.  All in all, I am very pleased with my experience at Bronze Bar and will certainly go back in the future.
4	This was my first spray tan experience and I chose wisely! They were very professional and made me feel comfortable. I left the color choice in the experts hands and it turned out great! I had a question the following day, sent and email and received a quick response. My only issue was that although it is right on Indian School Road, the store front sign is small, I drove by twice. I will be back...
5	I had my first spray tan here and absolutely loved it! It was my first experience having someone spray tan me; i have always used the automated booths (mystic tan, etc.)  At first I  was pretty nervous about being full on nude in front of someone I had never met before. The nude part was pretty much my only reservation about coming here. But really, it wasn't as bad as I thought! I was very comfortable. The technician talked to me and was very calm, as if she was very used to seeing people naked all the time... haha The shop is super cute too!! They custom mixed my color and very thoroughly explained the process. My skin is absolutely bronzed and gorgeous now!!! Having someone airbrush you is SO much better than a mystic tan. It is so even and the color is gorgeous for my complexion. In a mystic, your face, feet, and hands usually get very dark. Here, they just do a light coat on them so it looks so much more natural!! My new airbrush tan is so even and beautiful. For very fair complexions like mine, these are fantastic!!Anyways, I clearly love this place and will definitely be coming back for many more spray tans! :-)
5	I love the Bronze Bar and I love Laura and Marissa! :) Color goes on great and stays on very well. They have great customer service too (and Yelp deals) which makes me want to continue to come back :)
5	All around great place to get my Bronze on. SO glad it's doing well. Laura is perfect at what she does. I've had 5 tans plus treated 2 girlfriends and both were so pleased.
5	I went to the Bronze Bar for my first "fake" tanning experience--and I couldn't be happier!  I was concerned about how it would look.  All too often I have seen people with obvious unnatural tans.  Since it was for my daughter's wedding, I wanted it to be perfect--and it was.  Laura was very helpful, and really cared about providing the best experience possible.  She took the time to find out what I wanted the result to be-and her suggestion was right on target.  I will be back for my next special occasion!
5	Love Laura & love the Bronze Bar!!!
5	Had a good experience here - Laura is super nice and makes you feel really comfortable.  Will definitely keep going back!
5	I went to the Bronze Bar in response to a one-time Yelp discount offer and was very happy with my results. I've been spray tanning since well before it became mainstream and swear by it - and admittedly shop around now that so many salons have now opened - so I'm definitely an "airbrush vet." The studio is very stylish, the service was extremely professional, but most importantly, the color was customized and very well done. She achieved the perfect color based on what I needed this time around. For as much as I spray tan, my boyfriend HATES everything about it: the residual smell, the typically overdone color, and the scaly look as it fades...so I was extremely pleased when my Bronze Bar tan passed the boyfriend test. I'll be back in soon!
5	Loved my spray tan at The Bronze Bar!! Made me look great for my friend's wedding. Color was perfect and they specifically mix it for your skin tone. Will definitely be back and tell my friends about The Bronze Bar.
5	Laura is very nice, detail oriented and punctual. She makes sure you are the exact shade you desire and that you leave happy. Cute salon too! Clean and neat.
5	Love love love it! Cutiest decor! Laura is amazing ! I got spray  tan a couple of days before my wedding !  She did a wonderful & perfect airbrush for me , I just wanted a j- lo glow , best of all she took her time & is very professional ! I recommend the bronze bar to all . Best spray tan place in scottdale , az.  You must check this place out!!!!
5	Fantastic experience! Laura was very personable and took the time for a consultation to ensure she was giving me the level of color I wanted. I was in town for a wedding so having the perfect bronze was crucial. My tan lasted for more than a week and faded pretty naturally. The yelp coupon is an amazing deal, but I think even the full price is worth it. Thanks!!!
5	Laura was awesome. My sisters and I went because of a wedding and she did a absolutely fantastic job on color.
5	I visited The Bronze Bar yesterday for the first time and wow, what a great experience! Laura - despite having a dead smartphone :) - was awesome. She quickly figured out the right color for me and was great in answering my questions and making me feel comfortable. I highly recommend The Bronze Bar and look forward to returning!
5	Laura was very professional and helpful. The end result was excellent. I will be back!
5	I had my first spray tan ever today.  Laura was great and very nice. Can't wait to see how it looks tomorrow.
5	This was my first time receiving a spray tan and it was the best experience ever! Laura is amazing. She knows her stuff and my tan was so natural looking. I would definitely recommended!
5	I have had the pleasure of getting sprayed by both Laura and Deborah.  They are both so great, you can't go wrong with either of them!  I'm not a modest person, but they are so great about making you comfortable about being totally naked( if you choose, you are more than welcome to wear something as long as you are okay with it getting sprayed, also they will supply you with some throw away panties if you'd like).  I am so happy that I found this place, my tan is so beautiful, much better than mystic(which I used to do often).  They have this great powder that they put on all the places you usually feel super sticky and they have this awesome booth that you stand it that sucks up the mist so you can breathe easily and not feel as if you are inhaling the tanning spray.  They both took the time to discuss color choices so I would be happy. I very highly recommend going here if you want a beautiful, glowing, not orange tan!! I love The Bronze Bar!!
3	Looked awesome for a few days.  Did not fade as well as I would have liked.  Obvious line at hand
5	Laura was courteous and professional. She took the time to go over the product offerings and pick the best solution to meet my needs. The salon is clean. And the price is unbelievably affordable. Especailly for a custom spray. I will absolutely go back!
5	I've been visiting The Bronze Bar for about a year. Each time, I've been extremely happy with how my tan turned out. I'm a red head, so getting a spray tan can be tricky. Laura does an amazing job of selecting a custom color, that makes me look like I have a natural glow.Before coming to The Bronze Bar, I was a little weary of having someone custom airbrush my tan. I was used to going to those salons - where you stand in those machines and they spray you down. Now - I am completely converted to airbrush, and Laura makes you feel comfortable and has a very consultative approach. She is the only person I trust when it comes to getting a spray tan - and I highly recommend.
5	I came here for the first time last Friday night and wanted a light glow for my engagement party the next day.Laura was great! We did a Level 1 and I had a light and perfect glow for my engagement party.The facility is clean and cute and Laura is very friendly.Very competitive pricing too!Definitely recommend.
5	I moved to Scottsdale three weeks ago and I was hesitent to try airbrush tan here ....cheating on my regular spray tanner back home was going to be difficult.  I also thought the prices would be far more in Scottsdale than in Ohio.  What a nice surprise to find The Bronze Bar! Laura was so kind and didn't make me feel uncomfortable at all. Her prices are very reasonable, location is great and the shop is clean (difficult to achieve in a spray tan facility!). I actually hesitated to yelp review because I dont want Laura to get so busy that someday I might not be able to get an appt. :)  I decided that was pretty selfish ! LOL  Thank you for the great experience Laura!
5	Love Laura.  So easy-going and yet professional.  She enjoyed getting bronzed herself for years so she has great advice on making it last, is willing to do contouring, and really is knowledgeable.   Easy online booking and so excited she travels now,  too, for when I'm scrambling and need her to come to me.  She is the best, but can get booked out so you can calendar repeating appointments. Definitely recommend.
5	I had never had a spray tan before so I was really nervous. I wasn't impressed by the outside but I was over the moon by the service and quality of the spray tan I received. I would recommend this place to anyone looking to receive a spray tan. The girl was very friendly and talkative and the results were so great and natural looking. Don't be intimidated with how dark you get afterwards the shower makes it all better. Also I was worried because I had some streaks from my pants and other things on my legs that I thought would be there with the result but it all ended up blending in.
5	The best place to spray tan in Scottsdale!  Laura is so sweet and professional and does such a great job everytime.
5	Everything, absolutely everything about this place and Laura is as good as it gets.  It's a small little boutique style location.I had been tanning before but not to a spray tan place done by a person.  I've experienced the machine sprays and tanning beds.  This was the best experience--I couldn't have asked for it to be better.  The tan was perfect.  I have my bridal shower this coming Saturday and so I tested it out last Friday just to make sure everything would go well.  It did! I'm going back this Friday so I can be glowing again for Saturday.  It's been 3 days and everything looks extremely natural.  I look and feel thinner too!  Awesome experience.  I would absolutely recommend.  I'll be going back at least 4 or 5 times before my wedding in April.
5	Laura is awesome! She did my spray tan before I went on my honeymoon and also for another vacation I went on. She was very personable and made me feel very comfortable. My color looked very natural, not orange the entire week after I had it done.
5	absolutely love this place!!!!i always had spray tans but this is by far great!!!
5	Awesome! Very professional...it looks great! No missed spots, looks very natural.
5	This is a classy place that gives natural-looking, glowing, tan skin. This was my first experience with a spray tan and Debbie was informative, professional, and extremely friendly.
5	Bronze Bar is the best spray tan in the valley!! Not only is it streak free everytime, but it also last the longest than any other place I've gone!  Laura is extremely friendly and professional and makes sure your tan turns out exactly how you want it! I will not go anywhere else to get a tan!
5	OMG Laura at the Bronze Bar is fantastic. All the 5 star reviews -- yes all 55+ of them -- are absolutely deserved. Stop looking and GO TO THE BRONZE BAR.Here's why:It turns out I am spray tan challenged. I tanned in beds in high school for a few years and had that down to a perfect science (high pressure, bronzers, tingles, when to shave, moisturize etc.) I had a wonderful and perfect tan. But years have passed and now I'm paler, a bit redder on my face and arms, much heavier and now afraid of skin cancer. Hence I googled and yelped my way for a airbrush tan salon in Scottsdale.  I was drawn instantly to The Bronze Bar for its super creative and adorable name and then I did a double-take: 5 star overall rating with 59 reviews?!! I'm a Yelper and have yet to see another business even even somewhat close to this kind of rating. Well ladies and gents, those 5 stars ring true. Here's a quick rundown but you can read my full review below:QUICK REVIEW - adorable business: clean, well-decorated, feminine and comfortable - stocks Fantasy Tan spray tan products (lotion/shower gel) but no sales. Just on the shelf if you want to buy - Laura is kind, friendly, easy to talk to - She makes you feel comfortable regardless of weight/shape - She personally trains all of her employees - Scheduling is easy and availability is usually open a few days in advance - TALENTED in proper color and technique: even, gorgeous bronze tan - Takes AMEX - Extremely affordable - Not pretentious - Very knowledgeable on how to modify spray tan (pre and post care) for skin type - EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE: Laura does everything possible to make sure you LOVE your tan. Available pre and post tan to answer questions, ease fears/concerns.- Great work ethic- Offers mobile airbrushing- Great location, close to 101: easy to get to and leaveFULL REVIEW I diligently scoured through each Yelp review because I tend to research everything to death (I literally suck the fun out of something out of fear I'll be unprepared...) There were a few 4 star reviews but when I read them they didn't make sense (knocking down a star because you wanted a booth and it's an airbrush? seriously?). Stuff like that. I made an appointment easily and quickly online via The Bronze Bar's website. Fantastic scheduling and instant email confirmation along with a reminder email. I went in for my first ever airbrush tan thinking I was totally prepared. I had read all the dos and donts for hours from the internet,  bought an expensive exfoliant to ensure success because I'm just high-maintenance like that -- and took the plunge. Laura was totally sweet and didn't care that I was a few (okay maybe a lot) of pounds overweight. I felt totally comfortable in my g-string and flabby, pale stomach. We discussed color and Laura explained it goes from 1-8 (or 1-7, I think). Since this was a trial run before an event, I went with a 1. The spray tan took about 15 minutes and Laura was friendly and easy to talk to. She's clear with instructions. I've since had three spray tans with Laura in 3 weeks and it looks phenomenal. Even. Perfect color. No smell. The first two I kept messing up (shaving too soon before the session, shaving too soon after, etc.) and Laura worked with me -- but never acted irritated or annoyed -- even when I'd continually mess up her gorgeous work. ****I even spilled WATER all over myself the day of my airbrush tan -- about 3 hours after -- and Laura made time to correct my wonky tan that day despite her 12-hour booked solid day. She didn't even charge me or make me feel like I was a pain (even though like I said, I'm spray tanned challenged). That was yesterday and my tan came out absolutely perfect. She works miracles.****The shop seems like it's located in an odd location but it's actually SUPER easy to park and leave. (If you are heading west on Indian School just turn left onto 78th St then your first right onto 1st Ave and then another right on to Kalarama Ave (you do a loop and it's much easier). The Bronze Bar adorable and well-decorated -- very feminine -- and super clean. There is product for you to buy (lotions and shower gels) but Laura doesn't even mention them. No pushy sales. Will never go another salon (and I live in N. Scottsdale and drive 25 minutes each way). LOVE THE BRONZE BAR.
5	Well I HAD to remove my other review so I didn't ruin the Bronze Bar's perfect reputation because...well she deserves it. Laura is amazinggggggggggg! I decided to give it another try and went today for my spray tan. I probably did the worst job explaining what kind of tan I wanted but somehow Laura completely understood what I was looking for and mixed me up the perfect color. I now have a beautiful tan! Laura is also so nice and really easy to talk to while you are getting sprayed. So happy I gave them a chance, I'm now a monthly member and plan on going every week :)
5	Super friendly & made me feel comfortable w/ almost no clothes on.
4	LOVE it! I absolutely love The Bronze Bar. The tans always come out NATURAL and even - they do such a great job. It's locally owned. And they give awesome personal attention so you feel really comfortable with the tan!
5	I was nervous to go, I had purchased a yelp deal for my husband and myself. I worried about the color and if it would look orange and nervous to be almost nude in front of a stranger. She made me feel so comfortable while getting the spray! She also talked to me about what I wanted and my concerns for the color of the tan. She was fabulous and picked the color perfectly! I think the tan looks amazing and I am so satisfied! My husband looks amazing too and also felt very comfortable with her as well, she was so accomadating because we had to bring our son with us.I will be going back and will recommend her to others!
5	I have not been back in a while but does not reflect how great the service is here.
5	Marissa was absolutely fantastic. I've tried my hand at a few other places in the valley and this is definitely the best. Doesn't leave you looking streaky as it fades and even if you choose to go darker than usual it'll still be natural. Highly highly recommended
5	I had the most pleasant experience with Laura at The Bronze Bar today. She is professional and kind. I love, love how customized the airbrush tan is & she confirmed if the tan was to my liking. An added bonus is you are dusted with setting powder so you don't walk around feeling sticky. I am confident in recommending her to others.
2	Maybe Jessica was having an off day?The building itself was easy to find. Very cute decor inside. The ability to schedule appointments online is awesome. Their hours are incredible too!The tan itself left something to be desired. The color was a little on the orange side fort liking. I had to ask her to cover certain areas that she avoided all together. After I mentioned some smudging in one area she seemed annoyed about having to fix it which made me uncomfortable about pointing out other areas I had problems with. The next day after rinsing in the shower I noticed two streaks on the inside of both of my calves that hadn't even been sprayed! I also thought drying myself off was a little weird. Tans I've gotten elsewhere the person doing it has done the drying since they know when it's done. All in all I didn't have the great experience that other Yelpers had. The prices were great, but I would be willing to pay a little more for better quality.
5	I have been here a few times and it is the best spray tan I've ever had. Laura (the owner) has sprayed me both times and she will work with you to get what color you want and makes you feel comfortable while she's spraying you! I always recommend The Bronze Bar to my friends.
5	Did a spray tan with Angela today - I LOVE IT! I had to go a shade darker (6) because they were out of the 5.  I was nervous but so happy they were out, because it brought me out of my comfort "tan" and now I love it even more!
5	This place is awesome, you can customize your tan to your specific color and they can make you as tan as you want! It came out beautifully! I can't wait to return here soon!
5	First time getting an airbrush tan.  Cute place when I first walked in and the girls in the lobby immediately made me feel at home.Angela was my "tan specialist", or so that's what I would call it, and she was a gem!  Although I was nervous about getting completely naked, I thought, 'What is the point of doing this if I can't make it look natural?!'Angela talked to me the whole time and made me feel so comfortable.  She did an amazing job and went through all the "after" care with me in detail.My tan looks GREAT and I'm so excited about how I will look for the wedding I'm in tomorrow.  I highly recommend this place.  They know their stuff!
5	So- I had a big event this past weekend that required me to be in a bikini (Eeeek!) and needed a tan FAST! I've heard nothing but GREAT things about this place so i decided i would give it a try....Boy am i glad i did! First of all- i called to make an appt. and the owner helped me and set me up with Jessica (who she said sprayed just like her, so i trusted her) and was SO sweet about getting me in on short notice. its WAY closer than the place i usually go to which was another bonus- not to mention how sweet and accommodating Jessica was when i got there! She made me feel so comfortable and we made small talk the whole session and she was SO meticulous about my spray- even asked if i wanted another coat etc. Needless to say- the reviews about the bronze bar are all right and i will DEFINITELY be back to see Jessica!
5	Yelpers, you did it again.The 5-star rating over so many reviews should say enough for the Bronze Bar, but still I shall say more. I went for my first airbrush tan in 10 years, and I was nervous about the normal stuff--unnatural orange hue, streakiness, etc. I was leaving for my Bachelorette Party the next morning--A CRUISE--with all my naturally tan ladies in waiting and I didn't want to be the awkward pale one. Laura to the rescue! She did a great job calming my nerves, and went down half a tone when I told her I was concerned, as well as educating me on after care and prolonging tips. I loved my color, and it survived the harsh jacuzzi and ocean waters I subjected it to all weekend. The only streakiness was on my pointer finger (weird) but I was able to scrub it off enough and in my cleavage. I think this was because I went to the salon straight from work instead of going with fresh clean skin. I chose to get the ...full body...tan, and there was nothing awkward about the nekkidness.oh, overshare? not sorry. Skip the melanoma. Go see Laura and her team. Plus, $15 Yelp deal?? Duhhh.
5	I am tanorexic, and I have a couple places I get sprayed, and this is by far one of my favorite places! I have seen Jessica and Laura! Thay are both really nice and listen to the type of tan you want. The solution they use is great because it fades off very nicely instead of looking like it flakes off! And I love that they put powder on you so you aren't so sticky! Love this cute lil' place!
5	I needed a quick tan for a wedding I was in, since my skin never tans naturally... this was a quick and easy process, and it looked great!  Not orangey or anything.  I think I worked with Laura?  She had a chat with me about what sort of tan I was looking for, and it came out looking totally natural.  I would definitely go back!
5	Wonderful place!! It shows from all the 5 star reviews, Laura does not disappoint!!! The best place to get a spray tan in Scottsdale hands down!!!
5	The absolute best!!! Love Laura and Jessica!  Both give an awesome spray tan and I get compliments GALORE every time!  Very natural looking tans w custom color and I feel very comfortable standing naked while getting sprayed!  Love love love!!
5	I just love the Bronze Bar. they have great hours and it is so easy to schedule. Their prices are also incredibly competitive. I have tanned there at least four times, including for my wedding. The color always looks amazingly natural and I am always complimented after I go. I have also been tanned by three different women and they were all equally great.
5	Jessica was super nice and helpful. I was really nervous since it was my first time getting a spray tan. Jessica talked to me about how dark I felt comfortable with and what color would look best with my skin. In the end she did a combination between level 1 and 4. It came out great! Everyone at work was shocked how natural it looked, they would have never guessed it was a spray tan. I'm definitely going to be coming back here. :)
5	This place is AMAZING! Laura is so sweet and made me feel so comfortable. And my tan is gorgeous!
5	Can't say enough good things about Laura and Bronze Bar. She does an amazing job. Everytime I go, she listens to my specific needs and we talk through the process beforehand. I've always been so happy with my tan! Great location, very fair prices. The only place I will ever go!
5	I've never had an airbrush tan, but needs to be tan for an event. I was afraid I would look orange and fake, but I loved the outcome. She mixed two colors that she thought would go well with my skin tone and she obviously knew what she was doing. It looked perfect. I would definitely go back/recommend them to friends.
5	Friendly service and my tan looked great for my trip to Vegas.  I'd definitely go again!
5	Love this place! I look so good and tan after and the yelp deal is so good! Been back 5 times!
5	Update: I really don't have anything to say that you haven't read here before. But still. I went in for a pre-photoshoot tan and was just as pleased as the first few visits. Laura is so great with scheduling and working around whatever is going on--she wasn't available during my ideal time so I went and saw one of her other girls (Sorry, it's been a while and I forget her name!). She was just as professional, and toned down the bronzing a little bit because my shoot was the next day so there wouldn't be time for it to fade naturally. One of these days I will get around to submitting my professional photo and claim my next tan...
5	BEST.PLACE.EVER. plain and simple! no smelly fumes. custom color to fit your desired color for the perfect bronzed look! amazing prices. the ladies are so sweet and lovely! what is not to love about this place! make sure to book appointments accordingly they always get filled up quick!
5	I love this place! I'm very, very fair skinned and my tans always come out looking so natural and perfect! I won't go anywhere else!
5	I have had tons of spray tans, airbrush tans, versa tans, you name it and the tan I got from The Bronze Bar was by far the best one yet!  I was super pleased.  The only negative?  The normal prices....I used a Yelp deal but will likely not return to this place because the normal price is a little too high for me.
4	Nice beautiful staff! they make you comfortable. and Its a cute low key place!
5	Laura was great and my tan was perfect. I've had various spray tans and airbrush tans for other occasions and this was by far the best. Website was also well done and helpful re scheduling, as well as prepping and after-treatment instructions--a must-read if one is a first-timer...  Great job, Laura, I'll definitely be back.
5	This place is amazing!  Laura is great and very sweet! My first experience getting a spray tan was horrible (at a different place), so I was worried about trying it again.  My tan was great!  I had no streaking and it faded evenly.  I didn't end up orange at all and it looked so natural.  I highly recommend!
5	This place is my favorite place to get a spray tan.  Before coming here I realize I was getting the worst spray tans ever and not even knowing it.  After other places, I would have to put a towel down in my car because the tan would get everywhere and I would be very very dark until I showered.  My boyfriend would hate when I could get a spray tan before because I would look scary Jersey tan, not natural.Laura is always so sweet and friendly, I look forward to chatting with her during my tan.  The first couple times I went I didn't even realize she was the owner because she is so nice and humbled.  The first time I came in here I was asking where the lotion was to put on the bottom on my hands and feet, and Laura told me I wont need it.  At other places I would have streaks and tan gathered in the wrinkles of my feet...gross.  All I can say is I am so glad I randomly found this place, and I will now not go anywhere else.Also, be sure to ask her about sending your after pictures in.  I sent in one of my engagement pictures and she gave me a free tan
5	I'm a big fan!  I've been here twice now and each time I have left with a beautiful tan.  They have a huge selection of colors.  This last time, whatever formula they used was amazing.  It was far less stinky than normal spray tan.  I also love that they powder you down after the tan, so you don't feel sticky upon leaving.  My tans always last a long time and come out very even and natural.  My go to place from now on!
5	Thank you, Laura for a beautiful tan. You made it so comfortable and easy! I will be back for more.
5	LOVE the Bronze Bar. Been going here for two years and Laura is wonderful. Prior to trying this place I had been elsewhere and had the classic awful spray tan experiences, and after trying Bronze Bar I haven't gone anywhere else! She keeps her studio warm, welcoming, and everything is cleaned regularly. With their wide variety of colors for different skin tones, I always leave extremely happy with the color :)
5	The Bronze Bar is by far the best spray tan place in town! Been seeing Laura (the owner) for about 2 years and she does a fabulous job every single time. I highly recommend The Bronze Bar.
5	This place is AWESOME!  I might be a little biased as I had never had a spray tan previously,  but they were just wonderful in making you comfortable and talking you through it. I went with two other girls who have had them before and they agreed this place was The best.  The tan lasted about two weeks and I just absolutely loved it. Can't wait for another reason to get another one!
5	This was my first "personal spray tan" ever and Laura made it a very comfortable experience. The shop is cute and very professional. I look 3 shades tanner and not orange or streaky. I'll definitely go back!
5	I have never received a personal airbrush tan, so I was a little nervous going into this. Laura made me feel so comfortable and was so helpful with all of my questions. She also helped me with my color that we both decided would look great on my skin. I'm not orange nor streaky. I used to get sprays by the versa, and this is a step up! I would HIGHLY recommend Laura and the Bronze Bar!
5	Bronze Bar is the best.  Laura takes care you and is well versed on her products.  My tan always looks on point, the staff is super friendly and price point is very reasonable.  Bronze Bar continues to make me look and feel amazing!
5	So I've had five or six airbrush tans here and they've all been excellent. I've seen Laura, who is my favorite, and Jessica, who also does a great job. I've had three different color formulas applied too. I love that they're always ready to tweak the formula to meet my specific needs. Buying a package is definitely the smart way to go, I usually purchase the five for $100 deal. Twenty bucks for a flawless tan that lasts at least a week is a pretty great deal!
5	Had my first airbrush experience with Laura and it was a great one. I decided to get some extra color before I headed out to Cali for my bestfriends wedding and i was super happy with my color. Not orange at all. I went a very deep tan and it was just what i wanted. It is an all day inconvenience though so be prepared to do this on an a day that you don't have any other major plans.. like cleaning, showering etc. Even be careful when it comes to eating and drinking. I was eating grapes and a drop of juice dripped down on my chest before I dried..and well yeah, I was left with a circle drop of light skin lol surrounded by all the tan. Oh well.. ya live ya learn!i will be back and highly recommend the Bronze Bar. Laura made me feel totally comfortable being butt nekkid...nothing weird at all. Totally professional!
5	I have been tanning at The Bronze Bar for over a year and OMG I am DYING that I cannot go there anymore! I have just moved to Southern California and am struggling to find a custom airbrush tanning salon that is even half as good as The Bronze Bar! I went to a few others in Phoenix when I lived there and they don't compare at all. Bronze Bar customizes for your needs, it is NEVER orange, and it lasts for ages without cracking (moisturize of course though)! I miss you, ladies!!
2	I thought I would try this place out since the reviews are so awesome. I am not sure if my experience was not the same since I didn't have Laura, which everyone recommends, but I was not happy with my tan at all. First of all, I am not really picky with customer service but when it takes a customer to say hi twice before you fully acknowledge her, that kind of bothers me. Besides that, the tan was really splotchy on my stomach, feet and hands. It had more of an orange tint to it then another spray tanning place I use. I didn't think it looked natural at all and it began to fade in certain areas the very next day. Sorry to say but I will be sticking with the other tanning place.
