4	Gateway park to Amargosa Trail and Sloan Canyon National Recreation Area  Hidden Falls Park is the newest City of Henderson park. So new that the information kiosks are still shiny white. The City of Henderson opened this park around Christmas (2011). And I couldn't ask for a better Christmas present.  Hidden Falls Park is off US 95 exit 51. Turn on westbound Horizon Drive, then cross Horizon Ridge Parkway, immediately after CVS, you enter the park. Horizon Drive continues into the park. All the park amenities are off Horizon Drive. At the first curve, that brings Horizon Drive southbound, there is a basketball court and parking lot. Progressing south, there is open land. Before Horizon Drive climbs a slight hill there is a dog park on the west side. There are picnic tables near the dog park. A note for dog owners: the adjacent Amargosa Trail is popular with hikers accompanied by their canine friends. On the east side, the back exterior of Von's is unspectacular. Before Horizon Drive turns westbound, it meets up with a second entrance to Horizon Ridge Parkway that is parallel to the Armory. Directly ahead is Black Mountain. As the road heads up a slight incline toward Black Mountain there is a playground, rest rooms, and grassy field to the right. A slight ways further up Horizon Drive terminates at a parking lot. Black Mountain stands in its glory.  Hidden Falls Park is a gateway park to regional hikes. The Amargosa Trail continues from where Horizon Drive terminates. Immediately, after entering the trailhead, hikers have the option of turning left and linking up with Sloan Canyon National Park in a half mile walk. For people not up to a hike, to the right of the dead end parking lot are switchbacks that reach an overlook.  My chances of returning are high. Most likely I will be using it as the gateway to Slone Canyon and Amargosa Trail hiking.
5	This is a hidden gem for the City of Henderson. It's not just because it's new at the time I write this, this is the park my 2 year old likes best. More to climb, more to do, and the view is pretty cool too. The skatepark is always busy...even if you can't skate it's kinda fun to watch for a little bit. This park as another reviewer mentioned is a gateway park to trails and various other areas. It's got trails that will help you work up a good sweat in a hurry but the views make you forget all about that. 5 stars...my 2 year old would give his approval but he's too busy climbing on the playground equipment to say much. I-515 at Horizon Drive. Exit the Interstate, turn towards the mountain...it's tucked in behind Vons.
5	come to this park all the time with my daughter and by myself for a quick hike. been hiking the amargosa trail for year now before completion. only downfall now is that it gets crowded but still worth it.
5	I love this parks landscape on the rolling hillside with the mountain as the backdrop. It is nestled at the foot of Black Mountain right behind the strip mall where Vons is located. Family and dog friendly, there is something for everyone.As you enter from Horizon Dr. you have a lighted basketball court and skate park. Hang a left turn you'll  drive along and pass the fenced in dog park and the 2 playgrounds one for toddlers and the other for ages 5-12.  The kids have some cool playground equipment.  The structure that's designed to look like a rock climbing wall would be my favorite if I was a kid and the splash pads too!  Park benches and picnic areas are scattered throughout. There's  large grassy field in the center.  The path winds up all the way to the top where you have the trailhead  that has shaded picnic tables and the entry path to Amargosa Trail. There is also  another small bike/ hiking path that snakes up to small overlook that has a fantastic view of the city. I like catching the sunrise and sunset from here.  This area also is a popular place to hike in the afternoon, you'll have to alternate sides on the path for people coming and going up and down the hill.  It's not a problem though since everyone is courteous and considerate.   Since the mountains are set up high against the park you get shade here early in the afternoon also.  There is adequate parking spaces but it's pretty tight in some areas.  Drive extra slowly because sometimes you share the road with the hikers, cyclists and joggers and have the random kid that chases after their ball.  This place is the perfect neighborhood park!  It's no wonder why Henderson is known for it's award winning parks.
4	The dog runs are huge!  Seriously, HUGE! I did not expect this park to be as large as it is.  It is aptly named Hidden Falls, as I only found out about it as I failed to make a turn so I just kept going (I was en route to a different park).  And lo and behold, here there be HUGE dog runs!I cannot get over the size of the dog runs at this park.  They're long and wide, there's seating inside for people, there's grass and gravel and trees, and it's again, just massive.  I haven't seen people and dogs here yet, though I attribute that to the cold recently.  However, I did see people at the skate park and the basketball courts on the other side of the park.  I would have never guessed that this place was up here and I imagine it's far more popular in the summer.  From what I could see on my limited investigation, there's a trail that runs beside here, maybe even a trail head.This is definitely a place that bears further investigation when it's warmer out.
5	Beautiful park nestled at the foot of black mountain. Theres a water park, two covered playgrounds with cool and modern equipment (one of them is appropriate for toddlers), a bathroom, and a grassy area for play. Theres also the trailhead for amargosa trail if you park at the top of the mountain, and down behind the cvs theres a basketball court, fenced in doggy park, and skatepark. I really love this park!
5	Henderson is known for wonderful parks already and when I saw them constructing this at the bottom of Black Mountain behind the military base, Vons and CVS off Horizon and Horizon Ridge, all I thought initially was "What a stupid place for a park".  Boy, was I wrong. If you are at CVS and you look back you see the basket ball and skatepark.  You would not even think to even drive back here to explore. Once you go back and make a left you come to two dog runs (one for little dogs and one for big dogs).  The dog areas have a fenced area with tables and chairs just outside the dog area.  Inside the dog run there are some tables and chairs in there as well.  When you drive up you come to a toddler play area with bathrooms and then there is a play area for kids over 5 years old with swings. There are picnic tables all around and lots of lawn area.  You are right at the bottom of the moutain and it is really beautiful.  So, you think that is it, nope!  You can drive a little further up the hill to where it deadends and just to the right there is a short little hike where you will see quite a view.  We loved hiking with the kids and the kids just loved looking for the beautiful yelllow flowers.  There are other trails too which I have heard can take you to Sun City Anthem 7 miles later.  We still need to explore more.
5	Another incredible Henderson park here!  This feels like a wonderful gift from the city to the public because it's such an amazing place!  With Black Mountain as a backdrop, in a beautiful tucked away location, this park has everything for the outdoorsy type.  Here you'll find the trailhead for Amargosa trail; a walking course that offers amazing city views at the top; children's playground and splashpad; a dog park with separate enclosures for small dogs and all dogs; a skate park; basketball courts; and barbecues for those perfect days to enjoy an outdoor meal with friends/family.  I'm so glad this is my local park!
4	Thanks to another Yelper I had to try this park. Very easy to find, located off of the 95, in a nice neighborhood.From the first parking lot I spot the dog park and a skate park. The dog runs were large, but dry, not much grass. Not much shade either. There are some trees but they aren't big enough to provide much shade. Lots of seats available to the humans. Poo bags provided. The unfortunate aspect is the water fountain is outside of the fenced area, how inconvenient.  It was daytime when I was there but by the sight of the lights, I think it'll be hard to see much at night. Not many dogs around while we were there but the ones we met were really nice.We ventured up the street past the park and up to the last parking lot to check out the trails. We spotted some kid play areas along the way. It's nice having some hiking trails (Amargosa) so close to the dog park. Tire out the pooch a bit so he doesn't pull his leash as much!I wil definitely visit this park again and explore the trails a bit more.
5	What a treasure to have this amazing park so close. Located behind the Von's shopping center, it doesn't seem like much. When you drive up you see the basketball court and part of the dog park. But drive up a little more and there is lush greenery, picnic areas, playgrounds, water pad, hiking trails, large open grassy areas to run around in.You can go up the quick switch back trail that gives you a beautiful view of the park and Henderson or you can choose to be adventurous and take the Amargosa hiking Trail for a more rigorous hike. Be sure to wear sneakers or hiking shoes as the rocks can be a little slippery.Great place to have a BBQ picnic or enjoy the day. One of Henderson's best!
5	Relaxing, small, and peaceful.
5	A great place to hike and play or picnic. Had a lovely time there with family.
5	This park is a unknown Jewell. On a hot day the kids can play on a rubberized playground with water jets keeping them busy running back and forth and staying cool. There are also two different playground sets for different age of children. 14 children ages 2 to 5 and another for ages 6 to 15. There's plenty of covered picnic tables for shade and clean restrooms op and you will see youth baseball and soccer teams practicing on the more than ample green grass areas
5	My absolute favorite park I've found in Henderson thanks to yelp! We used to go to the skate park all the time, didn't realize there was more to the park.So awesome & never busy. The rattlesnake signs up the mountain where the hiking area is kinda scared me with my kids ... But hey , we live in the desert. Just don't wear flip flops if planning to hike! My kids are 8 & 11 so they think a lot of playgrounds are too babyish , luckily this one has an area for younger kids & the older kids area is really cool. I Tell them to pretend play "Ninja Warrior" :) Overall , very cool spot!
3	Nice park on the side of Black Mountain.  It has two playground areas (for older and younger kids) along with some picnic areas, open grass area, access to a hiking trail, skate park and I think I saw a dog park as well. There is a smaller splash pad as well but we didn't use it when we visited.  The splash pad is pretty simple but still nice to be able to cool off during our hot summer months!  The kids liked the playground equipment which is a little different from the norm.  There are also bathrooms conveniently located by the kids play area.
4	This is a fantastic park. It had a splash pad, swings, a climbing structure and picnic tables. It has a large natural grass area for playing. One problem we have experienced is a large amount of bees when the splash pad is turned on.
5	This dog park is really nice, especially since they have separate sides for both big and small dogs! Well kept and very clean. I will keep coming back when visiting town.
