5	Brake Masters definitely set our minds at ease today.We had towed our car behind our RV and accidentally left the emergency brake on,while towing about 1 hour. When we arrived at our destination, we were horrified to see that as a result, the emergency brake did not work at all and of course, worried thatthe whole braking system might be messed up.We drove into BM and within 1/2 hour our car was test driven,  all the wheels were taken off and the brakes examined and cleaned. It was determined that nothing was damaged and emergency brake was reset.We were charged for a mere 1/2 labour and breathed a sigh of relief.Fabulous service and we were very grateful..Would highly recommend this location.
1	I've generally used them for oil changes and it has been fine except for always trying to upsell us on various "flushes."  I recently took my Honda in for an oil change and asked them to check the power steering fluid because the steering wheel has been vibrating and moaning.  They told me it was fine.  I took it to another mechanic for 90K service and asked them to check the power steering fluid.  They told me it was absolutely NOT fine and required multiple flushes.  When I got my car back, voila!  No more moaning and vibrating (which is generally not a bad thing but not what I want in my vehicle).  Shame on BM for either missing this or not even looking at it.
1	The service was rude and when I left my car there for nearly two hours they still couldn't manage to get the oil change done by the time they said they would.
3	I have been pleased with the quality of their work.  I found that it's best to make an appointment with them otherwise you could be waiting for a while.  It is a bit annoying to be up-sold each time for a long list of things.  I have a 7 year old car that is in good shape.  I don't need to be told about a lot of unnecessary things to fix.  I do believe that they're honest and their prices are competitive.
1	Took my car in for just an oil change, people were very nice there, one of the guys put my seat back ALL THE WAY in drivers side seat to drive my car 20 feet to the service bay, switch is broken so I cant get the seat to go back, called to let them know it probably isn't a good idea to be moving seats around in peoples cars, but the manager there said I must be short and his guys are tall and didn't even offer an apology or voice any concern whatsoever.  It will take a week to get the part to fix it, not that they broke it, but you would think they would at least acknowledge that they created a problem.  Who moves seats in a car that they are driving into a service bay, did they need to adjust mirrors, put on their favorite radio station, turn on the air conditioner at the same time?  Hardly an issue that they couldn't have handled better, so if they blame customers for what they did, probably not a good place to have your car serviced at.  Also, they combed the car to find things they could fix, including opening the trunk up, just want them to change the oil not take the car apart looking to do work I wouldn't have them do anyways.  They should ask customers if they want them to check out their cars, not just do it on their own.  I will be going to Fletchers from now on.
