4	my bf got the pulled pork sandwich.  i ate the veggie sandwich.  the sandwiches came with a pasta salad.  loved the sandwich, pasta salad was so-so.  overall, it's a great deli and it's right across the street from our place.  happy!
3	Il Mercato can be found at street level of the parking garage across the street (and railroad tracks) of the Cork Factory lofts. It's a very clean space. White subway tile walls with black chalkboard menus. Very slick and spacious - not claustrophobic at all. This place is good for what it is. A very convenient deli with a small bakery and bottle shop for residents of the Cork Factory and employees of companies in the neighboring Crane Building. The food is good, but not worth the prices they charge. Sandwiches hover around $8. They are medium-sized in portion, and do not come with anything if you get them to go which I thought was frustrating. I can't even get a deli pickle slice or something? Boooo. If you eat it there, you get a side of pasta salad for the same price. For a daytime worker needing to grab a quick sandwich and take it back to their desk that's a little annoying to get less that someone eating there. As for employees, they're all very pleasant. They always greet you with a smile and make sure everything's ok. Overall, this is a great place if you're in a hurry or need to pick up something to take home. If you have an extra 10 minutes to walk to Penn Ave, and the other delis are open, those are much better. Cafe Raymond and Prestogeorge blow this place out of the water for the same prices.
2	The food just keeps getting worse. Today I stopped in and ordered a Turkey Club to go because I was low on time. The sandwich was thin, the bread was dry, the lettuce was wilted. It had no pickle or side with it. I did not order a drink. Total cost? $8.03What a ripoff! How does this place expect to stay in business in the strip district with such better options everywhere?
4	we fell on this place while looking for a parking spot in the area. It is really tucked away but glad we popped in. I had the prosciutto sandwich - excellent.... my husband had the turkey and he really loved it, said it was one of the best he'd ever had. They had a great assortment of sodas as well. I think they forgot to put our pickle on plate, I noticed that people who came in after us had gotten a pickle slice with their sandwiches... Regardless, I would easily pick this place for lunch again.
