5	Adjusted me right back into shape...  So i could cdontinue to run Boot Camp classes....
5	Dr. Schultz is great! I walked in with no appointment and was seen right away. I already feel so much better. he is friendly and down to earth. The office staff is friendly too. I would recommend everyone to go there.
5	Ive been seeing this Chiropractor since the Beginning of May, and I was truely what I categorized as "rock bottom."  I had just been rear-ended in a accident that was not my fault, and because of my hectic work and family schedule, had very little time for treatment.  Ive been seeing my personal physician for upwards of 8 years, and he basically just kept writing me prescriptions to get me threw my hectic life (which I thought was what I needed and wanted).  I was injured from this accident, but I had never healed from injuries I suffered previously, and it was starting to interfere in with my job as a bartender, and my role as a mother.  I have 3 little girls, and I didnt want them to remember me attached to a heating pad their whole childhood.  I lived a tough life on this supposed to be still youthful 37 year old back; including Extreme sports as a child, BMX racing, I was a long distance runner, and now Im a full time career bartender.  I felt like Im this fun loving, crazy, wifey and Mom, trapped inside this tight, turtle like shell.  I didnt even realize how hurt I was until this accident sort of pushed my heatlh into the forefront.  I could no longer take pills threw the pain; they werent working.  My husband and Mom tag teamed me into seeing a Chiroprator.  I had my reservations, I was definetly a non-believer, and more important than my stubborness, my Dr. had warned me against it.  So I put a little blurb on FB, and within minutes I had my list of potential candidates.  I googled the names that came up, and Silverado Chiropractic came out top of my list and im forever grateful.  The first thing that amazed me, was how freakin easy they made it for me.  Do you take insurance? Yep.  Do you do accident claims? Yep, if thats the route you choose to go down.  And never once since the first day, have they tried to influence my decisions, they totally put my health first, which is the most amazing part of this clinic.  So its only been 2 months, and Im already feeling like a new person.  I wish i could tell you more about my treatment, but theres not much to tell, I go in, I feel 1000 times better after minor adjustments.  My back was stricken with these terrible muscle spasms, which i never knew how bad they were until they started letting up.  Dr. Dan referred me to their in house Massage Master, and he has been helping me every week, break through years and years of stress and pain that have been literally piling on my shoulders.  I feel like a new person.  More importantly, i cant even explain it, but I feel like Im in a better Mood!  I was in so much pain, and so hurting all the time...i felt trapped....now I am free!  I wish I could somehow repay Dr. Dan Shultz for what he has given me back...my life!  If your car ever breaks down, or you need someone to bail you outta jail, Im there, LOL!  Just kidding, I dont think your that kind of character, by the healing way you lead your life....I just want to let him know, Im forever grateful....so save my number, if you ever need it!
5	So grateful that I found these folks after weeks and weeks with another practitioner whose adjustment held for less than an hour. I hope they find a larger place and expand their services in the years to come....
1	First of all, let me me be upfront and say this is NOT a one star review of the Chiropractor, but a ONE STAR review of their business practice.I bought a groupon 1 hour massage for this business.  When I called and scheduled, they seemed very nice.  Then they called and re-scheduled me for another day.  Even though that was a bit inconvenien for me, I adjusted, because things happen in life.  The day of my massage, on my way to the massage, I got stuck on a police barricade, and got to my massage at 5:20 pm instead of 5pm.  They made me fill out paper work and put me in the room for the massage.  Massage started at 5:30.  Little bit into the massage, the therapist says..."i'm sorry, but this massage will be only for 30 minutes since you were late".  I asked her if she had someone after me, and she said, "no, but that's our policy".  So, their policy is NOT to take care of their customer, and shut their door right at 6 pm, no matter what the situation was.Well, why didn't they tell me before I started that let's reschedule for another day, otherwise today you will get only 30 minutes, even though you paid for ONE HOUR?Then when I was leaving the Chiropractor came out, heard what happened, and told me we would like to make it upto you, but offered me nothing concrete beside his empty words.  He said that was his policy, not his staff's.  SO, YOUR POLICY IS TO SHUT THE DOOR AT 6PM SHARP, EVEN IF THAT MEANS YOU HAVE AN UNSATISFIED CUSTOMER ON HAND WHO YOU JUST RIPPED OFF???  I own two businesses in town, and let me tell you, I would have kept my business open for an extra hour if I had to, if that means a happy customer.  Anyway, this is my honest review of thier business practice.    You guys decide on your own if this was my fault or theirs, and if you want to give them your business.  I certainly won't give them my business, and every one I know will know about this.  This type of shady non-chalant business owners give Las Vegas a bad name.  Would it really have cost them a lot of money to keep the place open for extra 30 minutes, OR be upfront with me and reschedule my massage for another day??  I will let your readers decide.
1	The place has No pesonality. The massuse did not introduce herself to me at all. Did not invite me back and did not make any eye contact when I left. Stuff did not aknowledge when I left. Dirty laudry haning around by the bathroom.The massage was quite forgottable! Very poor massaging skills. Instead of 60 minutes it only lasted about 50. I'm glad I only paid $25 via Groupon-did not worth more!Would not recommend or go back again.
5	It all started with a scheduled massage, but continued to snowball when I heard that they would do a discounted alignment after my hour was up. The news only got better when I found out they took Culinary Insurance and my co-pay was $14 instead of the $25. Michele, my masseuse, was friendly and kept me relaxed while she threw elbows into my back and gluts. I am a ball of tense muscles and kinks. It felt good to not have to verbalize what ails me and be worked upon. I left feeling wobbly from how loose I felt.Dr. Shultz was next on the list of visits. He had me in and out in 5 minutes. Three quick adjustments, each came with a frightening popping sound, and I felt brand new.
2	Looked up chiropractors on google, saw that this place had a lot of good reviews. I have really bad lower back pain and needed to see someone asap! Went in on Monday and saw Dr. Schultz. Really nice man, but the sad part was he didn't introduce himself, or ask me for my name. Just asked how I was feeling... Didn't even ask how or when the pain started. The worse part was he thought I was a patient already! Saying I looked better that day. I politely told him this was actually my first time...after that I was really over this place. He didn't give me much advice, didn't really explain what could of possibly happened to my back... I just felt like it was a waste of $$$! Paid $75 for 20 minutes with this guy. The only good thing was how friendly he was...which I don't understand. LolAnyways!! Sadly,  I would not recommend this place. Sorry Dr. Schultz! Wish I could have given a better review!
5	Dr. Shultz is the man! He listens, and shows empathy. This was my first time at a chiropractor because throughout the years, I have heard so many nightmare stories. As soon as I got there, the front office staff was  courteous and explained everything properly. Dr. Shultz's professionalism and talent made my visit an enjoyable experience. I feel better already after the first visit, but I will be back of something ever came up in the future! Highly recommend!
5	Loved this Doc.. I tweaked my back dead lifting and he made it all better great service knowledgeable and friendly staff reasonable price
5	Quick look: Dr. Shultz is a really friendly and knowledgeable doctor. I am VERY picky about where I go when it comes to medical and my doctors. Feel like I made the correct decision with Silverado Chiropractic. In depth review: Read reviews online and narrowed it down to three top contenders based on positive reviews. I called each location and got additional information. The lady who answered the phone at Silverado Chiropractic was the friendliest and most helpful. She explained all the costs and worked with my health insurance. She said she was also able to get me right in to see the doc the following day. The other locations had me waiting up til a week and wanted to order a bunch of procedures that were unnecessary. First visit required that I fill out the standard medical release forms, history and paperwork. It took about 10 minutes max. As soon as I was done I want back to a private adjustment room with Dr. Shultz. Rooms are spacious and very clean. I prefer the private adjustment rooms for privacy. Other locations have you adjusted out in the open and that is just uncomfortable and weird. Dr. Schultz introduced himself and took some time to get to know me and asked why I had come in. Doc then asked me to jump on the table and I had one of the best adjustments that I have ever had. Cracks sounded like tall timbre falling in the forest. Felt wonderful and centered. The adjustment was quick and proper. Under five minutes and yet very thorough. I am also a large guy and Dr. Shultz was able to support and adjust me w/o any issues. Have went back several times and it's always friendly and prompt. I am confident that you would like Silverado Chiropractic and Dr. Shultz. I am able to refer this location with confidence. In fact, I think I just reminded myself that I need an adjustment - calling now to make an appointment.
5	This Dr. Is saving me from a very low quality of life. Kind compassionate and healing hands are just a few good things I can say. He listens to you which in itself deserves 5 stars considering most doctors don't anymore. I am so happy I walked into the office out of pure desperation. My pain is gone my body healed and I have a chiropractor for life.
5	I was turn on to Silverado Chiropractic early 2014 because I had pulled my hip flexor. I have been going to them on a regular sense. I go once a week for a massage and she is amazing and very very reasonable! I also get adjusted every few weeks. I tell everyone to come here!! They have a very friendly staff and always try and accommodate what your needs are. Overall wonderful place
5	Dr. Shultz is amazing! The place is small and kind if hidden by Albertsons but I wouldn't go anywhere else! When no other dr would help me or give me any answers Dr Shultz did. He has helped me so much! I have Thoracic Outlet Syndrome and it gets very painful but Visiting Dr. Shultz has helped me so much!
