3	Seamless Club becomes a dance club at 4 am nightly, or rather, every early morning.  The area in front of the stage becomes a dance floor with the deejay spinning out house music.  It's not a huge space to dance in, but doable.  With go-go dancers abound, you'll also have an eyeful of strippers ready to take you on for a private lap dance.  So, as you listen the pulsating beat, keep your eyes opened for boobs and ass everywhere.  There are A LOT of strippers here for your liking, so when you get tired of dancing, take a seat and have someone dance for you.It's $20/pp for entry fee alone, free for local ladies and $10 for local guys.  There are passes available somewhere, I just haven't figured out where to get them yet.  (Taxis perhaps?)The restrooms are an interesting twist with glass doors that fade dark when you turn the lock. (Just be sure you actually turn the lock completely, otherwise you'll have other patrons watching you pee.)There's a huge parking lot with valet and all that costs some change.  You can try to be daring and park over at New Orleans across the way,   find street parking, or park in private lot nearby.  Just watch out for your car.  We were there last weekend and our car was broken into!  =(  That sucked ass!  Save yourself the trouble and just park in the Seamless parking lot I guess. Dress code - I gotta love this!  They let you up in here wearing sneaks or flip flops.  Then again, I'm a girl, so I guess it doesn't really matter all that much.Sidenote: Drinks are expensive!  A bottle of BOSS water or even a Heineken will cost you $9!
5	I am not going to lie, each time I went to seamless, I was too F... up to ever realize where I was... but it was good times. I remember the girls to be friendly and not pushy, the drinks to be cheap, the bathroom to be super cool and a great time. The dance floor is small but at 7:00 am who cares... everyone is having fun and that's all that matters... I have been there many times. The girls are super friendly. I actually do not like strip clubs and never paid for a dance there... To me seamless is just a cool club to go if it is early in the morning and you do not want the night to end :)
4	We had a good time here! We ended up here after going to The Caesars. We were already pretty wasted. Luckily we had more girls with us then guys. Walked right in. We stayed there till about 7. Drinks are a bit pricey. Bartenders are ok. Coo spot. ; ^ D
4	I'm no veteran of strip clubs, but easily the hottest strippers I have seen were here.  We had a group of 9 for my friend's bachelor party.  We got to go right in without a cover because the cab driver had a hook-up, and also because we bought 3 bottles of vodka (for the price of 2).Shortly after we were in, this smoking-hot Korean stripper takes my hand, and well, next thing I know I'm going for a private session in the back.  She was without question the hottest stripper I've seen, and the $100 was well spent.  She was pretty new to the country, and she liked my "Touch my Monkey?" shirt  =DGot back to our area and started working on the vodka.  Later on this other girl comes up and starts dancing for me there.  I was pretty wasted, kinda lost track of time, and before I knew it, many songs had passed by and I was on the hook for a decent tab--I was too drunk to assert myself in letting her know enough is enough, I was just too lost in the moment to realize or care.  Even after giving her much more than I should have or intended to, she asked me a couple times if I wanted a ($100) private session.  No thank you, haven't you taken enough of my money?!  (Not that I didn't enjoy it--hey, this is why I did all that extra side work for my old boss over the last couple of months).In hindsight, if I was thinking more clearly and knowing I would be spending that much, I would have opted for the $300 half-hour even-more private session with the much hotter first stripper, but it's too late for that.That's the only reason I'm not giving 5 stars--my drunken stupidity, but then again, I'm drunk, and the wrong head is doing the thinking.  We really should have gone for the buy 1 bottle and get the 2nd half-off option, because we didn't even finish the 3rd bottle.  Not even close.  Maybe if we were all completely sober, but we were drinking before that at Drai's.  We were down 1 man to a nasty spider bite earlier in the day and also my brother doesn't drink.We left around 5:45 AM and stumbled home to the condo we were staying at (free time-share from our friend) and crashed until 2 pm the next afternoon).  Anyway, if you're looking for an after-hours strip-club outing, this is the place to be.
5	We left around 9am.  That is apparently a pretty early time to leave Seamless.  A very memorable time here although I was a little out of it.  Good times all around.  Definitely would love to go back.  Limo rides to and from were even more memorable. I think the limo ride there is reimbursed with paid cover.
1	This place combines the worst parts of a strip club and the worst parts of a dance club into a high priced disaster.First of all there's a sizable cover and if this was a normal strip club you'd at least get to see naked girls.  Not so here as there was maybe one topless girl there the whole night.  On top of not getting naked the girls continuously ask you to buy them dances or drinks.  Lame.The club part isn't any better either and though the music was ok, no one was dancing.  Maybe it was the night we were there but I know I won't be going there again to find out.
1	1 STAR CLUB, 5 STAR PRICES.  This place is SOOO GHETTO! If you like hanging out with "homeys" and a lot of ethnic girls (or wannabe ethnic girls) with tattoos, then this is the place for you!  THese girls are sharks, so beware. THey try and come on to you and pitch a $400 session in the back room. I was drunk and didnt care cause it was already 4am when we got there. Small bottles of water were selling for $10ea!!! what the?!! I got a dance for $250 in the back room and all she did was sit next to me and let me grope her a little bit while she kept taunting me to give her another $200 !!! . what a ripoff! I ONly a very few of the girls here were even worth the time to look at. I will definitely never go back.
1	If you are in Las Vegas DO NOT I repeat DO NOT waste your time at this strip club first off they try to suck you in by hanging out flyers for a "free limo pick up" and when they pick you up it's a huge shuttle bus that take you to the middle of no where. I mean since it's free we couldn't really complain. What made it worst is when you get there it's not even fully nude the girls barely even take their top off they just move it over to the side. These are the nastiest girls I have ever seen (and believe me coming from someone that has gone to every strip club there is in San Francisco I know what I'm talking about) they either have a big ass with man boobs or they have no ass and fake ass double d's with no nipples! YES I seen a girl there that had no nipple! What the!?! It just sucks that Seamless was the only strip club we went to in Vegas out of all place.Just to top it off the worst night I had in Vegas all due to Seamless they were suppose to give us a ride back to the strip but the big ass shuttle they provided took an hour to get back to the club because NO ONE called them and when it finally got there, there was something wrong with it. No one cared they didn't even offer to call us a cab. So we ended up having to call a cab ourselves back to our hotel. Word of advise if you are in Vegas and you want to have a good time stay as far away from Seamless as you can. If I could there would not even one star but that was the lowest I could put down.
3	We had a good time here, glad I didnt read the reviews before going or I think we would have skipped it and missed out.  Didnt find the girls to be pushy at all, which was nice.  I almost wished they had been a little more pushy to be honest...haha.  As with almost EVERY strip club, there were pretty girls and not so pretty girls but more pretty than not. There was a good mix of everything you might be looking for, to be honest.   My husband and I both got a killer dance from 2 different chicks, so no complaints there. I only gave this three stars because once it turned into a nightclub (4 a.m. or later?? dont remember, ohh thats bad LOL) it kinda started sucking a little as it got jammed packed and it was difficult to see the girls.  Took off around 5 and it was still jammin. Fun experience overall.
4	Seamless - cool strip club, they way it is set up is like half strip club half club. They have private tables where you can get bottle service. It almost seems like there are less girls walking around so I think that's why it feels more like a club. 4 Stars, one of the best strip clubs in vegas. Lol! Everyone can walk in here without feeling like a big perv.
4	cool place, but they need a system to seat people.  my hubby n i went and the girls were nice and cute. we had to find our own seats out front though. drinks were ok, nothing special. didn't notice where the club part was...out by 5am
3	the cover to get in there was a rip!!    the guy at the door was a dick head and had a dumb tuff guy attitude. Afterhours here is the shit though..get a table and bring more chicks then guys with you to.
1	This place was disgusting and appalling.  Any woman that lets her man go here is out of her mind.  I went with my boyfriend and some friends, and I was so disgusted I had to leave after 5 minutes. you might as well throw the money down the toilet.
3	Ahem.So after our wedding, we headed over to the Orleans to hang with the psychos we had invited. Yours truly apparently had consumed the magic number of frosty refreshing adult beverages, and thought it would be hilarious to go to a strip club while still in our nuptial finery.So a group of us stagger across the street.The very friendly door staff tell us about the cover charge and drink prices, and helpfully inform us that we might save money as a whole if we chip in for the $500 booth and bottle service. What pals. Whatever, it's a special day and we do it.All the mixers are free and the girls pour for you, and the booth is up front and big and fluffy and cozy. And black. This is important.To say we had a rip-roarin' good time would be an understatement, but what happens in Vegas.........HOWEVERThis cute little mostly naked girl comes over and cuddles up with us all. She's wearing a black thong and a teensy tiny little strip of black material up top. See where this is going?Five minutes after taking off said scrap of cloth, we're done giving her cash, so she's on her way. But can't find her top. And accuses us of STEALING it!!  WTF?!?! I might have asked to borrow it. If I needed to clean my glasses. That's about how big it was.So she calls security, who threatens to call the cops. Only to find it had been flung behind the couch. Probably by her. Evil Tramp.So they leave us alone. No apology, no nuthin'We were pissed and would have stormed out, but we still had $250 worth of Capt. Morgan to drink. That would be one 750ml bottle. But I still say it's worth it, (for a strip club) 'cuz you don't water down your own drinks, right?It gets 3 stars because it is really clean. And the girls (except you, evil tramp) are really really athletic and talented.
2	Took a limo here after Tryst. It's free because the strip clubs pay the limo drivers a little something for every person they get to go to their club. Entering you see a coo looking chick  on display at the entrance. Seems good so far till we got in, sat our table, and was attacked by a group of not so nice looking strippers (don't want to be mean).  They were really pressuring us to buy a lap dance. I'm coo. Not worth my $20.  There was one really hot one there, I believe her name was Irie, but we barely got to see her because attack of the wack strippers was all up in our faces. LOL!
