5	While on lunch a week or so ago I saw the signage for this new location, and on a 100 degree Sunday afternoon I figured it was time to check it out.I had been to the Bell Rd location before so I knew what to expect for the most part.  It was nice to see this location is a bit larger, as the Bell Rd location seems cramped (if not as well laid out).  There are 16 flavors to choose from, and a spread of toppings ranging from fruit to cereal to candy bars to you name it.  At 39 cents per ounce you won't be breaking the bank unless you fill their largest tub to the brim.  They also have a loyalty card that (unless my math sucks) equals out to a free $5 cup for every $50 spent.
4	Thank you thank you thank you !! I  want to thank the people that made this place happen ....you have made all my dreams come true. Imagine a delicious yogurt shop with super fun flavors like peanut butter, chocolate mint, cake batter and so many more.  I used to have to travel to  Yogurtland or Jujuberry  but not anymore , now we have one right in the hood!! Guess what?   instead of eating a normal lunch I can pig out with a healthy peanut butter yogurt smothered in chocolate chips.   Could be the perfect lunch!!  See you there!
5	This place was fantastic. Great yogurt & topping selections. Affordable prices. Helpful staff. Modern and clean decor. This was my first self serve yogurt experience and I will be back. One thing I especially liked is that by each yogurt flavor they have the amount of calories and fat listed by it.  I will be back when I'm on that side of town!
5	I seriously feel guilty that I like Yogurtini so much.... I decided at the beginning of the summer to make it my mission to try as many froyo places as possible because I wanted to prove my never ending love for Yogurtology... then I discovered Yogurtini.  Now I kinda just feel like I'm cheating.Not only is Yogurtini's froyo super smooth and perfectly flavored, they have angel food cake flavor!  The topping bar at Yogurtini is outrageous and the atmosphere is great.  Yogutini has enough seating to host large groups and they advertise free wifi which makes makes me feel like I should grab my laptop and make myself at home.Yogurtini is a must try!
5	The best non-fat treat you deserve! It's self-serve so you decide how much frozen yogurt you want from the many flavor choices, then choose from about 70 different toppings, they weigh it and you pay! Fabulous taste, so many toppings, love it!
5	I'm a big fan of froyo so when I saw the 5 stars on Yelp for Yogurtini as I happened to be in the area, I had to give it a try.The atmosphere in Yogurtini is great.  The decor is very clean with seafoam green walls and seats.  Plenty of room for big groups.  There was a girl who was wearing the exact same colored shirt as the walls because she must've loved Yogurtini so much (yes she was a customer, not an employee).Alright, down to the meaty details. I was surprised by the froyo selection. They had more variety of yogurts and toppings than most other froyo shops in the valley.Then when we least expected, Yogurtini threw a cherry on top. We started to taste samples and it was some of the best froyo we've ever had. They were creamy and rich like ice cream, but still healthy. I've been to many places where the froyo tastes like well yogurt, but these were fantastic!The price is good, at $0.39/lb, it is on par with others. I'm definitely coming back here for the great froyo and funny customers with tacky outfits.
4	Love this Yogurtini's! It's serves its purpose. I get in, atmosphere is pleasant,surroundings are cute , seafoam green and white colors are charming. They seem to have plenty of flavors to choose from and so far I dont have a any negative things to say about this place. Probably a bit more crazy and filled with kids during the summer time or any vacation time for that matter, but thats true for any place. Last time I went in around Christmas time 2011 they had Maple & Bacon donut flavor-I know, sounds gross. I didn't have any but the hubby did and he liked it. I will stick to the "House Tart "and  "Coconut ",oh and my fave flavor " Apple Tartini" yuuuum.. Place is always  pretty clean too, thank goodness for that!
5	When there's like a 100 different topping choices, pay per ounce isn't always the best thing.  Mmmmmmm it's so good though.  Worth every cent!  Every employee I've encountered has been friendly.  The place is really large with a lot of tables.  My only recommendation is to set up a few tables outside.  On a lovely Phoenix evening, enjoying froyo outside would be heavenly.Yummmmmmmm.... I'm going to have to go there tomorrow.
5	This place is just about as good as it gets for frozen yogurt.  There are far more than enough types of yogurt to choose from and you get to test them all out if you want and see just which one you are in the mood for.  There are some more decadent choices here and some that are under and 100 calories a serving, so there is something for everyone to choose fromOnce you finally decide which yogurt you want, and trust me that's no easy task, you get to pick your own toppings.  There is a pretty big size topping bar that has just about every type of topping you can think of.  There is a bunch of fruit toppings to pick from, all kinds of candy toppings, some nuts, sprinkles, there's even a few different types of cereal you can sprinkle on.  At the end of that you have to decide whether or not you are going to put any syrups on there.If at the end of the night, or anytime for that matter, you are craving a little something sweat that won't blow your calorie count for the rest of the week this is the place to do it.
5	This is my favorite frozen yogurt place. Always lots of great flavors, great toppings. It's always clean, and the staff is always friendly.
5	This place has some pretty darn good yogurt. It is another place where they don't let you get your own samples, but other than that not bad. They have a great selection of toppings too.
4	I love this place and their selections! They always have red velvet unlike the places that switch out their flavors (ahem, ahem MoJo, yogurtology, etc)!!!!! their newest featured flavors are the bananalicious and hawaiin something and their BOTH delish!The ONLY reason they didnt get 5 stars from me is because......THEY DONT FREAKING HAVE JUICE POPPERS!!!! how do you not have juice poppers!?  EVERYONE LOVES JUICE POPPERS!!!
5	OMG-I have found a place I like better than Cold Stone! Went there for the first time and the cashier noticed we looked lost. He explained everything and told us we could sample ALL the yogurt, and I did! I didn't have to wait for someone to give me my sample I got it myself. I sampled all that sounded good. The Dulce de Leche was Awessome. Some of the other yogurts I had was coconut, cookies and cream, and cheescake. All soo yummy. So I got a mix of yogurt and then I got to the toppings and aww man more decisions. They had a lot  candy, chocolate bars, cereal, fruit toppings to choose from. Anyhow love that you can make your own and get as much or little you want. Oh yeah did I mention it's healthy.  Love you Yogurtini!!!
5	The sprite interior reminded me of Hemingway's, "A Clean Well-Lighted Place". A great place to enjoy something sweet. Flavor choices are so many that you realize that you can' t try them all in one cup and will have to return again and again.
5	Love this place!!  Clean, many flavors, many toppings, and inviting.  Got the red velvet, cheesecake, and birthday cake batter.  YUMMY!  I topped off with capital crunch, mixed nuts, and brownies.  SO good!!!
5	Omg, I LOVE this place!!! Can that be enough for you, or must I add more? :)Here's a rundown of Yogurtini's awesomeness:1) Free samples until you DIE! (Or until you run out of those little free sample cone-things...)2) Tons of flavors!!! My faves?: Cheesecake, Peanut Butter, Chocolate, and Red Velvet. The bf likes Vanilla and the Dulce de Leche (it's really sweet!)3) Tons of toppings!! Lots of fruit, weird random cereal toppings (Cap'n Crunch, holla!), granola, etc.4) Good price! Two small sized bowls filled to the top (and stuffed with toppings) are just under $8 (and you will be full, trust me)5) Loyalty card!! Doooo it....6) The staff are friendly and nice, and they know what they're doing. I've never had a problem with them being rude or catering to their friends over paying customers, which is more than I can say for some froyo places (coughYogurtologycough)There's nothing about this place I don't absolutely love!
5	So many different topping choices it's crazy!  I'm a big fan of frozen yogurt and this place fits the bill.  When I saw the birthday cake batter I knew I had found true love.  :)Check it out!
5	What struck me most is the cool, relaxing design of the interior - think sky blue, cream, and shiny metal - very sociable atmosphere.  There are also unlimited samples, so you can try every individual flavor of yogurt (there are 12 or so, I think), and there are some REALLY good flavors, such as cake batter and eggnog.  It's an entirely DIY design, so you create your dish the way you want it until you reach the register where it is weighed.  I found the pricing to be very neat, since you pay by the ounce; therefore, you essentially pay for however much yogurt and toppings you choose!The location is a bit hidden though, since it is around the corner from a wholesale store (Fry's I think?), but this is not enough to knock off a star.This place is FANTASTIC.  When will we have one in SE Michigan?  I can hardly wait.
4	Great option for when no one can decide what to do. Love all of the options, and that you pay by weight.
5	I love this place!!!! They always have a great selection of frozen yogurt along with toppings, the staff is always extremely helpful and polite, and they keep the place really clean! There hours also allow for any late night cravings to be satisfied! I am going to be moving soon and am extremely bummed that there is not a yogurtini by our new place!
5	Yum! Yogurtini is delicious! I like the suggested mixes on the board. I do not like the line of contemplating customers who feel the need to sample every single flavor but that comes with the territory when you frequent yogurt shops. I love the mint flavor with some dark chocolate chips and andes mint bits.
5	Great flavors... awesome selection.... tasty Yogurt.... I wish this place would replace the crappy place near my house!
4	I enjoy coming here. They have a great selection & no added sugar. I don't do the toppings but they have a great selection of toppings.
3	We usually stop by this location after dinner.  It is always crowded and sometimes hard to find a space to sit.  However, that night there was a foul smell possibly that of sewage problem.  I was surprised there were so many people still sitting around.  We got our yogurt and left quickly.  That smell was so unbearable.  At least, no one was sick from eating yogurt.
4	Honestly all these yogurt places are the same to me. As long as the yogurt tastes good and they go mochi I'm happy. This place was good and has a lot of fresh toppings. What more do you need from a trendy yogurt shop.
5	As always this place rocks. Always good service and great selection of favors. Absolutely the place to go if you want to watch your calories. I may never eat regular ice cream again.
4	Man this place has good frozen yogurt and the toppings are even better! You can't go wrong here.
3	So I pass by here just about 600 times a year.  I just don't do dessert often.  Deb L was hosting the early part of a fundraiser for Sunburst school so I finally stopped in.  The place looks bright and shiny new still after over 2 years.  The young woman at the register was pleasant.  With all the flavors of yogurt and toppings, I chose to keep it simple with cheesecake yogurt topped with strawberries and chocolate sauce.   It was ok but for only a little more for about the same size serving I could have had a premium ice cream or gelato.  When you only indulge in sweet stuff occasionally it needs to be special.:)
4	I love this place. No matter what your mood is you're gonna be able to get your fix. Winter wire chocolate is the most amazing flavor, much better than I expected. Store is clean and staff is always sweet and friendly.
5	Not usually a fan of short changing my ice cream experience with yogurt, but the experience, selection of flavors, updated flavors, topping selections, friendly service, and clean dining experience are fantastic. Not to mention my picky 7 year old loves to know she will enjoy her treat by sampling it first. The toppings are a story to behold when she gets going too. We have made this a regular haunt and bring friends and family there all the time. Keep up the good work.
4	This place is highly addicting. I always get the same mix. Praline anything orChocolate with peanut butter m&ms, slivered almonds and Heath pieces. Spend 50$ get 5$ off. At one point in Time I got 5$ off 3 times in one month. That says something doesn't it? Lol
4	Love it here! It's always clean and workers are friendly. Please bring back pistachio!!!
