5	I can't recommend this company highly enough. Eco-Fresh is based in Scottsdale. They specialize in green carpet, area rug, and upholstery cleaning throughout the valley.I moved into an older condo in February. The previous owner had been here 20 years, owned pets, and was pretty lax about cleaning.The day before I moved, I had Eco-Fresh in to take care of the carpet as well as my area rug and sofa. Eco-Fresh uses Green Seal Certified products, and there's nothing but a "clean" smell after they've finished.The techs were punctual, competent, and friendly. The charges were exactly as estimated, and the results were fantastic. I had them back yesterday to clean the sofa (it's vintage, the upholstery is unique, and my cat lives on it). The service was again impeccable, and the results again perfect.Philip, June, and staff will answer all questions about alternative cleaning methods and are very responsive about scheduling.  If you're interested in greening your home, or if you have rugs and furniture that need gentleness, this company is a great choice!
5	eco-fresh is great!  highly recommended.  they came to my house, picked up my (very) dirty, beloved 12'x8' wool rug.  i was in the middle of a move and we arranged for it to be delivered to my new address, which it was with no problems.  my rug is now soft and beautifully clean, with no chemicals!  they really did a wonderful job!  the price was just what they quoted me and totally, totally worth it.
1	I hired EcoFresh to clean 2 rugs and my formal living room couch and loveseat after our move.Unfortunately I didn't have a good experience with them and the end result is 3 cushions on the couch and loveseat are ruined. I called Ecofresh the day after they came to do the cleaning of my belongings to inform them that I had noticed some spots on my couch/loveseat after they cleaned and it looked like the fabric had been bleached. They sent one of their technicians out a few days later to redo the bleached areas and I ended up with blue stained cushions. I called them again to inform them of the blue stains that were now on my cushions and again they sent their same technician out again to redo the same cushions for the 3rd time. I ended up with 'bleached stained' looking cushions again. I continued my communication after 4 weeks in regards to the damaged cushions (4th call) with Ecofresh and they asked if they could come pick up the cushions and examine them at their shop.After a week without my cushions, I had to call and follow-up with Ecofresh to see what the outcome was after they took my cushions to their shop to examine and asked if I could pick them up from them, but then I was informed that they were at a different business unrelated to Ecofresh in downtown Phoenix, at 'McFarland Carpet Service'. They sent my cushions to a different business owner and he had nothing to do with my cushions. At this point I spoke with Phillip (the owner of Ecofresh) and he seemed unremorseful about this whole situation and mishap.   I informed Phillip of having a few upholstery professionals examine the spots on my couch and he indicated to me that they needed an 'ICR certification' and if they didn't have this certification that their opinion didn't matter or qualify.After picking up my cushions and finding out that McFarland Carpet service was NOT ICR certified and was not sure why Ecofresh brought my cushions to him, Phillip proceed to call me back and say that he was sorry and he would be refunding me my money for the cleaning service. Phillip then indicated to me that he was going to get an 'ICR certified' person for upholstery to come examine my cushions so we could find out why this happened.  I was please of this news.Phillip had Oscar from Bailey's furniture come out examine my couch. When I called Oscar to coordinate a time for him to come he indicated that he did business with Ecofresh and he was NOT "ICR" certified. Oscar came out and examined my couches and indicated to me that they used the wrong product on my couches and he would let Ecofresh know the damage they had done, since they supposedly hired him to look at my furniture.At this point it has been about 5 weeks since I began the whole process with Ecofrech. They said they were going to refund me (last week) the charges for the services and in the case the damage was their fault they would pay for it. I have not seen a check for the refund for the services and no resolution on my damaged couches. From the 2 individuals as well as Oscar from "Baileys Furniture" (that Ecofresh hired) there is about $ 4,000 worth of damage.I would NOT recommend EcoFresh and I wish them the best of luck in their business if this is how they treat their customers.
