5	AS far as libraries go, this one is a keeper.  Beautiful building, great selection, and lots of space to work or read.  I can't complain.
5	I love this library. Love it. It is beautiful and quite large with a quiet room full of magazines (you can check out the ones from the previous months), piles of documentary DVDs, quiet corners to sit/hide in, screened porches that are open during the non-winter months, four self-check stations, an open area where you can fetch your own holds (and thanks to the wonders of technology you don't have to worry about somebody snaking your long-awaited stuff away from you), bunches of computers with access to the internet (even if you had to bring your impatient 3-year-old who thinks the word 'quiet' means 'be louder'), and a great used-book store run by some very sweet retirees. And that's just the stuff I've used. There are two different graphic novel sections: one for adults and one for kids. Finally, maybe my *most* favorite thing, is the Staff Picks section. It's mostly books but with a few DVDs too; I've found some worthy stuff there. There are dedicated children's librarians, friendly people at the information/reference desk (with little plaques that say please interrupt us), and book returns both inside and out. I've always been pro-library, but this place is just unbelievable. I feel so lucky to live near it.
5	I am a little biased - I worked in a library all through high school and into college. I also love books, I own A LOT of them, ask my husband, he just moved them all. So, I really haven't met a library I haven't liked, but the Sun Prairie library is top notch. Having recently re-located to the Sun Prairie area one of the places I really wanted to check out was the library. It did not disappoint. Here are the aspects of it that really stuck out to me: The snack shop - what a great idea! Who doesn't lose track of time at the library and need a little refueling? The ceilings and overall structure - very elegant. The staff - always kind and helpful. Not the stereotypical librarian who constantly shushes you. Plenty of places to sit and read undisturbed, unless you have children that is. The children's area. Screened in porch Plenty of activities and programing Reservable community rooms
