4	I love this place. I live in San Diego, but have to visit about once a year to deal with my rental properties,,,,,,,after driving around looking for a non chain dive bar, I spotted this place......it's more like a sports bar, micro brews,,,,,tv's and the food is pretty darn good.  Makes dealing with rentals almost something to look forward to. I don't classify it as a dive bar though,,,don't think that.....it's nice.
3	This place is ok.  The bartenders are friendly and the beer is cold.  The food is average at best.  It could really use some updating inside.
1	Man, this place sucks. The service was awful. The server forgot my husband's drink. The food took a long time to come out. We ordered cheese sticks for $7.49, it came with only 5 cheese sticks. They charged us .50 cents for ranch even though it says on the menu that the cheese sticks come with ranch. Our server disappeared halfway through our dinner. Just as bad experience all together. Its a convenient place because its connected to the Best Western, but its overpriced. Avoid Hoot & Howl.
1	This place is bad all around, the food, the drinks, and the service. I saw the bartender go outside and smoke and make out with some guy and then come in without washing hands. Majorly gross!!
4	Turkey bacon melt with guac. Delicious! They also handmake the onion rings. Beer was cold. Food was hot. I recommend this place at least once
4	Hoot & Howl is an excellent / yet average place.  This is NASCAR country!Love the atmosphere.   We (the Sales & Marketing Staff from PIR and a few others) used to go every year to watch the Gatorade Duels (the qualifying race for the Daytona 500).The top brass would be in Daytona for the race...   so we would head out and watch the races at Hoot & Howl.    They have  a cool room that looks like a living room.  Couch, chairs, TV & fireplace (I think)...   cool place to hang out.Worth a try... go with some friends, you'll like it.
1	This "restaurant" is, quite possibly, the worst place I have ever eaten - and I've traveled through Arkansas, so that's saying something.  The waitress was only mildly interested in being there, and our dining experience only went downhill from there.  The food was among the most mediocre I have ever eaten.  The BBQ sliders (dry pork with a drop or two of sauce and some cole slaw) I got for an appetizer were barely appetizing.  My entree was an 8-oz sirloin (because, at 6:00 on a Tuesday, they were out of the only other cut of steak on the menu), which was completely without flavor.  Ordered with grilled onions, it arrived with mushrooms on it, and when I sent it back for grilled onions, it came out covered in raw onions that had been dropped on the grill for less than 10 seconds.  The accompanying beer-battered onion rings were uninspiring, as were the steak fries. And the atmosphere - it is very hard to describe.  The decor is ambitious and has some potential - but it needs people to liven it up.  It won't, however, get people with the lackluster food and service.  Generally, the place seemed like an old adult book store where someone decided to serve food.
3	This review is for the drinkers!If it wasn't for the $1 beers after 10pm I wouldn't be as big of a fan I must admit. Cheap drinks is always a huge plus for any bar for me. Sometimes you just want to go out and drink than to stay home and drink. This is the place for me when there's nothing else to do!  The bartender is a cool girl. Cute too. The place is pretty laid back so don't expect a club type bar, or to pick up chicks. My friends and I always seem to be the loudest but everyone seems to be cool with us, so don't be put off by the laid back feel. My drinker friends who like the mixed drinks say they are generous when it comes to the alcohol in the drink. ( That means "Damn that's good!" ) I've never tried the food. So I can't say much about that.
3	More bar than restaurant. The food is what you would expect from a bar. They have a dartboard. They have their own draft called hoot - available by pitcher. Interesting decor - movies, sports, etc. Excellent, friendly service.
1	The place was pretty empty.  Service was friendly.  I ordered a French Dip.  awful awful awful   The dip-I have no clue what it was.  Something was on the bottom and it was clear on top.  It tasted like water that had coloring in it.  The nasty "swiss cheese?"  I can assure you that it was not Swiss cheese.  pretty lousy
