5	Raw Fitness is not the cheapest place around by any means.  If however, you're looking for intense Cross-Fit / TRX / Boot-Camp kick your ass into shape and then quite a bit beyond just for good measure, then stop by and see what RF has to offer.The spacious facility is one of the larger and cleaner facilities I have come across in Vegas.  The staff is incredibly friendly and motivating.  A whole-self approach is taken at RF that is more about lifestyle living than it is about an exercise program.  RF is a serious place for dedicated individuals (or those desiring to be dedicated to something) to work hard and push themselves.  The facility is about the training and void of a studio feel with pleasant showers and amenities...this is where you come to train, period!  Additionally, some cool incentives are offered to individuals that reach their goals!  Goals are tough, but rewards are high.  Finally, they have a great heart for the community.  I first came into contact with RF by way of a yoga benefit that they were hosting, and applaud them for their genuineness and desire to help those in those around them.
5	If your time is limited yet you value your health and fitness Raw is the place...l get so much done in just one hr. the trainers are very passionate about what they do and craft every workout to keep you coming back the next day wanting more.
5	Best place to get your @$$ in gear! After having two babies (back to back a yr apart) my hubby and I both gained pregnancy weight lol found Raw through a FB post about a fitness challenge. Lose 20lbs in 6 weeks and get your $ back. Sounds simple enough right?! Lol it's was some good awesome butt kicking boot camp style workouts. Every trainer there is awesome, friendly & motivating. The owners take pride in their pupils big & small. They guide you every step of the way and push you far beyond your goals. They promote a community for all their members to hold each other accountable. It's not the cheapest gym but it's comparable pricing to a crossfit gym but way better. If you want results come here and ditch those other guys (LVAC & 24hr). They're worth a visit and inquire about their fitness challenge or a free class to test the waters.
5	When I first saw the advertisement on Facebook, I was a little skeptical, but because I was sick and tired of being fat, I said why not! I have absolutely nothing to lose. So I went. Listen to Justin talk and it was a done deal. This challenge has changed me a lot. I'm more conscious about the food I eat. I workout at 5am every morning except for the weekends. I like the new me and this journey I'm going on. It's awesome. I even found my way back to the gym and was able to get rid of some of the ring rust. I probably said this before but I'm so thankful for you guys because you gave me back my motivation. I'm staying hungry and game on! Peace out fat cells! Be gone! You are no longer welcome in this house!So if you are looking to change your life, Justin and his team will help you get there. It's up to you if you are ready to make that commitment.
5	Tired of feeling sick and tired and overweight, I checked this place out after seeing my old boss check in here on a daily basis. Took the 6 week challenge and lost 24 pounds! Workouts are intense, trainers actually want to help you reach your goals & they create a sense of family that you can't get at the bigger gyms like LVAC, Gold's, 24 Hr Fitness, etc. I've been in a funk lately, but the friends I have made there reach out to get me back. If you are ready to make a change in your life, this place will help you do it. Give them a try!!! I LOVE MY RAW FITNESS FAMILY!!!!!
1	I'm not new to working out just trying a different gym. Constant shit talking and if I don't like and listen to everything he says on Facebook I'm out. I joined a gym not Facebook.
