5	As my last weeks in the 'burgh approached, I realized that I hadn't spent nearly enough time outside of the cities. To solve this problem, my friend Mike and I booked a three day tour with Macbackpackers.  I'll admit that going into the tour, I didn't care at all who I booked with.  Coming back, I wouldn't book with anyone else.  Macbackpackers is the only fully Scottish owned and operated tour company in Edinburgh, and I highly recommend them.  Our tour guide, Graeme had grown up in the highlands and knew their story intimately. He provided an incredibly rich background to everything that we saw and experienced. Additionally, he had the best color commentary and sense of humour I've ever heard.  If I stopped laughing for more than a few minutes during the tour, it was either because I was hanging off every word of his enthralling tales or my jaw was hanging open in response to the incredible beauty I was experiencing.If you're in Scotland, you absolutely MUST visit the Highlands. If you visit the Highlands, you absolutely MUST go with Macbackpackers
3	While I absolutely love Edinburgh, I decided it was time for a quick trip to the Highlands.  I did look at a lot of tour companies, but I guess I am also testing this out for my students...  so Macbackpackers seemed like the best option as it is geared toward the younger crowd and was a reasonable price.  Booking online was super easy, so already a bonus.  Finding the hostel was easy as well, and close to a Starbucks so when you have to be there at 7:45 a.m., you can get your caffeine fix.I printed my receipt/confirmation, but it wasn't even looked at (but I would still take it just in case).  The tour guide/driver was there at 7:45 a.m., but there was no intro or anything like that until 8 a.m. when we were on the coach ready to go...  so it was a bit pointless to be there that early (yes, when it comes to me and my sleep... every minute counts).  Anyway, Michael was our guide, he talked a bit, and then played Scottish music or music by Scottish artists.  Glad there was a mix of music because while I appreciate bagpipes, there's only so much I can take.  Did appreciate the Scottish folk songs, which played when relevant, really added to the experience.There were 11 of us and just about everyone else slept through the tour, which I think annoyed the guide because he didn't feel like anyone was listening to him, but I was.  Lots of history, lots of stories which was nice, but would've liked some more stories...  more of the thing that maybe only locals would know because those are the things you can't look up.  I know it means that it would take a little longer, but a couple more stops, just on and off the bus to take pictures would be nice as it is difficult to snap pictures when you're speeding along the twisting and narrow roads.  Wasn't necessarily a fan of some of the stops...  and if you're not a fan of the large tourist stops, you probably won't like them either.We got to Loch Ness at about 12:30 p.m., giving me enough time to run to the supermarket, grab a sandwich and crisps, then get on one of the boat trips.  The boat trip is about an hour long and 11 quid with your Macbackpackers discount.  I liked the relaxing trip, but I don't know if it was really worth it.  I would've liked more time in Fort Augustus to wander about.  Some of the people in our group were late (20 minutes...so I guess I could've had a wee wander), but as a result we did get to see the swing bridge in action and boats going through the canal.  We did get to go for a wee walk at a viewpoint in Glencoe, another tea and pee break, and a stop to see Hamish the hairy coo.  We did arrive back in Edinburgh an hour earlier than anticipated...  so I guess it actually is possible to add a couple more photo stops in there.Overall it was a nice trip, wished our guide had been a bit more lively, but then again our group wasn't very lively either.  Glad I did it, but was expecting a little more.
5	This is THE BEST WAY to see the Scottish Highlands!  Our group of 3 was stuck in Skye stressing about the fact that you can't get around the island at all without a car when we came across the Skye day tour operated by Macbackpackers.  It turns out we joined Ruthie and her crew on their 5-day tour, and we had a fantastic day around Skye!  In fact, we had so much fun, we stuck around for another day and followed the tour to Inverness - abandoning our pre-booked, non-refundable train tickets.  That's how good of a time we had.As a tour guide, Ruthie did not seem like she was doing a job at all - she was energetic, excited to tell us as many stories as possible, and very good fun!  The structure of the day is a "loose guideline" - the tour guides are encouraged to follow their hearts and the guidance of the weather gods in Scotland, so each day might be a little different.  We spent a lot of time out of the minibus, which is really nice.  We also had regular stops to stock up on food at grocery stores to make sure we could eat cheaply for those on a budget.  In Skye and around Inverness, we had two days of good weather and took great advantage of it!  I was able to see SO MUCH of Scotland (and the un-touristy bits too, to boot!) in the two days I was part of this group.Ruthie told us all kinds of interesting folklores about the giants and monsters in Skye, and the history of Scottish battles in Scotland, while she maneuvered the minibus around single-lane mountain roads - and all with a big smile on her face.  Thank you, Macbackpackers, and thank you Ruthie for our awesome two days!!!!  We'll be sure to recommend you to all of our friends looking to discover Scotland.
