1	If I had an option of giving no stars, I would. I called in to make an appointment. They asked me for my insurance card and I asked them to verify to see if the insurance will  pay for the service. This was on friday. On monday I called and they said yes, you are good to go. Few weeks later I get a bill in the mail for $171 to pay for the service. I think that's awful costumer service and I will never go there again and also pass the word to my doctor not to refer anyone there since the doctor asked for my input. Very disappointed.........
5	Aris Physical Therapy is as professional and efficient as it gets. At age 71 I have a diagnosis of advanced arthritis in my left hip. My doctor told me that the only reason that I have good pain management and not overdue for a hip replacement is because I have done serious resistance training in the gym for the past 14 years. The muscles and tendons around the hip joint are strong. Al and his team at Aris are working with me to increase range of motion and fine tune my lifting techniques to keep keep things strong to avoid surgery in the future. The sessions are 90 minutes and they are teaching me stretching and additional exercises that will help keep me pain free without drugs or surgery. Al is an athlete himself, knows his way around a gym and understands the exercises that I do and have available in the gym.
5	My son has been coming here for a couple of years now and they are great. He is an athlete who had many growth issues during his sophomore year in high school he is now a senior going to university in the fall as a student athlete. I don't think this would be happening if he hadn't received the treatment and attention he has from Aris. I totally disagree with the lady who gave one star (she seems to like the one star approach). He still goes a few times a month for maintenance and to make sure all body parts are doing what they should be. Would highly recommend this group.
5	After surgery to reattach a bicep tendon, ARIS was the only place on the west side that my surgeon trusted to do the rehab. I have been going three times a week for 2 months and the progression has been excellent. Always on time, usually if arrive a few minutes early are whisked in right away. Al and the staff are very knowledgable. Tip: if coming from the 101 use Union Hills then south on 67th way quicker than Bell
