4	Neat little thing to check out if you are downtown. Its on fremont and 8th, just a block away from container park so it's super convenient. Free admissions, lots of lights! They just charge for photos, ice skating, sledding, and food trucks. If you're looking for a fun, free christmas adventure, this is the place to go! It's filled with Christmas trees, lights, and a giant tree right in the center. They also have free shows in the lounge area. Plenty of seating but it might get packed closer to the holiday.
1	K its a Thursday night at 7:00 pm and this place was a ghost town.... Very sad by this told my 4 year old about this got in the car and pull up and YEP IT CLOSED. WHy promote this and downtown wants local business but if you cant have the places open how will that happen....See my review on the BBQ place at the container park Big Ern's BBQ. It just was a crapping evening in DOWNTOWN tonight
3	Snow.  Freakin' snow in Downtown?!  Well, I'm not sure if they make it with a giant snow machine or if they hired all the mobile snow cone trucks to make it?  Some how Zappos brought "snow" slides and ice skating to Las Vegas.  Directly across from the Container park.  The lot that is dubbed "Winter Wonderland" boasts X-mas trees for sale, food trucks, inflatable lounge seating around heater poles and a huge wall of bright lights.  Lets not forget the humongous lit up X-mas tree in the center of it all.  The desert kids get to have a taste of what it's like to have a white Christmas.You may enter free but sliding down the big tall snow sledding slope is $10 for 5 slides.  Not a bad fee at all!  Snow play is $5, whatever that is?  My 3 year old was so exited to go down the slide with me.  I am not a little dude so we probably went down way faster and farther than anyone else this year, lol.  One thing my boy learned is that snow is cold!  Freezing cold.  Good thing they had those heater lounges set up.  The kids love love loved running around Winter Wonderland and I would like to recommend this Holiday newcomer to all parents and couples.  Be smart with your visiting as I don't think they have a set time for operating hours.  It's probably play by ear, but if you go on weekends it should be open until 10pm.  Minus a star for not having regular hours and another star for having horribly under funded marketing.  People should know this place is here, it's an awesome winter attraction!  Pack up the brats & go!
3	Real snow sledding next to Container Park. Very cool! The ice skating...not so much. Plastic ice might be safer...but way way less fun. Overall cool place for your kids to kill a couple of hours. Prices are reasonale. 10 bucks for 5 sled rides down the hill...5 bucks to skate ( unlimited).
5	Loved it! We had such a fun time here! $25 special included 5 times down the hill on the sled, snow play for 4 people, and unlimited skating for 4. They also had a cute movie with a lightshow and tons of awesome inflatable furniture and bean bags. Gorgeous lights and a huge tree complete with a really sweet Santa! ($10 for pics). Staff was super friendly and it was well organized. Great price for a few hours of fun!
3	You get what you pay for (which is nothing because it's free entrance).KEEP THAT IN MIND WHEN YOU GO HERE! Now if you're thinking it'll be anything close to what the Magical Forest is, please don't.This Winter Wonderland place is next to Container Parker. The entrance is kind of off to the side so be on the look out. When you enter, you're greeted by a Merry Christmas written out on the wooden panels. On the left, there's a wall of nights with a huge screen that features "showings". If you head straight, you'll see the huge Christmas tree! There's a Tunnel of Love with mistletoe hanging on both ends. The fun stuff you have to pay to do which is play/slide in the snow and ice skate. They serve hot chocolate as well, but I heard its a bit overpriced.All in all, it's free and it's new. I probably won't make the trip from the Southwest area again just to see this places BUT if I'm ever in the DT area and want to take more pictures, I might stop by.
5	Located across the way from The Container Park is The Winter Wonderland. And can I just say Mmmmm! It's smells so good here. As soon as you step foot inside you know fresh Xmas trees must be nearby. It's a great alternative for family friendly holiday activities and for those eager to save some dough. Yes we do love the magical forest and it is for a good cause but for a family of four you're looking at $40 and upwards of $70+. Around this time of year we all could use some extra cash in our pockets. Free admission & parking, face painting, bouncy house, snow play, "ice skating", animated holiday movie and light show while sitting comfortably on inflatable couches, sledding, pictures with Santa, you can even purchase a Christmas tree here. They've really thought of everything. All activities are for a small fee with the exception of the movie and face painting which were free. My daughter got her face painted and loved it. (See pics) We tipped accordingly. You can also purchase hot cocoa and admire the 50 ft ginormous REAL Christmas tree. It's such a sight to see. When you're ready to go, head over to the Zappos Pop Up Shop to finish up your holiday shopping. Did I mention there's a bar located inside? Spend $25 and you've earned yourself a free drink. You're welcome. ; ) Check out @GiveWithMe on Instagram for more details. Hurry, there's only a few more days to enjoy. Happy holidays y'all!
5	A bit late for a christmas attraction but we like the quiet, a few days after the holiday with the kids and some friends and we have the whole park to ourselves. Besides the fact that is not the best area to walk alone, its a nice production. Where else my girl will enjoy snow in vegas anyway?!
3	Went here last night and it was dead. Maybe it's because Christmas is over (???) But the kids had more expectations from the pictures they saw on Yelp. So just a heads up if you're planning on going here don't expect too much :)
4	Now my wife loves Christmas so we just had to go check this out. Its a cute little set up but definitely for young kids. They serve hot chocolate to keep you warm. The one cool thing was the small hill where you can go sledding on snow! They have a skating rink that resembles ice skating. There was a small light display but the little kids really seamed to love it. There was also a large outdoor screen where they showed some short animated holiday videos
