4	A 50% off 50% rack.. hell to the yeah and yes please!Anytime I stumble upon a funky little boutique, I get really super excited and absolutely have to see whats happenin' inside. Luckily for Mandy's, everything in the display windows caught my eye and I wanted to purchase all of it. Lots of boho/urban hippie pieces just screaming "NIKKI, No one else in the universe will wear this long flowery embroidered dress, you need to save me from this horrid rack" .. so what do I do? I buy her. Along with all her rack mates that just happened to be on the sale rack I mentioned above. Fortunately, I have an eye for sales, and everything I absolutely couldn't live without, was in fact, on sale.. I blame this on the sheer fact that I wear weird shit, and no one else wants it, so that's just where the pieces I dig end up.. I am more than okay with this. Unique pieces for next to nothing, that's my style. I ended up with 3 beautiful dresses, and splurged on the most adorable necklace in the universe - with a total that came out under a bill.. that's a pretty good stinkin' deal if you ask me. Not only does this place have fantastic sale items, but they get new pieces in everyday, and all of them are unique in their own right. Some designer, some not.. Prices are standard for their higher end items, maybe a little cheaper. Great accessories and they have a woman who transforms regular Havaiana flip flops into sparkling works of art as well. I loved the whole style and vibe this place had, and the woman working there (sorry I don't remember her name) was more than happy to recommend items she thought would look best on me. Had she not told me there was enough blue in the pink dress I bought (since pink usually looks horrid on ginger kids), I wouldn't have gotten it.. but I did, and also received tons of compliments. Thanks Lady! I promise to come back again and again and again to trade in my hard earned dollars for your groovy little dresses.
5	I'm tempted not to write about this place because I don't want everyone to know about the little gem I discovered just a little north of Fashion Square. Mandy's has THE cutest selection of clothes and is so reasonable for being an independent boutique in Scottsdale. I found this store while I was desperately searching for a dress to wear to my friends wedding. I was ready to spend $150, ended up with the cutest dress for $88. Since I had already been prepared to spend $150, I didn't feel so bad buying another dress for the evening before! Although I was on a mission for a dress, I did peep out some cute shirts and jeans on the rack that will most likely be in my closet after I get my next pay check.
2	cute stuff, good sales! RUDE sales associates went in the other day wearing gym clothes and they looked at me like i was trash! Sorry ladies didnt know there was a dress code, work on your services skills and maybe i will shop there again
5	When I discovered this cute little boutique I fell in love.  It's located in a shopping center where Houston's stands.  Next door to Mandy's is a cute little Boutique Shop for your cat or dog.Mandy's has cute trendy clothing.  I had looked everywhere for zebra print leggings in gray.  Finally I had found them.  They have an amazing sale rack here.  If I only lived in Scottsdale, or in Arizona, I would be back a lot sooner.You have to check this place out!  If you need a cute dress, shirt, jeans, leggings, accessories, or shorts, then you must take a peek in Mandy's.Hope you find some cute things!!  Cheers and Enjoy!
5	This boutique was one of my absolute favorites! I used to always shop here when I was trying to find a cute outfit for a special night out.  I was so sad to see the actual store front close.  Although I guess they are still online- that seems to be the direction many clothing stores are headed right now.  I think the Hilton Village is doing a complete remodel because many of the stores there are all closed right now.  I did find out that their other location Sherre's up in Cave Creek is still open so I will continue shopping there!
