4	I've recommended many a travelling friend to stay here on numerous occasions and overall, I've heard nothing but positive comments. The fresh licks of paint and general clean aura all get the thumbs up, alongside some helpful and chilled staff.One minor problem, so I've been told, is the lack of Wifi and painfully slow on site internet slightly hamper any chance of labelling this hostel as amazing. Nonetheless, there's so many additional features such as cheap breakfasts, free storage lockers, hot showers and a swanky 'chill' lounge. These easily make up for the above niggle. Oh, and it's location is a massive bonus, only a stones throw from the train station, the castle and Princes St.
3	Originally, this place got a 4* rating from me, when I first stayed here as a 20 yr old.  However, it became a 3* rating after trying to stay here again this past January.  When I first stayed here, I thought this place was one of the best hostels I've been in in Europe.  Clean common areas.  Clean rooms.  Pretty clean bathrooms.  The cleaning lady came in religiously everyday to clean all rooms.  I stayed in a mixed 6-person room.  If I recall correctly, they have this locker-type thing to put your belongings in.  Which was also great.  The staff was pretty friendly, although I didn't interact with them much.  I went to school a few hours away in Lancaster, so I wasn't too clueless about being in the UK.What really makes this hostel stand out in my mind from the others, is their bar downstairs.  It's a slightly small, cozy little bar.  Where the clientele is mainly the backpackers staying upstairs.  What a great way to make even more money! It's great, because, aside from the common room, where people can be super quiet/awkward, you can also chat up people from all over at this bar.  When inhibitions are lowered with every sip of your (insert drink here).  They had drink specials too.  We met a group of guys who had their 'reunion' with their uni friends at that bar every year.  They bought us about 20 shots called "cock-sucking cowboys".  it was this crazy yellow viscuous thing.  And pretty gross and sickly sweet.  Needless to say, I did not leave my bed to see any sights the next day.  Now, years later, i had fond memories of Edinburgh (minus the cock-sucking cowboy shots), and Budget Backpackers Hostel.  So even though I had more money than I did as a uni student, I wanted to stay here again to relive it all.  Sadly, they told us that they were filling up there rooms and a mixed room would have costed us 50% more than a normal hotel.  Which was kind of ridiculous.  They wouldn't bend at all.  So we end up at a really nice hotel instead for less money, with 2 beds and our own bathroom.The bar was still great though.  We went on New year's eve, and it was a hoot.  They had a live band. And the same kind of mixed crowd (travellers and scots).  One group of scottish boys wore kilts in freezing weather with no underwear!  They also tried to get us to put our hands underneath their kilts.....my friend did it, which is how we knew they didnt wear any pants.
4	I LOVE this hostel.  It is so fun and lively.  The staff orchestrates daily walking tours and nightly pub crawls.  There is a cute little cafe to order food in, lots of comfy sofas to hang out around and meet the other patrons.  The location is ideal, right in the old town part of Edinburgh.  For all the Harry Potter fans, you will enjoy it immensely as it is close to all the hot spots for JK Rowling while she was writing the books.  Interestingly 90% of the staff are rowdy Australians.  They are committed to ensuring the guests enjoy themselves and experience Edinburgh the right way.  Be prepared for it being very loud, though..So if you are looking for a nice quiet hostel go another direction.
4	For the price, this place is definitely worth it! I was there for 1 night and stayed in a 4 bed room, so I don't know anything about the massive rooms. I will say though, when coming home drunk in the middle of the night, I had trouble finding my room. So many doors and hallways and twists and turns. Very confusing when all I want to do after my kebab is pass out. But the bed was comfy, the duvet was lovely, and I liked the lockers and the little shelf each bed had with a small light. The only negative for the room was that there was no mirror so I had to get ready entirely in the communal bathroom around the corner. Not very important, just a minor inconvenience. The bar was great, had dirt cheap shots with even dirtier names. I would give you some examples, but I think I had too many of them that night to remember. I had already lived in edinburgh for a year so didn't need the free walking tour but it was really nice to offer that everyday for people who didn't know the city. If I come back and need to book a hostel I will definitely come here!
5	I stayed here for one night before heading to explore the highlands and it was a great choice. The room that I was in was a four bed and it seemed huge. I have been in hostels in the past that you seemed to be on top of the other people but that was not the case here. The staff at the front desk are also really great! When checking in they gave me the rundown of where everything is located to if I need a lock they have them. After I got settled I went and asked where I could get some good food and they sent my down the street to a bunch of places to choose from. Super nice people made a normal hostel into a great one!
