1	First of all the 2 cleaners arrived about 25 minutes late. My house was already pretty clean. They cleaned 2 bathrooms and the master bedroom and in one room they just dusted and vaccumed also lightly dusted the office without removing anything. They didn't clean a single thing in my kitchen and didn't clean any of the cabinets. They put all of their stuff away while one attempted to clean the floor, first he swept it then he cleaned it with this swiffer looking thing that did NOT clean my floor at all. So while he was doing the floor the lady was having me fill out a questionaire which I felt very uncomfortable leaving a bad survey with her watching me fill it out. The lady proceeded to tell me that if she had her usual girl they could have cleaned the entire house because it was already pretty clean. The other guy she picked up right before she came to my house didn't know what he was doing and the lady was SO slow. So dissapointed.
5	I bought a Groupon awhile back and when they came out, I got what I paid for. Sometimes I think that people think that because they paid "$35"....."OMG you spent how much?!!!!",   that they should get the world. Remember people, you get what you pay for.  After my initial clean via the Groupon, I've had Pristine back 2 or three times a month. My wife is happy.....I'm happy.  I'd recommend them.
1	I bought a groupon and called, emailed multiple times. It took a lot to get a response and when I did, they were booking 2 months in advance.  Thats ridiculous. Who can pre-plan their schedule that far in advance and if you did have to cancel, wait another 2 months. I had to get a refund because the response was so bad.
1	I bought 2 groupons couple of months earlier for Pristine House Cleaning. And last month, in march , I  tried calling them to schedule a cleaning day for my 2 bedroom apt,  but guess what?!!! When they knew that I have a groupon they told me that they are fully booked & their next available will be in AUGUST!!!!!  My husband then called and asked them if they can send someone to clean ( without saying that we have a groupon but instead he was willing to pay full price). Guess what?!!! They told him they can send someone in the same week, meaning March. So we called groupon and they were really helpful and gave us a refund.I  really feel sorry for those who bought groupon earlier and the 352 people who bought Living social this week.
1	We purchased a voucher from livingsocial.com for 4 hours of house cleaning for $40. When I called to make an appointment they told us we had to book 3 months in advance because they sold so many of these vouchers and don't have enough employees. They are overbooking and holding money and getting to it when they can. The vouchers are good for 6 months. I know it's good to solicit business but not to overbook and hold peoples monies and make promises they cannot keep.
1	WORSE GROUPON I EVER BOUGHT!buyers beware! The reviews I thought were related to this business are actually for a Pristine House Cleaning based out of Ohio.Problems:- The girls left 40 minutes before the 3 hours I paid for! I tipped them 12 dollars because honestly I figured they were having a horrible day since they were so unfriendly. I wanted to remind them they were paid for 3 hours, but I figured I didn't want them in my home if they didn't want to be here!- Being almost 1.5 hours late!- They BROKE my blender. I went to use it today and it is indeed clean, but there is water in it. Their website states they clean small appliances. They do, but after they clean them they no longer work. Oh, and it wasn't a cheap one and less than two months old. - They only cleaned a small bathroom and my kitchen. My home isn't THAT dirty. It is deep cleaned on a regular basis and we have a weekly cleaner. 3 hours and TWO rooms were cleaned? I was worried they wouldn't have enough to do in three hours with the whole house.Basically, If I had known I was going to have to wait 1.5 hours for them to show up, I would have spent that hour and a half cleaning my own house! This company is a total joke and waste of time. They really lack brains, skills, professionalism and customer service. I already contacted groupon to tell them I want my $$ back.WORSE PART:  I dont smoke. The cleaners left their dirty butts on my porch. GROSS!
2	I am another unhappy customer.  I bought a Groupon as well, and where I love Groupon, they were certainly lacking when it came to offering one for this company.I too had the challenge that they were "booked" and lucky for the other person they only had to wait 2 months.  I had to wait 3!  I was excited as the date approached b/c as we are a VERY clean household any way, I don't like to do the showers, toilets, or stove and definitely slacked a little the last few weeks b/c I knew they were being "professionally cleaned".Yesterday they called to confirm they were coming.  I didn't talk to them directly but they left a pleasant VM saying they had 3 girls coming and the window they would be arriving.Funny enough, I saw the truck outside early.  They arrived about 20 minutes before the start time of the window to arrive...and SAT out there the whole time!  They finally rang the doorbell 5 minutes after the start of the window.  Three girls came in, seemed pleasant, and asked where I'd like them to start.  To me it didn't really matter since they would eventually clean everything.  After saying "Downstairs is fine" the leader of the 3 said, "ohhhh, well we are only here for an hour, so we will get started".  I had to stop her...my Groupon was for 3 hours of cleaning, not one.  I showed it to her.  Her and her girls exchanged some conversation in Spanish (which I only know very little so I couldn't understand them) and then the leader said, "our boss only lets us stay an hour.  1 girl for one hour, so you get 3 girls for one hour, not 3 hours."  Seriously?!  And this is after the sat in the car for 20 minutes before ringing the doorbell.  So instead of taking out on her (after all, she's just following bosses orders) I asked what there is to do about this.  She said, "well tell me what's most important to get cleaned b/c your house won't be clean in one hour...too big".  I definitely did a few woosas to keep my composure, and I said, "alright, please make sure the bathrooms and kitchen get done first, then mop and vaccuum, and if there is still time, then dust last".  And off they went.  They are gone now and I will say they did end up staying for about an hour and a half, which I'm sure is b/c I was nice and asked if they needed water.  They didn't do as nice of a job as they would have in 3 hours, but they did take care of what I asked them to do, and at the end of the day...I didn't have to clean my house so I can't be too upset about it.  I gave this company 2 stars b/c the girls were nice, and really did try to leave a good impression on me.  Other than that though, I certainly would not use this company again, especially when reviewing their normal rates.  They are way too high.
1	We had purchased prepaid house cleaning through living social website and called to book and was told that the house couldn't be cleaned for 3 months and coupon was set to expire and they said not to worry about expiration date and voucher would be honored. We called a few weeks later and were told they wouldn't honor voucher. We contacted living social and got a refund. Living social said they will never do business with pristine house cleaning again!!
1	Another Groupon customer here. After waiting 4 months for our appointment scheduled for this coming Thursday (6/9/11), they called and told me they would need to reschedule. I was bugged, especially since I had waited so long already. They told me that they could reschedule me for between February and August of next year! 8 months was the soonest they could get me in, after already waiting 4 months.  Needless to say, they will not be getting my business.
1	There are currently 19 filtered reviews for this joke of a business, and all but one of them is a 1-star review.  There is a reason for this, and the reason is that Pristine House Cleaning is SO FREAKING HORRIBLE that 18 people who have never written a review on Yelp! felt compelled to do so after being screwed by Pristine.  Ever seen a business with so many unanimously bad filtered reviews?  I sure haven't.This idiot Lorenzo offered house cleaning on Living Social, Groupon and two offers were made on the Las Vegas Review-Journal's Deal of the Day website.  Four offers, all running consecutively.  No wonder appointments were routinely rescheduled and made as much as four months in advance.They honored my Living Social deal after rescheduling once.  They sent two maids for 1 1/2 hours and they did a below-average job at best.  I cleaned more than they did in the same amount of time.I still had my Groupon though, and for $35 even substandard cleaning services aren't that bad.  Figured I'd throw the maid(s) a $20 under the table and have them do a good job.  They were scheduled for the 20th of June, but I got a call yesterday (the 6th) telling me that they were refusing to honor any more Groupons due to a manpower shortage and that I would be sent a refund automatically by Groupon.Not willing to trust them, I called Groupon.  While it might be true they're not honoring Groupon reservations anymore, Groupon was not AUTOMATICALLY sending out refunds to anyone.  Glad I called.If you're reading this and have a Groupon, Living Social or Deal of the Day certificate that's unused, you may as well call and get your money back now.  And you can consider yourself lucky that they won't honor itwhile you're at it.If you're reading this and thinking about hiring Pristine to clean your house at full price, think again.  You'd be better off picking up someone off the street in front of a Star Nursery or Home Depot to clean your place.  They'd do a better job, they'd be more trustworthy, and they wouldn't make you wait weeks for an appointment just to reschedule it a couple of days before they're due to show.Pristine doesn't know the meaning of the word appointment, their maids don't know the meaning of the word clean, and the boss Lorenzo has his head so far up his ass he hasn't seen daylight in years.  Don't walk from this business, run from it.  It's a scam run by idiots, not a professional cleaning service.  The BBB should use them as a poster child for how not to do business.
5	In February we let go of our regular house cleaning services because they started to slack. I researched and asked around about other house cleaning companies for a month. Finally a colleague recommended Prestine. The first thing I did was read as many reviews as I could.I was very hesitant to use them at first, but they came such highly recommended from someone I knew, so I thought. what the heck... we'll give them a shot at it. I'd have to pay someone, right?I called the 2nd week of March and got an appointment for that Friday. They said they would arrive between 8-9AM that morning. 3 cleaning ladies knocked on the door at 8:05AM. We went over all the areas I wanted extra focus on (baseboards, cabinets, and top of the fridge) hey told me it wouldn't be a problem. I left to go grocery shopping and returned about an hour later. They were busy cleaning away. From what I could tell upon my return, they were doing a great job. I sat outside with the dog to catch up on some reading and get out of their way. At 11:30AM one of the girls let me know they were done and to come inside. We walked around the entire house to make sure everything was as clean as could be, I all but did the white finger glove test and to my surprise, the house was spotless. I've decided to have them come back every other week to do all the deep cleaning in the house and so far so good. I do highly recommend Pristine. Just give them a try, despite the negative comments, you won't be disappointed.
5	I used Pristine a while ago for a cleaning after moving out. A friend of mine suggested I hire a cleaning service instead of me doing it myself. I agreed... a lot.The owner was super nice, I told him what I needed and the square footage... I made an appointment and he and his crew showed up on time and did a great job. The cost was definitely in my budget too so that made it a done deal.The whole process was simple and I'd definitely recommend them.
5	I have been using pristine for a while and my home always looks amazing when they are done. Prices are good as well.
5	I recently moved out of my apartment and was way too lazy to clean before our inspection. I was recommended Pristine through a friend who has them clean her house on a regular basis. They did such an amazing job at a rate cheaper than the other places I called and got quotes from. They had three ladies come out at once so that the job was done very quickly, which means less money out of my pocket, yay! I plan on having them come clean my new house on a regular basis because of how great of a job they did on my move out and at my friend's home.
5	I scheduled Pristine Cleaning to do some cleaning in the upstairs part of my house. They were punctual, professional, and the cleaning was indeed "pristine." They met all requirements of what I asked them to do, and the prices weren't bad either. I would definitely use them again with no delay.
5	I used pristine house cleaning to help me catch up on cleaning after a week of family staying at my house. They were on time, friendly and did a great job. I'd definitely rehire them to clean!
5	These guys did a Amazing job! Well worth the $$ spent
5	Just used Pristine House Cleaning today. The cleaning ladies were extremely nice and did a thorough job. Price was very reasonable - especially for the quality job. Will be calling them back. The owner called half way through the job to ensure everything was going well. Top to bottom good job.
5	I used Pristine last month for the first time and they were extremely thorough. The team was nice and easy to work with as they were able to schedule around my busy schedule. They cleaned my entire place from top to bottom. I look forward to working with them in the future - definitely worthy of a try.
5	I was a previously disgruntled Groupon user who had a bad experience and posted a scathing review on here. However, the new manager eventually responded to my review and asked me to give them another chance, as they've made many changes. It just so happened that the timing of this coincided with a need that I had to get a house cleaned  and ready to sell.I decided to give them another chance, but I didn't want them to know that I was somebody who had posted a bad review on here before. I wanted to know if they really had changed, or if they were just putting on  a good show to get me to change my review.Three cleaning ladies arrived promptly today (early even) and got right to work. They made the kitchen and bathrooms look much, much better than I thought they could. They cleaned out a truly disgusting refrigerator and made it look new. At the end, a gentleman from the company came by to make sure I was satisfied. He walked through the house to ensure that they did a good job. Besides a few minor things that I wouldn't have even noticed, he found that they had done a great job.My opinion of this company has changed 100%. The customer service was great, the cleaning service was great, and the price was very fair considering all the work they had to do. I will definitely hire them again and would recommend them to anyone looking for a great cleaning service.
4	I requested the services of Pristine House Cleaning last weekend because I had a big family get together planned and could use the extra help with the major cleaning jobs around my house. When I initially contacted them, the owner was prompt in getting right back to me. And once we decided on the work I wished to have done, he was very accommodating, willing to work with me and within my budget. On the day requested, the three cleaning ladies arrived within the timeframe given. They were each courteous and professional and responsive to the cleaning I wanted accomplished. After the agreed upon 2 1/2 hours, my house was shiny and sparkly.The ladies did a nice job. I was amazed at all that they were able to accomplish working together in a short amount of time.They did a better job than I could have done by myself, and that in itself, was worth it to me to have hired them!     I would highly recommend using this service and would not hesitate to call upon them again.Thank you Prestine Cleaning Services for allowing me to take a big breather before all of the guests arrived!!
5	Great job!  THey send 3 maids over and they were incredibly efficient.  Very satisfied
5	Great great service! Lorenzo was a pleasure to deal with!Will definitely use them again and again-- professional, quick, efficient, and very thorough!
5	As everyone knows I just recently moved in to a condo in Veer Towers and wow does it get dusty! Befoe ive had time to even buy a vacuum i decided to get a professional clean to start me off. Ive heard great things about this company from a few friends so i decided to give them a try. I was very impressed with the extensive care and compassion the girls took with my things and the apartment itself. They were also friendly and on time. I will def be using this service again.
5	Used this company to do a house cleaning when my renters left and we listed the house for sale.  I'm out of state so haven't seen the house but my realtor says it looks pristine, and the price is right.The house received 4 offers the day we listed it, all over list.  So I guess they did good work!
5	I used Pristine to do a move out deep cleaning on one of our rentals.  The stove and bathrooms look like new and the house is 14 years old!   They did an outstanding job and plan on using them in the future for not only our rentals, but also for a resale home we have purchased to live in.  Always had a new house, not accustomed to moving in after someone else.  With Pristine, I won't have to worry!Janis R
2	This service is far too expensive. They came this morning, 3 girls. My mom was at home while I was at work. Here are the major problems: Stuff was not put back where it was supposed to be, they left my heavy daughter's plug in swing in the middle of her nursery, they didn't dust off the top of my tv entertainment center, they put shoes on top of a banister and left them there, they were told to clean the outside table/chair set and they left a huge sandy spot on top of the table and cobwebs all in between the chair legs. For the expensive price, for 3 people for $75 per hour, which took them 3.5 hours to clean a 2,400 sq foot house - DEFINITELY NOT WORTH THE COST. Generally the rest of the house was fine but a 5 star service this is NOT. I would like to post pictures of the dust, the swing in the room, and the cobwebs. I was also told their yelp coupon was NOT valid for the INitial cleaning. In addition, all the windows have vertical blinds and although they cleaned them, they were all turned in different ways which means I had to turn each vertical blind into the right direction so that they were aligned and functional again. Seriously? Do they not know how blinds work? Not a very professional service. I will NEVER use them again and I hope this helps you make a decision regarding spending a lot of your money.UPDATE: After I posted this Lorenzo called me and asked what went wrong and then sent 3 girls to come to my house the very next morning to clean up what they hadn't the day before and offered a discount for next time I use their service. I do appreciate the gesture and that the girls did the right thing and cleaned what they had missed the first time. They also had a supervisor with them. They did do a good job cleaning and 4 days later the house still feels clean so I appreciate that. So I gave one more star for the rating. However, I still don't think a person has to complain about the services or point out the mistakes as the girls are cleaning or to have them make two trips over two days in order for a real professional cleaning job to be done.
5	We have a very large house that requires very detailed cleaning.  Pristine Cleaning has been cleaning our floors and bathrooms for a month now and we are very pleased with the company. Every week they show up on time and fully equipped to do the job. The price is within our budget for 3 girls to complete the needed cleaning.  We will continue to use their services and refer their company.
5	I called Pristine to do a move-in clean for my new rental house on tues and they were there yesterday afternoon (weds). There were three girls who were very nice and about an hour later their supervisor appeared. They spent three hours cleaning, never stopped working, and did an amazing job. Very affordable and well worth the money!
4	I just used this service for the first time today, and will definitely be calling them again! Three ladies came in and cleaned my whole (3 BR/2 BA) house in the quoted 2 hrs. and everything looks great! They were also very friendly and patient with my animals.
5	3 girls showed up on time did a fabulous job asked  questions as they want a long. Cleaned all my blinds in even unloaded the dishwasher. Everyone spoke English and a field supervisor stop by to make sure I was happy it's a great service I highly recommend it to everybody
5	I had Pristine do a move out clean for me for a 1700 sq/ft house.  I do not know how else to say this but they are AMAZING.  The best cleaning I have ever seen done by ANY cleaning company ever.  And I have experience in this area having worked in hospitality for over 18 years.  I am as neat and picky as it gets and they did an incredible job.  If you go with any other cleaning service you are just plain foolish.  CALL THEM. You will not be sorry.
5	I have to say, I've used a number of cleaning services over the last 30 years, in a number of states, Pristine is the absolute best one I've ever come across!  My first clean today was a deep clean, they cleaned from top to bottom, ceiling fans and light fixtures, window coverings, windows, everything!  Our home has never been so clean!  This first clean was 3 hours at $65 per hour, my regular price will be $125 every two weeks.  Our house is almost 3,000 sf and those three gals walked through first, took a good luck at it all and were very well-coordinated working their way through methodically and thoroughly.
5	Great cleaners -- professional, quick and friendly.  They cleaned parts of my house I didn't know could be cleaned.  Highly recommend.
5	3 ladies came with a field supervisor. They were scheduled for 10 am and they were there perfectly on time. I walked the house with the supervisor and showed them what I wanted cleaned. Let me tell you they went above and beyond and scrubbed my entire house! It's never been cleaner! They were thorough  but did not waste any time. I would highly recommend Pristine Cleaning to anyone.
5	I was extremely satisfied with their work!! I have never seen my home look so sparkling!! Highly recommended!!
5	I just wanted to take a minute to thank Pristine Cleaning. I have a toddler and a handicapped mother and Pristine makes my life so much easier. I'm a single mother and its very difficult sometimes to get the deep cleaning done. Their prices make it affordable for me so I can get my house deep cleaned on a consistent basis. I have piece of mind knowing that is taken care of and I can spend more time with my son. Thank you again!!! Highly recommend them!
5	Felt like we came home to a spotless hotel room. Very professional and a FANTASTIC job for a out of this world good price. 3 ladies did a deep clean in 3 1/2 hrs and the house has never been cleaner. Thanks for the great work! We will be calling again before Xmas and may even consider a monthly agreement.
4	I received a carpet cleaning service through them. They charged me what they quoted me (most carpet cleaning companies raise the price once they are done. So frustrating) and they were friendly and professional.
3	3 ladies came and cleaned our home,  we just moved into a rental so a cleaning of base boards,  blinds,  bannister's were also in order to the regular bathroom,  kitchen carpet The ladies were super nice,  they were friendly with my little dog.  They had forgotten my walk in closet but hey everyone can make a mistake. My. Only complaint is that they don't use all natural products and I would prefer this especially as a pet owner.  We would hire them again.
5	We hired Pristine Housekeeping Services to clean our vacation rental property in Las Vegas. Their linens and ammentities are more than a step above. Our clients love that they arrive to a super clean, even luxurious accomodations. Thank you Lorenzo for taking such good care of our home away from home.
5	In prep for Thanksgiving, we had Pristine out to help get the house ready for our guests. They sent a few ladies and when they left,  the house was ready for guests. Thanks again. I don't mind cleaning.....but there is nothing like walking into a freshly cleaned home, especially if you didn't have to clean it.
5	I was in a pitch doing a short sale.  The banks all came through at once and I had to get out of my house quick.  I moved out on a Friday, got a call that the new buyer needed to move in ASAP(not original plan).  I called on a Saturday, got great customer service from Lorenzo.  I dropped the key off Saturday night.  They had the place spotless by Monday night.  New owner moved in on Tuesday.  3 days from contact to completion.  Pristine did a great job and took the whole thing off my shoulders so I could focus on my new house.  I WILL be using them again.  Well worth it.
3	This is my first time having a cleaning service come into my home. After reading the reviews I've decided to go with it. 3 ladies came and they did a good job. BUT here's the problem:-it said on yelp that they had a $45 for $75 deal right?! WRONG!! What they told me is they took out $40 of my total instead of $75!!! What a rip off. They can't understand their own deal! Then I wanted to add 1 more hour, the lady told me it's $75/hr when on her work phone and Lorenzo (the owner) says $65/hr!!! Trying to rip me off!!! -they didn't put things back where it belonged. -Not sure if their vacuum works because there was a lot of dirt and mess left on the carpet. -in my kitchen, they left grease on the pantry door. -wiped all the mess on the stove top and put it on the floor and never bother to sweep it.-SCRATCHED my chrome bathtub faucets! -USED MY bleach!! (thinking they suppose to bring their own supplies)-my tiles weren't mopped good. Never calling them AGAIN!!!!!!
5	I have been looking for the right company to use for myself and recommend to clients. I am glad to say I have found them! Had them clean 2 houses one had already been "cleaned" but no where near to the standards I have, and pristine went in and cleaned it above my standards! The other house was a mess and they again exceeded my expectations! Thank you!
5	I used Pristine to clean a house we were just about to move into and they did an amazing job!  They worked incredibly hard and didn't stop!  They cleaned all the floors, closets, oven, baseboards, etc. etc, and it looked amazing afterwards!  3 ladies were used and they were very sweet and nice.  Highly recommend these cleaners and will use them again in the future!  Thank you so much Pristine!
5	I did a google search for a cleaning company and was very impressed with the reviews I read about Pristine House Cleaning.  Even with only three days notice during the holidays they were able to schedule a crew to come out and do some serious cleaning.  I needed baseboards, window blinds, and windows.  The crew arrived on time and went right to work.  The cleaning was completed in the time alloted and I was very pleased with the results.  I will be calling them again in the future.  I too wish that I had a choice of cleaning products due to my allergies.  Next time I will just have them use my own products.
5	These guys were incredible. House was absolutely trashed after a party, and within two hours it looked sparkly clean. Would highly recommend their services.
1	I was moving out of my rental and called around to try to find someone to help at the last minute. I know it was last minute so my chances were slim. Lorenzo offered to do it the next day!  I was so grateful that I found someone to help as I was flying to Chicago the next day and needed to finish the cleaning. They never showed up. I have no idea why he would say that he could provide a cleaning crew if he was over booked. Don't ever do business with Pristine.Update: Based on the response from Pristine I feel compelled to update my review. The response below is factually inaccurate. I never told Pristine that I found someone else to clean. My last call to the office asking when they were going to show up because they were 4 hours late from when they promised was never returned. Two weeks later I'm still waiting for them to show up.
5	Pristine House Cleaning was the first maid service I have used in Las Vegas and the only one I continue to use. Lorenzo, the manager, is absolutely great at scheduling an appointment time that works for me. There has never been a time when I called him and he hasn't been able to book me an appointment on the time and day that I want. I've even called in the morning for maid cleaning that very same evening, and they were able to come right at the time I needed them. The three women that usually come to my condo are Maria, Lourdes, and Joaquina. They are very friendly and take great direction. They do such an immaculate clean of my entire 2 bedroom condo within 1 hour. They come in, get to work right away, and shortly after my apartment looks fabulous! They also have decorating skills as well. I take pictures of how they set up my pillows on my bed and my couch because it looks that good!I would definitely recommend this maid service. They are great with scheduling appointments, even last minute ones, and always show up on time.  I only have to use them twice a month, and they clean so quickly. Don't waste your money on cheap maid services because you pay for what you get. This maid service exceeded my expectations by far. Worth the price!
5	I was moving out and needed a company to clean apartment from top to bottom. They did a great job, cleaned everything, the place was spotless! Cleaned oven, ceiling fans, blinds and windows. Arrived on time and the price was as quoted. Highly recommended!
2	Very friendly staff, showed up close enough to on time, great with our pets. I really want to emphasize that I liked the people that came to our home. However, the attention to detail was not there in many areas. I want the company to know that I feel very uncomfortable asking the girls to come back in and do something over, when they weren't even close to meeting my expectations in the first place, and if I need to point out the details, I already know it won't be a good fit. Dust was not cleaned, it was only spread around! Hard water stains still on shower doors, every other housekeeping service I have hired has been able to get this spotless. Sorry to sound so harsh, but it's true, and I would definitely recommend getting better cleaning supplies/equipment, maybe that would help.As the rating indicates, we've experienced much better housekeeping here in Vegas even though they have not been a good fit for our schedule. Our hunt for a good fit continues...
5	We have Pristine clean our home twice each month and have been very pleased. If there is anything specific you want done or done a certain way, you just need to ask.They also send around a quality control person on occasion and I really like that.The price is very reasonable and I feel comfortable with the entire staff. We plan to continue having them come clean for us!
5	Workers were very hard last time I used them. Very efficient and very Detailed. Did a complete job and I was satisfied with the services which is the main reason why I'm using them again. I recommend them to all everyone including my friends and family!
5	Very professional and efficient - I called somewhat short notice but they were able to accommodate my request for a house cleaning without problem.  The crew they sent was thorough and polite during their time at my house; a manager came by to check the progress and ensure that I was satisfied.  All-in-all, a very professional firm that I would happily use again.
5	Came out for three hours and my home is sparkling, three women came as were all lovely and did an amazing job. I am super thankful, and happy I found pristine. Will definitely be using them again! Thank you!! As a working Mom I need all the help I can get and to have them here and trust them in my home and come home to a spotless organized home? You can't even put a price on that.
4	Had my first cleaning with pristine this week. Three lovely ladies showed up on time and cleaned all the dust from my house. It was so nice to come home to and the house did not smell like chemicals. Scheduling was easy and so was communication. I only need cleaning every few months but I will definitely use pristine again.
4	I have had Pristine clean my home biweekly for maybe half the year now. The price is a bit higher than you would find for an individual to come clean your house, but that is because they send in a team of 2-3 people and they do a fantastic, quicker job. I am always happy with the job they do and am grateful to have found a trustworthy service. I would definitely recommend them to a friend.
5	solid job on my move out made my day great work cleaning all the tough areas in my home now I'm using them regularly in my new place
4	I used the service to clean our condo for sale. The ladies were great and did a wonderful job. They even cleaned the refrigerator which I had dreaded having to clean. I am considering a biweekly service now.
5	They did it again!  Another fantastic job cleaning a move out rental property.  This is the 3rd time I have used Pristine and they never disappoint.  The girls are fast, efficient and do an outstanding job.  No nonsense, just hard workers!
4	Pristine came to me this morning.  The appointment was between 9 and 10 and they came early ready to start.  They had all of their own supplies.  They were courteous, professional and fast!   They did a GREAT job!  And this apartment was no easy project.   I have been away for 6 weeks and a man alone for 6 weeks can result in a very messy apartment.   The three cleaners came into this to disaster and they just calmly dug in and started cleaning.   The price is a little higher than others we have used, but Pristine is great with answering the phone and getting you an appointment fast.   I am very impressed and plan on using them again.
5	I had the pleasure of using Pristine House Cleaning several times over the past few months, but most recently to clean my new home before moving in. I was so delighted with the professionalism of the entire team.I worked with Lorenzo on logistics and despite having some complex challenges, he manged to work everything onto the schedule. Then when the cleaning crew arrived, they worked seamlessly with my wife and made the experience for her a pleasant one.I am excited to use them again ahead of moving out of my rented home. I know I'll have the same level of skill and dedication on this home.Thanks, Lorenzo and Team. I look forward to using you and the team for my regular cleanings in the future.
5	Communication is what is most important when working with these companies. Lorenzo provided excellent communication throughout my entire cleaning and carpet cleaning. The workers were friendly, came with full uniform and got right to work. When they were close to finishing, they had me inspect and made sure I was satisfied with their work. They were determined to make sure everything was right. The following day the carpet cleaner arrived right on time and did a fantastic job. The carpet looked practically brand new! All employees were well dress and well mannered and customer satisfaction was top of their priority list in addition to getting everything spotless.
5	I had to do a move out cleaning for my home and I was seriously stressing, overwhelm with work. I decided to call Pristine House Cleaning, who sent me a friendly cleaning crew. My house was left so clean! My kitchen was spotless and the rest of the house was done just like instructed. My husband and I are very happy, our first time hiring a cleaning company and it was successful. I'm glad I have to look no more; I will be calling them for service in the future.
5	Lorenzo very easy to get a hold of.  Cleaners did a great job on my move out cleaning.  Got my whole deposit back.  Never seen the place so clean.
5	Wasn't expecting 3 maids for my  1 bedroom condo! Very fast and friendly. If I had one complaint it would be that they showed up over 20 mins before the 1 hour window they were scheduled for. But I'd prefer way early to late any day :)
5	We just moved to the town. Called them and easy scheduled for the next day. These guys did a really good job.  Highly recommend!
4	We had an overall good experience with this company.  They were easy to get a hold of & were able to come out on the day/time we needed them.  The 3 ladies who cleaned our home were very sweet & did a nice job.  Won't be using them regularly since our current housekeeper does all the same work for less than half the price, but will keep them in mind in case we're in another bind!
5	So thrilled with this thorough service.  They pay such close attention to detail which I feel is the only reason to hire a cleaning service.  Each window treatment, the base boards and even the a/c vents!! All cleaned. Highly recommend for sure.
5	Awesome, thorough and great customer service. Totally plan on using them again and would definitely recommend to anyone!!
4	I called around to many places in a panic trying to find same day cleaning.  I had a last minute visitor arriving in the evening and I had to work so no time to clean the way I like it.  I got lucky with this company who was able to accommodate me at very short notice. They mentioned over the phone they would arrive between 3 and 4pm. They arrived at 4:30. 3 cleaners and 2.5 hours later my house looked presentable.  Thank you for taking that stress off my shoulders!
5	I called several cleaning companies to find a quick cleaning. They answered the phone right away. Lorenzo was very polite and accommodating to fit me in the schedule asap. I have never used a cleaning company and did not know what to expect. I must say, I am very pleased with the service they provided. The crew showed up on time (actually a little early). They were fast and efficient.  I feel they went above and beyond my expectations. The house looked amazing when they finished. I will definitely be using them again on a regular basis. Thanks to Jose, Belem & Veronica for a great job!
5	This was the first time using a cleaning service. The guys in the office were great getting me an appointment that worked for me. They always kept me informed on when their staff would arrived. The ladies that cleaned the house worked hard and made it look great. We used them again in a heartbeat.
4	Prof Early arrive.hard workers.Maria G is very honest.ConsForget some of place witch they said" I will"( under the microwave,drawers of bed room sink.Slow workNot detailed clean.I also want to comment to the owner of this company for the staffs who work hard with strong chemicals.Please let them put the masks.mask protect their bodies to not to be sick. All that  the price I paid make me quite happy. I give 4 stars.Thank you guys.
5	Our first time with Pristine and they did an amazing job! Very impressed amd definitely calling them again soon
5	Wonderful service!!! The 3 ladies who cleaned our house were so detailed and did not skimp on anything. They arrived on time and were so nice. My husband and I were so impressed with how clean our house was, and we will definitely be returning customers.
5	Fantastic!!!! Sylvia, Jauquina, and Veronica did a wonderful job on the house. They cleaned quickly and efficiently, going through the rooms systematically, then went to extra details individually. Making the appointment was super easy, they were available the next day. I would highly recommend using Pristine.
5	Pristine is quality house cleaning; the best I've had for such a reasonable price! Their staff always does such a wonderful job, and are sure to complete any room with complete satisfaction! I never have concern with Pristine's staff being in my home. They treat it with as much care as their own homes. So glad we found this service. A true gem! The only cleaning service I will use in Las Vegas.
1	Worst cleaning service ever! Please don't use them. Where do I begin?..... They spilled  wax from my wax burner all over my nightstand, floor, and wall. To top it off they didn't say a word and tried to cover it up with a heating pad I have next to the bed. When I called to complain the guy seemed like he could care less. He offered  me a free hour of cleaning and expected me to clean the wax myself. In response to you saying no one was home you your cleaning crew made my girlfriend late to work and charged her an extra $30.00 for the extra half hour of cleaning!
5	I bought this service for my mom for Mother's Day and she absolutely loved her present.  She said the house was sparkling clean and the maids were very professional and courteous.
5	Fast, efficient and reasonably priced. I would recommend this company to anyone. They sent a 3-person crew and cleaned my entire house in a couple hours, and did a great job.
4	When I booked the appointment they were very helpful and easy to schedule a cleaning right away. Lorenzo who set the appointment up was super friendly and informative. The apartment came out so clean. They did a really good job. Our stove looks so new and none of those brown stains. Our bathroom was my biggest thing I wanted cleaned. They cleaned it so well it looks like the way it was when I first moved in.So they were supposed to come between 12:30 to 1 pm. Well it was 2 pm and they didn't show up so I called them and they told me that they were running late due to short staff. I wish I was notified so I could reschedule. Well I waited since they said they will be at my apartment by 2:30 and I really wanted to have all this done by 4 pm before I had go to work. But they didn't show up until 3:00 which was starting to frustrate me because I wanted this done before I had to leave work so I knew if they needed to stay late. They ended up staying for 3 hours, which I understand since they were short staffed. And I believe they might have ran out of cleaning supplies as well, so I honestly believe they did their best and it turned out super clean. Overall it was a rough start but I'm pretty satisfied with how it turned out. I just wish there had been better communication so I can make rearrangements.
5	I was so happy with my decision to hire Pristine cleaning! From calling to schedule to the moment I came home to my beautifully cleaned house :) I was a little apprehensive to hire a cleaning service as I do a good job keeping up with the cleaning in my house and did not know if it would be worth it however I knew a company would do the corners and cracks I don't have time to get to and that's exactly what they did! I would not hesitate to book again! A+++! THANK YOU!
4	The cleaning service was very good. There was 3 people who came and cleaned every inch of my house in 2 hours. Only negative is they broke the 1 glass I had near the sink with no other dishes around. I took off 1 star because they came 2 and a half hours late due to another clients house being dirtier than expected. But to there defense I was texted before my scheduled time and given a timetable to when they would be showing up.Overall I would use this company again and suggest you to do the same.
4	3 cleaners came for 2.5 hours and cleaned my 2000 sq ft house. I was pretty surprised at how much they accomplished.  I told them to get as much done as they could in 2.5 hours.  They got the whole house cleaned in that time. They removed tons of dust.  Bathrooms really shined.  I didn't  know they were going to vacuum the couches. That was a nice surprise.  Only downside was one of them knocking down my baby gate and the cleaning supplies causing my husband to cough a lot.  I would use this service again but would ask them not to use whatever they cleaned the cabinets/tables with.  It would've taken me 2 days to do what they did in 2.5 hours.  Well worth what I paid.
5	Pristine did a great job. They were right on time, worked quickly, and were very thorough. They even paid attention to the small details like straightening up clothing that was scattered, dusting in hard to reach areas, etc. Highly recommended!
4	This service accomplished in 2 hours what other cleaning services couldn't even fathom to hold their staff up to in a scheduled 8 hour cleaning shift. Very thorough, no wasting of time, and the place smelled natural, not chemical. I am definitely giving them my loyalty again
5	Pristine House Cleaning is an awesome service that cleaned my house very professionally!I have had two other services the last one mayberry maids sucked!If you want your house cleaned well call them.Thanks for everything and we will see you soon!take care!Eddy
4	We are very pleased with Pristine's service.  It was our first time using them.  They accommodated us despite our short notice for a move out cleaning service.  The three team crew was top notch and on time!  They did a fantastic job cleaning the interior/exterior of the stove and refrigerator and they now look brand new!  Kitchen looks and feels clean.  The bathrooms and floors were so clean that we were afraid of leaving footprints!  No doubt we will use their service again in the future.  We highly recommend Pristine for house cleaning service.
5	I love using pristine to clean our home. They are very consumer service oriented and really get to know you. I have recommended pristine to friends and family and they have been thrilled. The home is always cleaned well and they are very trustworthy.  Rebecca rosenstein
4	I needed a thorough cleaning service for a vacation home that I had just listed.  However, being out of State presented some logistical challenges for me.  So, I contacted Pristine Cleaning and they were very responsive and great with communication.  They were able to go out to my property within a day and helped to clean the interior.  They also were great with coordinating with my RE agent.  My only minor gripe was they were supposed to invoice me before charging my cc, but didn't do so.  However, upon contacting them, they were quick to respond.  I appreciate their quick interaction and response throughout the entire process.
4	They did a lot more than what I expected. Will definitely use again! Minus a star because they were late though.
4	We hired Pristine to do a Move-In cleaning for the rental we just leased. The rental house was a dirty, dirty mess. They were supposed to arrive between 11am and noon. They didn't get there until 12:30pm, which wasn't an issue, though I would suggest coming up with a procedure to alert customers of actual arrival time.They sent three ladies who immediately got to work and worked their tails off. I was quoted three hours, but  after they got started, the ladies asked if they could stay four hours to do a better job, which was fine. They did a good job! There are parts that could have been better and they didn't clean on top of the cabinets, but other than that, I appreciated everything they did. I called and asked for the bill to be emailed to me and he never followed through with that. I felt good about the work that was done here and would hire them again. A few little things could have changed our great service to outstanding. Overall, a good choice. :)
5	Extremely happy with my experience. Very thorough, very reasonably priced and friendly. I strongly recommend!!
5	My house needed a good cleaning as I was moving out and it was up for sale. Pristine came through and cleaned it top to bottom.I am very satisfied with the job that the two women did. I am even more satisfied with the customer service provided. I had originally booked my appointment to be the day after movers came and removed all my belongings from my house. The movers cancelled last minute and I had to scramble to find another crew. I found a crew but they were coming the same morning as my appointment with Pristine. Amy and another gentlemen went above and beyond the call of duty to find someone to switch appointment times for me so that I could have my house cleaned after all of my things had been removed from my home. Definitely recommend Pristine!
4	The girls who came out were great! Very nice, and they never stopped working hard on my home! They even did more than what I asked them to do.. Made our move-in less stressful. I will definitely use them again when the time comes that I need a deep cleaning.
4	Pristine's ladies showed up right on time and began kicking butt to do a deep clean of mom's house in Vegas, which she hasn't been able to clean like she used to. The place was spotless within 2.5 hours. The stove, floors, carpet, cabinets, dusting. They did a great job! Will use them again!
4	These guys really do a great job. My place was in disarray and needed some quick work and they can typically schedule you with 24-48 hours notice.
5	I bought a 15 year old luxury home that, while well maintained by a housekeeper, needed a "deep cleaning." Based on Yelp reviews, I hired Pristine. They were terrific. On arrival, they commented that although the house looked "fine," it wasn't up to their standards, and got to work. 3 people worked all day. Other than a lunch break, I always saw them working away, climbing up ladders to reach high shelves, getting down on the floor, scrubbing tiny crevices with QTips. They were outstanding!  When they were done, I hired them for ongoing bi-weekly cleaning!
5	My rental property is 7 bedrooms and 4 full baths and my house was spotless! The price beat every other cleaning service on Yelp as well. The cleaning crew was on time and very professional. I was so impressed with their service I am going to have my rental cleaned every 3 months for my tenants. I just can't beat the price to make my tenants happy and to maintain my property! Highly recommend!
5	The three ladies from Pristine Cleaning showed up on time, put on booties and  immediately started working. They were quick and efficient. They all worked separately and as a team. Two hours later, the house was spotless and the extra touches like fan folding the wash cloths and tissues showed their professionalism and attention to detail. I will definitely  use them again.
5	The last few months have been hectic with a lot of house guests in and out of my small house and it really needed a deep clean. I reviewed several house cleaning services on the Internet and decided to pick Pristine. What I really liked immediately was a phone call the day before from the woman who would be coming with her crew of three. Then again when they were on their way. They showed up as scheduled and I was very impressed with their gear. They had everything they needed to clean my home and then some! With no wasted time, they went over everything with me as to my exact needs for every room, and they did a fantastic job! Every room was cleaned very well from top to bottom. After they finished, the lead girl asked me to go around and make sure everything was done to my satisfaction. It sure was. I highly recommend Pristine and not only for their good cleaning services, but the fact they have a crew working together and not just one person showing up, plus their communication with the customer is excellent.
5	I called Pristine on a Sunday and needed a same day deep cleaning.  I didn't think I would be able to find anyone to accomodate that request.  Lorenzo acted like it was no problem and got back to me in 5 minutes to confirm.  Very easy to schedule and the cleaners showed up exactly when he said.  I called Pristine based on Yelp reviews and I'm glad I did!  They exceeded my expectations....Still can't believe that I was able to get same day service on a Sunday! Thanks, Pristine!
5	The Pristine House Cleaning Group has done a fantastic job on cleaning my entire home in Las Vegas.  They took the time to clean throughly and they are a very nice crew.  I highly recommend them!
4	Great work! Dedicated and fast employees!Only tip: Make sure you discuss how they charge prior to having them come. There was some confusion - however they were very willing to clear up any misunderstanding and help ensure that I'll be a repeat customer. I am also very appreciative of their availability - they always manage to find a time that will work for you.
5	Used the company for move out cleaning from our rental property.  The house was immaculate when they were finished. Very pleased and would recommend them for your cleaning needs.
5	Our elderly mom's house needed a lot of tending to: dog hair everywhere, dust as far as the eye could see, and deep-cleaning of all the essential surfaces (kitchen, bathrooms, floors, counters, porcelain, etc.). Like other reviews, I was impressed when the team of three came in, donned their masks, gloves and sanitary slippers, and dug in! About three or four hours later, every inch of the 2200 square feet of house was spotless. Dusted every bookshelf, the high pot-shelves, the china cabinet, the glass display cabinets and shelves -- along with all the stuff that they removed, cleaned and replace on the shelves. I loved that they brought their own heavy-power vacuum, tools and cleaning supplies. They arrived a little early, which was far better than waiting around for them; and they were fast, efficient and professional.We also slated a follow-up carpet shampooing, which was also excellent. The only challenge was that the carpet shampooing had to be rescheduled to the following day at the last minute, which was a bit inconvenient, but the quality and fast (less than 90 minutes) turn-around was fantastic. It was a one-man crew, and he did a great job.All the crew members were polite, professional and did a super job. I will use Pristine again!
4	They did a good job cleaning our home. We called in the morning and they came in the afternoon. They were very affordable we would use them again.
5	Buying a short sale in town that was in pretty rough condition.  The yelp reviews convinced me to take a chance.  Over 4000 sf, multiple appliances with mold, hard water damage to EVERY surface imaginable.  Pristine sent 4 ladies that worked from 8-4.  It DID take them longer than they had originally estimated, but well worth it.  We had gotten another quote for more than twice the amount we were charged.  All in all, under $600!  I'm a definite nit picker when it comes to clean.  One door frame top was missed and one door back, but really it would have been easy to overlook those areas when the WHOLE house was a train wreck.  We will certainly be calling again for a pre-holiday clean, and even my in laws are planning to call after seeing the job that was done.
5	Pristine sent a team of three and they did and especially good job.  I've had lots of cleaning people in my time but none have been so thorough or so fast and hard-working.  We are going to have them begin coming every two weeks. cleaning is now one less thing I have to worry about.
1	Schedule to have my house cleaned today. My wife is having her baby shower this weekend and she wanted the house to look really nice. The company sent me a text saying they would be an hour late. Two hours later, no one has came or called. What a joke of a company!
5	I highly recommend pristine cleaning services.  I hired them to clean my house before selling it and you wouldn't believe how great it looks now.  The floors were like new, the stove and oven looked like they had never been used and even the water spots on my glass shower were completely gone.  The cleaning ladies were very friendly and trustworthy, and Lorenzo was a huge help and very accommodating.  I'll definitely use them the next time I need a cleaning service.
5	Great job!  My house is very clean.  My shower has never been so clean.  Sent a text the evening before as a reminder.
5	Highly recommend. The cleaners were friendly and very thorough. They arrived within the time frame and took about 3 hours for a large 3 bedroom condo that needed extra cleaning in the bathrooms and kitchen area, as we had just moved in. Will definitely be working with them again!
5	I hired Pristine cleaning to clean my house from top to bottom including cleaning the carpets before I list my home. I called and they were able to schedule an appointment within two days. They arrived on time and were very friendly. They did an amazing job. I was scared because being a military family we have had to use people to clean our homes before and no one ever did a good job. I was so happy to come home and see everything spotless. I was in awe of what a thorough job they did. I would highly recommend this company.
5	I found Prestine Cleaning on Angies List.  They crew showed up right on time and got to work.  The deal was for 6 hours of work (2 girls for 3 hours).  They showed up just before 10.  About 1230 they still had some work to do, and they made sure that they got it all done before they left.  I have a 3 bedroom house by myself.  My job keeps me busy at all hours of the day, and sometimes I get behind on the little details. The girls came in and cleaned all the little places that don't get the attention that they should.  The house was spotless by the end.  I plan on having them come over once in a while.  Nothing better then coming home after long hours in the casino to a spotless house.
5	Pristine Cleaning sent three friendly, excellent cleaners to my home last week for two hours of cleaning.  They were on time and started work immediately.  They vacuumed and dusted three bedrooms and changed the linen in two of the rooms.  They cleaned and sanitized three bathrooms, two with walls of glass.  There were no streaks or watermarks anywhere when they were finished.  They cleaned the hardwood floors in the hallways, kitchen, and breakfast room and moped the tile in the bathrooms, entry foyer, and laundry room.  They did an excellent job cleaning stainless steel appliances and granite countertops in the kitchen.  They even went so far and to clean the inside of my convection oven and my microwave.  They timed their cleaning perfectly and were finished with everything I asked them to do with five minutes to spare.Overall, I was more than pleased with the work Pristine did for me; I've already booked them for a second appointment.
5	Excellent customer service and their business name says it all!  The cleaners that showed up were very friendly, efficient, detailed, and hard working.  It truly was a pristine job!! The carpet cleaner guy showed up early and was super friendly as well.  The carpet looked amazing.  We also received a follow up message the day after the job to ensure that we were happy with the service.  That was impressive considering I have never had a business follow up.  We will definitely use them again.
5	I'm always tired when I come home from work and I decided to hire a cleaning company.  I honestly have nothing bad to say about this company. They do an amazing job every time and they are affordable.  I wouldn't look anywhere else. Give them a call and see for yourself.
4	Superior work from the team they sent to my home. A little bit of a language barrier and a few times we had to clear up what we wanted cleaned and what we did not. Once we managed that piece the timing and quality of the cleaning was stellar. The team worked the whole time without a break. They were safe, respectful and hard-working.
4	I was a little skeptical at first because when I inquired about cleaning my 2 bedroom, 2 bath 800+ SF apartment, I was told 3 girls for 2-3 hours. I thought to myself, what in the world are 3 people going to clean in this small apartment for 2-3 hours and at double what I was paying before? It's just me and my 19 year old son living here and we clean up after ourselves but I was unhappy with the cleaning service I had been using, to the extent that I missed a month if cleaning. I e-mailed Amy and decided to give them a try. Two ladies showed up on time but to the wrong apartment building, TOTALLY MY FAULT!!! I have them my simple instructions and left them to do their job. I can back 2 hours later and my apartment smelled and looked great!! I didn't realize how badly it needed cleaning since I missed last month. I am so very happy with their service and how they cleaned that I sent Amy a text and complimented the ladies on a great job and asked if they could clean every month. Since two ladies come, and they do an amazing job, I don't mind spending the extra money. And since it was their first service and I hadn't had the apartment cleaned last month, it was well worth it. Thank you, Pristine Cleaning!!!!
5	Super responsive and great customer service by Lorenzo and team. I needed a last minute appointment for cleaning of 4-1300sq ft 3bd/2ba homes for work project and they were able to accommodate my request. The cleaners were very thorough and attentive and worked back to back on  a very hot day. It was approximately about 2hr/s house and made a HUGE difference. If I lived in the area I would definitely use Pristine for my personal residence!
5	Simple put outstanding job.  My windows were in horrible condition and they now look like new!!!  Price is right
5	I was offered a free cleaning because of their previous no show and I took them up on their offer. They did a really great job. They showed up on time and three ladies did a great job cleaning. Everyone makes mistakes, but a company that rectifies their mistake is alright by me. We will for sure this them again in the future.
5	I had my first cleaning with pristine last week they showed up on time with three ladies and did a fantastic job I would recommend them to anyone
3	I have been a customer for a few months.  What sold me was that I was promised a team would come at the time I requested.  The truth is that I will get a range of time the team will arrive.  Some teams have shown up early, later, and much later.  Some teams clean well, others have had to re-clean an area a few times.  The team members always ask me to check their cleaning and are very willing to rectify a bad job.  I have had 2 or 3 person teams.  If they break something, provide proof and the company will reimburse you or compensate you in another way.  I have requested the same team members clean my house numerous times but it never happens.  I'm always told by management that they can't guarantee the same team members which is frustrating.  It is nice that they provide small garbage bags and wear shoe covers in your house.
5	This team is organized, show up on time and even a following up text! Team did an amazing job with very reasonable price too, will defly recommend to everyone.
5	These guys do some great work!  When searching for a cleaning service you can always find "cheaper" deals, but remember, you get what you paid for. The staff at pristine are very professional and personal. If you have a last minute change or request, they will do their best to work with you. Now THAT'S customer service. Offering guaranteed cleanings is also a plus. I can be a stickler at times, so if something wasn't clean to my standards, they would come back and re-clean it! I would definitely recommend using pristine cleaning for any of your cleaning service needs.
4	Two cleaners came they both were pretty good. Their manager came at the end finished the rest of cleaning on time. I will call them again!!!
1	Never showed up, never called.  I Scheduled a move out clean the day before handing over the keys. I told Lorenzo how important it was that  the house get cleaned and that the crew show up on time. They were no shows forcing me to hand over a dirty house and have the cleaning be taken out of my security deposit. I guess they just don't value what they must think are one time customers. Little did they know that I need new biweekly service on a new 4000 square foot house going forward.
5	I found this company through yelp.  The ratings were high.  I read a few reviews.  Impressive.  I decided to call for a quote to clean the windows of my house.    I reached a pleasant person, who transferred me to Lorenzo in the department for window cleaning.  He quoted me the prices for windows and sliding doors.  The quotes were for inside and outside of each window and door.  The prices were acceptable.  Lorenzo then scheuled me for the service.     The day of the cleaning the person came out on time  and did a thorough job.  He took his time to put on the shoe covers when walking in my house.  The job took a couple of hours due to the many windows and being a 2 story home.  I had not had the windows cleaned for about 4 years.     After he was done, WOW, the place looked so open, new, and fresh.  All in all the this whole experience was great.  I would use this company again and refer them to friends.   Thanks Pristine Cleaning.
4	My husband  and i were very pleased  with the house cleaning  service we received from  Pristine!  The cleaners were very prompt and professional.  Our house  sparkled after they left! We have already scheduled another appointment.
5	Needed to have our house cleaned real well since it wasn't clean when we moved in recently. I looked online for a company with great ratings and found Pristine. I emailed them and got a response from Amy almost immediately! She went over pricing with me and we scheduled the cleaning for that week. The women that came to clean the house were very nice and did an AMAZING job!! We were so thrilled we tipped everyone! They were very thorough and completed the job in a timely and very professional manner. We now have them coming on a weekly basis! Thanks so much Amy and Pristine!
5	Pristine  cleaners at my house this week and my home is beautiful!  Prompt and friendly,  the cleaning was flawless and went beyond my expectations!
4	Overall I think this company does a very good job.  I feel there are minor things to improve upon, but sending 3 staff to clean my home over a 2 hour period is a winner in my book.  I will be signing up for long term services.  Thank you.
5	I found this company through Yelp.  I was impressed with the reviews, but I was even more impressed with their work.  WOW.  They deserve every one of those starts.  The quote was very reasonable and the cleaning was extremely thorough.  They arrived on time which was a huge plus in my book.  I would recommend this company to family and friends.  You won't be disappointed if you call this crew-they are awesome!
5	I've used a different house cleaning company previously and had a horrible experience so was hesitant to try again. However, after removing all carpets from my new house, I found that cleaning the floors killed my back so decided to give it another try with Pristine since they had great reviews.Time got away from me, and my whole house had become pretty filthy, so I decided to have them clean the whole house during their first visit and just do the floors in the future. The ladies from Pristine did a fantastic job.I was given an 8:00-10:00 window, and the three cleaners showed up around 9:00. They had me give them a quick tour around the house and promptly got to work. I didn't hear any cell phone conversations like I did with the woman from the previous company, but I did hear them working hard throughout their entire stay.They left the house spotless and managed things I thought were impossible like streak-free stainless steel and shiny end tables. Everything looked like new, and they even cleaned inside the microwave, which I was grateful for since some fish exploded in there, and I've been finding bits and pieces for months.The house is about 2100 square feet, and they finished everything in about 2.5 hours. I was very happy with both the quality of the cleaning and the work ethic of these ladies. I'm definitely looking forward to having them back!
5	I've used a different cleaning company every time I've had to get my rental property cleaned. This time I used Pristine Cleaning and I've finally found a company that I will commit to! I needed my rental property cleaned for an open house, and I waited until the last minute to schedule a cleaning. I used Pristine's online request form and received a call back from immediately. Lorenzo was extremely helpful to coordinate around my schedule, and Pristine was there the very next morning. They showed up on time and did an extremely thorough job. I was completely satisfied with the quality of service. Even more impressive then the cleaning however was their customer service. They were extremely helpful with my last minute request, the crew that showed up was professional and courteous, and I was equally impressed when I got a follow up call a day later making sure I was satisfied with the service. In all my experiences I never received a follow up! Meghan genuinely wanted to make sure I had the best possible experience, and they clearly went above and beyond both industry standards and my expectations. I hardly ever write reviews but I'm happy to pass on recommendations for companies that really stand out and put in the extra effort. Pristine Cleaning's quality of work and customer service has set an exemplary business model that I wish more companies would follow.
5	Very happy with this company! I will be using them again.  I also refered them to a friend and they were just as pleased as I was.  Friendly and hard working.  Left the house sparkling and even cleaned the inside of the oven which was a nice suprise!
5	Excellent, efficient, and economical!  I needed a move-in cleaning, and the ladies showed up on time, were extremely courteous, and cleaned every nook and cranny of my townhouse.  Thanks to their excellent work, I could take care of other errands and relax all weekend since I wasn't worried about cleaning the bathrooms or dusting the house from top to bottom.  I was so impressed that I have scheduled regular house cleanings from Pristine Cleaning!
5	Had to clean our rental that we lived in for 5 years. Too tired to clean after moving so called this company. Right away they were professional over the phone; courteous and friendly. To cut to the chase, they cleaned the rental beyond our expectations! We got our full deposit back.
4	I used the Pristine Cleaning services for the time after reading all the good reviews. I filled out the quote request form online and was contacted by email very shortly. There estimate was the most expensive from all the other companies I got a quote from. I called in to get a better idea of what is included. Very friendly dispatcher answered all my questions. 3500sf home, 4br, 4bath $300 include: 3 maids, 4 hours, i think it was $60 each additional hour, cleaning supplies. If I was going to use them bi-weekly the price goes down to $160, weekly $130. I called on Thursday and they were able to accommodate me for Saturday, which is great for such short notice. I had to give them my CC number even though I informed them I was paying cash. I was given an 11am to 1pm time window.On the day of appointment, 3 English speaking maids (a Star just for that) showed up right on time, even a few minutes earlier. They had all the necessary tools. After showing them the house, they got right to work, 4 hours no breaks. They did an amazing job on the kitchen, the rest of the house was just ok. Honestly, no different than the other company I used before. They finished on time, asked if everything was ok, I wish I checked before saying yes :). What I didn't like: the maids didn't clean all the way under the bed, the company doesn't have a ladder tall enough to clean the ceiling fans and light fixtures (I do have 30+ feet ceiling though), they didn't clean the marks on the walls that my kids leave.My overall satisfaction level is 4 stars and I would probably used them again.
5	had 3 ladies come and clean my empty home and they worked 4 1/2 hours non stop I would definitely recommend them.
5	With the Holiday Season quickly approaching and a number of house guest arriving over the next couple months we needed help getting some of the heavy duty cleaning done at our place. My wife turned to Yelp! (As we often do) and found Pristine Cleaning.  I have never had a cleaning service at my house so I was a little apprehensive about the outcome, but by the end of the day I was thrilled.  We hired a team of three workers because we wanted every pot shelf, fixture and light bulb to be spotless. During the 3 hour service these three ladies made our house look great. They cleaned inside kitchen cabinets, polished our stainless steel appliances, shined the bathrooms up and made the place sparkle. There was no time wasted with conversation or down time, they worked for 3 hours. One of the ladies even went as far as scrubbing down my old garage sink. They were incredible!  Our first wave of visitors have come and gone but we plan to have the folks from Pristine make a return visit to get us prepped for the next group. I don't hesitate for one minute to refer anyone to Pristine.
5	I have used Pristine twice and they have done a wonderful job both times. I plan on using them again in the future. The last time they got through about 15 minutes early and one of the ladies cleaned the front porch, no one asked her to do that. I recommend highly.
5	The company was very flexible waiting for my house to close.   The previous owners had 12 dogs in the house and they did great.   They worked so hard we brought them back the next day to work another 4 hours.   I will definitely use them for maintenance cleaning in the future.   4000 sf house and scrubbed it all so we could move in.Thanks Pristine
5	We found the Pristine Cleaning crew very thorough and professional.  They cleaned our large house from top to bottom, from ceiling fans to base boards.  We were so impressed that we scheduled them for regular cleanings.
4	Went with the 2 hour, 3 cleaner deal for $150. They take $20 off the bill if you leave a review on yelp, so it came to $130. The three cleaning ladies called 1/2 hour before arriving, came on time, and got right to work.  Things I liked: Fridge cleaned perfectly, glass sliding door in bathroom cleaned well, countertops cleaned perfectly, and they took their trash with them. I also asked them to clean my bagless vacuum , and they did that too. They missed the floors in the 2 of the bathrooms, and missed some spots on the walls that I had asked to be cleaned. Overall, very happy with the service. Perhaps a four hour deal would have gotten everything, two hours was a little too quick. I would use again.
5	We found Pristine online,  and hired them to clean an apartment we were moving out of.  They did a great job,  and what a help not having to keep cleaning supplies at the old place, etc and make a trip back across town to clean it myself.  We liked their work, so we have decided to hire them for a once a month service at the new apartment.  They completed our first cleaning this Monday, and they did a great job in the new place as well.  I will not hesitate to recommend them,  they do a very nice job.  We are very happy :)
5	This review is for Pristine House Cleaning serving Vegas/Carlsbad CA. I had different people/companies coming to clean my house. Comparing to them, Pristine House Cleaning is far more superior than others. Let's just say that after the service, I will only call on Pristine Cleaning for all my cleaning needs.  Even when there was a mix-up with the billing, Jason was fast and excellent service to provide me the refunds in a speedy manner.  Angela and Laura (I forgot the name of the 2nd lady) did an outstanding job, with my entire house spotless from top to bottom.  They did a fantastic job taking off the dirt/stain/...etc..that employees of other companies failed.  Kudos to you !!  P/S. Their info is below.Jennifer Robinson=====507 S Tremont StOceanside, Ca 92054LV:(O)(702) 755-2107W: www.pristinehousecleaning.comE: sd@pristinehousecleaning.com
5	I love Pristine Cleaning!! We had them come clean prior to Christmas and were so impressed we decided to start having them come out every two weeks! They honestly go above and beyond and the house just feels GREAT when they are done! The deep cleaning of the blinds and fans and oh gosh just everything! I big puffy heart these women! In the time the two kiddos who go to half day school are gone... They undid all the chaos having four kids home for two weeks had caused!! Thanks Pristine Cleaning!!! We love you!!
5	I was very satisfied with my recent encounter with Pristine Cleaning. When they initially came out, we had issues with the water & gas in our house so they had to leave & reschedule a better time. They were more than happy to work with us through this. They did a great job cleaning our new home. Everything was ready for us to move in & I couldn't be happier. I've scheduled another appointment for them to do a "move out" cleaning of our previous home.
5	After not using a professional service for a couple of years, I called Pristine. The owner, Lorenzo, returned my call  promptly and I scheduled an appointment. The cleaning team  (I choose 3 people for 2 hours) arrived promptly. They worked hard without wasting time and were very thorough. The kitchen and bathrooms were especially impressive. They gleamed. After they left my wife and I found a couple of minor problems that were not a big deal. I highly recommend Pristine. We will definitely use them again.
