4	No samples here.  And there's not another one in Arizona. You won't find socks or frozen foods, but you will find a selection of astro-turf/fake grass options. As you can tell, it's not your mama's Costco.  Costco Home is pretty much that - everything you could want for your home.  Furniture, mattresses, art, rugs - and much of it is displayed in groupings so you can try it out and imagine how it would all look together.  Want a low price - go to Ikea.  This isn't about cheap prices. Instead, Costco Home wants to give you the best prices on higher quality/higher priced items.  So you might find cheaper things elsewhere, this is going to be a higher quality generally speaking.  And no, you don't have to buy your furniture in bulk.  One at a time works just fine.  My favorite area is their patio section.  There are so many outdoor areas set up - outdoor bars, large custom bbq's, backdoor putting greens and even simple patio furniture.  It feels like you're walking through one of those home and garden shows.  And just in case you really need a huge container of toilet paper or you just can't survive without a hot dog, there is a regular Costco right next door.  Not bad at all...
4	Kristin C. did a great job, but I will add my voice.  I love Costco Home because it does have high quality furniture at a good value.  If you want cheap, head down the road to IKEA because this is not the place.  They do have coupon books and you do have to be a member.  The selection is huge.  The best selection of rugs I have found.  They have window treatments, all kinds of furniture (bedroom, dining, living room, etc.) , silk plants, paintings, office furniture, patio furniture, faux grass and putting greens, water fountains, TV's, huge selection of recliners, and some home appliances (refrigerators, washers, dryers, dish washers, etc.).We are very lucky to have a Costco Home in Arizona.  There is only one other in Washington State.  The regular Costco is next door for your other needs.
4	Thanks to Kristin C. and John S. for posting about Costco Home! I never knew such a place existed.  And I agree that we are lucky to have one of these here.  We bought two very nice desks for our home office today and I was pleasantly surprised at the selection and quality.  Both items were in stock so that made it even better.  Also, my number one most absolute favorite thing about this place.....NO SHARKS!!! hahaha...  For those of you who have been furniture shopping lately, you know what I'm talkin' about.  For those of you who don't, a shark is a furniture sales person who is somewhat similar in demeanor to a used car salesman.  No offense to our hardworking Americans who sell furniture for a living...but it's a little creepy when you jump out from behind that armoir out of nowhere and ask me for the tenth time "Anything I can help you with?"
5	Great prices and service. The delivery process could be improved but for the price and peace of mind with the Costco warranty process you cant go wrong. High quality furniture and very low prices.
4	This place is awesome. I decided to redo my living room and bought a microfiber sofa sectional that came with a matching ottoman. This is the way to go. You can lay out on it while watching movies. So much better than putting your feet up on a coffee table. And it was only $1k. Saw this style for twice as much everywhere else. It did take about 6 weeks for delivery, but this was a quality sectional at a great price and delivery was free so it was well worth the wait. I also purchased a plasma TV and a TV stand. The stand was a great quality cherry console with 2 drawers and 2 cabinets on each side with glass fronts. This was a heavy duty sturdy piece for only $350. The only thing I had to assemble was putting in the glass shelves in the cabinets. Although I love Target I've seen stuff there for almost as much and some pieces that were even $100 more that still required assembly and were of so-so quality. This was a great deal. This item did not include delivery and was picked up at the store. They have great quality furniture and electronics for a great price. Lots of stuff here. Living room sets, bedroom furniture and bedding sets, prints, electronics, dining tables, patio furniture, and all kinds of other stuff to decorate your home. I plan on coming back here once I am ready to purchase a new bedroom set.
4	I loved going to this store, however for the most part, I purchased small ticket items (under $200).  The Costco Home Store offered many reasonably priced quality products/items.  This store was a pleasure to shop in - especially around the holidays.  Unfortunately, this business entity was unable to endure the economy and went out of business.
