5	I brought in a pair of leather boots that were too tight at the calf. I was inquiring about getting them stretched. The owner advised against this as it had a zipper. He suggested another alternative.   I just picked up my boots today and they were very nicely done.  Great service!
5	Saved me from buying new luggage, re-soled a vintage pair of shoes and shined my shoes to a gleaming glow!  Owner is very helpful and extremely skilled at doing all types of repair.  Fantastic local business to support.  Does high quality work at reasonable prices!
5	I have always had the best experience here! The workmanship is of such high quality! I have had my bags cleaned and the leather cleansed and my shoes repaired! I highly recommend this luxury shoe and bag repair store!
5	Found this place on yelp and I was very happy with the work they did on both my dress shoes and luggage that had a broken strap. Pretty reasonably priced also
5	I've been all over Scottsdale and tried multiple shoe and luggage repair shops and this one is absolutely the best. The owner is a great craftsman and charges a very reasonable rate ....whether it's soling of shoes, complex leather work or luggage handle and seam reclamation, he's excellent at his craft. I would recommend anyone who wants an honest and affordable solution to their shoe and leather problems to visit this establishment.AW Scottsdale
5	So I met a cute bearded ginger on OkCupid and we went on a few dates. He was a little bit intense, wanting to "talk about us" after two dates and making plans for next year so far in advance that my calendar didn't even go that far ahead, and I was planning on cutting him loose after our third date, but then he said he got me a present and I'm a total asshole so I agreed to a fourth date and man, am I happy that I did! He showed up with a GORGEOUS pair of Frye boots that I had mentioned I was saving for. I gave him an awkward closed-mouth kiss and sent him on his merry way. The only problem? These amazing boots couldn't slide up over my skinny jeans, no matter how hard I tried. I wailed and gnashed my teeth, then started researching shaft stretching on the Internet. After hurriedly changing my search to say "boot" shaft stretching, I found out that it's possible to stretch real leather using a stretching liquid. But I decided to not risk ruining the buttery leather by doing it myself, and a quick Yelp search of nearby shoe repair shops led me here. I schlepped in, boots in hand, and he suggested that instead of trying to stretch the leather, we add a nylon zipper to the inside. GENIUS. After only a four day wait (they were done a day earlier than I was quoted), I picked up a perfectly altered pair of knee-high Frye boots. The zipper looks like it was born there, and it added an inch to the calf circumference. My beefy calves rejoiced, I dumped the bearded ginger, and I did the Truffle Shuffle all the way home. Ten out of ten, would bring my leather here again.
5	what can I say but Herman is a diamond in this town. His workmanship blows everything out of the water. I went here based on Tara's review about her Frye boots. Unlike Tara I needed a few inches added to my frye boots I got brand new for $60 bucks. Herman was not only able to add a few inches but a zipper with leather similar to the boot. It looks absolutely gorgeous and I am excited to wear these bad boys around. I have seen a lot of his work and if you find bargains at Last Chance bring them here to be refreshed, cleaned or refurbished. He breathes new life into these items.To anyone that needs to get their boots widen for their giant calves like mines RUN not walk over here. Also if you get a good leather pair a cobbler like Herman can keep fresh for years to come with his great resoling work.  I will write another review when I get my prada heels and Tory burch wedges I found at LC slightly damaged back from his hospital for shoes.
