5	Helpful, friendly staff. Great selection of food and supplies for dogs, cats, birds, fish, rodents and amphibians. They sell cats (many roam the store, so watch your step!), birds, fish and other little beasts, too! They also offer fantastic dog obedience classes and pet grooming -actually, I give them an extra high rating because of the great job they did shaving my cat! Half as expensive as most places and they let me witness/help out as needed, which is much less stressful for my mankitty than the places that require you to drop off your pet for a few hours (or the day).
4	They are your local friendly pet and fish supply store. They even stayed open past their close when we un knowlingly walked in right at close, even encouraged us to take our time. They also have dog classes and grooming which are all reasonably priced. Two downsides: watch out for the cats they are everywhere and when we brought our dog to get her nails trimmed they were nervous of her eatting them. Makes me wonder if they treat all dogs that way? Also because they are a smaller store they have a smaller selection but they do specialize in healthy and unique dog foods.
5	I have been going here since I was a small child. I love Noah's Ark!! The best part is they allow their kittens that are for sale to run free in the shop. It's great! You can play with kittens while you shop! I've gotten some wonderful cats from this store and would highly suggest you support this locally owned pet shop!!
4	Two more things to add:They have a food program where if you buy 12 bags, the 13th is free. Everytime you buy food, they mark it on a card they keep at the store, and even if you buy the 40 pound bag, the 13th=free! You do have to ask about it, they don't exactly advertize it.We currently have our dog in begening obediance. It's an 8 week class and she's had three classes so far. I realize they say, that to be a good dog teacher you probably arn't so great with humans but our teacher really isn't even that great of a teacher. Three classes and she's only introduced two things: orient to the left and what she calls 'calming' down. I also realize that you can't just take your dog to the class and expect them to know it, but if WE don't even know what to work with our dog on, how is our dog ever supposed to know?
1	Noah's Ark Pet Center?? More like, Nooooo way will i ever step foot in this ark pet center.From the moment we stepped foot in this store with our 4 month old puppy, we had an unwelcomed feeling from all of the employees. Walking into the store, you would have thought we had a rabid dog on our hands. Everyone seemed bothered that we even walked in to the store to help support the local businesses.We went in for a simple nail and hair trim, and the groomer acted like we were a burden on her apparent busy (and seemingly miserable) life.Nail trim? Decent. Hair trim? We wanted a basic trim around his face, basically so its out of his eyes. She gave him a trim that would bring back horrible memories of our childhood where our parents tried to give us haircuts, resulting in uneven cuts looking like they used a pair of rusty garden shears.no way.
5	Great place. I have been going there off/on for years!
5	A little store on the north side of Madison with a lot of character. The employees make a real effort to get to know the customers and help them in any way possible. The best part is the kittens in the store are not kept in cages but roam the store.
2	I have mixed feelings about this store.  I am a Northside resident and want to support local business but the customer service here is very poor.  I usually buy 2-40# bags of dog food at a time and am offered help to my car about 50% of the time.  The store is very dirty and the staff do not seem friendly or healthy--maybe the cat dander is activating their allergies?!?  I understand others appreciate the kittens and cats roaming free, but I have gotten home to realize the dog food bags have teeth marks and puncture holes in them.  I give them 2 stars for the buying program another customer mentioned, buy 12 bags get the 13th free.  Overall, this store is disappointing.
3	I have been here twice now.  I have left a little bit puzzled each time.  Their treat selection is on par but would cater to smaller dogs in my opinion.  Their dog food selection is hit or miss.  I was looking for science diet, large breed and they seemed to have science diet but odds and ends of formulas.  I also went in looking for options for one of my dogs that pulls...a lot.  I had mentioned that we already use a halti harness so she offered up the pronged collar.  I know there are a lot of different theories on dog training out there and this is an option but it was not something I would be trying.  The space might be a bit small for them as well as their many kittens.  I do love going in and petting the cats but at a certain point, it kind of got distracting.  Either way, I can usually get what I need without having to drive further than needed but if I need more than treats, dog bags or shampoo, I would go elsewhere.
