1	I know this probably won't matter seeing as how it is the only review, but I don't know what else to do about this place! I have been going here for my dentist work for years, although I will admit I hate having dental work done and I only go when I absolutely have to. First off, anyone who has ever been here will tell you that they stack their appointments, and I mean insanely stacked!! I ALWAYS waited at least an hour, if I had an appointment at 5pm I know I wasn't getting out of there until at least 7pm. I never complained about it or EVER made a fuss about waiting because I understand having more people than help as I work for a small business. Everyone that works there is super nice, considering they probably get to deal with angry customers all day long because of this stacking problem. Although timing has always been an irritation for me, the REAL reason I don't go to them anymore and am now writing this review is that they mutilated my mouth and DIDN'T CARE. That is the part I am astounded by. Everyone who works at Lake Mead Dental have always been beyond nice and accommodating, I am so shocked at the level of attention and service I received after this incident. Just to be clear, I was getting a cavity filled and my doctor slipped and used a polishing tool to take out a HUGE chunk of my cheek. I didn't feel it at the time, but as soon as the pain killer in my mouth wore off I couldn't eat anything or hardly move my mouth. To give you an idea of how big this hole was, I tried to eat a blueberry while I was still numb and it literally got CAUGHT in this gaping hole. The insult here was that the man said "Oh, I gave you a little nick. It should heal up in 24 hours." Well here I am a week later and still have a gaping hole in my mouth. He KNEW this! He is a dentist, he saw the damage, he should have taken care of it right then! Honestly, if he had said right then "I'm sorry I cut your mouth, here are some antibiotics and pain killers lets handle this" I would not be writing this review right now. I understand making mistakes, I just don't understand not trying to fix them. He did not give me any understanding of the severity of the wound, and he just let me leave the office because at the time I couldn't feel it because he numbed me! I will try to post a pic of the wound with my phone if YELP lets me. To add insult to injury, the same day the wound happened after the blueberry incident and the pain started coming back I drove back to them to have someone look at it. They didn't want me to come back, on the phone they said that they could send a pain prescription right to a pharmacy but I wanted someone to look at this. When I go in a doctor isn't there, and a lady gives me pain killer and mouthwash and tells me to come back  for another appointment later. The lady is REALLY nice, but she keeps saying "oh it's fine, it's fine." I understand you want to be comforting but I really needed someone to acknowledge how big of a mistake this was to not try and fix. So she gave me 800 ibuprofen.. they were useless I ended up having to take two of the hydrocodone pills I have left over from a surgery I had to get any relief. So I come back for the next appointment, and they have me waiting for 45 minutes!! I was so upset. I understand waiting when I have cavities and I am in line to see a doctor but making me wait on a check up appointment that I HAVE to go to because you MUTILATED me?! That is ridiculous! All you have to do is look at my wound and see if it is getting better or worse!! Can you give me five seconds after you disfigure my cheek?! (BTW, Still noticeably swollen to this day.)So this other doctor says to me that the main thing she is concerned with is the infection moving to my eye. INFECTION!? WHAT?!?! So she prescribes me a Z-Pack of antibiotics. I take those, they are kind of helping but I am still really concerned because of the dark color of the wound and the fact that my face is now turning yellow outside the wound. So I go in for another check up too see how the antibiotics worked and if I need more or whatever and they keep me waiting for over 30 minutes!! I got up and walked out without ever seeing the doctor, and I will never go back. My mouth is still in pain, if it gets worse I will just go to the E.R. I am never going back to this dentist again! I cannot fathom how you can mess up someone that bad, NOT tell them and make them come back later to be told IT WILL BE FINE only to find out they wanna keep infection from spreading to my EYES and then to be waiting for so long for someone to LITERALLY JUST LOOK AT ME! All they had to do was take 5 minutes and LOOK AT MY MOUTH after mutilating me. The staff at this place is so nice. I don't know who to blame for this. The dentist who did it, obviously, as he should have told me the severity of the wound right away!! But can I blame the person stacking appointments? Probably not, I am sure that it just her job requirement. Idk.
5	I was questioning going here because of the horrible review I saw. However a lot of my coworkers that go to this dentist office have never had one complain. Everything about this seemed perfect they are providers for my insurance and very close to my house. I decide one persons bad review can't determine all the good I've heard. So I gave them a shot. And I am glad I did. I called and made my appointment they were able to accommodate to my schedule and I had an appointment that same week. The two receptionist that greeted me when I arrived are the sweetest girl I've encountered. No wonder all my coworkers love them. I've gone for a few appointments and they have yet to be rude or moody like many others have been before. The whole staff is great even the doctor very patient and kind always smiling. I have to admit the dentist has always scared me. But not here I have not had a single problem. Definitely recommend this place!!!!!!!!!!! YOU WILL LOVE IT check them out.
4	It is true about waiting for your appointment. Don't book appointment unless you have the time to wait. Otherwise the dentist was very good. He was gentle, funny, explained everything and doesn't do anything that isn't necessary. I was told by another untrustworthy dentist my daughter needed 4 expensive veneers on her front teeth and it was clearly not true after seeing Lake Mead Dental. She may only need a crown in the future on one tooth! The dentist does great work. I recommend this office
4	I hate going to the dentist... I think everyone shares that sentiment. I have very good dental insurance which i don't pay until i reach a certain limit so after 20 plus years of not going I decided to suck it up get some much needed work done. This place had been recommended by quite a few of my coworkers so I decided to go... Jump ahead a couple years and I am still making my appointments. True, they do stack their appointments so expect to be there awhile, although that depends on the day and time. Today I had just checked in, sat down with my paperwork and they were calling me back and within an hour I was heading back home. This has happened a few times but the norm is a wait, so put on your patience hat... They are extremely friendly and make you feel very comfortable. The dentists are easy on the mouth and very professional. I am sad to read the review by Sarah, that situation really dumbfounds me and I only hope they make that right or at minimum learn from it. I would recommend  and have to my friends and family.
