3	They burned my tuna melt, what a dismal thing to have happen burned bread on a $6 dollar sandwich and since I had it wrapped to go I hadn't noticed until I was all the way back to my cubicle. I have plans to purchase a birthday cake here soon so stay tuned for an update.
5	Every baked good that I have ever tried at the Arcade Bakery has been absolutely superb.  The thumbprint cookies are my favorite and are a must try item.  I have also enjoyed the doughnuts, brownies, and sugar cookies.  The downtown Macy's (formerly Kaufmann's) has an awesome retro vibe, and the Arcade fits right in with its old school downtown quality.  Seating and space is somewhat limited, so you might want to plan your visit for an off peak time.
5	If you love cookies u must try the thumbprint cookie at Arcade Bakery located inside Macy's downtown. They have various types but the cheesecake thumbprint is a winner. I used to get the cookies with chocolate and vanilla swirled icing but they had a sample and I was hooked. The regular cookies have a thick icing the cheesecake thumbprint has a light icing. They're only $1.05 each.
5	On many levels, I consider myself a Macy's devotee.  Every day is a One-Day sale and my Macy's card gives me access to coupons that keep me surrounded in the best clothes, jewelry and home goods a cool $20 bill can buy.  My love of Macy's extends beyond the shoe rack to the Arcade Bakery - available only at the Downtown location.  This bakery has been a fixture in my life (and on my hips) for as long as my 35 year-old brain can remember.  Among their delights are the biggest, bad-assest thumbprints you'll ever see and decorated cakes to rival Prantl's any day of the week.  The prices are RIDICULOUSLY cheap and the quality is top-notch.  It's the best bakery in Pittsburgh, in my EXPERT opinion of all things baked.
5	It is wonderful that Macy's had the good sense to keep this Pittsburgh treasure when it took over Kaufmann's Department Stores many years ago.  The Arcade Bakery is virtually a historic landmark to its devotees.  There is an extensive assortment of baked goods and items suitable for a full lunch.  The prices are low, considering the fine quality and taste.  Some of the most pleasant and welcoming service in the store is generally offered here."Cake of the Day" includes a nice assortment of good-sized delicacies for the fair price of $10.  You are unlikely to leave here without a bag full of goodies.  Thank you, Macy's, for providing a reason to be in Downtown Pittsburgh!
