3	Now don't get me wrong I love the food, and the chef/cook was great entertainment. They also had a decent special when I went, I got the chicken and shrimp which was good, my hubby got the steak and chicken and he finished his plate so I'm assuming he enjoyed his too. We also had a couple cocktails that were pretty good too. Its a cute little place too, no different than any other but its still nice. I think their tables are a little small though. I felt like I was so close to the couple next to me. I suggest you go on a rainy day or make a reservation because when we went we ended up waiting like 20mins before we were seated and it was just jam packed. They also have a small parking lot.
3	I had been to the University location several times and that one is great.  The one in Pineville, although decent, is not as good.  The food was ok but the chicken was dry.  The sushi was decent.  They have great sanitation grades, but there is some wear and tear on the floors near the tables and throughout the restaurant.  They could use a renovation.  Much prefer the University location.  For Japanese steakhouses in South Charlotte, I'll stick with Fuji at Rivergate.  However, if I 'm on the north side of town, I will go to that Nakato's.
4	Good Hibachi, MaiTai was fantastic and the service was efficient and family friendly.  I normally go for grown and sexy but I was in for a different vibe.  My girlfriend and I had a baby with us and the environment was perfect for it.  Go early otherwise you may wait for a long time.
2	We have eaten here uncountable times typically about 6-8 times a year. And after our experience on Saturday my husband refuses to go back. The portions were tiny, the food had no flavor and the sauces were all watered down. I understand times are tuff but, come on watering down your shrimp sauce, ginger sauce and salad dressing. Made for a less than appealing meal. We always have left overs and for the first time ever we ate all of our food even the rice and was on the verge of still being hungry. Very disappointed and in fact it will take a lot of convincing to get my husband to go back.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat since I was a kid growing up here in Charlotte. We still go there a few times a year as a family when we have a large group together. Great place for birthdays as well. Always seems like the food is consistent and has remained solid over the years. Ingredient quality is much higher than other Hibachi places I have been to. Service is accommodating.  Recently I have been hitting the sushi bar sometimes and we have been very pleased with the nigiri and rolls. We have tried some of the newer sushi places that keep popping up but have realized that we should stick with Nakato's.
4	It was hard for me to rate this place. I am not really a good judge of this style of food. However service, entertainment, prices are great. The food was good but a sauces were just a bit to heavy and salty for my taste. I would rate it better than OK but I am not really a fan.
3	This isn't the best and it isn't the worst in the food department, but for the cost, location, and service, I would much rather spend my hard earned dough at other hibachi places in the area! If you know no other hibachi steakhouses, you'll like this a lot, but if you're accustomed to smiling faces, interactive chefs and higher quality sushi and options, keep searching for another place!
2	We went to Nakato last night for dinner.  The food was average in taste, much smaller portions and higher prices than before, and the service was not good at all.  We waited a long time for our courses and forever for our check.  My wife had to remind the waiter that she hadn't gotten her sushi order.  We had a coupon and they added 18% for a gratuity, per the coupon, which we didn't see beforehand -- the coupon is a scam so watch out.  We wouldn't have tipped that much based on the above comments.  Our table mates asked for a birthday greeting which never happened.  Yes, we have been eating here for 15 plus years but likely will not return as things have declined so much recently.  No one ever came to our table to ask how things were going -- a sign of poor customer relations.
2	Very busy place for rather mediocre food. We rarely eat at hibachi grills, but decided it sounded good tonight. The food was okay. Life's too short and there are way too many good things to eat to settle for okay!I think one thing that makes it tricky when reviewing a hibachi experience is that they all basically have the same menu - right down to the salad dressing!  Therefore, comparisons are natural. I found the soup salty. The salad dressing was okay, but missing something. Rice was good, noodles had a nice garlic flavor and veggies were standard. I ordered the teriyaki steak and it had zero teriyaki flavor. Had the sauce not been visible I would have sworn I got the wrong item. The meat itself did not taste good. It wasn't spoiled tasting, more like a really cheap cut of meat. I only ate about three bites.  In another environment I would have gone so far as to complain, but not here.  The shrimp were good. Maybe most disappointing was the ubitiqous white shrimp sauce. It was very watery and bland:(. Major disappointment as that stuff is the highlight of a hibachi visit!  In sum, the food was filling, but not good enough to come here again.  The positives are that the staff were friendly and worked quickly. The chef gave extra attention to my young son which was kind of him. Portions were quite large.  I cannot imagine complaints about portion size!
3	I went here with a friend, she had a groupon. Normally it was a little pricey so if I go back it would be for lunch. We got a big portion of food. You start with a ginger broth which was surprisingly quite tasty. Then comes a salad w/ a strong ginger dressing, but it grew on me, then u get a shrimp appetizer. You get a shrimp sauce which was really good & a ginger sauce which wasn't great. I dipped everything in the shrimp sauce. Then comes the stir fried veggies which were my favorite. Then the noodles, rice (steamed or fried) the steamed was better. And finally the meat of your choice. I had teriyaki chicken, great flavor. Overall I enjoyed the food & the preparation was entertaining to say the least.
3	Ok but expensive
3	My husband and I came here on a Wednesday night because we had a Groupon for $30 worth of food.The Groupon said to call ahead with a reservation and to  mention the Groupon, so at 6pm I called, and was told the earliest they could take me was 7. I thought it was odd being so full on a weeknight, but fine with the time. It seemed like they were really busy because it was hard to talk to the hostess, who seemed in a rush to get off the phone. We arrived around 10 til 7 and were immediately seated. We were sat (very close to) a group that was already there at another grilling station. We waited on the rest of our people to get there and I actually felt a little smashed between my husband and a 12 year old from another party. I feel like they had 1 too many chairs for the table. Our waiter was Quinn. He was pretty nice, but I think he had at least 1 other table, because we saw him few and far between. It seemed like the waitress serving the table next to us was a bit quicker, but who knows what was happening behind the scenes. I ordered the Teryaki steak, and my husband got the Teryaki chicken. It comes with a shrimp appetizer, soup, salad, vegetables (broccoli, zucchini, carrots, and mushrooms), and white rice (you can get an order of fried rice for $1.75 extra). I thought the shrimp was good, and the chef did a little trick flipping the shrimp tails into a used bowl, one into his pocket, and one into his hat. This was probably the only time he showed off. The chef at the other table flipped around the egg, where as our chef cracked them on the grill. The other chef, just seemed like he was having a fun time with it, our chef seemed not thrilled. The steak and vegetables, noodles, and rice were all good. Not great, I think if we were paying full price for this, I would have not enjoyed our $40 bill. We did also try Saki for the first time (not a fan). We will go back - if we have another Groupon or coupon.
4	I've seriously never eaten here and been able to eat my whole meal.  I'm partial to the combination plates, either the steak and chicken or the shrimp.  All three are great choices that you can't go wrong with.My favorite parts of the meal are the noodles I think.  They are down right delicious probably from the butter used to cook them.  Don't come here on a diet, you will be in trouble.Another thing to note is it's probably good to get a reservation because the place stays busy.  But if you don't, don't fret.  We recently did an impromptu visit and even though they stated an hour long wait it was really only 30 minutes.  I think they are just managing expectations.
4	This is one of our favorite places to eat for birthdays and other occasions.  Love the food and entertainment.  The restaurant stays busy. It's a lot of fun. The one negative is the wait staff. Not that friendly and hard to get their attention.
4	We asked our 15 year old where he wanted to go for his Birthday Dinner and he said a Japanese Steakhouse.  We've been to both Nakato and Kabuto and both are good, but Nakato stands out a bit more for us so that's what we decided on.  We arrived at 5pm on a Sunday night and didn't expect much of a wait so imagine our surprise when the waiting area was full and they said it was a 45 minute wait.  Oh well, it was what it was AND it was my son's bday so we waiting...and waited....and waited.  Finally, after 50 long minutes, they called our name.  We were seated in the "traditional" teppanyaki room and that was a first for us.  We loved it!  It was a bit awkward to get into, but worth it.I've been trying to watch my weight so instead of the massive feeding frenzy of the traditional hibachi meal,. I had a bowl of the Onion Soup, a side of Edammame and the Tuna Tataki appetizer (portion was entree-sized!).  All of it was very good!  My family had the steak and chicken hibachi meals and loved it all.  My son especially loves the "Yum Yum" sauce (the pink sauce) and has me convinced that he would eat "anything" if he could dip it in Yum Yum sauce!  We opted for the $10.00 birthday package.  The package included a birthday cake (Pepperidge Farms vanilla cake) with a candle, a family photo in a souvenir cardboard frame (came out awesome, BTW), and the waitstaff sang Happy Birthday in English and Japanese.  Well worth the $10, in my opinion!
4	For some reason I crave hibachi every 6 months. Having not tried Nakato yet, I made reservations for four on Saturday night. We were seated w/ another group and were greeted immediately and asked for our drink order. We were then asked for our dinner choices & we all chose a variety of 2 items, from Filet & Shrimp to Scallops & Shrimp, to Chicken & Shrimp. I, of course, had to make things difficult and asked for a low-sodium meal.  We were then brought soup, salad, and the chef arrived. He did a great job entertaining the table & the food was great. And, he prepared my low-sodium options on the side and it was perfect! Overall, it was a great night, with great food ..and a lot of it! The entire table walked away with to-go boxes.You ask why not a five? The waitress was MIA after she took our order. That causes an issue when you would like to order another drink. And, I know this is not the restaurants fault, but be prepared to have a hibachi smell on your clothes & hair after leaving. Sorry, but it is true!
4	Found this place on yelp as we arrived in charlotte 4pm with our 5 yr old and 2 yr old.  Figured they'd like hibachi...we were right!Service was great, very kid friendly and helpful.  Food was plentiful.  Our table got a freebie of teriyaki shrimp (maybe they do this for all tables?).Our party had the chicken and steak selections, all good.   2 adults and 2 kids. We were out the door for $85, including a nice tip.  Small kids will love the chef act!Make reservations!  We did and we were glad.
2	Decent prices, good food, portions keep getting smaller....but the kicker is the horrible service you'll receive! We always give places more than one shot, especially if their food is good...but every time we go we are so disappointed at the service!The chefs are nice and entertaining, especially for kids, but their servers don't seem to care and ruin the tip (which they split)This last time, we went on a Friday round 6. Moderately busy, but seated right away. Our server seemed so bothered by us, never saying you're welcome when we thanked it (it was more if a grunt/irritated "ya") and the portions were much smaller. I swear, the more people at a table, the smaller the portion. If you get served last, expect to be jealous of the first persons huge serving. They charged an extra $1.75 for fried rice, which I don't mind but I do expect more than 2 pieces of broccoli, one mushroom and a decent amount of zucchini and onion. My chicken dinner cost around $16, and the best part was the Shrimp sauce,  They served my husbands combo with teryaki chicken instead of regular hibachi and when he told them it was wrong twice, our chef pretended not to hear and turned the fan on. We were so annoyed at that point, we didn't push the issue...paid our $50 tab and bolted. Won't be returning. Given this place too many opportunities and they constantly fail.
5	Fantastic.  The bartender was excellent.  Service was great.  Our chef was awesome.  And the food was amazing!  We'll definitely be back!
5	Love this place, usually aways busy.  Good Sushi and great Hibachi grill, lobster, chicken, Filet Mignon all great!!
4	Far better than it's competition just down the street! I've eaten here many times and have never once had a single complaint! The quality and quantity of the food is fantastic! The sushi is superb! The staff are welcoming and efficient! The only thing I would tweak would be the decor. The carpet should be removed because I've been coming here for years and it's always been the same, and only gotten darker. I realize that seems like no big deal, but I would feel better about the whole experience with a new floor that's easier to clean.
5	The only complaint-make a reservation and by far the food is well worth the wait.  I have never went to Japanese where noodles and rice was served with your meal. Vegetables included carrots, mushrooms the norm zucchini and onions.  The staff was great! The food was excellent!
1	Average food. You can tell they use cheap steak and lobster. The sauces are not good and they are constantly rushing you. I literally had my soup and salad delivered within 30 seconds of each other. Then the chef comes out to rush us. The server is stuck constantly refilling tiny glasses and trying to rush us so we have room for hot food from the chef. The chef was entertaining but the food wasn't very good. Large portions of noodles and vegetables. I guess they want big portions to make up for poor quality. Doesn't work. Then the server comes out to rush us into boxing up our food. The very minute the chef is done! How about we get some time to eat and talk?!? Boxes were left at the table while we were still eating so that The server could return to constantly filling tiny glasses. We wanted to make sure the chef got tipped out, but came to find he splits them with the server... even. That is just wrong. The servers are running around hustling people through dinner so they can get the next table in.  The place cuts too many corners and rushes you through dinner. It's not very good. And they take advantage of the wait staff. Did I mention the hostesses were rude? Find somewhere better to eat.
4	My husband and I are sushi lovers and we sat at the sushi bar. The sushi chef Jin was very experienced and delivered some delicious rolls and nigiri.. The management was also friendly and conversational, checking on us in addition to our waitress.. We had NO wait time and loved the beer specials! $2.75 Sapporo on thursdays!
1	Very disappointing. Too expensive for what you get. They were just going through the motions without any emotion. Food had no flavor. A lot of veggies very little steak or chicken. My son and I ordered different chicken but both orders were prepared the same. Had to ask for more water. Still eating when take home boxes were brought out. I felt like I had wasted my hard earned money.
5	Been a fan of this place since they moved to Pineville from the Independence location. Over the years we gave celebrated many birthdays & anniversaries here . Food is always yummy. You get a lot - so if you leave Hungry - I wonder what's wrong with you ... The appetizer soup and salad are just the beginning - I tend to stay with basic hibachi shrimp and filet which are always wonderful . The fried rice is the all time favorite item for me ! The chef that cooks are generally as entertaining as you want - the more you engage them the more fun it is ! For me - hands down there's no better Japanese steakhouse in Charlotte. Food is fresh - seafood is yummy - entertainment is always good !
5	All time favorite Japanese restaurant. Hibachi shrimp is my fav... Fried rice is the best ... Never disappoints
4	My visit to Nakato (first time) was on a Friday night.  The place was packed and had a constant stream of people, busy busy.  We had 6:30 reservations for a party of 6 and once everyone arrived we were promptly seated.  They will not seat you until everyone is there.We were seated around a hibachi station - each station has seating for 8, so we had two strangers at the end of our station (no big, they were nice).  I was a little concerned at the cost of the meal when I was looking at it online, but the amount of food is well worth the cost.I ordered the teryaki chicken.  You start with an onion broth while the chef is warming up.  Next is the small chilled garden salad served with a pink creamy dressing.  While you are finishing your soup and working on your salad, the chef starts with hibachi veggies (thin sliced carrots, onions, zucchini, mushrooms and broccoli).  Next are hibachi noodles (spaghetti with an oil and garlic ? coating).  Next, if you order fried rice with your meal ($1.75 extra) instead of white rice, the chef does the fried rice and portions it out.  Then the meat is started.  Our table had a variety of steak and shrimp items, which were served first since they cook more quickly than chicken (no one wants rare chicken).  I thought everything was quite good (though my white rice was cold, but that is what I get for not ordering fried rice like everyone else at the table).  All of the preparation is done in front of you by the chef, who puts on a show while cooking.  Very interesting, though I was concerned that I was going to lose my eyebrows when the onion volcano was done.With 6 people, it was hard to hold a conversation, though not impossible.  If you are catching up with friends, I would suggest getting there early for drinks, or planning drinks and dessert after - once the chef's show starts going, along with all of the tables around you, it is rather noisy.  Our server kept drinks filled.  The chef was quite personable.  I had water to drink, so my dinner before tip was just under $15.  Contrary to what my dinner date told me, you don't necessarily have to take off your shoes, though they do have traditional tables there as an option.  Be warned that your hair and clothes will wreak of the hibachi smell, so I wouldn't take a post-meal walk through the woods unless you like bears and wildcats.
5	Our favorite dining place to go as a family.  Nakato's is our go to restaurant.  We love the food and hot sake!  Staff is friendly.  Though we love all of the chefs we are partial to (Carlos and Alan).  David the manager is very friendly too.
5	Great experience. We went to celebrate my wife birthday.  Everybody had a good time with great meal. Portion on every dish are plenty. About service  excellent. .!
4	Good food, good service, sushi I'm told is great. Often times a long wait without reservations. Can't say I'd bother if not already in the area.
3	One of my familiy's favorite places to eat. Ever. Armed with this knowledge I was bracing myself for an... interesting experience. Hibachi is generally standard across the board for me. It's not a hit or miss type of cuisine. In terms of the actual hibachi, everyone does the same exact thing with some minor twists here and there, so it's all about the quality of ingredients and service. Lets just say I held my toungue when asked how I liked my meal at the end of the day.The Service:- A little slow honestly, it took them forever to get my beer (not cool bro) and even longer to come get my order. Friendly people as per the usual, but for some reason they are on asian standard time when it comes to serving you.The Food:- Standard hibachi food, solid but nothing special. A big plus for me are the portions. They tend to give you larger portions than other restaurants along with the traditional soup, salad, shrimp, and veggies. In fact, this is the only place I've seen that gives you noodles with your dish at no extra cost. Well played Nakato. The Ambiance- Gotta love the ambiance. My cook was playful and had fun with the kids (which is a must, they love attention). The decor was great, modern with a little rustic feel to make you ease into your surroundings. Overall, wouldn't jump the gun saying its the best hibachi I've ever had, but I also won't be coming here regularly.
