5	My favorite Madison clothing store by far.  I coveted a pair of gold shoes they had over Christmas ($135!)  and managed to save enough to buy them....totally worth it!!  They are italian leather and SO beautiful.  Everything else in the store is the same way....it makes me wish I had unlimited funds and could get one of everything.  The guys clothing is fantastic too, although getting your boyfriend to shell out that kind of money to look "metrosexual" is sometimes a challenge. Something nice to keep in mind as well is that they have free alterations on non-sale clothing....I had a pair of jeans done and they actually put the detailing around the bottom back on....AMAZING!  5 stars.
1	My Experiences in this store have not been good for some years now.  GAP, Banana, and Old Navy used to make affordable and quality clothing, but in the past few years, the prices have increased and the quality has gone to shit.  Clothes I have bought have had their hems fall out after one wearing and their buttons fall off quite easily.  Not only is the quality bad, but the service is horrendous.  Last time I was in the store, a worker said hi to me, but after looking around for a while, never checked in with me, and when I needed a fitting room they were locked and I had to wait almost 10 minutes to get the gals attention to let me in.  The last pair of shoes I bought there were quite comfortable, but within the first 30 minutes of wear, the heel feel off completely.  If you are looking for work attire/dress clothes, I would recommend passing on Banana Republic and trying your luck at Macy's or another retailer.
2	When you hear Banana Republic you think quality clothing store?  At least that's what I think.  However, BR in the mall is a shotty example for quality.  They are anything but quality.  The clothing in the entire Gap Inc. company has declined in quality over the years.  The service, unforutnatly, has also diminished.  The workers at BR, I find, are unfriendly, unpersonable, and not ever around.  Getting a fitting room in that place is a disaster.  I always have to wait for someone to be done using one, so I get to one that is opened.  Nobody is ever back to there to unlock the doors.  I had a problem once with an associate, or who I thought was an associate, and asked to see the manager.  Well, she was the manager.  Totally unacceptable for a store with such clout.  I don't know if all Banana Republics operate this way, but if they do, they will most certainly be losing my business.
2	I feel like I should preface this review by saying that my current resolution to eat better (mainly STARVING MYSELF until I fall asleep) has nothing to do with recent, shall we say less than positive reviews for businesses in Madison. Even if I wasn't hungry all the time, I'd still say this store blows and here's why. 1. Nobody greets you when you walk in. (Customer Service 101).2. You can walk around for 15 minutes with an armful of clothing and nobody will ask you if you need a fitting room. (Customer service 101 & Loss Prevention 101).3. Nobody will come by the fitting room to see how you're doing and if you need alternate sizes. (Customer Service 101, Loss Prevention 101 & Sales 101). I've been three times and each time sucked more than the time before. (Grammar 101). I started as a Gap Inc. employee in 1996 working my way up from Gap Baby to Gap Kids, Gap and finally Banana Republic in 2009. I worked as a sales associate, a visual specialist and most recently men's merchant in Arizona. The three times I've been here the store has always been in disarray which certainly doesn't create for a very stimulating shopping experience and the uninterested staff have made it so I'll simply only shop online now. Sorry BR, you're store's bananas and you've lost me.
4	I Love Banana Republic... I love this location... I LOVE IT. Every time I am in here (which seems to be every week) I seem to find something. Now, I will say that this location does seem to be understaffed most of the time so I will agree with Corey on the matter that it takes a while before you can talk to someone. However, I feel that once you find someone they are extremely helpful, at least in my experiences. They are always willing to find you the size you need and haven't taken too long to grab shoes or anything from the back.I will say over the holiday season they are a bit better but that is to be expected. Finally, It can get a little messy in here when it is busy but again they seem to be understaffed which I feel for. I have actually seen one person consistently working here for about 2 years now and it seems like they never get a day off. So I think it is more a matter of staffing by the store owner or head manager. We'll see what the future brings for them but until then I will continue to shop here!
1	Disgusting. That's the only word that comes to mind after walking front of store to back and seeing piles upon piles of clothing and items askew on every table, shelf and rack. I'd understand if it was 7pm on a Saturday (weekend) but this was Monday morning y'all, and the place looked like the pits! What the heck BR? You are a mess! An absolute mess. And you're consistently a mess. I walked in today with the intent to buy a suit (40% your entire purchase... sign up for their emails) but I couldn't even shop the racks with crammed half on hangers, half off hangars pants and jackets. This place needs an iron fist. A store manager who can shape this thing up and restore BRs name as a Gap Inc brand. Someone would have to tell me they did a complete 180 for me to return.
4	Don't hate me Corey...Ventured-in to look for a sweater or two; Wednesday afternoon around 2:00pm.+ Store was nearly empty, save for a few employees+ Things were tidy and neat; very easy to browse through things+ Staff left me alone (I hate being hounded while shopping)+ Staff was available when I had a question+ 30% off all men's items- Pushed a bit hard to get me to sign-up for their club and card. Grrr. No means no?I think they took heed of Corey's review and comments. The store & inventory was in great shape.
