4	I really like bubble tea, especially the tapioca pearls (boba) in the refreshing milk tea. While shopping at Carolina Place, I spotted a bubble tea kiosk on the lower level near Macy's. Yessss!!! I had to stop here since I was thirsty and wanted something interesting to refresh. The Jasmine Smoothie World & Tea kiosk offers several flavors of bubble tea including Thai Tea, Bobble Milk, Jasmine Tea, Chocolate, Magic Mocha, Coffee, Coconut, Taro, Strawberry, Mango, Honeydew, Papaya, Red Bean, and Almond. The prices (in 2010) are $3.65 (s), $4.15 (m), $4.95 (l). They also make several varieties of fruit smoothies as well.I ordered a Coffee Bubble Tea, which had a refreshing sweet milky taste with a good coffee flavor, ice cubes towards the top and plenty of very firm tapioca pearls at the bottom of the cup. Sipping the tapioca pearls through the straw was fun! I give this place 4 stars for the good drink and quick service.
3	Jasmine bubble tea is OK, and I'm OK with it when the craving hits. But don't expect this to be like Lollicup or some of larger chains out there. For me, a good boba tea has the perfect tapioca pearls.  Not too mushy and overcooked, and nice and round.  Here, they're a big soggy from being cooked too long.  This causes to them to look a little fuzzy and not be as chewy. The "tea" portion, which isn't really tea is ok here too.  Very powdered milk tasting, and artificial-ish. Nowhere near the selection most boba places offer. Even so, when you're a hankerin' for a bubble tea, this will do the trick in a pinch.
3	The waits are always long and the staff seemed overworked and frenzied. But that's the nature of mall kiosks, I guess.The boba consistency is fair, chewy and soft, but just a little too hard in the middle. There's no actual tea taste to their milk teas. It's all very milky and too sweet.Anywhere else and I would never come back here but it's the best boba I've found in Charlotte.
5	I am a big fan of bubble tea. Not many places sell it, except for sit down restaurants so I am very glad that there is this location that has bubble tea! It is a yummy drink and is my favorite mall snack! Sure, they don't have "authentic" flavors (they use a powder), but it's pretty darn good! I don't care that they use a powder. It's tastes great to me. I really liked the mocha flavor, it felt like such an indulgence but is actually pretty healthy! The taro bubble tea was good as well, but due to my personal preference, after a while it was a little too sweet. They have plenty of flavors and I hope to try all of them! Also, I've only ever have gotten a small size, but it is a pretty good price/size for a small drink. I know they also offer snowballs, bubble tea, blended bubble tea, and smoothies.
