5	I began my AmenZone quest and journey back during the days when Amen took up 'shop' in downtown Phoenix. Gym was very much like those at thee current fitness centers. When Amen opened the North Scottsdale location, I decided it was much too far to drive from Central Phoenix so I began to a brief stint at another local gym.Once you have experienced the best in a Core and Boot Camp style gym, it's hard to try or go anywhere else. I decided to return to AmenZone and am completely happy with my decision. Trainers Tommy, Taylor, Summer, & La Mar are incredible. Give it all you've got for a session and leave satisfied along with an inspirational message that keeps you mentally focused on goals in and out of the gym.This is it for me. I'll never train at another boot camp style gym. I'm happy to share that I've kept 75 pounds off (***Why yes, I am a Size 4!***) and have gained quite a bit of muscle. I finally have the confidence to train for a full marathon. So thank you to Amen and all his trainers, as well as those in my training classes, that keep me on track and motivated. AmenZone -- a worthy addiction.
5	Amenzone fitness is absolutely AMAZING and I highly recommend this to everyone!Such an awesome workout with supportive, caring, and motivating trainers! I definitely recommend this workout to anybody and everybody as the workout is from beginners to fitness fanatics! Definitely check it out, you won't be disappointed and will be hooked! You will be constantly pushed to your limits with the guidance and support of the trainers and and people in the classes!I also love how the trainers always end the class with a message for you to take with you as your workout ends. Amenzone is all about bettering one's self mentally and physically!
5	Talk about a good solid fun workout with positive people!! Best one hour you can spend!! I have been hearing good things about this Primal training for some time now and happened to stop-by at their grand opening party at this new location in old town Scottsdale. I was totally impressed by the type of workouts & signed up. I'm a 2 class veteran now & I just absolutely love it. Before I starting going to Amenzone, I've been going to other boutique studio as well as the big box gym. It didn't take me any time to cancel those memberships immediately. Amenzone provides a complete workout, at a totally elevated level.Working out in a 60-minute class is so much fun here. It is designed for all levels of workouts. I've felt so much energetic and accomplished after the completion of my challenging classes.I hear there are awesome yoga & boxing classes too, which I plan on taking in the near future.Each class is different, so body doesn't get used to a routine.The trainers at the end the class gives an inspirational message - which I totally love. Amenzone is THE place to get your mind, body & spirit elevated. This is the best bang for your buck if you want an intense, effective, fun , workout. You will feel challenged and so inspired  after the class by reading awesome quotes on the wall all over the studio.I'll never trade any other workouts for Amenzone workouts!! #totallylegit #THEbestI hear they have a Groupon going on; but if you stop-by the studio, the absolute amazing staff is going to help you anyways.
5	I've done a lot of workouts and have had some great trainers in my life.  Nothing though changed my body as fast as Amenzone.  By week 3 I was seeing muscles I had never seen before in life.  Everyone is super supportive.  It's like a big family.  I really love that place.  At the end of each class the instructor gives everyone a "daily message" that is really meaningful.  I only stopped going because in no longer fit in my schedule and it's a 30 minute drive for me to get there.  I'm really hoping for a central Phx location soon.  The Amenzone Foundation is wonderful too!
5	I bought a groupon for Amenzone thinking I could get a little workout done on lunch since I work in the area.  I wasn't expecting much as I have been to bootcamps before and haven't found one that compares to Rockstar Bootcamp.  This one does!  I was blown away my first class.  What an intense workout!  I have gone 3 times so far and I am already seeing results.  I love Taylor, she is so cheery and motivates and pushes you to your potential.  I am sore all over after each class, the good sore, the one that reassures you that you will see results!  I will definitely be continuing this after my groupon expires.
5	This place is awesome. If you are looking to get a great cardio workout mixed with a bunch of strength exercises, this is the place to go. I am now a firm believer in Primal workouts. I am only 2 years removed from playing college basketball so I have done my share of different types of workouts, and this is now my favorite type. Amenzone keeps you engaged and energetic the entire time. The classes are small so it is almost like having a personal trainer, plus you are motivated by the people working out with you. Highly recommended.
5	I started going to Amenzone old town scottsdale location because I was getting bored of going to the gym and wanted something more EXCITING in a workout for myself. I discovered that Amenzone offers this with their AMAZING classes and trainers who are very awesome and who will push you to do your best. I HIGHLY recommend Amenzone to anyone that is looking to switch up their routine to getting the best possible full body workout in a 45-60 min Boot Camp style class.
5	Love the whole Amenzone concept and the workouts are great! I especially notice definition in my arms after starting these workouts.  Pullups, pushups, and lots of workouts with the tire are really effective.  Love the boxing workouts and most of the instructors are amazing.
5	Very original minimalist workout concept using a variety of tires, sledgehammers, pull up bars and more. Great energy, great trainers, a very positive experience. There is a lot of variety and a ton of creativity in the workouts, and I always seem to be using a new muscle group. I have been going 3x per week for the last 2 months and am in best shape I have been in for years.  The Primal workout is very rigorous but is one of the best workouts on the docket. They also have Jumpstart (an easier version of Primal), boxing, strength training, and athletic yoga. They finish each session with a positive inspirational message. Highly recommend!
5	Great place to get in shape!  I've just started to workout again and have been taking Taylor's Jumpstart classes in the Old Town Scottsdale location.  It feels like you are in boot camp, except no one is yelling at you and there's great music playing in the background.  I highly recommend the experience.
