5	An exceptional venue for the traditional bride or event planner at heart. What a fabulous staff and quaint feel. Great dining experience and room for a dance floor. The garden is lovely and perfect for photos.Love this rustic establishment and what a gem for the surroundings of Phoenix!
5	Beautiful venue. Quaint, casual and intimate. The food was served buffet stye and was great. Pork tenderloin with apple chutney, chicken, two types of salads and bread were served. Very simple menu but it worked well. The staff was polite and extremely courteous. Great place for a semi-small wedding.
4	Great wedding. Brittany and Brian were so cool. I loved the laughter and the spirituality. I thought Shenendoah did a good job with food and the setting was nice.
2	I am not pleased with the staff or the venue.  The manager is less than professional, the venue is overpriced, and there is a severe lack of customer service with this.  While I do appreciate the beauty of the building, and the owners are so nice, I would say, take your money elsewhere.
5	If you are looking for a place to have your wedding or event, look here first.The grounds are beautiful. The staff is extremely accommodating. We're talking you bring your own food and they will set up and serve it for you. Very unheard of in this day and age.Guests leave happy and, let's face it, isn't that what weddings or special events are about?
4	We had our wedding reception here about two years ago.  I loved how flexible they were with everything.  You basically could do anything you wanted here as far as food goes.  We had food delivered and paid the mill to have people set it up and serve it.  We used the recommended photographer, DJ service and photo booth combo.  We were looking for easy planning, and it couldn't have been easier than this.  The prices were excellent as well. for everything that you get, their prices are the best around, by a quite a bit.  Being quite a planner and perfectionist, I felt that trying to get in touch with them to iron out details was at times difficult and stressed me out, but everything turned out great and ran smoothly in the end.  I didn't give 5 stars because I think that the interior could use a bit of updating, as far as the tables chairs and floors go.  Obviously it's not a modern venue, bit the tables were kind of 1985 and he wooden floors and the walls could use a good cleaning and coat of paint/ stain,
3	Not the greatest experience! As a bride one of your biggest fears is having your wedding double booked and that's what happened. The manager doesn't write anything down an everything goes in his phone. Every time we talked to them we were quoted a different price on stuff. They did work with us on opening on a Sunday since they double booked and they gave us a discounted price. After that we felt like a burden every time we talked to them.
5	I'll acknowledge that this is a small, family-owned and -operated business. As such, if you are looking for a super polished and seamless planning experience with your venue manager, you might not be a five-star reviewer of the Mill. However, I am a perfectionist and I did my own planning -- and I have absolutely NO REGRETS. And trust me, the Mill has SO much great stuff to offer, both at no charge and at extra charge, and they are such kind, accommodating people to work with.The small kinks: Patrick handles most of the day-to-day planning. He is a very honest and direct communicator, and he's not going to chit chat or mince words, which can sometimes be a little jarring over email or phone. However, he is an incredibly nice guy who knows how to put things together in a really classy way. His dad, Don, handles some of the bookkeeping, and they do everything on paper (no computers), so it isn't always perfect; you should probably keep track of your payments and payment schedule, too.ALL THE PLUSES: At the end of the day, I love supporting local business. The family is so nice. They are super flexible (you can use any outside vendor you want, but they can also put everything together in house for you), and they are constantly adding to the inventory of things available for you to use. You just have to know to ask. For example, they have: old wine barrels, antique wooden service tables, an old spool table, an antique door to be used as a display, GORGEOUS mismatched church pews and chairs, an incredible assortment of centerpieces, great backdrops, absolutely charming lighting in the gardens, lovely drapes for the ceremony gazebo, and the cutest little balcony for final preparations. They do all the big set-up, not included in your 10-hour reservation time, and they just ask for the last half hour of your block to begin the clean-up and wind-down. It's a tremendous value, when you look at comparable places!I could not have been happier with the way my wedding looked. My husband, our families, our guests, and I were all totally in love with the Mill.
5	I went to a wedding here last weekend and WOW. Such a cool place near where I live and work. Family owned is a plus. Check them out. A little traffic noise from the main road but the gorgeous atmosphere makes up for it.
