2	My wife and I went out to VQ simply for this restaurant. The service was excellent, and the wine was great as well. However, the food was lack luster at best. We had the bruschetta for an appetizer and split the seafood tower for our entree. Maybe our mistake was getting the seafood tower at a steak place, but it isn't worth the $60 for the tower itself. The atmosphere, service, and setting were all spectacular.
4	Ditka's had a nice atmosphere, comfortable seating, good service, reasonable prices for a fine dining steak house and most importantly, delicious food! I ordered the bone-in filet, oscar style. It was wonderfully flavorful. Other guest at our table had "Da Pork Chop" , filet medallions with crab cakes and  filet medallions with shrimp scampi. All of the portions were very generous and everyone said the food was great. If I had to critique, the restaurant temperature was very cold. Also myself and another guest ordered Grey Goose cosmos and they definitely weren't cosmos. They were more like lemon drops, but either way they were delicious and we each ordered seconds. Overall I was very pleased. I would recommend Ditka's and I hope to go back soon.
3	Went for thanksgiving dinner here and I'm very thankful I got to celebrate thanksgiving at such an upscale restaurant, but unfortunately it did not live up to expectations.  The food was cold. The menu online did not reflect the menu in person. The server was very clumsy (dropping and spilling items) and absentminded (had to keep coming back to ask again what or how something was to be ordered. Or not remembering what was on the menu. The place had maybe four tables filled). Lastly I was charged $20 extra on my bill when I checked my bank statement. When I called to tell them of their error, they replied, "oh sometimes that happens. We'll charge extra and then you'll see it fixed in a couple days."  Makes me wonder how often this happens to others.
2	The food here is marginal compared with other high end steak houses in town. Went there a couple weeks back with my wife. Both entree's were undercooked and had to be sent back.. Ordered a white russian for a before dinner drink that didn't taste anything like a white russian should taste. Service was ok. Atmosphere was nice I'll give it that. Now we can say we tried it once but no plans on going back.
2	Was completely let down by this place. My husband and I spent our valentines Day dinner here and wow where to start. First off upon approaching the restaurant the door man was so busy speaking to the hostess that he completely let the door close on my face. That wasn't a big deal to me. I can open a door right? Next we were seated the restraint it self is very nice the lighting white linen table clothes. Quite romantic. After our server took our drink order she said "so are u guys here for that Valentine's day special".... Nothing really harmful about those words but I think it would've been more appropriate to educate patrons on the special. we received salad. Two lobster tails two steak medalions. and my husband ordered the prime rib on the side. We also received mashed potatoes and asparagus. everything was either over cooked and under seasoned. just blan. blah blan. my favorite part of the meal... was the bread basket we. revieved. now I'm not some. snobby wife who has to have everything her way but I was let down. longhorns steakhouse has prepared a better. meal then ditkas. don't waste your money. or time
5	My husband and I and 3 of out best friends went to Ditka's to celebrate our anniversary and Valentines day.  We had reservations and our table was waiting for us.  We were even seated early.  The service was excellent, and so was the food.  Two of our steaks were slightly overcooked, but not worth complaining about because they tasted so good.  When the manager learned they wern't cooked to perfection he offered to bring two more steaks.  Because the steaks were almost eaten, two new steaks were declined.  They said the steaks were delicious even though slightly overcooked.  The manager ended up taking the two steaks off our bill...  Now that is excellent service....  Everything else was perfect.  We will definitely eat at this restaurant again.
1	Ordered their aged steak... Ordered it medium rare... Wow that was horrible. The steak was charred on the outside and didn't have any flavor to it. I also added on the lobster tail for $38 extra and that too was horrible. On the bright side their hamburger was pretty good. Well that is what my cousin told me. I will not be going back at all.  Save your money and goto Flemmings or durants.
1	This place is way over priced for the quality of the food. It's trying to be a high class restaurant but they just don't have the ability to back it up. The steaks are boring and bland; the service is sub par at best. If you want to grab something to eat at this casino I would say your better off at tortas de Reyes at the food court.
3	Went for a special event to meet Coach Ditka. Fantastic pork chops with this amazing side sauce. Also the mashed sweat potatoes rock! Not the best filet I've ever had... But a good cook, sear and all. Good atmosphere!
3	Very nice place - friendly staff, attractive setting.  And like some reviewers have said - mixed feelings about the food.Four of us went last night.  Our friends both ordered the fried perch dinner and both thought it was excellent.  My wife and I ordered their featured burgers - medium rare.  The burgers came well done.  We sent them back, the manager came to our table to apologize (very apologetic about it) and the next two hamburgers came back medium well.  I must tell you, the manager checked back two more times and told us he was taking both burgers off the bill.  We were very impressed by his concern and reactions.  His name is Shane Driver and he is an excellent representative of Ditka's!Oh, the calamari appetizer - excellent!  Lightly breaded and cooked to perfection.  Same for the onion rings.  We will go back - just won't order burgers!
2	If you have been to the Ditka's in Chicago, do not eat here. You will be sad. Very sad. This Ditka's is a very poor imitation of the original. The hostesses really should be looking at careers in the prison system.
3	We ordered the Prime rib and the King Crab legs, Mike's salad, and baked tater.  All was very good.  The Prime Rib could have been seasoned better but the meat was very tender.  It is over priced especially the wines by the glass.  I ordered the Ditka "Icon" cabernet and it was $18.  I could buy a better bottle for that price.The service we had was excellent.  Our waitress was friendly and knowledgeable on the menu.  We saw the stacked meat loaf with mashed potatoes and onion rings on top it was huge and looked like awesome.   I am sure it's a heart attack on a plate but I am ordering it next time just to give it a go.  They also have Ditka Chop (pork Chop) that is a popular item.  We had coupons from the casino so our meal was half price. That was a great thing.
2	Went to ditka's.... It was good. The food was wonderful.  Shrimp cocktail was perfect. Pork chop was wonderful. Burgers were great. Dessert tasty.  The chef is totally on the ball... Unfortunately our waiter was horrible. One of our party arrived first, waited 10 min before approached! Beverages took forever, a beer was ordered 10 min later it arrived. Had to ask for bread. Waited 10-15 min to give dinner order. Had to ask for beverage refills. Gave the order he wrote it down.... Then we added a salad, which he did not write down....you guessed it, salad never came. The good thing was we weren't charged for it. Thank goodness the meal was comped.... I would have been totally pissed if I had to pay the $100.25 bill with the waiter we had. When your in an upscale restaurant you should NEVER have to ask for anything. (Period) no excuses.Good food, bad waiter. Would give 2.5 if possible for the food only.Take a chance... Eat in the bar area, dinner specials inn bar not available in dining room. My family usually eats in the bar and they say the waitstaff is great in the bar.
4	I went to Ditka's last night with my boyfriend and his mother to celebrate his birthday. We made reservations at 8 but we were able to move the reservation to 7. It was not crowded on a Thursday night. We started off with the pot roast nachos. The pot roast itself is delicious but on the sweet side as it is made with merlot. I'm used to a more savory pot roast but it was still good. The chips are made in house but I found nothing special about them. Tomatoes, jalapenos, cheese...what you would expect on nachos. I got the perfect raspberi margarita. It was strong and not as sweet as I thought it would be. Not tart but sour. My boyfriend got the Southside cocktail which was too overwhelmed by the mint but he loved it. He also got a mojito which was good. The drinks were very strong! We both got a buzz off of them.I got the crab bisque which was very tasty. It had a LOT of cream so it had better be! Lol My boyfriend had the French onion and he said it was very good (I did not care to try it).I ordered Mike's salad and was brought a MONSTROUS salad! It was very good but I was already stuffed and could not finish...or even eat half of it. It had plenty of goat cheese and cranberries...but it had four tiny strips of the chicken. I'd have to take a star off for that.My boyfriend ordered the coach's meatloaf. He loved it! It was also a gigantic portion! Its all piled high on a plate...bottom is the cornbread and then the bbq coated meatload, then mashed potatoes, and then fried onion rings.His mother ordered  "da pork chop" (single boned). It came with at LEAST a pound of sweet potato mash. The cherry jus was different and she said the pork was very tender for the size of the cut.Lastly, we had a free chocolate cake slice to celebrate his birthday. It was a very good dinner. Probably the nicest restaurant I've ever been too lol We had a nice time but I don't think it's in our budget to go more often!
4	I have to admit that I am a easy grader but this restaurant is worth my 4 stars not 5 stars. First of all, when we walked in there is nobody at the front desk to great us.. AWEWARD.. for a $$$ restaurant (but we was over there like 8:15 pm if that matter). However,  after that everything is fine. Food is good we had a 20oz bone in ribeye, burgundy mushroom, corn tamales and steam asparagus... The server was attentive enough...Even though everything worked out fine but there is still something missing for this restaurant to be a fancy $$$ steakhouse. .
4	We had the meatloaf which was really good! Nice dining area, it is separated from the casino so the smoke smell is not in the restaurant. Wait staff was very nice and service was good.
2	Nothing  special  here besides  the  the name. The  waitress  wasn't  really  interested  in working  and the food  wasn't  good.  I had the rib 's and the birthday  cake tasted just like the box it came out of.  I give it two stars  just because  the place  has a  nice look but we came for the food.
4	Great food. A little pricey but very tasty. I kinda wish I didn't have to order a huge side dish to share because it was a little too much but overall a very nice experience.
5	Love this place. Everything is excellent, atmosphere is great and the vibe is energetic
1	WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!!My husband and I came to Ditkas for our anniversary dinner.  We were told that seating in the bar was open as the dining room was already reserved. It was suggested that we come back in an hour. We came back at 5:30 and we sat at a table in the bar. We waited close to 30 minutes before ever seeing someone. 30 more minutes before our shrimp cocktail appeared. 15 more minutes passed after asking for bread. We haven't yet seen bread or our meal. At 6:40 we received bread. At 5:45, we flagged down the hostess to ask about our meal. At 7:00 pm, we again flagged down the hostess and asked to see a manager. At 7:10pm, after not seeing a manager or our meal, we got up to leave. The hostess said that she had asked the manager twice to come see us. NO Manager. We told her that we had eaten an appetizer, a salad and some bread. We felt that this should be considered on the house as we were never taken care of. The hostess nodded and we left.This is absolutely the worst service we have ever had at any restaurant.  During our 1 hour and 40 minutes sitting in the restaurant, we continuously watched people walk out without ever having received service .....there was a group of casino managers eating a meal while we all waited for service. I have heard really bad things about the service at ditkas but I didn't believe thrm. This is ridiculous. .......what poor service and poorer management. .... We will never again eat there.
4	My husband and I went here for a date night. The place is very nice! Our server was very attentive and even complimented us on our attire. We were immediately seated and started looking at the menu. We had to go with the classic steak. We ordered medium rare and I must say it was delish! The steak literally melted in your mouth. I wasn't too impressed with their baked potato but overall it was a great experience! Plus it's inside the casino so we got to gamble for a little right after dinner.
