5	Life in Vegas Photography captured our wedding perfectly!We got married in Vegas in August 2010 and hired Andreo to take photos of us and our group of 25 people. He was able to suggest locations around Vegas for us to take photos at and direct our very large group during the photo shoot. We went to the Las Vegas Welcome Sign and the fountains at the Bellagio. The photos were spectacular! Andreo also came with our group to Tao nightclub to take pictures of us as we celebrated. He also created a wedding video for us, which was awesome! When it was all said and done, we had over 400 photos, which we were able to take home with us on a CD the day after the wedding. We shopped around a lot before choosing a photography company, and Life in Vegas Photography is very reasonably priced. Our wedding night was so magical, and looking through all of the beautiful photos Andreo took helps us relive that magic.
5	My boyfriend and I celebrated our ten year anniversary this weekend by eloping to Vegas with our sisters in tow as our witnesses. I originally planned to spend the afternoon after the ceremony running around Vegas and taking classic Vegas pictures, but my sister decided it would be even better to have them professionally done. So, as a wedding gift, she set us up with an afternoon taking photos with Jab. I can't speak to the set up and pricing, but my sister swore up and down to me that the fee for the day was extremely reasonable and, therefore, I could not talk her out of sparing the expense. I will take her word for it because, for once, I will admit she was right... I'm so happy to have lovely photos of our weekend! Jab was wonderful. He picked us up from our hotel with props and suggested locations all ready to go. We hadn't really thought of where we wanted to shoot so we went with the flow and loved the angles and shots he came up with. He explained his vision for each shot and was really open and constantly reminded us to make suggestions if we wanted any particular poses or to visit any specific locations. It was so helpful to have his input on locations because he knew the best way to access each spot so that we weren't weaving through hotels and walking more than we needed to. To top it all off, he dropped us off after to our dinner reservation at the Wynn and, magically, met us after dinner with my sister's flash drive loaded with the full color, black and white, and edited versions of the photos. I didn't at all expect to be able to have the photos so soon, so this was a wonderful surprise! Best elopement gift I could have ever asked for!
5	Life in Vegas was one of the best decisions we made for our wedding. Jab and Carlo recently captured our wedding in Vegas and went above and beyond to make sure it was an unforgettable experience. Highly recommended.Thank you Jab and Carlo!
