4	Having just read Christine's review I thought that I'd throw in my two cents.  My wife and I like the food at Grand China very much and we go there about once every two weeks.  However, it is true that the restaurant is often sparsely populated.  I suspect that this is due to three things.  First, it looks like their business is in large part carry-out and delivery.  Second, there are a number of other Chinese restaurants up and down Rainbow; so the competition must be pretty fierce.  Finally, the current rough economic situation may be playing a part as well.  Christine indicated that the waiter did not seem particularly happy to see her party.  However, that has not been my experience there.  It is true, though, that Chinese folks are not known for being demonstrably affectionate.  Perhaps Christine's experience might have arisen from a cultural misunderstanding.  In terms of the food and experience at Grand China, the restaurant has a moderately sized dining room which appears to seat about 50.  Oddly, they have placed a partition at the front of the restaurant so that you can't really see out from the dining room or in from the street.  I don't know what the purpose of this might be other than maybe to keep the people picking up their carry-out from discomfiting the dine-in guests.  Regardless, it is a little weird.  For my taste the food at Grand China is clearly a cut above what you'd find in most Chinese places in town.  We especially like the potstickers, which are large and generous.  We also like the lightly and perfectly fried Rangoon-style cream cheese wontons.  Another great item is the Moo-Shu Pork.  Oh, and by the way, here's a local's tip: Grand China runs a lot of coupons in the local paper, the Review-Journal.  Thus, if you look in the Southwest View section on Tuesdays, the Taste section on Wednesdays or the Neon section (towards the back) on Fridays, you may find a couple of fairly decent coupons (free soup or half off entree)  for this place.
4	Tasty food with good price! Pros:- Open at 10:00 AM (we need to catch a flight and this is one close enough to the airport (15 Min. drive) and open early- Tasty food- Good price- easy parkingCons:- Some vegetabel are not as fresh as they should be
4	I tried this place out two years ago when they served the same kind of food other Grand China restaurant. The food was okay, nothing good or special, just like Panda Express. Anyway, a few months ago, I saw an ad in asian newspaper that they expanded their menu and included alot more vietnamese items. We have been visiting a few times and tried different items. Pho is definitely not good, but not horrible bad like Pho Hoang down the road. Noodle soups are the best (vegas standard), the broth is very flavorful. Their combination fried rice is pretty good too. For those who live in SouthWest, this place would save you some driving to Chinatown. Basically, if you think Panda Express is an awesome place, you may not like their new menu. But if you are so used to authentic chinese or vietnamese food, I would definitely recommend it. By the way, when we visited this place the first time, the place was empty, which normally is not a good sign. But after a few visits, I realized that their location (dark surrounding at night) and lack of advertisement are the cause of their slow business. The waitress that works there is very nice.
3	At first, I was really skeptical of a place serving BOTH Chinese food AND Vietnamese food and located in the far southwest part of town.  My boyfriend kindly reminded me that I am a product of a family of two cultures (Chinese and Vietnamese), too, and bomb pho definitely exists at home... ok ok, back to the review of the FOOD.In we went, and this review is only based off of the few Vietnamese items that we tried.1.  Pho Tai - Slices of beef noodle soup.  Not too bad but could also be better.  Broth had a nice beefy flavor base.  The plate of greens on the side looked fresh but amount was not impressive.  I can understand that because being on this side of town, you wouldn't expect the crowd to want a load of greens anyway.2.  Com Thit Nuong - Charbroiled thinly sliced marinated pork and rice. Visually, the pork was nicely charred but upon chewing it, I realized it was wayyy dry.  A healthy dunk of the nouc cham/fish sauce on the side fixed that.  3.  Cafe Sua Da - Vietnamese iced coffee.  This tasted quite strange to me.  It had the flavor essence of some sort of coffee liqueur.  Very weird.Conclusion:  I think that if you are stuck on the southwest side of town with no time to make it to Chinatown area for better Vietnamese pho, Grand China can get you by.  I think I need to go back another time to see how the Ameri-nese Cuisine (Americanized Chinese Food) is.  Will report back once that happensp.s. Our server was very nice and efficient during our Monday lunch time adventure.  Poor girl had to work the front, back, take orders and bus the tables, so I'd definitely cut her some slack.  However, her fellow co-worker (a.k.a homeboy with the asian popstar hair and get up) needed to step up a little more help the chick out.
