5	I headed into Young Plantations/Reid's Fine Foods today for the first time in about three years. My next-door neighbor's husband suffered a minor stroke late last week and I really wanted to bring something nice over for them that was beyond the flowers/balloons type of "Get Well" gift.I wandered about the store a little aimlessly looking at their gift baskets of snacks. A woman approached me, and asked if she could help me - her name was Theresa. I told her what I was looking for: Something heartier than snacks, something that could save them some time. She suggested a delicious looking house-made frozen lasagne from their freezer case that I decided to pair with a nice bottle of red, for when he can drink wine again.Theresa went in the back and magically turned these two things into a lovely gift, with heat-shrunk plastic and a spring-like series of tulle bows and ribbons that didn't look too "girly" at all. She gave me a card to fill out, and then incorporated it into the gift.I jokingly mentioned that I had bought the wife one of those "freeze your own/liquor included" Margarita drink packs from Harris Teeter a few minutes earlier, since she was no doubt incredibly stressed. Theresa said, "Bring it in, I can wrap it up for her!" She took the drink pack and in a few minutes appeared with it in a festive bag and more curled ribbon. Brilliant! She didn't even charge me for that.I asked about the Reid's Fine Foods items available throughout the store. Theresa informed me that Young Plantations bought Reid's and that this was now a satellite type of store for their foods. (I loved Reid's Fine Foods uptown, and not just because I share a last name with them!) The quality of Reid's foods are definitely present in this offshoot store, and I heard another staffer mention that in the future they hope to offer fresh meat at this location as well, eventually. Currently, they have an outdoor farmer's market type setup for fresh produce. You have to buy your produce outside separate from what you buy inside. Still, it's a great place to get fresh local fruits and vegetables. Thanks to Theresa and Young Plantation/Reid's Fine Foods, I was able to bring over a festive, put-together gift that was a lot more practical than flowers or a balloon. I'll definitely be heading back there anytime I need a gift of food from the heart for friends!
4	What a neat place - literally!!!   Honestly,  it is spotless. I love this place and cannot wait to go back.  Though it's not really a huge store, it has plenty of items to catch your eye and your interest. Just to name a few of their unique food items:  they have numerous types of hot sauce, 2 big kettles of freshly boiled peanuts (regular and Cajun), the 'hot' ginger ale in glass bottles as well as other sodas in glass bottles, cheeses, different types of Pimento Cheese, various crackers, cheese straws, elk meat jerky as well as beef jerky,  various kinds of salsas, and all kinds of other neat things!  I will have to say that they are a bit pricey on some of their items - sometimes even up to $2.00 more on some items as opposed to other stores.  That's why I had to give them 4 stars instead of 5.     They also have greeting cards, gift items, and items representing both NC (NCSU, Duke, and UNC) and SC (USC and Clemson) colleges.  I imagine that since they are located near the border - they wanted to give us choices; I think that's a pretty GOOD choice on their part!!   Their outdoor farmers market. is loaded with lots of fresh fruits and veggies to choose from.  The corn that we got there was really, REALLY good!    I bought a large cup of their boiled peanuts (mixing 3/4 Cajun flavored and 1/4 regular flavored) that were simmering in big kettles.  These were some of the very best boiled peanuts that I have ever eaten.  They were big and easy to break open.  NOTE:  **Eating (and actually liking!) boiled peanuts is an acquired taste - even for Southerners.    And NO!... you DO NOT eat the shells!**
1	I'd driven by this place a few times and wondered what it would be like.  One day I had some time so I decided to stop in and look around.  I was greeted by a gentleman who was working over his produce stock outside.  I went into the shop and looked around.  There were several women behind the counter and they were very busy chatting about various things but never asked if they could help me.  I found the store had some interesting things including some local products made by small vendors, etc. but that things were very pricey compared to other local stands and shops.  Moreover, no one there seemed to want to help or even break away from their talking.Eventually I selected a watermelon.  Took it to the counter.  Paid for it.  And left.  Unfortunately, I was apparently an interruption to the nice ladies who were so busy talking.  At least, that was the perception they gave me.The watermelon was outstanding but I was surprised and bothered that the service was so poor.  I decided to wait a couple of weeks and return again.  This time there were only 2 women working inside.  And one of them appeared to actually be working.  But once again I felt as if I were interrupting something important.  I had questions but was never offered help.  I finally left without purchasing anything.  What a shame.  It seemed like it could have been a good local store.  Given their ridiculously high prices and very poor customer service, I don't see how they can stay in business.  I'm even wondering if the other reviews are fake.  Or at least very dated.
