5	I stayed at this hotel while working a special event in the neighborhood. I was exhausted when I got back to the room and was worried I would not be able to sleep (strange place). Well as it turned out, this hotel was one of the nicest places I have ever stayed, and I have traveled all my life. To start, the room was immaculate. Everything I needed was there and plenty of towels too. Then I noticed I could hear nothing, no noise from outside. It was soundproof so all the noise from the lobby area and the cars passing by was gone. The bed was awesome and I really enjoyed the goose down pillows. I had a nice complimentary breakfast in the morning and a quick check out by the friendly hotel staff. The room was a suite with a full kitchen and I enjoyed some coffee in the morning as well. The internet was free too which I have had to pay up to $15 a day at some places before. This is just a great value for your money at this hotel. I heard less traffic in the room than I hear in my home in North Phoenix! I highly recommend this hotel for business or family/friends that may be visiting. it was a 5 star experience.
5	Awesome hotel.  I got a suite with a full kitchen, a living room area, and then the room where the bed actually was is pretty huge! I love that internet is complimentary, I'm used to paying 10-15 bucks a day.  I read that they do have complimentary breakfast and I got here late today and they had some kind of light eats for dinner time close to the lobby.  The only thing is that they don't have room service if you do get check-in pretty late but they do have a booklet where you can order but there is a 20 minimum and a delivery fee.  I paid it just because I'm tired and don't want to go anywhere but there are some restaurant close by.
3	Our team was in Tempe for a dragonboat festival, and we stayed at this hotel.  Positives:  Rooms were quite large, and accomodating of big groups.  The large suites were awesome.  The front desk was patient with our large reservation.  Free breakfast.  Hotel shuttle to airport.  Negatives:  Housekeeping did not clean rooms until very late in the day.  They did not bring towels when asked.  We were told that the breakfast began at 6am, but didn't find out that it began at 7am on the weekend.  Breakfast wasn't that great, and a few people got ill from it. Hotel shuttle didn't know that they were supposed to drop off people at the festival, even though this was prearranged by the hotel and festival staff.  Shuttle was often late and got lost going to the site.  Hotel did not seem adequately staffed with housekeeping or front desk.  Overall the hotel management seemed disorganized.
1	This hotel has the laziest employees.  Yesterday, I spilled espresso on my jacket while I was at the client across the street, I went  straight to the hotel front desk to drop off my jacket for dry cleaning.  I was promised that it will be picked up and returned the following day.  So today, I stopped by the front desk to pick up my jacket and I was so surprised to see that it was never sent out for dry cleaning and I asked the front desk person for an explanation, but she was just so full of excuses.So, with that said, I will not be staying at this hotel if ever I am back to visit this client site in the future.
5	I have stayed at this excellent hotel for at least a month of my life over the past year. The facility is clean and new, and the suites are large and well-appointed. However, the real asset is their people. I've stayed at hotels all over the world, and I've never seen the teamwork that is displayed here. It's not uncommon to see housekeepers visiting with the fancy sales staff, or the maintenance staff jumping in during busy times at the front desk. Everyone is working together to keep guests happy. The best folks are the tag team of Dorothy and Electra serving the free dinner on weeknights.Don't pay any attention to people complaining that their dry cleaning was late or that there's no room service. You'd have to be a moron to stay at an all-suite hotel and start making demands like you're living it up at a full-service hotel.
3	Second time we have stayed here as it is across the street from Diablo Stadium. Nice rooms, free breakfasts and overall well maintained. They must have been very short staffed this trip though. Came at 1 pm and our room was not ready (normal) and returned at 5 to be told it still wasn't ready. Then one day we came back to our room at 4 pm and housekeeping hadn't come through. When they finally came it was just to empty trash cans and bring new towels. Rather disappointing but we will stay here again and give them another chance.
