4	Here's a rundown of the daily happenings:Monday: Beer Goggle Mondays presented by Miller Lite - 10:00am - 6:00pm$30 6-pack buckets of Miller LiteNo Cover!Tuesday: Topless Tuesdays - 10:00am - 6:00pm$3 champagne for all topless ladies!No Cover!Wednesday: Wasted Wednesdays - 10:00am - 6:00pm$40 pitchers of SmirnoffNo Cover!Thursday: Sweet Thursdays - 10:00am - 6:00pm$100 bottles of Seagram's Sweet Tea VodkaNo Cover!Friday: DJ Rico - 10:00am - 6:00pmNo Cover!Saturday: Finger Paint Saturdays with Jerry Fill - 10:00am - 6:00pmWashable fingerpaints are available for ladies to paint themselves!No Cover!Sunday: Soultry Sundays with DJ SoloistNo Cover!I came here with a friend around noon last Friday. We waited or the host to come over to us so we could ask him where we were allowed to sit since there wasn't anything besides day beds and cabanas surrounding the pool. He replied, "Well, the day beds are $300 and you can pick any one you want, OR you could just give me $100 right now and sit wherever you want." Luckily I was wearing sunglasses so I was able to hide my "WTF" face before he said, "I'm just messing with you. Normally we charge for everything, but since there isn't really anyone here you can just sit wherever you'd like, including the cabanas." I got all excited because I've never stayed in a cabana in Vegas before. It was really nice with striped draperies on each corner which you could close for a more intimate setting (not that I needed one) and puffy couches that you could easily fall asleep on. The pool itself wasn't heated when we first set foot in it, but after about 5 minutes they turned on the heater so it became nice and comfortable. We ordered a couple beverages while in the pool, waded around a little bit, then went back to our cabana to drink and chit chat. One thing I really liked about this place was that there was no music blasting. Majority of the time we were there, there wasn't any music playing at all and when they did play music it was classical music in a low volume. I will be back many more times. This pool is such a nice little hideaway from all the loud and crowded pools on the strip.
4	On Saturdays, the Naked Pool becomes a haven for those who want a little more  of a secluded and uninhibited environment than the dayclubs/pool parties on the Strip. The Artisan hosts Evolve- an event for couples and single females, complete with DJ. Cover is free for single females and $45 per couple ($25 if you pre-pay online).  The vibe can range from mellow to wild- this Saturday, most of the women were topless and several were dancing sexily on the stage overlooking the pool.The pool area itself is pretty small, surrounded by daybeds and cabanas (for purchase), and no lounge chairs.  There is also a small bar out there, and they have some creative and tasty drinks, which can be purchased by the glass ($12) or pitcher. Food is also available, and although I didn't sample any, it looked really good.The DJ lineup changes week to week, but this Saturday, DJ Shadow Red was rockin! He played some of everything- from current club tracks, top 40, hip hop, old school, EDM- you name it, he mixed it in!   If you want to get off the madness of the Strip and try a different vibe, the Naked Pool may be for you!
5	I love the naked pool!!! We went there on Sunday and it was so chill and relaxed. Small pool but great area to hang out, drink and have fun. Definitely a "lifestyle" place but you can totally go there and say no if you are not into it. Bubbles is awesome, my wife gave him a couple of topless hugs, ladies make sure you give bubbles some love, he has a rough job!!!I only wish we lived in Vegas so we could visit here more often, thanks Artisan for making a safe fun environment for people who aren't convinced by American standards of sunbathing to have a great place to come and let it "almost all" hang out. Can't wait to come back!
5	get ready and go
4	Like everybody else says, the Naked Pool at the Artisan Hotel is super chill. As locals we sneak away from work whenever we can on a Mon-Thu because the pool is open to anybody who wants to use it. First come/first served on the daybeds and cabanas - no charge. Topless sunbathing is allowed so that means no children. Towels are available for all guests. The bar is available in the lounge for drinks, but no food service on Mon or Tue and rest the week food doesn't start until 5:30. It's not a five star place like Mandalay, but the staff is friendly, and we just love the Artisan. They have big parties with DJs on the weekends so sometimes it's a little messy on Monday, but it's FREE so you can't complain. The music isn't super loud so you can socialize, have a conversation, and maybe make some new friends. Stop reading and come on out to the Naked Pool!
2	Located in The Artisan Boutique Hotel. Don't let the name fool you. The pool itself is the size of a shot glass, and it is crammed into a small lot. The only thing big here is the attitude of the staff. No ice water? WTF? $6 for a bottle of water? WTF? This is a clear case of a place forgetting what it is vs. what it pretends to be. This is a property that is trying to change its well earned image as the place you would never want to be caught dead in to a somewhat respectable property. My little rant aside its still a pretty cool place. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Went to the Evolve party at the Naked pool on Saturday the 20th.   The pool is pretty small, but the water wasn't bad, the drinks were pretty good, and there was an eclectic mix of couples arrayed about the pool.We showed up a little after noon, and there were 2 daybeds still open and two of the Cabanas were unoccupied.The wife and I had never been to a Topless pool before, let alone a pool party that was centered around "the lifestyle".   We were just looking to dip our toes into the idea, and it was actually pretty fun.We met some fun and interesting people while we were there, had some great conversations with some very friendly folks, and ended up going out on the town with another newbie couple that night.  Definitely the most fun day and night we had on our trip.  :)All in all, if you are looking for a child free pool, with a bit of a sexy and edgy vibe, along with some friendly and mostly topless folks, this isn't a bad place to hang out.   We may visit again on our next trip to Vegas.
