5	When you first walk into Shoku you feel that you are at a modernized ramen shop but you are in for a surprise. From traditional to a modern twist to a Japanese classic it has a taste for just about anyone. Start with service it was great. You are greeted and are seated promptly with menu present and staff was very helpful, informative, and considerate. Food is amazing! Appetizers are available but I'm here for the main show the ramen! Their house Tonkotsu ramen which is their claim to fame is by far the best I have tasted in Vegas the broth is balanced and does not feel like you swallowed a salt shaker and lard cube which I feel most ramen shops tend to do. Then to finish the meal off I wanted to see If they had another ace up their sleeve and they did,black sesame ice cream. I did not order it but I will the next time because I already when with my trusty Mochi ice cream. All in all Shoku Ramen-ya has the makings of a great ramen house.
4	Pretty solid ramen place. The ni tamago was delicious too bad you have to pay to add it on, but that's how they pretty much all are. The noodles are great too. They aren't the really thin ones. They are thicker curly chewy ones. Which I prefer. The broth was a lot thinner then I was used to. I ordered the miso. Towards the end of the bowl it did get a little salty, but overall pretty good. The pork was also different. I'm used to the pieces that just literally melt into the broth, but this pork was thicker and meatier and stayed put together. The pork was flavored decent, but I think some other ramen places in town have more strongly flavored pork. Overall I'd say this is the 3rd best ramen place in town. But it's down the street from my house so I'll probably come here more often than my other favorite two. =)Also service was very good.
4	Honestly, I'm just happy this place is finally open after months of seeing the "Coming Soon" banner (and another month or so of no banner).I went with the basic Tonkotsu Ramen bowl with Ni Tamago added in. The broth was flavorful and quite complex. I don't have a very refined palate, but I enjoyed whatever it was I was sensing. The pork was different to what I'm used to. It had a stronger grilled flavor. So while nowhere near as tender as Monta, it was good in its own way.Honestly, I think I prefer Sora and Monta. But being so close to work, it's an excellent lunch option. Their service was super quick and friendly too. That helps put Shoku into my work week lunch rotation.p.s. Don't forget to leave room for some Black Sesame Ice Cream!
4	Decided to give this place a try when I saw that it was finally open.  Very cute, low key and intimate.  The service was sincere and the ramen was great.  Took a minute to understand the menu (to combo or not to combo) but the staff was pretty attentive and helpful.  Tried the garlic fried rice, pickled garlic and the pork ramen.  For dessert I had both the mochi and the black sesame ice cream.  Can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu :)
5	SHOKU RAMEN-YA is supposed to be a Kyushu style ramen house. But, claiming to be a Kyushu style ramen-ya is quite vague on account of the fact that there are actually many different sub-variations of ramen inside of the Kyusha region. In Japan, most people consider Toyko, Sapporo, and Hakata to be the 3 major regional variations of Ramen. So I made the assumption that SHOKU would be a Hakata style ramen house, but I discovered that it wasn't. I'm sitting here right now wondering what regional variation this really is. I have not tried all 6 sub-variations of Kyushu because I've never lived in Japan. I can't ask my Dad what variation this is because he has never been to Japan. My Grandfather has never been to Japan either. My Great Grandfather was born in Yokohama so that won't help, plus he's like f*cking dead. Popular Yelp Elite Jen G and I are actually friends in real life, and we both have been anticipating the opening of this restaurant for almost 6 months now.  For many months no one knew anything about this place. There were two rumors going around: 1st-This was going to be a Ramen-Ya operated by the Miko's Izakaya people and they were gonna take ramen off the menu at their main shop. 2nd- This was another Ramen-Ya from the Mon-Group....... Both rumors turned out to be false. Jen G actually took initiative and walked in here during construction and found out that: this place was a Bachi Burger spinoff, it would be Kyushu Ramen-Ya, and they had no grand opening day set. There was also another rumor that I heard from another Japanese business owner who said that the Miko's Izakaya people were attempting to stop the opening of this restaurant, and that's why it just wouldn't open for the last couple of months. All I can say about this place is that it's a Nisei/Sansei style J-restaurant. It doesn't have the taste or feel of a traditional Japanese restaurant. You can't really even compare it to Katsu-San's Fukumimi.  To me it's more similar to  Anime Ramen in Chinatown(and I'm a big fan of Ryo and his staff at Anime Ramen).I already see a lot of the yelpers comparing this place to Monta. Just a note, most Japanese people who have eaten at 100s of Ramen-yas don't think Monta is really that good. Many LV Japanese residents complain about inconsistencies in their quality and too many Emos hanging out at the bar. The only people who think Monta is "the best" are usually Chinese people and Korean girls for some reason(I'm an activist for anti-discrimination of Asian-Americans and oddly we actually had this "Monta" conversation during our last meeting).The positive things about the ramen was that it had very fresh tasting noodles, and they cooked it to the firmness which I requested. The miso ramen didn't seem to have a significant miso presence. But, this ain't a Sapporo ramen house so I can't really complain about that. Maybe my only complaints would be that the amount of noodles in the bowl seemed very small, the egg was an add on, and the cook might have mistaken tablespoon and teaspoon when he was adding the salt. The Karage Chicken Wings are the best things on the menu. I personally believe they should just sell these things instead of ramen and change the name of the restaurant to Shoku Karage Chicken Wings-Ya. Believe me, I am not f*cking joking...these wings are better than any wing I have ever had in my life. I could eat this unique spin on karage all day long till my heart stops.I'm gonna give this place another try in about a month. I noticed that the owner was still trying to train all the new workers, and most of them seemed a little lost. During a conversation with some of the workers, they told me that they didn't know there were other ramen-yas in Las Vegas. Many of them thought SHOKU was the only one. This is the complete opposite of places like Fukumimi where even the servers have like 10 years of Ramen experience. I'm also hoping in a month that the cook balances out the spices a little bit. In the end, I would never dare give just an OK review to such a hard working Japanese-American, so it gets 5-stars by default.
1	I had somewhat of a high expectation given favorable reviews from one of my trusted yelpers as well as from the expectations that people have from recent openings of authentic ramen-ya's in this town.  This just shows how simple things such as Ramen is not easy to imitate by wannabes.  You can't just put mayo and yum yum sauce to cover crap up.  I have read beforehand  that the owner of this establishment is Hawaiian Japanese nisei or sansei.  As Ramen is sort of a "soul food" for Japanese people, this was a source of slight concern for me, as many nisei, sansei, etc,in this country are not as well versed in the Japanese language and culture as they think they are.  But all the background info aside, I wanted to see what Bachi folks' interpretation of ramen was so here is my take on this place. The decor is modern chic, not very Ramen-ya like, but it's a cozy place.  The menu is written in Japanese/English, and the Japanese part of the menu gave away that the owner is not a native speaker.  My daughter and I look at each other with a look of concern, but we said "as long as it tastes good".....but it baffles me why the owner didn't have a native speaker proofread something as important as a menu; imagine reading a menu with a bunch of typos.  Most people won't even notice this but it tells ME something about attention to details.  We ordered an appetizer of gyoza and I had tonkotsu, she had buta-san, which is basically a tonkotsu ramen with extra chasyu.  Gyoza was not bad.  Not Monta quality but satisfactory.  They also have a "gyoza sauce", but a lot of us like to make our own by mixing soy sauce and rice vinegar along with rayu and I'm personally not very fond of pre-made ones.  Also, you are asked whether we wanted our noodle firm or soft.  Firm, I ordered, as it should be, I"m not sure who would want a ramen noodle to be soft.   That's just wrong to me.  It's not the way ramen noodle is supposed to be.  So the ramen....I don't even know where to start with this.  The broth was not all there. Actually, it wasn't there AT ALL.  It tasted thin, unsavory, hardly any umami, and was void of any rich tonkotsu flavor that it was supposed to have.  The menu said "hakata-style" but I can see someone from Hakata feeling quite insulted by this.  If I put a bunch of MSG in chicken broth it might taste like this.  The noodle....WTF.  It was floppy, soft, and had absolutely no KOSHI, which is a term used to describe, not exactly firmness, but the quality of rebound or crispness you feel when you bite into it, and I ordered a FIRM??  I couldn't tell if this was a problem of having poor quality noodle or was just horrendously overcooked, but I have a feeling that it was both.  I think packaged ramens have better quality noodle.  The two main components or ramen are noodle and soup/broth, just as Nigiri Sushi has rice/shari and fish/tane, and just as nigiri sushi, the harmony between those two parts is the very important 3rd component of any good ramen.  This ramen had zero out of three.  I was trying to decide between 1 or 2 stars, but I would have to go with 1 given the quality of this ramen.  It is with great sadness that I have to leave such a review, but I have to be truthful, and for those who are familiar with my reviews, I stress authenticity quite a bit, but this ramen is at a level where authenticity is not even relevant.  It's anime ramen level.  It's not something you expect out of a place that specializes in ramen.  I'm at a loss for words here.  As much as I enjoy recent boom of authentic Japanese restaurants in this town, I just as much, if not more, resent wannabes who try to ride the bandwagon and I must say that this is one such case.  The other reviewers who spoke highly of this place should really revisit monta, sora, and fukumimi and listen to their palates.  Shoku is not in the same league as the above 3.  IMHO, it ain't even in the same ball park or the same sport.
3	ANOTHER RAMEN RESTAURANT? I'm not complaining, high five to more options.So Shoku is owned by Bachi Burger who are RIGHT next door and if you don't know are a trendy joint that specialize in gourmet burgers with an Asian twist, so one should assume that applies to the ramen restaurant as well. First and foremost Shoku definitely makes the prettiest ramen, it has a nice contrast of colors and as far as I know the only restaurant to use black garlic oil (*EDIT* never mind Fukumimi uses BGO). I'm not an advocate of food being true to style, but the flavors I tasted in the Buta-San Ramen were strange. The menma or bamboo shoots were really sweet as were the (berkshire?) pork loin slices, and pork belly. So if you are like me who likes to eat each component individually, its going to be weird. I have to be honest the broth didn't have much depth even though its tonkotsu based although definitely saw the fat floating on top, if anything the black garlic oil was the most dominant flavor in the broth. Noodles can be ordered firm (normally how they always come) and soft, but soft noodles sounds weird, you lose the nice bite component. Hate to be an McKayla Maroney, but overall I wasn't too impressed. Service was great though, came to our table often, refilled water, etc etc. I'm down to still give it another go, but this being on the complete other side of Vegas for me, I won't be in a hurry.
3	I almost didn't enter b/c only a dark, glass door is visible from the outside and I don't like surprises. I prefer to be able to see into a dining establishment before entering it . . . but my risk was rewarded b/c it was a cool, little rectangular space, with clean lines and spare yet punchy decor. The subtle flavors in my tonkotsu ramen were pleasing to the palette. I ate the cherry(?) garnish on top w/out knowing exactly what it was, however, and promptly, foolishly bit through the pit. A refreshing glass of matcha green tea took care of washing that down and I resumed eating firm noodles and tender pork slices. I look forward to a future visit.
4	I thought Shoku was good and similar to the other ramen places on the other side of town. The interior is very hip and the waitstaff are very friendly. I had the tonkotsu ramen which was tasty. I wish they had shoyu ramen too but I enjoyed my colorful bowl or ramen. My only tiny complaint is I wish the ramen was a tad hotter, but otherwise I will be back!
3	Man if Fukumimi wasn't around, I'd give this place 4 stars.  However, with all these options now (monta, fukumimi, sora) all my rankings got a bit jacked up.  Came here and ordered the buta-san ramen along with the chicken wings for an appetizer.  Like bachi burger, i can tell this place uses some quality ingredients.  My heavenly pork? i think that's what they called it was pretty tasty but it didn't mesh too well with the broth, i prefer the traditional chasu instead.The chicken wings were fried pretty intensely but i cant complain cause i love fried goodness.Overall, the soup could been hotter, and the broth was a bit too fatty as you can see chunks of white fat floating around.definitely would try again though.
3	With the recent popularity and boom of ramen joints around Vegas, my expectations for Shoku were probably a tad higher than they should have been. Upon entering, there was no music playing, and the lack of chatter among customers made the place seem a little awkwardly quiet (jazz music began playing a little later, though).The waitresses were obviously new and/or inexperienced. I ordered the spicy miso and my friend ordered the tonkotsu ramen with a side of gyoza. The waitress confidently presented our respective dishes - dishes that we almost immediately realized were switched. That could have just been a little mistake instead of a lack of knowledge, though.The ramen was what ultimately made me decide to give Shoku three stars. I chose my noodles "firm" and didn't expect to find a thick clump of noodles still stuck together in the middle of my meal. The chashu was not the soft texture I was used to, which made me a little disappointed.The broth was actually better than expected though - not too salty with a decent kick of spice. It was nice that ramen already came with a few toppings as well.The gyoza were meh. They probably would have tasted better if they were hot and fresh but instead seemed cold and dejected. On a random note, I was childishly fascinated with the sesame grinder they had on the table. The tables were also nice and clean and new. I spent a good 5 minutes stroking it...All in all, Shoku is just okay. We decided to stop by only because we were already sort of in the area but if I were to choose, I would not go out of my way when there are so many ramen places closer to my house.
3	Even though they have only been open for a week... they do have some work to do. The broth was lacking... Traveling to Japan and having ramen I've never wanted to add anything to it as it was perfect. Me and my other half however needed something in that broth as it was bland.. good but not as flavorful. The pork was a little disappointing. It was very meaty but not the normal melt in your mouth chashu. The gyoza and garlic bacon fried rice was on point though! What is even cooler is that it is owned by the Bachi Burger company and you can get a side of the pickled garlic which is my absolute favorite!! I would come back only if I was too lazy to drive to Spring Mountain because this is located down the street from my house. Not sure if I would bring my family who are ramen lovers as well until I see that it has some changes.. but it's only the beginning, everything changes with openings of restaurants!
3	First let me say that I luv that there's a Ramen place near my house - FINALLY!!!!Oh and it's right next door to yummy Bachi Burger - now a yummy Japanese/Hawaiian Bakery just needs to open next door to these 2 places and I'm good.....The inside is on the small side but not as small as other Ramen places - I lived in SF for a few yrs. and there are way smaller restaurants - almost tiny.....Again just like the last Ramen place we ate at the decor of wood (wooden chairs, tables ect...) seem to be the trend right now.The waitress and waiter were very attentive - constantly giving us new water even though we weren't finished with the water we already had.I asked the BF about what something was on the menu and waitress heard me and answered my question right away - that was good knowing that she was paying attention.Gyoza - different,tasty, but needed to be cooked longer. An order consists of 8 pieces and by the time we got to the 6th piece I noticed that the inside was not hot and too soft so when I spit it out I saw that it was still raw. The waitress showed the chef and I was asked if we wanted a new order but we declined.*** I orderd the Lobster Ramen only sadly to be told that they were out of Lobster - That sucked!!!! ***So I settled on the Miso Ramen while adding Buttered Corn for $2.00 (which I think is too much $ for corn) and fried garlic.The noodles were perfectly firm and yummy- I enjoyed the noodles. The broth to me could've had more taste - I know that I could've added Soy Sauce ect... But I like eating food at a place that I'm paying for without having to add flavor. I'm not saying that I didn't like it - I just think the broth needed more something.....The BF had the Spicy Miso Ramen which had Chasu,Red Ginger,Kaiware,Fried Garlic,Spinach,Green Onions, Chile Threads, Menma and Nori. Now, one look at this soup and it looked like a party going on in that bowl!!! I tried the broth at it was OK as well. I like the Spinach and all the add-ins. The BF was a little turned off by all the add-ins while I on the other hand was turned on by it....I LOVE PICKELED PLUMS!!!! So I was happy to know that you get a pickled plum in your soup but I think they should've used seedless plums cause if your not careful you could hurt yourself chopping down on one.I was given a complementary scoop of their Black Sesame Ice Cream probably because of my raw gyoza. I am thankful though for the ice-cream. I liked the ice cream - yes it was different and a bit weird at first but once you get over the weirdness it's actually yummy....I think the prices of the appetizers should be cheaper though....So while our first visit was OK I will return to Shoku Ramen-ya again and hopefully get to try the Lobster Ramen,Karage Chicken wings (even though I hate wings) and the fried rice looked good as well. I like to give all new restaurants a 2nd try before I count them out because just like a new baby - there needs to be time to grow :0 crawl,walk, then run......
2	Ramen... another food that is new to my palette and is as old as time to my wife's. This review is a summation of what took me a solid week to get out of my wife who is too nice to give something negative without finding the smallest compliment go with it, but who's Japanese pride eventually boils to the surface.First, the good!Location: Easy to get to off the 215 and a small drive from the 15.Staff: Our waitress was attentive, friendly, and took the time to explain what was going on and made sure we had all the condiments we needed. Whenever she saw I water getting low she was quick with a refill.Atmosphere: Urban chic, but laid back enough to unwind. The modern upbeat Jazz music was a nice change from the norm.The bad:Now, I know there is always a battle between those who hold authenticity close to their hearts and those who give leeway due to the fact that this is Las Vegas not Japan.The wife and I ordered the Tonkatsu, I took mine regular while the wife combo'd it with gyoza and hanjuku egg. The wife's first sip of the broth was followed by a "that's not right" look, but being the cheerful person she is said it tasted good. Upon further hammering by me she said "The broth is not as 'deep' as it should be." When I kept on asking how she stated "There isn't that much flavor, there should be more flavor" and that she thought she was eating miso sesame ramen, not tonkotsu. She was also put off by the sake like after taste of the hanjuku egg, void of the umami flavor she was expecting.She summed it up by saying that she would never bring in a person from Kyushu, where tonkatsu ramen is there pride. When I asked if she would bring in another Japanese person at all she answered with a quick 'no.'What really highlighted how off their broth was when we made the instant tonkotsu she had in the cupboard only a few days later. After tasting that I understood how disappointed my wife was.So, was it good soup? Yes.Was it proper ramen? No, no, no.
5	I'm not Japanese and I'm not a ramen connoisseur by any stretch, but I do know what my taste buds like, and what they don't.  I won't even begin to compare Shoku with other ramen-ya like Monta or Sora because other than the delicious 29 cent packages i get at the grocery store, those are the only other places I've ever had ramen.   So I will just talk about Shoku itself.It's very small when you walk in, but it's cute.  Wooden tables and everything is very clean and orderly.  The host who greeted us (a VERY handsom man, I might add) was very friendly and helpful.  The place was pretty much empty, but I really liked the feel of the restaurant: cozy, warm, comfortable.  It's a place I could go eat by myself and not feel out of place.Other than the host, I only saw one other worker most likely because the place wasn't busy.  I ordered the karaage chicken wings and the buta-san ramen.  The chicken wings were very crunchy on the outside but very tender and juicy on the inside.  I wasn't sure what to expect since I only ordered them on the recommendation of other yelpers, but they were pretty good.  I loved the sauce they came with too.  My only complaint is you only get a total of 2 wings (2 drums and 2 middle parts).  Onto the ramen!  The buta-san ramen came with 3 different kinds of pork.  I can't specifically remember which kind, but one of them looked like a strip of fat.  The person I was with didn't care for it, but I sank my teeth into it and it was like melting pork butter in my mouth. I don't think it was fat, because it didn't taste like it, it just looked like it.  Anyway, the kurabuta pork chop was interesting.  The star anise (maybe it was something else, but sweet cinnamon-ish) taste was slightly overpowering, but it tender and delicious.  The ni tamago only cost an extra $1.50, so maybe they lowered the price on that since other yelpers complained.   The broth was fatty and full of flavor, I thought.  It was different than other broths I've tasted, but I've only ever ordered tonkatsu shoyu ramen, and since I didn't see that on the menu I setteled for just tonkatsu broth.  The noodles were different too, but still quite delicious.The bowl of ramen was pretty big!  Maybe that's why the wings portions was small, but I finished my entire bowl and was stuffed and couldn't even eat the ice cream I was so looking forward to.  All in all, I am SO excited this place is open now and close to my house because I get crazy ramen cravings and this more than satisfied it.  I guess if you're a ramen elitist and critical of its authenticity, you might hav a different opinion, but if we're talking about good food, good prices, good ambience, good service, then I give this 5 stars all the way.  I'll be frequenting this place quite often.
1	Photos and decor are better than the taste of food...
3	I work in the area and have been passing by the open soon sign for way too long. It took me a little bit to get here once they opened, but I finally made it.I came here today for lunch with a coworker and we were greeted quickly and seated. The servers took our drink orders quickly and brought us a carafe of ice water, which they never let get even half empty before refilling it. I ordered the spicy miso ramen with corn and my lunch partner ordered the tonkatsu. The noodles were nice and I really enjoyed the fresh corn and pork. The broth was a tad salty but everything else was really good. The salty broth was the only thing keeping me from giving this place a four star review. I had to avoid drinking too much of the broth since it was making me thirsty. I'm by no means a ramen expert, but I know what I enjoy and aside from the salty broth, I liked this place. Since I work in the area, I expect to come by pretty often and I look forward to try the other version so I can hopefully find one that is not as salty.
4	Finally the wait is over and it was worth it!  The wife and I shared the fried chicken wing appetizer, and it was amazing. The Keewpi Siracha dipping was cplimented their crispy skin nicely. My Buta-San ramen with pork cheeks had a good broth, but my wife's Spicy Miso was better. The only thing preventing me from giving this five stars was the side of pork belly, which was a lot leaner than I'm used to. Not saying this is better than Manta, but I'm glad I don't have to drive 45 min for ramen anymore.
3	Tried this place for the first time yesterday because it was closer by the house and next to bachi burger. The place looks very clean and spacious compared to other small ramen places. The staff were very attentive.Food: I ordered the spicy miso combo with nitamago & gyoza on the sideMy bf ordered the tonkatsu & some mini pork bowl (I forgot what it was) Anyways, when I took a first sip on my soup (spicy miso) it was very very very salty to the point where it was so hard to eat it. Don't get me wrong the broth was really good I wish it wasn't salty and also the noodles were so soggy. I wish the pork wasn't tough isn't it supposed to be tender because its a soup after all. After we were done eating & got home I got sick and threw up bc of all the salty soup I consumed. I really wanna like this place cause its right by the house but what the hell? I tried my bf's soup which is the tonkatsu and it tasted pretty good the mini pork bowl he got was good as well. If I ever come back ill make sure not to get that spicy miso ever again!! :(
3	I was very excited to see a Ramen joint open up in my neighborhood.  My latest food adventures have been taking me to Ramen places.  Just like your other Ramen joints, the seating is a long bench against the wall, wooden tables that can be manuvered for bigger parties, and the bar nearest to the kitchen.  We were greeted very quickly with " Irasshaimase!" and because we came in before a rush were also seated very quickly. I ordered the Spicy Miso Ramen combo with Rice and Pork Belly-I posted pictures for you to see if you can't make up your mind.  My fiance got a half order of Gyoza with his TonKatsu Ramen.  BTW, he is a fellow yelper so I'll let him share his own experience in his own review. The pork belly was okay, it is topped off with Tobiko and Nori.  Mmmm I love Tobiko.  Anyhow, reason I said okay was that it may of been a little over cooked.  Another thing, Perhaps another reason it didn't taste as good as it looked was because we were sitting close to the door, so the food actually got cold fast.   Still, that of which I didn't finish in the rice bowl, I was eating the pork belly along with my ramen.  The Spicy Miso Ramen looked appetizing so that was what I ordered.  It was decorated with thick slices of Chasu, sprouts, garlic, greens, scallion, chile, bamboo shoots, a whole egg sliced in half, a seeded Ume, and they put a piece of Nori in your bowl.  Chasu was over cooked, its wasn't melt in your mouth Chasu like other ramen restaurants.  Noodles may of been dropped in a little too early.  Overall, the bowl of ramen was OK, nothing that wowed me or had me sipping up the bowl.  It is spicy maybe a spice scale from 1-10 a 5.  The broth was slightly salty.  A trick though for ramen is if it is salty, ask for more hot water.  I didn't ask for it at that time, but just a trick for ramen when it is salty.  BTW, bring yourself a toothbrush after because your breath is going to be kicking of garlic! LOL, I love garlic, but just wanted to advise you. The ambiance, the servers were great.  Food was ok, I probably would be back when I need to fulfill a craving for ramen if I didn't want to drive too far.  Actually I may try other things on the menu other than the ramen.  Maybe their specialty is in other dishes?
3	This place finally opened!  I had doubts if it ever would.My mom and I decided to try this place for dinner tonight. Location - great! Close to the southwest area & near the I-15 exit. It is located right next to Bachi burger.Restaurant - cozy, typical jap-style restaurant setting. Long wooden tables. Good atmosphere, but can see this place getting cramped during busy hours.Food - I ordered tonkatsu ramen with extra nori. My mom had some kind of marinated salmon bowl *don't remember the full name* (looked just like salmon eggs, thought it would be some kind of meat). I can only speak for the ramen. Overall it was O-K. I didn't like how the noodles were wayyy too soft. No bite to it whatsoever. The broth was a tad bit salty, but I dealt with it. It came with 2 slices of chasu and bamboo shoots. I wish it came with egg, but it was an additional charge. Price - a bit more expensive than monta, but maybe because it's the only one in this neighborhood so far..?Service - great and extremely attentive staff!  It wasn't busy during dinner tonight and we were seated right away.Overall, I'd only come back if I were with someone who wanted to try it out. Otherwise I'd make the drive to Chinatown for ramen. I wish the ramen places here in Vegas followed suit of ramen places in Cali, where you can specify how you want your noodles cooked :(
3	Another addition to the Japanese ramen houses in Vegas, Shoku falls just a little short of the couple of other ramen places that I really like.  Located next door to Bachi Burger, the place has a nice ambiance and a fresh upper class atmosphere.  The service is top notch as well.  Don't be afraid to take a date here!I ordered the lobster ramen ($16), which was the most expensive ramen on the menu.  I was just too intrigued to pass it up!  There were four nice big chunks of lobster in this ramen.  In the words of Borat, "Very nice!"  Overall the ramen was good but not great.  I didn't find myself unable to stop eating.  The noodles were slightly over cooked.  The chashu was average tasting and just a filler.  The fillers in general weren't bad, the corn, the seaweed, etc., but there was something not quite in balance with the broth.  It may have been the half a spoon garlic I added to it, or maybe it was too salty.  The broth absorbed the lobster flavor which I liked at first, but as I ate it something just didn't work for me.  Shoku Ramen-ya is a nice place to go if you live in that area, but I probably won't be seeking it out myself.
3	This place is definitely a must try.  It is a 3.5 star.1.  Ambiance - 4 star - Very nice small ramen place. Very modern, roomy, well lit. Could be a bit more cozy as it was a bit too sterile.2.  Service - 4 Star - Nice. Attentive, pleasant, just right.  The people there were all spread out and there was not enough tables to join to fit 7 people, so we waited a bit and they took care of us.  A nice couple left their table and drank at the small bar so we could sit.....3.  Food - 3 star - Pretty Good food.  Good selection and add-on's.a.  Broth - a bit strong and rich. I respect and enjoy the authentic broth that must have been boiled forever, just that it was a bit rich.  I believe I prefer a subtle broth and this Hakata style broth I like to do at home as well, so I really was excited, just a bit rich.  Hakata is the pork bones boiled over high heat to release the flavors into the soup. b.  Noodles - good overall.c.  Pork - They have pork belly (really fat)  Pork Cheek (that is what I am talking about) and the normal Tonkotsu.  Pretty good.d.  Tori Karaage - Fried chicken wings.  Pretty good. Wiped them out and had to order another dish.4.  Price - For some odd reason, just seemed expensive for 7 people, but perhaps I was just numerically challenged. With tax and tip, 95.00 for 5 adult and 2 kids (sharing one bowl).I like the place, there were hardly any "Japanese" eaters in here, more western clientele.  I think they can use better signage and all.  Right next to Bachi Burger.  The people are very pleasant and I will come back.GK says check it out.
4	The 2nd Day of Christmas.It was a cold Tuesday night.  My friends and I had just done a training run around the District at Green Valley and looked forward to some ramen to warm us up afterwards.  This new place is right next to Bachi Burger on Windmill, so it's nice to have a ramen joint on that side of town.  It was my friend Brian's first time having ramen that wasn't Top Ramen, so the menu was a puzzler.  Our waiter, Ehren, did an awesome job of breaking it down, though, explaining the differences between their style of noodle versus other types of ramen (like the style at Monta, though he didn't name that place) and other items on the menu.  I'm no ramen expert, but I've been to both Monta and Ramen Sora here in town as well as Ramen Jinya in L.A. and none of those places had Lobster Miso Ramen on their menus, so that's what I had.  It was a bowlful of bliss.  Brian had the same thing and the next thing I knew, his bowl was empty--pretty good for a ramen virgin.  The noodle style (again, no expert am I) can be compared to noodles in... Top Ramen.  Of course, Top Ramen is nothing like this, but to illustrate for average Joes and Janes who've been to the other ramen places I'm referring to, Shoku's noodles are kinda curly and thin, not thick and straight.  Either way, my friends and I enjoyed our first Run/Ramen night and look forward to more.
5	I'll keep this simple as I wouldn't consider myself a ramen connoisseur.  I simply enjoy great food and Shoku has it.  I've been here twice in the past couple weeks and will definitely be returning (probably this weekend!).  The flavors are amazing and prices are very fair.  Last night I decided to add the Natto and that was great as well.   Great job on a simple flavorful menu!
4	Shoku is small and quaint restaurant with very few tables. For the most part it is easier to get a table here than it is next door. Once it fills up, it gets hectic. The atmosphere is lively and minimalistic. The food is slightly on the salty side, but the flavor is better than some of the other ramen shops I have dined in. The fried chicken was tasty. I could probably fly through a couple orders by myself. The spicy miso and butasan are belly warmers that stick with you. They are rich. The noodles are cooked to the tooth and gives off a fantastic slurp. The bowls tend to have a well balanced mix of enhancing ingredients, but if you are not satisfied with the usual then additional items can be added. My dining partner and I trusted them and did not add a thing. It was the right move.The service is thorough up until it is time to get the check. This has always baffled me. Why do businesses do so well until the very last moment? I liked how they did not rush us out right away, but the not looking at us was odd. Other than that, the service was wonderful and warm.
3	Ramen place close to home on a cold, Vegas evening?We were promptly greeted and seated, given menus, a huge carafe of water, and were left to figure out what we wanted to eat. My friend and I both ordered the Spicy Miso, which had a piece of chasu, nori, and a few other things that I can't pronounce. The broth was hearty, however it was a bit different which I can't seem to pinpoint with my tastebuds. It was a good meal and will come back if I feel lazy to drive all the way to Chinatown or Bachi Burger is too crowded :)
5	I got a reputation around Yelp when it comes to Ramen. I've eaten at every major Ramen-Ya on the West coast, so I got a lot of credibility when it comes to recognizing a good bowl of Ramen. So my assessment is that: SHOKU RAMEN-YA doesn't have a good bowl of Hakata Tonkotsu Ramen...SHOKU has a GREAT bowl of Hakata Tonkotsu. Things have changed a lot here in the last month. I came here over a month ago during their soft opening,  and the manager was still training the cooks and servers to be more proficient. Today when I came to SHOKU, everything had been perfected. I have to congratulate the new manager(Ehren) for working non-stop around the clock, and dedicating his whole life into turning this place into one of the best Ramen-Yas in Las Vegas. The flavor of the Hakata Tonkotsu was a world of difference from last month! You can really taste the pork bones and marrow from them preparing the broth all day long in that traditional Kyushu style. The Charsu has changed as well. It's very soft, fatty, and tender like the ones you get at Onizuka Street. I loved it! Unlike 99% of the Ramen-Yas in LV, SHOKU actually has a Hanjuku Egg as one of their add ons. This is big! This really BIG!  Monta, Sora, and Shuseki only have normal medium-boiled eggs. A Hanjuku egg needs a lot of work to prepare correctly. It needs to be boiled for exactly 7 minutes to preserve it's extremely runny nature, then it must be instantly placed into ice water or the egg will continue to cook itself and the yolk will be ruined.Afterwards it's transferred to a mixture of shoyu, sugar, and sometimes vinegar. It will then be marinated for many hours. SHOKU is the only Ramen-Ya in Vegas that features this style of egg. It's a very rare delicacy here in LV. The Bacon Fried rice was the best Japanese fried rice I have ever had. Better than Monta...Better than Yagyu Yakinku..Better than Shuseki. The Bacon Rice here at SHOKU RAMEN-YA is a perfect fusion blend of flavors. It has the buttery qualities of Hibachi Fried Rice(ex-Benihana), but with much stronger and unique added flavors. Because SHOKU is a Bachi Burger spinoff, their cooks do fusion better than anyone. The manager of this restaurant told me that in a few weeks they will add Tan Tan Men onto the menu. I was like HOLY SH!T THIS IS HEAVY! Every Yelper knows that Tan Tan Men is my favorite Ramen variation in the world. I've been to every major Ramen-ya on the westcoast and only like 8 of them had Tan Tan Men. For those who don't know, Tan Tan Men is a very difficult dish to master for any chef. That's why there are Ramen-Yas that specifically specialized in ONLY Tan Tan Men. I've been to Chinese-Japanese Ramen houses where TTM was the only thing on the menu because the chef needed to put all his attention in only that one thing. I can't wait to see the SHOKU variation of Tan Tan Men. Ehren is one of the most talented restaurant managers in Las Vegas, and I'm confident that his staff can master this difficult variation. I encourage all the Nisei, Sansei, and Yonsei to come eat here, especially if you are from Hawaii. Every Japanese born in Hawaii I have spoken to have told me that SHOKU is one of the best Ramen-Yas on the mainland. There is something about the flavors here at SHOKU that make Hawaiians happy. I know that many of my Japanese-Hawaiian Yelp friends would love this place. Also, remember that this is a Kyushu style Ramen-Ya so it would be a travesty to order something that wasn't Tonkotsu. You don't go to a Sapporo Ramen house and not order the Miso. You don't got to a Tokyo Ramen house and not order the Shoyu. You don't go to a Chinese-Japanese Ramen house and not order the Tan Tan Men. And you defiantly should not go to a Hakata Ramen-Ya and not get the Tonkotsu. Tonkotsu is the signature dish of Hakata, Kyushu.
4	Shoku is next to Bachi burger and owned by the same people. Unlike Fukumimi, they provide condiments out at each table so you can add to your ramen as you see fit, but don't forget to taste the soup base without anything added first! They have a large dinning area that looks to fit at least 40+ people in it. You can't see the kitchen because the bar in front has a high wall, but it's slightly exposed. There is a bar area that you can sit too if you don't want to sit at regular tables.They bring out the pickled ginger and garlic in separate containers and offer it if you so desire to put them into your ramen, they do however add some of the ginger to the ramen. The server was very nice and asked if we had any food allergies to let the kitchen now, which I've never been asked about food allergies before, always had to let them know or ask about it, so that was a +1. The condiments that they offered include, goma (which has a grinder) or sesame seed, shoyu, chu oil, and gyoza sauce. Both my friend and I ordered the spicy miso combos except he got the one with the pork bowl and I got one with the gyoza. The combos came with an egg as well. The ramen had chashu, bamboo shoots, ginger, seaweed, and some sprouts. The broth was rich and a bit too salty for my tastes but some people like that. The noodles are okay, they're regular ramen noodles, but my friend didn't like it as it reminded him of making ramen at home as he said, not sure how that made any difference. The pork bowl that my friend had was a bit too strong in flavoring for myself, but I'm also not really much of a pork eater, but it was still good. The gyoza tasted like one of those prepackaged ones you can buy at the grocery store, it wasn't one of the good ones either. I won't be getting gyoza with my ramen here anymore. It was authentic more or less, I'll have to give it another try and see how I like it.
3	I've been here twice. Ordered the TONKOTSU ramen the first time and then the SHOYU ramen the second time. I didn't try the broth before putting in sauces the first time but I did the second time. It got a bit salty after my sauce add-ons the second time. Oops :b. The broth is okay, though, but doesn't really stand out to me.Overall, their noodles weren't anything special and it didn't taste all that great. They used to let you pick the texture (hard or soft kind of thing) of the noodles but according to a waiter, they stopped doing that because people complained. Ridiculous guests (for complaining)! I tried asking the server to make my noodles hard on my second visit but he had a look that was making me question my memory, lol. However, we ended up asking another server later on and he was VERY informative. He let us know that they will indeed be doing Tan Tan Men in the near future but there's no set date yet. I also tried the black sesame ice cream cause of the reviews/tips but it wasn't my kind of thing. If you get it, make sure you like black sesame, at least :0b.Overall, I'm not sure if I'd go back here.. maybe if I was on this side of town and wanted ramen. Otherwise, I doubt I will be back anytime soon.
3	Went to shoku ramn about 3 weeks ago. I ordered the tonkotsu ramen and the potstickers. the potstickers were good they were slightly burnt thats usually how i like it. its a lot crunchier when you bite into them. the ramen...now the ramen needs work the broth was extremely salty and the noodles were way too overcooked. basically when you bit into the noodles it was mushy. i definitely did not like that. i felt like the broth was so overly seasoned i couldnt taste anything but salt. i wouldnt go back to shoku unless i was really hungry and i was extremely close to it. i wouldnt drive out my way to go eat there again.
4	Another ramen spot, this one located right next door to Bachi Burger.  Might be hard to find if you're not looking for it as signage is only on the front door.First thing we noticed was how clean the store layout was.  Everything was nicely done and had a place for it.  The only weird spot was the bar seating.  The window to the kitchen is much higher, so you're actually facing a wall should you choose to sit at the 'bar'. The Husband ordered the Buta-san Ramen ($9.50) with Nitamago and Toroniku Don Mini Rice Bowl ($3.50).  He was initially going to do just the ramen but the waitress did an up sell and for only three dollars more, we got a little rice bowl.  The 'Heavenly Pork" had plenty of meat in it and the stewed pork rice bowl was very tasty.  He preferred the noodles at Shoku versus a few other ramen places we've been to in town, although he wasn't quite as impressed with the broth.I had the Miso Ramen ($8.50) with Nitamago and Ikura Don Mini Rice Bowl ($3.50).  It's not a bad deal with the add on rice bowl and egg for $3.50.  I found the broth to be quite creamy, although I did have miso in mine.  And it was more than enough food with my added ikura rice bowl.  I had a good amount of meat in my ramen as well.They do give you the soft-boiled egg on the side here, which I am on the fence about.  I don't particularly like it on the side because the egg is cold.  But then again, the creamy egg yolk doesn't leak into the soup right away.  I guess I could always put the egg into my soup to warm it up.We also really enjoyed the Benishoga that's available on the table.  It's made in-house and boy, is it tasty!! The Little Guy was loving it as was I! Service was good - they were super attentive about making sure our water pitcher was filled and everything was fine with our lunch.  We were pleased with service.Overall, another good ramen place in Vegas that is definitely welcomed.  We'll be back!02.10.13 Update!They offer frequent eater cards now!  Buy 10 ramens, get 1 free!  (Lobster ramen not included.)  We ordered the exact same thing this time around and this time they put the egg in the soup.  It did sit right on top, so it wasn't submerged in the soup yet.  The Husband's Buta-san Ramen had less broth in it this time around too and he had to ask for more.
4	Tried Shoku because it was a different lunch spot and a Bachi Burger spin off. Ordered the spicy miso ramen and loved it. I'm not usually a chasu fan but theirs was very good...tender, smokey and delicious with a very flavorful broth. It could be a little less salty as I drank about 5 gallons of water afterwards from all the sodium...but delicious.We returned a few days later after attempting to try Monta ramen. We couldn't handle the chaos or "hurry up & eat" atmosphere so we came back to the tranquility of Shoku. I think Shoku has better ramen than Monta anyways and a more enjoyable dining experience for adults. Maybe in college that hole in the wall eat and run type of place was good but not anymore. Shoku's location and food trumps any Chinatown ramen house.I would recommend they have explanations of the different ingredients on the menu for people not familiar with theitems...even I had to get a tutorial from the waitress on a couple things. Shoku also needs to work on their "substitution" policy as a member of our party doesn't eat pork so we asked to omit it & just add more black garlic, to which we were told there would still be an added charge. Pork is more expensive than a few flecks of even black garlic...just make a new regular customer happy :)
4	slurp slurp slurp. Wear a dirty shirt! I got spicy miso broth all over myself, but I don't care! This place was great! My wifee and I tried it for the first time a few days back and were very happy. Lucky for me, she's more about the broth then the noodles, because I got to eat all her noodles, too. The spicy miso was outstanding! I loved the heat and the chashu had a nice smokey undertone to it! Damn right I will be back! but I will remember to wear a dirty shirt. slurp slurp slurp!
1	The fried rice appetizer was really greasy and not anything special. The menu is really confusing to someone like us that never had this type of food before. "Chashu, Kikurage, Menma, Umeboshi, Mayu"? What are these ingredients? the menu should explain what these are, we did understand "green onion". Our server was a Spanish speaker and we could not understand what she was telling us, I am sorry, but it's the truth, she was nice, but we didn't understand her at all. We couldn't tell much difference between the pork and the chicken except for the fat on the pork. The Lobster Ramen was sold out even though we came in at 6pm. My tonkotsu broth was white and very bland. I started to put all kinds of condiments into the mix to see if I could work up the watery flavor but it ended up as a mess. My wife's broth was a salt bomb and made her feel bad afterwards. I now feel overly salty too. Simple things like the soy sauce was difficult to manage, there is a little red sticker with directions on it, but it was in Japanese so I just started to shake it and the soy sauce started to dribble out, they need to get traditional soy sauce dispensers. We really like sushi and Japanese food, but I guess this type of food is not for us. We left feeling greasy, salty and bland all at the same time. The table next to us had a bloody red center bone from the chicken wing appetizer. I am glad we didn't order that and feel sorry for the man that ate it. I love noodles, this type was not for us.
5	I love this place! My husband and I LOVE Sora Ramen on Spring Mountain, but because we don't like driving too far for dinner sometimes, we keep it simple and drive down the street to this place. YOU GOT TO TRY: LOBSTER RAMEN**if you like seafood like we do, this is a must have. We are obsessed with this. You have to add some of their fresh crushed Garlic in the mix and you are in business. MAKE IT A COMBO....since you'll have your seafood fix with the lobster ramen, add the Marinated Pork bowl and you'll have your meat fix. Everything is really yummy. I don't know what all other reviews are talking about...I just know i like food, and Shoku Ramen is definitely providing that service at the perfect time of the year!
3	I had the miso ramen made into a combination set with nitamago and a half order of gyoza.  Let's just say, I was slightly disappointed. The food was decent. Broth tasted ok. The ramen seemed like it was from a package you buy at the store, and not authentic ramen. Their cha siu was mostly meat and very little fat (which is unacceptable because the fat in cha siu adds to the flavor). There was this weird red fruit in my ramen as well. I believe it to be a pickled.... uh... I honestly have no clue. haha!  I didn't really like it too much, but it does little to the flavoring of the soup. Next, the 'half order' of gyoza. And they really do mean half. Three tiny pieces pan fried on a plate.  They tasted like they were frozen from a supermarket. The nitamago was the only good thing in my bowl of ramen. Nicely flavored and decently cooked.The waiter we had was not very knowledgable and could not answer simple questions.  We asked if we had a choice on the hardness of our noodles, and he did not know what we were talking about. To my knowledge, Shoku used to allow their customers to select the hardness of their noodles (one of the reasons I decided to check out this place) and the waiter had no clue what I was talking about. (We asked a different waiter later on, and he explained to us that a lot of customers were confused with the option so they ended up removing it completely).I'm sorry, Shoku, but there are better ramen places in town.
2	2 stars exactly what Yelp claims "Meh. I've experienced better."Lately, Las Vegas has been in to the Ramen Hype and there are a lot of new ramen restaurants opening up. I saw that Shoku has opened when I went to Bachi Burger. My parents and I decided to give Shoku a try the other day. Although Bachi and Shoku have the same owner, Shoku really needs some work. The soup was very oily, tasted nothing like what it is supposed to taste like. Trust me, I'm Japanese and I know how the real ramen broth is supposed to taste like. The noodles weren't cooked fully and it tasted powdery (which means it was undercooked). Usually my parents and I finish the food if it tastes okay, but Shoku's ramen was just bad that we could not finish them. On the other hand, the service was great. I forgot his name but he kindly explained to us the different kinds of ramen they had.
4	I only ordered pickup but they were friendly, quick, courteous and on point. The food was excellent. This is a definite must if you are into noodle soups, ramens, etc . . .  We normally always hit pho spots, this was an excellent change. Strongly recommend.
4	Very good. not sure about the bad reviews. I had wings and lobster miso ramen. Was very tasty. Wings were awesome. It may be a little over priced but  not by much. Will go again 4 sure.  Small location with limited seating but great spot to stop in for a quick good bite to eat.and o yeah, the service was good.
4	Recently made a visit to Shoku after seeing Tetsuro's update review and getting ROTD, I felt that it would be justice to give it another go.On the second visit there was DRASTIC improvement in everything, except service because that is as good as it gets. Had to try the Buta-san again and definitely there was a change in depth of the broth, a savory pork flavor with an almost smokey finish. The consistency of the broth is still  a bit thin but that is all personal preference! The noodles that were a bit of a downfall for me last time have been replaced by a thicker noodle that gives it the satisfying bite, mmm! Also tried the specialty XO Tan Tan Men, which had a prominent seafood taste with a very forward nutty sesame taste. The ground pork had a clean fresh ginger finish which worked really well for me to combat the savory broth. I'm not sure about its adherence to traditional Tan Tan Men, but it is definitely worth a try in your ramen rotation. My only complaint was there there was not enough bok choy and it being an expensive ramen @ $11. I can say confidently that it is a great addition to my ramen rotation, however also the  more expensive one than the rest.
3	So I have been to this restaurant about 3 times now and some things are hits and others misses.  I have never had to wait at all, and the service was always good, and the food came out fairly quickly.  I have come to the conclusion that I like their rice bowls very much the ikura don and the stewed pork to be specific, and their fried rice has gotten much better.  The first time it was way to salty, but the other two much better so I could actually taste all the flavors.  The big problem is that the chefs do not use any form of measuring, so you cannot count on consistency.  I have had two of their ramen dishes the lobster and the tonkotsu.  The lobster would have been great if again it were not so salty.  Everything else in the dish was done so well so I have hope.  The tonkotsu had a weird after taste.  I think it's black garlic oil or something ,whatever it was it was unpleasant and salty again.  They are a new restaurant so they are having growing pains I am sure, and I would go back again, just not for their main feature. I give them 3 1/2 stars overall, but if I were just grading their rice bowls they would get a 5:-)
4	Ramen review!!!  Came here because I was excited for noodles closer to Henderson.  Service was great.  My waitress was very attentive during the entire time.  I ordered the spicy miso ramen with a ikura rice bowl.  I can't really compare this ramen to the ramen shops in california.  It was pretty tasty and no complaints.
2	I'm super sad to say that the last few times I've been back to Shoku has been super hit or miss, and when I say super, I mean SUPER.  For example, I picked up to go the Buta-San ramen, which is what I usually get there, and it was really good.  I was very happy, even though it tasted very different from when I first visited the restaurant.  Then the other day I went back and decided to try the Tonkatsu, which shouldn't be all that different from the Buta-san since it's the same broth.  It just simply was not good.  The broth had no flavor whatsoever and there were 3 dismal little pieces of chashu that were also flavorless.  There was also what looked like this black oil that they had mixed into the broth that kind of stuck to the side of the bowl and tasted like what can only be described as "char".  The noodles also seemed different and undercooked.I was really excited for this place because it's so close to my house and though it was not my favorite ramen place, I still really enjoyed the food here.  Unfortunately, I don't think I will be stopping in here again.  I am willing to drive the extra distance to Spring Mountain to get a guaranteed good bowl of ramen.
4	I finally decided to give this new ramen spot a try this weekend. The restaurant is located right next to Bachi Burger and is owned by the same people. I noticed the manager from Bachi running the shift at Shoku the evening of my visit. Food: I had the Tonkotsu Ramen with extra corn and nori. The broth was delicious without being overly salty, or overly bland. It was the perfect balance. I should have opted for extra chasu. There were only one or two pieces in the broth, but were melt in your mouth delicious. So, if getting Tonkotsu Ramen either get extra chasu, or opt for Buta-San. That is what my friend had, and the broth was almost identical to mine except his had much more meat /"heavenly pork". The portions were  a bit larger than those at Monta's. Average price before any additions were between $8-10 a bowl.  We also had two orders of their gyoza which were pretty average. Service: Our waitress was very sweet with a great attitude and willingness to accommodate additional requests for condiments. She forgot to put in our additional order of gyoza and was very apologetic once I reminded her. Decor: The restaurant was not very large. I'd say about six tables and six seats at the bar. It was clean with simplistic modern decor. Tables featured condiments that consisted of sesame seeds, shoyu, chili oil and gyoza sauce. They accommodated my request for Sriracha because I wanted a little bit of extra spicy kick in my broth.Overall, I am expecting Shoku to stick around and hopefully continue to improve and innovate their menu.
5	I've been here twice and both a day apart from each other.First Trip I got the Shoyu (Soy Sauce) Ramen.  It's the most basic and simple menu you can get in Ramen and it really tells me how good each part of the Dish really can be.  Second trip had the Abura Soba (Soupless Ramen) Apparently new on the Specials menu. (Didn't see it on the first visit)  I haven't had Abura Soba a lot but again a simple ramen dish that uses simple ingredients so you really judge the chef's cooking technique with the ingredients.  (Everything here is locally grown)Soup:  Simply put it was AWESOME....  Flavors are well blended.  Probably a combination of Chicken Stock with Fish Stock.  Had a robust flavor with a little bitterness from the veggies in the stock. (the balance is exquisite)  I wish it came a little more hotter (Tempurature) but I'm used to the soup to be burn your tongue hot.  Noodles:  Cooked perfectly.  Uses the Standard Straight noodles used in Tonkotsu (Pork Broth) Noodles.  I'm used to the Shoyu Ramen to come with the standard wavy Egg Noodles but the straight noodles worked.  Note: The Abura Soba came with the Wavy Egg Noodles so it really captured all the dry ingredients.  Again cooked to perfection.Ingredients:  You can add your own favorite toppings but all Ramen comes standard with Green Onions, Menma (Bamboo Shoot) and Chashu (Roasted Pork).  The Chashu was just awesome and it came slightly charred so it really brought out extra flavor.Staff:  They are the best part of the entire experience.  They were very polite, attentive and most of all knowledgeable with everything on the menu.  They are very well trained and really made the experience a wonderful one.I will be back to see how much better this place can be.
5	WooHoo is right.  I should really stop giving so many 5 stars, but I have no complaints so what can i say.  Got the Buta-San Ramen and was in pork-love.  The cheek was unbelievable.   The stock was super rich, the noodles were cooked perfectly.  Awesome post hike meal.  Prices were totally reasonable and the service was superb.  This place is too close to my house to be safe so I know that I will be back.
3	Since I am a fan of Bachi Burger i was really excited to check out there ramen place.  1st...I thought the server was great!  She asked if it was our first time and went over the menu with us.  Since it was busy at the time i thought i was really great to take her time with us when normally they would just take your order and run.  She warned us that the ramen can be very salty and if that would be okay.  Since we both like our food on the saltier side we thought it would be fine.  we order the miso ramen and the spicy ramen.  I have to say presentation was excellent for the miso ramen.  best i've seen in vegas. Sorry, I did not take a picture, I'm sure there is one already posted.  Based on the presentation we were even more excited to taste it.  Initial taste was that the miso ramen was tasty and the spicy ramen had a really good flavor.  Now here's the bad news...after about 3-4 spoonfuls of broth it began to feel like i was slurping straight salt.  Remember i am heavy on the salt kinda person, but this was way too much.  I could not eat anymore.  I told the waitress she was right about the salt and she recommended hot water to add on the side.  Hot water???  I don't think i should have to adjust the ramen with hot water.  She told me that the broth had to be that way.  What!???  I don't know why it wold have to be that salty, but whatever. =)Because the spicy miso was tasty we might give it another try with..."hot water" on the side, but will see.  Also, the broth was not hot enough.  Luke warm.  i was told to ask next time if i wanted it hotter.    Overall, i might it another try since i have not seen a review on it being too salty...maybe it was a bad day. =)...second chance coming soon.
3	The place is good in a pinch.  The garlic Fried Rice was ok.  I don't think I would order it again.  The Tonkatsu Ramen was good, but nothing to write home about.  I'd prefer Monta or Fukumimi.  I think Shoku gets a lot of overfow from Bachi Burger.  I would go out of my way to come here, but I'd eat here again if I had to wait long for Bachi burger next door.
3	I wasn't a huge fan of this place, but I think it's due to personal preference; the food here is quality.  I seem to like Sapporo style ramen much more, and this is a Hakata style restaurant.  I'm not going to pretend I knew all that, but it's what I've managed to take from reading other reviews!The tonkotsu ramen seemed to be the thing to get at this style restaurant, so I did just that (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/shoku-ramen-ya-las-vegas?select=AJjAleK3jiM_Ul3J1OFYtA#hHXDCiSoCIocVTIh0C4vjA).  I also made it a combo by adding a half order of gyoza (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/shoku-ramen-ya-las-vegas?select=ly3aabFtMZw-QKAW0WzOgg#ly3aabFtMZw-QKAW0WzOgg).  The gyoza was good and tasted home made, I'll be ordering this again if I come back.  The tonkotsu broth was decent, but didn't tickle my ramen bone.  The noodles here are also the straight thin kind, and not the thicker chewy kind that I love.  The pork had a good char/grilled flavor that I enjoyed, so I can see myself getting additional pieces.I'm not in this area very often, but outside of Bachi Burger this would be my other choice to have lunch or dinner at.
1	We ordered a Miso base flavor ramen and a Shoyu base ramen. My Miso Ramen was not HOT in temperature and the base was very SWEET. The Shoyu ramen was not HOT, but not flavorful like SORA, SORA is ten times Better.
4	Tonight was an impromptu visit to a new place I haven't Yelped before.  What a treat!  I heard this place was located next to Bachi Burger and I also heard that they were owned by the same peeps.  Lastly, I heard the ramen was good.  All the reasons to try it out!Our servers tonight were Sholina and Britney. Very nice and attentive girls.  Super helpful and accomodating so the experience was great.  The place is a small place but super cozy.  Warehouse style ceiling offering exposed air ducts, wooden benches and butcher block type table tops with perfectly intimate track lighting.  For my impromptu meal, I got the Tonkotsu ramen for $8.00.  With tax and tip, it came to about $11 which was a good deal!   The noodles are skinnier than what I'm used to but totally my preferance.  It's served in a big bowl with Chashu or roasted pork, green onions, bamboo shoots, seaweed and a nori square, all in a pork bone, milky-type broth. The broth was hot and great for cold nights, however, I wasn't too crazy for the broth, unfortunately.  As I sipped it, I kind of thought the broth made by the top ramen pork flavor packet tasted better.  I definitely apologize for comparing the two.  I do appreciate the fact that the broth is completely homemade.  I guess it might be a little too complex for my palate.  Here's what I love:  The Chashu.  The pork slices had a great meat to fat ratio and were super flavorful.  I also LOVE when ramen is accompanied with the light flavor of green onions.  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the actual contents of the soup.All in all, I had a great experience.  The broth preferance aside, I feel like it's a great place to visit if you're in the Windmill/Bermuda area.  I might just be crazy for comparing homemade broth to a store bought $0.25 manufactured packet broth, so you definitely need to get down there and try it out for yourself.
5	Atmosphere is nice; service is awesome; cleanliness is excellent; ramen is very delicious!  Highly recommend XO Tanta men and black sesame ice cream. Definitely a place to go for really good ramen!!!
4	I like this place a lot... I'm a fan of bachi burger so when I heard about this place opening up next door (same owner) I was excited to try it. I always get the spicy miso, if you're not a fan of spicy don't even try it bc it's hot!! They have extra spicy for you crazy people too! The ambiance is nice.. It's nothing too special but it's small and cozy. I like the fact they leave water on your table... You never have to wait for a refill. Also, try the bacon fried rice... It's amazing! Everyone complains about the saltiness but I don't have an issue with it... Just ask for hot water on the side to dilute your soup if needed. The only thing that I don't like about this place is it seems like they're always out of things.... Especially the lobster miso... Still haven't had a chance to try it but I've tried to order it every time I've been. Hopefully they get their ordering right soon! Definitely check this place out!!! It's delicious.
4	Okay, because this place is so close to my house I couldn't resist giving it ONE MORE TRY!  My 4-year-old goddaughter LOVES noodles, so I decided we would give it a shot.  We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon and it was pretty slow.  We ordered the bacon fried rice and the buta-san tonkatsu with nitamago and extra noodles.  I wasn't expecting too much based on my past experiences, but I was REALLY pleasantly surprised.The bacon fried rice is BOMB!  I can eat this all day.  My goddaughter did not like it because she got a spicy bite.  I didn't believe her at first because I didn't taste ANY spiciness, but then I got a bite that WAS really spicy.  The spicy bites were super random and with the entire bowl, I got maybe 3-4 spicy bites.  Still, it was SO good!  So the ramen came.  I gave her a small bowl of noodles and just broth.  She ate it and said, "WOW, mine is SO good!"  So I eagerly dug into mine and to my surprise, it was freakin' delicious.  It definitely tasted different from any other times I've visited.  It tasted like real authentic ramen.  Everything about that bowl of ramen was amazing.  The broth was perfect, the noodles were perfect, the nitamago was perfect, the pork was perfect.  Talking about it right now is actually making me really want some and in fact, I think I shall stop in for dinner tonight. YUM!
2	My man & I have been craving ramen for a while so we decided to be "Adventurous" and give this somewhat new place a try. It actually only took 13 minutes to get here from Rhodes Ranch so that was plus! When we got there all the tables were taken so we sat at the empty bar. Pretty soon we were joined by other diners at the bar and I had to move my purse off the stool next to me which sucked because they don't have hooks or a little shelf to put purses on and my purse is huge. hmmm We both got tonkatsu-shoyu ramen which is not on the menu but they were able to accommodate so yay. We also got a half order of gyoza and karage chicken wings. -Karage Chicken Wings- 4 pieces, nicely seasoned but way too greasy. I think Fukumimi's version of serving it more as a popcorn chicken style works better. -Half Order of Gyoza- 3 pieces.. nothing memorable. -Tokatsu-Shoyu Ramen: First off, I think there was just way too little soup compared to everything else.. The broth itself tasted just like soup that you could get from a packet of .99c ramen. There was no deep, rich flavor that said oooh I've been cooking for 6+ hours instead it was just plain and boring. Maybe it was our fault for getting something not offered on the menu? The Chashu.. OMG what a disappointment... there was no melting in the mouth action what so ever. If anything it was more on the tough side and just not the business. The egg was perfectly soft boiled but more on the salty side. The only thing I liked about my ramen was the noodles. They were cooked aldente so they had a nice bite and they were of the thin variety that I like.   Service, although very friendly, was very spotty. For instance.. When we got our gyoza we were not given a soy sauce tray, when our ramen came out they only brought 1 spoon and we had to flag her down to ask for more water... Something else that was weird was there were no toilet seat covers in the women's restroom... HAHAHA yea i'm weirdo so I wanted to include this in the review. but isn't that like a health code violation? idk ... Right now Shoku is at the bottom of our ramen list. I really want to try the lobster miso ramen which is the main reason we came here in the first place but I don't know when they will have it again.. I feel bad giving them a low review but we just weren't impressed. HOT TIP:  Make sure to check out the specials' board.. We forgot to ..They had a couple interesting items like kimchi ramen & tan tan men.. Also don't forget to get a stamp card.
3	So I came here today for lunch with friends after they said they enjoyed the place previously.  Came in, were sat immediately, and then waited around 15 minutes to order, which was seriously annoying, especially as almost everyone who got seated after us were able to order first.  I had the spicy miso ramen, extra spicy, and they weren't kidding, it was spicy, but that's ok, I'm a bit of a chili head.  The waitress told us that some people thought it was too salty, so she recommended getting hot water on the side.  I didn't think it really needed it, but I used it anyway, and the full flavor was still there.  The noodles were cooked well, but I wish there had been more of them.  I finished them way before I was even halfway through the broth.  Overall, meal was fine, but I think there are better ramen restaurants around town.Food = 3 starsService = 2.5 starsAmbiance = 3 stars
3	I love all of the ramen spots that popping up across the Las Vegas Valley. This one is located right next to Bachi Burger, at the corner of Windmill and Bermuda. We noticed a lot of people milling around outside waiting to be seated... Lucky for my tummy, the line was for Bachi Burger. At around 5 pm on a Saturday, my party of two and a half was seated right away.The restaurant is small, much like other ramen spots in town. It's one long narrow room with a few tables and bar seating. They do have high chairs which was a huge plus for us.To my dismay, they were already out of the Lobster Miso Ramen, the main reason why I wanted to try this place. Our waitress suggested the Bacon Takana Garlic Fried Rice as an appetizer. It was so good that even baby liked it!I ordered Tonkatsu Ramen with a side of extra noodles and an egg. My husband ordered Buta-San Ramen with an egg. I'm not sure if my taste buds were overloaded with salt/garlic flavors from the fried rice, but I found myself gulping down my water after a few spoonfuls of my soup. I enjoyed my broth but it was a little on the salty side for my taste. Baby loved the side of noodles which he ate happily.I can't recall the prices of other ramen places in town but I felt like Shoku Ramen-Ya was a little pricier. Service was very good. We always had our water jug full.  I was so full and when the waitress asked if I wanted to a to-go box, I refused. She talked me into taking the ramen to-go, and advised me to heat up the noodles separately from the broth so they don't get too soft. When the hunger monster reared its head later that evening, I was very happy that I listened to the waitress. I enjoyed the ramen much more as leftovers for some reason!I would come back again but hopefully I'll get to try the Lobster Miso Ramen!
4	I have been here a couple more times since my first visit and I have to give them an upgrade. I steered away from the miso that I found a little too salty for my taste and instead chose the tonkatsu which has really great depth of flavor. I have really wanted to try the lobster ramen, but it has been out on both occasions I have asked for it.The ramen was very flavorful and definitely not as salty as I had experienced on my previous visit. I was so content with my lunch. I'm excited to make this a regular lunch spot. The service is extremely attentive and there is always someone to refill drinks, clear tables and even box up leftovers after our meal. Definitely a great new ramen spot on the East side of town.
4	What can I say, lunch, Bachi Burger, Dinner, Shoku Ramen-ya, and yes they are right next to each other, and yes, they are owned by the same person, but I had to try it and support my peeps from Hawaii! I'm not much of fan for Ramen, but I do have my favorite spots around and I know what entails a good bowl of Ramen.  What intrigued me about Shoku Ramen-Ya is not their broth, but the unique ingredients that came with my bowl.  The Ni-Tamago was something I don't think I have ever had in the US.  Most of the Ramen places serve a hard boiled egg, it is less time consuming and much easier to make.  However, at Shoku Ramen-ya, you know time and care was taken to make their egg!  It was a soft boiled egg, meaning the egg yolk was still a bit gooey and jelly-like, which I love and takes a slow controlled temperature to make sure the egg turns out like that.  A+!  Another thing that was unique about their Ramen is that the chashu is done how any other Ramen shop does it, with an exception, it was char-grilled and has that smokey grilled flavor to it!  That was something I never had with Ramen and I thought was smart and unique!  It adds a whole new flavor to that bowl!  That was very memorable! Another A+!  Most of the times, I grade a ramen based on the broth/soup base.  I find that to be the MOST important since it basically gives it its kick and stamina with each bite!  I didn't really get that at Shoku Ramen-ya.  Don't get me wrong, the broth was good and flavorful, but it just didn't quite meet my expectations of other broths I have tried at other places (LA and Hawaii).  Even with the broth not meeting my expectations, the unique ingredients itself did which far exceeded my expectations....now if we can all put ALL those into one bowl, I'd have the PERFECT bowl of ramen. =D  Another memorable dish I got was their bacon garlic fried rice!  Fried rice at a ramen place?  Hell yea!  Ramen shops, especially japanese owned, usually have the BEST fried rice dishes!  Usually they make it with the charshu porked that is used in the ramen (which Shoku-ya does) but also adds garlic and bacon to it which makes it even better!  I would definitely come back for more of that fried rice! I ended the dinner with a scoop of the black sesame ice cream.  Meh.  I wish it had more of the black sesame flavor and less milky.  I know I can be picky, but in Asia, I have had amazing black sesame ice cream, simply because every bite was a burst of sweet black sesame flavor!  I'd definitely come back to this place again, especially for their fried rice! =D  Maybe add a few other Hawaii local favorite side dishes on the menu?  (Ban Ban Ji) =D
2	I'm a huge Monta fan, and I recently heard about this establishment. Being on my side of town, and having heard generally good things about this place, I was super excited to try their food. The seating was good, I liked their glassware and dishes (if you are interested in that sort of thing). Their menu had a lot of different things from what I'm used to seeing at Monta, so I was happy to try something new. The boyfriend had the Kim chi pork bowl and my daughter had the bacon Takana fried rice. I ordered the buta-san broth and extra chashu and a poached egg.Their bacon rice was absolutely amazing, to be perfectly honest. I tried some of my daughter's food and therefore had high hopes for my own dish. Unfortunately, I was extremely disappointed in my choice. There was hardly any broth, and while I like a large portion of noodles and pork, the lack of broth was a deterrent. The mushrooms have to be an acquired taste to enjoy, because I have never disliked food as much as I disliked my meal.  I'm a mushroom lover, but the stench emanating from the dish was such a deterrent. It was like smelling and eating an old, dirty sock... One that hadn't been washed in months. I picked them out but the smell and taste lingered, making it so unpalatable I had to push it off on my boyfriend (who agreed that it was bad but took it home for himself anyway).I liked their atmosphere and the server was extremely friendly, but I don't think I'm going to be going back.Personally would have picked one star but the bacon fried rice was delicious, so it bumped up the score a bit. Not delicious enough to get me to return unfortunately, but I'm sure my friend would like the stamp cards I got from them. It's a shame, I loved everything else about the place.
3	First I'll say that my review is based on personal preference. The bacon garlic fried rice was good - just a little salty and a little greasy. The ramen noodles are different from other ramen. It's more of a thicker somen noodle, which I didn't care for. But the thing I liked least was that the broth (or something added in) was sweet. I had the Kim Chee ramen and the sweetness ruined it for me. I'm expecting spicy and savory, but definitely not sweet. The restaurant was pretty full on a Sunday night, so it might just be my preference. Service was also good. But I wouldn't come back.
4	This review is based on two visits and I have to say I was a little worried about how consisitent the food was going to be.  Amaze-balls!  Everything we ate both times was yummy!  All of the appetizers, the butasan ramen and the tonkatsu were so flavorful!  The wings had flavor down to the bone!  We used to go to Bachi Burger a bunch when we came into town and now that they're so busy all the time, it's nice to know we can sneak over into Shoku Ramen-ya.  Although, I'm sure the next time we're in town, it won't be so easy!
5	Super delish...friendly attentive waiters,cool relaxing music...start with an appetizer,garlic takana fried rice.had the spicy miso extra spicy soooo yummy.IM addicted :)
2	Ah, March Madness. A time for chicken wings, pizza, and...ramen? Yes. For some unexplainable reason, an outside universal force told me to go out and eat ramen. I knew Shoku Ramen-ya was right around the corner, so the adventure began!When I arrived, I sat down, and I was presented with a large container of water, and a shot glass. At first, I questioned whether or not they were serving me sake. It's a minor complaint, but I wasn't a fan of having to refill my water shot glass 27 times.THE RAMEN: When I order ramen at a new place for the first time, I like to keep it simple. I ordered Tonkotsu ramen. My ramen arrived 10-15 minutes later, kind of a long time considering the restaurant was only half full. The first thing I immediately noticed was that there was only one piece of pork. The pork was tender and delicious. However, half of that piece of pork was entirely fat and nearly inedible.Next, I dove straight into the noodles. The ramen was cooked perfectly. I then grabbed my spoon and proceeded to taste some of the broth on its own. The broth was very one-dimensional. It had some pork flavor, but it wasn't EXPLODING with pork flavor. This wasn't good because the noodles were lacking that pork flavor that they desperately needed. The ramen also felt as if it was lacking salt. You're probably laughing at the fact I just said that, "What? Ramen? Lacking Salt? You're crazy, Alex!" It goes back to what I said about the flavors being one-dimensional. I added an excessive amount of soy sauce to get that saltiness, and the ramen tasted 10x better.THE VERDICT: From the inferior amount of pork (which was also extremely fatty) to the bland broth, it just wasn't good. Stick with Monta. It tastes better, and it's cheaper.
4	Went here for Valentine's Day.  We ordered the gyozas (good), bacon fried rice (YUMMY, no need to say more, just order it) and tonkotsu ramen with nitamago (good). The noodles were done nicely, the broth had good flavor, the nitamago was perfect with a gooey center, however I'm not sure if I liked their pork?  It was sliced thicker than most of the ramen houses in Vegas and was way smokier.  Since the pork belly was thicker, it was harder to eat because the fat didn't melt off entirely.  They were running a special during V-day for couples and, included a free dessert to share.  I think it was green tea ice cream with red bean curds, and some type of granola (or crunchy stuff).  That dessert was OFF THE HOOK!  I recently was looking to see if they had a dessert like this at Bachi Burger (since I heard it is the same owners) but, saw nothing like it.  Their tap water is served up very nicely in cute plastic carafes.Perhaps this has changed but, Shoku could use one huge improvement... Upon arriving there was no sign in reasonable view to let you know exactly where this restaurant was.  We walked around like idiots trying to figure out where to enter...  Service was good and friendly.  Unlike most ramen houses, our waiter was totally fluent in English with no accent (he was Asian).  I also noticed he was very knowledgable, kind, and patient with other guest who ordered before us (as they were new to the world of ramen and Japanese fare).Prices are a tad high for a ramen joint, especially for add-ons to your soup but, that will not stop me; I can't wait to go back to Shoku.
4	We came to Shoku Ramen-ya at the suggestion of a friend who displaced to Las Vegas.  Shoku Ramen is next door to and has the same owners as Bachi Burger...I ordered the Lobster Ramen which has both pork and lobster.  While the ramen might stand on its own fine in Vegas, it doesn't rate against the better ramen shops back in Hawaii (Yotteko-ya, Gomaichi, etc...)In simple terms, the pork was not nearly as tender as I am used to, and I thought the broth was good but not great.  I would compare the broth to Lucky Belly's back home--nothing special...The next time I am craving ramen in Vegas, I will try another spot...Mahalo!
5	Shoku Ramen-ya has been open since November and has already come a long way. They are always improving their broths and chashu (which is now more thin and tender) and have some exciting new dishes on the chefs special board. I can proudly say that I have eaten here over 10 times. Everyone should start off with an appetizer of the Tori Karaage which is now boneless fried chicken that come with an amazing chili sesame aioli. As for Ramen my favorite has been the TanTan Men, a spicy seafood ramen with scallops and shrimp grounded up with beef and bok choy cabbage to add a good balance of vegetables in your ramen. Not until did the Abura Soba come out which is now my all time favorite. Its a brothless ramen that comes with egg noodles, mushrooms, veggies, chashu, and a poached egg. They also provide you with vinegar on the side to add into your bowl. Mix it all together really good and you have a party in your tummy. Now that the deadly summer weather is creeping up on vegas, the Abura Soba is perfect on a hot day. The setting is very relaxing unlike Monta where they rush you in and rush you out. Shoku has a cozy ambience and great attentive service. Finish off your meal with some mochi ice cream, either green tea or strawberry (I say both) and you got yourself a perfect meal to add to a perfect day. p.s. You also get a stamp card! After a purchase of 10 ramens you get the 11th for free. What a bonus!!
5	Let me preface this by saying I am in no way a ramen connoisseur by any stretch of the imagination. I don't know the difference in the size of the noodle or whatever else people gripe about. I don't care who owns the place or who's making my soup, shoot there could be Siamese cats back there whipping it up for all I care. All I know is this is by far my favorite place I have tried in town. I thought Monta was way overhyped and the broth was so salty, I did like Ramen Sora, but this place takes the cake! Or should I say noodle. I tried the XO Tantanmen and it was so good! I've been thinking about it ever since. Our waiter was really nice, our waters never fell below half empty. The gyoza was really good as well. I can't wait to go back.
5	Better than the popular ramen places in L.A. -- Daikokuya and Shinsengumi.  The chashu they put in the broth is amazing and they give you lots of it.  Love this place!!
2	I didn't particularly like the food here. Their spicy miso noodle was super salty and tasted nothing like miso (at least what I'm use to at other Japanese restaurants). I ordered Buta San and it was eh. There seems to be 2 types of pork used. 1 piece was the belly piece and the other was more filled with fat and that meat along w the taste of it made me very nauseous. I did try the sesame ice cream which actually tasted good. Definitely will not be coming back here.
4	This was  a last minute lunch option. We were initially shooting for Bachi Burger but the crowd was a little insane. So I go into Shoku and ask them if they could do a vegetarian broth and yes, they knew exactly what I was talking about. I'm going to go out on a limb here that miso soup...is not my favorite. So when the 2 veggie options were miso or spicy miso, I was rather underwhelmed. I went for spicy miso as it just sounded way more interesting. The bowl I received was exquisite. It was beautiful...deep red spicy broth, perfectly boiled ramen noodles and a mish mash of exotic vegetables. I added their buttered corn and boy was that a tasty little surprise! I am such a fan. Flavorful and hearty. My lunch was perfect.The restaurant itself is small but so charming...like right out of Japan. The wait staff are extremely friendly. Prices are OK (about $9 for a bowl). Food is excellent. I will definitely be back for some of that Spicy Miso Ramen (with buttered corn please).
5	Shoku ramen is so good! On my first visit there the waitress explained exactly how to make the spicy ramen vegan, and I felt totally taken care of. The ramen itself was very flavorful, and I'll definitely be back.
5	Had their tonkotsu ramen and small bowl of natto rice. Delicious! The broth was smooth and not salty at all. If I wasn't so full I would have finished it off! The chashu was tasty and tender, and the soft boiled egg was perfect!I would return again! The waitress was great! They leave a pitcher of water so you don't have to ask for refills.
4	So I dunno if you've ever been in a situation where you're really hungry and you're thinkin, 'Do I want a Burger, or do I feel like a hot bowl of Noodles?'  So typical..... I've been there on numerous occasions and let me tell you, I could ponder that fork in the road for hours...if only there was a place that served both..... Tadaaaa!Well, it's not exactly one place, more like two places adjacent to each other by chef/owner Lorin Watada; whose fusion burger fame, 'Bachi Burger' has propelled her into Ramen game - the current 'it' food in Vegas.  Not that there can be enough Japanese fare in my opinion!Jaku Niku, Kyo Shoku (The Weak are Meat, The Strong Eat) Shoku Ramen-ya I have to say, there's like, a Ramen explosion going on in Vegas, it's getting a little over saturated  with all the Ramen joints popping up...not that I'm complaining.  Some of the places here taste better than the one's in Japan!  (no kidding) Well being right next door to Bachi, it's a culinary Sophie's Choice, what am I willing to let go; could I possible eat a Burger with Fries right after a bowl of Ramen and Gyoza?  If only they could deliver next door, that would be the best of both worlds right in one sitting. I mean, how many calories could that be...4,000?  What's that, 7 hours on the Starimaster? No prob!Shoku Ramenya is relatively small, just under thirty seats, but feels pretty open and spacious for a noodle shop.  I'm particularly enamored with the set of condiments at the table as well as the jug of water that they provide for you as you're seated, refilled often throughout the meal.  And the iced Green tea is also refill friendly, all little plusses that add up in the end. Pork GyozaAlways start off with a plate of Gyoza, it's like a cultural tradition of Ramen Shops to provide these half dozen, moon shaped crispy delights stuck together like little piglets.  It's always a little game to try and pick them off without ripping the skin, retaining the piping hot filling within its crackling confines.  As for the pork, I enjoyed the strong hit of Garlic, but it felt to me as if the meat slightly overcooked; it had a harder texture without that juicy component that one would expect when you bite into Gyoza.Lobster Miso RamenSomewhat of of an offbeat item, the Lobster Miso Ramen has Butter Sake poached Lobster pieces along with the usual Ramen suspects: Chasu Pork Slices, Buttered Corn, Kikurage (Wood Ear Mushrooms), Menma (Mabmboo Shoots), Nori (Seaweed) and Kaiware (Daikon Sprouts).  The broth is made from the gooey, brown, Crustacean brain sludge (hence, Lobster Miso) that delivers a predominantly briny, sea/ocean soup that if that's your thing, it will drive you insanely happy!I was bouncing off the walls, it tasted so good! And you get the best of both, there's three Chasu pieces resting on top, although they looked more like thick-cut Pork Belly slices to me. Minor details...  Usually the portions are overgenerous, where I'm hurting to finish the bowl, not the case here, in fact I was left wanting a little more Ramen noodles to go with all the toppings.As for dessert, I was tempted by something cold after all that hot broth, And Ice Cream seemed like a good idea. I'm terrible fond of Black Sesame, as it seems to be a reoccurring ingredient in many Japanese desserts.  Assured of it's moderate portion, what came out was a pint of Ice Cream, which could only be considered one scoop if its contents came out of a ten gallon vat from a factory...  I should have know better, but I'm slightly disappointed every time I order a Japanese dessert, it's relatively mild with lukewarm sweetness.. underwhelming.But a palate cleanser was definitely needed after all the oils in the broth and this kinda worked..So, now it come down to the Battle: who won?For Appetizers:  I don't know, they both so different!!For Main:          I can't choose - they're both sooo good!!!For Dessert:      Bleah.....There really is no battle, if you feel like having Burgers, ie. red meat, got to Bachi.  If you cold and need to warm up with a great bowl of Ramen with some great Broth, get yourself on over to Shoku Ramen Ya.  I love both of these places and it's always hard to decide each time I'm in front of these two doors!Shoku Ramen YaRatings (Out of Five Stars)                                   Ambience:  4Service:      4.5
4	i found out about this ramen joint through an article emailed to me by Eater Vegas.  Did some search online right away and found very good reviews.  The joint is much closer to me than Monta, is owned by the same group of talents behind Bachi Burger, and haven't been back to Monta since they were shut down by the Southern Nevada Health Department for incurring 47 demerits.  They were reinspected and have   reopened since, however.This ramen joint is pretty much not very visible and is tucked almost at the back and the very end of the same building where Bachi Burger is at.  Considering the strip mall's big parking lot, parking that day was a bit hard because it was lunch time, duh!.  There was a line outside, and more people waiting inside.  It's a relatively small, typical of ramen joints, with 7 (i think, that what I counted) tables and the counter bar but way bigger and feels more welcoming than Monta's.  The kitchen is not as visible as Monta's.  There's a 5 feet tall wall that separates the bar and the kitchen.  I was able to sit right away since I chose the bar and didn't have to sign up and wait.  I realized that aside from the people waiting to be seated, there were also people coming in to pick up phone orders.  This place was busy!There were a couple of wait staff, both very friendly Latinos, and since there's a wall obstructing the kitchen view, i wasn't sure if the cooks were too.  The clientele that day was a mixed crowd, mostly I assumed, workers from around the area on their lunch breaks.  The joint's ambience is very cozy and relaxed, very clean and bright, minimally but tastefully decorated.  Much better than Monta's for sure.  As i sat down, I was given a bottle of carbon-filtered chilled water and a shot glass.  I ordered the chasu rice bowl, and for a change, I ordered their Butasan Ramen instead of Tonkatsu Ramen.  The breakdown:  Chasu was grilled alright, but found them to be more fat and there was hardly meat in them.  Again, I will never order rice bowls, ever, when I go to ramen joints.  Lesson learned.Tonkatsu Ramen is my peg when critiquing a ramen joint.  I should've ordered tonkatsu but I ordered Butasan aka as Heavenly Pork Chasu which has two kinds of pork preparations in it, a slice of braised pork cheek (fat), and a slice of stewed pork belly (fat), ni tamago (boiled egg) and the usual sliced scallions, bamboo shoots, mushroom and with nori strips.  I could only assume the broth for both tonkatsu and butasan are the same.  It tasted porky alright but a bit one dimensional.  I didn't taste the usual layering of flavors and that umami kick.  The noodles are the same thickness as Monta's but a bit bland.  I wish they were a bit thicker.  And the pork?  they're mostly, if not all fat.   The friendly wait staff asked me if I wanted some condiments and I said no because I didn't know what they were, or if I would get charged extra for them.  I should've said yes, in retrospect.  The verdict:  Well, the place is new, relatively new, fairly new, so there will be a lot of growing pains and improvements to be had.  The food are competitively priced, and very passable, not the very best , but certainly edible.  I will surely go back and try their other ramen concoctions, specifically the lobster miso. Note:  I found out that they have frequent visit card (10 visits, get 1 free) but it wasn't offered to me :(.
3	Came back here cause my coworker wanted noodles so this time I decided to try other dishes. I had their bacon fried rice and gyoza which was pretty good. I wouldn't mind coming back for that.
4	Pretty good place for ramen in Vegas.  Better than monta in my opinion.
3	Shoku Ramen-ya is the 5th or 6th ramen place I"ve been to in Las Vegas so this is an overall comparison.Came in on Sunday for lunch and was able to get seated right away. Heres the run down on what me and my party got:- Garlic butter bacon fried rice. Yum-O! The description on the menu couldn't get any better. Right when the dish came out, I could smell the oily garlicky bacon goodness. Yes it might have clogged up an artery or two but to me, it was well worth it. However, after we left the restaurant, my party couldn't stop ahem ahem-ing from all the oil apparently. Obviously, it was my fault for ordering it but I didn't expect all the mucus/phlegm to be coming up from my throat. Aside from the ahem-aheming, I thought the dish was quite tasty.- Tonkotsu ramen. First off, I really dislike the noodles here. I like thick chewy noodles and these were more on the thin side which some people love, but just aren't for me. The broth itself however was on a a good salty level but like others have said, lacked depth and richness of the pork bone flavor. The chasu was alright. Wasn't a melt in your mouth kind of feeling. -Buta-san ramen. Broth was even less impressive than the tonkotsu ramen. The egg however was done to perfection. Overall, I would've given this place 4 stars except I left ahem-aheming trying to get the mucus out of my throat. With all the ramen places up popping up, I think there are other better options.
4	This place is WAAAY better than Monta.  I like the decor and seating is nicely done.  The music played here is always enjoyable (Hawaiian/Reggae)Came here looking for a good ramen place.  The servers have great knowledge of their menu and are quick with service every time.  The Gyoza is delicious.  The Buta-Sen Ramen and Kimchii Special are both delicious!  Only complaint I have is that the Chasu could've been a thicker cut.  The noodles here are perfectly cooked, the both times I've been here.  The broth here is not too salty and always came out with very hot bowls and soups.
5	I lived in japan for three years and this is like going home, but to a more modern ramen joint. Authentic table set ups with the proper condiments..David the server is super knowledgeable and awesome..I love it here. Plus its owned by the same guy that owns Bach burger and  is open super late.
3	I'm being generous with this review, because I don't really know ramen houses all that well yet, and... well... some major hotness wound up sitting next to Elite Emily and I was totally distracted for the rest of the meal.It also had to do with the fact that my first foray into ramen houses, Fukumimi, was REALLY good and spoiled me. But I thought I was getting a daily special with shrimp and scallops, and I saw maybe one shrimp in there? Maybe I don't understand ramen, is that how it's done? Anyway... I think I'll reserve true judgment for when I go back and try it again, but for now it's okay. A little hard to find though.
5	Upon the recommendation of a friend I bookmarked this and it quickly became a MUST do when a certain person I know wrote a review.On an early day off I decided to make the drive over and give it a shot.  I walked into a nice greeting and was seated at a small table to look at the menu even though I knew what I was going to order.  I  contemplated the lobster ramen but needed to stay with what I know to give it a full and complete review.A short back story, I have traveled to Japan and fell in love with Ramen I craved it upon my return to the US to the point of driving to LA to have it.  Yes, there was a Pre Ramen day here in Vegas not so long ago.  I do not consider myself a professional I am however a lover and a budding connoisseur of ramen.I had to order the ramen I fell in love with in Japan, Tonkotsu Ramen (pork bone broth).  Tonkotsu is a think broth from boiling bones at a high heat for many hours the soup has a consistency of almost a gravy.  Ramen is an art of sorts if you appreciate ramen almost as much as fine art when it is done properly and consistently in its many different forms.  Only certain chefs really do it right only a few succeed at it correctly.This was done right it had an amazing thick rich and flavorful broth a nice firm but not too firm noodle you can choose all your favorite toppings to add as well (mine are nori (seaweed), corn and egg)  The egg here is different from what I have had here in the US this is more reminiscent of what I had in Japan.  It is kind of like a soft boiled egg but the yolk remains just slightly soft on the edge of turning firm.  OMG LOVE this once you swirl it around in your soup a bit it warms and oh pure yumminess ensues!  For the softer egg fans only if it freaks you out get a firm one but I suggest trying it at least once.  BTW the Charsu here is different as well, still soft and fatty bursting with flavor but I felt like it may have been cooked differently it had almost a grilled flavor not what I have experienced before but I loved it.  I need to do more research...The service was nice they served a medium size pitcher of ice water and check on you but leave you alone for the most part but ready to jump when you are ready.  When I asked for my bill I sadly expressed my left overs going to waste it was just too good for me to want to leave behind.  She brought out 2 containers and slowly started to scoop out my broth into one container then added my noodles and what not to the other.  Handed it to me and said "there now the noodles won't dissolve and you can eat the rest."  DUH seriously why didn't I think of that!  BTW my lunch the next day was almost as amazing as the prior day! ;)
3	Very spacious and comfortable ramen ya.  Prices are decent (oh well, it is vegas), so everything is a bit higher than Los Angeles.  Anyhow, just not a fan of the super thin noodles (a bit like angel hair pasta), which just don't work for ramen.  I am also not a fan of super thick or chewy ramen either.The broth is very good, and the waitress are very nice and cute.
3	Still like Monta better!!!
4	This is one of the very few spots in Las Vegas/Henderson where you can get some good ramen. The Spicy Miso Ramen is my favorite. The broth is slightly "creamy" and is seasoned well. The Bacon Takana Fried Rice is a great appetizer, but I just wish there was more of it!I don't recommend ordering the Shoyu Ramen as it is quite bland and the broth is very watery.
5	Please don't stone me to death because I prefer this place to Monta.   No wait time, kick ass bowls of ramen & amazingly flavorful fried rice(s.)  If you enjoy waiting in lines, Bachi Burger is next door & totally rocks burgers.  Bachi & Shoku is owned by the same lady.  On my last visit, we ordered a spicy ramen & kimchi fried rice.  5 stars even though the waiter brought out a kimchi ramen instead of the kimchi fried rice.  It was swiftly corrected.  Great food, nice staff & it's so nice to not have to venture out to Spring Mountain for a good bowl of ramen.
3	I had to try this ramen house, just because I refused to drive to China Town, to my favorite spot: Monta. :)Well, my gyozas were slightly burnt, the tonkatsu ramen with ni tamagoramen I had ordered was delicious and I would give it another try because I did enjoy the taste of its" rich  broth."  I need to return to try out their miso and really review to really speak about their food. Bachi Burger next door, will remain my favorite burger in town, though. There is no one in Vegas that can make such a quality, and tasty burger as Bachi. :~) - wait a minute, I forgot I was supposed to be writing about the ramen. Hey, the burgers have left such an impression in me that I can lose focus!
5	Amazing flavor!! Excellent staff and very neat and clean. The food actually taste like a real Japanese noodle shop! And reminds me of how it was like in Japan!
5	WHAT THE HELL ARE WE TALKING ABOUT Reviewing ramen is somewhat similar to comparing pizza.  Some like it chewy. Some like it thin. Some like it thicker. Some like it salty. Some like it spicy. Some like it plain. Some like it with the works. Some like strictly based on pricing.  I think you get the idea. This is what we ordered as our introduction to Shoku Ramen-ya:Buta-San Ramen  $ 10.50Half Order Gyoza with Nitamago (egg) $ 3.50 Lobster Miso Ramen $ 16.00Mini Rice Bowl with Pork and Nitamago (egg) $ 3.50As for me and my Yu-go chauffeur, we liked everything that came to came to our table and into our tummy.  I know it's right next door to my most favorite burger house.
4	Their ramen is real good and they offer other dishes other than ramen, like natto rice bowl which I like, also the staff is friendly. This place and Fukumimi are the best to go to in town for ramen.
1	I ordered the kimchee fried rice and the kaarage. The kaarage was nothing like Japanese karaage it was oily and had a sweet taste. I expected the kim chee fried rice to taste like fried rice but with kim chee tossed in it. It came out as rice drenched in kim chee juice and the kim chee in it was  soggy. The rice used in it was short n heavy like calrose rice. I had about 4 spoon fulls of it and I couldn't stomach anymore.  The service was great and the place was clean.
5	Like this delightfully understated restaurant, I'll keep this review short, unblemished, simple, and eloquent (I hope).Two words: heavenly porked. Another two words: spicy miso. And finally, two more words: milk tea. Put these things together and you have something that is truly unique, well balanced and delectable.The menu is simple: five or six different types of soup, fried rice, rice bowls, chicken wings, and gyoza. Less is definitely more at Shoku. Let's talk about pork for a second. Not only is the broth richly infused with beautiful porky goodness, but the meat itself is so expertly prepared and full of flavor. If you've never tried pork belly or cheek before, this is a great way to start. Unbelievably tender and flavorful.The chefs here are obviously dedicated and committed to their craft and Shoku is definitely a refreshing (and cheap) change of pace to the usual mundane casual eateries out there.
5	Our favorite ramen place in Vegas thus far! Miso ramen and Tonkatsu ramen are both delicious. The chashu has very little fat, which just the way I like my pork. Also the broth is just right - not too salty and not too bland. Gyoza is great as well. Shoku has friendly and fast service, and awesome pricing/serving sizes. The location is also a plus; it's the perfect location for those who don't want to drive all the way to Chinatown. Shoku is definitely worth a try if you're in the area!
4	Family was craving Ramen and came across this place from whadaya know-Yelp of course. My husband and I Ordered the Spicy Tan Tan Meh. And the little $3 bowl of rice with BBQ pork for the kids. I also ordered a side of Kim Chee. Our server was great and explained everything well and he just seemed to actually enjoy his job. Our food came out nice and quickly. Soup was so flavorful and delicious. I will say that it could use less salt. It was definitely on the salty side. Kim Chee was perfect. Kids enjoyed there bowls of rice and BBQ pork. Also shared a black sesame ice cream. Perfect way to end our meal. Will be back here again to try more ramen. Definitely recommend this place for people craving good bowl of ramen.
5	Not sure I need to say much more than BACON FRIED RICE! Yup, Bacon fried rice, oh and it's topped with a fried egg.  I had been begging my guy to give this sister restaurant to Bachi Burger a try for months, and let me tell you I was so pissed when he went without me for the first time! But, since he had already gone, he made sure to guide me in the right direction. I really never knew ramen could be made to creatively and with so much flavor! I have only been here 2 times now, and both times I have tried something vastly different. The service is excellent! They always take the time to explain the menu, which does take some explaining if you have never tried anything like this. Have an open mind, be adventures and pig out!
5	Excellent service! Delicious ramen! What more could you ask for? The kimchi fried rice was also a hit.
5	I was immediately greeted by the manager who had the biggest smile on her face! It definitely started my "slurp" fest the right way! Big chunks of delicious and meaty LOBSTER! Accompanied by 2 proportionately correct pieces of pork (melting in mouth), Tomago with  perfect texture but should have been marinated longer, bamboo shoots, corn....ask for anything to spice it up a notch it up if you are looking for heat. It is a savory and smooth broth. I haven't even started about the Ramen. For those of you who do not know..........Fresh made in house Ramen is Extremely! time consuming and strenuous.I just wish they offered other avenues into the Noodle world...ie, Udon, Soba, Buckwheat etc. etc. etc. Even a cold noodle dish on a hot day would influence more patrons to participate!I can't wait for future creations! Thank you for a humble and soothing experience
3	Not bad...but not the best. And for the price, there are some in the chinatown area that are slightly better. Not that this place is bad by any means. We were very excited to have a legitimate ramen spot in the area. The bacon fried rice is amazing. The only gripe i had about this place was the pork cuts are a little thick, which may just be their style. It does give it more flavor, it just wasn't something i look for in my ramen. Overall very good!
4	This place was super good!! I'm in love with the bacon garlic fried rice and the kaarage chicken wings with the spicy sesame dip!! Fried rice was probably the best i ever had any where! its so tasty, garlicky, meaty, a nice kick to it, salty and the yolk of the fried egg balances with the saltiness. the kaarage was crispy and flavorful on its own and with the spicy sesame omg.. sooooo amazing!!! I ordered the tonkotsu with buttered corn and the nitamago. The broth was really good, the butter adds a little richness and the corn was sweet just how I like it! The nitamago was good but I think I like monta ramen's better. It had a really deep soy flavor at the very end. Tastes like they used kikkoman soy in their marinade? I'm guessing? But I love egg was done, slightly cooked yolk and it was still runny in the very middle.  My husband ordered the buta-san. he really like it because of all the extra pork and the pork jowl (i wished i took a bite of it!!) Our sever was really nice and was very attentive. He had a good knowledge of the menu because I kept asking him questions.. Even though I already knew some of the answers. I'm just so picky sometimes. I felt bad because he kept going back and forth for us. We would be a lot easier without our kids. Sorry servers! But I know how it is too. It's a little pricey for the add-ons but hey if you're gonna eat good, you gotta pay good money. We'll definitely be back.. Its just too bad it's on the other side of town for me.
5	I love this place! I make sure to come in every time I travel to Vegas for work. I have only gotten the spicy miso soup, but it is so good. The broth is amazing. So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat. I can't get enough of it. The Gyoza dumplings are really-really good too. I can't say I have tried much of the menu, but I am imagine if anything is  1/2 as good as the spicy miso - it has got to be delicious too.Plus, it is reasonably priced & super affordable for lunch. A huge bowl of soup (which I can't finish) is only around $9. Definitely recommend this place.
4	We love ramen and we readily try any new ramen place in town. There was a lot of expectation with Shoku Ramen being the sister store of ever popular (best burger in Las Vegas) Bachi Burger. I was quite impressed after our first visit here and promised myself I would come back. Tonight we had the Bacon Fried Rice for starters, it was unique and tasty. They have two varieties of Spicy Miso, regular and spicy. The regular already had the right amount of heat, any more and it would be bordering on painful and hard to enjoy. We also got the Buta-San which was also good. We enjoy our ramen served with a soft boiled egg extra. The flavors are right on but our only wish is for the pork slices to be cut more thinly. We love the melt-in-your mouth texture of thin and soft chasu like in Fukumimi Ramen or Monta. For dessert, the Black Sesame Ice Cream is always worth getting. Service is good, wait staff is very attentive. Overall, we were very happy with the experience and would be back... unless I'm drawn the great burgers next door.
4	Pretty good ramen.  It honestly wasn't quite as good as I remembered from the last time - they've changed the menu a lot...but the pork belly still melts in your mouth!
3	I'll keep my review simple: party of 5. 8-17-2013 1:30pmfood- ordered the spicy miso ramen- excellent (they said they didnt have the lobster miso ramen because of vendor issues)service- excellent- always had a full glass and server checked on us frequently.. Explaining the menu, he talked a bit too fast  like he was in a hurry but still did a good job.Price-slightly higher than other ramen restaurants I've tried. 8.50 for a regular bowl of shoyu ramen. And any extras was an add on. Bacon fried rice was good but for 7 bucks on a small plate, not really worth it.one thing that kinda irked me..we had some leftover ramen..they didn't have large togo container lids for their large containers...so we had 6 little containers to put our ramen in.I'd come back, if I didn't feel like driving To chinatown.It's close to home (henderson). The ramen bowls were good.
1	NO MORE lobster ramen! Soup base extreme SALTY! Fry Rice extreme SALTY! Server DONT speak Japanese haha ! If you want high blood pressure plz try fried rice n drink all the soup of ur ramen!! their extreme salty taste must get u to ER.
5	This place was outstanding! Service was attentive and our server took the time to educate us about everything. I can't emphasize enough how great the service was. The food was top notch and the dessert made this an outstanding lunch. I recommended it to anyone.
2	Worst ramen I've ever had. Noodles were awful, broth was bland and boring in one dish and too spicy in another dish. Waitress also couldn't communicate the menu properly and didn't say that the ramen I ordered would have shaved chilies in it. Only reason I gave it stars is because the restaurant had a nice ambiance and the other waitress seemed attentive to her customers. Also it took forever to get the check. Never going back. Should have eaten at the burger place next door like we had originally planned before seeing this crappy ramen place.
2	I ate here when they first opened and the food was awesome. I returned for lunch 2 days ago and left confused. What happened to this place? The service was horrible. We were visited by our waitress twice. Once to take our order and a second time to drop of the check. The pork kimchee fried rice was great. The kimchee however tasted like someone combined Hunt's ketchup with chili oil. I eat alot of kimchee...and this was the worst kimchee I've ever had. The menu changed since my initial visit. I ordered the "heavenly porked" ramen but there was nothing heavenly about it. The noodles were undercooked and the broth was bland. The pork itself also lacked flavor. I was going to give this place 1 star, but because I was given clean glassware and plates, I gave them two.
4	They need to open one in Summerlin right next to the Bachi Burger there. The tonkatsu broth is sublime. Too bad it's too far from my house, hence why  they need to open one in Summerlin.  The broth, chasiu, and noodles are so much better compared to Monta and Ramen Sora. Service is better, too. One thing though: the tan tan men broth iis a tad bit salty for my liking.
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Components of Kamo Ramen were good individually but not sure they went together. Tropical music was nice but didn't work with the theme.LIKE  The pleasant server. The duck in the Kamo Ramen. The bacon takana fried rice (which could have used more crispy bacon pieces). The water container. The ramen loyalty coupon card.LOVE  How they utilized the small space.
4	Tried this place 3 times so far. Great fried rice and fried chicken - I wish I would like their ramen noodles too, but it's a little too oily for my taste and I cannot tell the differences. I know Chef is still experimenting, and I respect his craft. Eventually he will get it right :)
4	I've been here a handful times now and have had some decent ramen. Went there tonight and it was pretty slow. Service was good like always. The main server that's usually there is attentive and always seems happy enough. I got my favorite the Buta San, as pork is the best meat. My partner had the vegetarian miso, since she's a vegetarian and all. They've changed their menu recently and have added a few things like vegetarian gyoza and more ingredients to add to ramen.
4	Ordered the kamo ramen and when it came out it looked deliciousThen i began to eat.  The broth was rather plain and a little bland compared to my friend's prok ramen.  He ordered the Buta-san and that was actually a better choice.  We also had the fried rice which was pretty good.  Just the right amount of spices and pork.If I didn't try the fried rice and my friend's pork ramen, I would have just rated this place a 3 star.Btw, the decor was nice and the place seems very neat and clean.
5	First time here, great food and great service.
5	Kicked off this cold weather with a bowl of tonkotsu ramen. Had some monta for lunch and got their kuro tonkotsu there but i'll save that for another review. I expected more flavor from the pork but broth and ramen itself had exceptional flavor I couldn't tell what it was but every slurp of ramen and sip of broth bursted with flavor. The broth coated the noodles fairly well which is what I look for in in a bowl of ramen the side order of corn, nori and egg complemented the ramen like a supporting cast on Broadway. I don't know if it was the soup or the ramen or maybe a combo of both but it almost had a smokey flavor to it. The egg to my surprise was boiled to perfection and tasted like none other I've had before it had a distinctive flavor which I could not make out but it was so good I saved it for for my last bite before I downed the remaining ramen and soup. Although our service was great I was hoping our server had more detailed knowledge as far as what was in the broth and the process it went through and what ingredients was used to make it.  All in all my experience here was awesome, And If you're looking for good service and something to warm you up this season skip china town and make a drive to shoku ramen-ya you won't be disappointed.
3	I am a real food guy.  A good meal makes me very happy.  I am very familiar with and love Japanese ramen.  I had read about this restaurant and had lunch here today, but when I left,  I only had a small smile on my face.  I had the Tonkotsu ramen, a good basic ramen.The noodles were very small, and all stuck together.  How does that happen?  I like thick and chewy noodles, so I was disappointed.Next, the broth.  It was thin and not very flavorful or rich.  Had no depth, a single note of flavor.  The pork bacon pieces were smoky and flavorful, but only two small pieces?The motif is Tokyo ramen shop, with a long counter with stools, facing the kitchen, but not within view of the chefs.  A few tables are against the opposite wall.  It is quite attractive, really.I hope they stay around long enough to find their way.
4	Have been curious to try this place for some time now. It is run by the same people that own Bachi Burger which is connected right next door. I like Bachi Burger because of the quality and complexity of ingredients they use, so i couldn't wait to try Shoku.I got the Tonkotsu style which is a milky rich broth accented with pork flavors that boil and marinate for 20 hours. Very rich and delicious. Really liked the noodles, thin like spaghetti and not thick like some places. The pork was tender and flavorful. They had a host of options that you can add for an extra cost. Such things as green onion, buttered corn, hen egg, extra pork.  The result is one great bowl of ramen. Along with that my wife and i got a side of bacon fried rice. Talk about immediate addiction. The rice had sort of a crust like they fried it up in the flat top grill. Yummy!! Had little pieces of onion and pork mixed in with it. We thought we would eat about half and take the rest home. Well before we knew it after pecking away at it like a couple of roosters the whole bowl was empty. They also had a nice special going on $6 for a large Sake.The restaurant is fairly small and filled up quickly for lunch. But the service was great and the food quality is excellent. Great lunch if you're craving some good ramen.
5	I was craving some ramen and this was close by.  I've seen this a few times when I passed by and decided to give it a try on a Saturday afternoon.  I walked in and it was a pretty small place.  Nice atmosphere.  I saw the menu and I couldn't decide what I wanted.  Everything looked good!  I decided on the spicy miso ramen.  Great portions.  I was surprised I heard Tagalog being spoken in the kitchen as they were preparing our food.  But, they they did good.  Ramen had the right ratio of spicy and saltiness and the standard toppings were within good ratio to the noodles.  As an appetizer, I ordered some takoyaki stuffed squid...DELISH! As a take home, I ordered the fried rice that some people here have tried.  I was surprised it was smaller than what you'd usually expect from say the average fried rice ala carte order at any local Chinese restaurant or at Ohana Hawaiian Barbeque.  It was full of flavor, though,  Okay, I think I'm going to go again today.  Those ramen hunger pangs are hitting me again.
5	Accidentally came across this place and just love it. Mei, the lady who helped us was the sweetest lady. One of the best services we ever had. Love, love, love the fried rice.  Definitely coming back when we visit LV.
3	The amount of times I'm getting forced into ramen situations is starting to get ridiculous. I am easily out numbered all the time when the question is "where do you guys wanna eat??" I went into this area because I really wanted to try bachi burger, but it was really busy and everyone was really hungry. Shoku Ramen and Bachi Burger have the same owner if anyone was wondering, but when we walked into Shoku it was a bit more mellow. The poor family they had to move to put our tables together. :( I appreciate that they were really trying to cater to such a big group. We ordered plenty o rounds of sapporo and appetizers. I HAD to order some takoyaki cause it usually my favorite thing at ramen restaurants. Pretty standard, not the best takoyaki I've had, but it wasn't bad.  For my entree I ordered the spicy miso ramen- EXTRA SPICY. Definitely had an extra kick! The broth was creamy and packed some flavor. My favorite part of the ramen was the bacon(?) or was it pork belly? It was tender and it was sitting in the broth for a while so my spicy miso flavor was coating my bacon.The servers offered great service and made sure everyone at our table was being taken care. For being a self diagnosed non ramen lover I sure do have a lot of ramen reviews. I'm still hopeful.
4	Awesome awesome!!! The bacon fried rice is to die for!!!!! Just get it without the fish sauce.. there is no reason for fish sauce in fried rice. I had the Tonkotsu ramen and loved it.. wish it had a bit more flavor but I added a bit of soy sauce and now Im addicted!!! I crave the fried rice everyday now :) 2 thumbs up!!!
3	This ramen shop isn't bad.  But the portions are a bit small for the price.  We had the bacon fried rice, tonkotsu ramen and tori karaage.  The price for the fried rice was reasonable for $7.00 and the flavour was quite nice with a bit of a spicy kick to it, but they didn't give you much on the plate.  Same with the ramen, they served it in a big enough bowl, but the bowl was only half full and the two slices of thin chashu that were in the bowl were I would say 90% fat.  And not the type that melts in your mouth either. The ramen portion was also very small and you have to pay extra $2 for extra ramen. The flavour of the broth was quite good though but don't think I would be coming back for awhile, since the portions are so small.   The tori karaage was a big disappointment for $6.50 I got three drumsticks and one wing and they were just average size.  The dipping sauce was okay, but the karaage itself was lacking in flavour.  Whatever it was marinated in made the texture of the chicken mushy like.  I didn't like it at all.  And it was deep fried too long.  I won't be ordering this dish again.  All in all, the flavour of the tonkotsu broth and the bacon fried rice was good, but they need to put a little more on the plate to attract a big eater like me.
3	I really like the location of this ramen place. Most ramen places are located in the ChinaTown (aka China Block) area. This is fairly located for those in the southern part of the Vegas valley.The staff has been overall very pleasant and the restaurant is comfy. It isnt extremely cramped like other popular ramen places... but i know that is how most popular ramen places are overall. I dont feel like I am going to put my elbow in my neighbor's soup at Shoku Ramen. If I had to say one particular thing that everyone should get when you are here... it would be their spicy tuna/ yellowtail item. I believe that it isnt always available though... since it is not on the main menu. I really enjoy their Spicy Miso. I usually add bamboo shoots and pork cheek... and it doesnt need any other additional condiments for me! It is pretty good when you are having a hard ramen craving. I was, however, disappointed in the duck ramen. Considering that duck usually has a pretty distinct taste, I did not taste much of anything in this ramen dish. I felt like i was about to empty every condiment on the table to get it to taste like something else.  I may need more duck ramen dishes at other places to give it a fair comparison though. Overall... Shoku is a good place to go if you are in the Southern area and cant make the drive to China Block.
3	The ramen here is mediocre at best. Too much noodles, too little meat--something I like to call the "meat to wheat" ratio, is definitely off. The broth is rich and flavorful though, so I will give kudos to them for that. Friendly service, very clean and quaint little restaurant, makes this place a good place to take a date.
4	Ramen heaven. One of the best ramen I've tasted This is located right next door to Bachi Burger. It was another cold night and I wanted something warm in my belly. They certainly did that. Here's the rundown:Seared Hamachi - delicious. A carpaccio with citrusy notes. My only quibble is you only get 4 pieces. More please. Takoyaki - octopus balls. Octopus pieces in a crepe like batter and cooked into a ball. It was very tasty and the Unagi sauce? was perfect with it. Bacon Takana Rice - bacon fried rice. This I didn't like. It was on the dry side and not much bacon flavor IMO. Not a lot quantity wise too.Tonkatsu Ramen - hit the spot on a cold winters night. The broth was so delicious. It came with pork belly and you know me and pork. Yummy!! Noodles were perfect.Buta-San Ramen - also good, but to be honest it was basically the same as the Tonkatsu ramen to me. The same broth. The only difference to me was the extra toppings for this ramen (sorry, I could not identify the extra topping it had). Still very good, thanks to the broth. I had this to go, so service was efficient. The place was on the small side, A row of tables on one side and the kitchen on the other.Pricing: it is on the high side. They do skimp on the product.Ambiance: good for a date If you want a good ramen, you've found your spot. Everything else was just okay. 3.5 stars, rounding up (thanks to the ramen broth)I'll definitely be back (just for the ramen)
5	I just started venturing into the noodle world, and can I say that I was Very  impressed. Service and food was great! I tried the green bean tempura, and wow it was amazing. For the ramen bowls, the duck bowl was amazing. This is a must try. I am looking forward to my next visit. :)
4	I would return.  I think most people only happen upon this place when Bachi Burger has too long of a line.  My husband and I went here intentionally and we were happy we did.  The service was the only lacking portion but with only one server and the small place filled up quickly and all at once I can understand why she was so slow.  WARNING the portion sizes are huge, consider sharing.  We started with the tempura shrimp which was not your normal idea of what tempura shrimp should be but it was so much better.  My husband had the spicy miso ramen and I had the tan tan man and mine was much better than his yet they were both yummy.
4	I love going here during the winter! The portions to me are huge and i bring a second person to share. The xo lobster with scallops of use to have was the perfect ramen to fight a cold.
5	The waitress nice and help to heat up the food. Very creative. Also better than top no1. In Chinatown Vegas ramen. Bigger place and not too crowded. Food: delicioso
5	Ramen here was very tasty.   I don't eat pork, so there vegetarian spicy miso ramen really hit the spot!  Portion size was perfect.  Will come back again with friends!
3	We went in here, because we initially wanted to go to the restaurant next door..and it was a 30 min wait.  We ordered a spicy miso ramen, bbq rice and chicken karaage.  After going to numerous ramen houses, this place surprised me.  They gave me 4 pieces of chicken wings, when I ordered chicken kaarage ($6-7.50, i forget exactly how much it costs).  They are priced a  bit more than what I am use to paying for ramen, the ambiance didn't fit what you pay for.  The place was covered up with too much stuff. The quality of food was excellent, and it had subtle and yet very flavorful taste. If you are paying for the experience, the food is there but the surroundings needs some work.
5	This place deserves way better ratings! I almost didn't come because of it.. The Gyoza was great! The fried rice appetizer was amazing! The ramen did not disappoint! Dave was great and we got everything fast and correct! I highly recommend this place!
1	Location: hidden in a small complex near a salon, subway, and next door to Bachi Burger. After our party was waiting for what seemed an eternity at Bachi Burger, we decided to go to its sister place, Ramen Shoku.  Simply put, I most likely, not probably, won't be back here again. The various appetizers including the GYOZA and TAKOYAKI was somewhat interesting, but nothing too exciting to do an order of again.  Each of us  had something different...TONKOTSU, SPICY MISO, and I had the most touted TAN TAN MEN ramen for 11.50.  It was overly salty and the noodles were too al dente.  I couldn't get past the overly salty taste of the soup and it seemed that every time I had the soup, I would be grappling for the water as a chaser.  The menu stated spciy base, but they need to edit it and put salty base.  I almost wanted to add the carafe of water into the soup and ask them to heat the soup along with the al dente noodles to cook some more.  The overpowering taste of salt definitely made me want to walk out that door and not even consider ramen places in general.  I think the SPICY RAMEN was more up my alley as it had more flavor from the miso base.  The base of the TAN TAN MEN was just simply oxtail soup which would have been more preferable than what they had added to it.  It definitely helped me to eat less, but then again helped me to cross this off my list or put it on my list of places to never go back again.  Next time, I'll wait for Bachi Burger even if it's an hour long wait...there's a reason why this place was barely empty and the Bachi was filled to the brim.  You'll enjoy drinking water at this place.
5	My boyfriend and I have been going to Bachi Burger for sometime now and just recently we notice the small spot next door. It's pretty small, maybe 8 tables, but we've never had to wait long for a table. Maybe its because we always go before 7pm. Oh man were sure glad we did! Their ramen is absolutely delicious! I tried the spicy miso and my bf tried the non-spicy version and both were yummy. We started with their curry shrimp appetizer and lets just say we've ordered it every time since. If your looking for a great ramen place in this area go here. Even if you don't live nearby it's worth the drive. PS: my boyfriend was craving a burger last time and they let him buy a burger and eat it at the table with us. They even delivered it! Same owners they said.
5	1.19.14 is when I came here for lunch with my grandpa. I LOVE THIS PLACE!! We came around 1 pm and the burger place next door was PACKED! We were not going there anyway so its all good. Going in there were only a few people so we didn't have to wait. When we sat down the waitress brought us our own,...water filler thing and glasses. It was ice water and you just pour it yourself which was really cool! I got soup and my grandpa got chicken, like always hahaButa San ramen- it had thin noodles that were nice and semi ferm, 3 different types of meat chashu, pork belly and pork cheek i think? The pork belly and chashu were amazing, the pork cheek was okay but didnt seem to flow with the other flavors as much. The broth,oh my goodness it was so good and creamy, i would have drank all of it if i didn't get full! so good! :)Chicken wings- Honestly, these are the best chicken wings I've had in a while, most likely not the best for you but who gives a toot right? They are cripsy crunchy goodness! And the chicken was nice and moist. :)Over all, I would for sure recomend this place to anyone that likes ramen. I wish other places did the 3 different pork styles I really liked that :).
4	1st time trying Ramen, and it was disgusting. It's rare I push the plate away after one bite but I couldn't stomach a second. Obviously I won't fault this place for my disliking. The appetizers were really good actually; fried green beans, tempura shrimp, and a soy covered edemame. I won't be back but glad I tried the tried.
1	I tried the miso ramen. Worst ramen I've ever had! The noodles were so soggy. It was like biting in to a giant clump of raw dough. The Chasu is all fat and tough. The corn was dry. The broth tasted like grass and mud juice. I also tried the toro karaage and the chicken was raw!! There's nothing worse than getting served salmonella on a plate. My tab came up to $27 for those 2 items. It was seriously a joke. It was such a horrible and gross experience! Never again!! *barf*
3	I went here because my friends are strongly Recommend this place for ramen. So i tried several stuffI ate spicy miso ramen for main dish which was so good ~ it was not greasy but neat taste! I ordered extra spicy because i am asian. Also I ordered fried rice and takoyaki. The fried rice was ok not too bad but i was not good either. Takoyaki is taste same as other restaurants...everything is moderate but service was not good. i think because only one server is working so food are coming out a little behind
3	Shoku has some pretty good Ramen... It's not the best in town but it's close to home. The gyoza is good, and their non-ramen fare looks really good. I will definitely be back to try the pork cheek bowl and homemade tofu. Depending on that visit, I may update my review.
3	Amazing apps, the ramen was not enjoyable at all. However great ambiance and nice wait staff. Again. Apps were absolutely incredible.
4	Not sure about the other reviews but I really enjoyed the ramen here.  The service was great as well.  Definitely will be back.
5	Awesome! Spicy Miso ramen blew me away! This will be our go to ramen spot when we're  in Vegas!!!
2	First off, I do like this place. I'm writing this review because of the incredibly unprofessional experience I had there last night. I am also bothered that there is no contact to email the restaurant directly. Even, when asking if a manager or the owner was able to there, I was told that he works in the back of the house and is in his office ..... Ok? So no one around to take responsibility for the staff's behavior.Here we go. I was in Shoku last night for dinner at 6:30, the restaurant was full except for one table in between a large group of 7 small children and 2 adults, and a very rowdy group  of 3 drunk people with one of the servers sitting with them. We were seated quickly and our drink order was taken, and just as quickly one of the servers, the tall and visibly drunk (I think transgender) guy with long hair, went to the table next to us and took a shot of sake and told them he'd be back. Then I guess our server, (we had 3 different people come to us throughout our meal) Joy came over and asked for our drink order. I told her that I had already ordered a hot tea and we ordered our food. After taking our food order, she then sat at the table next to us, near a guy who kept knocking an empty beer bottle on the table and was smoking an e-cigarette at the table. He would occasionally stand up to dance and stagger around, repeatedly bumping into our table and my friend sitting next to him. :/ After our food was brought out by Joy, the guy server came over and asked if we needed anything. I reminded him that I was still waiting for my tea, he yelled "OH YEAH!" and ran into the back. Joy returned with my hot tea and the cup was dripping everywhere and she was spilling it bringing it out. Both servers were pretty drunk and were very sloppy. Here's where it gets bad. Once we had our food and after 20 minutes I managed to get a cup of tea, the guy server sat down with the table of drunk people next to us. Their conversation was so loud and offensive I couldn't believe it. One of the drunk guys kept calling the possibly transgender male server a FAGGOT. Over and over again. The server was telling him to "SHUT THE FUCK UP" or he'd "PUT HIS PUSSY IN HIS FACE". The two drunk guys and one other staff member, she was wearing a Shoku shirt but never got up or did anything, continued to drink with the server for the duration of our meal. I was really surprised at this crazy behavior with a group of 7 kids who looked to be under the age of 10 sitting on the other side of us. Their vulgar, offensive and very LOUD conversation totally ruined any chance for me, my husband and our friend to talk to each other. THE ONLY UP SIDE:The only staff member who seemed embarrassed by Joy and the other male server, cleaned up the entire table beside us that had 9 people sitting there, mostly children and came over to apologize before getting the bill for us and processing our check was named Happy. He was great. I felt bad that he was surrounded by idiots and was picking up their slack and attending to all the tables in the restaurant. After we paid, I went up to him and tipped him and thanked him. TLDR: The drunk table beside us were drinking with two of the servers and being incredibly offensive in a restaurant full of kids. The staff also let one of the drunk guys smoke his e-cigarette in the restaurant while yelling at each other and calling the transgender server a FAGGOT. UNACCEPTABLE.
3	Ramen is a lot pricey than normal - cheapest bowl I believe was $8.I got the Spicy Tonkatsu which was $8.5. What really stood out to me was the pork that came with it was crispy - yum! good in flavor and didn't break apart like normal pork in ramen. The ramen was ok/not bad in the beginning but over time it had a strange taste or not something I'm used to - not sure if it was the green leaves something or the shredded red thingies in it either. the portion is average, didn't really fill me up either.The menu is a little bit pricey overall and are actually part of Bachi Burger too - when I went it was a bit confusing because the door was under construction..so you had to enter through Bachi Burger's entrance and state where you wanted to eat and then they'd guide you to a table. It's a maybe if I'll be back. Oh they take Discover cc too, so I guess that's a plus.
1	Great ramen if you like salt with extra salt.
5	My favorite ramen house. Love the atmosphere, great friendly attentive staff. Great music. Love the very tasty flavorful spicy miso, the broth is so good I cant wait to eat it again. Chasu was perfect melts in your mouth. The bamboo shoots has a good texture and you can taste the sesame in it.
3	service was fast and polite. the place is well kept. I had the bacon fried rice which was excellent.
2	Waitress was not attentive...none of the staff smiles to be honest! We had to have two checks because we ordered alcohol from the Bachi burger side of the restaurant. The food is just bland, nothing to bring me back! Just not a great vibe overall...
5	This second visit was very impromptu.  I was to meet my cousin for lunch and she had never been to Shoku before.  I let her know about my previous review,  however, she was still adamant to try it out.  I was not necessarily opposed hit, however, I remember not really liking their broth the first time. I was completely thrown off, this second time around.David, our server was so knowledgeable. He knew about everything! Told us the difference of menu items. Corrected us on food knowledge. I was so appreciative of his attentiveness.  He was personable, articulate and made a really great experience for us!  For starters, we got the Hakutsuru carafe unfiltered cold sake. It was served in a craft, equipped with a separate well for ice.  The unfiltered sake was refreshing, grungy and flavorful, super awesome!  For lunch, I got the fried gyoza for $6.00 and the Tonkotsu Ramen for $9.50. The gyoza was light, crispy and packed with amazing flavor!  The gyoza was stuffed with filling which was perfectly cooked and seasoned well.  As for the ramen, holy smokes!  This time was completely different than the first.  The pork belly was marbleized perfectly, the seaweed, egg and other items in the ramen were great toppers and man, the broth was on point!  Such a nice, warm, salty broth.  I was amazed!We were told that Shoku Ramen and Bachi Burger were going to be combined into on restaurant.  What an awesome idea, the best of both worlds!  I'm so glad I came this second time around.  My opinion has completely changed for the better and so did my Yelp score!  Come on by and check them out, you will NOT be disappointed!
4	I don't get why this place isn't given 4 stars, if not 5.As a foodie who came from Tokyo and Kyoto, I can assure you that ramen at this place is one of the most decent in LV. Their gyoza is one of the best.But probably it's a good idea to keep it this way - I don't like the long waiting line at Monta, and here I can enjoy good ramen pretty quickly.I really love Bachi Burger but about once every two visits to this mall I enter Shoku instead - it's that good. Recently those two restaurants by the same owner merged the entrance - now Shoku shares the entrance of Bachi Burger.
1	I am writing this message in regards to the terrible service that my party of two encountered on April 1st at your Windmill and Bermuda location. I understand that the location has now merged with Shoku Ramen-ya and the servers might not have adjusted to the ramen menu or may not be as knowledgable about it. I myself am not a true ramen connoisseur, but I know what I like and what to order. My friend and I both ordered a bowl of ramen; I ordered tantanmen and my friend ordered the spicy miso ramen. Our waitress Annette put in our orders. About 15 minutes later another waitress dropped off our ramen, rushingly saying "who had the tantanmen". I slightly raised my hand and she placed the bowl in front of me. She then assumed my friends bowl was in her hand and rushingly said "this is tonkatsu" and rushed away from our table. My friend asked what she said and I thought I misheard her but I knew tonkatsu did not sound anything like spicy miso. We knew, however, that it was not her bowl because it contained egg, broth that did not look spicy at all, and other ingredients that were not supposed to be in the spicy miso ramen. We then asked a male waiter who told us what they were but he was quickly brushed off by our waitress Annette who said "oh these bowls are correct but you guys just have each other's bowls". She then switched our bowls and left us confused. I then went on yelp to look at the pictures of the ramen dishes we ordered while my friend dived into the dish in front of her. I found a pic of my dish which was now the dish with the egg and unknown ingredients, it looked nothing like the tantanmen dishes that people posted pictures of. We then called the waitress Annette over and she said "these bowls are correct, this is what you ordered" so we asked for a menu and she showed us on the menu what we ordered. Our ingredients did not match the ingredients on the menu! But she insisted they did and we said the spicy miso isn't even spicy. "She then said it's not supposed to be very spicy. Then we asked why does it have extra ingredients in it. So she said well the chefs must've just added extra products and that it would only cost US a couple more dollars, as she laughed it off. At this point she started blaming us for the switch and tried to give me back the tantanmen that my friend, who was starving, had already eaten quite a bit out of. She kept saying "well you guys were confused but it is correct so you can switch up the bowls again, this is in fact what you ordered". We KNEW what we ordered and this was not it. We asked to speak to a manager. The manager came to our table and said "so I heard that there was a mix up between you two but it is now resolved". We told her it was not resolved and we explained to her what happened. She then suggested that her waitress and staff were correct and that we should just switch the bowls back. She then lifted the bowl that my friend had been eating out of and tried giving it back to me. How unprofessional to assume that I want to eat out of a bowl that's already been eaten out of and pay full price for it. I stopped her before she placed it down in front of me and we asked for different bowls. She then said "let me talk to my cooks and see if there was in fact a mix up". She finally came back to our table and said "oh, there was a mix up actually because another table ordered almost the same ramen as you, and you two got their orders" she then agreed to give us new ramen bowls. Then our waitress came back and said "I am sorry that you were confused and I will take off one of the ramens for you, is there anything else I can get for you?" We said no, we just want our ramen so that's it. They brought us the correct ramen and the check. The check did not comp us like Annette said it would. I then asked what happened to the comped bowl and she said "oh no actually you are going to be paying full price for what YOU ordered". We were then so frustrated that we paid and left. I am very disappointed in the service and especially with Annette and the manager! They blamed us for their mistakes and it is not acceptable
1	went to eat at the noodle place. The restaurant is half empty but the hostess says there will be a 10 minute wait.  okay we wait about 25 minutes - no luck. Call the manager, he says they are very busy and we have to wait until they are ready to seat us and serve - no thanks.  Unbelievably rude and poor service - luckily there is Mikos 100 yards away - better meal, no muss no fuss.  Really annoying when restaurants make you wait because they like to look busy. Won't go back to this dump
4	Excellent ramen. The spicy miso could have been a little spicier other than that no complaints. I'll be back.
5	The best ramen I've tried in Vegas so far. Their tonkatsu is yummy, as well as their appetizers.
1	This is the perfect place defined as HELL's KITCHEN!! First and LAST time going to this place! First off, the entrance is in the back hidden! You get there and there are 3 doors and you wouldn't know which one to go into because the only door that's open says Buchi Burger, not Shoku Ramen. There was not even a sign in the front door to inform customers, esp those visiting from out of state, that Buchi Burger and Shoku Ramen are now just one company combined.  There were a lot of people waiting, standing around outside. We waited for a good while, trying to stay positive thinking it must be good for people to wait this long. Make long story short, we ordered a bowl of Tonkatsu because this was what recommended to us and ohhh boy!! The meat was mainly fat, oh but the worst thing is that the soup was SUPER SALTY!! Our waitress (with a sleeve tattoo) never once checked on us to see how we were doing yet she kept walking back and forth passing our table. We ordered boba drinks, it took a long time just for the drinks! Really?! We noticed all the staff, even the cooks, are all young,  perhaps inexperienced,  that's why the place was a mad house!! Even the host was busy running around helping ouy the servers. Very unorganized! I believe this restaurant is owned by some of the staff working there, keep in mind... all young and experienced in running a business. I would not recommend this place, waste of time and money. It needs better management and need to train their staff, if not replace them.
4	Service: 7/10Host was nice, waited about 10 minutes to be seated.Our server was a nice kid he was pretty honest with me when I asked him which ramens were better and suggested I get the tantanmen ramen , which I did.Though, he only came by once to see how we were doing and I had an empty glass of water for awhile.Food quality:Oxtail chili cheese fries 10/10Spicy miso ramen 7.5/10Tantanmen ramen 8.5/10Food quantity:The ramen bowls were both fairly large, filled me up completely.The fries were overwhelming. It was only my boyfriend and I so we finished about half of it and fries aren't exactly good leftover foods. Probably good for a group of 3-4Beverages:Matcha iced tea 0/10     Really tasteless. Tasted like water with green food dye. And my boyfriend and I both usually really enjoy green tea.Thai tea with boba 7/10     The thai tea itself was delicious but the boba balls were hard and tasted a little old. I would suggest the thai tea but with no boba balls.Ambiance: 7/10Newly renovated from the old bachi burger so the place had a really nice open, modern feel. It was pretty small though, especially for 2 restaurants in one.Overall: 7/10I would come back. But I wouldn't drive across town just for this place.
1	Since they have merged with bachi burger everything has gone downhill. Don't go unless you want to wait for a long time and not get seated when there were open tables available. Waiters constantly let people ahead of us.
1	I use to love this place. I am very disappointed with the service and new food changes. I use to love to get the pork ramen with the extra types of pork, the pork belly was my favorite and they have now gotten rid of that and the chicken karage. I really wished they didn't morph with the burger place.
3	Really good ramen. Weird atmosphere and kind of a strange mix with the burger place, but still very good. Large portion and the tantanmen is spicy goodness!!
5	Was visiting and my friend brought me here for dinner.  Restaurant is small but very cozy, clean, modern, nicely decorated and the staff was very friendly. We ordered all 3 appetizers to start. The chicken wings were delicious: crispy outside, tender inside and great flavor. The gyoza in my opinion was about average: crispy and soft on the outside but  I didn't care for the flavor of the filling. However the Bacon Fried Rice was DA BOMB!!!  Oh my gosh I can eat that endlessly!!!  You have to try it. Is it greasy? Yes, but it's cooked with bacon! And the flavor was just amazing. Not what I expected but better!  Also had the ramen which was delicious! It was the Buta San "Pork 3 ways" and meat was so tender and decadent. Noodles were an awesome texture and different to the traditional ramen noodles I've had. They were more white in color and more firm. Also had a side of the mini spicy salmon roe on rice, which was tasty too!  Definitely will go back next time I'm back here in Vegas!
4	I'm pleased to say that this place has gotten drastically better.  With Bachi Burger ownership and a management team invested in their customers and the quality of the service and food- I'm happy to see this restaurant turned around.  The manager reached out to me to apologize for my last visit and invited me to come back and give them another chance.  I'm glad I did. The service was fantastic!  With the new combined layout and ability to order off of either menu: Ramen or Burgers, I thought it was a smart choice and made for an awesome experience.  The ed amble front of the house staff attending and engaging with the customers and the manager Michael made a point to come over and make sure we were taken care of. The only slip up that happened all night was that my cousin's was initially brought a burger he didn't order.  Our server was quick to replace it with his correct order and apologized. Overall, I'm very happy to see this great addition to the neighborhood doing well and really focusing on having the right staff,  serving great food and taking care of their customers.  I will definitely be back.
1	Horrible food!!! Left extremely  disappointed and hungry!! I had been craving a good ramen noodle bowl for quite some time and was excited when I came across Shoku Ramen. The restaurant itself looked clean and the service was fine, but...the food was something else!! I ordered a bowl of their pork ramen and what I got was a bowl of lard broth with undercooked raw looking bacon, with a layer of floating oil bubbles!!! Eeew...!! Disgusting!!! I could not finish it and felt I would get terribly sick if I ate that cholesterol laden elixir!! I ended leaving and picking up a sandwich at Subway. Not only was I still hungry, but I felt the bread from the sandwich would help soak up all of that fatty oil and grease my poor stomach was full of!!! Never again...GROSS!!!
1	I have to give them a one star.  I came here with high hopes because I love their other restaurant Bachi Burger (which is hands down, one of the best burgers you'll ever eat and the Oxtail cheese fries are insanely good). anyway back to the review of Shoku.First three things I tried to order, they were out of.  How are you out of a dish at prime time dinner time.  I was here at 6pm.  Far to early to be out of 3 dishes on a menu that only has 8 items.I'll give them another chance, but for now, it's a one star on my book.
2	Got the vegetarian gyoza. PrettyGood. Nice flavor. That's what the 2 stars are for. I also got the vegetarian ramen and it tasted like a glorified $.69 ramen from the grocery store. The broth was bland and had nothing special about it. The noodles were cooked fine but I was just disappointed with the flavor to the soup adorned with only bamboo and mushrooms. It was not worth $9 and I will not be ordering it again. It was also frustrating that although we wanted to eat ramen only, They were not seating in that room and we had to Wait 45 mins for a table at bachi burger side. What's the point of being connected if u won't use both restaurant spaces? Esp when some people only want food from shoku only? There were 5 other parties also waiting for a long time for a table and had to wait tillThe packed bachi burger had open tables. Makes no sense.
5	Awesome food with an awesome atmosphere.  It is in the same place as bachi burger so it's kind of an interesting set up but the food makes up for it!!! I got the spicy ramen and was so impressed I would say it's the best I've had in Vegas!!! For all people who can't do spicy good, don't worry it's not that bad!!
5	Ramen is great!! Tea is AMAZING!!!! And their takoyaki is the BUISNESS  great place to go and eat!
5	Previously I gave 4/5 stars to this place, and I have the urge to correct it now. It's 5/5, if I can add another star, I would, because this place is very very special to me. Their ramens have improved a lot, and I like the fact bachi - Shoku is now the same restaurant. My hubby can eat his burger while I eat my noodles. Everyone is happy. More seatings, modern decor, same friendly services, crazy busy kitchen. What's not to love about this place? The only request? Bring back fried chicken from original Shoku please !! Their drumstick was out of this world, and CFC is just not the same.
1	My mom wanted to come here and get some ramen. She wanted to try ramen in Las Vegas, since she tried her first ramen place in San Francisco. Since she liked her first ramen restaurant experience in San Francisco, she wanted to see if it was as good as in Las Vegas. I've eaten here many times before when they were their own restaurant and was not part of Bachi burger, and I'm very familiar with their menu. We got seated real quick, but I was disappointed that we didn't seat at shoku ramen part of the restaurant, but instead we got seated at Bachi burger. It took awhile until our server acknowledge us and offered or asked for beverages. My mom, brother, and I ordered ramen, my brother ordered spicy miso, my mom ordered tonkotsu & sprite and I ordered tonkotsu with no mushroom & lychee soda. And I told my server, that I was allergic to mushrooms. And I knew the broth was mushroom based, but since I ate here many times before I was okay with the broth, I was just allergic to the actual mushroom. My mom didn't get her sprite right a way and my lychee soda was sooo sweet that I didn't get to enjoy it (and I always get lychee soda whenever I go to Bachi burger). We got our food and I was happy because that's what I was looking forward to. We got our food. I started to dig in and I notice that my tonkotsu ramen has mushrooms. I tried telling our server but she is nowhere to be found. And so I told the other server, that this ramen has mushrooms and I ask for no mushrooms. The server apologize and kindly took my plate away. And I have "NEVER" have to do that and I don't want to "EVER" have to do that again. And then another different server came back to our table and told me "there is no mushrooms in my ramen" and I showed her that this is mushrooms. At that time I was already irritated and didn't want to eat anymore. And so the server took the food and didn't even apologize. Our main sever came back with a brand new ramen, at that time I didn't want to eat anymore. With the new ramen bowl, there still was mushrooms, I didn't want to bring it back anymore and I just took out the mushrooms and hoping I don't accidentally eat one. All in all, I was extremely disappointed in the service and the servers. And I don't think i will EVER come back or recommend this place. FYI, I did get an extremely bad allergic reaction a hour after I left the restaurant because I ate a mushroom in my ramen.
3	Good noodles. Good broth. Nice place. But alittle hectic since its mixed with Bachi Burger. It takes time to get your food if your party orders from separate.
3	This is the first time I have been back to Shoku Ramen since since Bachi Burger decided to merge their two spaces.  I loved the food at Bachi, but stopped going there because the wait was ridiculous, the service was really bad, and they were pretentious.  Merging the spaces and redecorating did not speed up the wait time, but we were able to get some counter space way quicker than waiting for a table.  The service was still crappy.  We got flat $3 Diet Cokes and the waitress did not seem to think flat soda was an issue.  And even though we did not drink them, we still had to pay for them.I ordered the 5 spice Shoyu Ramen for $10.  This sounded interesting to me because I have never heard of ramen with chicken.  I assume it's not traditional, since I have never seen it at any noodle house, but it was very good.  It was a shoyu broth with free-range chicken breast, wavy noodles, bok choy, green onion, mushroom, and fish cakes.  The broth was not too salty, but it needed a little kick so I added chili strands and chili spice.  The chicken had skin, but was very good once I removed it.  All in all, if I had to go back to Shoku, I would likely order a burger from the Bachi menu, but I would order this again if I was in a soup mood; even though it is overpriced for ramen.
2	The most depressing ramen experience since... well... ever. I have never left a bowl of ramen unfinished--half my bowl remained untouched. -___-'Ordered Shoku from the Bachi Burger side of the restaurant a couple days ago. I've been a little burger'd out lately and figured this was the perfect opportunity to try their ramen. I've been putting it off for something like 2 years. When I go to Bachi, I usually want burgers & oxtail fries--not soup! My Spicy Miso Ramen w/ Extra Menma made me wish I had just thrown my money at a burger T___TAs an appetizer, we ordered calamari. It was fine I guess.The breading was a little soft but the dipping sauces tasted pretty good. It was served with an aioli and a zingy citrusy oil. The ramen broth is alright. It's somewhat rich, saltiness is right, but the flavor is very strange. I'm not sure if they're taking a lot of liberties with their ramen or someone put something they shouldn't have in there but the flavor profile was extremely different from what I have ever had at any ramen place (in Cali or Vegas). Whatever region of Japan this came out of, something was definitely amiss. At least their noodles were good though. Good flavor, right texture, and slightly chewy. Just how I like them! **My brother ordered the Five Spice Ramen. It's more of a clear type of broth. Flavorful, healthy, if that's the kind of ramen you're into. I liked this over what I ordered.As far as toppings, standard ingredients included 2 slices of charsiu, menma, shredded wood-ear mushroom, and sprinkling of scallion.  The spiciness of the spicy miso comes from dumping straight chili oil into the broth. Therefore, it's really not that spicy based on my comparisons with other ramen joints. The menma is the worst menma I've ever had in my life. Is this what canned or jarred menma tastes like? I've never had bamboo shoots so soft, limp, and flavorless. They were kind of gross. I was very disappointed that I had ordered extra. My brother usually orders nori in his ramen and guess what...they removed nori from their toppings menu. I asked the waitress why and she said the owners wanted to try something different... whatever.The Charsiu: There's a bit of controversy as to "what is good charsiu." Some like it fatty, some like it meaty. More char, less char, etc. But what is not cool is when I'm served a bowl of ramen with 2 clean cuts of pork fat. PURE PORK FAT. No meat whatsoever. **see pic below** This was not charsiu. This was leftover fat they were trying to pass off as charsiu. Shame on you.Prices here are a little higher than average. I'll probably never eat here again. Word on the street is the owners are spreading themselves a little thin with their expansion plan and turnover is high. I think it's safe to assume there are newbs in the kitchen and food quality is poorer than usual.
5	From Houston, visiting our Daughter & Son In Law. Dined here following a show. So part of the late crowd. Service was fast, attentive and courteous.Tempura Brussel  Sprouts  app. was new to us and very delicious. Each dish was excellent. We all added a poached/soft boiled egg to our dish. Excellent again. Will return! ( So will our Kids. I think they came here 2 times the first month restaurant was open)
3	Its vwey busy. Good fast service. Kinda pricey for the quality. Moatly bisy because its mixed with Bachi burger also.
3	So the wait wasn't too long, but that doesn't make up the fact our server wasn't too attentive. No napkins,plates,silverware, etc... The calamari was delicious although I can't say the same for the gyoza it was horrible due to the fact it was burnt we had to ask for a fork to even cut it up But not even that helped. Our sever is no where to be found I finally asked someone if it's supposed to be that way they said they'll bring out a New one and that wasn't to their standards. Other than that the ramen was delicious. I suggest the tantanmen it's the best in my opinion. Although the service could had been better I still love coming here. The atmosphere is great and I'll give them that. Thanks shoku.
2	Late review, but still relevant. Our son was two months and our anniversary was upon us. We asked the in-laws to watch him. We went here because it is down the street from our house. The first time we went we liked it. The second time we were served raw pork. The gyoza were RAW. The "chef" then is talking to the cook who made them. Ruined the experience. Won't be back. Shame since it is down the street. Bachi has lost it's mojo as well.
