5	I started as a Polished fan in the early days. It was upbeat, bright and fun.  They have a huge selection of color. But the word spread and they grew busier and busier. I suddenly felt like it was an assembly line and they wanted to crank out the pedis quickly and I often got cuts.  So I wanted an alternative.So I visited Modern Salon over a year ago. It is in the Village at SouthEnd (behind Chipotle). They are a quaint, small boutique-ish type of nail salon. They only have 4 or 5 chairs, and everyone is super friendly. One of their walls has a giant mural of Latta Park in Dilworth, and they have cute colorful curtains hiding their work area. I get very personalized service and only one time have I seen every chair filled.  They do such a great job on my toes that I can go 3-4 weeks in between visits.Also in my four decades I have gotten very few manis because I hate the way they do my nails, but one time I got a combo from the sweet older owner (who is admittedly very difficult to understand) and she filed my nails into a shape that was amazingly attractive! Suddenly I didn't have chicklets on the ends of my fingers! That's the good news. The bad news is that now I have to pay for manis because I want them now. The other good thing is they don't charge for "buffing" if you don't want a color, which is an extra $5 at their competitor.  They do one thing very differently- they have you buy/take your own emery board and buffing block with you for sanitary reasons. That's AOK with me.My only complaint? Their nail polish selection is very small. I like Essie over OPI because of quality and they don't have much Essie. My solution? I buy a bottle of my fave color and put it in my personal kit and keep it in the car. Problem solved. Oh and you can leave a tip on your card if you tell them ahead of time, which solves the cash defficiency issue.
5	This is the best place I have ever been for a good 'ol mani-pedi.  The prices are great. The staff is caring and the salon is very boutiquey.  I too tried my luck at the popular and trendy Polished.  Polished doesn't stand a chance against Modern Nails.  Let me know if you agree!
4	After searching for a reasonable place to nails done, my friend and I landed on Modern. When we walked in on a saturday afternoon - they were FULL. So we left our names on the list and came back in a hour. The price was great and they charge an extra $1 for your own nail file and buffer. They offered us wine/water or soda. Over all my nails (hands and feet) looked awesome. I am glad to find a new place to get my nail-did. I'd recommend it - give it a try if you are in Southend.
5	LOVED this place! Great price, great service and tons of nail polish selections!! Kim was awesome!
5	First visit was a couple of days ago after seeing reviews here, had an amazing experience!  I had been going to a popular salon chain, and needed something different. This is a small salon, and despite it rapidly filling up on a Friday morning, it was a peaceful, relaxing visit, with a nice breeze blowing through the open side door. My technician was friendly without being intrusive, was attentive to detail, and gave a great massage. No thumping music competing with loud chatter, and my toes looked FANTASTIC!
5	Michelle is the ONLY person I will go to! Everyone is nice but she is amazing. Better make an appointment b/c she stays booked. P.S. I stopped my standing weekly appointment at fa ancy SP spa because Michelle was better!
4	Great foot and leg massage!
4	I'm in Charlotte on vacation and decided to get a little pampering. At Modern Nails, I had a pedicure with a nail color change plus a pedicure for a friend. They were very professional and quick to help us even though we didn't have an appointment. We were asked if we needed anything, including drinks. They went the extra step to make sure we were okay. My nail tech (the only middle aged woman that was there) wasn't quite as attentive, but she appeared to speak less English than her coworkers. She did a great technical job with my nails, which is saying a lot considering how much of a perfectionist I am. My only complaint for her has that my foot massage was 2 minutes and my friend's was over 10. Other than that we have no complaints and I would visit again next time I come to town.
5	I have been getting my nails done here for years.  You know how some businesses start off with great service & then get comfortable & the service changes, to not so good?  The services & customer service has remained awesome!  Which is quite refreshing! The atmosphere is so relaxing, soft music, nice breeze, and very clean.  Ann does an awesome job on my hands while Ms. Marie does a pedicure that is so relaxing it puts me to sleep.  Her massage is like none I have had before, during a pedicure.  Michelle is also great.  All of the staff seem to be friendly and professional.Make an appointment, the word has gotten out.
5	Woohoo, I've found "my" new nail salon!! A friend and I visited Modern Nail after reading reviews here on Yelp.  We both had Shellac nail polish applied. This quaint salon is clean, the customer service great and the price competitive.  We didn't have an appointment and had no wait when we arrived mid-afternoon on a Tuesday.  This is a small salon (three nail stations) so next time I will be sure to schedule an appointment.
5	Michael rocks!!!! Used to go to Polished (Southend & Myers Park), which is where I met Michael. When he told me he left, I thought I would just die. Until he told me he went to Modern Nails. He's the only one I fully trust to do my acrylics. He does an amazing fill-in within 30 minutes or less!! All his other clients from Polished followed him over here too. That's how great he is!
2	After read a couple good reviews i visit modern nail and i leave not happy.the girl do so quick and i dont have time to relax and enjoy and leave a lot cuticles . So after 15 day i am for one more try . This time i try someone different and still not good job cuticle and paint just part off my nails . Bad  bad experience
5	This is my nail salon! I have tried many many different salons over the past few years and never found one I wanted to go back to. Modern nails is the best. I always get a pedi and shellac polish and it is amazing. The staff is friendly and efficient. This is the only place I go to now.
4	Great place for pampering....Right across from the boyfriends place so it's convenient.
5	It's is one of the best pedicure i ever had.
5	Gotta love a nail salon that serves wine! Casey did an awesome (read OCD) job on my gel/shellac manicure today! I always enjoy a nail tech that is meticulous and they all seemed that way. It is a smaller salon so HIGHLY recommend calling ahead and make sure to bring cash for tipping! Will definitely go back!
5	Excellent Gel Manicure! Lynn did a great job, very friendly staff. Was offered a drink a couple of times. Lots of color choices for gel nails.
1	This place was awful. They have a sign that says $20 gel nails on Wednesdays. So my friends and I made an appointment on a Wednesday and went. But thats only for gel polish. Not a a manicure. Of course. So we ended up paying full price for the manicure. They buffed my nails way to much making them very thin and weak. The gel started pealing the very next day and my nails have starting breaking. This never usually happens with my nails. So disappointed with this place. I will not be back.
4	I love that this nail salon is open on Sundays. With accounting busy seasons consuming months of my year at a time, it's good to know that I can still keep my nails maintained on my Sundays off. I've been here twice, and I've been happy with the results each time. Their gel/Shellac change service (not including full cuticle and manicure) is $20 Monday through Wednesday and $25 otherwise. It's not cheap, but the staff do a very detailed job. Chiming in with Jen C. that they do have an absurd number of gel colors. Usually, salons will only offer about 10 choices, but Modern Nails had about 30. Impressive!
5	This nail salon Modern is the best in South end by far. They are so accommodating and Michael is an expert at what he does. He is fast but thorough and pays attention to every detail when doing acrylics. The pedicures are wonderful too, all the ladies take their time. It's a  personal experience and you don't feel like you are at an assembly line nail salon like that big other one around the corner that shall remain nameless. I do not write reviews this is my first time and I'm a loyal customer of Modern Nails forever.   Come here if you want pretty nails and great service.
2	So, after seeing they were open on Sundays, which a lot of nail salons are not, and near me, I had to give them a shot. My first visit I got a full set, service was okay and the acrylics were fine, not great. After a few days the paint was chipping and the glue from the acrylic started peeling off, okay it happens. Today I decided to give them another shot and got a pedicure. I arrived at 3:05 and was in my car at 3:30...and, I am being serious. The girl, who seemed really annoyed basically removed my polish, put lotion on and painted. No real cuticle or works on my toes. Very disappointing. For $25 I could have done a better job myself. Not sure I would return.
4	The Cliff Notes Version...- Very clean facility- Open Sundays from 12-5. I highly recommend making an appointment! - 4 spa pedicure chairs- Lots of Essie & OPI polish choices- Beverages offered (beer & wine)- Very reasonable prices ($25 for a pedicure)- Ample parkingI really my experience at Modern Nails! I will definitely be returning.
5	Great relaxation place for an eyebrow wax, manicure and pedicure. Tammy was gentle but good.
4	This may be my new nail salon! I recently moved here and I've visited 4 different salons in the last 3 months. None of them compare to Modern Nails! I got my fill-in with Ann and she was great, very detailed and gentle (I'm super sensitive). I can't wait to return for a pedicure. I love that it's small and quaint. Makes me feel like I'm having a personal experience and I'm not just a number in line being rushed through for the next customer.
4	Good experience, neat and clean, pleasant atmosphere, good location.
2	I read so many good reviews I decided to try Modern nails for a pedi on my lunch break.  It was a week day and I was the only one in the salon.  I felt like I was rushed through the pedi...  she barely massaged or exfoliated made no attempt at conversation or to make me feel welcome.  I will not be going back.
3	Just a regular place. They would not do my nails and pedicure at the same time, so not a good place for a person who goes bi-weekly for both! The guy who did my nails was arrogant and he did not do that good of a job to act that way.
1	I have been a customer for over 2 years and always considered their services to be mediocre to good. After today's experience, I'm certain that their quality of nail polish is below standards and they do not deliver acceptable service. When is Charlotte going to demand better nail spa's?
3	This place definitely has the cutesy small shop vibe! But that being said I'd definitely recommend making an appointment! For it to be such a small place it has a lot of traffic! During my appointment time they turned away several people because they just couldn't get to everyone! I'm glad I'd made an appointment with Lynn. She was very professional and detailed and my nail came out great. I don't get gel but if that's your thing this place really does have the most I've seen! The hours are good and it's clean. So if I need a fill for my nails or a pedi I'd stop in again!
5	This is my a absolute favorite place to get my nails done in Charlotte. The people who do my nails are always awesome. Gel manicures are very reasonably priced! Only $25!
4	Tiny, hole in the wall space, but the vibe was relaxing. Good selection of OPI and Essie polishes. I walked in on lunch and waited for 5 minutes to get a pedi seat. I hiked over 15 miles after getting the pedicure, and the polish is still in decent condition. If you're paying cash, I would suggest breaking down your bills prior to paying and tipping.The parking lot was packed during the day, but if you're early enough on a lunch rush, you should be able to find street parking.I'll definitely be back.
5	This is my new spot!! These ladies not only are fast but they do THE BEST gel mani in town. No for real they know not to touch the cuticle and to let the nail dry fully before going ahead with the next step. The place is small but its why I gave it 5 stars. The small location actually feels nice, personalized and it QUIET, like you can actually enjoy your wine and your pedi with out hearing 12 staff members talk over everyone else. Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed!
5	Great little shop! Very clean and they do an awesome job! The staff is very friendly and they make sure you are satisfied. I got lucky and they weren't busy when I came in, but since it's small - I'd recommend calling for an appointment first! I found this little gem on Yelp as I was driving through, very glad I stopped.
5	I'm new to the area and have been looking for a nail salon. I know there are a ton but I'm picky. Me and my friend thought we'd give this place a try. I absolutely loved it! We walked in without an appointment and they gladly accommodated us. Although it is suggest to make an appointment. The atmosphere was very pleasant and very clean. They ladies were nice and easy to talk to. I believe Linn did my nails and she did an awesome job! They're just the right length and the thickness is good. She worked efficiently while also making sure that my nails were done well and the way I wanted.The price was good as well. $28 for a full set of acrylics. The prices for other services were great and reasonable as well. I will definitely be going back to visit them!
4	Small and cozy shop :) Me and my bf enjoyed a great couples pedicure  on Sunday 11/23.  The ladies took their time  on the pedicures and really made it a relaxing experience . The lotion massage at the end was the best .  Basic pedicure does not include paraffin feet dip but does include  a green sugar/salt scrub . Would definitely  try again .
