3	Ehhh..  For a sort-of-celebrity chef Lidia Bastianich (business partner to Mario Batalli) I was totally UNimpressed with the sunday brunch.  Thank god I haven't bought her cookbook.I ordered the Pasta Tasting - and I wish I hadn't.  The whole wheat Paparelle was sugary, the penne a la vodka was watery, and the raviolle was soaked in butter. My parents meals were better, which is why I've given three stars. That said, the atmosphere was beautiful and the antipasta and dessert tables were nicely laid out.  The kitchen is half open behind the bar, and unlike the open kitchens in NYC where the aestitics of the kitchen are well planned out, this kitchen had four colored pots and pans thrown on top of the shelves to make it look pretty. Umm, four pots?  and an industrial kitchen? not so cute.Sadly, I didn't not love this place.
3	Enjoyed the decor here, especially the neat chandeliers, which are very Chihuly inspired.....The food was good, although not the most fabulous Italian I've ever had. It had a sort of mass-produced feel to it, and while everything we had was very good, it was not fabulous. The portions are also huge. I particularly liked the gnocchi with duck ragu - yummy! One of the more unpleasant things about this restaurant was that we could hear the beating bass of the music at the club next door throughout the entire meal. It reverberated throughout the restaurant, which is in a very spacious warehouse space with a two-story ceiling. If they could somehow rectify the sound situation, I'd add another star back, but it was really annoying.....
4	The atmosphere and service from this restaurant were a welcome change from much of what we received the rest of our stay in Pittsburgh. The staff seemed genuinely friendly and attentive. The food was good- not outstanding but definitely one of the best meals I had in the city. I ordered salmon, which was cooked perfectly. My friends had the pasta tasting, which for it's price seemed very reasonable. Pasta dishes never impress me the way other dishes do, but teh three offered this night were on the lighter side and a nice variety.Oh why lie, they each had three servings and I was eating off their plates. That food was gooood!
3	This restaurant has remained - longer than I expected, frankly.  But the food is ok, definitely not great and is fairly forgettable.  The wine list is also forgettable.  Overall, this is a place that I go to if I have to for an event, but probably wouldn't think about otherwise.  It is well-located in the Strip District though and near some bars, so if you want to be able to walk from place to place, this is a place to consider if Italian is what you are in the mood for.  Fairly pricey for what they offer.
4	I liked the decor of the place.  When I lived in Pittsburgh 3 years ago, I was just out of college with no money and didn't care what I ate.  So I spent a lot of time eating bar food, pizza, and $1 pierogies.  I never knew there were "fancy" restaurants until I returned this week for work!I got the salad with pears & gouda which was delicious with a ton of cheese.  I also had the octopus appetizer as a meal - I was surprised, it's much chewier than I expected.  But the vinaigrette on it was tasty and the red potatoes and kalamata olives gave it a lot of flavor.  The fruity sorbet was good as well.  I though the service was great and the waiters didn't laugh at me for not knowing half the words on the menu.  They were more than willing to explain!
4	It's funny that I went here for Sunday brunch and have yet to visit the NYC location, but se la vie.  Lidia's Pittsburgh is good.  Not spectacular, but really very good, and it's a welcome respite from the Olive Garden and the other Italian chains that seem to make up the Pgh area & the rest of the US.  Also, I give it kudos for its location in the Strip District.  Decor-wise, there is a comfortable and easy ambiance mixed with a slight artsiness that I liked.  Plus there were only friendly and helpful servers/hosts etc., which is always worth a lot, in my opinion.  While we were probably underdressed, there was zero attitude about it, and that's just not  not something I would encounter in NYC.   Again, the food was really good.  Not amazing, mind you, but very tasty.  I had the homemade pasta, which was brought tableside piping hot, in addition to the homemade salads and other fare at the buffet table.  A Bloody Mary, (or Champagne, if you prefer) is included in the brunch as well, making for a great deal!!  (I think the whole brunch was like $17 including drinks and dessert.)  The desserts were quite good as well.  This would be a great spot for a large party too.  Unfortunately, I do feel like it's missing that little something extra that makes a restaurant truly great, but it is absolutely worth a try.  You will enjoy your meal here.
4	We had a great experience at Lidia's.  I would give this a 4.5 if I could.  We started with the Prosciutto San Danielle and Asparagus and Boiled egg salad. The salad was the perfect foil to the salty prosciutto. Very nice.  We loved the bread basket with the the scoop of ground chickpeas in pesto.  We each had a salad.  My partner ordered the pasta tasting (more on this in a moment) which came with a Caesar Salad and my friend Carlos and I split the Roasted Beet salad.  For entree, I had the gnocchi with Duck ragu.  Wow.  Really fantastic.  Nice handmade gnocchi with a rich duck sauce that almost seemed like a confit.   Carlos had the grilled calamari with corona beans and escarole.  It was light and delicious in a heady broth that was spiked with Thyme.   My partner, Steven had the pasta tasting.  Kinda like Italian Rodizio, three housemade pastas of the day are served and by roving waiters with copper skillets.  They keep on serving you pasta for as long as you want to eat.  That night the pastas were a spinach and ricotta ravioli in a butter thyme sauce, pappardelle in a pulled pork sauce and Penne with eggplant.  Steven liked two out of the three.  He found the pulled pork sauce to be overwhelming.  The raviolis were a treat and when the servers brought Steven his first round, he energetically asked "would you like to try one?"  Of course I would!  that was indicative of all the service we encountered.  Very casual, friendly and efficient.  What more could you ask for?  Desserts were superlative.  I had the Cranberry Torta with homemade pistachio ice cream and Steven had the Panna Cotta with Marinated dry fruits.  Both were exemplary.  The decor is lovely.  All in all a great experience.  I do understand when others say that perhaps they expected a bit more, and perhaps I agree with them, considering that this is Lidia Bastianich's place, but if you dissassociate the name with the experience I think you will find that it's a great meal at a reasonable price and what's wrong with that?
2	I really want to give this place a good review, the decor is beautiful, the wine list is great (about ten $28 bottles, red and white, the pino grigio we had was phenom!), the service was fine, but the food was totally forgettable.The service.... You know how when you get a jokey waiter when you're not "that kind" of table, you expect the waiter to get the hint and be more professional? Well I had the exact opposite experience. My very small office was saying goodbye to one of our coworkers, so we went to Lidia's for a boozy lunch. We were in high spirits and having a great time. The waiter was perfectly courteous and professional, but I thought he should have gotten that we were a more personable table. Anyway, I didn't knock off a star for this, it doesn't seem important enough. But it did taint my visit. I remember the waiters attitude more then some of the food.Oh, and don't bother with the tiramisu, it's all cream, almost no cake.But the atmosphere is great, they really went all out with the interior design. The menu isn't particularly veg friendly, but it's not too bad. Lidia's does high-end traditional Italian without being too pretentious or too predictable. But I have no desire to eat what I ordered (the daily special pasta trio) again nor do I have any interest in trying anything else on the menu. Months later I decided to lower my stars from four to two. I really wanted to like this place, but I really didn't.And I gotta talk about that wine list again, it's Lidia's only shining star. Of course, they have a pricey reserve list, but they have a whole bunch of really cheap, good bottles, and a bunch of wines by the glass too.
5	I really enjoyed my experience at Lidia's.  My friend and I were seated promptly, and we shared an order of the crab fricos, which were quite good.  For my main course, I had a calamari dish with large beans.  I can't remember the name of it, and it's not on the menu online, so ... but all I can say is that my mouth started salivating as I was writing this, so you know it was good.For dessert, we shared the chocolate cake, which was incredibly rich.  I don't think we finished it, but it was good.All in all, a very pleasant experience.  Would love to go again.
4	Somehow I thought the place was going to be fancier.  The way the concierge at the hotel spoke of it, it sounded like it was going to be expensive and busy.But I was pleasantly surprised to see entrees that weren't too expensive and a very comfortable atmosphere!  It was a welcome warm spot on a cold November night!I had the Pasta 3-course meal and was thrilled! - cesaer salad, all-u-can-eat 3 types of pastas and any dessert off of the dessert menu!  I thoroughly enjoyed 2 of the 3 pastas and particularly liked the meat raviolis.  Very tasty!  While it was an all-u-can-eat offer, we really didn't have much more than small amounts of each, as all the portions were hearty and filling.The wine list had a selection of $28 bottles that were not fantastic, but tasty for the price.  And the ambiance was enjoyable.  Our group of 8 had pretty good service, and definitely enjoyed our experience there.Side note:  Not an Italian dish, but the night we were there one of their specials was Hungarian Goolash, that was raved about by the 1 person at our table who ordered it!
4	I go to Lidia's once a year when I am in town for Thanksgiving. I like the ambiance and the decor, although this year our corner table had chairs that sunk WAY down - we wanted to ask for telephone books. I usually choose one of the special salads and have the gnocchi with duck ragu; it is superb! So much flavor and the gnocchi are perfect. This year, though, there was a special fall prix fixe menu with Winter Squash. The ravioli with balsamic drizzle were delicious. I choose quail with apples and squash for my main course and was very satisfied. Terrific glaze! The dessert, however, was over the top! Creme fraiche and pumpkin ice creams, caramel sauce, AND pumpkin fritters. We enjoyed a couple of the $28 bottles. No, they aren't stellar, but for the price they are all good food wines. Everyone in our party enjoyed the meals and we will definitely return.
4	What do you do any spending 1/2 a day tromping all over Heinz History Center? You go to Lidia's for brunch, of course. Service here is very warm and friendly, unlike Winter in Pittsburgh. Right away, you are treated to a huge basket of delicious muffins, biscuits sweetened with chocolate chips, sugared twists along with yummy fruit flavored butters. Brunch also includes a nice mimosa or a bloody Mary. We were not as impressed with the antipasti table. However, it was late in the day and perhaps that was part of the problem. The Cesar salad while yummy, looked a bit unhappy. And the wedding soup seemed bland. The quiche was good as well as the butternut squash casserole. But things did looked up with our 2nd course choices. I had the Manicotti Ripieni di Ricotta. I loved the light tomato sauce and the pasta rolls. Big J had Sarme Caupcci-Ripieni, which has cabbage stuffed with pork, veal and beef. Last was the dolci dessert buffet table. Having no room for dessert, we still shared a wonderful tiramisu. The table was very tempting with biscotti, tortes and other sweet treats.
5	First time at Lidia's, although I've wanted to go there every time I'm in Pittsburgh.I got the prix fixe Lidia's Trio del Giorno.  Started off with a great Caesar's salad (Insalata "Cesare" alla Lidia), followed by three pasta dishes, and ended with an interesting choice for dessert.  The pastas were right out of the kitchen - the farfalle with fennel, caramelized onions, sausage, and some tomatoes, was fantastic.  The gnocchi were great, and the linguine with basil pasta and shrimp was good but not on par with the other two pastas.  The dessert was an olive oil and basil torte with lemon ice cream (my description doesn't adequately describe it) - I should've written down the description from the menu, although I did upload a photo of the dessert.The wait staff was outstanding - attentive without being intrusive.  The decor is awesome - especially the backlit wall with wine bottles.  I hope to be in Pittsburgh again very soon and will definitely go back to Lidia's.
4	I've been here twice and both times did the prix fixe pasta tasting. The selections change frequently but it was always delicious and extremely satisfying.
3	Lidia's is a nice place for a special occasion but misses the mark for this foodie. Their Octopus Appetizer is perfect however their pasta sampler was disappointing. One of the selections was not cooked and clumped together a silly mistake from the kitchen that shamed the attentive wait staff. Dessert was no better. My vanilla creme sauce looked like snot next to a melted mess of ice cream. Take a non foodie friend here to be nice but not for a culinary fun find.
4	Jeez...Has it really been a month since I've been here as I look at the receipt.  Well, I'll try to fill in the blanks.  This may be one of my new fav' brunch spots.  I'm not a fan of brunches as I detest most buffet style dining (has to do with my germophobia), sneeze guards...etc. Howeve, this is the type of brunch I can deal with.  First let's start with the space.  It's a beautiful restaurant that's been here for a few years.  Lidia of PBS fame has only three restaurants I believe (one in nyc, one in kc, and for some reason one in pgh).  As an aside I was told when I asked that one of the reasons lidia chose pittsburgh is because the ratings for her cooking show are better in this small metro than any other urban setting.  I dont' remembe all the details of the space except there were very high ceilings and ornate chandeliers (sp?).  We sat at the long bar and had a great professional bartender.  The bar offers a birds eye view into the open kitchen with many "back of the house" folks running about in organized confusion.  It's a bit busier today than usual Isuspect because the matriarch herself "lidia" is here barking orders and checking plates.  I'm told she only visits a few times a year and is here for the tomatoe dinner...Btw, Lidia in person looks very much like her profile on tv,,, she seems warm, genuine and very...how should I say..."grandmotherlike".  She comes out of the kitchen signs afew autographs and then has a seat by herself sipping an espresso watching the show go past...Okay, onto the food one of the main reason's I like this brunch is because the brunch entree's are cooked to order and offer some interesting options outside of your typical brunch fair.  It's relatively reasonable at $22 for everything including a "well" bloody mary.  The brunch starts with a delicious assortment of warm bread from the in house bakery served with three flavored butters.  I believe they are one with "crunchy" sugar, apricot and strawberry.  I like the crunchy one the best and quite frankly could have made a meal out of the bread and butter alone.  The buffet portion (if you will) has some fun options such as a great antipasta platter, all cheese and meats served at the perfect temperature with some house made pickles.  Also, there is a nice frittata (think italian omelette) along with a couple assorted salads and fruit.  You then have your choice of about a dozen main courses...everything from there famous pasta tasting trio for those who really want to "carb up" to beef tenderloin and chicken.  Annie orders this DELICIOUS duck pasta.  I don't think it's on the traditional brunch menu but it is soft pillows of al dente' pasta stuffed with a savory mix of duck and spices served in a small bowl with a dusting of cheese.  It was quite good.  I order the chicken livers, which are flavorful quick seared chicken livers, about medium rare served with polenta and fried onions.  I'm not a big polenta fan and the dish could have used some sauce, but overall it was a nice flavorful brunch.  You also get to peruse the dessert menu for the $22, but we skipped it.  We found the food quite good and the service outstanding.  Now, granted the boss was there so it was everyones "A game"...I don't care even without the best efforts I'm guessing this will become a somewhat regular stop for us.
5	You can count on ONE hand the restaurants that serve fresh food.  Honestly.  Lidia's is one of them.  Most restaurants in our fair city order supplies from "food service" companies; they come frozen and ready to "heat and serve."   Or they're chain restaurants with pre-packaged meals (to "protect the 'quality' of the product") from the central "food factory."   Lidia's?  All the food is hand-made from fresh ingredients in the kitchen of the restaurant.  And under the watchful eye of Lidia herself who seems to visit Pittsburgh quite often to maintain quality control.  I adore the frico and the pasta trio offerings.  The salads are fresh and vibrant.  And the "under $30" wine list is a blessing.  Over the years, I've had most of what's offered on the menu and I've NEVER been disappointed by either the quality of the food or the price.  And the portions are generous.  If that's not enough, the staff -- host/hostesses, servers, bartenders, mgmt -- are first-rate: friendly, responsive and on-the-mark.  One night, my wife and I stopped by simply to have drinks and appetizers. We sat at the bar and began to chat with the bartender about wine.  We ended up tasting several red wines and learning about some terrific wines priced under $20 at the state liquor store.  What a resource HE turned out to be!My only warning: holidays can be tough at Lidia's: Valentine's Day, Easter, Mother's Day, New Year's Eve, etc.   They usually have a fixed-price menu offering those days and they tend to be overwhelmed by the number of people who come to eat there.  The service and the food quality suffers as a result.  My advice?  Avoid the holidays and stop by on a weeknight for a dinner experience unlike you've ever had.   Linger and enjoy the desserts.  Soak in the atmosphere.  Chat with the staff.  Still the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.  No doubt about it.
3	I dont feel it is worth the money. the drinks are entirely overpriced and the food was just ok. Nothing special
4	My husband and I had the pleasure of dining at Lidia's on Thanksgiving day.  The food was good.  No Butterball turkey here!  Staff is friendly and we were seated right away.  The waiter timed it perfectly on each course.  We weren't rushed or did we have to sit awhile between each course.  Great wine flight!  The ambiance is lovely and the tables weren't close together.
4	I grew up watching Lidia's TV show as a kid.  So of course when I found out she had a restaurant in Pittsburgh I just HAD to try it out.The biggest selling point of Lidia's is probably their service.  People say ti's a good "date spot" mainly b/c of the atmosphere and service.  Their wait staff definitely has been trained to the attentive, but at times it can be overly done and I feel like I'm a part of a weeknight sitcom.For appetizers, get their grilled octopus.  I've heard good things about their chicken livers, but I've never tried it myself.  Their fritto misto is prepared well, but not excessively special.Their pasta tasting trio is always a great way if it's your first time at Lidia's; they always have two house-made pastas and one imported from Italy.  From my experience, I've always enjoyed their housemade varieties, especially their pappardelle and gnocci (when available).  Their ravioli's are typically pretty good too.  The imported pastas just don't seem to reach that perfect al dente "bite" fresh pastas can achieve.Their ossobuco is a giant braised lamb shank that is fork tender and flavorful in a dark rich sauce.  It seems to be a popular dish, as the last time I was at Lidia's they were out of it.On an ending note: Lidia's does take reservations (just visit their website or hop onto Opentable and rack up those dining points), but I've never had an issue getting a seat without reservations.
2	If you like the Olive Garden, you'll LOVE Lidia's!  We were a party of two on a Sunday night -- the restaurant was moderately busy.  Our server was a bit of a space cadet.  We had to stop another waiter to ask for more water...I was never offered a refill on my diet coke (which sat empty for over 30 minutes).The salmon was very good, but drenched in so much olive oil and garlic that an oil slick was left on the plate at the end of the meal.  The pasta tasting was....kind of weird.  One of the selections tasted like feet, the other tasted like something I could make at home with a bottle of Prego.  The best was a mushroom ravioli in olive oil -- but there was so much oil (see a theme?) I had to scrape it off before eating.Long story short, we passed on dessert.   The food was adequate, the service was sub-par, and it was just kind of a "meh" experience.I won't go back.
5	I had the pasta trio which is basically three different types of pasta with unlimited servings, with a salad to start and a desert to finish. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. The salad was a good Cesar salad that you can replace with an arugula salad if you choose. It started the meal off nice. But the real treat was the pasta...all three kinds were fantastic, served family style, but the best one was the ravioli with pear and ricotta. It was to die for...everyone at the table was getting multiple servings of those and they weren't heavy, just were absolutely delicious!Oh, before I continue, we got a variety of wine. I had a white Pinot Grigio that was right on point...the servers will help you, but at this classic Italian restaurant, the wine fit the billing.Finally, I got a sorbet variety for desert and was surprised with how tasty the balsamic gelato was. The initial thought was that it'd taste like balsamic vinegar, but it has the sweet taste of balsamic without the bitterness of the vinegar like we're used to. It was my favorite of the three ice cream's I was given.The atmosphere was serene and Lidia, who has a show on the Food Network, clearly takes a lot of pride in the integrity and service as both were impeccable.Prices are on the higher side but certainly manageable. I hope to be in Pittsburgh again so I can go to Lidia's. I went with a group of 10 or so and we sat around a big table and never felt out of place or as if we were disrupting people. It's 100 percent Italian and I love it!
4	Had a wonderful dinner here after a week of being snowed in.  The heavy snow on the awning outside this restaurant gave it a festive look and I couldn't wait to enter!  The decor here is open and warehouse like with high ceilings-very appropriate to the Strip District area-but with the blown glass chandeliers dripping from the ceiling, the fireplace and warm colors, Lidia's is modern yet as warm and welcoming as any Italian household I've had the pleasure to visit and eat in.The menu had a lot of traditional Italian fare and I was pleasantly surprised to see they had cabbage rolls too!  Everyone recommends the trio of pasta sampler, but I elected to go with their Monday night Tuscan prix fixe because the side offered was roasted butternut squash and who doesn't love THAT on a cold night looking outside at the blankets of white snow?!The bread comes with a plate of some olive oil topped by a scoop of garbanzo bean and pesto and another small scoop of white beans blended with kalamata olives.  Divine!My anitpasti course was described as lobster and shrimp brushcetta.  I got worried when what was served to me was half burnt toast with cold seafood salad mush on it.  My entree was a sliced beef dish that is typically served this side of rare, but I DID ask if I had it well-done would it be horrible.  The server reassured me, but it was very dry, so I learned my lesson there, BUT the butternut squash was HEAVEN.My little pasta trio sampler course wasn't really anything over the top spectacular, but neat to try.  This IS a step up from The Olive Garden, but perhaps my expectations were so great that it just fell short of fabulous.Dessert MORE than made up for it!  The ladies I was dining with had the tiramisu and the meyer lemon panna cotta which made my whole face implode with pucker!  My biscotti was a delicate sampling of Italian style cookies that make Starbucks biscotti look like Chips Ahoy.  With a shot of ice cream affogato it took me all the way back to Roma!  Not to mention our charming sommelier Franco was very friendly and a joy to chat with!  In fact, all the servers and host and staff were extremely attentive and friendly DESPITE having probably had a very hectic Vday weekend!  If I'm ever back in Pittsburgh, I'll be returning for more espresso and ice cream and Franco!
4	At Lidia's you can have either a fine-dining experience with a three, or four, or five course meal, or you can have a more casual evening with your basic entree and bread basket.  My boyfriend and I went for the latter.  I had the Traditional Manicotti for $14 and he got the swordfish for $25. We also shared a caesar salad for $7.50.The food was great.  The bread was as fresh and tasty as you can get (except for the weird cracker sticks, but there were two other exceptionally delicious bread varieties to make up for it).  The ambiance was gorgeous and warm, with a lovely riverside view.  If you want good food and an inviting, romantic atmosphere, Lidia's is a great option.They lose one star for the service.  It was TOO MUCH.  The wait-staff buzzed in and out like busy bees that we wanted to swat away.  It made the meal less relaxed and more rushed.  There was our primary server who continually asked ad nauseum if everything was okay.  Then there was the water guy.  Then there was the bread guy.  Then there was the soda guy and the coffee gal.  Then there was the plate clearer.  Then there was the silverware replacer.  It felt like someone came by every 3 minutes.  Finally, as soon as I set down my fork, the plate clearer asked if he could take my leftovers away.  That really felt like he was saying, "Time for you to leave so the next party can sit down."  Not cool!But as much as I complain about the buzzing bees, they were quite friendly bees and the food and atmosphere were outstanding.  I had a lovely meal there and would go again!
5	came here for the weekend brunch. really good, but i wasn't too impressed w/ my entree (the pasta trio - the broccoli one was kind of watery, tasted like it was seasoned only w/ salt, and then i didnt like the ravioli at all, the cheese was too smelly for me and then the linguini was alrite but also kind of watery)i REALLY liked the butter that came w/ the bread - 3 kinds, crunchy sugar or something, apricot and strawberry; the appetizer table was really good too - caesar salad yummy, cured meats, soup was bleh, but it was a good variety and all you can eatthe desserts also were really good. had cookies, tangerine panna cotta, tiramisu (which everyone kept snatching up so if you see it, just grab it even if youre not ready for dessert), this brownie thing was REALLY good also. the almond cake wasn't as moist as i would have hoped... my bf got the gnocchi w/ duck and that was really good. a LOT in terms of portion size$24 1 entree and all you can eat appetizer and dessert. pretty good deal! but not your every-weekend brunch place
5	Best dining experience in Pittsburgh during our short stay. Bread - nice assortment of cold focaccia and cheese grissini (skinny bread sticks) served with two white bean spreads (kalamata and pesto). YUM. Insalata Mista ($8). They split the salad without even asking (cool!) and the Frisee was topped with vinegary red onion strings, artichokes, and a roasted Roma tomato. Double yum with more bread. They also do a Caesar, a beet and goat cheese salad and an arugula, pear, and Gorgonzola salad (all about the same price). Pasta - WILD boar ravioli (yes you have to say it with emphasis). Slightly sweet pulled pork in what was obviously homemade pasta sheets ($16). Interesting and good quality. Second Piatti - Oven baked calamari ($17) dusted with breadcrumbs served over fava beans in a thyme, red pepper and escarole sauce. In a bite, both mild and spicy. Delicious!!! No room for dessert. Friends ate the trio of pasta (no rave reviews here, much like other yelpers, which may be due to the fact that they obviously make larger batches and dish them out of the pan at your table... not ideal for al dente pasta, but a good value if you want to try more dishes). Cannelloni got a thumbs up, but two members of the group raved about the asparagus and crab risotto (which may have been seasonal). We did not have to wait for a table. Service was prompt and friendly. Great ambiance. Delicious food at a very reasonable price considering the pastas were homemade. Lots of seasonal specials. Can't go wrong here (unless you do the trio of pastas, apparently). Thanks Yelpers for the tip before we went!
5	Went here for a quick lunch on a Friday at 12:35. We were seated right away. Had chicken panini and pasta trio. Super! Highly recommend the pear and cheese ravioli. Service was fantastic!
4	The entire balcony of old ladies paused to gawk at my companion with green hair as we were seated in the main dining room for sunday brunch.  He looked at me like I was crazy when I opted to take the bloody mary instead of continue to nurse my  2-day hangover.Our waitress was robotic and efficient.  After ordering the pasta sampler as my entree, I loaded a small plate of munchies at the antipasti table.  My favorite?  The ceasar salad.  Big fat lettuce leaves coated with fresh dressing and imported, shredded cheese.  A staple food really well done.Then as my buddy's meal came, a bare plate was set in front of me, and 30 seconds later a nice man approached my table and scooped pasta directly out of a skillet onto my plate.  It happened twice more, in quick succession.  I was left with an arrabiata fetticuine noodle (light and obviously made fresh in the kitch), a handful of asparagus-pea ravioli in a buttery sauce, and a heavy orchettie with sausage.  All three were exceptionally yummy, though when I was finished with the meal, there was a decent amount of sausage pasta left on my plate.I would definitely eat here again, but for the price, not on a regular basis.
4	My dearest Lidia,Hello! How are you? How's Manhattan? Is PBS treating you well? Is your wallet getting fatter by the second? I hope so. I finally dropped by your restaurant in Pittsburgh's Strip District this evening. I know you've been begging me to check it out for years, but quite frankly, I just haven't been in the mood for pasta. You know how I am... carbs and all. You know, I must give you props for the restaurant's layout. The fancy wall art, the color of the paint... I must say Rockwell did a very good job, and watching the sun set over the Allegheny River while dining on our meal was simply delightful. At the behest of our server, each of my dining companions and I ordered the prix fixe pasta and a few antipasti. The antipasti were lovely - the lightly seasoned calamari was divine and the fresh mozzarella and olive platter was splendid. A terrific way to start the meal.Now Lidia, I know you'll never indulge me, but what on earth is in the dressing on your Caesar salad? It's smashing! There's definitely a hint of pear in it, but other than that, I'm flummoxed. Oh, and the imported cheese really bolstered the salad, sending a usually ho-hum affair into the stratosphere. You've really outdone yourself, my dear. And then came the prix fixe pasta trio. Lidia, darling, you know I'm a fan, but it really wasn't your best effort. The imported eggplant was overpowered by the tomato sauce, and the broccoli and sausage rabe was good but not great. Only the goat cheese-stuffed ravioli was better than average, but just marginally. Our server informed us that the ravioli was infused with thyme, but spank my bottom if I didn't taste a thing! Over all, not your best showing. Dessert was quite sterling - the strawberry panna cotta was perfectly prepared, although a bit much with the cookies. Really, who has room for all that. I know you chide me constantly with your incessant "mangia, Joe, mangia!", but I had really eaten far too much and the champagne had gone to my head as well. So there you have it: my visit to your restaurant in Pittsburgh. Not quite five stars, but certainly not 3 stars. I'll give you a four this time, if only for the blandness of the prix fixe. Do give my love to Joseph and don't be a stranger. We haven't chatted on Skype in ages!Kisses,Joe
4	I have to start every Italian restaurant review by saying that in general, I'm not a fan of Italian food. What I ordered was actually not very Italian. I had a salmon BLT sandwich. I thought it was pretty good and a heaping mound of food that took me a bit longer than I thought to finish. I probably wouldn't try the pasta trio since it didn't look that special and you can't eat that much pasta to make the unlimited servings worthwhile. Service is pretty good.
4	Arriving at the midpoint of the lunch hour we were surprised to find the restaurant less than 1/4 full.  With the bar empty and only one section being seated be claimed our reservation and were led quickly to a table near the large glass windows - an excellent view of the river would be our companion throughout the meal.  Meeting our waiter, a friendly man named Chendo we were given menus and a brief explanation of the daily special pastas for the Pasta Trio.  With the restaurant quite slow that day I will note we were very well taken care of throughout out meal - the service staff was excellent.Browsing the high ceilinged room, randomly placed bottles and objects, and abundant brightly colored glass panels plus Chihuily influenced chandeliers I have to say Lidia's is a very handsome restaurant - it has that "wow" factor of many New York City dining rooms.  While the white paper over white tablecloth aspect of the table setting struck me as odd, everything else felt "fine dining" without seeming forced.Sitting and waiting for our meals to arrive we were first delivered one of the better bread baskets I've had in recent memory - Sea Salt Foccacia, Rustic Italian, and Cracked Wheat Sourdough served with two spreads, a Chick Pea Pesto and pureed White Beans with Black Olive, both resting in a pool of slightly sweet extra virgin olive oil.  Served warm the breads were tantalizing and given the size of the portions soon to be arriving it was definitely a chore not to overindulge (a chore I failed, miserably.)For our main courses my mother opted for a salad and a contorti while Erika and I chose pastas.  For myselfthe choice was quite simple - my favorite pasta and my favorite protein on the same plate, Gnocchi with Duck Guazetto.  An Italian Stew not unlike Chicken Cacciatore, but featuring duck in white wine instead of Chicken in Red the thick reduction was hearty, meaty, smoky, and laden with vegetables.  Paired with a toothsome yet non-doughy potato gnocchi the dish was not only enormous, but incredibly filling.  While I will admit I ate a lot of bread and helped my mother and sister  with their plates I can say that this was one dish I couldn't finish, it was just too large.For Mother's selection she opted for the Roasted Beet and Apple Salad with Frisee and Fresh Goat Cheese plus the Pan Seared Golden Polenta Fritters.  A competent salad with sweet apples balancing earthy beets and pungent goat cheese the dish was brought together by a splash of balsamic and olive oil, ample in size and flavor, very nicely done.  Not fairing quite as well as the Salad were the Fritters - nicely prepared and crispy on the outside with creamy polenta within, they simply lacked flavor.Erika's selection would be the signature Pasta Trio - three pastas plated tableside with unlimited refills.  Admittedly the concept sounds somewhat "Olive Garden" but that is before you realize two of the pastas are made in house and one is imported direct from Italy...and all the sauces are made daily in the kitchen, as well.  Served up onto a single large platter the daily selections  would be hand torn Tagliatelle and Pork Ragu, Imported Orchiette with Fennel Sausage and Thyme, and house folded Sweet Pea and Corn Ravioli with Cream Sauce.  Enormous in portion I cannot really fathom anyone requiring seconds of the trio and at a mere $14 the selections were excellent.  Smoky and Sweet the Pork Ragu complimented the al dente Tagliatelle nicely while the aromatic sausage was an equally balanced flavor for the Orchiette.  The most impressive of the group, the sweet pea and corn ravioli, was sweetened only by the vegetal components while the cream itself had notes of cinnamon and nutmeg.Arriving simultaneously and thankfully smaller than the entrees was Torta di Mandorle e Mirtilli - Blueberry and almond cake, blueberry-lavender ice cream, almond crunch, blueberries. .  If a little is good a lot is better seemed to be the theme of this dessert and it worked nicely - the fresh blueberries lacing the buttery pound cake, the flowery accent to the blueberry ice cream, and the crunchy sugared almonds paired with even more blueberries - excellent.The second dessert, larger in size but lighter in texture, would be Panna Cotta alla Fragola - Strawberry and ricotta panna cottas, lemon-strawberry sandwich cookies, fresh strawberries.  Served in a 12oz glass better suited for a milkshake the panna cotta was surprisingly springy and well blended with a more gelatin strawberry base topped by an ample creamy layer of whipped cream and ricotta.  Unnecessary but welcomed the lemony cookies were much akin to a shortbread in texture and Madeline in flavor.Having heard "upscale Olive Garden" comparisons I personally find that assessment far from accurate and would actually go so far as to say that aside from the lack of seasoning the the experience was on par with many fine dining Italian establishments in other cities.
2	When the bookends of your meal are the only strong points then you aren't going to score strongly in my book.  The salad was very good as were the breadsticks and bread with sea salt on the top.  As for the main entrees that my girlfriend and I had...let's just say they left a little to be desired.  The pasta trio sounded good until I heard that almost everyone had mushrooms in it.  Lidia's is definitely that italian restaurant that is trying too hard to be cutting edge.  Why not go with some standard italian dishes?  Their menu doesn't include really any.  My girlfriend tried to play it safe with the lasagna bolognese and they should have just called that a mountain of over-salted meat.  There couldn't have been more than two sheets of pasta and two tablespoons of sauce in that dish.  There is nothing worse than dry lasagna and if my girlfriend wanted to eat just meat she would have ordered just meat.  Lasagna does in fact call for pasta.  I ordered the halibut with polenta.  I'll start with the polenta.  Basically I should have just eaten my napkin because that had more flavor than the polenta.  The dish came with San Marzano Tomatoes, Olives, and Capers over top of it and water passed off as sauce.  Nothing annoys me more than when someone tries to go crazy with a fish dish.  Let the fish do the talking.  There were so many onions and capers on it that I needed to really dig for the fish.  The halibut was good but it's a shame that the piece was incredibly small because the rest of the dish was subpar.The desserts were very good however.  We went with the Tiramisu and Semifreddo di Cioccolato e Caramello (Milk Chocolate and carmel ice creams, chocolate cake, toasted meringue, crushed toffee).  The decor was definitely cool inside too.  Maybe those light fixtures would have tasted better than the lasagna?Lidia's, the trying too hard, portion controlled spot in Pittsburgh.
4	Was visiting Pittsburgh a few weeks ago and happened upon Lidia's mostly by accident.A happy accident, for sure.Lidia's has a nice selection of various pastas but their main attraction appears to be the Pasta Trio, where each day three different types of pastas are selected, each type having a waiter/waitress assigned to walking around and making sure you've got as much of it as you like, sort of the same thing gauchos do in Brazilian steakhouses.My friends got the Trio and were quite happy with it.  I went safe with the lasagna, which was perfectly cheesy and saucy.Dessert had a name I can't remember, but it was a kind of chocolate/caramel ice cream with a toasted marshmellow coating around it and little bits of toffee.  I shouldn't have eaten it all but my arm and my mouth conspired against me.  Jerks.A nice ambiance and friendly waitstaff certainly don't hurt.  Next time I'm in Pittsburgh, I think I'll be seeing Lidia again, and I don't care who knows!
4	This was a must try during my trip to Pittsburgh.  I am glad I heard of it and twice as glad that I had the taste experience.  The have a unique and great Caesar Salad.  The Pasta Trio is a sample of three different pasta dishes the chef creates each evening.  After tasting the three dishes you decide how many more portions you have of either or all dishes.  The three were very good, but I had a second portion of only one.  Desserts are fabulous and I mean each and every one.  There were seven in my party and every person raved about the desserts.I would have given Lidia's 5 Stars, however, the server dropped some pasta into the pan while he was serving us and a few drops of the olive oil splashed out onto another diner's shirt and onto my pants.  The server's response to the accident was "Sorry Guys."  Would I go back? Most definitely!  Lidia I hope you open up a restaurant out here in CA!
5	Just about my fave restaurant in the burgh.You can't go wrong at Lidia's, whether you go for Sunday brunch or a nice evening out. It's Italian food worth going out for, friendly staff, and a beautiful space in the strip.
2	During a recent roadtrip to Pittsburgh our party of three found ourselves tired and ready for something delicious for dinner with the caveat that it had to be walking distance from our hotel. We consulted Yelp and decided to try out Lidia's for dinner. The place is located on the fringes of the Strip and has nice clean feel to it. That's about as good as things got for me personally. The service was not very good. We were seated and ignored for about 15 minutes although the dining room was almost empty. A bread basket was placed on the table, but the bread was not very good. Once our waiter did come, (he looked like a Mafia Don) it took another 10 minutes to get our drinks. I ordered the grilled octopus on a bed of potatoes and an heirloom tomato salad, both appetizers, as my meal. The tomatoes were not ripe and unfortunately did not have enough acid of any kind on them so that flavor was quite bland. There was no salt or pepper on the table, and no pepper was offered either. The octopus was bland but quite tender and fresh.My husband ordered the salmon which he thought was good but a bit overcooked overall -- nothing to write home about. The third person in our party ordered the pork porter house which was very tasty.Based on fellow Yelpers we ordered the strawberry pannacotta for desert but unfortunately they had none at 7:30! We settled for cookies and a tiramisu. We left overall feeling disappointed in the service and the quality of the food.
4	We went to treat A's parents for their anniversary - his mom has been obsessed with this lady forever. I had an amazing lobster risotto, A had the osso bucco, and his mom tried the pasta trio, which was divine. His dad had something spicy and in marinara sauce...looked godd. Neat atmosphere, and knowledgeable waitstaff...
4	Get the pasta trio, you won't regret it.  Big heaping portions of fresh pasta delivered to your plate as soon as you have space available. Mmm.  And we went on a Saturday night with no reservations and we're seated in 5 minutes.
4	I'm not a big Italian fan, but since we are up north where the best Italian is, I wanted to try it. Breads were served with strawberry, apricot, and crunchy sugar butter. That was great. We were in for brunch on Sunday. I had the Filet and was not super impressed with the meat, but the potato wedges were quite tasty. Then dessert, I loved most, but the almond/hazelnut cristota was to die for. Hubby had Pasta Trio and was satisfied. Would go back.
4	Fine Italian dining at a reasonable price and by reasonable, I mean, it's less expensive than a Michelin  starred French restaurant. The atmosphere is pretty fancy...high ceilings, white table clothes, snooty looking hosts and waiters, however, looks are deceiving. This is a family-style restaurant, disguised as a fine dining. We went here with 6 adults and 2 young children...arriving a little too early for dinner, they let us wait inside. I was hoping they'd give us some free appetizers, but no such luck =(. They seated us right at 5p and seats started filling up fast, so it was probably a good idea we got there early. We ordered 5 of the pasta trios and I ordered the Zuppe di Pesce (seafood stew). The pasta was good...I wouldn't say it was amazing, but definitely worth the price...$20 for just the pasta, but yo u can add a ceasar salad and desert for I think $7. For people that don't know, everyday, there are 3 different pasta dishes the chef makes for this pasta trio. They have servers for each of the individual pastas (pretty neat IMO). They give you a sampling of the 3 at first, which, quite honestly was plenty. Then you can pick one, two or even all three for the subsequent rounds. I don't know if it's all you can eat, but even the big eaters were done after their 3rd plate. There is a child's menu, but our kids eat like birds, so we asked if they could have a little of the pasta. The servers were very accomodating...bringing everyone plates to share. My wife ordered the pasta trio with a salad and desert. The ceasar was perfect (she shared it with me) and she had tiramisu that was probably the best we've ever had. The Zuppe di pesce (my entree) was AMAZING...I'm a seafood lover though. Overall, I'd say this is an upgraded version of Olive Garden...which is NOT a bad thing.
5	This is one of my most favorite brunch places in Pgh! My girlfriends and I would go here over other prix-fixe brunch places at Shadyside because of the value you get. You have a whole antipasti table, full-sized entree and a dessert table plus coffee+bloodymary or mimosa. All under $25. And that IS a lot of food! I took my boyfriend there, and this boy eats a lot! He was full and couldn't even get to dessert. (Well yea he is a boy and may be not that into sweets, but still).The flavors of the food are really good and satisfying. I truly recommend the chicken dish on the brunch menu, the grilled octopus and the gnocchi (which not being a pasta fan, I savored). I hear the pasta is really good too! Also a great place to take company or out-of-towners too!
4	Lidia's Pittsburgh is a hidden gem in The Burgh.  Good food, ambiance, service and drinks.I ate at the bar and had the daily pasta trio with salad and dessert special for $29.  Tonight's (Mon, Oct 4) pasta trio was papardelle w/sausage and leeks, grilled peppers/eggplant and ricotta ravioli, and penne alla vodka.  The penne were cooked al dente just as I like it, but otherwise it was no different than most other penne alla vodka.  The ravioli were tasteful and obviously freshly made.  My favorite were the papardelle.  Very good!Chendo, the bartender, is very friendly and makes a great mojito.
5	I had their three pasta dinner in which they bring out to you endless amounts of their homemade or imported pasta dishes. Each one was absolutely delicious, and the service was wonderful.
4	Good food and beautiful space. My family and I were here the other night. We had gnocchi with duck; lamb chops; the fish of the day; grilled salmon and the pasta trio.The gnocchi with the duck was outstanding. The other entrees were very good. The pasta trio last night was slightly disappointing. Ravioli, Papardelle and Penne a la Vodka-lacked something. Overall, a nice meal. I would go back.
5	Lidia's is a Pittsburgh gem!  Not uptight in the least, but supremely accommodating and professional.  I would recommend the weekend brunch special (antipasto buffet, entree, dessert buffet, and a cocktail).  Very considerate of dietary restrictions: vegetarians and vegans.  Downright delicious with no frills!
2	Let's see....an Italian restaurant in Pittsburgh in the heart of the strip named after a woman with her own Italian cooking show? Should be great, right? Not so much.Went here recently and ordered the pasta trio, since this is apparently what one gets at Lidias. Perhaps I went on the wrong day, but I thought that the three pastas (bolognese sauce, pesto sauce, and gnocchi with sage butter) were underwhelming. At the very least, there are Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh that offer much better food for a similar price.The one positive to Lidia's was the dessert - which was fantastic. I had a bite of a chocolate torte, and was very impressed. The coffee with grappa was also quite nice.All things told, though, I would spend my money elsewhere.
3	Review would be 4.5 for food and 2 for service. Great pasta trio, salads, and desserts. The issues with service were:- It took 10 minutes to get menus and to get a wine order in. - Requested refill of bread spreads never happened, even with a second reminder. - When my sister inquired about the fish of the day, the waiter firmly and quickly said 'there is none.' It is hard to convey the rudeness in a review, but our table certainly exchanged looks about this behavior. - Fruit flies were in evidence, and ended up in our wine bottle. They replaced the bottle, and we kept it corked. A great meal taken down several notches by inferior service.
3	I was really excited to go to Lidia's while in Pittsburgh for work.  Had some drinks at the bar and they have an extensive Italian wine list.   Our service was a little delayed but once our waiter was available he was knowledgeable and continued to check on us. He was a little awkward but attentive.  The mussels were a little "fishy" to my taste but the remaining dishes we ordered were great and so were the bread bowl options.  I enjoyed a gnocchi special.  The pasta trio is typically the recommended choice but I wasn't in the mood for what was prepared that day.Overall I would give it a B.
4	Oh Lidia, oh Lida, oh have you met Lidia, oh Lidia the tattoo'd lady....Show tunes aside because I have no idea if the Lidia of Lidia's even has a tattoo, this place is a gem. My boyfriend and I came here based on a recommendation. We were hungry and early for our reservation, so we sat, ate and drank at the bar for a while. On a Saturday night, this place is rockin - so dont even try coming in here without a reservation - unless you want to sit at the bar. The bar was surprisingly not busy. One of the bartenders was a lot more attentive than the other and even helped me find a wine to pair with my appetizer. Once sat at our table we switched from cocktails to wine. Decent wine list (I say decent because I will never spend more than $40 on a bottle of wine and they had some options in that category). The bread basket was amazing. We both ordered the pasta trio with the salad and dessert. Our server was great - helpful and attentive, through our reservation on Open Table, we were able to list allergies, he made very sure that what we ordered didnt include anything that we might die from (thank you!). My only complaint about my experience was that bussers didnt really bus until after patrons left the table- my empty bread basket sat at my table for the entire meal, as did a wine glass, an empty cocktail glass....Bread + pasta trio = CARB OVERLOADI rolled out of this place very happy. A great local place when in the 'burgh.
4	If you're new to the steel city, and want consistently superb modern Italian, this is your place.  The menu has standards you grew up loving, as well as modern dishes and new twists on classic gems!  The staff is attentive and informative without being overbearing; the wine list is extensive, and the well drinks are stiff...
2	I went here on a crowded saturday night with a large party (8 people at our table.) I ordered the spicy calamari. It was not spicy. It was overcooked, like rubber, and served on plain white beans. Yuck. I won't go back. My boyfriend had the seafood dish. Most of his seafood was also overcooked and tasteless.
5	I've been to Pittsburgh a couple of times and I make it a point to stop here for dinner at least once a trip. Excellent atmosphere, excellent service and excellent food at an excellent price. Favorites include the Cozze, Lydia's Past Trio, the Cannelloni, the Gnocchi and Bonnet alla Zucca. Just don't load up on the bread or you won't have room for your dinner.
5	I want the pasta trio in ma' belly now! It's hands down the best dish you can get there. Three deeeeliscious pasta's served to you in a never ending skillet! What other wimpy pasta's can compete with that? The OG (short for Olive Garden) doesn't hold a spaghetti noodle to this place! I swear you to you I haven't seen the same noodle twice here. They always seem to serve up a dish with some crazy looking pasta that they say the name of and I can never remember. But obviously the best thing about it is the sauce! Oh, the sauce! Meat sauce, sweet sauce, lemon, butter, the list goes on and on. I'll never forget the first time I fell in the love there. I fell in love with this out of this world pumpkin ravioli. I'll never forgot you pumpkin ravioli, NEVER! (This was all said looking wistfully out the window like in a movie montage). But don't fear if you need something other than pasta (I don't know why, but let's roll with it). I attended a party there once and we had a a three course meal. First we had a delish caesar salad, which was on the lemony side, just the way I like it! Then we had a choice between meats and a fish and I tried the fillet. It was...to. Die. For! I was very pleasantly surprised that my non-pasta meal was so utterly satisfying. Then came the light and fluffy tiramisu. Now I was officially in heaven! We were also sent home with a goodie bag that included Lidia's Eggplant Pasta Sauce. I tried it a couple days later and it was great! It's a red sweet sauce with a tiny kick to it. I loved that it had eggplant in it because it was something different than your normal meatie balls and sauce combination. And lastly, the ambiance is very unique. There's huge windows in the front to gaze out at well, a parking lot. But they're tinted so you have a nice intimate vibe going on. There's also a huge glass Chihuly chandelier hanging in the middle of the restaurant that's gorge! So please, convert over from the OG, you will not be disappointed. And don't worry, they DO give free bread sticks!
3	After finding a babysitter for the night, I took my wife to Lidia's in the Strip District for a Valentine's Day date (a day early).   While we had been to Lidia's once before for a wine tasting, we had never eaten there.As an appetizer, we shared a delicious Fritto Misto with housemade sausage and apple.  Before we ordered it, we were slightly worried that they apple may be too much, but it actually gave a nice balance to the dish.For our entrees, my wife ordered the gnocchi with braised duck ragout while I opted for the Osso Bucco di Maiale.  I was happy with but not blown away by the Osso Bucco.  It was a huge portion and we ended up taking some home with us.  My wife loved the gnocchi though, so next time I will order a pasta for my entree.The wine list is extensive and we shared a wonderful bottle of Chianti that was on a special Valentine's Day wine list.  Lidia's is definitely a great romantic date place and will be on our list to visit again soon.
3	Very fancy decor.  Service is top notch.I had the pasta trio because it looked so delicious!  In actuality, it wasn't as great.  The texture of the pasta was not pleasant.  Mine seemed more uncooked and quite hard to the bite.  I didn't know al dente was this rough..The taste was unrefined like it was packaged and not thoroughly mixed for one of the pastas.  Another had too much salt and butter for my liking.  Of the three pastas, only one was done moderately well and tastes just as good (marinara sauce).However, for three unlimited pastas, you can't go wrong. I was satisfied, even with the minor problems.  I guess at some point I truly value quantity over quality.I do gotta say that I also tried a bit of the Gnocchi dish and that was superb.  Very fresh ingredients and each bite was incredibly fulfilling.  Next time I would try more of their signature dishes instead of the pasta trio dish because it is more than likely of sub-par quality when compared to the rest of the items on the menu due to its buffet feat.
5	I'll be honest, when I go out to eat, usually Italian is the last option on my mind.  While I enjoy it at times, I rarely have cravings for it.  I've been to Lidia's twice now because the people I'm with wanted to go.  But each time I've been thrilled with my dining experience.  The service has been great and the food has been excellent.  I typically don't like tomato based pasta sauces which at Lidia's is no problem because they have such a wide selection of pasta and sauces.  I've had the pasta trio each time that I've gone and I've really enjoyed it.  I've also tried some of the other dishes from the people I'm with and they all have been great.  Really enjoyed the Wild Boar Ravioli - delish!If your in the Strip and happen to stroll by Lidia's you should check it out b/c you won't be disappointed.  I'll also add, that I'm not a big Tiramisu fan, but Lidia's is the only place that I not only eat Tiramasu but I enjoy it and becomes by dessert of choice.
4	My coworker had been recommending Lidia's to me for a while, and I'm glad I listened to her and brought my family here for dinner last week.  We had a wonderful Italian meal, and one of the better dining experiences in Pittsburgh so far.We had a reservation on Saturday night around 6 pm, and used their valet service ($5?  $6?  I forget).  We were seated right away, and we all admired the gorgeous dining room space.  It seems to have been built in an old warehouse - the ceiling is massively high, and there's gorgeous Mondrian-esque glass over the bar.  Very stylish!  I should also say right off the bat that our server was outstanding.  Friendly, funny, and knowledgeable, he was one of the best parts of the whole experience.  He helped us choose a wine which we all enjoyed, and he poured it skillfully.  He was also helpful to us at various points throughout the meal - for example, four of us began with the Insalata di Rucola (split two salads between four people, and they came on separate plates).  The salad sounded amazing, with arugula, pear, walnuts, and gorgonzola (get in mah belleh) but we all noticed that there was quite a lack of...well, pear.  We all had maybe one measly little wedge, and it definitely kept the salad from being as yummy as it should have been.  So we told our server about it, and he immediately brought out a plate full of pear slices.  Redeemed!  And the salad became delicious.My entree was the Ravioli di Cinghale (ravioli filled with wild boar, in a rosemary sauce) and it was pretty delicious.  Three big raviolis, filled with succulent meat (think pulled pork, but Italian and well-spiced).  The sauce was very very light, but still flavorful.  My dad got the Pasta Trio, and it was hilariously awesome to watch three different guys come by with big bowls, delivering their delicious wares to his plate.  He had a lot of fun with that.  My mom loved her sea bass as well.  Dad's pasta trio came with a dessert, so he got the Crostata di Pere, a sugary pear maple dessert which I think was good, but I don't have really strong memories of it so clearly it didn't bowl me over.All in all, it was a very good meal with some truly excellent service.  We felt cared for and comfortable, and our bellies were full.  What more could we ask for?
4	Being a huge Bastianich fan, I was stoked to finally dine at Lidia's Pittsburgh.  Entering the restaurant, you automatically feel impressed.  It's spacious yet feels warm, inviting, and comfortable.  There are beautiful touches and accents everywhere and the designer was not afraid to use color, tastefully.  I was ready to feast!I ordered the polipo (grilled octopus) which was tender and flavorful thanks to the zesty vinaigrette.  My osso bucco (braised pork shank) on a bed of barley risotto was easily the tastiest thing I ate that night being succulent, flavorful and utterly tender.  That's not to demean my companion's hearty and tasty mushroom soup or his grilled salmon which was prepared quite nicely.   I ordered the budino di nutella (nutella pudding) for dessert.  It looked better on the menu unfortunately.  It was bit too heavy and rich.  Did I really say that?  Lesson learned...perhaps.  Probably not.Service is top notch.  We never waited and our food came out promptly.  Prices are extremely reasonable given the quality and copious portions they serve.  In fact, I think I went up a full pant size upon leaving.  Lidia's is a definite keeper.
3	Alright, so I've been to Lidia's a few times now and everytime I go, I get less and less impressed. The first time was great and I really enjoyed my meal (and the price). However, after going back and getting the same dish and ALSO trying their brunch- I would have to say that Lidia's wasn't as good as I originally thought it was. I personally find the pre-fixe brunch menu over priced, simply because you can get better brunch pre-fixe menus around the area for the same price. The pastas are OK- but I guess the last time I went it didn't taste as good as the first time! (I got the almond pesto spaghetti). The decor is great and I would say that the huge bar is most definitely impressive. Hopefully the next time I go back (if there is a next time) my opinion will change.
2	I was very disappointed with my meal here. I expected way more from Lidia's. As a regular viewer of the show I was expecting fresh / rustic Italian meals. What I ended up with was stuffed pasta that I'm 95% sure was reheated in a microwave, bland mains, and slow and inattentive service. The only highlight of the meal was the bread which was the only fresh ingredient used in the entire meal.
4	Happened to be in PIT for the weekend, and after a few drinks at a lounge on the Strip, were happy to score a reservation at Lidia's.  Seen her on TV many times and was really happy to have the chance to eat at one of her restaurants.  Appetizers: frico with house made sausage and broccoli rabe, fritto misto.  Both were good, with the frico being the standout for me.  Think rustic quesadilla, but the cheese is melted and fashioned into the shell.  Yum.  Main: Mushroom Stuffed Quails and Cotechino Sausage with Cannellini Beans and Swiss-Chard.  Loved it.  Dining companions enjoyed the pasta trio (neverending bowl of house-made selections) as well as the fish special (Brazilian tiger fish).  17 bucks for house-made pasta, and as much as you want, is a great deal.  No entree was priced over 26 bucks, which was fair.  Big portions for sure.Didn't have room for dessert or coffee, but the server brought out a complimentary biscotti plate served with an affogato "dipping sauce" for the group to share anyway. Very classy and was appreciated.Overall: a wonderfully warm-yet-modern dining room, attentive service, a great value, and a very good meal.  Would have to visit a few more times and eat some more things to give it the full five stars, but am absolutely looking forward to the opportunity to do just that.  Oh, the wine list, which is wholly Italian varietals, has a little something for everyone.  I s'pose son Joe B. had a little to do with that!Grazie, Lidia. I can now happily say that I have been able to accept your warm invitation at the end of each show (Tutti a tavola a mangiare).  Looking forward to the next opportunity.
4	I'm a BIG Lidia's fan, I try to go there every time I visit Pittsburgh. Some of the best atmosphere/ambiance you will find anywhere, almost like a Chihuly gallery. A little loud, but if you are cool with that, it's all good.However, my most recent visit dropped my rating from 5 stars to 4. The potato/lentil soup was bland. The pasta trio was really a pasta uno, because two of them weren't that great. Kind of a simple sundried tomato fettucini, not that good at all. Ravioli (which i was REALLY looking forward to) was mushy and over buttery. The only savior was the Rigatoni with sausage and peas.I won't let one trip drop my opinion too far. I recommend that you go there and try it yourself, and try the pasta trio. It's different every day, so I probably just went on a not so great day, especially compared to my previous visits.
5	My five stars come from a combination of food, service, ambiance and price. The service was attentive and professional, the food was very good. I had the pasta trio and liked two of them very much, the third was a bit ordinary, but delicious. The restaurant is lovely and in a great location. If service, ambiance and food were all I was taking into consideration, I'd probably have awarded four stars. The five stars reflect that all of this was had at very reasonable price.  I don't dine in Pittsburgh often, but to me, it seemed relatively inexpensive for the overall dining experience. I've certainly paid alot more for alot less. Good job, Lidia!
2	WAAAAY over priced and although their appetizers were good, I'm not sure if it's bc we went in August and the kitchen was hot and the cooks were sweating their butts off back there but they salted their pastas WAAAAY too much. One of the pastas in their trio had sun dried tomatoes and capers in it. You'd think they'd tone down the saltiness of the pasta to let the saltiness of the sundries tomatoes and capers pull it together but no. I felt like I was eating strands of salt.  The ambiance is great and their wine menu is extensive. Maybe it was a bad day but I think I can find better Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh with it's strong Italian roots.
3	Was really excited to try this since I watch her show and have enjoyed making her recipes.  But it was a disappointment and did not live up to my or my group's expectations.  Very ordinary Italian food.  Had brunch and tried a little of everything and it was ALL pretty plain and ordinary.  Don't go out of your way to try this place like I did
2	I was really looking forward to Lidia's.  And was really disappointed.  Bread was good. The cocktails were good.  The service was attentive and friendly (just don't get between a server dishing out the unlimited pasta and a hungry customer who clearly hadn't reached their limit with the unlimited servings).  Too bad the food wasn't good.  The beet salad was underwhelming.  I had the calamari which was rubbery and swimming in a tasteless chicken broth and white beans.  I felt even more sad for my dining companion who had such fond memories of the calamari.  I suspect such positive memories are no longer :(My other dining companion had the osso bucco which was dry and stringy.  Another disappointment.   And thus my rating of Meh. Which is a huge shame.  But life goes on...
3	Oh Lidia's!  How you've forsaken me!  I came here with a group of friends after having talked up the calamari entree.  Three out of five of us got it (the others had the osso buco and a pasta dish - the osso buco was good, and the pasta dish was a "meh") and I just wanted to put my face behind my hands and whimper out of embarrassment.  The dish was totally watered down and not flavorful at all.  I did ask for it to be made a little less spicy, and I think their solution to that was to dilute the sauce.  But, another one of us had the entree at full strength, and it wasn't much better!I was questioned as to whether I would come back again, and I suppose I would answer yes to that, but only if someone else wanted to go.  After this experience, I don't think I can face the disappointment another time.
4	Get the daily pasta special.. Can't beat it. Skip salad and dessert-won't have room
5	Order the pasta trio and you can't go wrong! I looove to go here for lunch and get the pasta trio. For lunch, you get unlimited servings of three different pastas (one of which is imported from Italy) brought out fresh and served table-side from the skillet plus soup or salad for $14. Their Caesar salad is delicious and they offer some unique soups which are a refreshing change from the normal wedding soup or minestrone. It might be on the high side for lunch but it's well worth it!   Warning:  you may want to nap when you get back to your desk.  They also serve fresh breads with spreads. I prefer the green spread which is a bean base and contains who knows what else. The dinner pasta trio is a little more expensive ($18 for just the pasta or $29.50 w/salad, trio and dessert). I've had soooo many different pastas there, I couldn't begin to name them all. Some of my favorites include the pear ravioli, goat cheese ravioli, penne a la vodka, penne arrabiata, gnocchi in a Gorgonzola sauce and the list continues. They typically serve one pasta that contains meat and two meatless pastas but they'll make a third meatless pasta for all those vegetarians out there. I don't typically order off the menu but I've had the salmon and been pleased. I also recommend their brunch. It's $25 per person and includes a variety of anti pasta (probably a rotating sample of 10 or so that includes anything from soup, Caesar salad, various other salads, meat trays, bean based dishes, marinated vegetables, quiche, etc), fresh breads with an assortment of flavored butters (strawberry jam butter is my fav), one mimosa or bloody mary, the pasta trio or some other entree, coffee or tea, and a table full of various desserts for sampling. You can't go wrong. We go here for brunch when family is visiting and everybody looooves it! I recommend making a reservation for brunch. They don't rush you through your meal which means that service can be a little slower than your typical restaurant but with the pasta trio in your future, you won't regret it.
4	Very good.  Great atmosphere for a date or special occasion.  The Pasta trio is always great.  On Sunday they offer family style for $25(Salad, Entree, Dessert).  Grilled Octopus, Lasagna, salads are very good.  Will be going back soon.
4	Ok, I'm giving this 4 stars because for what you got, I think it was a pretty good price.  Selection of breads and dips to go with it, salad was (too) huge.  Husband got the seafood soup/stew and he liked it a lot, I got the pasta sampler (all you can eat of a variety of daily pastas).  All were good, nothing that knocked my socks off though.  Appetizers were pretty big too.Overall, nice place for something a little different than your average italian at a fair price.  Place was nice, good location, walked here from our hotel.  Good, though for us, overwhelming wine selection.
3	Drove by, stopped for dinner without reservations on a Saturday night and they seated us which was great. I don't watch much TV and did not know Lidia is somebody famous. Anyway, the restaurant is gorgeous, service is very smooth and polished.  Food was just ok-bread was great.  The pasta trio that night was nothing to write home about-could have done just as well at Olive Garden.  We spent a lot of money (100.00 before tip) for 3 people with no deserts and no alcohol.  Lidia's is okay-nothing really to complain about, but I probably would not go there again.
4	Overall experience was rather good. This is an impressive review for me to give a restaurant as I consider myself an avid foodie. It is rare for me to give an Italian restaurant a rave review, since I grew up eating Italian-American homemade meals. The ambiance was nice, the buzz was slightly nosier than I would have liked but it was also not so much so to be considered bothersome. Their staff were attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable. I will say, it was a little strange to not receive a menu until after we were served water and bread sticks. I can actually say I've never been seated at a restaurant where it took 15 minutes to receive one. However, after munching on the delightful breadbasket (The star of which is definitely the Focaccia bread) left me excited for what was yet to come. I enjoyed the affordable wine selection. We order an Italian table wine style Pinot Noir. It was delightful and we would order it again.For an appetizer we shared the Capesante: grilled sea scallops, shaved fennel, red onion, orange and basil. My husband and I rarely go out to eat without ordering some sort of scallop dish.  I can proudly say, their scallops had a lovely sear and were cooked perfectly inside. For my entree, I ordered the Lidia's Pasta Trio which is their signature dish.  Unlimited daily pasta selection served table-side. I must confess, I found the serving via table-side a little odd. If they served only my portion from the pan it would not have been as off. But thinking that others may have or will be served from that same dish that is inches away from the diner was a bit off. I had the linguine w/ walnut pesto which was average nothing too spectacular but good all around. The chicken, pork ravioli was interesting. Tastier that I expected. In fact, had I not tried my husband's entree I would have been more impressed with my ravioli. Lastly, it was served w/ eggplant penne in a red sauce. I was probably least underwhelmed by this last dish. But nevertheless, all three pastas far supersede the majority of Pittsburgh Italian restaurants. I order this with the Caesar salad and choice of dessert. The salad was okay. Admittedly, I'm a hard sell with Caesar as I prefer to make it myself. Unless of course I am eating it from Emeril's (Las Vegas) which was the best Caesar I've ever eaten. Bygones.For dessert, I ordered the Torta d'Ananas- ricotta and butter cake, caramelized pineapple, Amarena cherries, and coconut ice cream. If I had to guess, the cherries were present in syrup form perhaps on the top of the cake. As I did not see any cherries (or taste for that matter) their presence within the dish. Perhaps the syrup was used sparingly. Nevertheless, the dish was yummy. The coconut ice cream with the caramelized pineapple was the star. However, I do not think it was spectacular enough to order again.My husband had the Ravioli di Cinghale: ravioli filled with braised wild boar in a rosemary infused sauce. This dish was amazing. I could not believe how delicious every single aspect of this dish was. The ravioli looked so fresh, it appear made to order. Significantly, far exceeded the quality present in the Trio I ordered. The rosemary infused sauce was one of the most incredible sauces I have EVER eaten. The wild boar itself, was absolutely to die for. My husband and I swore we would be back, simply for us both to eat this dish again. It is a MUST HAVE. Enjoy!
5	Yum yum yum... There are three yums... One for each amazing pasta in the prix fix pasta menu.  Unbelievable service and the food was incredible.  Don't miss the Ceasar or the banana chocolate caramel dessert thing!!
4	Went here for brunch yesterday. What we sampled: Mimosa (I don't like mimosas, but this was delicious with fresh squeezed orange juice)Bread basket (sea salt foccacia (delicious) cranberry and almond scones (delicious, but very crumbly which the fiance found out the hard way) strawberry butter, sugar butter, and honey butter)Antipasta table (overall good selection, but a little bland, the only memorable thing on the table for us was the Cesar salad, which was delicious, but a tad overdressed) Entree (we both ordered the pasta trio.  The three choices were penne with onions, sausage, and tomato ragu (the least favorite), Homemae fettucine aglio e olio with tomatoes and butternut squash (delicious and very fresh tasting for the fall), and homemade mushroom ravioli in a thyme butter sauce (the best selection by far and completely delicious)Dessert table (good selections with standouts being the tiramisu and the chocolate torte)Overall this was a great brunch experience for the price as well as the selections.  We would definitely return.
2	This place had horrible service. I waited (sitting at the bar non-the-less) for about 10 minutes before the loser bartender got me a drink and a menu. The food was weak, I got a Caesar salad and the wild bore stuffed ravioli. I was horrible. It was like they took some pulled pork and just stuffed a spoonful in a ravioli. I will not return, too many other better restaurants are in town to waste your time on this one.
4	We were at Lidia's for an early dinner before seeing a show.  They have a great wine list and our server made some excellent suggestions.  The food was wonderful.  Several of us had the Pasta Trio.  This is a sampler dish with three different pastas prepared and served at your table.  Afterwards, you can get additional servings of your favorite from the Trio.  Of course, none of us even had room for an additional serving.  If you get the Trio, I'd recommend getting the option that includes the salad and dessert.  It's a great deal and you know you'll want it anyway!
3	Went here with a large group.  Very accommodating and were able to handle our needs.The atmosphere is fantastic. I liked the ambiance and glass decorations.The service was great.I am not a huge fan of Italian food so this is where the review gets tricky.  I find it a little bit strange that they offer an unlimited pasta trio.  It made me feel like I was at an olive garden or something, I think it would be better to get rid of that menu option at an otherwise classy restaurant.I ordered a beet salad which was great and then played it safe with some chicken cacciatore.I'm a fan but the food didn't knock my socks off.
3	Three of us had dinner here during a little getaway trip to Pittsburgh. The decor was a bit more impressive than the service and the food were. Not that they were bad. They just didn't quite meet my expectations.First, even though we had a reservation, it couldn't be found. Then it was, but it was on the "wait list". Then we were seated right away..... but away from the hubbub of the main dining room at a table between the bar and the kitchen. The wine list (including MANY wines by the glass) was  nice. The waiter suggested a fantastic dry white for me, but I was disappointed when I wanted a second glass and there wasn't any more. The next suggestion wasn't nearly as good.The waiter seemed a bit frazzled at times. Maybe because he sometimes functioned as a bartender (our table location gave us that behind the scenes view). Sometimes our used plates sat for a l-o-n-g time and sometimes (like when we were not asked if we wanted refills on the "Pasta Trio" they were oh so efficiently whisked away.The bread brought to the table was wonderful, as were the spreads that accompanied it. One of my dining companions had the octopus appetizer which he stated was the best he's ever had... and he eats LOTS of weird sea creatures. My son and I shared the Caesar salad which was quite good. Was that a touch if mustard in the dressing? YUM! For our entrees my two dining companions had the "Pasta Trio". Both enjoyed them, although they felt they were inconsistent.... and not refilled as "enthusiastically" as hoped for. My grilled salmon was tasty, but a little fatty. I never had fatty salmon before. Kinda weird. The accompanying Yukon gold potatoes and green beans with a whole grain mustard sauce were DELISH! Desserts were quite good. A pumpkin mousse and an amaretto cake shared three ways were a tasty ending to the meal.
4	Yummy! The braised duck gnocchi were out of this world! Our waitress was as nice as they get. Great experience!
5	First visit there. Went for Sunday brunch and haven't found this good of a brunch value for a long time. The fried mushroom risotto balls, the gnocchi with duck ragu and the manicotti with mushroom ragu were excellent. The antipasto selection was extensive and everything was delicious. The server was friendly and attentive and the atmosphere comfortable. Will definitely go back soon.
3	Had dinner here on a Saturday night. Actually, wanted to go to Piccolo Forno, but they said they only take reservations for groups of 6 or more and for two of us there might be a half our wait. We wanted a sure, immediate thing so we decided to try Lidia's.DRINKS: My husband had the cabernet and said it was fine, nothing spectacular but def what you'd expect from a cabernet. I had their Prosecco. It was good, not as sweet as I'd like, but still tasty.APPETIZERS: We didn't order any dishes intended to be appetizers (you'll read what I mean), but we did enjoy the basket of bread and unique spreads (garbanzo and something, olive and something) that came with tit. The bread was not straight out of the oven, but it was definitely fresh-baked that day.ENTREES: I ordered 2 appetizers instead of an entree. The first was the octopus dish, and it was THE BEST OCTOPUS I'VE EVER HAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Tasted like what it was but without being too briney/fishy. Also had a great texture. And the other items in the dish (capers, etc) complimented it really well. I don't use the word delicious that often, and I use delish even less often. But that was deliciously delish. My 2nd appetizer-turned-entree was the cheese crisp. It was tasty, but super heavy. I chose the crab and scallion filling for that one, which was nice, but I think the whole cheese crisp idea (essentially cheese melted down to a "cracker") did not suit me. After a few bites I decided to pack the rest, but haven't eaten much of the leftovers.My husband tried the pasta trio (unlimited) and liked it, though he didn't rave about it. I think there was a spinach ravioi, some type of alfredo linguine, and a pesto with meat and a red sauce, so there was a good texture/flavor variety from what I could see on his plate. He ate two full plates of the variety of pastas and was stuffed!DESSERT: We shared the Tiramisu. It was very fresh and authentic tasting. I felt like there was a bit too much espresso/coffee powder sprinkled on top, but perhaps my palate is sensitive to that. Overall it was yummy.SERVICE: Friendly and attentive.  DEALS/DISCOUNTS: NoneOVERALL: Glad we tried it. I would like to try the other well-rated Italian restaurants in Greater Pittsburgh, but I have a feeling I'll go back to Lidia's someday for that octopus -- so freakin' good!
4	More like 3.5 after being at Salt of the Earth.  But Still - Lidia's is one of the few restaurants on mine and Jordan's list, where one of us has been employed, but we will still willingly eat at.  Lidia's is our choice when we want great Italian foods that taste as close to our family making it as possible.The other night we went for drinks and apps at the bar.  This is always fun for us because the Fritto Misto is fried veggies and calamari in a light batter, with their sauce for dipping.  And Lidia is the queen of sauce recipes!  We also had the appetizer version of the pasta-tasting platter because there is no way to walk into that building and NOT get the pasta-tasting trio in some form or another.  It's just AMAZING!Our favorite time to go is for Saturday or Sunday Brunch.  I don't know why - but I think Lidia's Brunch is Pittsburgh's best kept brunch secret.  For $24.99 per person, you get a complimentary Bloody Mary or Mimosa to start, then you are brought your basket of scones, donuts, and breads accompanied by sweet butters.  Then you go up to the Anti-Pasta tables for veggies, egg frittatas, meats, salads, soups - its the ANTI-PASTA table!  Use your imagination (they use theirs!).  Then you order your Brunch Entree - whether that's the Pasta-Tasting trio or Filet & Eggs or Salmon.  After your Entree - you get to go up to their dessert table that always has tiramisu, Italian cookies, mousse, etc.  People give me their brunch suggestions all the time and NO ONE has beaten Lidia's.  Saturdays AND Sundays from 11a-2p.  Just prepare yourself for the food coma after!
5	I was here for a firm organized dinner so I did not get to choose my menu, but the pastas were excellent!  As someone who is not a huge pasta fan, I was thoroughly impressed and hope to return the next time I'm in Pittsburgh!  The atmosphere was also very nice!
5	Wow how can this place be constantly this consistent. The service is always excellent and the food is superb. This time I was heading to Kaya for Lunch with one of my more well rounded foodie friends from out of town when he saw Lidia's he made me make a U-turn because he had always wanted to try this place and has watched a lot of her shows on PBS. He had the wild boar ravioli which was a plate of 3 large ravioli stuffed with a very flavorful boar meat concoction. The other partner in crime had the butter nut squash ravioli which was definitely a 5 star dish. Heck next time I eat here I think I will order a main entree and the butter nut squash ravioli for desert. I'm a big polenta fan so I went for the salsiccia which had polenta and broccoli rabe and house made sausage. The polenta was cooked perfectly along with the broccoli, the sausage that is in this dish is a great mild sausage. The sausage was not overpowering or spicy.The price for each entree was right around $16. I think that the prices are right in line for the quality of food that is offered here. I highly recommend this place. Give it a try for yourself and I am certain that I will be back.
5	Visited this place for the first time last night and it was great!  I was there for an event and the appetizers were all amazing, the wine was delicious, and the pasta trio was crazy good.  Completely obsessed with the mushroom ravioli (seriously, best ever).
5	I walked into this place, having never heard or seen it. I walked out with my heart won over. Staff was friendly. Unbelievably friendly. The chef experiments to make new creations that are like explosions of goodness in your mouth. Yum. The mushroom ravioli was amazing. I DO NOT LIKE MUSHROOMS. But I looooove this dish. Try out the goat cheese with a tiny bit citrus and an apple. Ahh their a h'orderves  are marvelous. Just thinking about it makes me want to go back.Their restaurant is beautiful. They have taken the typical Pittsburgh high ceilings and spiced them up with some beautiful hand-blown glass lights. Look up! Oh and the large windows open it up just the perfect amount.  Okay, so I don't technically know if the glass was hand blown, but I like to think so.
4	I had a great lunch here!The service, TBH, was average, but they pre-bused the hell out of my table so I was incredibly delighted!(Lack of pre-bus is a HUUUUUGE pet peeve of mine!)There were several items on the menu that I really wanted to try and I was truly torn on what to get.There was a Wild Boar dish, a Salmon that sounded amazing, and a Duck dish that sounded awesome, too!I'll walk you through the meal...1.)  They bring you some delicious breads (a Rosemary and Sea Salt bread, and another plainer Italian bread) to dip into a plate that had 2 perfectly rounded scoops of spreads in a pool of olive oil.The scoops?  I think that one was an avocado-based spread and the other, I think, was a black bean spread--neither of them were overly flavorful, but both were relatively light and fresh.**My Faves Here:  Sea Salt & Rosemary Bread with the [Black Bean] Spread2.)  Next was salad: You can choose a Caesar salad or a pickier/plane salad (but the plane salad will take extra time to make because the servers prep the salads themselves--so it was explained to us, anyhow).The Caesar was good!  The anchovies are diced into the dressing, but you can barely recognize them if you're not a fan of anchovies and are worried about that.I honestly wouldn't have even known they were in there, had I not asked!**My Faves Here: Go for the Ceasar; it was great!3.)  For an appetizer (this is a weird choice, but I'm happy we did it), we got the "Chef's Vegetarian Sampler".  This included a delicious, and lightly spicy, Barley Risotto, some Sauteed Spinach, and some type of [fried] Potato dish.  It was very good!**My Faves Here:  The Potatoes were pretty addicting!**Least Faves Here:  The sauteed spinach--very garlicy!4.)  I ended up choosing "Lidia's Pasta Tasting Trio"--and I would recommend that to others who find themselves torn between several things.Here's how this works...There are 3 pastas "of the day".The servers bring around large bowls of all three types of pasta and places all three types on your plate for you to try.One you've sampled all three, its "all you can eat" of your faves.They'll ask you what types you'd like more of and give you more.Not a bad deal!The day that I went, all three were pretty good.One had a spicy, red sauce and wide noodles.Another had an olive oil based sauce and had Orecchiette pasta.The last one was the one that I could have eaten allllllll day!It was simple, but amazing!Goat Cheese filled Ravioli with a Butter and Thyme sauce!  Ugh... to die for!Let me tell you about this ravioli!They were not "doughey" at all; they were perfect!Very thin pasta, but none were broken!Delicate and perfectly filled with the most amazing cheese.The butter/thyme sauce wasn't the least bit overwhelming!It was the perfect compliment to this dish!...just thinking about it makes me want to go back to Lidia's NOW!**My Faves Here:  OBVIOUSLY the Goat Cheese Ravioli!**My Least Fave:  The Orcchiette dish.  It wasn't "bad", it was just "meh".5.)  Oh, yes... there WAS dessert, too!  ;)(don't judge me!  lots of folks have dessert at lunch-time!)  ;)I enjoyed the Tiramisu!Now, some people like it when the lady fingers in Tiramisu are very Rummy tasting, but I am not a fan of too much of that!This was perfect and delicious!I would def recommend it!All in all... Lidia's = WIN!PROS:  Delicious;Pre-bus galore!CONS:Parking (but you can park in the "dust bowl" across the street.Located in the stripPretty busy on the weekends!
5	What a great dinner!  I had the pasta trio special.  They walk around with three pastas and just re-fill your plate.  I even wanted one of them without an ingredient,and they didn't bat an eye.  They even had the pasta prepared the same way to refill me!  I haven't been back, and I kick myself for it on my way out of town every time I visit there!
4	service was phenomenal, food was fresh and good but a bit bland, had the pasta trio, I'd eat here again without concerns, but it's not someplace I'd feel compelled to return to
3	I'm a fan of Italian food. And I'm willing to pay for good Italian food. Not that Lidia's isn't good. It is. But I've had better for less $$, like Piccolo Forno in Lawrenceville.
3	I've never understood the hype of this place.  The food is simply OK, nothing special at all, except that it's a bit pricey.  On a recent visit for brunch, I visited the antipasto bar.  The spinach frittata, was beyond bland.  The coleslaw with apple was surprisingly good.  The rest of the antipastos were forgettable.  I also ordered the Spring Ramp Ravioli with Crab Meat in a Thyme Butter Sauce.  Sounds delicious right?  Well... sadly I thought the pasta quality was poor, and again lacking in the flavor department.  I will say our bartender was fantastic though.  He always had a smile on his face and was attentive to all of our needs.  That's the only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars instead of 2.
3	I have been to all of Lidia's restaurants in Manhattan, but this was my first go at her establishment all the way out in Pittsburgh.  This restaurant is pretty similar to Becco, except there is no "theater crowd" and the restaurant has a considerable amount of space.  The menus are pretty similar too, with the unlimited pasta specials being a mainstay here as well.  The design of the restaurant is intriguing.  It has two levels, and a considerable amount of open air space which is punctuated with huge, intricate chandeliers and giant tableaux along the walls.  There is an industrial feel which helps the restaurant blend in fairly well with the Strip District; yet, at the same time, there is a sense of elegance down along the floor.  The balance was struck quite nicely, and it made for an interesting place to eat.  As for dinner, I was disappointed that the 3-course prix-fixe was only available as an option for the entire table.  My girlfriend did not want to eat any pasta, so that option was simply not available to me.  I am not sure why they can't offer the special on an individual basis and charge a "single supplement" price if only one person orders it from a particular table, especially if we were both planning to eat 3 courses anyway.  I ended up ordering the same appetizer I would have ordered from the 3-course menu, a pasta dish for my second course, and forwent dessert for the same price.  It seems silly to be so pedantic about such things.  Oh well. For the appetizer, I went with the Cozze ($12).  As an appetizer, it is only available in a white wine preparation, but on the prix-fixe menu they had a red wine (fra diavolo) preparation.  Since that menu was verboten to me, you guessed it, I received the white wine preparation.  The mussels were served in a very narrow, tall bowl.  The bowl was jammed tight with open black mussels, sitting upon a shallow pool of broth and crowned by two pieces of toast.  The mussels were clean, not a single one was cracked, and they were all open boasting sizable pieces of meat.  I had to eat about half of them though before I could get to the broth, and given the narrow opening of the bowl, I had to break the toast into pieces to sop up some of the broth at the end.  The broth was silky smooth and fairly flavorful.  I just wish it were more accessible.  The presentation was aesthetically pleasing, but not especially functional.For the main course, I went with the Lasagna Bolognese ($16).  I was so pleased to see an authentic preparation!  There were flat sheets of freshly made spinach pasta which had the perfect texture for this dish.  The color of the sauce was correct too for a dish from Bologna.  The quality of the Grana Padano was pretty good as well.  The portion size was especially large making for a rather robust and tasty dish.  I was fairly pleased with this course, good all around.Wine.  I had a glass of Nero d'Avola ($10).  The particular selection was decent.  I was surprised though that my wine glass was taken from the table and later appeared on the table with wine in it.  What was this?  Why was I not shown the bottle?  Why was I not given an option to taste it?  (It's an inexpensive wine; I can live with that one).  Why was it not poured in front of me?  And, why was it under-poured?  So, yeah, I was pretty much not inclined to have any more wine, given such off-putting service.  I passed on dessert and called it a night.  Overall, I think the quality of the dishes is high, and I generally enjoyed the ambiance.  They are missing all of the polished service that I would expect to see at any of the NY locations, though.  Also, I was annoyed with the structure of the menu.  3.75 stars
4	Four stars based on Lidia's stellar reputation but not the meal my wife and I received.  First, parking around the block was impossible.  We found a spot in a paid parking lot across the street.  For $6 we were able to park about a quarter mile away.  I need the exercise anyway.  Our waitress was very helpful and attentive.  I was interested in trying Lidia's bolognese sauce.  Even though it was not on the menu, they served a small plate of spaghetti with bolognese sauce.  Big points for accommodating my request.  But the sauce was watery without much flavor.  I was impressed with the knife skills of whoever fine diced the carrots.  Just surprised/disappointed with the results.  There are probably as many different bolognese recipes as Italian cooks.  This may have been perfectly prepared but I was expecting more depth of flavor in a carefully built, slow simmered sauce.  As others have mentioned, the bread service is great.  The scoops of basil  and olive flavored spread were a little bland.  When combined with the fresh bread with salt crystals on the crust, the result was really good. I had the white bean soup of the day.  It was a bit bland needing a little more salt.   Same opinion of the gnocchi with braised duck ragu.  The ragu sauce had much more flavor than the soup and was enjoyable but could have been better with a touch more salt.  As a classically trained newbe cook, I try to eat the best of the best foods when I can.  It is easy to follow a recipe.  It is very hard to prepare a dish perfectly.  I was hoping for perfection.  Don't think that is what I got - but really enjoyed the bread and great service.
4	I didn't really know what to expect from Lidia's, but in all it was the perfect meal for us travelers. The experience started off a little rocky, but at every progression of the meal, the experience got better and better. . The Strip was a ghost town on a Saturday night (during the Kenny Chesney concert). Upon opening the doors to Lidia's, the interior was bustling... with old people! While the decor seemed modern and edgy, the clientele was decked out in rinestone-encrusted tshirts and argyle. Yikes!We kept changing our reservation number throughout the day, and by the time we arrived, our party was officially a party of four instead of six. I'm not unsympathetic to needing to do some table switching to accommodate us, but it appeared as if the hostess meant to solve the problem and then forgot about us once another problem arose. After a fairly long wait off to the side, one of our party went to the podium to ask about our table. Apparently, they had forgotten about us, but we were seated quickly after the mistake was realized. (Sidenote: the hostess' outfit was really unintentionally inappropriate. Part of her top was sheer, and would have been tastefully so if she didn't have her bra and underwear sticking out in awkward places, unbeknownst to her.)Anyway! I guess I can see how people think Lidia's is too much like an Olive Garden, but once you look at the ingredients and the preparation methods, it really isn't at all. I guess people see "unlimited pasta" and their minds go somewhere a little less sophisticated. Don't fall into this trap! Everything was expertly prepared with balanced flavors and appropriate portioning. I had the pasta trio (like everyone else, amirite!?) and indeed, the beginning portions of the pasta were small. The point is to sample, and then get more of what you prefer, even if it's all of them. I wouldn't want huge globs of pasta on my plate (getting cold, cheese and sauces congealing), so I appreciated this approach. Your followup portions come by with waiters carrying large metal pans of small-batch prepped pasta. All of the pasta tasted freshly made (not dried) and with exceptionally light and  balanced sauces. Perfect.I feel like you have to get the pasta trio at least once. The other entrees looked amazing as well. If I lived in the neighborhood, I would focus my ordering on the rotating seasonal entrees. My Cesar salad was a little overdressed for my tastes, but still very flavorful and fresh. The bread basket was above-average, with at least three different warm options and two spreads (an olive and pesto spread). Dessert was inventive, a lemon cake with a basil layer and poppyseed ice cream. The other elements escape me, but it was nice that my table mate gave me a bite. Service was great, if a little slow towards the end. I enjoyed their wine selections, though one of the reds was much better alone (not with food), and probably  shouldn't have been on the menu. Though the wine list is quite extensive, there's a smaller, curated list of bottles for $28. It kept our choices (and bill) a little more manageable. So glad I got to try Lidia's!
4	I've been to Lidia's a few times before and figured I'd leave a review after today's trip.  We arrived a bit early for our reservation and they were able to seat us right away.  Even with a fairly packed dining room, the place wasn't too loud.  If you have any old people in your group, they can seat you downstairs as I don't think they have an elevator (I prefer being upstairs overlooking looking the dining room, it's a nice touch).  The Lobster Arancini were cooked perfectly with no crunchy, undercooked risotto inside.  The only downside was that there were just 3 (we had 4 people) and they were tiny so it was almost impossible to split them.  As for entrees, the gnocchi topped with a duck ragu are a fantastic dish, not too rich and the gnocchi simply melt in your mouth.  The Zuppa di Pesce has a wonderfully balanced broth which wasn't oversalted (a surprise given the amount of shellfish) and tasted like it might have had Sherry wine in it.  I think I counted 7 or 8 different items in this seafood hodgepodge.  As for service, it was quite good and we were done with 3 courses in a bit over an hour.  Lidia's certainly ranks up there as one of my favorite Italian restaurants in the city.
5	Best meal I have had in all of Pennsylvania!!!   Get the pasta trio!!!  Selections are fresh, light and very tasty!!! Staff extremely attentive and polite!! Would go out of my way to eat here again!!!
5	as a big fan of Lidia's, i was anxious to eat at her restaurant, and it was totally awesome. would highly recommend.  Food was excellent. wait staff was attentive. we arrived early for our reservation and they were able to seat us.  it was a lot of fun and the decor was awesome too.
1	I went to Lidia's this past week for dinner with a group of 6 friends. The service was one of the worst I have ever had. The waitress was rude to us from the minute we didn't order alcohol to the second we signed our bills. We politely asked at the time of placing our orders if it would be possible to have separate checks. It's a group of people having dinner together, who carries cash anymore?  Waitstaff should expect to be asked for separate checks. I understand it makes for a bit more work to run a few more cards at the end of the meal, but when the waitress disdainfully states "I can do that, but you will just have to be patient with me at the end of your meal as separate checks cannot disrupt the service of my other tables." it is a big indication of how the rest of the evening would go. If she gave as much inattention to her other tables as she did to ours, no one would have even noticed she was taking a few extra minutes running separate checks. We rarely saw our waitress except when she needed to sell us food. Thank goodness for the other staff that were available to refill our drinks, our bread and our pasta. Otherwise I think we would still be sitting there 4 days later with empty glasses and stomachs!Speaking of empty stomachs-I wish I hadn't filled my stomach and emptied my wallet with the food we were served. I ordered the pasta trio. The salad was good and unfortunately the best part of my meal.  I was excited to try the 3 pastas when they came out. But that excitement quickly disappeared as I took a few bites. Seriously?!  A revered Italian restaurant serving overdone pasta?!  It was the most bland arrabiatta sauce I have ever had. The jarred stuff I have in my cabinet at home has a 100 times more flavor than this and I don't even serve that over such limp noodles as what this place did. The pesto sauce on the gnocchi was good, but again the pasta was well past it's doneness. The best pasta was the gemmeli with the sausage/broccoli rabe sauce, but it was extremely oversalted and left my mouth feeling like it does after I've eaten too much ham on Easter. I had high hopes that dessert would salvage this meal!  Unfortunately, those hopes were dashed when we ordered the nutella custard that was to come with caramel bananas. The waitress said that they didn't have bananas for it because their shipment they had received that day were too green. The restaurant is in The Strip District!! Go down a few blocks to Stan's Market and buy ripe bananas to serve with your dessert!  She was going to serve a custard with nothing else until my friend suggested that they use strawberries that were listed on another dessert as a substitute.  The dessert was good, but I would have definitely preferred bananas over the strawberries we ended up with. Lidia's had been on my list of restaurants to try ever since it opened years ago. I can now mark it off my list and never return. Between the waitress's attitude towards us all night to the quality of our meals, it was one of the worst restaurant experiences I have ever had. So disappointed!
4	My guests and I had a pleasant meal with good service.
3	I'm a big fan of Lidia, but....  I watch her shows and have a cook book, which I adore.  But I was somewhat disappointed with my dinner there.  It was a on a Wednesday night, but there shouldn't be an excuse for a meal this expensive.First dish was grilled octopus, which was great.  I thought it needed more seasoning on the meat, but the accompanying salad was perfectly dressed.My gnocchi I felt wasn't fresh, however the rabbit ragu was really nice.  Again, though, it needed more seasoning.  I actually wondered if they were catering to an old Pittsburgh clientele who may not put salt on their food.My dinner partner had calimari and shrimp over pasta, and it was too al dente.
3	Food was very good.  But the training of the wait staff was Ill advised and needs to be redone. The waiter came back every 5 minutes and asked each individual (there were 4 of us) how everything was, did you want more ravioli, etc. There is a fine line between being attentive and being annoying and our service was way over the line.  Our meal was so often interrupted by either the waiter, the manager, or the support staff that we were unable to enjoy it.
2	The NY restaurant is much better.  We were eating here often, but it got boring quickly. The staff are great and the location is good for people who drive into Pittsburgh. I'd like to see some the dishes that make the NY restaurant great.
4	Overall this was good Italian food if you're ready to venture into something more asventerous than Olive Garden.  I had the pasta trio and thought the ravioli was amazing.  Everything else was pretty good, but a butternut squash ravioli made the meal.  Be prepared to spend about $30 a person for the full experience and I'll remember this meal for a while.
5	Absolutely excellent. Definitely a gem of Pittsburgh. I highly recommend Lidia's relaxed, but very classy atmosphere and delicious cuisine.
5	awesome time... food/wine was great... ask for eric
2	soooo disappointing!  i watch lidia on tv and have a lot of her recipes.  also, having lived for some time in NYC, i am familiar with and a fan of Bastianich restaurants.  one of the best meals i've ever had in my life (there aren't many) was at Del Posto.  the Bastianich name to me stands for integrity and love / appreciation / sharing of high quality italian food.  then, i ate here.  are these the same people running this restaurant?!  it was completely mediocre and subpar, as if no one cared about the quality or experience.i came here for brunch and did the pasta trio and antipasti table.  it was clear the ingredients were not quality and the dishes were mass produced without much flavor or thought.  it was only $25 a person, but can you make an effort?  don't you care about your reputation and good name?  guess not.this restaurant seems to be a sellout - a place to make money off the name in a place where the food standard frankly isn't that demanding or high (like in NYC).  also, the service was not that good.  too bad.
4	After walking around the Strip District, this certainly hit the spot. We did the buffet, and I got the pasta trio. I was not disappointed. Endless amounts of great pasta, plus everything else that came with the buffet table. It's a classy place, but people from all walks of life were eating there, from people dressed in Steelers gear to older, well-dressed couples. I'd definitely come back or go to her other restaurant.
4	As always Lidia's is fantastic.  Don't open the menu, the pasta trio is what you should get.
2	My family had been planning to go to Lidia's for a while, and finally made a reservation for my dad's birthday. I was not really impressed with the whole experience overall. We got there for our reservation and it took a while for anyone to come greet us at the front of the place, even though it wasn't very busy. They seated us outside, but the outdoor seating is right next to the street and it wasn't very pleasant. They were nice enough to move us inside without complaint. We ordered drinks, which took a long time to get there. I had the pasta trio special, I really liked the idea of getting to sample three different fresh recipes. I only really liked one (I know it changes up though) and only got a refill of that one. My sister got the seafood alfredo, which she said was good. I don't even remember what my parents ordered because it wasn't very memorable. Although the service was decent and the food was okay, I was just generally unimpressed and felt like we paid a lot for just a "meh" experience and food.
5	I have only eaten here for the Prix Fix Menu for weekend brunch.  You will need a reservation and this menu is only served from 11am to 2pm.  I have been here 4x for this brunch menu and it is ALWAYS AMAZING.  For the reasonable price you will get a chosen alcoholic drink, full antipasto bar for you appetizer (which is delightful) you will get a choice of a dozen entrees including vegetarian, then an tasty desert bar with many choices of Italian cookies, pastries, and coffee/espresso.  Take your time here so you can eat slowly and appreciate all the amazing eats this place has to offer.  Your brunch will take at least 1.5 hrs and the staff.... well they DO NOT rush you and are very attentive and friendly.  I recommend getting here around noon and just taking your time to truly experience this culinary tour.  Lidia's will surely become your standard to which all other Italian restaurants are measured.  OH .. If your looking for Chicken or veal parmigiana, pizza, or any variation of Chef Boy Ardee well... go elsewhere, Lidia's is an Italian adventure and you WILL BE BACK !!
2	One word; gross. This is not Italian food - it's Pittsburgh italian food. The ravioli is not fresh - how difficult is it for a restaurant to make fresh ravioli? The decor is tacky. The wine list is lacking. I could rip this place apart after only one disappointing meal, but I'm not going to waste my time. In short, avoid this place! You can do much better in your own kitchen!
4	Once again Yelp has Lidia's pegged perfectly at 3.5 stars - I'm going back and forth myself between 3 and 4 stars.  Lidia's is a surprisingly large space which is decorated nicely and has great service.  The food however, is good but by no means mind blowing.  Their signature Pasta Trio lets you try 3 different pastas (served out of a pan tableside) and then choose if you want to get seconds on any of them.  All of the pastas are cooked perfectly and fresh but the sauces just don't blow me away, they are missing that last ingredient or two which would take them from good to excellent.  Given that I had better pasta at a place called Meat & Potatoes the next evening I think says something.Bread served at the beginning of the meal is warm and really outstanding, but the spreads weren't exciting.  The wine list is nice and the atmosphere is generally upscale but friendly.  Now that I think back about Lidia's, I have to say I do appreciate the homemade pasta and I'll potentially be back but it's just a bit on the pricey side for Pittsburgh so I have to presume they're going on the name at this point.
3	3.5 stars for brunch. We had reservations at 11:30am on Sunday for 5 but Lidia's was not overly crowded. Wide open space with tall ceilings. Servers were friendly and did not push us out after we paid our bill, which was nice.Bring your appetite!! Highlights:The OJ in the Mimosa was freshThe rosemary and sea salt bread with sugar butterLemon scone with sugar butter, and apricot and strawberry  butterFried cauliflower from the antipasto tableMy main entree - grilled octopus w/ potatoes, onions, string beans, olives, pickled onions - salty which I loved and the octopus was tender and cooked wellThe pistachio and ginger mini cookies were my favoriteCoffee brewed wellThe other items were just okay so while there were some standouts Lidia's brunch was more quantity verse quality given the wide spread available.You will not leave hungry and if you do you did Lidia's wrong!Also they will break out checks separately.
5	I love this place and I don't know why it's only a 3.5*....Pittsburgh, what's up?I recently went here for new years, My boyfriend and I split a green salad, manicotti, and the rib-eye. Wowzers!!!!Best manicotti I've ever had and the rib-eye was cooked perfectly to Med Rare, seasoned, and seared to perfection. Service was top notch, never wanted and or waited long for anything.Bravo, I'll be back again and again!
5	Each experience I've had at Lidia's was positive.  I've visited the restaurant several times, but mostly for lunch or brunch.  The food is delicious and well prepared, though it can be a bit pricey.I've visited Lidia's most frequently for brunch, and find the value to be top-notch.  For $25, you have a large antipasti table selection, your choice of entree, a generous dessert table selection, and complimentary mimosa or Bloody Mary.  Other restaurants of this caliber would charge separately for all this food, putting the total bill far higher.  The foods are fresh and reflect a wide variety of Italian foods, not necessarily the same foods you would find at your corner Italian restaurant featuring spaghetti and lasagna.  The food is good, but perhaps doesn't quite meet the high expectations people have before their first visit.  Letting go of the unnatural expectation that every bite of food you eat from a celebrity chef restaurant will be life-changing, you will have a pleasant and positive experience at Lidia's.  When we excitedly told the wait staff we were celebrating my birthday with them, they brought me a complimentary flour-less chocolate cake which was absolutely incredible.  The service at Lidia's is incomparable, always making you feel like the king or queen of the room.   I would recommend Lidia's to anyone looking for a quality Italian lunch or dinner with an upscale atmosphere.  This restaurant would be great for dates and special occasions.
5	This was my first experience at Lidia's and it was amazing.  It was a rare evening out for my wife and I and we enjoyed our meal immensely. The food was very good...3 to 4 stars at least.  We ordered the pasta Trio and the creativity behind the dishes was very impressive.  The only thing taking away from it was the execution on the pasta itself. The fettuccine was cooked well past al dente and bordered on soggy.  The ravioli however were perfect And the flavor profiles on all the dishes were spot onThe reason I gave a five star review on 3 to 4 star food was the service. Everyone without exception was very attentive, friendly, helpful, and generally awesome.  This team could've served hot dogs and it still would've seem like an amazing experience.
2	I've eaten plenty of less-than-delicious Italian food, but fortunately more of the delicious kind, whether in the motherland or here at home in the states. While I had high expectations for Lidia's, it gets lumped into the former category. I really hate to say this, but Olive Garden's dishes have more flavor than those we ordered at Lidia's (and I don't even like OG...). I ordered the pasta trio and all three were oh so bland, as was my mother's lasagna bolognese. My S.O. ordered the boar raviolis (I know they weren't called that, but I know nothing of porcines as far as food goes) and thought they were just 'meh' and too salty.  The menu was pretty limited, and it was especially underwhelming considering the prices of the dishes. I wouldn't return here, there are a couple of other restaurants in Pgh that I would rather visit next time i'm in the mood for Italian. Service was good and the atmosphere was pleasant though.
5	It's been a while since I've written about Lidia. Well, Lidia's, not Lidia the person. After a couple hit and miss visits with the various pasta trio tastings I had, I'd say I was back in Lidia's good graces with their massive brunch spread.I will give you ample warning, DO NOT EAT A SINGLE THING BEFORE YOU COME HERE FOR BRUNCH. For realsies. It's a crap ton of food! And the best part? It's a bargain! For $28 you get the brunch buffet, your choice of main course AND a mimosa or Bloody Mary. Isn't that a bloody good time? Why, yes, yes it is. You just have to roll me out afterwards!The buffet is awesome, with tons of traditional anti pasta's, meat trays, soups and salads. I actually went two weeks in a row (I know... that's a lot!) and got to see that they actually change out the buffet items quite a bit. The first week I went I had a delicious bean salad and artichoke salad. The second week I came they had fried risotto balls, which I promptly had about a million of... and tasty mussels. For your main course there's about 12 different options to choose from, including the pasta trio of the day! The first week I went with the Salmon over beans and potatoes. I asked for it rare, and rare it came out! It was very flavorful and I liked the charred pieces. I could have used a few more veggies underneath, but the salmon was so large (about 8oz I swear) that it just took over the entire plate! The second week I had stuffed cabbage and mash potatoes. Odd for a polish meal to be on the menu, but it was delicious. I'd have to say even better than the salmon. I loved stuffed cabbage and the mash potatoes were certainly home made and not instant (could you imagine the horror if they were instant?). With all that food it's hard to believe I had room for dessert. But how could you NOT indulge when it's also on the buffet just staring at you waiting for it's chance to be eaten! The first week I took the traditional tiramisu, which was fantastic! I like tiramisu that's not too espresso tasting and this was perfection. Very light and tasty. The second week they had a lemon tiramisu and it was a little slice of lemon heaven. Even better than the regular. I shoved so much in my mouth I thought I was going to throw up. But it would have been all worth it, I swear!So heed my warning, friends! You will thank me as you're rolling yourself outta there!
3	I think this place is good but over-hyped and over-priced for what it is.  I had the pasta trio and I got the combo which came with a Ceasar salad and a dessert.  The pasta trio by itself is $18 but with the salad and dessert is $32 (an extra $14, so not such a great deal!).  $18 for pasta with no meat or seafood in it is already way overpriced and ought to come with a soup or salad anyway.So I was expecting this to be an amazing Ceasar salad but it was the worst I've ever had at a nice restaurant.  Instead of romaine lettuce, most of the lettuce was iceberg!  And the dressing was too vinegary and did not taste very good.  And I had hoped being an Italian place they would offer anchovies on it, but that was not the case.  The pasta trio was tasty and included a goat cheese ravioli with cream sauce, a fettucine with sundried tomatoes, and a penne with a pork ragu sauce.  All were good but I felt like they had been sitting out for awhile and didn't taste freshly cooked, and the texture of one of the pastas was slightly chewy.  It was fun to see them all come over with their bowls though and the guy with the parmesan was also right there ready to grate some fresh cheese for you.  For the bread, instead of butter they had these interesting things made out of a couple different sorts of bean which tasted rather like a hummus so that was interesting though would have been nice if the bread was warm. I had the tiramisu for dessert which was good but nothing amazing.  The atmosphere was really nice with some interesting artwork and chandeliers and the service was prompt and polite.  However the food was kind of disappointing.Honestly I think I like Olive Garden better and they have much better prices.
5	Awesome.
3	Portions are huge! Try the gnocchi! We started off at the bar while we waited for the other half our group. They had fried chickpeas sitting out on the bar which were absolutely delicious. Once our party was all there and we were seated, we decided to order. My brother, sister, and I all decided to go with the 3 course meal. While the rest of my family ordered just one thing. Overall we found that the pasta dishes were far better than the other dishes with the exception of the lamb chops which were prefect. My sister & I both got the ricotta gnudi which was in giant balls and delicious but I would have preferred if it was in smaller gnocchi like shapes. My brother got the burratta which was very good but also huge. My brother's fiance got the ceasar salad which she said was good but also a very large portion. For our main courses the highlights were definitely the gnocchi, the pasta tasting trio, and the Angello (lamb chops). I ended up getting the Saltimbocca alla  Romano which had great flavors but was overcooked. My sister got the sausage, which was okay, but not as great as we would expect for a restaurant owned by Lydia. The lasagna was also not as good as you would have thought. The best of the desserts was the gelato trio, but the tiramisu & upside down rhubarb cake was also good (although the rose gelato wasn't so great) .
3	Empty room, but we were seated right next to the serving station. I asked to be moved and was told by the host "Well you can sit here, or here, or here, or here, or here..." Get the picture? Very unprofessional. So we selected a new table and found a dirty glass. Bad start, right?Well, it got quite a bit better, with a knowledgeable waitress and good food. The only issue I had was with the caesar salad, which was made with the inner most pieces of lettuce. There was little green. However, the pasta was great, and we left satisfied.
4	Not a place I'd return to for regular fare, overpriced for quality.  But the brunch is a divine value.
5	My husband watches Lidia every Saturday on Create.  We make a weekend trip to Pa, and were both excited to visit this restaurant.  Per other reviews, we chose to go to Sunday brunch.  This was an excellent choice.You're offered complimentary mimosa or Bloody Mary.  You then have an antipasti buffet which has a staff member who stands there making sure everything is kept fresh, and to answer any questions.  He also took our soup to our table to allow us to continue getting items from the buffet.  You have about 16 choices on the buffet, not including soup, meats.We both chose to have the pasta trio - where you are initially given 3 small portions of the daily special pasta, with ordering more as needed.The desserts are phenomenal.  You have cookies, fruit, tiramisu, cakes.If my husband wasn't as full as he was, I would have had him roll me out the door ;-)
5	We absolutely LOVED this restaurant!  The service was impeccable!  I had the all you can eat pasta trio which was lovely and delicious!  My husband had the cacciatore, which he makes himself at home, and he said it was the best he'd ever had!  We will definitely be back!
4	As a lover of pasta--I love to eat it, I love to make it, I love to cook with it--this restaurant is heaven. Just outside of downtown Pittsburgh (by Wholey's and The Heinz History Museum), this restaurant has soaring ceilings, a beautiful Chihuly-style glass chandelier, and friendly waitstaff. It's great for a date night, business lunch/dinner, or celebratory dinner (we've celebrated new jobs, birthdays, and anniversaries here over the years). It was started by famous chef Lidia Bastianich and features a wonderful selection of pastas, wines, and desserts. The meal always starts with a bread basket filled with crunchy cheese bread sticks (they taste like gourmet Cheez-Its), herbed foccacia, and Italian bread and the breads are served alongside two different "butters" (olive and pesto, I believe). There are some amazing dishes on the menu (my mom loves their gnocchi with duck ragu and the arugula salad and rarely gets anything else, while my dad and brother are more willing to try different things from the menu, like wild boar ravioli or caprese salad), but the best choice on the menu by far is Lidia's Pasta Tasting Trio. Offered either on its own or paired with a Caesar salad and choice of dessert, this meal consists of endless servings of three different, freshly made pastas. The pastas and their sauces change each day, but you can usually count on at least one butter-based sauce (usually butter and sage or butter and thyme) and one tomato-based sauce. The pastas are always different--last night, they had bucatini, papardelle, and ravioli--and they are always freshly made. The servers bring out steaming saute pans filled with the fresh pasta and you can eat as much pasta as you want (the servers will stop by every so often to offer another serving). This meal is a great way to try new types of pastas and new sauces and, with three types served each time, you're bound to like one. I've had spinach and ricotta ravioli, tagliatelle in a thyme-butter sauce, linguine in a creamy tomato sauce, bucatini in a spicy tomato sauce with caramelized onions and bacon...I've had too many pastas and sauces to count and I've always enjoyed this meal. I highly recommend getting it with the salad and dessert--the Caesar salad is lovely and they usually have some tasty desserts. They always offer delicious ice creams and sorbets (we've had lemon sorbet, olive oil ice cream, chocolate espresso ice cream, and strawberry sorbet, to name a few) and they usually have some sort of decadent chocolate dessert available. The restaurant is definitely dressy, but there's always the one table with the idiots who came dressed in jeans and a tee shirt--please don't be one of those idiots (wear a cute dress or khakis and a polo). They offer valet parking, but there's a large, relatively inexpensive parking lot right across the street. Reservations help, but usually you can get in without one (unless it's a weekend evening). I recommend coming in with an empty stomach, because with all of that pasta, you'll need some room in there.
2	My girlfriend REALLY hyped this place up but I ended up spending $110 on a terrible meal I couldn't even eat. I ordered the Chicken Marsala (Waitress's favorite) and it was disgusting. The sauce was VERY over powering and it was drenched in it. If that wasn't bad enough the Chicken was cheap dark meat with the skin and the bones on it. I ended up leaving even though our meals included a dessert with the price. Won't be going back here...
3	The food was fine. The wine was good. I wouldn't go expecting to be blown away but the execution of the dishes I ate were fine. I did feel like the cook had had enough of making my dish for the 9999th time. A menu refresh shouldn't be too hard with all of Lidia's wonderful recipes. The place I feel, survives on 80% her name, 20% dish quality.
4	Had brunch there yesterday.  Phenomenal!  Staff that we encountered were friendly and knowledgeable, super efficient but didn't hover over us.  Kudos for that--a well-trained staff!Everything we had was delicious, every little salad and nibble bit on the antipasti table.  I had the gnocchi with duck ragu as my main course, and it was perfection; if I can quibble, the portion was actually too large!  But--perfection!  My partner had the chicken livers with polenta, which was also super.We sampled a few of the offerings on the dessert table, all of which were lovely.  The roasted half peaches with crumble topping were the best, although I also loved the olive oil/lemon cake topped with sugar coated blueberries.We had such a nice experience here, and ordered why we don't go that often.  We will have to get here more often, based on yesterday's peerless experience.
5	Our boss treated some co-workers and myself to lunch here last week (one of my colleagues was leaving) and had a terrific time. The decor is amazing and so is the food. I had the Porchetta panino (pulled pork Shoulder with horseradish apple salsa) which came with these parsely-seasoned home fries. All of it was amazing. Like Darren (I was so jealous he got to go there back in February and I didn't), I had the Torta di Cioccolatta, and it was godly. The service was on-target too. I love this place and that it's so close to where I now work. Seriously gourmet.
3	This place is a mediocre when it comes to food! I really like the space and the atmosphere and I wish they would work a little bit on their sauces to make them more authentic!!
3	The food here is decent. It's a big place with great service that gives you the Italian family-style atmosphere you would desire. However, the food is not very good. The only awesome thing is that they have two different choices of gluten free pasta, which is awesome if you can't have gluten!
4	We can here for brunch on Sunday, 5 adults and four month old. I used to be the girl who wouldn't go inside a restaurant if I saw a kid within two blocks of the place but now things have changed. Before I get to my review of the brunch itself I'd like to say how impressed I was with their accommodations for babies! The changing station in the bathroom had wipes, a small sitting area and it was almost private. Fabulous. But the best part was they gave us a cradle-type thing in which our baby slept like the angel he is most certainly not. If he wasn't sleeping in it, he was just laying there playing and we could have brunch with our adult friends without having to entertain or keep an eye on our little love. Thanks Lidia's - you won me over with those two things alone.The brunch itself was fantastic. The bread with three sweet, butter spreads was my favorite. My mimosa was actually a mimosa and not just orange juice with a splash of champagne. The buffet was 90%vegetarian and never looked empty because the staff was always bringing out new dishes. For my entree I had the manicotti but also tasted the pasta trio from my friend. Yumm! And the dessert spread? Yeah I was in heaven. Overall, we had an amazing time and will def be back.
4	Nice place would give atmosphere a 6 1/2 out of 10 and food a seven out of 10.  Often has good specials!
4	Great place! Went here during restaurant week, I'm a vegetarian and they were able to accommodate me. Ended up having the  Insalata di Barbabietole - the beets were awesome!,  Cacio e Pere Ravioli - I didn't taste much pear, there was loads of butter so that masked most of the taste, manicotti for the main meal - tasted about normal for manicotti, and tiramisu - this was great and they had a chocolate covered espresso bean as garnish.
2	I visited Pittsburgh for the weekend and was excited to try Lidia's since I have been to  her son's outstanding restaurants up in New York.Lidia's was a major disappointment for me. Decor and service were just fine, no issues there. But the food was something I would expect from a chain restaurant like Carrabba's or Olive Garden. The quality seemed poor: bread was soggy, greens and salad dressings way over salted, greasy, sloppy pasta sauces, and huge portions just slapped onto dirty plates with greasy fingerprints all over the edges. Plus, I spent the entire meal swatting flies away from our table.I was really puzzled by this experience. When you dine at Joe's restaurants, you get the sense that every single ingredient is hand selected for the highest quality and the presentation of the food shows care went into it.  I expected a similar standard at Lidia's. I wondered if Lidia visits this restaurant often and whether she knows about the quality of the food. Celebrity chefs often seem to suffer from this issue: they get involved in so many business ventures and if they are not at the restaurants regularly, the quality suffers.Sorry to say it, but I definitely won't be back to Lidia's.
3	Had dinner here with my wife and another couple.The food was good, as we have expected from a previous visit.The service was OK. The restaurant was maybe half full on a Monday night.We were passed from one server to another, even though the first server was still working.In addition, the explanation of the 3-course special was incomplete, so it was not clear what was included or what choices were possible, but we did get all that should have been included. We also had a hard time getting attention for basic service items, like more cheese for the one person who ordered the pasta tasting trio, or the second glass of wine for the special. In the end, we could not finish it all and asked for it to be boxed up. Three of us got our remainders boxes, but they apparently didn't box up the half of the secondi from my wife, who was really looking forward to finishing it the next night. We didn't notice until the next morning that they left out one of the take home boxes.Maybe the staff was just having an off night, but it will negatively effect my decision for a repeat visit.Summary: good, but the service was a bit disappointing for this level of restaurant.
5	A fantastic Italian meal all around. From the Caesar salads to the rustic pasta trio to the desserts...tiramisu and a variety of cookies! The waitress was very knowledgable about the menu and wine list. Pear ravioli with five cheeses? To die for!
5	I've been a huge fan of Lidia Bastianich for years, watching her show on PBS and cooking her recipes. My Dad is a huge fan as well. I recently moved back to Pittsburgh (after 30 years) to help out my folks as my Dad's cancer has worsened. I had no idea Lidia had a restaurant here. About a month ago I met a college friend (and foodie) at the strip for drinks and we ended up at Lidia's. Bar is awesome - I highly recommend the white Manhattans. While I was there I found out Lidia would be in town for a special dinner, Nov. 7. Woot! Gonna go and bring my Mom and Dad.So happy I could make my reservation online! The restaurant was very professional and called to confirm (beating me to call them) and then accommodated us with a table closer to the door so my Dad, who has a walker, would not have to walk so far.Said table was very cozy against the wall, the arrangement was perfect. The greeting and seating staff were excellent and friendly. My Mom and Dad bought her latest cook in anticipation. Upon seating, Lidia was bee bopping around and we said hello and she promised to come back to visit.The meal, the MEAL! Yum, holy moly! To start, I had a white Manhattan, of course, and enjoyed the yummy bread-sticks. I also ate some of the homemade bread (one was rosemary I think) with pesto butter and a bean butter. Had to save room! We did not order wine, my Dad can't drink wine due to his medication. The meal was paired with Lidia's own wine, another time I would love to try some. Since I was driving I only had one cocktail. ; pThe antipasti - squash and ricotta tart was to die for, the mozzarella and celery salad was wonderful. For Primi, my Mom had Lidia's signature Ceasar salad, my Dad had the tomato and ricotta crostini. I had the ricotta and vegetable crostata with arugula salad. I loved mine, the crostata again so excellent, the arugula salad was warm served on a warm plate. Had a bite of my parent's Primi. It's always good to go with others, so you can share and try out more dishes!The pasta was Ravioli verde with sage butter - delectable! The ravioli looked more like beautiful speckled green meatballs and melted in your mouth.For Secondi, I had Lidia's Pasta trio, my favorite of which was the homemade pappardelle with cabbage and meat sauce. My Dad had the pork shanks braised in apple cider vinegar and barley risotto (my other choice) and my Mom had the lamb chops with red wine sauce and spinach spaetzle. The pork was luscious and the lamb chops were delicious too.Dolci was outstanding as well, my parents had the Grandma Rose's apple cake with candied walnuts (those were awesome - they were coated with a marzipan type coating). I had the Caprese Torte which was chocolate and divine. All served with a dollop of mascarpone ice cream, so good!Lidia came back over and chatted for awhile with my Dad (and my Mom and me) and signed their cookbook. They talked about cooking and where in Italy they are from and the slovak influence of their youth. Her's in far north Italy, his in a coal town in PA with Italian and Slovak neighbors. Magical.The service was superb. The only sour notes were the din of the restaurant (everyone was excited!) and the "bull in the china shop" busboy (man). He actually splashed matter into my Dad's eye piling dishes and utensils on his arm busing the table next to us. It was fine, no harm, no foul and he was very nice, as was everyone on staff.I can't wait to go back!
3	I came to Lidia's with a friend for lunch one Tuesday.  I was really excited to try it out, but I just wasn't impressed.  I'd really love to come back and try the pasta trio, but I would never try anything else here.Both my friend and I ordered a pannini.  I had chicken, and he had steak.  The chicken was so salty.  I ended up taking if off of the panini, and then it tasted much better.  The pesto and bread were great so why use salty chicken?  The bread that came with the meal was good, but the soup was a letdown as well.The atmosphere is really nice, though.  It's a tablecloths and cloth napkins kind of place, and most people were in for business lunches.  The servers were good, and it's a classy vibe.Overall, after reading Yelp reviews, I would only come back here for the brunch or pasta trio.  Otherwise, there are cheaper and better options for lunch.
5	Lidias is a classy restaurant in the strip district. There's valet parking for $6 if you so wish to do so.  You step inside and see that its not a super large restaurant,  but it is large enough and has a cozy feel to it.  The light fixtures are brightly colored glass and are beautiful.  Take a look at the bar on the back wall, because it is very striking.  You dont have to dress up, but it doesnt hurt to look a little bit because you dont want a chandelier to upstage you!The menu is a two pager and everything looked very good.  My group all ordered the pasta trio.  The trio included a spaghetti type with roasted cauliflower and tomatoes, penne with ragu and mushroom ravioli. Each pasta was delicious and it was impossible to choose a favorite.  The servings are unlimited so you dont have to miss any pasta for very long before more is brought to you.  Each pasta satisfied a different food craving (light, hearty and rich) and this is what made it difficult to choose a favorite.  Dessert was also very good and I had split the chocolate cake with my uncle. Just in case you're wondering,  the chocolate cake has no shredded coconut so eat away! The description mentions coconut several times and ordinarily I'm scared that it will have shredded coconut,  but this was safe.  Lidias was a great experience and I'm glad I went.  I think its worthy of 5 stars because the service, food and atmosphere was wonderful.  Tutti a tavola a mangiare!
4	Lidia's is a good restaurant for Italy food.  Though there is little bit loud, food here are really awesome. $6 is needed for valet.
5	We visited for brunch last Sunday. It was amazing. It is $28 a person and includes a prefix menu. You get a morning cocktail, antipasto buffet, choice of entree (endless fresh made pasta trio is an option) and a dessert buffet. The serve was impeccable. The sangria and Bloody Mary were delicious. The pasta trio was incredible. The salads at the buffet were so thoughtful and tasty. Would go again! I want to make this place a tradition. Great management! Excellent food!
4	We came here for dessert and drink after dinner and we were pleasantly surprised.We each had a local beer at the bar with a pumpkin custard with pistachio brittle. Wonderful, warm, and festive, the Saturday before Christmas. Professional staff and an elegant warmth impressed us at this Italian restaurant in P'burgh's strip district.I loved looking at the decor in Lidia's. The massive slate fireplace looks like something out of Game of Thrones and I couldn't help but imagine a giant pig roasting in it. The chandeliers and the accent lights are made of handblown glass globes. The main dining room chandeliers are beautiful, in and of themselves, but they are not lit to their best advantage. Clearly expensive and complicated, but not well thought through.All that aside, the beer was great, the pumpkin custard was fabulous and we had a great time walking back to the hotel in the warm Pittsburgh rain.
2	I'm not sure why people like this place so much.  The wait was long, the food came out cold, and the pastas were overcooked, gluey, greasy messes. The service was friendly but the food was very poor. Will never go back.
3	What you need to know, which I did not, is that this is a massive, chain restaurant.  They can seat several 100 people.  It's like the type of restaurant you find at a casino.  It's an upscale chain, but it's basically a chain.  And, the food is tasty and well prepared. They do what they do well.
4	Absolutely loved this place! Went for restaurant week and had an amazing beet and apple salad, butternut squash ravioli, pork, and apple caramel cake.  My friend got the 3 pastas which were all amazing and the tiramisu. Would recommend to anyone!
4	Stop here on a visit to Pittsburg . Was surprised by how great the food was . Coming at brunch was perfect as the anti pasta bar was filled with olives , salads , salmon , mussels , veggies and meats. I chose the pasta trio . Perfect choice as it was a great way to sample three pastas . My mushroom filled ravioli was the highlight of the plate . Every bite had a perfect mix of mushroom and cheese . Service started out great  however at time to receive bill we lost our waitress for about 10 mins. Not the best ending for such a wonderful tasting brunch .
2	I've had some excellent meals here when there were 3 or 4 of us.  I've had two group functions that were  way less than wonderful. I would not entertain having an event for any more than 4 people.  Even 10 people taxed the staff!
4	Went here for an early Valentine's Dinner last night. The service was great. We both ordered the pasta trio and the waiters' were very attentive at filling up our plates as soon as they neared empty. We also got the Polito appetizer to start and it was delicious- mix of octopus, potatoes, capers, onions and olives. Also, their wine bottles for $29 are a great deal. Just took off one star for the decor- a little outdated. Still a great night though- definitely recommend.
4	I think this will bounce between a 3.5 and 4.5.My caveats are these: we ate there on Valentine's Day while visiting Pittsburgh, though we didn't know it would be a prix fixe menu. Second, I love Lidia's cooking and have been waiting a long time to get to her place.The restaurant is beautiful inside. The Valentine's menu was more limited than what I had hoped for - the whole menu - but it wasn't bad. We included the wine pairings with our menu. Bruschetta around as the first (with prosecco); the endive salad, tarte, and roasted beets (x2) for primi; three pastas (x2), swordfish, and salmon for mains. Both sets came with a selection of either a white or red wine. Dessert is four pieces per person (truffle, petit four, chocolate cookie, and one other), plus dessert wine. The food was excellent, with one misfire on the veggie version of the paparadelle (normally bolognese) - it was weak in the sauce and more tomato juice than sauce. Cost is an issue on the rating: the menu was $50 and the wine pairing (not required) was $25. Once you get into the $75 range pp, ($360 with tip), you actually expect a bit more than this - better wine, a few tweeks to the menu. I think that with a full menu we might do less food, different choices, and split a bottle of wine and get in for about $60 pp, which seems more reasonable to me. I suspect a night with the full set of options would work out better. 3.5 for this night; probably more like 4.5 on another night. Definitely worth the trip.
5	Great food and service, very pleased with my Valentine's day dinner here.  Planning to come back to try more of their fare, since their Valentine's day menu was limited.
3	I had dinner at Lidia's on Saturday evening, February 22, 2014. I flew in from TX to celebrate my parent's 50th wedding anniversary. Lidia's was the chosen restaurant and I was very excited. We were a party of 8 and were crowded around a round table. Five of us ordered the Pasta Trio and it was the BEST fettuccine and ravioli! The pasta was fresh and the taste was out of this world! The disappointment came when we wanted more. We sat at length waiting for seconds after our initial taste trio. When we were served again, I received a spoonful of fettuccine - one to three bites. Our drinks, other than water, were only refilled once. I ended up switching from iced tea to water, not by choice but before I noticed, my tea glass was filled with water. I was also bumped throughout the meal by wait staff walking between me and a temporary wall that was put up to accommodate a large birthday party. Fortunately I can get good pasta with much better service elsewhere. I really wish I could say otherwise but I will not be back and wouldn't recommend this location unless maybe for lunch or a less busy evening. I am pretty sure if Lidia experienced the service in her own restaurant she would be appalled!
1	What an embarrassment. Rotten/black  salad greens. A server with a black eye. Pedestrian "signature" pasta. Plates and glasses left uncleared. Greasy, scratchy plates at buffet. All yours for $28 per person!
3	I don't mind paying high prices for great food, I just want it to be great and if it's not, I do expect the service to make up for it. Lidia's food was pretty good, but the service was just average and for the price of pasta, they weren't very accommodating to special requests.Most of our group ordered the three pasta special. After the first round of pasta came by it seemed to take forever to get another round. The dessert I was hoping to get was 'reserved' for those ordering a special dinner that night, and when I ordered a glass of 'a dry red wine that's a bit oaky' I ended up with a somewhat sweet cabernet.While the pasta that did come to the table was excellent, it wouldn't be enough to sway me back.
3	I came here for brunch on Sunday with a reservation for 7. We were seated right away and greeted by our server almost immediately. Our drinks were never empty and there was never a point where we were looking around trying to get our servers' attention. Now, on to the food. Brunch is $28 which includes coffee, a choice of a mimosa, sangria, or a bloody mary, antipasti table, entree, and dessert table. This is a great deal, with an overwhelming array of food options. My bloody mary was very good and spicy. I tasted the sangria and it was good as well. As each member of my brunch party went up to the antipasti table, an employee would come over and try to sell Lidia's books and pasta sauce. Who wants to be haggled while trying to grab a piece of salami? I don't understand why the management team thinks this is acceptable. I was completely turned off by this and it was annoying to everyone I was with. The antipasti table as good, but not great. The caesar salad was completely overdressed and the romaine was almost brown. Why would they use old lettuce? You can tell immediately just by looking at it that it isn't fresh. The entree I chose was the pasta trio and they were all fabulous. I had mushroom ravioli, ricotta with fettucine, and a penne bolognese. They were all so good I couldn't pick a favorite. I would come back, but if I was bothered at the antipasti table again I would ask to speak with management.
3	Had Pollo Al Limone and Pasta Trio, as well as the Caesar salad that came with it. Overall I think the dishes have complex flavor profiles and are enjoyable to eat. Their service is good and the interior is clean and simple.However, I would have like it better if they took it easy on the salt with everything and if the chicken breast was a little less chewy. It might also help to lower the price and lessen the portions. It was too much to eat. I'm not sure yet if I'd go again given the other options in Pittsburgh. I'd like to try the other items on the menu but it's too pricey if I'm to expect the same kind of food as last time.
4	Was staying near the Convention Center and decided to try Lidia's.  Glad I did.It was busy but was able to get a table immediately.  Ordered the Mushroom Risotto, which was outstanding.  My colleague had the Italian Sausage which he said was also very good.  The menu had some great choices, will definitely go back again to try other dishes.It's a bit pricey ($100 for two meals, a split appetizers and two drinks each) but worth it.  Probably wouldn't take my kids here, but would be a great date spot.  It's spacious and even when it's crowded, it's not too loud.Service is very good, food came out at a reasonable pace.
5	Another great (WEEKEND) brunch at Lidia's. $28.00 Prix fixe.  Today I had the Yellow Fin Tuna special.  Seared Yellow Fin with Broccoli Rabe and mango salsa verde.  I did not expect the portion to be so big.  I actually had to get it wrapped to take home.  Their Antipasto table is always delicious with seasonal additions.  Today, among the regular fare, (like their marinated/seasoned olives) there were mussels, a broccoli salad and caramelized onions atop crunchy bread.  All Yummy !! My Yellow tail special was cooked perfectly and delicious; I was really surprised at the large piece of tuna.  (posted pic) I did have reservations (recommended) so I was seated immediately and the service here is always stellar.  For $28.00 you can not get a better meal (and a drink)  You will be full by the time you leave, and the food is so creative and scrumptious.  The staff never rushes you out !!  Take your time, eat and eat more and enjoy !!  Just some FYI.  The $28. brunch is only on Sat & Sun. There is LOT parking right across the street, on Smallman St., with tons of spaces.  Today it was $6.00 for all day parking; I have never seen it above $10.00.   Worth it because it is right at Lidia's front door and if you planning on visiting the Strip Shops afterwards, it is an all day price.  Much better than looking for street parking and walking for blocks.  Yelp asks if this place is good for kids ??  This is kind of hard to answer.  It is a casual place but "upscale" casual if that makes sense.  Children are never an issue for me if they are well behaved and entertained.  Speaking only of their "brunch" I would say OK for kids but the cuisine is not really geared towards a child.  If you bring a child under the age of 12 well, I think you may have to feed them from the dessert bar.  I just don't think that they would find the antipasto table or creative menu options appealing.  When I was 12, I did not even know what Antipasto meant.  Hey, thats just me. :)
5	Visited here on Thursday evening (3/20) around 6:30 pm for dinner.  It was not packed although there were several patrons and more walking in as we were leaving.  No wait time.  I noticed upstairs they had a conference room enclosed with glass walls - looks like it would be a nice place for a birthday party or small private engagement.The food:Bread - The complimentary bread basket had a mixture of parmesan bread sticks and a couple other bread variations.  It came with two bean type dips and olive oil.  The parmesan bread stick is so good!!! I would've hoarded it all if I weren't on a business trip.  Alas, I had to pretend to be civilized and eat only two.  The bread was good, nothing that stood out, but I love bread I'll eat it anyway.Fish of the day - I ordered the fish of the day which was rainbow trout over farro.  It came with some sort of creamy sauce that brought everything together perfectly.  A lot of times, the grains that come with the dish are pretty simple, I felt the farro was seasoned to bring out the flavor and texture of it rather than masking it.  I ate every single bit, it was so good.Dessert - Ordered the biscotti/cookie dessert which came with one scoop of vanilla ice cream with espresso poured over the top in affogato style.  It came with an assortment of cookies, none of which were too sweet.  It came with two of each of Anise and almond biscotti, peanut butter cookie with chopped peanuts, some sort of dark cocoa crispy biscotti type cookie, spice cookie - like ginger molasses, pistachio cookies, and chocolate crinkle cookies. All were pretty small and probably around 1.5" in diameter.  It would be a good dessert to share, but I don't share and I don't share desserts of all things.  The one cookie I liked the least was the crispy dark cocoa thing, I don't know what it is.  I really liked the spice cookie.  The chocolate crinkle cookie was very fudgy and almost like a brownie in a cookie form. Service was great, although a little pretentious.  Restaurant nice, clean, and upscale, and food came out fast, piping out, and perfect!  Price is fair for the quality.  I would definitely return here!
4	Had dinner with my son last night and it was fabulous. He went for the ribeye and I had roasted chicken. We started with the grilled calamari which was decent, could have used more calamari and less chick peas. The main courses were cooked perfectly and delish!  Definitely will go back when returning to Pittsburgh.
2	We finally made it to Lydia's and unfortunately it was disappointing! The olive spreads that come with the bread basket were gritty and tasteless. The lasagne I ordered was flavorless as well. The pasta in the lasagna was a nice texture. My husband ordered the $42 steak, he ordered it mid rare and it was a bit over cooked but the issue with the steak was the flavor if a dirty grill. The Tiramisu was very good also the calamari appetizer was terrific. The service was good but she hovered too much for me personally. We also had several drinks....So, in the end $180 left a bad taste in my mouth..........
1	Went yesterday after my daughter's college graduation.  When the grad ceremony ran longer than expected, I called the hostess to let her know we had been delayed but were departing and hoped to be there soon.  As we were sitting in traffic, I received a call from a man who identified himself as the general manager and rudely asked if I still intended to be dining there.  After I explained our delay and that I had just spoke with the hostess, he (again very rudely) wanted to know how much longer I thought it would take for me to get to the restaurant.  We arrived at Lydia's about 30 minutes late for a mid-afternoon reservation.   There were several large parties but quite a number of open tables.  Upon presenting at the hostess table, neither the hostess or the general manager acknowledged us for several minutes while they continued some discussion between the two of them.  We were seated at a small round table tucked in a corner - very small for a party of five.Our server arrived and explained the menu, which was the buffet brunch at the time. He spoke so quickly and mumbled so much that we had trouble understanding him.  We ordered our drinks and he indicated he would take our order when he returned with the drinks.  He later returned without our drinks and told us that they needed to break down the buffet to prep for upcoming dinner service so we could not have the antipasto or dessert portions of the brunch. Instead they would charge us ala carte but we would be limited to the entrees on the brunch menu and they could provide a Caesar salad or cup of soup.  He the left and returned later to take our order - still no drinks. We eventually received Caesar salad (not fresh, limp and overdressed) and drinks.  We were seated within view of the antipasto buffet and were able to observe that we were on to the service of our entrees well before the antipasto buffet was broken down. Clearly there was no reason that our menu needed to be so restricted.  Food was ok.  Chicken was salty and overpowered by capers.  Individuals who ordered pasta trio indicated two of three were good.  Unfortunately, the table set up required the server to hold the pasta skillet over my lap in order to serve those seated on the other side of the table.  No mishaps but a few close calls.  Amounts provided in first serving were small and it was nearly impossible to get an additional serving.  Two individuals never did receive the second serving of one of the pastas that they requested.  We were able to order from dessert menu.  Desserts were unremarkable and very small.  Service was horrible.  Our server did not return.  Took great effort to flag him down for additional drinks.  House wine and mimosa were overpriced at $12 and $13 respectively given size and quality.Gentleman bussing our table was the only positive of our experience. He was friendly and accommodating.I will not return again and would discourage others as well.
1	Not impressed by this restaurant.  Ordered the pasta trio, which was recommended by the waitress and was labeled on the menu as "all you can eat".  The staff service gave small portions of each and hardly returned for further portions.  If I wanted "all you can eat" I would have been at the restaurant all night waiting to be served.  The pasta was cold when served.  The frozen pasta from my son's school fundraiser was better.  I would not recommend nor would I ever return.
4	My family and I came here for Sunday brunch to celebrate my father's birthday.  We were seated around noon and I was starving.  As other people have said, don't you dare eat a single thing before you come here or you will have to be rolled out like Violet Beauregarde.They start you off with a complimentary blood mary or mimosa.  Um, hai.  I like your style.  And you pick your entree (of course, the famous pasta trio is an option).Then you get to take your fill of their antipasto spread.  A dozen different salad options, mussels, cheese, olives, frittata...  I had to try a bit of everything and yes, I was that person walking back to my table with two plates.My entree was duck gnocchi.  I felt a little guilty because I adore duckies but damn was it tasty.  The gnocchi were like little pillows they were so light and fluffy.  Lidia, WHAT IS YOUR SECRET!?  Best gnocchi I have ever had (and I don't even really like it that much; something about it just called to me).And then they wrap you up with a dessert table.  I was about read to pop and we had homemade ice cream and cake at home but I couldn't stop myself.  The little cookies were crisp and perfectly satisfying to wrap up a meal.  But I didn't stop there.  You're at Lidia's, you eat the tiramisu.  Creamy, sweet but not too sweet, and perfect with a cup of coffee.  That coffee was so good, I didn't even need cream and sugar.Slight downfalls: the waiter didn't know who was the birthday person (discreetly ask if you don't know, just don't plunk it down in front of someone) and the wait staff cleared away all serviceware before I was done.  I still had bread on my plate and I also needed a knife to cut through the baguette French-toast-like dessert - would have liked to enjoy it but I couldn't.All in all, a great brunch.  Definitely the place to go for a special occasion.
3	Food Good overall, Owner & some help a bit bitchy
4	I love Lidia's pasta trio. My husband and I went several times over the year we lived in Pittsburgh, and we always loved getting one of their seasonal drinks while we waited for our table. Desserts are ok - not really as good as the dinners or the drinks - but worth trying. This is a must-go for anyone who is an Italian food fan. You won't be disappointed.
2	Only average at best and when you figure in the slow service, cold food and high price i cant even give it an average rating. You can get better Italian food at any hole in the wall in Philadelphia, New York or Boston any time. i wanted to love it so much after watching Lidia on TV but the restaurant doesn't bring her own magic to the table it seems.
5	Classy Wonderful establishment. Visited for my mother's 60th birthday.   She was astonished. For that very reason,  I love this place. The food was great the servicew was excellent.  Kudos to Waiter Cheno!!!  Well definitely visit again.
5	AMAZING pasta! Went for lunch and tried the trio. All very good. Great service and fresh food. Will definitely be back. It is a little pricey for lunch, but the taste makes it worth it.
5	Yum! Pasta Trio was fantastic. The waiter was pleasant and the food was hot And very very fresh. Visiting Pittsburgh has been a treat and this restaurant has made it even more memorable.
4	Having basic cable for a few years now, I guess I missed who Lidia is. But her restaurant is sure nice. Wonderful and attentive service, nice atmosphere, and large portions of tasty food. I had the gnocchi, which comes with duck ragu - fantastic! I'm a huge fan of duck, and this was a new approach for me. The duck played really well with the thick ragu sauce. Not the best potato dumplings in a gnocchi, but still quite good. My friends dishes were also great, especially the lasagna which was massive.A nice comfort Italian joint with some unique twists and lovely service. Strikes me as a good spot that can please many different tastes.
4	Overall we enjoyed the experience at Lydia's.   The ambience , service and food were all very good. We started with deep fried artichokes with a mustard aioli. ...lightly breaded and cooked perfectly.  We shared their Caesar salad...a favorite  they say and done very well..great favors in the dressing.  My only ding is that they slightly over dressed the lettuce for my liking.  Then my husband and I both ordered the pasta trio...on this day they served a potato leek ravioli, a basil parmesan tagliatelle and a sausage, fennel rigatoni.  All were very good however, both of us liked the rigatoni best...with lots of flavors in the meat sauce.  We also enjoy wine with our pasta a nice bottle of white wine but for an upscale Italian restaurant the quality of the wine glasses was mediocre and thus swayed us toward a lower cost wine.
4	I've been here for a brunch which I really enjoyed. You just helped yourself to a buffet. It was of course scrumptious! Don't remember exactly what I had but remember it was good!
4	Great Restaurant with great food nice wine. The inside ambience is good but there's no nice view of the city.
3	pasta was OK. Not the best not the worst. Wasn't thoroughly wowed...
5	My sister was in Pittsburgh last week and I begged her to go to Lydia's.She did not have time to eat there but she stopped and bought some pasta sauce.It is the best pasta sauce I have ever had and everyone that ate it agreed.I could not believe that it came out of a jar.  My sister was eating it cold by the spoonful's.  I see that I can order it online in bulk, which I will do. I love your show!  Thank you.  I love Grandma also.
2	A restaurant that has gone steeply downhill...It's been roughly 2-3 years since I have been to lidias, an experience in which I remember having decent food and service... Tonight was far different.Overall, let me say that the restaurant is becoming dated. Colors and decor seem boring and out of style. I didn't get that warm feeling I should in a place where there are white clothes, $12 average glasses of wine (like come on - I looked up the crappy bottle it came from) and waiters everywhere.The service was horrible. From hostess crew to the bar to the waitress, it was bad. The hostess forgot about us, then when I reminded him we were waiting (40 minutes - despite a reservation), to which he said "oh yes, I was just going to get you"... But he wasn't because we stood there a few minutes while he set the table. Rude.Did I mention the service was bad? Well, while we were waiting we had a glass of wine each (a steep $13.50 glass each - definitely didn't live up to my expectations). The bar staff wasn't concerned with us and weren't friendly at all. They were chatting to themselves and basically ignoring us.  When we got to the table, it took 10 mins to meet our waitress. Then it took another 15 to order.  Then 50 mins to get our food!!! I had the pasta trio (remember this meal takes no time to cook  - as this is ready made and constantly being served) and my wife had the porkchop. Honestly, we typically enjoy our restaurant food (just read my Casbah review) but our food was really just so-so. My wife's pork chop was fatty and over-cooked (despite the waitress specifically making note of how the chef prefers to cook it medium). My pasta was decent, which I ate, and requested seconds (which is allowed for the trio because they give you very small portions).... However, seconds never came. Waitress didn't even know until I told her politely. Then she blamed new staff working the pasta routes... No good enough reason for me - sorry. Then the bill.  I ordered the pasta trio for $23 and the waitress asked me if I wanted to upgrade my Salad for $2, to which I approved. However she charged the $36 pasta trio (which comes with desert). I told her this was a mistake and she agreed and ran back with a new check. Now I had a $10 salad and $23 pasta trio. I was expecting $23 +$2 salad upgrade. Nope. So I explained to her politely that I ordered the $23 trio to which she (must have) mistakenly offered me an upgrade. I accepted. However I was told I was wrong and she didn't offer to make this right. Ugh. Seriously you want to fight me on it? Especially when I know I was being appropriately (not like I was trying to score a free meal). Isn't the rule "customer is always right"?Finally, we felt like the whole restaurant clientele has declined. How many people did we see in tie-dye shirt or wearing hats (literally wearing hats at 8:30pm in a fine dining restaurant)? We saw enough to know that this isn't the lidias we expected.We won't ever go back or recommend the place.  As far as we are concerned - there is a very good reason that you don't have a problem getting a reservation here (because IT STINKS!). Avoid!
4	Had the frico and fritto misto for appetizers - definitely enjoyed the fritto misto (calamari) more than the frico. For the meal, selected the three pasta dinner which included a spinach pasta, ravioli in cheese sauce and penne with meat sauce. The latter two were very good and the meal was available with limitless quantities of pasta, which was a good deal. For dessert, had tiramisu, which was not too soggy, good consistency and tasted excellent.
5	Oh yum!!!After a VERY stressful week this week Lidia's was a wonderful oasis on a Thursday night. Our server (Robert) was a breath of fresh air in his knowledge and love of food.HAVE THE BURRATA!  No, I am not kidding. It was so good that it just about brought my coworker to tears. :) All of food was wonderful and it was refreshing that a restaurant would let us sit and enjoy our food. After a wonderful three hours at Lidia's we eventually made our way back to the hotel (with a tiramisu to go).
1	What a disappointment. When the water glass cracked in my hand as the server poured and soaked us, we should have known it would be that kind of evening. Worst part of the meal was the pasta trio--the limpest, pastiest, most tasteless mass of lukewarm pasta I have ever been served. One waiter saved the day by insisting I reorder, while everyone else in the joint was content to let us stew. Every aspect of the experience was substandard although when I reordered, the beet salad was very good. Overall, Lidia should be ashamed to have her name on a place like that.
2	We were so looking forward to the food but our experience was awful. The restaurant is too large with modern decor with hideous red plastic/leatherette chairs but at lunchtime it had no character. There was no background music. The waiter was young and inexperienced. It seems that now that Lidia is famous she is no longer involved in the cooking  so the food is like any larger chain or worse without the quality control. Table cloth was dirty, the staff was not friendly and the decor and furniture were unkept. The best part were the breadsticks and dips with olive oil. Would not recommend it.
3	Since I just became a member yesterday, I reviewed a bunch of restaurants that I have eaten at in the last several weeks. Today again, I ate out after work so I decided to do another review. Today I gave Lidia's in the Strip a try, as I have heard good things, but negative things as well. Overall, I thought the place was a little outdated, overpriced, but decent food. I had the polio al limone, which I guess is close to what we know as Chicken Picatta. My buddy ordered the Lidias pasta trio, which was pretty cool, and quite tasty as well.. The only downfall here seems the price for what you get, as well as the service is a little "shakey". Overall pretty decent, I would maybe come back, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
4	We have been to Lidia's twice now, and have received delicious food and excellent service both times.  We have only been on weeknights, and with reservations, however, so I'm not at all discrediting the reviews that discussed poor service on weekend nights and/or without reservations.The pasta trio special was good when I had it, but my favorite dish is the gnocchi with duck ragu. I also loved my husband's wild boar ravioli. Skip the overpriced wine and order one of the house sodas instead. The ginger cranberry is fabulous!  We also love love love the frico and burrata appetizers. The frico is large and rich enough that it's really enough for two people, but the appetizers are yummy, so everyone might as well get their own and bring home whatever they can't finish.  Note to parents of babies, this restaurant is very family friendly, in our experience. We loved bringing our infant daughter here and were pleased that the restaurant offers slings for carseats for the smaller babies as well as highchairs for babies who are of sitting up age (many places don't have the slings). The lady's room and its changing station were very clean. The staff often stopped to smile back at the baby when she was smiling at them, and our waiter asked if we needed anything for her. Not necessary, but very nice, and appreciated.They have valet parking, but we just park about a block away and walk, since we sometimes enjoy walking further down the strip district, anyway.
5	Have always had superior meals here. Wine selection is good. Service is always top-notch.
4	I had high expectations for this place and I must say I left a little underwhelmed. The service was excellent, the food was good, but not outstanding. I have to say my favorite part was my caesar salad. I would definitely go back, but just with lower expectations.
3	Not sure I had a typical experience - being here on Thanksgiving - but a few overall impressions.Nice location with easy access.  Nice interior - very cool light fixtures and bottle display on the wall.  Now here's the part where I feel old!  It seemed like the space was dark on the inside and the contrast between the highly lit bottle wall and the interior darkness kind of made me feel blinded. Similarly, the light of outdoors on the other side did the same.  Ok - that's a minor thing.  The space did feel a little cool too - and a little heat wouldn't have been bad.The service was fairly good and everyone was happy.I tend to gravitate towards lighter meals that seem healthier.I'd give it a try again but tend to think I'd probably have to immediately split my meal in half and take it home as the portion sizes looked large and maybe not too healthy....
1	Lidia, you should be ashamed! This spot wouldn't have lasted a year in NYC. Citizens of Pittsburgh, don't be fooled. Lidia's is average at best. I ate here when it opened,a and again 4 years later. Nothing has changed. We did have some great bar nibbles, quality cocktails, and a good bottle of wine off of a pretty good list, but the food and service lacked. For starters we were served ice cold meatballs and limp soggy salads. The took away everything and only brought back fresh salads (mind you, we were one of about 10 tables being served that evening!). The entrees were dull and lacked seasoning. The servers were confused (how many times does it take to ask fro fresh pepper?) and our waiter seemed to hand off our table to another server. It's tough to find anything good here. Just another 'poser'.
5	I've been a Lidia's fan a long time.  The food is exceptional as is the staff.  Melissa at the bar is a kick if you ever sit at the bar.  The Osso Bucco when offered is 3 very goods. You really cannot go wrong.  Classic and New World Italian collide perfectly.
2	SETTING:Nice environment that was able to cater to groups of all sizes, from small parties to even an ugly sweater party (this really happened!). Kind of dresses itself up to be a nice sit-down place, but unfortunately, the food was not on the same level.FOOD:For appetizers, I shared the Calamari with my friend and for the main entree, I got the recommended Pasta Trio. First off, I love calamari. A lot. I've definitely had better at similar quality establishments. The calamari was very bland and did not taste fresh. The batter was not crisp and crunchy. The sauce tasted watered down. The recommended "Pasta Trio" (3 types of pastas and "all you can eat") was a bit below average. For a recommendation, I expected more. Overall, the food was underwhelming. My friend always cleans her plate. So clean, that it looks like she was served only the plate. This was the first time that she did not finish her dish (Chicken Cacciatore). She is not super picky, so this really meant she did not like it.The type of food here is comparable to Olive Garden in terms of American-Italian fare, but I would rather eat at Olive Garden anyday. OG just tastes better and is way cheaper.SERVICE:Mediocre at best. The waters were not kept filled. Not a huge deal for me since I drink slowly, but some of my friends kept looking for the water and it clearly distracted them from their dining experience. The Pasta Trio is "all you can eat" and they come back to refill your plate. A few of us were waiting on the third round...and we never got it. Even though the food was not the tastiest, we were hungry and still needed to be fed. The wait staff didn't even ask if we wanted a third serving, and just took our plates quickly without giving us a chance. A few of us were still left a little bit hungry...it was a grumpy ride home :( IMPRESSIONS:Relative to the pricing of the food, I expected better quality. Even if the pricing was on par with comparable establishments, the quality of the food was lacking. I hate to say this, but we had a disappointing experience overall, from the food to the service.
4	I'll start with the exceptional service.  The servers really act as a team. They each know the menu really well. I have a gluten allergy, which makes this very important. The timing of the meal was perfect.  Never waited too long for any part of the meal, but didn't feel rushed either.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is mixed. Casual, but nice.   It can get loud, and doesn't lend itself to a romantic evening.  That said, I find it very inviting. Table are a little close, but nothing too bad.The food was very good, but not great.  Prices are a little high for Pittsburgh. The servers have always suggested the Pasta Trio, which my wife had.  Each of the three smelled fabulous. She enjoyed each, having a second helping of only one of the three, because they give you enough on the first go around.  With celiac disease, I was very happy to see they've added gluten free pasta to their menu.  I had their house made corn pasta ravioli filled with pumpkin & cheese in a brown butter sauce.  It was very good, but the texture was a little off. Prices for gluten free were reasonable. I'd still return here, although at these price levels, just not as often.
2	Service was excellent.  The menu offerings were spotty.A group 16 of us attended the Saints-Steelers game in November.  We attend most of the away games and have an opportunity to eat at some very good restaurants.  Lidia's was a place I was looking forward to because I am aware of her by reputation.   We had several appetizers including the bruschetta, which was really only to my liking.  The balsamic was excellent - syrupy and sweet - and clearly a nicely aged one.  But it was incongruous with the rest of the dish, and so not many enjoyed it.  The bread served at the table was really very good and we devoured baskets of it. Comments from some of the other diners:- Baked shrimp appetizer was pretty good, the calamari was very good.  - Rucola  salad was (in my opinion) excellent- Beet salad was interesting and overall very good- Butternut squash soup was enjoyed by several of us- Scampi alla Felidia was ordered by several guests with mixed opinions- Lasagna bolognese?  so so at bestGnocchi and duck ragu was what I ordered.  I was very disappointed. The duck was shredded and cooked into a sort of red congealed, thick mass with little texture.  The gnocchi were so underdone as to be a sort of glutinous paste sitting under the duck.  The texture was completely unappealing but I do have to say that the flavor of the duck ragu (ragout?) was pretty good. Still, the gnocchi - one of my favorite things and something I make myself probably once a month - were a disappointment.  I didn't send it back because it didn't seem appropriate in the setting of a very large group to monopolize the wait staff.  I'd still give it a try again when I'm there in June, but it seems that some of their efforts are focused more on being creative, which is good, but falling somewhat short.By the way, if you like a more traditional Italian and happen to be in St. Louis, Charlie Gitto's on the Hill is a great place. Similar in ambiance and quality to Lidia's, the service there can't be beat and the food is quite good as well.
1	I had really high expectations for this place but the food was overpriced & bland my lasagna tasted like it was made by Stouffers. The service was excellent the food nothing great.
