5	Food is awesome, fresh seafood Mexican style. Staff is friendly food is great. Try the molcajete if you love mixed seafood. Empanadas are great filled with shrimp, wow, their cervezas preparadas come with cucumber, jicamaand orange, sounds odd but it's delicious.
5	Omg this place is so good they have a  new twist to a beer soo good  instead of salsa and chips they serve you ceviche with crackers.
3	After some thought about trying a Different Mexican seafood place and being recommended by a friend to try El Dorado. I decided to stop by on a weekday. The place looks clean, the parking lot is very small and the service was okay. I was greeted with some type of fish tostada (courtesy). I ordered the shrimp tostada, in real life it looks a lot smaller that the picture in the menu. Then I tried the pulpos in salsa Nayarit, I wasn't impressed by its flavor and presentation.  I might give it another try in the future. Overall it didn't live to my first visit expectations...
5	Best Mexican seafood In Las Vegas hands down !!! This place is awesome in every single way shape and form !!! OMG seriously I been looking  for a place like this here in Las Vegas every time we come ... The Chef is super nice and attentive , he gave us a couple of samples of food we were unsure to order , but after we had it for sure we will order next time around , service in general is a plus , don't get fooled by the location , this spot is the place to go , " El Balazo" a seafood shooter kind of like a cocktail in a shot glass , must have ...Come and feel confident that no matter what you order it will be amazing .
5	We had lunch at this restaurant the day after Christmas this year and everything we ordered was very good. We had ceviche with tostadas, coctel de camaron, camarones aguachiles, caldo 7 mares, caldo de camaron, and a variety of kids menu items.  As you can imagine, our party was pretty big, and the waitresses did an awesome job at accommodating us and providing us with everything we needed. Next time you're looking for a Mariscos Restaurant, stop by here...they will not disappoint you.
5	Nice,service extremely fresh food, nicely cook, nice presentation? The waitress are fast! And pretty! If you came to Las Vegas and want good sea food this would be a good option!
5	My friends and I were driving by spotted this place. Sat down and our waitress lizeth took care of like if we're vip's food was amazing my friend had shrimp fajitas that were on point I had fish tacos wow were to die for I recommend this place for any out of towner or local
