4	This is my go-to place for my bi-monthly pedicure.  The staff here are friendly and efficient, and do a great job on my feet. I've had horrible pedis in the past, (cut and bleeding cuticles! So painful!) and i've not had any issues here.Due to new laws, they can't use a callus shaver any longer, but they have started using a very good gel remover that (along with a rasp file) does as good of a job.The color selection is pretty good, but I normally bring my own nail polish. Their equipment is kept clean and they always santitize their foot-tubs after every client.They are always packed on weekends!
5	If you want the best pedicure and foot masage ask for Jimmi.  He also does great pink n white full sets and pink n white back fills!  Great friendly service!  The owner likes to get to know her customers on a first name basis.
4	Great little shop! They were able to get 3 of us in at one time with little waiting. It was a week day in the afternoon... so that might have helped. Otherwise they were really nice! We had 3 pedicures and they were wonderfully comfortable.They do a small massage on your lower leg, pound the soul of your foot, and clean up your nails nicely!The price is extremely affordable! Pedis were $20 flat! I gave a $5 for tip, even though there was still some paint smudges on my toes, the paint is holding up and looks good.They also offer free wifi, so you can bring your iphone, ipad, or laptop and relax while getting your feet done :)When I visit vegas again I'll be sure to stop by, it's only a hop and skip away from my Dad's house.
1	$20 pedicure...the worst I ever had....the lady was so rough and rushed through the whole thing...instead of relaxing after a long week I was nervous and anxious the whole time. It was so bad I felt like walking out.
4	There are so many nail shops...almost in every plaza no matter where you are.  I had a hard time finding a place where I can go all the time so when I moved out her back in 2006, I would just go to a different place every two weeks.  When this place opened up...just down the street from where I live I was ecstatic.  I was a little hesitant but tried it any way.  The place just opened up about a couple weeks when my friend and I walked in.  We were greeted by the owners who are a middle aged couple from Laos.  To our surprise there wasn't a lot of the sterotypical nail shop side bar conversations by the workers but instead I noticed that the workers focused on their customers and had conversations with their customers.  I've been a loyal customer ever since and it has been about 3 years since they've been opened.  I love the work that they do.  The price for a regular spa pedi is $20 and they offer a deluxe spa pedi for $30.  I don't think it's worth the extra $10 as the only difference is they rub your feet with exfoliating sea salt granules and a mint mask and wrap it in an extremely hot towel for about a minute.  The regular pedi is just as satisfying and will leave you with $10 in your wallet for a cocktail :)
4	Good service and good prices.  Had a very relaxing time.   They did a good job on my pedicure and manicure.  The polish was excellent.  I was very pleased.  My only concern had to do with sterilizing their equipment which is why I gave it four stars and not five.  I didn't see any sterilizing going on.  I would have preferred to see the clippers, etc. come our of a new bag.  Other than that, they were terrific.
2	I think it all comes down to who does your main/pedi at these places. And, unfortunately, who I had did not do a good job.Pros:- walk-ins welcome- great massage chairs- large flatscreen TV- free wifi- only $35.50 for a mani/pedi combo- decent selection of polishes- seems like they have a lot of regularsCons:- can get quite busy after 5pm (so you are better off making an appt.)- not exactly the nicest looking place- you need to know who to ask for in order to get a job well done- products and tools are of poor qualityMy particular nail tech did ok on my pedi, but I definitely got less than the others getting a pedi. And there was pretty much no foot and leg massage (and let's face it, that's one of the best parts). Plus, only a couple of days later, and my toenail polish is chipping (highly unusual for me). The mani was the worst - no soak, no massage, etc. And the nail shaping was icky. Plus, to top it all off, the polish job was horrible. Frankly, my 3-yr old niece could have done a better job painting my nails.I wouldn't be opposed to coming here again since others do seem to be quite pleased (and the price is rather awesome). I would just be sure to make an appt. and request one of the better nail techs.
4	I have been going here for about a year now for mani/ped/eye brow wax. I don't always get the same person, but each time I was extremely satisfied with the final result. The prices are reasonable and the staff is nice enough. Every time I have had my nails done here I received numerous compliments. They pay attention to detail and want you to leave happy. My favorite have been pink tips with lots of glitter :)
1	I tried this nail salon as a last minute new set. The lady did my nails too thin and no matter how many times I asked her to add another layer of acrylic she said trust me I know what I'm doing. My nails are paper thin, way too short from where she cut the tip and not at all what I asked for! Now I have to find another salon to get my nails fixed.
2	The word I would use for this place is "meh." I've definitely experienced better. :-(I came here because it was a hop, skip, and a jump from my house and I needed a fill. The gentleman that did my nails was very nice but very slow and caked on the acrylic. (My usual place had to file them down for a while to fix)The place wasn't very attractive and looked like it needed a little (understatement) help organizing. The products used for my fill seemed like maybe they were old b/c I've never had a fill lift so fast in my life. I'm sorry to say, I don't think I'll be back here ever. With the looks of the place I'm honestly afraid to catch a fungus if they can't even try to keep the salon looking clean.Note to self: Look around and accept the cleanliness of the location first before sitting down and getting started. :-/
4	Went to this salon because it is near my house. I went I get my nails redone for Halloween and birthday weekend. It was a lot cheaper than last place I went too. However I do have to say that I came out with a bunch of little cuts on my fingers due to the lady not paying attention when using the drill.
1	Not at all what I asked for. She kept assuring me my manicure was going to look like the picture I showed her, and that she knew how to do fading with gel polish. She painted a ridiculous stripe, cut my nails down to nubs, and made me bleed. The shop is NOT clean. The tools still had skin from the last client on them.
1	I went here I believe twice once to get my nails done and then the second time to get them fixed. I went here because it was so close to home. The guy that did my nails the first time was nice enough, but I don't think he knew what he was doing, and he was constantly checking his phone, and said it was his wife. It didn't bother me too much because family is important. A lady there (I don't remember her name, and I wish I did) was very rude and kept telling me I need to do all "gel gel" on my nails. I politely decline because I figured that having a gel bottom and top coat would make the regular polish last longer (and I did mention to the guy. He said it will last longer.) Within days I was back because of the chipping, the lady mentioned above "fixed" my nails in the way I thought they should have been done in the beginning she said that everyone has their own way of doing things. She was again very rude (and was nice and sweet to other people) and tried so hard to talk me into getting a pedi, because fixes are free. I KNEW I should have done my research before coming to this place, but I went because of the location. This place was not very clean at all, and I should have walked right out the door when I went in.
1	This is one of the worst nail salons I have ever spent money in. They need to all go back to school and learn how to do nails and also make customers happy. I can't believe the way my nails look. They really should be put out of business. No one is forcing them to do nails so they should take more pride in doing there job! Press on nails would have looked more natural and professional than this mess on my nails!
5	Love this place! I go to the owner Lynn, Lisa or Tia and it's always good! I like the tanning salon next door too!
1	They don't honor the posted prices and then get mad when you ask why. They all gang up on you and make you feel stupid. Went here once an loved it, I don't know what happened to it now but I'm not coming back ever again. I have never felt so talked down to in my life. Extremely rude.
4	I don't know why there are quite a few bad reviews because I've gone twice (because its ridiculously close to my house) and I've had good experiences both times. I was greeted immediately and a walk-in that didn't have to wait. The guy that did my nails this last time--love them! He is very respectful and took his time. He earned his $15 tip.
5	The owner of the shop is amazing. I miss her pedicures. Excellent customer service, professional, and nails to perfection. Clean shop, sanitary and happy environment.
