4	I feel kinda bad for Mocha Bianca... it isn't in a very good location.  It's a cute, little coffee shop in a dank strip mall, bumpered at each end by a Burger King and a drive through liquor store.  It's also directly across the street from another independent cafe, and a couple blocks from a second one.  That's a lot of competition within a quarter mile!Once your inside, it's a nice place!  It's decorated with dark, earthy tones.  There is plentiful seating and a nice selection of drinks and munchies.  I've stopped in on several occasions for some iced tea and a vegan cookie and have left satisfied.
4	I have stopped by Mocha Bianca a couple of times now, as it is on my new route to work. They open at 6:00 am, and that's perfect for me- 'cause that's when I like to roll into NoSco from CenPho. They are on Bell next to the PV Hospital and across the street from PV High School.The owner is a nice guy and the shop is really cute and clean. I have only had their signature Mocha Bianca, and the triple shot packs a punch- more so than a Starbucks and a tad less than a Dazbog. It's made a little sweeter than I normally care for, so I'll have to work on adjustments on my subsequent visits. The bagels are fresh with a nice chew to them. The prices are also super reasonable- all the more reason to avoid the 'bucks whenever possible.
5	Hello Friends,Today I found myself hungry before an appointment off the 51 and Bell Road.  I remembered a small coffee shop right nearby and drove there to see what was in store.  Little did I know, Mocha Bianca, has much in store for those with an appetite for good food and drink!Outside, Mocha Bianca is very unassuming.  It is within a small shopping plaza, but their sign will stand out to you from the road.  Upon entering I was immediately greeted by their staff.  Their establishment has a very cozy coffee shop feel - complete with sofas, dining tables and local artist's artwork on their walls.  They also offer free wireless Internet.Their menu is plentiful!  At Mocha Bianca, one can order breakfast or lunch.  They have a complete coffee bar, where they can make specialty coffee drinks for you.  I went with my usual standard of late, The Caramel Machiatto.  All I can say, DELICIOUS.  Generous caramel and what seemed to be an extra shot of espresso, I find myself flying this afternoon.  :)  They sure can give Starbucks a run for their money!  If coffee is not your standard, you can also purchase tea frappes, coffee-free drinks, or smoothies made with real pureed fruit.For their food menu, they have bagels and various breakfast sandwiches for their breakfast customers.  For lunch, one can choose one of their various hot or cold sandwiches, as well as their Chicago Style Hot Dogs.  Salads are also available for those craving a lighter fare.  On this particular day, I opted for one of their daily specials, a bean and cheese burrito with green chilies.  The burrito had just enough "kick" to it, along with it being a modest serving not to be overwhelming.Their staff is most accommodating and friendly.  If only major chains like Starbucks would take a lesson from Mocha Bianca.  They know how to do service with more than a smile, heartfelt service, and delicious food and drink.  I look forward to dining at Mocha Bianca again very soon!
4	This review is late -- I was there three weeks ago, and I told the proprietress that I would definitely write a review of her place. Bad form to say the least! Well, better late than never, you know. I really enjoyed my visit to Mocha Bianca. I met my bagel and coffee friend there (instead of at Einstein's), and we enjoyed a good bagel and a really good cup of coffee. I had the Americano, which was just about as good as Starbucks. The bagel, well -- no one can touch Einstein's, so leave it there, sister. I really enjoyed the ambiance, and I liked the decorations. The only negative was the air conditioner, which seemed to be set to low, and made the place more humid and warm than needed (it was end of June and in Phoenix). Other than the warmer than I care for it temp, the visit was good, the coffee pleasant, and overall I found the entire experience enjoyable. Two thumbs up and definitely on my to-do list for another visit.
1	This was my first time coming here. You can tell the girl working was being trained. I ordered the chicken salad but was told they ran out. So i ordered a coffee and was deciding on what sandwhich to get. I ordered the tuna panini The girl asked me what kind of bread i wanted it on. I opted for the croissant. Then i was told they have never put a croissant on the panini press. this was worrisome. I could smell the bread burning. so i asked them, is it burned? i am not paying for burned food. I had to ask them if it was burned.I dont think they would have remade the sandwhich if i hadnt said anything.  they redid the top portion of the croissant on the panini. the bottom was still burned. Terrible. Food was ok. I am not too keen on burned sandwhiches. blended coffee frappe was tasteless. Will not be returning.
1	Place is not open past 4:00 p.m. and not open on the weekends.  They do not honortheir coupons and will not give refunds at all.  Do not want people to come here.
