4	My husband still currently working on having a massive coronary before 35 loves this place.  I stop here after work to pick up food for my grease loving hubby.  The folks who work here alway have a smile on their face, though I may be a little bias seeing as they see me at least once a week.  The food is pretty much the same as any other Sbarro but the people who work here make it a fun quick little trip.
4	Ah, Sbarro: the mainstay of every mall or food court since I can remember. With their large pizzas, variety of sides, and large drinks, how can you not like this place?On my last trip here, I came with some friends to get some food in our systems before/during/after beers. We all three ordered the meal which consisted of a slice of pizza, a delicious side, and a drink. In my case, I got a pepperoni pizza, toasted mini potatoes, and a Pepsi. I should mention that they had like 5 different kids of pizza ready to serve up (pepperoni, ham/pineapple, cheese, sausage, jalapeno, stuffed...) which they warm up for you really quickly before serving it. As for the quality of my pizza? It was good. It was nothing to write home about, but it was good. I think the crust was kinda bland, but otherwise I was happy with it. The little potatoes they served me were pretty good, too. My friends ordered the pasta on the side, and they were happy with their food selections as well. As a matter of fact, they were happy enough with their sides that they ate them before the pizza and said it was a 5-star meal, though I was erring on the side of 3. (Thus the four-star rating)Service here is always pretty quick and simple. Prices are ok (I paid like 7.80 for the meal, which is pretty good for the amount of food!) I'll keep coming back here when I'm in the Texas, for sure!
5	Best  pizza crust in Vegas! The service was fast, friendly and orderly. Ordered the Canadian bacon with pineapple toppings, just as great as every time I've eaten. Also ordered the side Caesar salad and Mac and cheese. yum o. recommend for tasty fast food in between the gambling and movies.
4	This Sbarro is now CLOSED at the Texas Station Casino...that's too bad because I had a free slice on a coupon and I found it to be quite good.  Went back today and found it shut down due to Sbarro's bankruptcy.  So, that's the latest!
