3	I redeemed a MyVegas reward for a free appetizer so on entering I asked our waitress if it could be used for a pound of Cajun style peel and eat shrimp.  She asked one of the chefs who said no so I asked to see a manager who approved my request.  The shrimp were in a spicy sauce that was so good I was tempted to lick the bowl.  Showing a modicum of restraint, I used a spoon and finished nearly every drop.  We also ordered a seafood Cobb salad that I told our server would be shared.   When we received 2 enormous plates of salad, I told our waitress a mistake must have been made as we ordered only one, but she said the chef split it for us. OMG. The salad included tiny salad shrimp, iceberg lettuce, pasteurized crab, egg, avocado, blue cheese and a white vinaigrette dressing that was almost tasteless.  It was much better after I requested a side of blue cheese dressing.  Wednesdays are  1/2 point days for seniors so our entire meal cost us only 7,500 point plus gratuity. Several days later my wife and I returned with 2 MyVegas free appetizer coupons in hand for lunch.  We again shared another pound of Cajun style peel and eat shrimp plus crab cakes with a chipotle tartar sauce and a few greens.  The sauce for Cajun shrimp was a bit less concentrated than on our earlier visit, but the shrimp were otherwise just as good.  Our crab cakes were of good size, but definitely benefited from the accompanying sauce.
2	We live less than a mile away and elected to try Tides again, since we received a Station Casinos coupon for Tides. First off, the food is not too bad and we had no complaints. The bad news was our server. She failed to listen when we wanted to order our entrees, despite an appetizer order made at first. When she did return, she asked if I wanted a second beer, which I clearly told her yes. Well, 15 minutes elapse and I began to monitor our servers movements. It was no busier than most restaurants and I could sense that I was forgotten. I had to wave the hostess over. I advised that my drink never arrived and I had no water, despite my meal arriving. Despite my frustrations, I eventually let the server know when she asked if everything was ok. Now the excuses and attitude came out and all this did was to make me more frustrated. The Sous Chef was sent our way for my complaint. He was gracious and took my name and number, advising that he wanted us to be happy and return. He said I would be contacted. Three days later, no call. BTW, I refused to use the coupon which would make this visit look like poor folks looking for a cheap meal.  Also, I have never made a restaurant complaint in my life and typically am forgiving if there is a sincere effort. In this case, I'm still steaming about the server's attitude and poor service.
2	This restaurant has the absolute worst service!  Not only did they make us wait 30 minutes for our table, when they clearly had two empty ones. It also took them 45 minutes to get our dinner out; they served us one person at a time,  so I was eating my dinner alone!
2	Service was very, very, very, very lacking.  Gave up and went next door to the Sports Bar for drinks. Restaurant only half full. Took 45 minutes to take dinner order. Took another 45 minutes for Oyster appetizer to come out.  And the food? Maybe they delivered it to China???
