5	If you're looking to satisfy your craving for Central American( Salvadoran style) cuisine, Pupuseria Cabanas will fulfill that need. It's tucked away in a parking lot on the Southeast corner of Eastern and Sahara, where Subway is located. Here, you will delight yourself in flavorful dishes, of Spanish and Amerindian influences; authentic in it's preparation, made by friendly people. The pupusas here, are delicious and taste great the next day. I enjoyed their  yuca con chicharron, pastelitos, and other dishes. They always have fresh fruit beverages, like tamarindo and guanabana, plus Salvadoran horchata, and most importantly, friendly staff.  Which in my opinion , are ingredients for a nice experience.
2	The wife and I drove across town to try Los Antojos. A sign in the window, in Spanish,explained they were closed for the day due to some kind of an emergency.  No problem, lets try this pupuseria next door. First impressions, this place is hot. The fans are going but they are just churning the hot air around. And everything we touch is sticky from a layer of grease, myself included. No problem. The help is friendly and attentive, but the food had better be a home run.... swing and a miss. The milanesa was good if a bit overcooked, it's easy to do. Very good rice and beans, delicious. Handmade central american tortillas, fantastic. But the pupusas were just OK. In fact, one of the pupusas, chicken, had an old funky chicken taste. You know, like when you have a rotisserie chicken that has been sitting in the fridge for a few days too long, but it's a sin to waste food, so you choke down the funky chicken. You know, right? No? OK, maybe it's a guy thing. Overall not really a bad place, but at it's best Pupuseria Cabanas does not set itself apart.
1	The pupusas were gross and so were the waitresses with their rotten attitude. Never ever going back again.
2	Pupusas were okay. Not great but not bad. I walk in with my in laws to order a dozen pupusas of different kinds done cheese, rebultas, locoro and others. The lady seemed annoyed I had questions. Not great service. Place seems not as up kept as if could be. With dirty tables and unswept floors. When i got my order I open the bag and to check I notice she gave me the tinniest amount of curtido of repollo. I had to buy more. It Was like 1/4 of a small ziplock for 12 Pupusas.
4	The pupusas were great.  I loved them.  When I called to order, the lady on the phone was annoyed with me because I asked what kinds pupusas they served.  Other than that, no complaints.
1	The pupusas were okay as in ate them cause I paid for them they were salty refried beans the pina agua fresca was too sugary I've  tasted others and this was the worst so far never going back there again
