4	My first hookah lounge ever and what an experience.  A tiny line with a roped off entrance with a guy checking ID to get in.  Why all the fuss?  Entering this dark and smoky atmosphere, make a quick left and get a nice stamp on your hand.  You'll hear music pumping through the speakers and see a small dance floor with a deejay spinning.  They even have a lighting system that makes you feel like you're at a dance club.  Take a quick tour and you'll see a bunch of areas for your group to lounge while enjoying some hookah.  (I tried the grape and watermelon one...although I could have sworn the watermelon one tasted more like peach!)  There are some semi-private areas too.Walk into the back and you'll notice another area to dance.  The BF was really digging this place as he's been to a few hookah lounges.  The servers were pretty nice and friendly, although you'll have to catch up with them when it gets busy and because the music is so loud.It's on the other side of town for us, but it looks like we'll be making a return visit.  Cool atmosphere and cool crowd too.  You can shake your booty and burn off some calories here.Sidenote:  There are two unisex bathrooms available.  If there's a line at one, keep on walking around and you'll find the other.Updated: 05/29/07 - I heard they only play electronic music once a month.  So, that night we were there was a special event.  Supposedly on the regular days, it's more chill like your typical hookah lounge!
4	This was my first hookah experience and I really enjoyed myself. I will definitely be going back to Red. They have a large selection of flavors, including some that made me want to cry (lemon pepper steak?). We ordered peppermint, which was really lovely. Most of the flavors are $20, some range up to $25 and $30. But the peppermint lasted the three of us a good hour and a half. The server was really friendly and helpful with giving advice on flavors. The place had a slightly odd feel to it...I'm pretty sure it was an old real estate office or something. It's pretty dark with comfy furniture, and some interesting music going. Seemed like mashups of eastern music and bad early 90's pop (including "All My Life" by K-Ci & Jojo). It wasn't perfect, but it was at least interesting.
1	this place was horrible, first of all theres no sign saying the drinks are non alcoholic, the staff is rude, i came in with a party of 7 and the place was empty other than two different tables, yet it took them 5 mins to seat us, we then ordered two hookahs one banana split and the other pumpkin pie neither of them tasted like what they were supposed to, and on top of that they loaded it with so many coals so it was harsh the whole time. we asked them to fix it and they just started blowing in the bottom of the tobacco holder burning at least half of the bowl of tobacco. we tried it again it was still burning hot, and the pumpkin pie tasted like shit, we asked for a different flavor and they told us they were going to charge us for another hookah. so we told them to fix it then. they brought it back and it still tasted like shit. floor cleaner to be exact. finally they give in and get us a different flavor, mind you its now been 2 hours we've been there now. they never came back to add more coals, and the unlv girl that works there has a bad attitude.  so when we go to leave they charged us for the third hookah that replaced the pumpkin floor cleaner flavor. i will never go to this place again. and i hope they go out of business
1	This place was empty came here twice. Mabe 2 groups at the most were in here. Ultra high prices Hookahs cost 20 to 30 dollars its nuts. They don't smoke that great and the guy working there was a little creepy he would pop up all over the place. The prices where just outrageous there's palace in summerlin that's way cheaper and nicer. I would npt recommend this place.
4	Red is a flavorful hookah experience. A little on the pricey side, but 80% of the time you get what you pay for. 80% because every hookah lounge has their off night. Service is pretty good. Sometimes when it is really busy it's hard to catch a server, but overall the staff is always really friendly. Big lounge. If you have a group there are private rooms. I like that there are different areas so every small group or couple has their privacy throughout the lounge. Look out for the red limos in the parking lot ;)
3	I've been to way too many hookah lounges and I'm pretty pleased with this one.Hookahs at $20 a bowl is average in my opinion, 30 for a blend is a little high. Amazingly though the bowl we had went for almost 2 hours I really don't know how that happened.Service is excellent; everyone is friendly and they check in with you at good times. It's sadly cute how enthusiastic they are. The atmosphere is nice especially with the way they have private rooms set up.  If you are looking for a spot for decent music, good service, good hookah this is the place!I'm not really into the whole hookah with food thing so the fact that they just have drinks (and non alcoholic beers which is hilarious) does not bother me.
4	Nice atmosphere and great staff! The only thing is I thought the bowls could have lasted a little longer, but still great!
4	I came here a couple of times with my friends for films and hookah and we had a great time.  The music is awesome (acid jazz) and the flavors are really good (try white grape).  I don't know why someone would complain about $15-$20 a bowl when it can be  4 people to a hookah! 0_o If you go there with a group that's $3.75-$5 a person and it comes with one free re-light (to keep the flavor strong) and $10 for a reload (or refill of tobacco).   Not bad in my opinion.  It's also a well kept place with a very zen like atmosphere that I enjoy.
3	It's 8 pm on a Monday and there is no one here, I mean no one.  It has some really cool decor and a jazzy feel but I wasn't expecting no one to be here.  Plus they do not serve tea just flavored water.  Again I was not expecting that.  This suppose to be a cool place to hang out and I am sure it is when there are other there.  It would have a really good atmosphere.  The price for the hookah is the Vegas going rate $15 but the cost for a plain bottle of water is $3 now that is a little high.  I would go back but not on a week day.
3	I come here alot with my friends.  I guess you could say we're regulars.  We have developed something of good rapport with the staff, always exchanging witty repartees.As for the actual hookah, its ok.  There are some really good flavors that we frequent, such as Wonderland, LP, and Schnozberry.  The drinks are slightly overpriced, but not so much as I'll still buy them.  The music is pretty chill.  Its a nice mix of house music that I think is from some sort of online radio station.All in all, Its a good place.  Its the first hookah lounge I had ever went to, and one I'll always come back to.
1	Red has some how managed to make every hookah mistake in the book and added a few of their own as well. If I could give this place negative stars I woud not hesitate. I am astounded at how this place stays in business. Red can be found in a decrepit strip mall behind a dunkin donuts next a equally miserable discount movie theater on Tropicana and Pecos. They used have a location up in summerlin but moved down there when they couldn't pay the bills.To begin, the prices and policies are outrageous. Each hookah will average anywhere from $20-30 maybe more. This is pretty much double the price of most other lounges in town. For some reason, Red charges additional fees to mix flavors and its not cheap. Every additional flavor can tack another 2 bucks to each hookah. To accompany this overpriced hookah is of course overpriced drinks. And what weird drinks they have. Lounges like this that do no aspire to obtain a beer and wine license usually sell an assorments of drinks, teas, smoothies and the like. Red, however, feels compelled to offer non-alcoholic beers and non-alcoholic wines (yes they exisit). After seeing their drink selection, I wasn't sure if I should laugh or cry.Now keep in mind, I don't always mind paying more if its worth it, but this is definitely not the case at red. The hookah is absolutely dreadful. I don't think my words could describe the disaster that they bring to your table. The hookahs take forever to start and when they do get going, they taste like burnt tobacco. If your favorite flavors are charcoal and ash this definitely the place for you. The biggest culprit behind this atrocious mess is the lounge's insistence on using insta-light coals. They toss these coals on to the bowl and lock it under a metal funnel designed to contain the coal if the hookah falls over. On top that they actually demand an extra 5 bucks or so for a "re-light." I was left speechless when I was actually asked to pay another 5 bucks for another coal.The atmosphere and lounge itself does nothing to redeem the hookahs here either. You will find CRT television sets displayed proudly around the lounge. I don't know why they keep the relics around. The place would be actually somewhat attractive if they got rid of them and opened the place up a bit. I have never seen it busy or even half-packed.There are plenty of great lounges in vegas, do yourself a favor and stay far far away from this place.
3	Mediocre hookah lounge located on the East side near the intersection of Tropicana and Pecos.Went late at 3:00 AM when there was literally nobody except my girlfriend and I. The owner was very courteous and served us well. On the other hand, the hookah is OK. Got  the metropolitan flavor and it was weak. Barely felt a buzz. Good thing though was that it lasted a while, but the flavor was meh. Other than that, standard flavors just like any other lounge. With tax, the hookah came out to $23.something, which is a bit exorbitant compared to most other places. Overall, I still prefer my local hookah lounge of Sitara over Red, but this is not that bad nor good of a lounge. I actually like the atmosphere and the interior set up. Very intricate and even has several private rooms. Music isn't too loud and quiet(only cause we were the only ones there).Good atmosphere, below average flavors. But I give the three stars cause of the worker's courtesy and service. I'd come around maybe once or twice a year.
4	This was my first try at smoking hookah. My date suggested this place, as it is his favorite place to go for hookah.  He likes the atmosphere and variety of flavors of the hookah.  The owner and our server were very friendly and courteous.  So were the other patrons.  The owner even showed me how to smoke the hookah and get the most enjoyment out of it.  We asked for "chocolate mint" but they were out of chocolate, so we decided on "double mint." It reminded me of double mint gum!There are tons of flavors to choose from on the menu, and you can combine flavors for your own custom smoke. Overall, a good place for my first hookah experience.  The owner urged me to return, and I believe I will. They are open till 2:00 a.m. most nights; Thursday, Friday, and Saturday they are open till 4:00 a.m.
1	This place is so horrible. My friends and I waited for about 30 minutes to be seated, then another 20 to get our hookah. On hip hop night, it seems like there are 16 year old girls dancing on the walls. It's so ridiculous. This place smells absolutely terrible. I don't know how people out here in Nevada do hookah out here.. But being from Southern Cali, our hookah lounges are 1 million times better.
4	Pretty cool. Private and social rooms. You get to connect your phone and listen to your music. Friendly staff.
