5	I booked a cut/color/highlight after purchasing a Groupon. Usually, I look up reviews of the place of business before purchasing, but did not do so this time, as the salon was close by and I needed something done quickly.My first pleasant surprise was the ability to book my appointment online. EVERY business should do this! The salon's online appointment system is simple to use, and pretty fool proof. I loved that I didn't have to stop what I was doing to make a call, wait for an answer, then go through my calendar with someone over the phone. This was quick - look at what they have available, pick my time, BOOM, done! Love it.When I arrived for my appointment, I was a little surprised to find that it was in the "Signature Salon" building, which I have passed literally hundreds of times over the past several years, but never knew what it was about. Kim's salon room was easy to find, tidy, and very comfortable.As we began our consultation, I was thrilled to hear that SHE was happy with what I wanted. I love going red with color, and so many colorists balk at that, thinking I don't know what I really want. Kim not only loved the idea, but also was able to flip right to the correct shade after she took a look at my skin tone and gauged my natural color against what I was asking for.As for the process itself, she did it perfectly. She was very thorough, which is unusual in and of itself. I've been getting my hair done in various salons for many many years, and I don't think anyone has ever been so thorough. I liked that she combed the base color all over, because people usually miss the hair by my temples, which is the only place I have gray hair.As for the woman herself, she was very sweet and kind, not overbearing, not pushy. She wasn't "too" chatty, as many stylists can be, but definitely showed an interest and kept the conversation flowing.I liked her business model, and she definitely has some great ideas to keep up with current trends, both in hair styling AND as a businesswoman.Frankly, I can't say enough good things. My hair looks fabulous, I feel awesome, and I'm thrilled to have found a local, independent business that I can continue to support. Go see her, you won't be disappointed!
5	I honestly don't even know where to start with this review.I purchased a living social deal for partial highlights, cut , style conditioning treatment.We recently moved here and are quite clueless about where to find hair stylists,spas, dentists, chiropractors, etc.I took a huge chance and this one surely paid off!Kim's room was decorated so cute and all "suites" were located in one building with other cosmetologists, estheticians, nail artists and other services.Easy to find and super convenient location.I am turning 40 next month and wanted a little sass. I have had red highlights in the past and wanted to take that avenue this go around. Kim was not at all apprehensive and welcomed the idea. She suggested a choice of 2 red hues that would compliment my skin tone and from there she went to work. The conversation was easy and comfortable and I am sure I talked a bit much because I did feel so comfortable. The conditioning treatment left my hair silky smooth and super easy to comb( not always the issue with my head). The cut was great and Kim took off just the right amount to freshen it up and make it look super healthy.I was in and out in less than 2.5 hours and feel AMAZING!The color is perfect and Kim offers a "thank you" for coming in with living social by offering same deal on next visit. I am DEFINITELY returning to buy the conditioning product and for future hair service.I'm pretty sure I found my new hair girl and I couldn't be happier :)
5	I purchased an Amazon local voucher for Fancy That Salon for waxing. Kim was amazing! Great at shaping, fast and as pain free as possible. I highly recommend her!
5	My mom and I bought a groupon for Brazilian Blowout for Fancy That salon. We decided to give it a go after trying numerous other straightening systems and stylists. Kim was extremely knowledgable and very sweet. We felt very at home with her and she thoroughly explained any questions we had. I was unsure how I would like the Brazilian since most of the other straighteners haven't worked great for me but so far, I am thrilled! After my first wash, I already saw an immediate difference imbue long it took me to style my hair and how easy it was to get it straight. Bye bye frizz! I will totally use Kim again!!
5	I purchased a Brazilian blowout deal from livingsocial and I was a little apprehensive about trying a new stylist. I had moved from San Diego and had had the same stylist for over 5 years. Kim was incredible. She was so thorough and gave me such great tips on beauty and health (not just for my hair!) My hair looks and feels amazing. I would highly recommend her!!!
5	I got a Brazilian blowout using a groupon deal and it is fantastic. She is very friendly and the place is very nice. I am looking forward to go there again for my hair.
5	I bought a LivingSocial deal for a Brazilian Blowout at the salon. I absolutely loved Kim! She is such a fun and wonderful person :) Time flew by and my hair looks fabulous! I'll be back for sure!
