5	Generally you would think, "What can I say about a Safeway store, I mean, it's a Safeway store.  Pretty standard, right?"  Well, this particular store is immaculate.  Everything is pulled forward on the shelves; it feels like you're in a model store or something.  Checkout has always been quick; maybe I've just been lucky that the store was not very busy during the times that I've visited.  This location offers a Starbucks and a gas station.
5	I would never review a supermarket really but this store is so nice, neat and clean and it has a huge selection of products.  I do wish they had the natural/organic stuff in one area instead of mixed in throughout the supermarket though.What made me write this review though is that I've never been to a supermarket where every time I've gone there more than one employee has said hello, and asked me if I needed help finding something. I've had that at other types of stores like clothing, electronic or dept stores but never a supermarket. Very good customer service indeed!
1	This use to be my favorite Safeway store, but honestly after they switched managers the store has been different. The new manager runs the store completely different and he is not as friendly as the other one. The staff are not as friendly as before. The new manager is rude and completely unprofessional. There is no need to be rude to customers when they ask a question or need help with something. I will not be shopping here anymore. I would rather drive down to fry's and get my food. Not my favorite Safeway anymore.
4	The store is always very clean. It looks like it should be model for other Safeway's. They always have really good prices on their meat. I think the Safeway meat sections at all Safeway's top any of their competitors. I also really like the fact that this Safeway is only 5 minutes from my house.
4	This store was on the downhill for a little while. Seemed that every time purchased something here I was overcharged substantially. That has since changed. The staff is always very polite, helpful, and appears to take pride in their jobs. I have talked to management in the past when overcharged, they take care of it without hassle. I do recommend verifying your being charged for the correct produce, they tend to get that incorrect often.Breakfast sandwiches are excellent, Deli is clean, and store is well stocked.  Keep up the good work, you are headed in the right direction.
1	This is the 3rd time I've gone here and came home only to realize I had bought something that expired months ago. Done shopping here.
