1	This rental car agency in Charlotte is a joke.  We arrive in Charlotte and wait in the rental car island to be picked up for an hour and 45 minutes.  Then we find out we are supposed to wait in a different area and wait for a bus that says Pre-Flight.  Like we were suppose to know this.  Find a different rental car agency.
1	I rented from this company to visit my family at Christmas.  My flight was delayed by an hour, which put me arriving 15 minutes after the office closed, so I called the car rental place to let them know that I would be late.  I spoke to the manager, who told me to call when I landed and we would try to work something out.  When I landed at exactly 10:15 pm, I called him and he said they had already closed up and wouldn't be able to rent me the car I reserved.  I completely understand that I was 15 minutes after their closing time, but they knew I would be late, and didn't wait for me.  This company might be cheap, but the customer service you receive is commensurate with what you pay for.  From now on, I'll pay the extra money just to rent from a company with good customer service.  Rent at your own risk.
2	The car was fine but the service was very slow and the facilities are a little run-down. There was a very long wait with only three customers. The parking lot looks more like a used car lot than a rental lot.  It definitely wasn't worth the cheaper price.
1	I rented a full size SUV and was told when I got there that it was not available and I could take a mid size or a mini van.  We had 5 adults with golf bags and luggage.  It was a very tight fit and not what we reserved.The employees could have cared less and told me that we could just go back to the airport and rent from another company.  TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!  They only had one shuttle in service so we waited 1/2 hour before getting picked up at the airport and the check in and out process was terrible.  VERY SLOW SERVICE.  DONT RENT FROM THIS COMPANY!  IT IS NOT WORTH THE LOWER RATE!
1	The experience that I had with the Advantage rent a car @ Charlotte airport was very poor, and for this reason I am only giving a 1 star and do not recommend using their cars. There are other rental companies there that have a better service and value. When I got to the airport I called for the shuttle, and it took 30 minutes to arrive. When I went to rent the car they did not have the one I had reserved. When I returned the car the lady behind the counter was rude, had an attitude, and I was charged for gas I did not use. When I called the customer service number the man that I spoke with said he could not help me, but that he would transfer me to a manager. After waiting on hold for 10 minutes I despaired of this company.
1	Yo, this company (Advantage rent-a-car @ Charlotte airport) blows!!! Before you rent a vehicle make sure the agent explains to you what you are initialing. I did not want their insurance, and I showed them my State Farm Insurance card (plus I have AMEX that covers my rentals). The agent stated I needed to initial, electronically (no paper) six times. I did. What do you know, when getting the final receipt, they charged me for the insurance. When speaking with the mgr., he stated you initialed it so that's it. I explained how I stated up front that I did not want their insurance. He did not want to hear that. I later explained that I would not be doing any more business with them, and I would spread the word. His reply was - "FINE". Wow, really. Again, this company blows.
1	Horrible!!! We waited over 35 minutes and counted 7 Thrifty, 5 Budget, 3 Hertz and then we stopped counting. When we called the number they said the couldn't call the shuttle driver without a confirmation number...absolutely pitiful. Vacation time is way to precious to be jacked around by a rental car company.
