5	I had a Pioneer system installed on my Audi 99 by Sounds Good To Me. Mark and Steve did an awesome job putting it in. Not only they installed the stereo they setup bluetooth with my iPhone & took care of everything needed. Thanks guys!--SG
4	Got a quote on the phone for simple replacement of front speakers on an old car - one was blown.  Very accomodating for an appointment the next day.  Price was higher when I got there, but it was a different service person than I had spoke to.  I explained my quote and he matched it.  Very fast install.  I would recommend.
5	The owner is great. I stopped in to inquire about adding onto my OEM alarm system. He spent a lot of time explaining to me how my 2013 Accent basically has everything it needs, and how shock and tilt detection are things the dealer would have to do. I was really surprised how passionate he was explaining things to me which wouldn't lead to a sale. I just like this guy. I feel like he's completely trustworthy.
5	I don't feel compelled to take time out of my busy life to write a review very often. When a company gets an online review from me they either provided REALLY bad service or they provided GREAT service. Sounds Good To Me is one of those rate companies that gets a GREAT review from me. The owner of this business, Dave, went out of his way to make sure that I was satisfied!One of the few car audio places in town that had the expertise to upgrade audio in my Porsche Boxster, they did a fantastic installation job. The equipment was high quality, the work was professional grade, and the service was affordable.What struck me was that three years later when I had a problem develop with my system the owner allowed me to bring my car in and they checked my system out for me. They went as far as to test everything and even fixed a loose connection. No sleazy sales jobs or false diagnosis, just honest and affordable service. These guys are true pros and I highly recommend them for your car stereo needs.
5	I have been to three different car stereo/alarm shops looking at alarms and other "goodies" for the vehicle.  Of the three, this place has one thing that is very unique - Experience with Fords and the Sync/MFT (My Ford Touch) System.Speaking with James, the installer, is definitely NOT a waste of time.  The guy knows his stuff so well that I am personally making sure he's the only one touching my car when it comes time to upgrade my audio.  I like the patience displayed while I am checking equipment out and answering questions.  Additionally, I also like the cleanliness of the install area.  I am definitely looking forward to having them install my "goodies".
5	My van's stock DVD player busted & I was not about to drive around with kids in the back and no videos.  This would surely lead to road rage some day.My next problem... I'm in grad school and I don't have time to give up my van too long and I certainly don't have time to make return visits to fix any bugs.  However, anytime you buy after-market car audio/video there is a risk that it may not work perfectly because these are often custom installs.  These are NOT do-it-yourself projects.The DVD unit we installed worked well but it lacked a feature that we assumed it offered.  I did not have time to return immediately to replace it.  I spoke with Dave and we agreed to do some research to find the right product for my needs.  Because I was busy with school & life I didn't follow up for about 2 months.  Once I got a chance to return to the shop I was worried that they would try to blow me off because of the time that had passed.  Surprisingly, they didn't even hesitate to makes things right.In my younger days I dealt with many car stereo places and they often turned out to be very shady.  This place is legit.  They never jerked me around.  That might be why they have been in business for so long.
5	If you are ever in the need for car audio equipment, "Sounds Good To Me" is the place to be at. I went in today because i needed help with the settings for amplifier and I was instantly greeted by Mark as soon as I entered the shop.  I explained the issue that i was seeing with my amp and right away he helped me resolve the problem. He was very helpful and knowledgeable. Check em out!
2	Friendly staff.I Came in and got quoted to install iPod support/new deck on my bmw, made an appointment because they didn't have one of the parts. A week later, I came in at the scheduled time and they forgot to order the part. I Came in a week later, and after inspecting my car, they decided they could not do it. A little annoying after having my car there 3 times prior and them not checking it out. I put a 40 dollar deposit down for reasons beyond me. (Don't put a deposit down on anything. I see no logic in it after going through the motions) Make sure to get a receipt if you do and keep it- you apparently need a large, yellow receipt if you're dealing with the owner. I physically came to the store and the owner would not credit my credit-card charged deposit. I Called in with my deposit information and still waiting to be credited a day later. *the 40 dollars was reimbursed 48 hours later.I took my z4 to the dealer and they installed an iPod player with a nice mount where the unused ashtray was. Cost $250 and took 1 hour.I would recommend this place if you make sure the person in the back can look over your car and confirm they can handle the job. Don't put a deposit down. Get a quote locked in and written upon first visit. All that being said, the staff is friendly.
5	I was looking for a car stereo that included a plug for my iPod.  The tape deck connection was not working out so well.  It kept reversing and then ejecting the tape.  I was also looking for a place that would install the stereo system for me.  The lowest end car stereo was $80 and for an extra $20 it included Bluetooth.  I was quoted $100 for 1 hour of service, and returned the next day to have it installed.  The stereo is great; it includes a USB and auxiliary port.  I can just plug in my iPod, and the stereo does the rest.  The iPod starts playing after I turn the ignition, and the iPod stops after I turn the car.  The staff at Sounds Good to Me was friendly and helpful.  After the stereo was installed, the installer set up the Bluetooth on my phone and showed me how it worked.
4	Came in. My car died.They jumped it.I accidentally turned it off. Looked like an idiot.Got the battery replaced at AutoZone, came back here.They were still as friendly as ever.I always feel like anything car related --sales, repair, accessories-- is just a big opportunity to be scammed. It's like my lack of knowledge intimidates me. But at Sounds Good to Me, the crew was just awesome. Friendly every step of the way. Repaired my feedback issue with the head unit, and they did it at a great price. Especially considering I tried doing it myself and it's like someone attacked Jumanji with electric tape.Super friendly. Great prices. Will come back for my other car audio needs.
1	The worst place I've ever been to. I got quoted one price just to have a auxiliary cord replaced my cord had a short in it . When I came back the next day to have the work done I was then given a 20 dollar higher price.. I paid the amount just to avoid drama and I was going to take it as a lesson learned. Well the next day my whole radio cut out. When I called the store to tell them of my complaint I also mentioned how I know they over charged me and now my radio isn't working what kind of place was this ? The Maneger apologized and offered to give me a refund! For the difference I was quoted . Well I went in the next day to have it looked at and to my surprise the Maneger wasn't there but he knew what time I was coming in he wrote it in the book himself.. One of his partners apparently knew about the refund but said that he wasn't authorized to do so ? So not only did I drive way down here but he mentioned e would have the Maneger call me when he got back because he went on lunch .. Let's just say I never got a call back and this place I feel was ran by people who didn't know what they where doing. I should have shopped around for a place with better service it was just a quick 30 min aux. cord replacement
5	I must send a special thank you to Mark for taking time out of his day to revive my stereo! A week prior to this, I was driving and it just stopped working. I thought I might need a new unit, so I decided to shop some prices. Based on SGTM's good reviews, I decided to stop in.Mark took the time out to ask me a few questions about my unit, then went out to my car with me. He simply reset the unit and I was back in business!  :-)
5	I don't usually waste my time with these things but I felt the need to tell you all about Sounds Good To me. I have been a customer of SGTM for some time even back in the days at Mill and Broadway. My daughter needed a new stereo so like always it was off to see Mark and the crew. We needed something new for a 99 Explorer. Take note of vehicle. Not only did the guys treat my teenager as if she was there buying a million dollar system. In a million dollar car. It was just a new receiver. They helped get some wiring issues fixed as well as saying we need to turn the subs this way for better sound and literally checked out all the wiring that the previous  owner just slapped in.The install and workmanship is outstanding and Mark and the guys customer service by far the best. Once again guys you wowed me with your store and I know not only will I be a life long customer....My daughter is as wellThanks againSkip and Alexandria
5	Called Sounds Good To Me based on yelp reviews and I was NOT disappointed.  My DVD player in my Navigator wasn't working and I was leaving on a trip the same day.  I stopped by and the nice gentleman had my DVD player working in 10 minutes!  Thank you so much!  You guys made my kids' day!
5	Stopped in to check prices. Got everything in writing with an explanation. They had the time to do the stereo install on the spot. The installer was careful and explained potential difficulties with my older vehicle. All went perfectly. They explained the setup and use of the stereo. I was on my way in under an hour with everything exactly as they said it would be.
5	I have to say Mark came through for me.Mark save me over 1000.00 dollars with my stereo in my Toyota Tundra. I recommend Sounds Good To Me to anyone.
