2	I had been to the Gordon Biersch in Tempe several times before going to this one in GIlbert. I'm not sure I was ever in love with their food (or their microbrew), but the atmosphere in Tempe was always very upbeat and lively, which made it a destination to go out for dinner on a weekend night. But, at this location, it is much quieter, leaving you with only the food and drinks... which aren't anything more special than something along the lines of a Chilis... but, everything is more expensive. Bottomline: I'd go back if someone else wanted to go, but it wouldnt be a place I would pick myself. Not terrible, but not worth the extra money.
4	This is the only GB that I have been too so I can't compare it to another one.  My wife and I have gone to this GB many times.  Their food, beer, and service are good.  This place has a nice atmosphere and sometimes hard to get a seat at.  The only downside to this place is the price, it can be a little expensive. Overall, I will definitely be a repeat customer.
4	I have two words for you:  Beer and Tapas.  For some reason, I am just in love with the tapas plate they have.  The hummus is almost as good as homemade, the garlic, well, it's worth smelling like garlic - and the olives push me over the edge.  The only downside is I usually have to order extra pita bread to finish everything up.The beer selection is good, and the staff is usually very good at helping you pick if you aren't sure what you are in the mood for.  While not all of them go with beer, I have never had a dessert here that has disappointed me.  The atmosphere is laid back, and I've been in there when they were packed, and when they are almost empty, the service has been the same across the board.  All in all, a night at Gordon Biersch is usually fun enough to end with a cab ride home.
4	You can't go wrong with great beer and good food. The patio is pretty cool and you can usually get a quick seat if you are a passport member, that was the best $20 I ever spent. You cannot go wrong with the pulled pork sandwich, the mushroom burger or their pizza. They usually have decent fish that is on their specials menu, buy you have to remember that this is a beer company, so don't get too crazy. I usually hit this place up a few times a month and I am usually happy when I leave.GREAT BEER!
4	The food here is generally pretty good.  Drink selection is great.  Service is normally above average.  The only thing stopping it from getting 5 stars is that it's a bit expensive relative to comparable quality places.
4	Gordon Biersch is, like most chains, consistent in quality and service. This is why we keep going back.I like the fact that they offer their own house brand of beer (and great options) but you can also choose from your favorite American and imported brands, if that's what you want. They have some good options for cocktails, and their prices are what you would expect - a bit high, but not skyrocket.Again, food is consistent. My favorite is the Gorgonzola Pear Salad which is great with their hefeweisen. Their burgers are first rate and quite large - my friend and I split one for lunch once and it was the perfect size portion for each of us. We were thrilled that the server was nice enough to plate it for us, even splitting the fries - many places will just bring you one plate as the serving and a smaller plate for sharing (why don't people think?). Although the desserts seem tempting, I've always been too full to sample them.I've been there when the service was very good, and when it was just OK, but I've never had any major service issues and other than what's noted above, nothing spectacular either. The decor is nice and although the ceilings are high the restaurant isn't too loud, surprisingly. They have an outdoor patio and a full bar as well. The mall location is great - we often go there before or after a movie.Overall it's a good restaurant, and you know what to expect - you aren't likely to be surprised one way or the other. It's a great place to go with a group of people too, and they will likely be what you remember about the dinner, rather than the food, service or atmosphere. Isn't that really how it should be?
5	Stopped for lunch on Sunday after a visit to the Apple Store next door. My wife and I opted for the special, mahi-mahi with rice and asparagus. The rice was fluffy ( not sticky) and the fresh asparagus was a delight! Not overdone, but nice, fresh, and loaded with natural sugars and cooked in olive oil! The mahi-mahi was topped with a bruschetta of tomato, olives, seasonings, with a base of olive oil. Deeeeelicious! My wife had the Czech micro brew but I did a diet Coke as I was the driver. Pricing moderate, atmosphere casual and quiet. Service excellent.
4	It is Oktoberfest and that means beer and sausage! I glanced over the menus, but stuck with the Oktoberfest menu and chose the 3 German sausage meal with braised red cabbage, sauerkraut mashed potatoes and 2 kinds of mustard with a half litre Festbier. My friend ordered the tomato grilled cheese (which was excellent) with garlic fries (tons of garlic) and a tomato bisque soup. The soup kind of sucked - it tasted like Ragu - too thick and tomatoey and not enough basil. The waitress was kind enough to swap it out for a most excellent lobster bisque (rich and a little thin, but great flavor).The ad on the table tempted me throughout the meal with a brownie sundae. Talk about happy finish! Good googly-moogly!! The brownie was warm, dark and delicious. Top that with vanilla ice cream, some bailey Irish cream, caramel and chocolate sauce. Freak! It was worth the $6.95.As a side note, I have also previously ordered the beer sampler - nice selection if you are unsure what house beer to order. Get them all!The place is typically busy, but the staff has always fast and friendly. Good tip left for swapping the soup and keeping the drinks full.
4	I had a great meal here today and decided to make it an early birthday lunch since I received an online 2 for 1 coupon.  This location never seems very crowded, and it was a beautiful day on the patio.  Our server was very bubbly and knowledgeable and gave us plenty of time to decide...we were in no rush and their menu is fairly extensive.  They do have a special Octoberfest menu which includes a variety of german entrees including bratwurst, frankfurters, schnitzel etc.I felt like eating fairly healthy, so I had the blackened Mahi Mahi sandwich (see pics) with the cajun remoulade on the side.  The fish was cooked perfectly, the bun fresh and the garlic fries are amazing, smothered in fresh garlic and parsley!  I only had a few and my partner indulged in the rest.  He had the BBQ chicken pizza which has a nice kick from the Marzen BBQ sauce.   It's definitely a big serving for one person, but he was really hungry.  He started off with the house salad which looked delicious and includes bacon, egg and candied pecans.  I would definitely recommend this place....great food, solid value, excellent service and nice atmosphere.
3	Went for afternoon drink and snacks with 5 folks.  Sat outside (pleasant even in 85 degree heat).   Great microbrew selection - tried the selection of appetizers - Tapas (garlic, olive tappenaude, tomatoes and hummus), Grilled Asparagas, Kobe Slides and Garlic Fries.   Food was ok, hummus a bit dry, asparagus nothing to write home about.  Waitress was friendly and helpful - she brought out a sample of Heffenweisen.Misters available when heat cranks up a bit more.  Friend has a 10% off coupon in her wallet - so can't complain on price ;-)
4	We had about 20 minutes (actually, like EXACTLY 20 minutes!) to kill before a movie at San Tan mall, so we decided to pop in for a quick drink.  We made it just in time for a last call for happy hour, and I was VERY pleasantly surprised to hear that I could get a Grey Goose martini for $5.  Sweet!  We also ordered the southwestern egg rolls - which seem like no matter where you order them they always taste the same - "tasty".  We told the waitress we were trying to make a movie, and she made sure to get us in and out in the the 20 minutes.  2 thumbs, and this will certainly NOT be the last happy hour here.
3	We weren't sure what we wanted for dinner and decided to try this place since we've been to the happy hour at the Old Town Pasadena location with friends before.  We were seated promptly and ordered ourselves some soft drinks.  The waitress was nice and ready to serve us even though it was around 8pm already.I had the house specialty, steak frites, and my fiance had the buffalo burger, which was the burger special of the week.  Honestly, my steak frites was not worth the $19.  The whole plate was pretty much all garlic fries and few strips of beef on top.  My fiance's burger was a little too gamey and couldn't finish it all.  *Location = nice.  just a few steps from the shops.*Food = wasn't worth the money but maybe other dishes are better?*Ambiance = very relaxing*Service = good
1	Tonight I came with a group of people. One guy in the group did illegally sneak in a bottle of beer from another establishment in the San Tan Mall complex. He was quiet, but it was brought to the manager's attention. He came over and told the guy that he could not bring the drink in and needed to get rid of it. The guy said you mean drink it? The manager said you need to get rid of it, so they guy drinks it and hands the bottle over to the manager. No one else in the restaurant saw an issue, but the manager said he refused to service not only him but the entire party. Good for you - we went elsewhere.He could have told the guy not to drink the beer and taken the bottle, but the rest of the party wasn't doing anything out of line. The waitress was nice and it is unfortunate, but sometimes nice people suffer too. I did not bring a drink into the building but was refused service as well, so I have no interest in supporting your establishment any longer. Good luck surviving the recession.
4	Very good food and excellent beer.  A little expensive on some dishes.  But overall, very good food.  You have to try the Lobster & Shrimp Mac-n-Cheese.  The wait staff is friendly and prompt.  The dining room has a little more upscale feel to is, but children seem welcomed.  We brought our 7 month old and he loved looking at all the fancy wall and ceiling decorations.
4	I had a burger here tonight and it was amazing. It was the burger of the week, with cracked pepper, mozzarella and blue cheese. I had it medium and it came out really juicy and melted in my mouth. I also like the seating, we were sat near the outdoor patio so it felt like we were outside but we weren't. You'll have to go there to see what i mean. I like that the seats aren't so close together and on top of each other. Our waiter, was great, prompt and polite. Din't try too hard, he was just right. I ordered a Mai Tai and it was yummy although at $9 a little pricy. My garlic fries were good too. If I ever want a burger, I will go back to this place for sure.
4	I've been to GB many times and nearly always have a good experience.  They have quite a solid menu all around.  I really enjoy their SW eggrolls, garlic fries, burgers, chicken pesto pasta, pizzas, and steaks.  The deserts are very delicious.  Portions are typically pretty generous and quality is consistently good.If you want to go for a beer and appetizer, GB is a really good choice as well.  Their brews are good, they have a lot of happy hour specials to choose from, and the bar area has a good ambiance.  They always have good tunes playing and several HD screens with various sports on.  This is one of my favorite chain restaurants.
1	Got seated, barely acknowledged by the waiter. Had to ask for a menu. Asked a question about the menu...got some vague response because he appeared to be too busy for us. Walked out. Wont return. I hate shitty service.bald. K*nt
2	The service from our waiter was quite good. He is the reason I gave GB more than one star. My wife and I went with my parents after a movie, hoping for a good meal. After spending 70 dollars on four entrees and 20 dollars on drinks, we got out after tax and tip for over 100 dollars. The food was flavorless, expensive, small portions, and boring. It was very disappointing. My dad ordered the lobster crab cakes, which came in a pair, and about two inches in diameter. The price on these were I believe over 20 dollars. I don't think I would go back, maybe just for reverse happy hour. Our server was the highlight of the evening.
3	I really like this place and have been there often.  I have always had good service, but have always sat in the bar area.  The food is good, needs a little more flavor....and is a bit over priced.  The happy hour is really good and has great prices.
2	Let's go for a burger and beer !!  We decided to visit Gordon Biersch only because I wanted some good beer. We waited about 15 minutes and finally seated.  I orderd a Hefewiezen and the beer was great except for the taste of the sanitizer rinse that lingered on the glass. I drank it anyway. I unfolded my napkin and noticed dried food on the utensils and politely requested clean ones, I didn't want to Biersch about it. I ordered a wedge salad with blue cheese crumbles and bacon, it was alright, could have been better if they were not so cheap with the dressing. I didn't want to Biersch about it. The cold loaf of bread should have been warm ?? I didn't Biersch about it. My dining partners lobster bisque should be renamed tomato soup with cooking sherry flavor, no lobster here. She did Biersch and I had to settle her down. We both ordered burgers, different of course, and I requested well done fries, the fries were well done and GREASEY because the cook reheated some fries that were already cooked !! The tomato slice on both burgers were wilted and mushy, I didn't Biersch about that either. A little bit of shredded, wilted lettuce dressed up the hamburger bun, could have been more fancy if the burger had some sliced onion and a pickle would have made my day. I did not Biersch. The waitress never asked if I wanted another beer, sort of glad she didn't, sanitizer isn't that good. When we left the hostess asked us how everything was and I gave her a thumbs down, I assumed that the manager was standing next to her and he said to me " Why didn't you say something", I just told him that  if I had complained it would have been taken like I wanted my meal for free. I didn't want to seem like a Biersch. I won't be going back to Gordon Blah anytime soon !!
3	I come here for two things: their awesome outdoor patios and their Hefeweizen. (Correction: I do get cravings for their awesome Fried Artichokes appetizer, too).The Patio -- there are two patios. One has a window that opens into the bar and has tall tables. The other has normal height tables, a sofa seating area, and a fire place. If you want to eat outside at Happy Hour, you need to go to the bar side patio. No need to wait to be seated. The Hefeweizen -- while I'll take recommendations for great hef's (my search is still limited as of this writing), this place so far has the best one. It's creamy and, according to our server when I asked her what made theirs different, it's made with the genuine unfiltered true German technique -- or something like that -- where many other hef's are often not.The Service -- It's hit and miss. If you get Donna, it's great. Sometimes with other servers we don't get noticed for very long periods of time, though, and we have to ask the bar tender to flag someone down. For a while we kept getting one very bad server. He was totally unhelpful, misinformed, and acted like he thought we were dorks. The last time we got him and he was rude, we asked the manager if we could get someone else. YAY! We got Donna! And we've never seen the rude guy there since (we go a lot).The Food -- it's decent, nothing amazing, although the Fried Artichokes rock. For vegans and vegetarians -- We've had different things custom-made and they're good about that. They have a great-sounding vegetarian pizza that us vegans have to pass on, but we always special order our cheese-less pizza and ask them to add fresh basil. They have a vegetarian pasta dish. Unfortunately, their black beans and rice have an animal broth (boo!). The garlic fries are vegan. There are other sides and things we order and tell them to pass on the cheese.But watch out -- the olive tepenade on the Tapas plate has anchovies. We have them double up the hummus or bruscetta topping instead.
4	Love the beer, the appetizers are good too.  Just a great place to hang out, can't wait until it cools down and can hang in the patio!
2	Not really thrilled with this place.  I expected more of an interesting beer selection.  The food was good but nothing to rave about.  Our salads and entrees arrived back to back which I was not thrilled about.  The inside was nice and the staff friendly.  My husband and I agreed that it was not good enough to go back to.
1	Ordered jalepano cream sauce over linguine with tilapia. Was their special of the day. One of the worst dishes I've ever had. Staff is bad, food is below average, but the beer is decent. The outdoor patio is nice, but lacking character. The garlic fries are good. Overall, go here because there are few choices in the "land of chain food".
4	I have been to Gordon Biersch 3 times now. I have had their sliders, garlic fries, south western eggs rolls, lobster bisque, and tapas. I will say the only thing I was not a fan of was the lobster bisque. I am very particular when it comes to soups and I like soups that are chunky, not ones that are just broth or soups that have been pureed. The lobster bisque had no chunks of lobster and no lobster flavor. So tell me why they call it lobster bisque? I dunno. Anyways, this is kinda like an Applebees or Chilis but a little more upscale and trendier. Same kinda food though, american bar food. So I wouldn't come here and order some kind of fancy pasta, seafood and probably wouldn't order a steak. But the apps, sammiches, and drinks are pretty tasty. Oh yeah, drinks. I have had a beer flight and it was ok. I'm not a big beer drinker. If you are though, the beer flight is a fantastic option to figure out what their best brew is. One drink I am a fan of from Gordon Biersch is the pomegranite mojito. I could drink 10 of these things and not think twice till after I am hugging the porcelain goddess. Haha. They are really fruity and smooth. Great girly drink! Go here is you are looking for a good happy hour or after work location to have a few drinks and bites with friends   :)
2	went once and that was enough for me. the waitress was snotty and not at knowledgeable-when asked if the seasonal brew was hoppy, she said no and looked at me like i was crazy. the beer was extremely hoppy, of course. she ignored us once she found out we weren't ordering food and the beer was mediocre and overpriced.
3	This place seems like an original pub-like restaurant, but it has a more American feel to it.  And the decor is pretty new. I did try one of their handcrafted beers.  I'm not much of a beer fan, but their Golden Export was light and tolarable than most beers.  There's still that "beer taste", but it's not that bitter and heavy as some of the beers I've had.  I do like the service there.  It was St. Patrick's Day, and I wanted to have some green beer.  When I first asked for it, they replied with that they don't offer it,  but the waiter was kind enough to make a request to the bartender.  Soon afterwards, I got my green beer for St. Patty's Day.  Yay! :-)There wasn't anything that stuck out to me on the menu. For the food portion, I decided to order a simple seafood cobb salad.  Can't go wrong with that.  At first I thought that $14 for a salad is a bit over priced, but man, th portion was huge.  A huge bowl was placed before me and I started to chow down.  The fresh real crab and baby shrimp scattered throughout the salad and added a nice twist to the traditional cobb salad.  The ingredients were fresh and the lettuce was crisp.  I would have liked it better if there was more seafood in the dish.  A vinaigreete works beautifully with cobb salads.  With 4 different different housemade vinaigrettes to choose from, they all seemed great to compliment the salads.  I tried to the Marzen balsamic vinaigrette by the recommendation of the server.  It has the tangy balsamic taste, but not overwhelming to mask the light flavors of the seafood in the salad.An average score for pretty good service, but so-so selection and food taste.
4	I love this place.  I go here a lot for beers and enjoy the atmosphere in the bar area.  Their beers are all pretty decent especially the Marzen.The food is really enjoyable.  I actually wish I came here to eat instead of drink to try more things on the menu.  I love the garlic fries.  The lobster bisque is also excellent as well as the southwest egg rolls.  I've had some burgers and other stuff on the menu all of which were good.  It is really only missing some dish on the menu that you absolutely have to go there and get again.
4	Good BBQ pizza and the beer sampler. prefect meal.
5	We were spending Memorial Day checking out thrift shops when we got hungry, and decided to stop by  for some food and a beer (or two).We hit right at the lunch rush, but were quickly seated.  I had the Czech Style Pilsner, and my date tried the Hefewizen.  Both beers were excellent, full bodied and fresh.The menu had so many choices, but we finally decided.  I had the loaded baked potato and salad, which was great choice.  The salad had candied nuts and lots of fresh veggies, and I even got the blue cheese dressing, which was creamy and fresh.The Kobe Beef Burger was also tasty, only downside is they say they won't serve it less than medium. Guess they heard us, because it was still pretty pink when it came out.  The garlic fries were also tasty.The staff was prompt and friendly, and the manager made the rounds to make sure everyone was enjoying their meals.It was a perfect lunch for the last day of a long weekend.
5	Oh Biersch, how I love you! This is one of my favorite places to go for Happy Hour. I love their atmosphere -  it is upbeat, classy and fun. It's never too loud, even if its packed. To be perfectly honest though... their beer is just O.K., not my favorite. But I go here more for the atmosphere and the socializing than the beer. Their wine and cocktails are great though! I usually stick with those. Their bartenders/ servers are great, always fun to talk to. :) It seems like they get a bad wrap on their food, but I think it's pretty good! I usually always order an app when I go, so it must be good :) Sometimes, their calamari has been soggy but it was still okay. All of their other appetizers are yum!!! Most definitely a great place to go for Happy Hour, for a date nite, or with a group of friends :) P.s. Order a slice of their Oreo pie. To die for! ;)
4	I love GB for their Happy Hour and their Dragonberry Mojitos!  I'm a huge fan of the tapas appetizer.  I only wish they had more vegetarian items on the menu.  Great ambiance, great service....will continue to be one of our "go to" places near home.Update 5/15/12:  They've changed their menu and added a vegetarian and vegan section!  Love it!
3	This is a decent place.  The food is consistently good (not spectacular, but good).  A bit greasy, perhaps.  Service is generally good.  Beer is better than average (though no match for some other microbrews I could name).They also have a decent happy hour.  $3 off beer, and a selection of "appetizers" at various prices under about $11 (the "combo" plates are $11, everything else is less).
5	I love Gordon Biersch.  Biersch Biersch, Biersch, down into my belly.I enjoy their beer.  I enjoy their food, and I enjoy their atmosphere.  I have been going to this Biersch location for about 2.5 years and I love it.  Awesome happy hour prices and amazing staff that is always helpful and fun.People who complain about the prices need to utilize the happy hour prices which are available daily.  Even not on happy hour, their beers are only $4.  I've had more expensive beers elsewhere.
1	The good news is the chef or whoever pretends to do that can't screw up the beer. The food is another story. Lunch pulled pork sliders actually made me ill. Lukewarm congealed pulled pork (probably from a huge days old refrigerated batch) concoction on nondescript rolls with a strange onion? pile of something on the middle of plate. Not cheap either. I'd recommend you go down the street a block to Brio.
2	We've done happy hour here several times.  The appetizers they prepare are generally pretty good.  Today we ate lunch.  This review is only for lunch.The chicken parmesan sandwich was mediocre.  The chicken was overcooked, the marinara was very mild, and the breading had no seasoning.  Definitely skip this one if you come here.  My wife had a sausage pasta dish that was pretty good.  I could see ordering that one again.Service was adequate.  Not as attentive as it should have been, but adequate.
4	Kobe cheeseburger or sliders are always a win. Holy hell the garlic fries aren't joking about the garlic, but they ARE delicious.
4	Happy hour mini fresh mozzarella pizza!  Schwarzbier!
4	I loved the atmosphere. The beer was good. My date and I split the gigondor plate of appetizers and it was really good. I doubt the sliders are kobe, however, I dont know if I cared. (When I think of sliders, I think of White Castle... if you want them to be "sliders", make them with cheap beef, not Kobe, or call them mini burgers). Anywhoop... we sat at the bar. The bartender was nice & was attentive enough without being annoying. Overall, I enjoyed myself there. I think I might go there more often and try out more of the menu. This location is WAY better than the location on Mill, without a doubt.
2	Let first say I like Gordon Biersch but they could use a little work. The hostess was very friendly and welcoming when I entered the restaurant.I went there last Thursday night for drinks and appetizers with a friend. We split the Brewer's Feast* American-style Kobe Beef Sliders, Garlic Fries,Southwest Egg Rolls and Hummus with garlic crostini for 17.95. I would be willing to bet my pay check that was not Kobe beef on the sliders. It was dry ordinary beef with no flavor. I've read past reviews on Gordon's and many people rave about the garlic fries, they were just ok, actually a little soggy. The southwest egg rolls were good they're always a favorite of mine. The hummus was a total flop, lacked flavor. I ordered a couple of beers, I had their seasonal winter brew which had good flavor and a golden. The beer is always good and I love ambience of Gordon's. The bartender could've been a little more attentive considering it was a slow rainy Thursday night. One suggestion is Gordon's could lower their prices, its a bit on the steep side. All things considered I would return Gordon's because I love the location and 1 of the few brewery's nearby.
1	We came here for dinner for me and reverse happy hour for my wife, we ordered our appetizers and after finishing them and looking over the menu for a few minutes we were ready to jump into the overpriced entrees. We were then informed that we couldn't order dinner. Maybe when they see someone coming in and telling them they are...here for dinner...they might give them a heads up that the kitchen Is closing so we can order our meals and not be told five minutes after it did close..fourth time we've given this place a and got crappy service. Bartender got a buck tip and we had to go find another restaurant for dinner, Needless to say we won't be giving them another chance. Not good Gordon B. Not good.
1	I have been here about 6 times. First 3 visits after opening the food and service was beyond excellent. Last visit was nothing short of ridiculous, we sat around 20 minutes before I had to get up and complain for lack of service. Food portions seemed to be skimmed down.
4	Had our monthly book club here. Was nice that we could make a reservation, but we probably didn't need it as it wasn't that busy on a Thursday night. Our server was good but seemed a little over-anxious to get our orders going. Portion sizes of salads are interesting. I had a seafood cobb, which was HUGE, and very tasty. Someone else ordered a dinner salad, which was still around the price of a full salad but she had about a third of what I did (and I could be generous in saying that- could have been a quarter size). I enjoyed the atmosphere very much, and wouldn't mind coming back and seeing what their other entrees are like. The pasta dish someone else ordered looked quite good. Yeah, I'll be back.
2	While trekking to the neighborhood Apple store, we thought we might give this place a try.  Being that it was happy hour, DH and DS and I took a hi-top table in the bar and settled down looking for some good food (we could smell those burgers everywhere in San Tan Village!).DH ordered the Asian Fusion combination platter which had Southwestern Egg Rolls, Chinese Potsticker, and Tempura Shrimp.  At $11, it was a little pricey but it was a decent portion for a dinner and would have been a shareable appetizer for 2 or 3.  Presentation was nice and the sauces were tasty.DS ordered the BBQ burger which was a nice sized burger. Interestingly they didn't ask how he wanted it done which meant in my world, I was having nothing to do with it. I can't stand a well or medium-well burger and that is exactly what they served up. And it came with a pile of garlic fries.  The verdict is still out on those.  DS, who lives for anything garlic, even remarked that they were just a little to heavy-handed with the garlic seasoning on them.Oh - and one other thing that just slayed me - yellow mustard!  In this day and age of $11 burgers, please chef, freaking offer something other than yellow mustard!  It is like setting a table with the best china and linens and then giving someone a plastic fork - there is a time and place for yellow mustard, but not on anything other than fast food.DS and I both had  the Lobster Bisque.  At $4.50 a cup, I had high expectations.  Wow. Such a disappointment.  It arrived with a swirl of sour cream on top so I had high hopes at the start but......there was nothing in it. Not a speck of lobster. Yes, it was rich, Yes, it was creamy.  But NOTHING in it. It was lobster-flavored bisque.  Oh, wait, yes, there were some lumps in it - not sure if it was some roux that had not been whisked in (doubtful) or more likely the pot scum that you get with cream sauces. So this is off my recommended list - if you are going to have bisque, put something in it besides soup base and white sauce - heck, I can get that from a can of Campbells.....I ordered the Turkey combo (1/2 turkey sandwich, and a soup or salad) opting for the house salad.  Interestingly enough, DH ordered a house salad on the side - his came with spiced pecans and way more cheese so realize this is not a full house salad included in the combo.  The turkey 1/2  sandwich came with watercress mayo which was heavily laden with garlic (it tasted oddly like one of the sauces DH got with his platter - I think it was just the overwhelming garlic flavor that made everything taste alike).The sandwich was a decent portion and was not a bad deal with the salad for the price but I ended up eating it without 1/2 of the toast since that mayo was just - well, for lack of a better term - gross.  It was too overwhelming of a flavor with the mild turkey.  I'd recommend asking for it on the side and deciding yourself.Service - well, that left a lot to be desired. It was happy hour and the place was dead except for the bar.  Asking for dressing on the side of the salad was ignored. Could not get extra napkins or much attention at all.  All in all - it was okay. Nothing I would go out of my way for.  Our bill for three, including tip, was $64. That included one beer, one soda, and the above food. I thought a little overpriced.  So next Apple visit, we will venture and try somewhere else.
4	My boyfriend and I recently went here for happy hour and were pleasantly surprised. I had the dragonfly mojito and it was super yummy and such a girly drink, only $5 on happy hour! We ordered the egg rolls, crab dip and slider combo. All the food was completely delicious and hot. Our waitress, Erica V, was very sweet and attentive (wish there were more like her). The only thing was the total bill was pricey because we overindulged in all the yummy appetizers and drinks. We will be back!
3	I was told this was a great place so I wanted to try it out.Went there for lunch, sat at the bar tables.Pros: TV's, Food, Helpful & friendly staff.Cons: place was a lil $$, Garlic Fries were not at all how I have had them at other locations, small portion, and just a lil Garlic... Hello Garlic Fries.This is still a very nice place, I could as easily give it 4 Stars, but I went for Garlic Fries and was heavily disapointed, I will be back.
2	Well that was a disappointment. We used to dine here often when they first opened. Then we ventured off to other options. (Dave's) The service was always great. Well it has changed. We are Passport members and received a coupon for a Cheeseburger & beer for $10 on Tax Tuesday only. The husband called ahead and asked if we could use the coupons for our non-drinking members but still have the beers for us. He was assured they were flexible with coupon. The fine print said: one coupon per person. So after a 20 minute wait to sit, our waitress arrives and tells us no that won't work with the coupons. We order drinks and try not be annoyed. We decide on three cheeseburgers and pizza. Then the waitress returns (without the drinks) and says the manager said the coupon deal will work. Oh well we've decided differently. So we order and wait for our beers.....................................................................and wait..............................................................oh here they are. Warm. No apology just 'here you go'. Then we wait..................................................................................................and get our dinner. The WAITRESS realizes we have no utensils or napkins. So we wait.............................................but I see some on a clean table inside, I walk in and take them off the table. As I'm walking out I run into her she says "oh, sorry". So I finally dig in and it's so blah, we ordering the beef medium and it was overcooked very charred on the outside with a slice of cheddar, a bit of shredded lettuce, slice of tomato, on a big bun. I had garlic fries as they used to be so good. These were cold, greasy and mushy. The waitress never came by to ask how the meal was. But she finally showed up and stated "you are welcome to one more beer would you like it"? Yes, and then we ............you guessed it! WAIT..........................................................................................................................................................................................Sigh. She finally brought it and it was a least cold this time. Then we were done and yes, we waited and waited and waited for the check. Until we got up and could have left but we went inside and ....waited. The I think the manager went and found it for us. So dear waitress, we are good tippers even for unspecial service but never, never for complete disregard for any customer service. I can't see us going back any time in the near future.
4	This Gordon Biersch has an outstanding bar - one of the best in the area. The staff is friendly and really know their beer. Our waiter, Brent, suggested their seasonal brew - turned out to be an excellent choice. The appetizers are huge and very tasty.   Happy hour in effect all day on Sunday. We will be back
4	Gordon Biersch is now one of my favorite go-to spots because they have vegan, vegetarian and gluten free food menus. It is a great place to go with a diverse group with diverse needs. And of course, they have BEER. Beer is always good.
4	This GB is one of our favorite places to stop for snack and good seasonal beer.  We try for Sundays to do our shopping in the area and stop here....because it is Happy Hour in the bar area all day long.  Great specials on their beers, wine and appetizers.  We have tried several of their appetizers, but you can't beat their garlic fries here!! YUM-O!Anyhow, the service here is always great.  The hostess, bartenders and waitress are always friendly and ready to take your order.  It is especially nice when the weather is beautiful then they open up the patio/bar area.  Great place to watch games...plenty of TV's.  I frequent the Mill Ave. location, because I work in the area and it does not compare to the San Tan GB.
4	Ate here for the first time this weekend and I was very pleased with my overall experience. I had Vegan taco's with black beans substituted for garlic fries and a delicious hot tea called "Hint of Mint."  For all you tea lovers out there they have a pretty good selection of tea's and quite a few are decaf. We were seated right away in a nice booth and our waiter was very nice and clean cut. The food came out quickly and was delicious for both me and my brother. He had a chicken cooked three different ways dish, sorry the name escapes me. My big bro also had a German beer called Hefeweizen I did try a sip and as a non-drinker I found it delicious and very balanced. The only reason it won't get five stars from me is the price tag of my meal. I had two taco's, cup of black beans, and a single glass of tea. My total at the end of the meal? $19.00 not including tip. This was not a split my brother and I went Dutch for this meal and I found that to be pretty pricey considering what I ordered. Don't me wrong I'm not a miser or anything I just think for one person $25 (tip included) for lunch is hefty! Right? Come on everybody!
4	All day happy hour on Sunday makes for a great deal. New Imperial Pilsner is tasty.
4	Love Gordon Biersch for their lunch and happy hour specials.  The Southwest Egg Rolls are divine and who can pass up their garlic fries.  Always get great service.
5	Good food, good beer, good service, good atmosphere! What more colud you want? Cedar Plank Salmon ... mmmmmm.
3	Gordon Biersch is consistent no matter where you go - DC, Gilbert, Honolulu, you know what you'll get when you walk through the door:  good food with good lagers. The food is reasonable, and the beers are good.  If you're looking for 5 star food, check the Michelin guide.  If you want  an excellent, fresh seasonal lager at a good price, go to GB and try their Festbeer.  You won't be led astray.  Pair that with the Moroccan Chicken, and you'll get your money's worth.  GB is good.
2	It's a shame the service was so horrible since the beer was delicious.  We had to wait 45 min for our meals, and the only time our waitress came to the table was to introduce herself and give us the tab.  The food was pretty good, but not 80 dollars worth.  The manager was friendly and understanding.  Maybe on a differant night the experience would have been better.  It sucks that 1 waitress can ruin an entire dining experience especially it being the first time any of the 4 of us were there.  Probably going to be the last time too.  I would imagine it would be a cool place to visit if you were going just for the beer and maybe an appetizer.
3	Meh. I think the food is mediocre, but my wife likes it. Definitely better places around SanTan.  The service isn't the best either. It's also a little pricey for what you get. Just my opinion.
2	Avoid!  Like the other reviews stated, food is so so at best.  The staff was slow, and didn't ask us why we only ate a few bites out of each of our meals.  Really sad to be quite honest.
1	We usually really like this restaurant but DO NOT order the street taco appetizer! For $9.95 you get 4 mini corn tortilla with 1 or 2 matchstick size pieces of steak, in fact one taco only had one matchstick piece. If you go here for lunch stick to the burgers or Pizzas.
3	The main reason I frequent this place is for the fresh Lager Beer and Ahi Taco's.Of course half the time they serve me Mahi ... not Ahi. (Must not translate well to Spanish)Ok Total Wine & More and the Apple store is on the same block and their Happy Hour starts early at 9PM which also get me in the door.Decent energy in the bar area for an East Valley location.
1	We were disappointed that they were so inconsistant. Then after writing them and letting them know that we were not happy campers they chose to ignore us and not answer back to explain why their pasta is so inconsistant. good one time and bad the next and then overpriced for what they served the next time. I personally do not understand why a place this expensive can be so totally inconsistant in quality. The pasta they served was old and close to dried out. Panda express is more consistant. This pasta was like it had been sitting till 3 pm after being made for lunch. We will not waste our time or money on these people who cant even answer their email from dissatisfied customers.
4	Good food! Like the atmosphere
3	Great service, Food was good but I've had much better. Very clean, Nice restrooms, open bar.
4	Great food, I ordered a Marzen BBQ Burger and Garlic Fries, It was yummy food!  We had a great waitress and the food was made right and got it pretty fast
2	Beer: goodThere's surely a beer for anyone who like beer on the menu. Nothing wow but decent.Food: average to underwhelmingThey play it safe with the menu and the flavor. Its over sauced and yet still bland.Service: hit and missWe were treated well enough but it wasn't clear to us or the staff who was waiting our table... it took some time to get sorted.
2	Our dinner was over priced and the food was over cooked.  Although the food didn't taste bad, I don't think we will be returning.  We did have good service.  The waiter was on top of things.
3	I've been here several times, and well, it's a chain. I don't usually eat here but my husband wanted to go here. Funny enough, he actually wanted to go to BJ's and was confused. He was disappointed because they only have lager here.Last night we actually had a 5 star experience. Our server Paul was really phenomenal. Got my kids extra fruit, really knowledgeable about beer (my husband loved chatting with him about beer and brewing) and helped me figure out the rewards program. Great service! Food was pretty good too. Hubby got the fish and chips. Fish was breaded with panko and was nice and crispy. Pretty bland though. The garlic fries were really good. I got the cheeseburger with blue cheese. Nothing phenomenal but good.Unfortunately, I've had a lot of 1 star experiences here and I think that they are a little too expensive for the quality you get,  that I'm giving GB a 3 star overall. Hopefully last night's experience indicates improvement, but it's really a hit or miss.
1	way way too pricey!!10-15 $ for appetizer??! not even taste good.Avoid.
4	Farmhouse Burger aka something memorable about my Arizona trip. You know that part in the relationship where you're just starting out? The part where it's talking and butterflies? You know, before he shows you who he really is, and makes you wanna run home, lock your door, and hide under your covers forever? The beginning, where you have no idea he's a psycho and he treats you like a princess? This burger is so much better than that! I went to Gordon Biersch to eat, not to fall in love. But hey, two birds, one burger. I think I went with my mom and cousins. By "I think" I don't mean we all got so wasted that I don't remember. By "I think" I mean I THINK there were people, I KNOW they were talking, but I was too distracted by the orgasms that were happening via my taste buds.  Let me paint this picture for you: Bacon jam. Need I say more? No? Well I'm going to. Arugula, roasted tomatoes, mustard sauce, and a juicy beef patty topped with a fried egg, and don't forget the garlic fries! Are we absolutely sure lust and gluttony are deadly sins? I'm looking into it. Apologize in advance to everyone for the inappropriate noises you will be making while consuming. Not to be made in front of small children. You have been warned.PS. I accept thank-you's in the form of Visa, MasterCard, or Pay Pal.
3	This is one of those places where groups of people are always having far more fun than you are. You know those places? Not because of anything you did wrong--but because you just didn't end up in the right section, or with the right server, or whatever.The beer is good! I went for a happy hour and so was sitting near the bar. Near enough to see a lot of people at the bar having fun. I think that in order to have fun here, you need to sit at the bar and just drink beer without a care in the world.The reason why is that the food is kind of bad. It's bad because it's bar quality food, but it's dressed up to be pretentious high-brow kind of food. So you order tapas or some fancy type of egg roll but it just tastes like something you can get at the food service outlet store.
4	Great brews and the southwest egg rolls ROCK
1	Good food, but witnessed the grill chef use tongs to put a raw piece of chicken on the grill and use the same ones to pull a cooked one and put it on a sandwich. MAJOR NO NO IN THE FOOD INDUSTRY! Some times its not good for a restaurant to have an open kitchen. I've have managed restaurants in my life and is why I noticed this. I informed the manager and he handled the situation properly. Unfortunately this is something I had to report to the public, so this can be looked at by corporate and handled ,so hopefully someone doesn't get sick. P.s. there marzen beer is very good. Eat at your own risk.
1	We're so done with this place.Years ago Gordon's was such a great place to go for lunch when there was a fun festival on Mill Ave, or for dinner when you and your friends were going out for some fun. Now Gordon's is a place full of constant disappointments.A couple months ago we went to the Gordon's in San Tan Village and we were served cold, tasteless food. A month later we decided to give them another try and it happened again. This time I wrote to Gordon's telling them of our unsatisfactory visits, and they were very courteous and mailed us gift cards while encouraging us to give them another try.Today we visited the Mill Ave location and regardless that the food was free because of the gift cards I wished we hadn't gone. We sat in the self seating area near the bar. Our server was very standoffish and you could tell he didn't want to be there at all. He brought us our soda's and took our order but he didn't bother to ask how we wanted our burgers cooked, nor did he ask which option we wanted for our sides. While waiting for our food I noticed both of our glasses were dirty and had old food remnants in them!! I grabbed another server who was walking by and told her. She apologized and took the glasses. A few minutes later she brought our new sodas over and said, "Well we serve lemons and strawberries in our glasses from the lemonades but they were sterilized so the food pieces in them were clean so it's okay." Are you effing kidding me!? Finally the food came and just like the San Tan Village location the food was cold, and absolutely tasteless. We finished our meal gave the gift cards to the server and left. Seriously, if you're looking for a fabulous burger, great beer, excellent service and an a fun atmosphere please try San Tan Brewery which is in Chandler off of Arizona Ave and Chandler Blvd in the old town area. You won't be disappointed! As my dad would say, they could sell their burgers in India they're so good. http://www.santanbrewing.comOr if you're near Tempe and okay with fighting for parking try Four Peak's Brewery, they're also fantastic.  http://www.fourpeaks.com/
3	I tried GB Beer years ago and couldn't stand it - and I'm a pretty unpicky alcoholic. Just not my thing. Went here to give the restaurant a chance and didn't care much for it here either. I'm not super needy, but when it takes 5 minutes to even have someone get your drink order... then another 3 to get your drink to the table that is entirely too much time. The food was OK.
5	I enjoy their food and beer.  Everything is from scratch and was super delicious.  I had Bistro Steak Medallians that were cooked perfectly to order.  The menu had so many different options it makes choosing between dishes difficult but the staff is very helpful.  The Happy Hour they have is awesome and it is all day on Sunday!
5	We have been here twice now and both times received excellent service and delicious food.  Frankly, I'm surprised it hasn't received higher ratings on yelp!  My kids love it here and get the chicken fingers with fries and Oreo pie for dessert. My husband got a stir fry the first time we went and a bruschetta chicken dish (I think it was called Mediterranean Chicken) this time and LOVED both.  I got the California burger the first time...hands down the juiciest and best burger I've ever had!  The burger bun is delicious, too...very soft and fresh tasting.  This time I got the avocado chicken sandwich....soooo yummy!  Oh and I can't forget the GARLIC FRIES!  AWESOME!  Please give this place a try...great for families!!
1	I have worked in the restaurant business for 5 years and this was one of the worst service experiences I have had..Arrived on a Sunday night, no host to be found. My girlfriend and I were about to seat ourselves and asked a server if we just sit anywhere? The server acted bothered and told us she would get the host. We returned to the lobby and waited.... As other workers walked by, we weren't asked if we had been helped and were at the host stand for about 10 minutes before the host walked up and told us happy hour was all day Sunday. We were first timers and there was no sign stating this information.We sat ourselves and as servers walked by for about two minutes, 2 other tables were sat and served on before we saw our server. She didn't mention the seasonal beer and had little knowledge when asked about the beers themselves. The drinks came out timely, my beer however was low for a while before I got asked if I wanted another. The food took too long and was okay but nothing really struck me as something I couldn't get better somewhere else.For the little amount of tables in the bar/restaurant, this service was dreadful. My girlfriend and I were shocked.The only reason why I will walk in this place again is the $2.50 beer on Tuesdays. No food please. I'm simple. I want my drinks, when they start to look low, ask if I want another. That's basically happy hour service which was not evident in this place. Just a bummer.In the SanTan area, you have many choices. This is last resort for sure.
4	Really diggin the southwest egg rolls and garlic fries :) not a big fan of the beer but they have some killer cocktails! I had something with grapes and tequila...gosh, obviously I had too many cuz I don't remember the name! LolI would def recommend and if you had too many...it's in the mall so you can walk it off!
5	Good food, craft beer, and good service. The southwest egg rolls are a must and the fish tacos are better than most Mexican restaurants.
4	Great service.  If you're not sure what kind of beer to get, they will bring you a sample to make sure.  We love everything from the salad to the burgers and fish and chips for lunch.  Very good sangria.
2	They where incredibly excellent for awhile but now they seem to be falling more and more. Even the beer is warm now. Don't know what has happened.
4	I am a frequent customer of this establishment and I appreciate the quality of their beer and the consistency of good service in the bar area. I have only dined in the main seating area twice, and one time it resulted in a beer bath for my wife and infant son but hey, que sera sera right? My overall experience with GB has been positive. Food is good quality but overpriced in my opinion. I tend to take advantage of their happy hour specials if possible. I have had a couple snafus regarding my order, one in particular where my dinner salad came after the entree, but they comped the salad and apologized, no big deal. My go to brew is the hefeweizen, you will not be disappointed with its banana-clovey smoothness. Cheers!
3	Foods pretty good but I come here for the yummy bread pudding.
1	I wish I had something nice to say about this place but everything about the experience today was disappointing!  I will not be visiting this location again
3	I've eaten a couple times at this restaurant.  The food is pretty good.  I'd give the food alone a 7 out of 10.  But the service leaves something to be desired.  The servers aren't awful, but they aren't great.  Just little things like not being quick to pick up dirty dishes, asking me to move things on the table (even though I hadn't done anything except take the napkin down off the table) so she can put a plate down, and like putting a beer down in front of me that was ordered by someone else at the table.  She quickly realized it wasn't mine, but had already spilled some in front of me (didn't even set it down on a coaster anyway) and then left the spilled beer sitting in front of me, didn't wipe it up.  So I had to use my lap napkin to clean it up.  All of these things happened on the last visit, and I should add it was a Tuesday evening around 8:00, so they weren't busy at all at the time.  I just would have liked a bit better service.The previous times I've been here it's been much the same.  Not terrible, not great.  Food is good, beers are good, service is meh.
1	Went to this location with friends Saturday night. Had reservations for 7pm for a table of 7. We arrived about 15 minutes early and we were told that they would not seat until 7. No problem!  At 7:10 we inquired about our table & told it would be a few more minutes. Again ok. There was an event at the mall and the entire area was very busy.  Finally after checking again, we were told there was a party of 3 that had been occupying one of the tables needed for our party since 4 pm. They had paid their bill, but continued to sit at the table. We asked to be seated in another area & were told there were too many other reservations to make that possible.  At 7:45, after talking with the manager, we walked out, and went down the block to another establishment & we were seated within 15 minutes. We watched several parties without reservations be seated at Gordon Biersch while we waited. It will be a long time before we go back or recommend Gordon Biersch to anyone.I should add that the manager offered a $25 gift card to a party of seven! Not even $5 a person! We spent much more than that down the street!
4	My wife and I went back a couple days ago and really enjoyed it this time. The beer was cold. The food was tasty and hot. And the waiter was very nice. We will be coming back.
2	The service and food quality have really gone downhill in the last year or so. My husband and I used to go there a couple days a month for lunch. I would often  the lobster bisque  and a wedge salad.  It used to be delicious.  When I went there last month, the bisque was the consistency of pudding with a skin on it.  The waitress was terrible, I sat there with this nasty soup for 20 minutes, she never came to check in us. (Mind you this was a day where there were about 3 other couples in the restaurant and that was it. )When she did come back she asked if I was finished and started taking the soup away.  I told her that the soup was pretty cold and inedible.  She looked surprised.  Did she think I loved it, and that was why I didn't eat any of it?Anyhow, she asked of I wanted another bowl.  I said no, just take it off the check please.  No apologies for the shitty food.  She never once refilled out drinks which were empty for about 30 minutes.  I've gone back once since then, and the egg rolls were cold, the fries soggy, and the fish dry.  I'm not sure what's happening over there but they need to step it up ant fix the issues that are going on and make the place what it used to be.
5	Love the happy hour specials at this place! The staff is always super friendly and helpful! Highly recommend the egg rolls on the happy hour menu. Usually sit at the bar and get drinks super fast.
1	The food was pretty good. Service was decent but very slow until the end. Lindsey dropped off my check without asking me if I wanted anything else, nor after sitting on the check for about 15 minutes, did she come back over to see if there was something else I needed. Why does this always happen when I am dining solo? Not happy at all :-(
2	Wish I would've read the reviews before eating here, Red Robin would've been a better option. Had calamari as an appetizer, was really disappointed that it ha NO flavor at all, didn't like the white sauce that came with it and marinara really didn't taste like much either. Ordered a California burger for dinner and that too was totally bland, I NEVER salt my food even when cooking but had to add some to my burger bc the only flavor I could taste was the char from the grill, the few fries I did eat were actually pretty good and the best part of the meal. Service wasn't too bad, but no one cared to clear the table, also our waitress wasn't too responsive to checking on us or even when I told her about the calamari. As soon as we walked out I had severe abdominal pain and felt like I was going to vomit in the parking lot, thankfully I live close by and was able to make it home before anything happening. Needless to say, I won't be dining at Gordon Biersch again.
4	Nice place. Beer is cold and delicious. The wait staff is friendly and attentive and the appetizers are solid.
2	My husband and I recently went there and what a disappointment!  The root beer was flat, complained they brought another one and it was not good either.  It took about 40 min. to get a burger and salad!  Really????  They apologized and said the kitchen was backed up....It was in the middle of a week day and about 1/4 full.  The last time we went, maybe 6 months prior it was not anything to get excited about either, but just thought they were having a bad day.  We will not go back, at least to this location.
2	chain, chain, chain, chain of fools... I always break out my Aretha when I find myself here. Cold beer, unhealthy appetizers, always has patrons. I just dont get why. It is close the the theater. Chain, chain, chain....
2	Nothing outstanding. We ordered grilled cheese, mini brats, steak, and a chicken sandwich. Sandwich was cold and a little too charred. Mini brats were good. Steak was burnt Grilled cheese was ok. Server was nothing more than just a server, which is fine. I know she was busy. Maybe will give it another shot, as we will be living across the street soon.
4	We just left the restaurant and had 5 out of 6 wonderful dinners and great service by Andrew. The fish & chips was  like frozen fish sticks. Cajuan pasta salmon,  mac & cheese pasta , and chicken skewer dishes were excellent. The Heffe beer was the best on the west coast.  I would highly recommend to anyone.
3	Was at the mall and had an appointment so I decided to head here and have a beer while I waited.It's a typical Gordon Biersch, but they have an indoor/outdoor bar that I noticed was popular in this area that's super nice. They also have another patio on the other side, so essentially a wrap-around seating area. Very cool.Walked up to the bar, was greeted by a girl that didn't really impress. No smile, or welcome, just basically 'what can I get you?' That's fine, but I ordered then looked around for my beer, it had been a few minutes, and this chick is making other drinks. Not cool. I look at her she sees me and THEN gets my beer. So, it's really your standard GB. Nothing special. The food is okay (I've eaten at others), I like their beer, but wish they'd be more friendly and get that whole order (it's in the name - ex. in order) thing down. First come, first serve, no?There are better bars, find them.
3	Went there with the hubby on valentines day  and having no kids  with us I wanted to have a nice evening  with some good food. We'll we  ended up so disappointed my husband ordered the ribeye myself the Kobe burger both came out raw .. And when I saw raw I mean practically mooing it was so disgusting .after waiting an hour for our food to be made again I was still sadly disappointed burger was dry ,steak was ordered medium rare and was well and chewy needless to say it was not the romantic dinner I had hoped for. However I will say that the manager was great and handled it amazingly he took care of  our entire dinner and apologized profusely which thanks to him I will definitely be back in hopes for a better experience
5	Go to this place often! The beer is great and bartenders and servers are awesome! They do seasonal brews which is awesome and provides a great change of pace. The menu could be better but the staff always makes sure you are taken care of!!!
3	Tonight was my first time ever eating at this restaurant. I started off with the sampler of there house brews.  I then ordered the jambalaya for my entree.  The beer was half way decent, and I enjoyed the knowledgeable presentation by our waiter who was very outstanding by the way.  The jambalaya was decent I was disappointed in the lack of seasoning, overcooked rice, and lack of meat.  Overall it was an ok experience, but our waiter is the reason I most definitely will return to this place to try the other menu options.
4	Great place to watch a game and have a few beverages.  I was there last night to watch the NCAA tournament, and all was well. The bar is very spacious and comfortable, the service is very good, and the food is what you hope for at a restaurant. I'll be going back for sure. Go Bucky!!!
5	Here on business and I was looking for a mellow place to grab a drink an have some dinner. Rachel was my server in the bar area and she very helpful with suggestions with what to order. I ended up with a burger and garlic fries and it was delicious. I will definitely try this back I'm SD.
4	Went there with my husband and a friend who was in town. We were seated quickly and the server was nice. The food came out and the order was wrong but no big deal we ate it anyway. It was just average food, not really worth the cost but maybe I should try something different. Wouldn't seek it out but wouldn't avoid it.
3	I've been here a couple of times now and the food is good... service is pretty good... but nothing is extraordinary. I know they have some fiercely loyal fans... but I just can't figure out how they can charge twice as much as similar places and still seem busy?I will admit... the fish tacos are really, really good though. they would get another start form me if their prices were more in check with similar restaurants.
3	Food is 4 stars, service restaurant 4, bar is 2.  Bartender is kind to locals, not south to the casual visitor.  Marten is best beer, wings are really good, specials keep it interesting, but food is wayyyyyyy overpriced.
3	Had a nice dinner, but the manager was a complete asshole! I broke my kneecap about a month ago and this was my first time out. I'm still in a leg brace. I had just gotten settled in a booth with my leg elevated. I forgot that my cane was sitting just beside the booth, and the manager came by, picked it up, and berated us for leaving it sitting next to the booth!  He said someone could have tripped and fallen and broken their leg. Ummmm, hello!? You're in the service industry. Couldn't you have politely just said, do you mind if I move this out of the way? Or if you had given us one minute, it would have been moved. After he walked away, the entire table commented on what a jerk he had been. His tone was offensive. I gave the waitress a BIG tip for having to deal with him as a boss!!!
4	When I visit the Phoenix area, I usually try to stop at this restaurant once during the trip.  It is situated in a great shopping complex, so my wife can shop and we can grab a great dinner on their outside deck.The beer is always very good and the service is friendly, I was also amazed that they have great crab cakes on their menu.  Hard to believe that you could get a great seafood dinner out in the middle of the desert.
4	Good fish and chips and reasonably priced. The Parmesan fries are a must try and worth it. Over a great Place to eat and I will definitely come again!
2	I've been to this location a few times and I have to say it's always just ok. Last night my husband I both had a cheeseburger and it wasn't good. Very dry and tasteless. The french fries I usually like didn't taste like much either. Pretty disappointing. I like the chicken chopped salad a lot and I think if I ever go back I will just stick with that.
3	Eh, their beer is good but I like more selection. Their food is done well, but far from spectacular. If it's not happy hour, it's kinda not worth it...
1	Unfortunately, things have gone downhill since our last visit. Warm beer, stale bread for crab/artichoke dip, server didn't clear appetizer dishes, skimpy margarita salt, hip hop being played. New management hasn't served it well. New menu too. Will probably look elsewhere next time out.
4	Had a great burger and drinks..... Ordered an ahi salad to go ... Didn't check my salad until I got home. Was literally 2 cups of lettuce and 2oz of tuna for $15!! Giving them a great review because I immediately called the manager and she kindly reimbursed my salad purchase. Service like this does not go unnoticed! I'll be back!  Well done Gordon Biersch!
3	I come here often as it's not too far from where I work.  Most of the items on the menu are good, but nothing yet that has blown my taste buds away.  The service has always been great and the atmosphere is good.   Out of all the different items I have tried, I would have to say that the salads they offer are their most unique tasting dish.
1	Wow we thought we would try happy hour on Sunday. It was really busy, good for them. Our server was nice but really slow to get us our drinks. The plate of sliders made it to our table but they were cold.  The pork slider had good flavor but the Kobe beef were dry and had no flavorThe server NEVER came by our table to ask if everything was okay or if we wanted another drink. Will not go back.
1	Two strikes for Gordon Biersch in the SanTan Mall. This is the second time attempting to have dinner here & two times NO service!  The first time was a weekend, after waiting 30 min we were seated & for the next 15 min no one came to the table for drinks or anything, so we left. Tonight, we figured it's the middle of the week & there wasn't a wait, so we went in & not even a greeter this time!  We waited for 5 min & still no one so we left.  I guess this means they don't need our business, sooooo we probably won't be going back again!  Both times we walked down to Famous Dave's BBQ where we were immediately greeted, taken to a table & in less than 2 min our server was there asking what kind of beverage we wanted.
4	Came to Gordon for some yummy pizza and beer. I enjoyed myself greatly. Our food and drinks came out quickly. My friend and I had a wonderful server who was very attentive and made sure we had everything we needed. She was helpful with assisting us with our beer choices. I will come back again.
5	I absolutely love Gordon's. The atmosphere is really chill. I come here about once a week  with a group of friends and never had a bad experience. It's really cool that we keep getting the same waitress and she knows my drink order. They have the best Reverse happy hour 9-cl. $5 cocktails a handful to choice from. $3.50 in house beers and $2.00 off a glass of wine. (I had 2 glasses myself ) yummy! Anyways great place to come to and Lindsay the waitress is awesome.
1	After writing the original review the company contacted me and asked me to email them and discuss what I had written in the review. I sent them an email and never heard back. That's what I call great customer service. I won't be back.
2	overpriced and the food is average to below average. Crab cakes tasty super fishy and the beer was not cold. Salmon was ok and the garlic fries were WAY too garlicy. And I love garlic.Try somewhere else when in the area. This is a overpriced chain restaurant with average to below average food.
1	Overpriced. Fatty ribeye. Others who were with us said their food was blah and had no flavor. Waitress forgot to take someone in our groups order so he got his food after we were half done. None of us will go back!
3	Went here on a Saturday night. It was about a 30 minute wait for 4 adults and 2 small children which is fine. Service was great and food was good. I had a drink (not beer) that was excellent. My only complaint is that it was SO LOUD in there! Like had to yell to be heard by the person sitting directly next to you loud. It must be the way it's arranged or the building materials or something....I couldn't imagine going here on a date or anytime you want to have a meaningful conversation.
3	Typical chain.  Food is ok, service is good, and everything is clean.
4	I give this location four stars for the most improved.  Having gone from a eatery who only employed rude young adults, the customer service has greatly improved.  The food has always been well prepared by a very professional kitchen staff and the price is reasonable for what you get.
5	Reverse Happy Hour on a Friday night? thank you very much! I ordered the Heffenweisen (delicious), calamari (it was ok), friend artichoke hearts (delicious) and the Kobe Sliders (yummy). I can't wait to go back.
2	Decent beer but the burger looked and tasted like it was just thawed. The garlic fries are ok but very limp. I keep coming back against my wife's wishes but I think I'll listen to her next time.
3	I try to like Gordon Biersch, I really do, but every time I visit a location, I'm always a bit disappointed.  This time, we tried the Gilbert location and the outcome was no different.  I decided to try a burger this time and not just any burger...I decided to pay the extra money for a Kobe burger.  I ordered it medium but it was delivered somewhere between medium well and well. It was dry and not too flavorful.  I should've just went with the regular burger.  My daughter ordered a pizza and wasn't too impressed with that either.  Over the years, I've tried many items on the menu (see, I told you I've really tried to like it), but haven't had anything worth eating again.  My recommendation would be that if you're going to Gordon Biersch, sit in the bar and order a beer and maybe some garlic fries...
1	This place went downhill quickly. We used to frequent here pretty regularly. After coming tonight to take advantage of their promotional birthday dinner for my wife she was promptly asked by a rude bartender to PROVE her birth date. Instead of a happy birthday. Our food took almost an hour. Showed up half hot half cold. Pretty similar to the shoulder we got by service. Huge thumbs down.
3	This place reminded me of a Chilli's restaurant and the giant TV's with sports on are really getting old. I just like to eat without distractions. The food was just plain, and the beer was good but not great. I take that back, the Czech Pilsner was great. The server was really good too. I probably won't go back but it wasn't horrible.
1	I went here today for lunch with my wife. Staff was not friendly from the start. Everyone had a scowl on their face and seemed rather displeased to be there. Lunch and two drinks was 44 bucks which consisted of a hamburger and a sausage plate. I was not pleased with the portion size for the cost. Our sever was MIA during our lunch. We didn't even get the check until we went to the hostess counter and asked for it. Then we got it when the waitress rudely slapped it on the counter and stated 'here'. I believe there is a management issue at this location. I will not return, there is a lot of variety available in the San Tan.
4	The prices are high for what it is, but the food is delicious.It's a great environment, nice waiter/waitresses, the beer is excellent and it's a variety of selections.  I do have to stress the prices are the thing that brought it from 5 stars down to 4.  No lunch specials, either.
5	We come here often and love it! Join the Passport rewards and easily collect free food! Beers are great and amazing food! Typically we can get a table in 20 minutes at this location. Our favorites:Southwest egg rollsKobe burgerPretzel burgerNot my fav:Ahi tuna...
3	They have lost the touch. Food quality has decliner over the years. Customer service is not very enthusiastic either. They need to bring more energetic people and make food from scratch not just the frozen kind from Sysco
1	So many great restaurants within walking distance and for some reason we decide on this one.Husband got the avocado chicken sandwich with garlic fries & the seasonal craft brew. He said sandwich was the average, chicken sandwich. Nothing special or unique I got the bbq bourbon chicken & shrimp entree. Literally a chicken breast broiled then tossed in a Sweet bbq sauce. White rice & zucchini steamed. Barely was able to force that chicken down, so disgusting. The shrimp was over cooked, over seasoned  & impossible to remove off the skewer.At least the beer & wine were cold.. $50 down the drain. My husband and I don't go out much & when we do, we want to enjoy it.We both left still hungry and disappointed Believe the ratings when they say it is overpriced and the food is terrible.
3	The food is delicious and the atmosphere is ambient. One big complaint from my dad (who's not in yelp) is that the beer mugs are not chilled. He had two beers and both were warm. He put ice from his water in both beers. For a "beer" place, the temperature of the beer should be a major focus. We are disappointed Gordon biersch!
2	Some of the portions are ridiculously small and they are somewhat overpriced. I was not impressed and I have been there twice.
5	This was our first visit here. As usual, I stuck to the burgers and ordered the Marzen bbq burger to split with my husband. We also split an individual California beach taco. (My first time having a fish taco) I was shocked by the size of the taco. Very small!! Although it was small, it was pretty yummy. The burger was DELICIOUS! I'm a burger freak and this was by far one of the best burgers I've had in a while. The garlic fries it came with were equally as delicious!! Our waitress Katie was very nice and entertaining! She went out of our way to make us happy, and that isn't something you find lately in service. Over all an awesome experience and we will defiantly be back!
2	We have been going to Gordon's for along time and since they continue to change their menus it is extremely frustrating. Our waitress even today expressed how it stinks to work there and try to manage through the menu. The small plates are way over priced for the quality of the food you get. Dry chicken with some lettuce thrown on top and potato chips with some sauce and flecks of cheese - no thanks. We won't be coming back anytime soon.
5	I have always gotten good food here! I got the shrimp and Lobster tacos, they are awesome!!  They made the tacos gluten free for my daughter and she loved them too. My daughter usually gets a salad and she claims that they have the best salad she's ever eaten. And the beers are good too!!
