5	Love the girls at Wicked Pixie Salon... Janette is so creative and really listens to what you want and makes awesome recommendations. The salon is super cute and well stocked with everything you need to make you the most beautiful when you walk out the door. They are always available when you need them. Love this place!!
5	I have been searching for a good stylist for over a year now. Everywhere I've been I get a good cut once, if at all, but haven't found someone with consistency, UNTIL NOW!! Janette at the Wicked Pixie is simply AMAZING!! I just finished with my second hair cut at her Salon this morning and it is just as great as my first cut 5 weeks ago! Janette in VERY attentive and listens to what YOU want. She's easy to talk to and a pleasure to be around! She takes great pride in her work and it shows!!! If your looking for a great stylist, you should give her a try, you WON'T be disappointed!! I booked my third appointment with her and will recommend her to everyone!! THANK YOU Janette!!!
5	I had my first appointment with Janette last night at Wicked Pixie! I called and left a message, and Janette called me back quickly to schedule my appointment. She is very flexible and scheduled me for the next afternoon. As a breastfeeding mother to a newborn, it's pretty difficult to find a salon and stylist that will accommodate me. She made me feel very comfortable and welcomed!  I've been a highlighted blonde for a long time, and she got the color spot on! She spent over 3 hours perfecting my color and cut. I felt like she really took her time, unlike some of the other stylist I've visited in the valley. My experiences here in the valley have never led me to set up my next appointment, but with Janette I've already scheduled my next appointment. Her prices are extremely affordable. The color, cut, and service was better than the expensive salons in the valley.You will not be disappointed when you schedule with Janette!
5	Had such a great experience at Wicked Pixie Salon & Hair Studio today.  Janette and Megan are so accommodating, professional and offer more than your usual salon.  Hello Janette!?!?  Felt very comfortable letting her make the final decision about my color and am so happy with it.
5	Megan at Wicked Pixie was fabulous. She listened carefully and added her advice/expertise where needed. She's got an upbeat personality and seemed really focused on me and the job at hand. I left there with hair that looked 100% healthier (full of shine and movement) than when I walked in. She was very conscientious about setting the appointment, getting started on time, getting me out of there on schedule and choosing the best color for my tired hair. Best yet, the price was right and she advised me on hair care products, but didn't push too hard. I wasn't dead broke when I left! Worth the drive. Thank you. Megan.
5	Janette was AWESOME! I went online to book an appt. and saw she was 2+ weeks out, but my roots were showing badly and I have a job interview this week. Janette quickly texted me and offered to come in early at 7am on a Monday (the only time I could come in was Monday morning) for me! Keep in mind I have never been to her before.She was really knowledgeable about hair and even offered up some learning things for me to help my hair hold the color and proper hair care techniques. My hair came out looking so beautiful and healthy! She did a fantastic job. I booked my second appt. while my color was processing.
5	I'm completely hesitant to go to hair salons- I've had so many bad experiences in the past and it seems a waste to spend so much time and energy on something if you really don't love it. I looked at the reviews for Janette and was impressed, not only that but I found a groupon so I thought I would give her a try and see how I liked it. I also picked her because her hours are super flexible which is what I need working M-F 7am-6pm. Making appointments was super easy-I called but she didn't answer but the answering machine said to shoot her a text. She replied a couple hours later, so it was nice we didn't have to play phone tag. I was a little early on the appointment day because traffic from work wasn't as bad as I thought it would be, but she was ready and we were able to get started early. She listened to what I want, gave advice and started. She was easy and fun to talk to- another issue I frequently encounter at hair salons is feeling forced conversation, but I didn't feel that here. Janette was very helpful and I got what I wanted which was natural looking blonde highlights. Very pleased and comfortable with her, so rebooked a touch up before I left. She was wonderful!
5	Love Megan! She listens to what I want but will totally step in if I'm asking for something that won't look good. She's so awesome and hilarious and totally makes the time fly by when I'm there. Not to mention she is the best at coloring hair. I drive 40 minutes for her to do my hair and I refuse to find a different stylist closer. I've come to her twice now and am so excited to have finally found a hair stylist I like
5	I got my hair done by Megan very recently & I have received soooo many compliments, not to mention I love it as well!! She listened to exactly what I wanted & was open to looking at pictures with me. She takes her time and makes you feel wonderful when you leave. She is a beautician not a magician but does work magic! :D
5	Janette was wonderful, she did exactly what I asked for and it came out perfect. Nice salon and very pleasant conversation. Only drawback is she is a Bronco's fan but that's ok . ; )
5	Janette is SUPER sweet! I was nervous to go to a salon and have a stranger cut my hair. I showed her a picture of how I wanted my hair cut and she did exactly that. She definitely makes you feel comfortable the minute you  walk in. She is worth the wait too. Janette gets booked up pretty fast but I highly suggest her for anyone that is looking for an awesome hairdresser. She also worked so well with my busy schedule and made sure I could get in for a haircut. I am also going to try her dry shampoo recommendations! I can't wait to go back :)
