3	I have been a member here for awhile now... Though, I have only visited a few times. The restaurant and meeting space is located at the top of the Chase building on Monroe and Central. The incredible view of the valley is the best part of the place... worth going once just for that. I suggest they consider modernizing the space as it feels very 80's. They do have happy hour specials that coincide with the art walk. The food was decent but not worth returning for.
4	This is nice place to hold a private event. The decor is not old, but very understated. The best part of the Arizona Club is the breathtaking view of the valley. The Arizona Club is on the 37th floor of the Chase building, the tallest building in Phoenix. Careful... the bartenders pour strong drinks.
4	Wow was my first uttered breath as i reached the summit of a 37 floor elevator climb. now this isn't the tallest building i have been in..but it is the tallest here. i stepped out of the elevator and walked over to one of the windows that looks out over the city..holy shit..i can see my house from here. well i could. :) how did i get here? well.... i was with a group of friends at the Heritage Square tip off party for the All Star game in phoenix. we just closed down the bars at the square and were walking past the chase building on our way back to cars and train stations...respectivly. as we walked past a group of nicely dressed individuals...one called out the name of a person in our group..turns out this individual was some muckity muck at city hall...we got handed some "passes"..we looked at each other..."fuck it" was quoted and we headed over to check in. next step...ontop of the world. the accommodations are nice...the room was cleared of tables and it was basically a dance floor and some stand up tables. cash only bar..with HEAVY drinks..i ordered a Manhatten...the bar tender said.."i'm out of vermouth"...i said "umm ok" he said "i can make it with just bourbon and cherry juice" i said "umm ok"..so he poured a splash of cherry juice into a 12ounce glass put in a few ice cubes..and filled the glass with bourbon...wtf. let me say..it was good..for being straight bourbon with a splash of cherry juice. eleven bucks plus a heavy fade from free drinking at Heritage Square... i was good. i got some pretty cool pictures of the city at night..i'll post them when i find time. if you get a chance to come here..i suggest you do it. it's really something else.
4	After a long search for an acceptable wedding reception venue, we checked out the Arizona Club.  Yes, we had to buy a membership that we never used again just so we could use this place, but I LOVED it!  The view is breathtaking and we can see our house from it.  The sunset view is spectacular.  I was especially pleased with the customer service we were given while planning everything.  Spencer was the guy who helped us, and he was fantastic.  He reminded me of Dwight Schrute, just not as smart-ass.  All the staff was super helpful the day of the event, and the food was wonderful.  We actually found it to be one of the better values out of all our searching.  I would definitely love to go to another event here, one that's not my own.
4	Very friendly staff, loved the extra perks they give you. Great food!
4	Had a wonderful lunch here the other day. Great club sandwich, great lobster bisque, great lemonade...  Service was great as well. It also has a very cool, relaxed vibe up there.The highlight is DEFINITELY the view though. Up on the 37th floor, the view is absolutely amazing. You can see the city extend in all directions with the various mountains poking up from the horizon.I could sit up here all day and just look out the window. Great spot!
