3	To start I think it's only fair for me to say that for my fresh-mex fix, I tend to prefer Zabas.   Only if convenience plays a role in my choice will I go to Chipotle.  SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL BUSINESSES PEOPLE!With all that being said, this Chipotle recently opened within walking distance from my work.  Naturally I offered to pay a co-worker to go pick some up because heaven forbid I get some exercise.   I was happy to see this location offers online ordering so that I didnt have to even use my vocal chords in order to get food to my mouth.  2012!   I ordered a Burrito Bowl with Barbacoa, opted for Brown Rice (which I dont believe is available at all chipotle locations, so bonus), black beans, both medium salsas, and guacamole.  The online system said it'd be ready in about 30 minutes.   40 minutes later I was presented my food and on my first bite I noticed it wasn't very hot and the guacamole had lost some of his texture due from being with the rest of the food for what seemed like a while .   This is one of my pet peeves with online ordering in that I THINK some use a default timing system of when the food will be ready, but the employees might just start making it immediately.   So if they tell you 30 minutes, your food often sits out getting cold for 10-15.   Temperature issues aside, the food tasted about what I expect from Chipotle.  The baracoa was spiced nicely and the salsas and rice tasted fresh.  I also ordered a bottled water and was displeased to see a bottle of Arrowhead when it was delivered.  As you all probably know, Arrowhead is disgusting.  Next time I will order a Nantucket Nectar instead, or have them just pour their pinto bean juice in a jar as that'd be more refreshing than Arrowhead.So on one visit, nothing to really set it apart from any other Chipotle experience I've ever had, and I'm sure I'll be going there often if I'm ever in a time crunch for lunch.Now if only we could get a Zabas near here...
5	I may have found my new favorite Chipotles! The other two locations I went to it was a pain in the ass to just get up to the door because they had so many inclines to get up and being in a wheelchair makes it hard to enjoy a nice burrito. Then this place on charleston saved my life! No inclines and a very spacious interior made my burrito munching a pleasure!When I went up to the line to order my delicious burrito the display was low enough for me to see the ingredients. When asked if it was my first time here . I said yes and they comped my beverage!! How nice! Very friendly staff ! I will be a frequent customer to this location. Awesome!
3	Location makes this place the best choice for anyone that forgets to bring food to school (CSN). Was not really the best I have had at Chipotle, it fact, it may have been the worse, but I did waste time waiting to be NOT served at McDonald's next door (SEE review) after leaving with my fat burrito and then I had to walk all the way to Building Kilo so I can fire up my Smartpop in the microwave (just discovered that there is a micro-onda [actually two] in Bravo building as well). So yeah, it was a smudge cold. And the food as they were placing it onto the tortilla did not look as fresh as Doug E. Fresh (in the 80s) either. I went in the early evening, and there was only two other customers in the restaurant, so maybe a visit during the busy lunch hour would be a better barometer on the best they can do. Overall, the carnitas burrito with brown rice/pinto/pico/lechuga was alright. I consumed every morsel. - E
1	It pains me to give this establishment 1 star, but I would give this specific place 0 if I could.I dont know if I went in on a day where the girl making burritos (I have no idea her name bc she had no name tag) was having a horrible day, or if she was just trying to hurry and leave. I went in at 920 after Beatles Love and ordered my normal chicken burrito. There was 1 scoop of brown rice and 3 people, she asked what type of rice and I replied white, she then turned and rolled her eyes sooo hard I thought they were gonna get stuck. I advised her I'm fine with brown and she carried on, the chicken was wayy too charred and she put like a freakin cup full of hot salsa on my chicken. I then asked for cheese, sour cream, and gauc. She had about a sprinkles worth of cheese left, no sour cream and 1 spoon full of gauc, again there was 3 patrons waiting. She then replies, we have no sour cream, its 930 already... OK YOU CLOSE AT 10 AND I SHOW HER IT WAS ONLY 920 AND YOU HAVE NO SOUR CREAM!? She then gives me 1/4 of a scoop of gauc and proceeds to roll my burrito. I was pretty annoyed bc why am I gonna pay for something that doesnt include everything I want. She then asks the patrons behind me if they were alright not having sour cream, they also have the look of disappointment like myself,  At this point the cashier chimes in and says "I can make some real quick"OK, its at this point my pina colada has kicked in 100% and I say "are you serious? I asked for some and you did not offer me any, yet you offer these folks some?" She rolls her eyes and pays me no mind. Throughout this visit I have been patient and just went with the flow, but no way in hell are you gonna piss on me. I tell the cashier that the ladies attitude needs to be brought up to the manager and she turns and says "I did not give you an attitude (with an attitude btw)" and Im shocked! She says this in front of other patrons and workers! I told the cashier my comment quietly, but she went and put me on blast!I dont know if this woman didnt like me bc Im brown or whatever but she was a total B word! I paid for my shitty burrito, which I wanted to turn around and throw at her face and walked out the door. Im legit disgusted with the workers there! Also, if you ever e-mail corporate over any discrepancies good luck, all they send you is an "I'm sorry to hear about your experience" letter. Pathetic!
5	I wanted to give this location the review it deserves.  After reading the other reviews it needs it!! I have not been to a Chipotle in probably 10 years.  I have avoided it since they first opened after a bad experience.I was looking for something to eat while at CSN.  I was a little leery to eat here after reading the reviews for this location, but I was hungry and I love mexican grill type places (Rubio's and Cafe Rio are my favies).  I was welcomed to a loud greeting and the girl was very happy to help me pick as I had not been here in to long!  I went with a pork barbacoa burrito with pinto beans, rice and mild salsa.  Gosh these things are huge, but yumyumyum!!  I also got chips and guacamole.  The guac rocks!!  Well, I finished almost all of my food and walked my happy yet distended belly back to school.In another review a comment was made about the temperature of the food and I would have to agree that it could be quite a bit warmer-but the taste was still delish! I think this location is great.  All the staff were friendly to the customers as well as each other.  I will be back again, my Chipotle strike is over!!
4	I went here with my grandma - taking her to Chipotle for her first time - it is about my 50th time - I've been to Chipotle's all over the Chicagoland area for years.  I had the carnitas burrito bowl and she had a chicken burrito bowl.  The people did a great job - added a good amount of food to the bowls (especially the meat).  She liked that they had brown rice and agreed that she would get no lettuce next time (I don't like lettuce on mine - I just think it takes away from the bowl).  The carnitas were a little salty but they were good and mixed in with the other ingredients you couldn't really tell.  I love the carnitas with black beans, white rice, hot sauce (it's really not that hot but has good flavor), cheese, sour cream, and guacamole (it's extra but worth it).
5	I cannot say enough good things about Chipotle.  My only complaint is we don't have one here in Hawaii.  Their burritos are divine.  Flour tortilla, filled with your choice of cilantro-lime rice (they now have brown rice too), pinto or vegetarian black beans, choice of meat (braised carnitas or barbacoa, adobo-marinated and grilled chicken or steak)  guacamole, salsa and cheese and sour cream. You can choose pico, hot or mild sauce. They now have the option of a shell-less burrito in a bowl.The food here is fresh, fast and tasty.
5	Bravo, Chipotle! You gained a fan in me when you took the initiative to step forward and label the GMOs on your nenu, as well as striving to veer away from further use of GMOs in your restaurants. Thankfully, you have begun paving the way for others to come clean. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
4	Great as usual! The only reason I can't give this location 5 stars is that they sometimes slack in keeping things stocked (like guacamole).  Otherwise perfect!
4	Been to a few locations in town & this has a college-esque atmosphere since it's by CSN Charleston Campus. The chairs are not the most comfy so go on the bar stools. Lol. Good lighting by the bars too if you're an Instagram Foodie who likes to take pictures. Haha! Anyway, it is ridiculously clean & very friendly workers too. Place is spacious but I can imagine it could probably get packed during rush hour too.I love the Barabacoa Bowl: White Rice, Pinto Beans, Medium Salsa, Corn, Cheese, Sour Cream & Lettuce. The chips are yum too, I usually add that on for a buck & some cents.I'm torn between Chipotle & Zabas, honestly. I love them both. :)
2	The food itself is no different from the other places but health was my concern. I came one night and the woman taking orders kept kicking at something on the floor. After a couple of minutes she pulled out a printed slip of paper, presumably containing an order. It was dirty, wet and had shoe prints on it. She placed it directly on the counter where the food goes, and that nasty ticket slid down the counter as the orders were made. I called the store to express my concern with the manager. The woman who answered changed her name when I asked to speak to the manager, and said SHE was the manager (same person- didn't even put me on hold) and when I described what happened, she didn't seem concerned. When I told her it was a hygiene issue,  she asked if I was calling for "free food for the inconvenience".  Needless to say, I won't be going back to this particular store.  To be fair, this is the first time I've seen poor food safety procedures at a Chipotle. Hopefully this is isolated to that location.
4	This Chipotle, conveniently located at Charleston Festival, has over time made a fan out of me. Charleston Festival is a dinky strip mall located across the street from CSN Las Vegas anchored by a WalMart neighbourhood market store. Chipotle is a soulless chain of faux-Mexican, originally invested in by McDonald's, conceived by some guy from Colorado. All this shit is off the top of my head, so if it is incorrect, don't blame me. Blame yourself for not already knowing the correct story. I come in -- sometimes, I just skip passed the dumbasses studying the menu board -- and, a few minutes later, I am out with bag in hand on my way to jaywalking back to CSN. They hold promotions at the start of most semesters (buy one get one free) and for Hallow's Eve during fall (1$ or 2$ burrito when one wears a costume)(Medical/dental students: quit trying to fuck it up for everyone by arguing your dumbass uniform is a costume. Corny ass clowns).This location has a lot of turnover (is it called that?) with its assembly line crew.  Perhaps -- similar to CSN students -- they graduate to bigger pastures. Or, even, more likely, drop out.In any case, it is as dependable as CSN, and similarly makes one wonder why is it that the charges end up being so damn high. (Because, the rent is always ... too ... damn ... high!) - E
3	Just like every other location: walk in, select your protein and your dish, and watch the crew make it to your specifications. Relatively cheap option in the area for lunch, and can be as healthy or unhealthy as you make it. I'm not particularly clear on the difference between the salads and the bowls, given that neither has too much lettuce, but either one is way healthier than their burritos- though to be fair, I've never tried their tacos.Staff here mostly seems to be college students themselves, as are most of their customers- not a bad thing, just an observation. Bummed that this location doesn't have margaritas the way some others do, but that probably again goes back to their primary customer base being at a college.Got a salad today for my dinner: brown rice, black beans, chicken and fajita veggies, with pico and corn salsas. Hefty portion for a not-so-hefty price: total was under $7, not bad at all.Only criticism is that the chicken was on the dry side, though I did show up shortly before closing time on a Sunday, which I reckon is a slow day for this location.
1	Absolutely appalling customer service. Employees are so rude. The girl working the register, Diane, was so unprofessional and rude in letting me know my catering order was going to be 20 minutes late, and could have cared less. Never order a catering order from here. Worst customer service ever!
1	Workers snotty, self-important and demeaning.  It's as if they're not actually slinging pinto beans at obscenely marked-up prices from behind a glass wall.The 'rules' aren't clearly explained, and one ends up getting pushed through the line by little clots of 1% women in yoga pants.  Bleh.  No thanks
1	I won't come here again. To me, Chipotle has become my own Fredo. "I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!"How dare you use SYSCO! How dare you! I know you are using SYSCO. I know it, Chipotle! Don't lie to me.  You said that you were better than others. You said you wouldn't do this. "Chipotle's mission statement is called 'Food with Integrity' which states they source organic and local produce whenever possible [...]"Bullshit! Is the meat also SYSCO-meat? Is it Frankenmeat! You lied. Liar! You have no integrity. No ethics. No shame. One star.
