3	I have shopped many locations of Sally Beauty around Phoenix and actually worked for them at one time long ago. I think that this location recently opened so it was very clean and played out very nicely. I pick out my own hair color with developer and all and I already know what I need and know the steps to do so for the most part. I was asked if I needed help about ten minutes into being there. Being the picky person that I am I had to look over all of the choices several times to make a final decision and if I would have had any questions (which I did not) this might have been quite a long time before someone came over.The thing that really irked me on this visit was that one of the associates (and most likely a member of management) was talking about an employee dispute on the sales floor. I heard the entire conversation because they were talking about it in a very small store in very close proximity to the customers. They were talking about an employee who had stolen money and they were taking her to a hearing. I work in retail management myself and this is just absolutely not appropriate conversation to be having on the sales floor. When I was at the cash register buying my goods the manager who was having this conversation was leaving for the day. She made it a point to interrupt the cashier who was ringing me up and ask her if she was making the right decision. As she was leaving out the door with me still standing in line she said, I don't want to be mean but this is how it has to be. Just completely inappropriate. If I was the moderator at this hearing and I knew she was discussing the situation on the sales floor I would question her credibility in the first place.So overall Sally Beauty Supply has a great selection of hair color and developers, many brushes and hair accessories. Nail care up the wazoo and a great line of shampoos and conditioners at good prices. I will shop here again but a note to the staff would be to no longer discuss personal matters on the floor. It comes off as unprofessional and is disrespectful to the associate whom you are talking about.
1	What a terrible place, my girlfriend went in for nail polish and they were out of it on the shelf. Politely asked the employee if they had any and she said yes but it was back in the back in a box and in a baggie. Asked if she could get it and she refused, apparently this poofy haired glasses wearing lazy no waste of space has no customer service skills and is too incompetent for her job. I hope management reads this and fires that girl. You don't deserve to have a job. I cannot believe that this person is allowed in public at all with that kind of attitude
1	I agree with the other two reviews! Costumer service is greatly lacking at this Sallys. The employee was on a personal call for at least 10 min after I walked in, never asked of I need help and then when I asked she acted like huge inconvenience in.
4	This was my first visit to this location and the salesperson was incredibly nice and helped me find exactly what I was looking for.  The store is very clean and I was in and out in less than 5 minutes which is great because I had just been to the grocery store and had stuff in the car that I didn't want to melt.   I will be back! :)
