1	You know it's bad when you get in your car practically in tears because of how bad the haircut is. Having curly hair, I've had my fair share of terrible haircuts. The one I had at this salon was among the worst. I explained to the owner of the salon how I wanted my layering, but apparently because I didn't tell him exactly how to cut my hair - since after all, I figured he's the one who should know how to cut hair, including curly hair - it's my fault that I received such a terrible haircut. Sorry, I guess I was too busy watching in horror as he blunt cut horizontal layers into my hair (exactly the opposite of what you're supposed to do with curly hair). The owner clearly has no idea how to cut curly hair. And he's overpriced to boot. The other stylists may give better cuts, but the owner's attitude ("It's not my fault") suggests this salon deserves no one's business.
5	We have been going here for the past six years since we moved to the area (can walk to).  There is no one better at haircuts or color and the owner is fabulous.  I've been having my hair highlighted for 20 years and this is the only place that really gets it right.  I've been to high end salons all through the city and this one is top notch all around...would go here over any place.
5	My husband and I have been coming here for the past six years and cannot say enough about the salon.  Prior to finding Geno Como, I could never get the correct looking highlights/lowlights until I found Lisa here (I'm 44!).  My hair has never looked so beautiful and I am so glad that we found such a great place.  Everyone is so friendly and I love coming here as the salon has a light and airy look to it which is very relaxing, yet the prices are very reasonable.  I have recommended more people to this salon and they are also very happy.  You cannot go wrong with Geno Como!!!
1	Short of getting on my hands and knees and begging the stylist to cut ONE HALF of an INCH, I don't know what else I could have done.. Before every haircut I explain that I am very particular about the length of my hair -- I want to keep it long, it grows very slowly, that it is IMPERATIVE to only cut a TINY AMOUNT off, etc, etc. I made this extremely clear to the stylist. She promised that she "wouldn't do anything crazy.."Let's just say I am using this as a cathartic outlet for my experience because I went in for a trim but left with FOUR INCHES missing from my hair. I'm still recovering aesthetically and emotionally from this trauma! It just doesn't make sense to me why a stylist would do exactly the opposite of what was requested. I think maybe she is used to cutting children's hair and not listening to them. But either way, what should have been a really quick/easy trim, turned into one of the most extreme haircuts of my life. It all could have been so easily avoided. It doesn't feel fair. Proceed with caution..
