3	Okay, I love Oregenos and wrote glowingly about Ray's and NYPD a few days ago, but this is not them. It is something I crave every so often, so I really need to learn to fight these urges.  Ugh!
2	I ordered a large pepperoni pan pizza togo. I normally like pizza hut but for some  reason the pizza seemed way to greasy and didn't taste that great. In fact I got naseous after eating 2 slices.
4	In the past, there were spans when I would order pizza WAY too often. Lately, I've been eating a lot healthier...though, I'm not made of stone.Of the delivery pizza places, I like Pizza Hut the most. Their on-line ordering feature is extremely intuitive, allowing you to visually customize your exact order.This particular location just so happens to be the one assigned to deliver to my location. In the short time I've lived here, I've always had pleasant experiences with the delivery people. They always seem to be happy, and are decently engaged. Also, they always seem to arrive early or on-time...which is kind of important.All in all, the Via Linda Pizza Hut is a reliable choice for a decent pizza in my opinion.If you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a Thin Crust Chicken + Jalapeno...but be warned...I think Pizza Hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun. Not ALL of them...but there are a few that make you sniffle something fierce.
2	Nice people but crappy pizza. Barely enough cheese on pizza. We left like eating dough only. Not going back.
1	Unfortunately this Pizza Hut was our favorite... And I stress "was"!  My kids loved the pan and thin cheese... Always perfect under the past manager.  But the last few months since that managers transfer it's just been horrible!  First if all the employees just don't seem to care if the customer is happy and they don't want to hear requests like "light sauce" or "please don't over cook".  My kids have Sensory issues and cannot handle hard burnt crusts or 4x the sauce.Since I'm a working mom to two sets of twins my husband is sometimes in charge of dinner time.  Normally this means it's a Pizza Hut dinner for the kids.  So He tried again last Saturday night 9/27/14 and ordered our two favorite cheese pizzas... They were both over cooked and the thin crust cheese pizza looked like it was made the week prior; cheese all dried up &/or burnt.  So he kindly asked then to remake only the thin crust; even though both should have been redone.  Well the staff got our whole family back and our remade thin crust pizza wasn't hardly cooked; it looked almost all white. My husband felt bad to complain a 2nd time so he brought it home.  Needless to say I still had to make a late dinner for the kids since they were starving after NOT eating the pizza my husband brought home; I wish he would have done the same.He had a few slices of the uncooked pizza and spent the night passed out in the bathroom... Yep; Food poisoning!!!So watch what you ask for; they know how to get the picky customers back.  I would have preferred  they'd spit on our pizza; at least that would have not made my husband so ill!!!
