4	Stayed 1 night for business purposes.  Checked in, worked in the hotel room in the evening, slept, and checked out the next day.  Good hotel for a business (not sure why else anyone would be in the Pineville area). Good desk set up in the room with an ergonomic chair and free high-speed.  Comfortable bed with 2 different types of pillow - one is fluffy down and the other is a microfiber polyester pillow mimic down.  The mattress is part of the Garden Sleep System which allows each guest to adjust the firmness on their side of the bed.    Wish I read the room guide earlier in the evening - apparently there's a Stay Fit Kit that we could bring to our room for a bit of working out in the room.    It has a pool and a workout room so I could definitely see myself staying here longer (for business purposes) as there would be no excuse to not keep up with current fitness routineCompany paid for the room so I'm not sure what the rate was.  There is not a lot going on in the area. Definitely lots of restaurants and fast food within driving distances, such as Tony Roma, Chili, IHOP.  Given that I was alone, I was hoping to find a grocery store (like Whole Foods or Safeway) for their hot bar but I found a bi-lo which was not what I was expecting.  The only thing holding this place back from a 5 star is that the common area looks like it is starting to age (emphasis on the starting to look age as everything is still clean, tidy, and organized).  However, if the average price is $124, than for that rate, it could definitely be a 5 star.I would stay here again.
3	Stayed here for 2 nights in the whirlpool suite. We paid in advanced so we received an additional $20 a night savings. Location is surrounded by several stores and restaurants. Hotel is very clean & plenty of things to do here to make your stay enjoyable. At $99 a night for a whirlpool suite, which isn't a bad price for a Hilton.  On the downside, there are signs of aging to the hotel. For example wall paper pealing & even though room was spotless, the room did lack maintenance. Curtain was coming loose from the curtain rod, ethernet port was pushed into the wall so it was inaccessable, and iron in room was partially broken. We also tried to utilize room service by calling them from 9:10pm - 9:45pm and the phone stayed busy making it obvious it was off the hook since room service stops serving @ 10pm.
4	I'm definitely a fan of the Hilton Garden Inn.  This is my 2nd time staying at Hilton Garden Inn (not this specific one).  Both experiences were great.  The room here was clean, and the staff was friendly.  The one downside - the hotel did not seem to control the temperature very well.  The lobby was cool and comfortable at first, but if you stayed there you quickly started to freeze.  If you went up to your room, the hallways leading to the rooms were like a sauna.  Otherwise, I had no issues with this hotel, and would stay there again if I was visiting Charlotte.
