5	Be seen in 30 minutes or less guaranteed?? I would have never believed it but Yes its true, I was in and out within 25 minutes with a thorough evaluation backed by a doctors 100% assurance.I'm so thankful that Lindsay L. recommended this place.Dr. Trang was wonderful, the staff and office was much better than any urgent care facility Ive been to, it just had a totally different feel to it.I felt better immediately just knowing that an actual certified M.D specializing in internal medicine had taken the time to treat and diagnose me properly, and  all in 30 minutes.
5	My name is Lindsay, and I am allergic to mangoes. OK, I've said it.Step 1:I admit that I am powerless over mangoes and that my life has become unmanageable.My addiction/ allergy to mangoes ended me in the Chandler Valley Urgent Care with a very swollen and itchy face. I have never before had a good experience in an urgent care. I never before had the feeling that the doctor knew what he was doing- at all.The staff at Chandler Valley took care of me- in the 30 minutes they promised. I filled out the usual paperwork and was seen by the doctor almost immediately. He discussed my condition with me, diagnosed me, and sent me off with two prescriptions- and advice to keep away from the evil mangoes.I am impressed to say the least.Hopefully I won't have to use their services again, but should I fall victim to the delicious call of a box full of Costco mangoes, I'll most definitely be returning to Chandler Valley Urgent Care.
5	Two visits here and no complaints. They really are fast and very knowledgeable. Normally I wouldn't advocate health care that takes less time than pizza delivery, but on my last visit, the physician figured out a problem I had seen my primary care physician for two times without any headway- and sent me to the ER where they said my gall bladder needed to be out post haste. He also recommended not driving myself since the pain tends to ramp up quickly and he was right on that count as well.Quick, professional, and thorough!
1	Was seen for an infection which landed me in the ER  the day *after* I was seen here.  Dr. Tang's treatment was quite painful (no topical numbing agents were used before a direct injection into a wound). I did not find the doctor personable or responsive to my needs as a patient. A culture was taken at the facility, but no results were reported even though I called to check for results and left my contact information.
5	Two years ago my husband was immunized to Hep B. Dr Trang referred him to specialist to be seen the next day. The treatment was two years long and thanks goodness, his recent blood test result is undetectable. Thanks to Dr. Trang.
5	Fast quality service! I'll be back, but hopefully not too soon! :)
2	Went here because of the 30 min see the doc guarantee, and the fact that I don't have a pcp down here yet. Saw the doc in about five minutes, considering he was just reading a book in the corner where everyone could see him.  He seem every rushed and like he wasn't listening to a thing I was saying. He Left the room and I'm pretty sure he forgot about me. I sat in the room for 40 mins, and didn't seem him again till I left the exam room to go looking, and he was just sitting as his computer. No other patient in the place. The extra star is for the front desk and nurse, very friendly.
4	Clean, thorough, and timely! They even have X-rays available onsite. My daughter received great care.
1	PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE. The doctor and the receptionist were great. The billing department is a complete rip off. Prepare to get charged for things that weren't preformed and for things they will tell you your insurance will cover. You will then have an ignorant lady calling you, treating you like a child while you explain over and over that these charges aren't correct because I wasn't even there for a knee examination. WTF I was there for a biometric screening. "But the code is for a knee examination, so that is what you need to pay for," she tells me over and over. And then I get a bill for the biometric screening which they assured me was covered by insurance, and I'm not talking about a copay. PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE.
5	Chandler Valley Urgent Care is one of the best urgent care facilities you can go to. The wait time is always less than 15-30 minutes and they conveniently have an on site pharmacy which takes 5 - minutes to fill, this alleviates the wait time that ALL pharmacies have (especially if your not feeling good). I have been seeing Dr. Trang for 10 years and have always had a pleasant visit! The staff is great, and informative although Dr. Trang is the main reason I go here. Trang is very open minded, takes time to listen to you, suggests multiple options (rather than other places that are just there to get you in and out for your money and doesn't give the patient care that would actually help), he is also very knowledgeable and has never let me down, and if you go here he will treat you just as he treats me, he is very equal and MORE than willing to help. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND CHANDLER VALLEY URGENT CARE TO BE YOUR NUMBER ONE CHOICE FOR YOUR URGENT CARE NEEDS. #StayHealthy
5	I visited the clinic on 7-29-14 and Dr. Trang and his staff were exceptional.  I was only there for 1/2 hour.  He throughly explained the type of ear infection I had and what I could do to prevent it in the future.  Another added bonus of this clinic is that they have on site pharmancy.I would highly recommend them.
4	I wish Dr. Trang was my primary! He is so thorough on a sick visit, I can only imagine how he'd be with a healthy patient. I'll say it without hesitation; Dr. Trang is an amazing doctor. Being in the medical profession myself, I don't say that about too many physicians unless it is well deserved. We saw him 3 times in one week when my son was really sick. He ran the appropriate diagnostic tests, took the time to follow up by phone...and most importantly...he knew when it was too much for him to manage and referred us to Phoenix Children's Hospital. The docs at PCH were so impressed by Dr. Trang's workup. And...he was spot on with his diagnosis. Great doc! Would highly recommend him if you need a doc who knows what the heck he's doing. The clinic has radiology, lab and a pharmacy all in one place, which is super convenient. And we've never had to wait longer than 30 minutes to be seen. Props to the office staff!The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because of the evening physicians. Dr. Stevenson and I forget the other male doctor's name...both were terrible! (Highly agree with prior reviews)By all means, if you can wait until  morning, do yourself a favor and see Dr. Trang instead.
