5	Ahhh...the lingering country club lunches at Phil's Grill. Those were the days. When I lived in the white, homogenized and frankly, boring, world called DCRanch, I often met up with my roomie at Phil's. Sort of the anti Zipp's sports bar. Of course there are the obligatory plasma tvs. The views of the course are great as you nestle into a comfie sofa . I felt like the old farts in the movie Trading Places. We'd sit in those big leather chairs by the fireplace and count our money. Once, I counted $27 in one pocket alone! The food here is fantastic, as it should be for a mogul like myself. Favorites include the Sonoran chicken pasta with fresh grilled corn, the prime rib slider (how old  money is that?!) and the Southwestern wrap. The menu does include high end steaks running up to $37 or so. I would have ordered that. But was unable to find another $10 in my other pockets.
3	This is a Happy Hour ReviewI like what Thomas has to say so I won't do a boring repeat but because of 2010 dollars and sh*&ty service, I can only give them three stars. There are just too many great options around Grayhawk, DC Ranch, Desert Ridge, etc that have happy hour specials.Yeah yeah yeah you get what you pay for here and yeah maybe this place isn't for Happy Hour, but at least throw a special on a Tuesday night, guys. Also, when the number of staff = number of patrons, don't wait for us to come to the bar for a refill - check the sofa area now and then. Now, the prime rib sliders and corn chowder are so goddam kick-ass good that I have to give them at least three stars. We liked that you can order as many or as few sliders as you like so that is cool. They are almost a meal.
5	My husband and I are regulars at Phil's so we are always treated with spectacular service (except for that one waitress...) We heart Rachel! She's an awesome server. When Nate is working in the bar he always takes great care of us, but all the bartenders pour lovely drinks and aren't shy about tipping the bottle. And they know what we drink. We both tend to stick to our favorites - for me it's the Sonoran Chicken and Pasta. It's quite delicious with a generous portion. And hubby loves pretty much any of the chicken wraps, with a side of the delicious corn chowder. They have some decent happy hour specials if the dollars are what's keeping you away. It's worth stopping in! Thanks to Nate and the crew, we continue to frequent Phil's. We kind of feel like everyone knows our name. And how can we not when our regular drinks are poured before we even sit down.
4	We enjoy dining at Phil's Grill at least once a week. The servers are very nice and try to please. The food is very good and you get a lot of it. Dine outside and you will be rewarded with a wonderful view and the smell of an open fire. Highly recommend Phil's for a great place to dine at a reasonable price.
1	Lunch on Monday, slow service horrible oily meatball soup. Tasteless salad, chipped glassesTwo thumbs down
4	Yes - we are fans.  Great views outside of the mountains and golf course.  Food is a bit spendy but - HEY! - its Scottsdale.  Very little rif-raf except on the rare occassion a drunk/loud golfer from out of town. Go there in the Winter from 5-6PM for a drink with close friends and sit out by the fire pit.  You may find us sitting next to you!
2	I give Phil's grill two stars for the mountain views.  I ordered a chicken salad and could not eat it because most of the chicken was raw.
5	The food today was superb.  The service on the other hand...was not. I suggest the Navajo corn chowder and the soft pretzel bread. The cheese was ooy-gooy goodness.Our server Amber was phenomenal. She came out with a very happy attitude and stayed positive throughout the entire meal. Amber gave us a pitcher of water so we wouldn't get thirsty.  Amber was the only server working at the time and there were 4 capable men unwilling to help us or get any orders right.  To top it off she filled our drinks as fast as we finished them.  ASK FOR AMBER AND YOU CAN'T GO WRONG.Three members of my family had the prime rib sandwich and said that it was the best prime rib sandwich they had ever had.  The burger was great, and the chicken tenders where "Yummy" .  The fruit was very fresh and perfectly plated.
2	I have loved Phil's Grill for years but the last few times have been so so. The service is very slow when you sit on the patio.  I also recommend staying away from the tacos.
5	This update is only because our favorite servers / bartenders have changed. Scotty is a top-notch server, as is the lovely Sam! "Salt n pepper Scott" rocks behind the bar, as does our beloved Scotty, for that matter - like Manhattans? Ask for Scotty! I do wish the menu would change a bit, but we come here so often, the lack of variety is kind of our own fault. Scotty DOES know!
5	Had dinner tonight at Phil's Grill at Grayhawk. Have eaten there before and it was hood but just forgot about how GOOD the food is, had the prime rib sandwich which was one of the best Ones I have ever had !! Wife had the chicken wrap which was also very tasty.. Prices are on par with similar eateries in the area, the prime rib melts in your mouth juicy. Beautiful patio at sunset & great service makes for a memorable occasion. Will be returning soon.
