5	I was in here this past Sunday for some issues I was having. Everyone from the front desk to the nurses and doctors were just fantastic! They really took their time with me. Explained what was going on. And were just really very friendly. If I ever have a need to go to a hospital again (hopefully not) I wouldn't hesitate to go here.
1	Run for the hills this is the worst hospital ,(as far as docotors )I've ever been to...the nurses were nice...
1	Only because zero is not available. Worst hospital in Phoenix!In most hospitals people go to the ER because it is a genuine emergency. Because this is a teaching hospital many go to the ER for primary care. My wife went in at 830am Thursday complaining of kidney/back issues. We waited about 45 min as others came and went through triage before us even though they came in after us.After asking the triage nurse what is going on they tell me that anyone that comes in complaining of chest issues automatically goes to the front of the triage line. Now it is fairly obvious that some of these chest issue patients are not having a heart attack. They are laughing and smiling and otherwise having a regular morning reading the paper. My wife is now in tears but we cannot get bumped to the front because it is kidney not chest.We left and went to John C Lincoln on 2nd St & Dunlap. They saw her, got her into the ER in 35 min and it was quick.If you value your life do not go to Phoenix Baptist. You might die waiting.
1	I went to Phoenix Baptist, the ER nearest my doctor, straight from his office at his urging. He suspected my gallbladder and called ahead to the hospital with this information. After a few hours of seemingly every expensive test they could run except a HIDA scan, and after a very rude interrogation in which I was treated as a drug-seeking addict, I was released with pain medication, antibiotics, and a suggestion to follow up with my doctor.Two days later I was rushed to a different hospital where the correct test was performed. It was in fact my gallbladder, something a HIDA scan would have found had Phoenix Baptist bothered to run it. I had emergency surgery and was in the hospital for nearly a week.I should also mention that they kicked out the lady in the ER bed next to me because she didn't have insurance, although she had dangerously high blood pressure. Since she came in not for her BP but for a sprained knee they told her she'd have to be treated by her primary care doc. She was crying and saying how terrible she felt and would they please help her, and they refused. They spoke to this elderly lady just abominably. I get that they're a business, but would a little compassion and bedside manner kill them?
4	The Nursing Staff rocks!
1	**DO NOT DELIVER YOUR BABY HERE**This review is for the L&D and Postpartum Departments. Do not be fooled by the beautiful delivery rooms like I was.During my intake L&D Nurse Danielle told me that upon delivery, my newborn would be taken straight from me and put in the NICU for monitoring. I was very surprised to hear this and when I tried to explain that my OB mentioned nothing of the sort, she copped an attitude and told me she wouldn"t discuss it any further. Naturally, I became extremely distraught and remained that way for my entire 36 hour labor. Delivering a baby is stressful enough and the nurses are supposed to help you not add to the stress. Out of the 5 different nurses I had in L&D, there was only one nurse who wasn't horribly rude. Nurse Roberta. It was her first delivery working at a new hospital. Although I suspect her kindness had something to do with being new, I am thankful for it nonetheless. My beautiful baby was born PERFECT and (surprise!) ends up staying with us the entire time in the recovery room. I was excited to be transferred to the Postpartum Unit so I could relax with my new family and hopefully get some peace. Nope. The nurses were even worse. Even months later, I still get so upset just thinking about how rude everyone was. It was the happiest days of my life but there is a huge dark cloud hanging over those memories and that hurts my heart. My husband and I are both educated, successful adults and we were treated like crackheads that deserved to get their baby taken away. Nurse Lisa was the absolute worst. I literally cried the few times she was our nurse. I understand that this hospital isn't in the best neighborhood and I can't imagine some of the things that these nurses have seen BUT they can't treat everyone like criminals. My baby and I were drug tested 5 different times. Which is fine, of course, do what you have to do. BUT DO NOT, come waltzing into my room after the last one and exclaim "Guess what your test came back negative!!!" My husband looked at Nurse Lisa and told her that it wasn't a surprise. Before that incident, I was in the middle of asking her if she was going to check the baby"s Blilirubin saying "Are you guys going to...." Nurse Lisa cut me off saying, "What? Call CPS?" We were like what are you saying? Again, educated, succesful adults. No absolute reason to treat us like that. Maybe it was because of the type of insurance I had but even that is no excuse. My husband and I ended up running out of the small amount of generic baby wipes the hospital gave us. When we informed Nurse Lisa that we were out of wipes she instructed us to clean up our baby's meconium up with PAPER TOWELS. If you or someone you know if thinking about delivering here, please think twice! Don't let this hospital ruin what is supposed to be the most sacred and amazing time of your lives. If for some strange reason you must have your baby here request a different nurse instead of Nurse Danielle and/or Nurse Lisa.Edited to add: As a result of my experience at Phoenix Baptist, I developed PTSD and had extreme anxiety attacks from the moment I found out I was pregnant with my second, to the moment I left the hospital with a baby in my arms.
1	They are always rude, and the doctors are not considerate to take an outside opinion. Also, I have brought my girlfriend here twice in a row (seeing as its closest to home), we knew what was wrong with her, but the doctor sent her home both times on FALSE ACCUSATIONS. Here I am once again at 6am on a work weekday. Never again will I return to that hospital. I'd rather drive 30min than the 6min it takes to get there.
1	The signs in the parking lot at Phoenix Baptist Hospital are EXTREMELY LACKING.  Not none of the signs state exactly where out patient services are.   The building that houses this department external signs lack easy quick viewing.  There are so many signs stating that the OB/GYN is in  the same building you do not key into the smaller lettered sign stating out patient services is in the same building.  If you go into this building from the north side entrance there is NO INTERNAL sign sating where the registration area is.  The first sign you see is OUT PATIENT SERVICES 2nd floor at the elevator.  The registration area is marked by a recessed sign not visible unless you walk further in to the lobby,  One would think a sign with an arrow would be set up in a central area.Now do not even attempt to correct a recovery room nurse about how long of a time frame you were told because they will snap at you rudely correcting you.  Gee one would think would not be lacking in customer services abilities.   I will try to never use Phoenix Baptist Hospital ever again.
1	Worst hospital ever! Keep driving! A pair of scissors fell off the counter and punctured the top of my foot. I was dropped off at the hospital and I was bleeding really bad, like bleeding through my wrap and my foot was covered in blood. I was hopping on one foot to get to the desk and they just watched me. There was no one else that they were helping so I felt like they should have got off their a** and brought me a wheelchair. I even asked for a wheelchair and they still didn't bring me one. They gave me paperwork to fill out and I had to hop back and forth to the desk to fill it out and then bring it back.  As I waited with the 2 other people in the emergency room I started losing feeling in my foot.  I once again hopped back up there and told them that I couldn't feel my foot and up through my shin. I asked them if I should be concerned by this and they just stared at me like I was interrupting their conversation about them hating their job.  I then started experiencing terrible pain which seems odd when the foot is numb but it happened. When they called my name I told them that I couldn't hop anymore across the lobby in my flip flops, plus the hopping made my hemorrhaging foot hurt worse.  The lady actually rolled her eyes and had uptight body language while she was trying to help me get in the chair. When they took my blood pressure I once again expressed the concern about my numb, yet in pain foot and she didn't even respond. I was finally wheeled back to the Dr and the Dr said she would give me something for the pain. They did give me a tetanus shot and to my surprise brought me my discharge papers. I refused to sign them until they cleaned the wound. I had to ask them to wash all of the blood off of my foot and I asked if they were going to bandage it up. The guy walked out not saying a word and came back in with a band aid, stuck it on and walked out.  He then returned with discharge papers again and a script for some pain pills. I asked him how I was going to fill that at 12am because I had a foot that I couldn't drive with. He told me "at a 24 hour pharmacy." Duh! My point being that my foot was numb but in terrible pain, still bloody and he expected me to hunt down a pharmacy? He finally brought me a pain pill to get me through the night and I never did have to fill that script he gave me because by morning I had lost all feeling. This happened in April, it is now October and I STILL have no feeling. When I read my home care instructions the paper totally said that its a concern if I experience any numbness with a puncture wound and to inform them.  Not to mention, I was sharing a room with a lady that had bronchitis and when she was taking her breathing treatment the tube kept popping off of the oxygen because they had it set too high.  She kept yelling for help because of this and she couldn't breathe but they ignored her... We were both pressing the nurse button and they just kept talking and laughing out in the hall. I even had to yell out to them so they would come and help her. They seemed so irritated that they had to come get this lady's breathing treatment squared away once more. God forbid anyone in the emergency room actually need help. This is absolutely the worst of the worst for hospitals. Honestly, whether you have to drive further to a different hospital or go to this one... You are still risking your life but I bet you would have better chances elsewhere.
2	I've never been to this hospital but working in the medical field I deal with their staff often. They are always rude and short with you. They often seem scattered and unorganized...they will put you on hold with out saying a word, and the operator does not have a list of hospital staff or a hospital directory so they are unable to perform the transfer duty they are there to perform in the first place. Even if you give the operator the name of the person/employee you are looking for they have no way of transfer. I personally thought that's what an operator does. She will also aggressively tell you how it's your problem and there's nothing she can do for you then transfer toy to the wrong place just to get you out of her hair. I would never go here based on the interaction with current staff. What poor customer service.
5	Been here for 2.5 days with my MIL and everyone has been extraordinarily nice, the care has been exemplary, and I'm confused at the negative reviews I read prior to posting this.  I guess a working understanding of medical care offers perspective and reduces entitlement.  YMMV.
