5	Raina is amazing!!! Best Brazilian ever! Always greets you with a smile and your in and out in no time! Highly recommend!!!
5	Though very appreciated, getting full on Brazilian bikini waxes isn't my favorite spa visit. I've been getting waxed all over town for years....I have had overpriced visits from hell. I am new to the Henderson area, and lucky for me, found Raina at Waxed. She made a very uncomfortable appt feel like a salon visit. Not only does her personality and professionalism make me feel relaxed (while my lady parts are much too exposed) she also does a 5 star job of getting rid of any and all pesky hairs. Raina is also an eyebrow artist...perfection in every way.  Warmer weather is around the corner...if you want to look and feel your best in your new bikini....go see Raina. I will never get waxed by anybody else.
5	I had a great experience at Waxed. Raina was great. She's very knowledgeable about skin and waxing. Truly a professional. She was thorough, ensuring no hairs were missed. Plus, she was more efficient than any prior experiences I have had. Atmosphere was relaxed which certainly is a plus for waxing. I will be going back and would highly recommend it to anyone else.
5	There are few times in life where one feels hair removal is an appropriate topic, that is unless it is the kind of experience that absolutely needs to be yelped about. The kind of experience that other yelpers and non yelpers would benefit from, this is one of those times. Raina is a dream, from the moment you walk in she makes you feel at ease and doesn't steer away from that direction at any moment throughout the entire process. If you're scared or you've never chose to wax anything, think again! She's changed my life.  I'm happy there is a platform like yelp that can inform consumers on where and how to find quality businesses that word of mouth alone could not. Waxed is definitely one of the spots that more people need to know about!  Needless to say I'll be back
5	No one likes getting their lady parts waxed, but Raina at Waxed702 does such an amazing job!  She is thorough and quick, making it as painless as possible.  I am also very picky about getting my eyebrows waxed and she did such an amazing job, I've broken up with my eyebrow lady that I used for the last 10 years!  I also love the District location.
5	I will never go anywhere else. Super happy with Raina!! She always makes me feel super comfortable and she does great work. I suggest Brazilian wax!!
5	We all have that at home waxing horror story.. after mine I decided to search around for an esthetician so I could be waxed by a PROFESSIONAL. I am huge on first impressions- when I called waxed702 I was immediately put at ease talking with Raina. Setting up an appointment with her was simple and she was so sweet answering all of the questions I had. Raina made sure there were no hairs left anywhere on me, even took the time to tweeze & she was still done with my appointment 10 minutes early. She is the waxing master!! I have seen her 3 times already and definitely plan on being a long time client.
5	This was my first time getting a brazilian and Raina made me feel so comfortable. I'll say one thing about her, she is thorough and really professional. When she was done she gave me tips on how to take care of my skin. She even texted me later that night to make sure I was ok! I will definitely be going back here. I recommend it 100 percent!
5	I've been going to Raina for a little over two years. At first I went because her old salon had a groupon, but I went back because her personality is awesome and she made me feel so comfortable (even when you're half naked with your girly parts all hanging out!)I get a full Brazilian, eyebrows and upper lip done every month. Do I do it for a man? No. I do it for myself. It raises my self esteem and makes me feel confident. She's really reasonable and does an absolutely amazing job. At this point, I feel like she's a friend. She cares about me, as I'm sure she does about all her clients. One thing I can say with absolute certainty after two years - I promise you won't be disappointed!!
5	I initially met Raina about over a year ago when I needed to get my eyebrows and upper lip waxed.  After the first couple visits I had inquired with her about getting a Brazilian, She was straight forward and detailed with what to expect.  The first experience was wonderful, yes it hurt at first but the results were amazing.  I was hooked and could not stay away especially with our summer season here in the Vegas valley.  I've become one of her loyal clients and that's due to her amazing personality and how thorough she is with getting job done. Her prices are reasonable and she's in a great location!  I've been fully committed her at least once every 4 weeks and I make the 25 minute commute to see her. I can't live without her and will follow her until she decides to retire this profession. Thank you Raina for all that you do! You're awesome!
