4	Firehouse Subs really puts out the fire at all other sub/sandwich joints (haha!). I love the concept and the decor ain't shabby either. The staff strikes the perfect balance between a grab-n-go joint and a sit-down place. If you dine-in, they will bring your subs to your tabl, and then pick up the empty trays once you are finished. The menu isn't so large as to be overwhelming, and the prices are comparable to typical sub/sandwich places ($5ish for a sandwich and $8ish for a meal w/ drink and chips).  Although there were quite a few sandwiches that I wanted to try on the menu, I ended up going with the smokehouse beef + cheddar.The sandwich was served up piping hot with no veggies (just the way I like it!)...just super tender beef sandwiched between some melted cheddar cheese and doused with BBQ sauce. Delish. Perfect for a post-distillery tour meal. :9If Firehouse was any closer to my apartment, I would be there everyday.
3	It was a good sandwich and I would certainly stop in again and try another.
4	Very clean, orderly.  Nice, super-friendly staff.  Have not eaten the carry-out sub yet so will finish this review when i get home.Well, the food was so good I've gone back a second time and was greeted by name.  Unequivocally, superior product and service.  I definitely would recommend this Firehouse Subs.This place is ideally situated with respect to proximate housing density and mean discretionary income.  It should do very well.  Hurry in before it gets too popular!!
2	Madison isn't exactly lacking for sub shops, so if you're going to open one, it's best to be on top of your game. I appreciate that this was started by firefighters, and they sell large empty pickle buckets for $2 a pop, the proceeds of which go to a firefighters' relief fund. The buckets are great for storing toys, foods, etc. The store is clean and hygienic, and the employees are friendly and quick. This, however, is where my accolades for the place end.I ordered a Firehouse Hero, which has "Premium roast beef, smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, and melted provolone." It is served "fully-loaded" by default, which includes mayo, deli mustard, lettuce, tomato, onion, and a kosher dill pickle on the side. I opted for their wheat bread, and told them to hold the onion (raw onions are too strong for me) and the mayo (I find the extra calorie/fat wallop unnecessary). It took longer than it does at my usual place (Milio's), but that is probably because they do toast the contents so that the cheese will melt. They didn't seem to have any other toppings available, so (unlike even a Subway franchise) loading up a sub with filling veggies isn't possible. I ordered the sandwich to go, as I had one brief errand to run before heading home. The time between being handed the sandwich and getting home was less than 20 minutes, and I was starving (first meal of the day at 2 p.m.), so I expected it to taste great. What I got was definitely underwhelming. The pickle, which they rolled into a piece of paper and then rolled into the entire sub, had leaked pickle juice all over the sandwich. I love the flavor of pickles, but it had drenched the bread, which was now soggy and falling apart. The meats and toppings were all there, but the entire experience was underwhelming. Good bread is the key to a great sub, and this was bland and mushy. I don't see myself returning, despite its close proximity to my apartment.
2	I was hoping for a kick @$$ sandwich - I got what might be a step above subway but they don't even bake their own bread (subway does). I'll stick with jimmy johns or keep looking.
3	I got the beef brisket it looked really good the bread was good the sauce was good the cheese was good but the brisket was smashed and tasteless. They have the coke freestyle I tried the cherry limeade it was very bland I tried two or three other drinks and they all tasted kind of off and not very Good.
4	I pass Firehouse Subs several times a week and finally decided to stop in to try... Well it was well worth it.  The 'Steamer' sub I ordered was AWESOME!  I compare to a Quiznos in style but much better quality in my opinion.  The bread is fantastic.  And it is always great to see a big Saturday crowd looking to be in full enjoyment.The place is clean, comfortable, smells incredible, and the people I interacted with were very friendly and happy to have my business.  I will definitely be back and highly recommend to anyone looking for a great sandwich.  I am withholding one star only because I have yet to try more of their sandwiches.
4	Bottom line - excellent sanwiches.The store is big, clean, and the employees are super-friendly.  Today I had the meatball sub, which was pretty good.  So far my favorite is the pastrami and corned beef sandwich (Sooooooooo gooooooood)...  The steak/cheese is fantastic as well.  I look forward to trying other selections!Subs here cost a little more than other places, but the quality is higher.  The 8" sub (in a combo) is plenty, even for a big guy like me.  I'd rate at 5-stars if it were a better deal ($9 is more than I prefer to pay for lunch) OR if deals/coupons were availble (and not just on Saturday mornings).Great subs, clean place, friendly staff.  Worth a stop!
3	My wife and I stopped here while we out doing errands. I've heard good things about their subs, so we thought we'd give it a try. I'd give it three-and-a-half stars if I could.First, the good: the subs were great, on par with other higher-end sub shops in the area, and a step or two above Subway and Cousin's. My wife had the Hook and Ladder (turkey and Virginia Ham with the fixins) and said she loved it. I had a Steak and Cheese, and yeah, it was one of the better steak and cheese subs I've experienced outside of Philadelphia. The portions were generous too: an 8" standard sub (foot long is available for another $2), huge drink cups, and a bag of chips. The staff was very attentive, bringing out food right to our table and clearing it off as we finished.However, the atmosphere here seemed odd. It started with the chorus of "Welcome to Firehouse!" that we experienced upon entering, which we soon realized the standard greeting for everybody. Since it was the lunch hour the greeting was a bit distracting while dining in. The manager was a nice guy, but it seemed like the rest of the staff was a bit forced in their exuberance and weren't really on board with the program. I don't blame 'em, because I can't say I was buying it, either. Also, their description of the steak and cheese on their menu comes with mayo and mustard. Really? I asked for without, because that just seemed straight-up sacrilegious to me. They also had a limited selection of veggie options, other than the run-of-the-mill veggie sub, which I believe is simply a bunch of greens and some slices of cheese. Pales in comparison to Which Wich, though.Decor is predictably firehouse-based: lots of red and whites and firefighter decor on the walls. There's a mural depicting some firefighters putting out a blaze somewhere in Madison, with Bucky carrying a fire axe to help out. (Being new to the Madison area, I kept wondering if the building was really a local landmark?). A couple of big-screen TVs showing ESPN. Didn't see the hot sauce selection, though I wish I did.Prices were on par with Which Wich and Gino's.Next time we stop here I would suggest we take it to go and avoid to dining experience.Pros: Great subs, generous portions, attentive staffCons: Odd atmosphere in dining area, limited meatless options, MAYO and MUSTARD on a cheesesteak?
4	I have stopped to eat here a few times with my family and also a few times by myself. Every time while walking through the doors, I was greeted with, "Hello, welcome to Firehouse Subs!" by several staff working behind the counter. I'm sure it is required for them to say it, but it is always refreshing when walking in. The subs are very tasty, restaurant is clean, and the firehouse decor is unique. My kid's favorite part about this place is the firefighter hat that they get. I rated 4 our of 5 because it can get pricey. about 6 bucks for a regular sub + 2 bucks for combo. Then the large sub is around $8 + $2 for the combo.
3	Tried the pulled pork sweet Thai chili sandwich with high expectations. I was very disappointed. The pork was super fatty and the Thai sauce very flavorless and greasy. The only shining light was the bread was delicious. Very soft and chewy. I haven't given up on Firehouse Subs yet. Just going to try something else.
4	Great subs, haven't had one I didn't care for here yet. The turkey bacon ranch is particularly tasty, always steamed to perfection and delicious. One key feature this place has to offer that I really appreciate is the hot sauce selection; they have a heat-scaled hot sauce rack with a wide variety of sauces, usually 20+ of them in there. I will say, however, these guys need to lay off the bizarre "team chants" that I'm sure are some kind of corporate-enforced idea, but good god. I just want to enjoy my food, is it really necessary for the entire staff to shout, "10-12, WELCOME TO FIREHOUSE!", every time someone enters the door? Bear in mind, during lunch time this is literally every couple minutes or so. Great food, but chill out guys, the chanting gets to be cringe-worthy and just weird.
4	There are a lot of sandwiches places on State St, but this new one holds up great! Highlights of firehouse include some phenomenal toasted bread and a myriad of hot sauce! An actual myriad. You just don't see that much these days.
5	I want to preface this review by noting that I am not a sandwich person.  For some reason however I found myself inside the walls of Firehouse Subs and I am so happy that I did.  Firehouse subs have been popping up everywhere along with many other sandwich places.  Walking into this restaurant is a different experience than other sandwich places because it has a very restaurant-y vibe.  This location is huge and you are greeted when walking in by a cheerful sandwich maker.  Firehouse also has a large menu; almost too large :)   I finally was however able to decide on the Italian sub.  My partner ordered the spicy meatball.  Firehouse subs is a bit pricier than other sub places but the quality, I found out, is better than other sandwich places. Ten minutes or so after we ordered, our food was delivered.  The meatball sub looked amazing. I also later found out that it tasted amazing.  My sandwich was just as great!  It had just enough meat, they weren't too heavy handed on the condiments, and it tasted fresh.  Towards the end of our meal, someone came by to ask how everything was and I enthusiastically said that it was the best sandwich I had ever eaten  And it really was.  It tasted nice and fresh and much better than the competition.  I  highly recommend this place!
5	Owner on site. Excellent service. Friendly staff. Love the firehouse theme throughout. Subs are very tasty and warmed to my perfection. Conveniently located for easy in and out!
4	I really like this place but when anyone walks in and they say "welcome to firehouse" it is sooooooo LAME!!!! I think the owner is there & he even sounds lame, they JUST should say HEY how ya doin! It is just to rehearsed and bad........So everytime I go there I know I'm going to here this stupid greeting.........It's just stupid.
