5	I love it here! The leasing folks are friendly as well as the maintenance crew. They try to give you a perfectly clean and freshly painted unit upon move in, which feels fresh!  It is so peaceful and very quiet.  A lot of desert bunnies and the occasional javalina or bobcat roaming the grounds, but they keep to themselves if you ignore them.  I highly recommend the Vintage at Scottsdale.  :))
1	Not happy here. Pipes make noise. Management messed up our bill two months in a row. Only gives a days notice for things like no water.
5	Me and my husband have lived here for about 4 years, and before that he had lived here about a year and half before we got married. 2 years ago, our lease was up on our one bedroom, and we transferred over to a two bedroom because we loved living here so much, but needed more space, and we just didn't want to go anywhere else.We really love this place. Great location, easy access to the freeway and popular stores (yay Target!), yet it's enough out of the way so you feel some privacy and quiet. The floor plans are very spacious and have an intuitive layout, it's nice and feels more like a condo or house than an apartment. There's about 150 units or so, which is the perfect amount. Small enough where you don't feel lost, yet enough so it's not creepy.The buildings and grounds are beautiful and kept clean (maybe a little TOO clean--every Monday morning at 7 or 8 the grounds maintenance comes with their leaf blowers, it's loud and a little annoying they do it so early. That's my one complaint after living here 4 years!)We also really like the manager and staff who work here; they are very nice and professional, and keep a close eye on things. They know us by name and chit chat about things going on in our lives; here you're a person, not just a unit number. I feel very safe and happy here and I think we'll stay for a while, at least until we buy or rent a house someday :)
4	I have lived here for four years. I think the manager Erica is phenomenal. If I need something they get it done. Corporate (which I believe is in CA) has only raised my rent once and just by $15. I only have one negative thing to say in four years which is outstanding for a complex of this size. They allow smoking inside the apartments and during winter heat rises as well as the smoke. In my bathrooms (2) and in my master bed you can smell the smoke like an all day ash tray. In the summer it's not bad but winter watch out if ur on a second floor and you have smokers below you. Other than that the price is great for the amount of sq footage I get on a two bedroom. I would highly recommend Vintage on FLW.
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. I went into the Vintage for a tour twice and was turned away both times. First they said they couldn't give us a tour because they were using the model kitchen to cook food and told us to come back at our convenience a different day. When we came back, we walked in at 4:32pm asking for a tour and were told they stopped giving tours at 4:30. We drove 25 minutes to the complex and came in 2 minutes after 4:30 and were turned away. When I said that we just wanted to see the unit and were very serious about renting, they still said no. I left in complete disgust and cannot imagine how they treat tenants if they treat potential renters like this.
3	I had an issue recently that was not handled well. My apartment flooded twice. The first time was due to a part breaking in my washer, the second was because the part they ordered to fix it was "faulty". They replaced the washer after 6-7 calendar days. But only offered to have my carpet cleaned even though this is the second time and that carpet was ruined and smelled. This is one of a few incidents that I've had. There communication with you during something like this is crucial and they definitely dropped the ball. The office staff said I was being hostile and rude but what they didn't understand or help me with was communicating what was happening when and how long things would take. If they had to live in a damp apartment with fans blowing and a two year old wanting to play they would understand. So, this being said, just hope you don't have issues that need attention and don't get smokers below you who smoke inside. I loved this place pretty much for the other 2 1/2 yrs. after finally dealing with Monica the area manager it was all resolved and taken care of. Sucks they have to get approval for everything too because the company is in CA.
5	Gotta say, I'm pretty happy with this place. Very spacious. Affordable. Nice location. The girls in the office take care of business and maintenance is always there when you need them. Just put a request in.  When I moved in they has just remodeled my place.  I'm on the third floor, that's a lot of exercise but hey.  It's fine.
1	It's nice how friendly the staff is at first, but it's only to gather gossip about you. Stick around that front office long enough and you'll know everything there is to know about everyone. There's no privacy there in that regards! The staff does a 1/2 ass job picking up trash and dog feces. They will let any loser live here! Minimal credit check. Everything can be fudged. Greasy Palms much???  SAD!
5	Vintage at Scottsdale is amazing. This location cannot be beat, their rates are phenomenal, and their apartments are very spacious with tons of storage. I only moved because I got a discount with my job at another apartment location, otherwise we would have renewed going on five years. My apartment had amazing views, wildlife and hiking trails nearby, plenty of space to walk my dogs, and to top it of a beautiful large lagoon style pool. Safeway and AJs are within walking distance and a delicious new Pita Jungle. I miss this place so much!
