3	Holy geriatric festival!  After being scared off by the Sunday morning waits at Orange Table and US Egg - we were off to Village Inn. Who would go there, I pondered?  Apparently, a lot of people, including the entire cast from the film Cocoon.  Average wait that Sunday morning = 30 minutes.Average age of patrons = 68.  Oxygen tanks = optional.This is probably the classiest of the IHOP, Denny's, Village Inn trifecta of 24-hour breakfast mediocrity.  And in case you're wondering this is the same thing (different name) as Baker's Square in California.So, you know the pies are the bizzomb.  But I digress.  I decided to not go there this time.  I was ravenously hungry.  So I decided to focus on the main course, not dessert.  Being a little skittish on the breakfast after having a queasy chicken fried steak one time, I decided to play it cool on a club sandwich and fries.  How uncomplicated can that be?The club was average.  It did the job, and our 50-something waitress (let's call her Flo) was charming in a nostalgic way - being effervescent and telling knock knock jokes.
3	Same boring menu as Denny's and IHOP with surprisingly worse food. Worse than Denny's? Yes! I think it's in the way they prepare their food because it always leaves me feeling sick like I ate an entire stick of re-fried butter. I haven't been impressed with anything on the menu including the lunch and dinner. If you want a good breakfast make it yourself instead of coming here. Even if your best breakfast skills are a bowl of cereal.
3	Just as I nestled my tired butt into our booth, two cute elderly ladies were getting up from their table right next to us. As one helped the other into her walker, well, how do I put this delicately? Hmmm....as one helped the other into her walker, the lady with the walker, she, umm. Ok. Well, she ripped one. Ok. She farted. Yes I said it. And everyone heard it. But, unfortunately for me, my face was a foot from her polyester crack. Welcome to the Village Inn. As we awaited our food I noticed one employee at the counter chewing her nails. Really going to town. Like trying to break the Guiness Book of World Records. It was distracting. And disgusting. That said. We had a wonderful server with a nativity scene apron. Wow. Hmmm....I believe Mary has mustard on her forehead.  I enjoyed the basic eggs over medium, hash browns (perfectly crisp on top) and my buttermilk cakes. So the food was actually tastey. The flatulence and nail biting I guess were just a bonus.
