1	Registered with this business more than a year ago and got an email for an opportunity to "audition".My impression was this is more like a bait and set up.  They lure you in and if your animal doesn't perform to the owners level of acceptance you are then given you information for someone they work with who can give your dog obedience lessons and then they imply after which you will be put in their files for future consideration.The standards in which they test vary from one dog to the next.  The person that sent the email extending to me the opportunity had made assumptions about my dogs temperament .They allowed an owner to run their dog in an agility area while asking for specific behaviors, but they did not give any information about the location, environment, activity, or anything of location.  You're simply asked to come.All of these things made it look like they're drumming up business for someone else and in turn getting some kind of a return on any business sent that way.
5	I actually didn't directly come to AAA for an audition. My dog was "discovered" by Kama when I brought him in for an agility evaluation. He knew a few tricks, and had a good sit/stay, which he demonstrated quite well that day!Since then, he's been in a commercial, a print ad, and they've even asked me to do some modeling for an ad! My dog has had fun on these shoots, and comes back home eager to practice some more (What dog wouldn't love constant treats for doing tricks in a short amount of time?)! My younger dog has also been in a print ad, which was a great experience for her.Please please, know these things before auditioning your pet for an acting agency:1. It's very important for your dog to be very good with other animals and people (Non-reactive), and as distraction proof as possible. Many acting and modeling gigs run on a tight schedule, and an obedient dog that won't get easily distracted is a must. It's also important for your dog to be trained to do tricks not just at home, but in different environments. If your dog isn't ready quite yet for any jobs though, Kama and Jubie are excellent at training, and any suggestions they have are only in the best interest for you and your dog so that you can both be better prepared for the industry.2. Once your dog auditions and is part of the agency, it's just like being a human actor at an acting agency. Many jobs require a certain type/breed of dog, so if you are relying solely on the agency for jobs, you might be waiting for the right part to come your way.3. A lot of jobs happen at the last minute, so having a flexible schedule is important.In all the jobs I've been to, Kama and/or Jubie have been there to make sure everything runs smoothly, and to give any helpful hints to make sure the talent hired performs reliably, admirably, while having fun at the same time. Overall, it's been an interesting experience being in the pet entertainment industry!
5	We've used Kama and AAA on multiple occasions to cast talent for our commercial productions. She always comes through with great animal (and when needed, human) talent and is a pleasure to work with!! Always a much smoother process when working with animals to have Kama and her talent on set.
