3	Went here with a friend last night (Sat).  It's located where the old Alley Cat used to be uptown beside BAR. First impressions are that the place is kind of like Suite if that's your thing.  It has some pretty cool decor and lights and a big dance floor.  They play the typical dance and top 40 music.  They also have go-go dancers, VIP area, blah blah blah, etc.I gave it 3 stars because it's a nice place but not really my thing.  My friend was on "the list" so we got in free...no harm, no foul :)!
4	Okay let's set the record straight. Republic is only slightly similar to Suite. Similar in the sense that it's an "upscale" dance club.  As far as everything else though, Suite it isn't. Yea you might hear a lil' Kesha (yuck) but at least you'll hear 90% of the song played and not the first five seconds. Bouncers aren't as esoteric as the Epicentre's manly men, and the crowd seems just a tab more mature. Then again, that might change as word gets out and the crazy kids take over. With room to dance and actually walk around, I think this place might be Charlotte's new thing.  While Republic has taken over the old Alley Cats, it's been completely remodeled. The DJs are actually pretty decent with top 40 and hip hop spinning inside and house music outside. Accompanying the electronica DJ an energetic friendly fellow manning the bongos and cowbell. More cowbell you say? He'll happily oblige. If you're tired of the same ol' thing (ahem Butter, Suite, Halo), Republic is worth checking out.
4	Pop Life on Wednesday's is where it's at!The sound system is AMAZING.  I could do without the 'cocktail waitresses' in their black, tight dresses & thigh high boots, but I digress. :DThe patio is nicely done up...I like it out there.
3	My first encounter with RE: Public was during a bar crawl, so this review may need some tweaking after a return visit.Really I've seen this property switch hands far too many times to be pretty comfortable with saying that Re:Public has some hurdles to get over before it gets the 'staying power' nod from me.The location isn't bad... right off of College street with a string of bars next door and just a 2 block walk to the epicenter.It was super-crowded during this Halloween bar crawl so I couldn't really get a feel for the "new" interior.  It looked like they bumped up the scale from it's Alley Cat days, but the layout was pretty much the same... two bars on either side with the dance floor in the middle.  I noticed they have some more "lounge" seating and VIP areas.... but I was not all that impressed.  It was just too crowded to get to the bar and we didn't stay that long at this bar crawl stop.
4	If I had to choose one place to go for a bit of dancing and lounging within walking distance of all things downtown, I would probably choose this place.  A couple things they do make it so, first and foremost is they play good music and nothing to one sided.  I can't stand going somewhere that only plays house or trance or hip hop only.  This place keeps it fresh by cycling through it all.Not exactly upscale but nice enough to get the job done.
2	Got there on Saturday at about 10.30pm and we were the only ones there. Can't believe we paid $10 to get in here just to stare at a bunch of obese bouncers. This place is a little too pretentious for me. A bunch of empty VIP corners with busted faux leather sofas etc. We went to the bathroom and there was a large woman sitting in there handing out paper towels with her tip jar in tow. Why do people think they can just set up shop in a bathroom and hand out paper towels that are readily available in a dispenser and expect you to give them a dollar? This place is hardly deserving of a bathroom attendant. We left and checked out a few other places and returned at about 12:30. This time there is a crowd but certainly not my type of crowd. A bit on the thuggish side for me. The men were wearing their pants a little too low below the waist and the women were dressed cheap and seductive. So everyone is standing on the dance floor. Yes I said standing on the dance floor. Shouldn't people be dancing on the dance floor? The crown on the dance floor reminded me of fish in a tank waiting to be fed. They just stood there sort of swaying, all facing the same direction not interacting with each other as if they were waiting to be fed. We stayed for 5 minutes then left. This place has potential but it's not for me.
2	Went to Re Public Wednesday evening, it was a hot mess! $5.00 to park normal, no entrance fee cool. expensive drinks, the norm for downtown Charlotte. Diverse crowd, cool. Music was cool. But you mean to tell me your rope off ALL tables for VIP and have a 3 bottle minimum, on a Wednesday? Insane.com So the only seating in 37 degree weather was outside with a heater? Ummm aint nobody got time to pay to sit down on the inside of a club. Literally understand, NO interior seating without paying, not at the bar, not anywhere! Must I remind establishments that Charlotte has a tremendous turnover in Clubs, especially downtown. Quick think of 1 spot downtown that hasn't flipped 5 times in a short amount of time! This is why. You make it too difficult to have a good time. Overzealous security, no seating, maybe not New York prices, but may I remind you that this is Charlotte....Re-Public will be closed soon enough and on to the next.
