4	Spot on best authentic Mexican in the city.  Just had pork tamales and want more.  Run to these guys as they are future rock stars of Pittsburgh's Mexican scene!!
4	Excellent authentic Mexican food.I walked past the La Palapa stand three or four times in the strip without ever giving it a second look. Big mistake. This place is a hidden gem with incredible Mexican food. The tamales are great and the homemade mole they are topped with is packed with flavor. I also loved the black beans with bacon-- such a good side.The price is a bit high for a food stand but I suppose the large portions and quality ingredients slightly justify the cost. I highly recommend trying La Palapa at least once.
5	La Palapa used to be an unsuspecting stand in the Strip District, a hidden gem to stumble upon for the best authentic Mexican grub in the city.  Now, La Palapa has moved to the South Side (taking over Thai Me Up's old location)--and the food as only gotten better.If you don't want to try a taco or quesadilla, which are excellent, I'm a huge fan of their mole chicken (mole poblano con pollo). A cup of their soup goes a long way, too, and they have a solid variety to choose from--tortilla, black bean, fish, and vegetarian.I haven't tried any of their desserts yet, but I can't wait to come back and try the flan. It's a small space, fairly unsuspecting, but it's hard to be let down with something this authentic.
5	Just had an amazing beef quesadilla and an awesome  chicken tamale with a verde mole.  Both were fantastically delicious.  This stall in the Pittsburgh Public Market delivers authentic eats at an extremely fair price. I will be back again, again, again and again.
5	Going to the Strip makes me wish I had more than one stomach. I'm not a Pittsburgher; I visit because my boyfriend has family here and on our trips I get fed pretty well. That said, I've recently started making sure that some of the limited real estate in my stomach gets dedicated to eating in the Strip, with the biggest parcel of space going to La Palapa. Admittedly, I have a soft spot for Mexican food, perhaps because although I live in Kentucky now, I grew up in Southern California. Let me say that I'm not grading on a curve based on what may or may not be available in the region. La Palapa is good, period.You'll find the stall in the Public Market under the thatched roof that is the business's namesake. On each visit I've been served by the same very friendly man (likely the owner?). I get whatever tamales are available and they've always been great. They're corn husk tamales (as opposed to banana leaf). I challenge you to pick a favorite between the red and the green sauces. The beans and rice should not be missed. I'm normally more of a pinto bean girl but these black beans are seriously great. I hope to eventually try the empanadas but again, just one stomach, so we'll see if I ever make it that far.In the event that a tourist is reading this, the address that is currently listed on the Yelp page is the South Side location. This review is specifically for the location in The Strip, which is in the Public Market on 2401 Penn Avenue.
