5	Antique Trove is one of the best places to dig for antiques in the Valley. Whenever I have an afternoon with nothing to do, I come here. I've found an awesome selection of 100-year-old postcards, an end table, an old tapestry, old shoes and some nice plates all here at Antique Trove. Unlike some other places that claim to have "antiques," this place actually has mostly things that are at least 50-years old -- not just shelves and shelves of crap like Smurf collectibles or Precious Moments figurines...thank God...
2	In this time of  economic strife, you would think that places would have a troop of people to jump on your every need.  However, I was very disappointed when I found my perfect earrings in a case and could not wrangle anyone to open the case for me!  I did eventually get back there the next day and someone did open the case for me and I was lucky enough to get some awesome earrings and boots.  Hehe, I beat my sister to the punch because she planned on going in to buy them the next day.  You guys gotta get it together so people don't leave in frustration.
4	For the weird, crazy, and old...This place is awesome! I went here for fun on my way to pick up lunch.  Needless to say, never got my lunch, I was wandering around the store for an hour and a half.  This place was so cool.  They had so much stuff from the late 1800's to around the 1970's.  Now these are my type of antiques!  I saw an 1900's old doctor examining table that i couldn't leave.  It was so great to see something that bizarre! I didn't end up getting it sadly.  Between the fact that it was out of my budget (it was around 550.00) and I had no where to put it.  But how i did want it!  There stuff is really cool, but I will admit slightly pricey.  I think you need to remember when shopping here that these are well taken care of antiques and not just your aunts grungy sofa.  But if you ever want to time travel, this is a great place to start!
5	This is my favorite antique store ever. The first time I went with my 16 year old cousin and she had so much fun seeing all the vintage fashion. I took my mother the following week and she was almost in tears from all the nostalgic things she saw. Then when I took my Grandfather he literally looked like a child in a toy shop upon seeing all the war memorabilia. Even my 13 year old brother had fun there seeing all the Star Wars and Simpsons stuff. I plan to take my bf there eventually to check out the Beatles things. Basically what I'm saying is that there isn't a person in the world who could be bored in this place! I love it. The staff was very friendly and helpful. At first they didn't take me too seriously because I look really young but Im an avid Dr Seuss collector and after they realized I actually wanted to buy stuff the lady literally walked me through the entire store digging for things.
5	I love this place. It is one of my favorite Antique shops in the city! There is a wide selection and variety of booths and items. There is everything here from match boxes, cute purses and hats to retro/vintage furniture, wacky mannequins, old cameras and old toys to reminiscence over. And! They are decently priced and have a nice helpful staff.
5	My wife and I love this place.  The Modern Life dealer, who has 3 booths is probably our favorite in the bunch, however we have found a lot of great mid century modern pieces here at great prices.
5	love love love wandering through stuff and things and art and junk????then you'll love this place.  when I went I spent well over 2 hours just looking through everything.  the selection is diverse and the staff was very helpful.  some of the prices were a bit high, but there are good finds to be had.
5	You could easily get lost in here and be happy that you are. Don't be surprised if you walk into Antique Trove when its light outside but need to turn on your car's headlights for the drive home. There is no such thing as a quick visit to Antique Trove.If I am ever in a cranky mood, this is where I come.  You are guaranteed to find so much awesome stuff. Yes, some will be incredibly random but isn't that the point sometimes. In all seriousness too... there are really great pieces of furniture and art, which are VERY reasonably priced.  !!!There is no longer any excuse to go to Target or Pier One for art when Antique Trove is right up the street!!!Do yourself a favor and go to Antique Trove!  It will always be one of my favorite places in the valley.
5	We've been to Antique Trove in the past and loved it.  This last visit was just as good.  The Better Half and my friend's wife methodically goes down every aisle.....while we (the guys) just wander aimlessly through the store driven by the dealers who sell the sports memorabilia.  There's a dealer that has a few showcases on the center aisle that has a ton of autographed baseballs, baseball cards, photos, and stuff from the 1950's to now.....we can easily spend an hour looking at all of the stuff.  There are a couple of other dealers that have sports related items as well.Another fun dealer is the one who has the vintage National Geographics and the dealer who has the vintage, used postcards.  We love to sift through those to see if we can find something interesting.  A few visits back our Son found a few National Geographics that was interested in....we struck out this time.Overall, it was a fun hour or so that we spent in the Trove.Return Factor - 100%
5	As far as antique stores go, this could be the motherload of them all. I've been visiting Antique Trove for years and it always remains the same: full of crazy items you never knew you needed or even still existed. As I said, I've grown up with Antique Trove. As a kid, the only thing that got me through the hour-long visits while my Mom shopped were the old-school candy canes sold at the front of the store. I still sometimes dream of those delicious candy canes. I might have even gotten one or two since since being a kid. I remember looking through the endless aisles of antiques and playing games of imagination with the vintage pieces while my Mom searched for hidden gems. Fast forward many years and I can't believe I'm actually old enough to appreciate Antique Trove. I finally realize why my Mom wanted to spend so much time here. It's a wonderland of timeless pieces, everything from turn of the century rare finds to 1980's vintage classics. Each booth is owned by a different person which means that the items here can range across the board. Some of the pieces are pricey and others are extremely reasonable. The key here is going into this shop knowing the difference between the junk and treasures. Be prepared to get lost and spend well over an hour in here and you won't even know where the time went! For my parent's 40th wedding anniversary, I found a bunch of old magazines and publications from the year they got married, 1970. It was a special treat for them. So on behalf of a former child who needed candy to visit, to an adult who appreciates the gems, I thank the tenants of Antique Trove for sticking around all these years!
5	When I lived in the Bay Area, there used to be more of this kind of antique shop--the kind where cases and alcoves are rented out by individual dealers.  This way, they can sell their wares in a "brick and mortar" building without having to plunk down the $$$ for their own shop.  I really like shops like this due to the huge amount and variety of antiques that you find in them.  Unfortunately, rents in the Bay Area have gone so sky high that places like this have begun to close--dealers can't even afford to pay the rent on a case anymore.I am very glad to find one of these here in the Valley alive and well.  Lots of sports memorabilia, Beatles memorabilia, and old stamps and postcards.  I also saw several selections of old signage, jewelry, militaria, and coins.  I really need to visit this place regularly to see what comes in.I could honestly wander through these aisles for hours.  You never know what could be behind the next corner. . .
5	Schizophrenic fun at reasonable prices -- what else could you want from an antiques mall. Sure, there's some stalls full of what looks like garage sale leftovers, but most of the stuff is solid -- a nice blend of furniture and larger items admixed with the trinkets and collectibles. I never, ever, ever leave empty handed, even if it's just a few old Pyrex lab beakers or vintage liquor promo glasses. The only problem with this place is that it takes way too much time to really do it right!
5	The creme de la creme of antique stores. The Brass Armadillo and Chandler's Merchant Square may be larger but it seems to lack the character of this store. I love to browse through this place for a couple of hours. It's unfortunate that its far out of my way for it to be convienent but I'm glad that it has stuck around for all these years. My favorite section is the crates filled with vintage advertisements. I'll be one sad man if this store ever closes down like the one at Scottsdale and Curry. Don't remember the name of that place but if somebody wants to help me out with that I'd appreciate it. Hooray to the Trove!!
4	Having grown up in the northeast I was constantly dragged antiquing as a child but (thank you Dad) that continues to this day. I love having the luxury of AC in AZ and all the antiques in one place makes for super convenient browsing. Always great variety, fun junk to look through and the occasional find! Some booths are more expensive than others and some stuff is over priced but that is common with antique malls and it is Scottsdale. Still miss those little New England junk shops and barns filled with treasures though.
4	This is truly one of the best antique stores you can find here in the area. Since I work in aviation, I appreciated the aviation collection in the store. Old airline memorabilia and they even had old drink stirrers! I like to collect old pilot jackets so I was thrilled with what they had.I know this store is in Scottsdale and more expensive prices are expected, but I really didn't notice anything outrageous. If anything, the things that I wanted were reasonably priced and some old vintage purses that I was squealing over, were only under 15 bucks. The store is kept very clean, organized, air conditioned, lit, and there is ample space to move around without feeling like you're going to knock everything over. If you are looking for jewelry you will be pleased with the large selection they have of really nice fashion jewelry. I like a lot of old antique furniture, glassware, and kitchenware and I am very pleased whenever I come here. We found this old high backed wheelchair that we could set up in our house like something out of the movie The Changeling. (We have a themed house thing going on)
4	This place is heaven for an antique lover, just make sure you set aside enough time to go through it all.  You will find great pieces and items are amongst this whole place, with lots and lots of choices and options and the prices are really reasonable.  My gf found an amazing solid wood coffee table for $199 that would easily go for over 1k had she gone somewhere else.  It's a fun way to spend the day with a friend or loved one and just relive the past, too.
4	Fun little treasure trove of collectibles, gifts and oddities.  Fun way to spend a few hours.
4	Love this place! Have found some great gems for some awesome prices. My niece got her first taste of Jewelry with the antique necklaces and bracelets I have gotten here and it is one of her fav things to play with. Great variety.
3	Holy mother load of antiques.  You'll most likely spend at least an hour in this place because there are thousands of items up for grabs.  Most are overpriced in my opinion but there were some affordable great items as well.  I had a fun time trolling around the aisles.
5	This is one of the better antique malls I have ever been to.  It is well laid out up to and including bathrooms that  are conveniently located  middle to back of  store.  I will make a point of seeing what they have the next time we go to Phoenix.  This is as good as it gets as a lot of smaller shops will not have the variety or be as friendly.
5	Is this Narnia? ..No? Oh just an antique wonderland!This place is huge. I love antique malls so much, although a lot are quite disorganized and you could come across a lot of overpriced "junk"-like who collects unopened cans of Pepsi from 1984? This antique mall has those things, but is really organized and nice. It's one of the only malls that I've seen a great vintage clothing selection in. There's only a few sections (towards the front, left end of the mall), but a lot of the clothing is from the 50s-70s and is in great shape. There's also great vendors for jewelry and kitchenware-totally unrelated things, but that's kind of what I'm into.I could spend hours in this place. I highly recommend to anyone who's a lover of antiques and treasure hunting, just make sure you have enough time to look through the place.
4	can spend a long time here looking around some days you find something good other days well not so much
3	Found a few neat things at decent prices, but honestly LOTS of way overpriced things. We know the value of blown glass. If there isn't a sticker or stamp proving it's Murano, it shouldn't be sold for Murano prices.
5	If you enjoy shopping at large antique stores where you can browse through thousands of interesting items, then this is the spot for you.  There are aisles with individual dealer showcases and displays.You can find furniture, jewelry, collectibles, and tons of vintage items.  Every once in a while, you might find a treasure or two.  Since we moved here a few years ago, we stop by frequently to see what they have here and have found great pieces of jewelry here.It's a lot of fun to browse around.  For the guys who might get bored, there are a few showcases with sports memorabilia that might keep you interested.  If not, there's a small seating area up front where you can wait for your spouse.Return Factor - 100%
2	I  walked around yesterday at AT and was extremely disappointed.  It again looks trashy, junky and no better than a bad thrift store!  I started shopping there at least 10 years ago but my visits have become farther and farther apart as the years have gone by!  Gone are the wheelers and dealers that made their junk at least presentable and reasonable...but left long ago!Who wants to see the same crap 6 months later??? Come on, people):Most booths have no theme, no presentation and management needs to help with merchandising and fair pricing!  I am bypassing this junk hole and heading to 7th Ave and Cave Creek Rd for attractive displays, reasonable prices and fun decor!Take it from me , Antique Trove, you need a management and dealer overhaul!!! I can't believe you tolerate this after opening your Roseville, CA location that is 10x better!
3	Eh... the kinda place that doesn't seem to change very often. Good to go once to poke around but not the kinda place that you'd go every Sunday to look for deals!
4	I have never really been "antiquing" and I had some time to kill before I had to meet Jeff at Scottsdale stadium so I decided to stop in and look around. When I walked in, it was overwhelming but exciting at the same time. There were little sections for each person selling their things. I saw clothing from the 40's, cassette tapes, which are ancient to the kids today, old cameras, and a lot of other cool things. Of course I found some awesome things that I ended up walking out with. I bought a chinese calligraphy clock, a Route 66 sign for my dad, a Cal Ripken Jr. plaque, and a huge Asian inspired picture. Lucky for me, I bought most of the things from the same vendor that was doing 50% off everything that was not on sale. The staff was very helpful too! I had several things in my hand and one of them offered to take them to the front. I even had help out to my car. I will defnitely go back!
5	This place is awesome! I didn't realize quite how big it is until I walked inside... And it's HUGE! There's an insane selection of  different items - I imagine there's something for any antique or vintage seeker. Also, the staff is very friendly and  approachable. They're not always the most knowledgeable since different parts of the store are stocked by the individual sellers rather than the store staff,  but they help as much as they can. Prices seem, for the most part, good. I called ahead to make sure they had a selection of what I wanted and walked out very pleased, having made a good purchase. I will be back, especially since they restock often.
5	This is a follow up review from two years ago. This is simply put the best antique store in the valley. I've been to a few others but they seem to lack the character of this store. Perhaps it's because the Trove has been around for so many years. I've been faithfully visiting this place once or twice a month since October 2011 so there has been quite a lot of change since that time. There are a few items that are no longer there that I miss seeing such as a gas pump, Old Gold cigarette ad and a blinking arrow sign. What compliments this store so much is the 50's/60's oldies music playing on the overhead speakers. I have to give special kudos to manager Scott for keeping this place in business. There was a similar antique mall on the nw corner of Scottsdale and Curry that pulled out many years ago and now that strip mall has sadly been demolished. I hope your store never closes down! I remember when it first opened in 1989. I was a teenager then living in the area and I popped inside just out of curiosity but there wasn't much in it at the time. I believe the storefront sign was a different color then as well. Sorry to ramble on for so long but that is what I think about this store. Long live the Trove!! P.S.  Just out of curiosity, in the Retro West dealer there was a beautiful portrait of a Spanish lady cradling what appeared to be roses. I last saw it on December 2011. I wondered if that was sold or not?
5	Warning: you should spend all day here. This place is the best for finding hidden treasures. I am obsessed with Disney and found so many amazing Disney items collectible and non collectible. Also had amazing help from the employees guiding me to items I was interested in (Disney items/ Xmas ornaments) thank goodness they could navigate the store because I would get lost! Will be visiting frequently because it's just amazing in here. Seriously, you need to wander through this place it's incredible.
4	It's hard to find a decent size antique store here in PHX but this one has plenty to look at.
5	Coolest place ever, going back on Saturday with some of my treasures to get them appraised. I can't wait to give my boyfriend and Papa Chuck their gifts. The employees were welcoming and kind. Just really a treasure trove as the name suggests. Everyone was so sweet to my service dog and I. We had a great time. This might be my new favorite place to explore. It's like being in you're Grandma's basement, only everything is very organized and tidy. It feels like home there.
