2	We asked our hotel concierge for a restaurant recommendation.  She said there's a place off the strip where you can get excellent cheap Italian food.  She said, "I'm Italian" and I love it and all my out of town guests always ask to go there.  So we said what the heck, beats paying a fortune for a mediocre meal at one of the big fancy hotel restaurants.  The first note about Carluccio's is it is right next door to the Liberace Museum.  Las Vegas is such a bizarre place.  Any way, the interior is a flash back to to the 80's and still kind of charming in that bizarre Las Vegas sort of way.  It was also dark inside, which was a good thing, because they would get negative stars for the cleanliness factor.  Our bread basket and the inside of my menu had globs of marinara sauce on them.  Tasty....um, no....disgusting.The bread was outstanding.  It was just bread, with no fancy dipping oil or vinegar. Just good solid bread with butter.  Side salad...blech.  Bottle of Pinot Grigio...yummy (friend pointed out it could be bought at Costco for half the price we paid).  Mushroom appetizer...good in concept...mushrooms in white wine sauce topped with cheese and baked.  Not so good in execution as the wine sauce was tangy and harsh.  Chicken parmigiana entree, pretty tasty.  It was served with a side of pasta with meat sauce containing very little meat to speak of.  I tried my friend;s gnocchi and it was doughy tasting (not in a good way)!  We skipped dessert.Service was poor, but what do you expect when  you can get a bottle of wine, 3 entrees, 3 side salads and an appetizer for less than $80 (the wine was half the bill at $40).  This place would be great for a group of people who want decent food for cheap.  Plus Liberace is next door.  That's a big draw right there!  Or not...
4	A late sixties year old woman struggled to light a cigarette sitting on a bench below the Carluccio's Tivoli Gardens neon sign high above her.  "I hate having to come out side to smoke," she mumbled pulling her light sweater over her shoulders.   Our party bus pulled into the parking lot and drove past the Liberace Museum and neon grand piano and stopped in front of the smoking Carluccio's regular.  We all streamed out of the bus as she reviewed and evaluated each one of us. "I bet most of these kids don't even know who Liberace was," she mused.  I opened the wood carved door to the Liberace design restaurant and the team entered into a world hip and cool 35 years ago that is now hip and cheeky in 2007.I travel to Las Vegas at least two times a year for various trade shows for eBay or for various social events.  Like many of my friends, I get tired of the big casino hotspots that we all read about in the hotel room "Las Vegas" magazines.   Thankfully, my friend Jennifer found Carluccio's through her parents that live in the area and decided to host our team party there.  Carluccio's was probably THE place to be for Las Vegas hip in the 70s and is now a refreshing escape for those of us looking for something different...yet sill Las Vegas.Apparently Carluccio's was designed by Liberace and it shows. Each room is a different style from a dark lounge with vinyl booths to an Italian sculpture garden to the all-mirrored back room replete with a bar shaped like a piano and twinkling lights on the ceiling.  Our group from eBay found our way to the mirrored back room where we enjoyed hearty Italian food. Bottles of Chianti housed in the traditional whicker baskets greeted us and were free flowing, accompanied by mozzarella and tomato and fried calamari hors d'oeuvres.  Due to our group (21) size, Carlucci's served a fixed menu including veal parmesan, chicken picatta and Lasagna.  The food was great for the basic Italian fare and the portions are HUGE.  Most of the group only ate half of what was served.  I'd recommend even ordering one entre and splitting it. I had the veal which was a little tough and smothered in sauce and cheese.  That should tell connoisseurs of Italian food that it's not top-line quality.  However,  Henry had the chicken parmesan which he said was good and Beth had the lasagna which she seemed to enjoy.We were entertained by a great piano bar duet, Gus and Kathy.  Gus is a stage name for C.J. who is a full time plumber in Las Vegas.  Kathy is a long time friend of 30 years who sings with Gus in his "Off-The Strip" appearances. Gus, with is long gray pony tail and grey bushy mustache tickled out basic Sinatra tunes and 70s hits like "Easy Like Sunday Morning." Kathy chimed-in with "do-waps" and chorus versus when appropriate.  My friend Beth requested for me "Staying Alive" by the Bee Gees, hoping to elicit a performance reminiscent of Marty and Elaine from "Swingers."  However, Gus did not have that song on his laptop that sat on top of his piano serving as his sheet music. Beth was able to get "More Than A Woman" played for those of us with a Barry Gibb craving.After Gus and Kathy's final number, we cleared out of the back room shaking hands with the musical duo and thanking Carlucci's manager for a great experience.  Overall, the food was good...not great.  However, the AMBIANCE and the old-school Las Vegas experience is OFF THE CHARTS.  I HIGHLY recommend taking the $10 cab ride off the strip to experience this restaurant.  I get the feeling most frequent Vegas travelers are not aware of this hidden vinyl and polyester gem.
2	Service kinda sucked, so did the food. It's a meal though, and if someone else is paying, why complain? I wouldn't go there again though.
3	Mmmmm delicious food and a little history. Mr. Liberace himself designed the interior of his restaurant and they have not changed it since his passing (no this is not a bad thing). The cheese manicotti in marinara sauce was absolutely delish, just like home cooking should be. The spumoni ice cream is home made by the way, not store bought. And if you happen to have a free moment you can breeze by the Liberace museum and check out his "eye catching" performance wear.
4	This place is fun. I gave it an extra star because its next to the Liberace museum. Any place located to close to Liberace MUST be fantastic right? Right. I guess. In any case, the food was just okay, but the portions were pretty ginormous, and the price was right. The joint is off strip, which was a nice change, becuase its relatively peaceful there and the diners all seemed to be locals, except us. And trust, we did stand out. The ambiance is fun with differently themed and decorated rooms depending on your occasion and the bar there is dark as any other in Sin City, but slightly divier. Service was good, albeit a little slow, and all in all the meal was a success. A little wine never hurt anyone.
5	If you want great Italian food that will not break the bank? This is the place to go. This place has been there since the early 1980's and you can tell by the decor. They have their fair share of loyal customers including myself. The food there is awesome! The seafood diablo is a must have, so is the orange roughy in white sauce. If you like shrimp, the crab stuffed shrimp is great as an appetizer or as an entree. The zuppa the clams is also a great appetizer. I know service is a hit or miss. This is the same with all restaurants. However, I still give it 5 stars for great food that is not over priced. No one can beat this place.
3	This is old Vegas, this atmosphere is old school, but cool, make sure to check out the Liberace bar too. The food was good, not great but really good food, the lasagna was very tasty, and the house dressing was very unique.. told the staff we had a show to get to in 45 mins and they got us in and out in plenty of time on a Saturday night, nice work..its a must at least once given its history.
5	Being a 2nd generation Sicilian and growing up eating true homade italian cuisine you can expect me to be extremely picky when it comes to italian food.  One of the great things I love about vegas is, if good dego eats is what you crave, chances are you've got a top notch joint with in 5 minutes away from you at any given time, and carluccios is one of the best.  For an old school vegas feel, great service and phenominal food look no further.  Whenever I go I get linguini with muscles, clams, shrimp and calamari.  I can't tell you the exact name of the dish, but it comes in red spicy arabiata style sauce and it is to die for.  With its central location just minutes from the strip this place is perfect for locals and tourist a like.  If your visiting, do yourself a favor, forget about the overpriced strip hotel restraunts. And pay carluccios a visit you won't be disapointed.
5	Every time I come back here it only gets better. The food, omg, the food! For a great price [think Olive Garden prices] you get a heck of an amazing Italian dish. I cannot get enough of the cheese raviolis with marinara or alfredo sauce and BAKED cheese on top. I'm not a huge leftover fan, but you can bet that the next morning I was scarfing down what was left of my ravioli dinner.
5	Carluccio's is the king of Italian restaurants in Vegas. For the price, for quality and quantity it doesn't get any better. Service is great and the location is right off the strip. All you new comers and old timers in town need to make this your Italian go to.
4	It's my family's favorite place.  They have been taking me there for years.  It's a pretty simple joint.  Not a big wine list.  Not pretentious.  Really fantastic red sauce.  I eat the Shrimp Fra Diavolo with the hot marinara.  The veal dishes are really good and what you would expect Italian to be.  Other places get fancy, Carluccio's gets it right.  Best of all they have been around for as long as I've been around.  Nothing has changed.  Every taste is like it was many many years ago.
1	The Olive Garden by any other name is still The Olive Garden.Go to Nora's on Flamingo....similar prices, radically better wine list and many many times better overall.
5	A group of us ate at Carluccio's last night. The service was great, the atmosphere was fun and relaxed. The food - well, it was REALLY great! Some of the best, fresh italian food I have ever had in Vegas. I HIGHLY recommend it. Everyone in our party loved their food and said they would be back again soon. The prices are lower than average and the portions are HUGE!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE.  The first time we ate there it was 21 years ago..I  go there for the chicken livers with a tarragon cream sauce served over a bed of linguine.  YUMMMY.  Hosted a dinner party two years in a row for 40 people and the bill was ...reasonable.... Fun place to go...not fancy ...dated...but the food is good!!  The lasagne was yummy too!...and hrmmm what else did I steal off someones plate...stuffed mushrooms..and hrmm scampi..  LIFE IS GOOD
5	This is my favorite Italian place in Vegas. It has great local history, being that as Tivoli Garden it was owned by the one and only Liberace! It has one of his pianos in the back seating area and the back bar is grand piano shaped. The food is really, really good and the atmosphere hearkens back to the good old days of Vegas when the Rat Pack and the Mob were headliners. I have gone here for the 13 years I have lived her and consider it a must show to visitors who think the Strip is Vegas. We know better...THIS is Vegas, BABY!
5	Great prices, romantic ambience, delicious Italian basics!  If you are looking for a tasty meal but don't want to spend a fortune (and it's very easy to do that in Vegas Strip restaurants!), this is a great place just a few minutes East of the strip on Tropicana.  It's very popular, and a lot of locals eat there (we saw cast members from one of the shows), and the interior is whimsically designed by Liberace - mirrors, strings of white lights dangling from everything, Italian fountains.  The recorded music features showtunes and jazz standards sung by greats such as Frank Sinatra, Bobby Darin, and even Rod Stewart, but I believe they have live music as well (maybe during happy hour).  It's dark in the dining area, but the thousands of string lights and candles on the table create a nice romantic glow.  The food was very yummy, and very inexpensive for how good it was.  I had the Cavatelli pasta (a curved tubular pasta  a little like Penne with a break in it) with Marinara and CLEANED my plate.  My husband had spaghetti with meat sauce and mushrooms, and he liked his a lot as well.  We shared fried calamari with marinara.  The pasta dishes were $9 each, and my husband took most of his home!  We love Italian food, and for the price, this is one of the best in Vegas.  We barely spent $30 for the both of us, which is great because we went to an Italian restaurant in a hotel restaurant on the Strip, and spent $50 per person!!  I wish we had gone to Carluccio's for Valentine's Day, because the ambience is romantic yet fun.  It is nothing fancy, but they do basics very well.  I would like to go back to try their fish dishes (other entrees are priced between $12 and $20).  Like Italian food?  Then you MUST try Carluccio's!
2	Be forewarned: they are very heavy in their sauces, and you can order light sauce. This would have been helpful to us if we had known before hand. With that being said, this place was a disappointment.  It's Italian food with upscale pricing, but low scale food quality. I've never been to an Italian restaurant where they serve prepackaged butter with their bread sticks. The food was covered in their sauce, and it looks like you received a bowl of sauce. They do serve a lot of food, and we were like every table there: taking food home in a container. The ambiance was very dark and loud. Dress ranged from formal to tshirt casual. The staff was very friendly, though. In the end, I don't think I'd make another visit here on my next Vegas trip.
4	Best service I have had in a long time.  He cared and made sure everyone was having a good time and meant it......Food was excellent for the price ($9-12 for all meals) and the place is all lit up.....You need to go here if you want to get off the strip.....It is a good experience inside as well as outside with the neon piano
3	alright, so...here's the deal... if you're looking for something a bit different experience wise, that's not super vegas strip typical fare, this is definitely the place to visit. the experience? a visual buffet. the food? average.the food is moderately good. i've had way worse, but it's not amazing. the red sauce is somewhat bland and slightly tangy, which is definitely not my style.the portion size was huge. we had the veal florentine and chicken parmesan. the veal was so super tender and moist. the chicken was alright. was it worth it just for the strange Liberace ambiance and casual no frills attitude? absolutely. it looks like this was the place where all the mobsters would eat. flashing bulbs on the ceilings and brown brick walls with yellow windows. everyone in the place was having a great time, laughing it up, getting loud and boisterous, which is a good sign.i admit it, the next morning i wished i hadn't wasted a vegas meal on this place, but i'll surely never forget it. i think the lights have been burned into my memory forever.
4	I have driven by  Carluccio's many times over the past 20 yrs and always wanted to try it but never got around to it. It always seemed to have an old school vibe which I like. Picked up my uncle for an early dinner and he suggested  Carluccio's, he said it was very good. Works for me. Really cool decor, very nice and attentive staff. I had the ceasar salad which was cold and dressed perfectly. I think the crutons may have been homemade. Moved onto the meat stuffed ravioli which was great. The portions are large as one expects at Italian and Mexican restaurants. Had to take half home and eat the next day. When you walk into the door, the smell of garlic hits you, which is a good sign! I thought it was priced right, $9 and up. I will be back!
4	This is actually a 3.5 star review and I'm giving Carluccio's a bonus by rounding to 4. Embarrassing that having lived in Vegas, I had no idea Carluccio's existed. Some friends from Phoenix came down and wanted to meet at Carluccio's for a group dinner. When I arrived at the parking lot, I was in awe. This place was ostentatious and gorgeous....just the way I like it. I felt like I was in on an old Vegas secret and someone was going to hand me a briefcase full of cash for me to do something illegal with. Carluccio's is right next to the Liberace museum (something I need to go see) and apparently Liberace designed the interior. The interior was gold all over, hanging lights, dark lighting, dark carpets....I loved it. This is a great place to have a small dinner/family gathering. Now for the food/service. Service was average. My water glass was always full, the waiter took our order fast and the service was pleasant. Unfortunately, the waiter we had made me nervous. I asked if the Caesar salad was vegetarian and he said yes. Then I confirmed if it had anchovies (as many authentic Ceasars do) and he said "Oh yeah...it does." But he was quick to tell me the other dressings that would suit me. The food also took forever to come out. I ordered a mixed green salad with thousand island (side salad) and an eggplant parmigiana. The mixed green came with about a gallon of thousand island on it rendering it inedible. I like my dressing but I also like to see my salad. Perhaps I should have ordered dressing on the side but I did not expect that much. The eggplant parmigiana (served with spaghetti with marinara) was very good. Fried to the right extent and with a gorgeous piece of melted mozzarella on top and drowned in tasty marinara, this was comfort food that hit all the right stops. Everyone else on the table thoroughly enjoyed their meals. The portion sizes were huge. I mean, I could have eaten my parmigiana for about 4 meals. No exaggeration here. I later realized that they do have half orders for some of the menu. So ask about that if you're a light eater. The meal was also priced very very reasonably. My parmigiana was 12.99 and my husband's spaghetti with marinara was 8.99. The dinner also came with a magician who entertained us for a little bit. The guy was pretty good at what he did (card tricks, disappearing money that appears somewhere incredible later) and added to a fun night. Highly recommend this place for a unique group event/dinner. I'm definitely coming when my girlfriends make a trip here. I know they'd appreciate the decor (over-the-top and dark). I'd like to mention here that some girls at the group ordered cocktails that were apparently awful. The waiter did take the cocktails back. Maybe you might want to stick to wine with your meal.
4	i had the best Chicken Marcela ever. The spaghetti with meet sauce was nothing to rave about. Prices are great.
5	I can't enough about this place as where to go to show out of town guests a piece of classic Las Vegas. Anyplace named "I Lov it" spelled backward by Liberace is worth a try especially if you remember his shows. We went as a group and sat in the piano bar room. The owner was happy to show us all of the great Liberace memorabilia and where when the place was owned by Liberace he liked to sit. Our food was fantastic! I had the chicken livers tarragon. This was the recommendation of our server for something unique from their menu. It was fantastic tremendously filling with lots of garlic, butter, good wine, and perfectly prepared tender livers. If you are a fan of liver (I know it is not everyone's favorite) this is the meal for you. Kelly our bartender knows all of the classic cocktails and talked us into trying an Italian margarita. She also can make the champagne drinks Liberace loved so much. This is a great place for a good classic cocktail. The restaurant is not your typical pub for Las Vegas. No video poker machines, no blaring televisions, you go here and talk to the rest of your party. Compared to the strip food the portions are generous and reasonably priced. Families are welcome and seated in a separate section of the restaurant for a traditional family dinner. Then we saw some secret booths at the front which reminded us of down-low mob meeting places where nobody is going to see you spill the goods to the feds. An evening at Carluccios makes me rejoice in that for once Las Vegas has embraced its' history and the owners of this place have decided to keep kitsch alive!
5	This is my favorite Italian restaurant in Vegas. I am here a few times a year visiting family and whenever I am this is always on my list of places to go.  The staff has always been friendly, and the food has never disappointed me.  The bread is really good too!
1	I've been to Carluccio's several times, the last being on January 24, 2011.  Unlike prior experiences, I was less than satisfied.  The Casaer Salads were watery and when complained and asked that they be replaced we got more of the same.  I had Spaghetti & meatballs as my entree.  The meatballs and sauce were bland and there was probably a quarter of a cup of pasta water in my plate.  I didn't bother complaining.  I think they lost a customer.
5	Can't say much more than what everyone else has already said - as far as old school Vegas Italian food places go, this is my favorite spot in town.  How can you go wrong with good, solid food and a Liberace designed interior? Calories be damned this time I went for the Shrimp Alfredo - which was absolutely stellar.  Wide ribbon noodles in a decadent, thick alfredo sauce that was seriously one of the best I've ever had.  The portions are HUGE - so I have left-overs for lunch today!  My husband had the Shrimp Oreganado which looked fabulous with a side of spaghetti - he liked it so much he polished it off.  He may as well have licked the plate. If you go - don't forget to take a peek in the piano lounge (supposedly the most haunted room in Vegas according to the magician performing there).   A charming room with twinkle lights in the ceiling, a piano-shaped bar, classic white Eero Saarinen Tulip chairs, and a fabulous mirrored piano a la Liberace!  Thursday happy hour has live music too!  Prices are reasonable - our party of four got out for half of what we paid a month ago at Casa Di Amore down the street.Can't wait to go back - as Liberace's theme song would say...."I'll Be Seeing You"...definitely.
5	OMG I cant say enough about this place. Was in town heard about this place so we decided to try it out. We heard about if from the man who does the Vegas ghost tours. There was nine of us and we ALL LOVED the place. We LOVED it soooo much we went back the next night ;-)  John the owner was so nice he told of all about the ghost stories. John and his staff are so nice. They have a magican that comes around the table. He was really good - sorry cant remember your name ;-(  The food was so good and they give you so much. The pasta primavera was the best I ever had. The bartender is the best. I will be back everytime I go to Vegas. If i could give it more stars I would. John - your crew and you are FANTASTIC keep up the good work.
3	I guess I need someone to tell me just what is good here food-wise (perhaps next time I should check out the Yelp reviews first). But the ambiance is totally awesome. So it evens out to 3 stars.I finally got around to eating here last weekend as part of my date night. We hadn't read anything about it and, thus, had no idea what to expect. As soon as we walked in, we were in love. This place perfectly represents that image of "old Vegas" I have in my head. It was outlandish while also warm and welcoming. I could just picture Liberace eating here. I could also imagine the Rat Pack, mobsters, etc. eating here as it just seemed so fitting of all of them.We started off our dining experience with the calamari. Unfortunately, it wasn't even edible. We had little doubt that it came straight out of a box from the frozen food aisle. 1 star. For entrees, I opted for the cavatelli (it had an icon indicating it as one of their signature dishes) and my husband had the gnocchi. The menu described the cavatelli as "sauteed" and with meat sauce. What I was served was neither sauteed nor meat sauce. I almost asked if I was served the wrong thing, but since our server was the wife of the owner, I felt bad saying anything. The pasta was too mushy, the sauce wasn't very good at all, and I barely tasted any cheese. My date declared it inedible. I nibbled at it a bit, but refused a take home box. 1 star. My date's gnocchi was ok, but also not cooked properly. 2 stars. And 1 star too for the wine list.At the end of our meal, our server explained the history of the restaurant and gave us the lay of the land so to speak. It was great to walk around and see all the different rooms (love the bar area!) and all of the pictures (especially the ghost pictures). The place itself is most definitely 5 stars. And that fact alone will bring us back here and have us recommending it to visitors.
5	We had a 50 anniverasy here for my grandparents. They accomdated us very well. We had a private room with all our close family and friends. We were able to drop the  cake off early and they stored it for us. Wine was on the tables and food was delish. We had a couple options to choose from. It was perfect for my grandparents as they are fans when coming to Las Vegas from california!!
5	Comfortable & quiet.  I feel nurtured in this joint.  I eat in the bar so I can feel close to the piano (weird, I know).  I don't go for the food, but it is enjoyable.  The chicken marsala has an eclectic sweet taste which is refreshing.PS.  Don't call old Vegas tacky, it's Fabulous Las Vegas, not "7 shades of Beige" Las Vegas.RIP Liberace
5	Just off the strip, and miles away from "the strip".If you want real food, real people and real Vegas spend and evening at Carluccio's.  The food is delicious, the portions are generious and the service is warm and comfortable.  Don't waste your time walking through another casino to get some half warmed over chain style "italian".  Oh, and the price!?! PERFECT.
5	This is a wonderful, hidden treasure!  I've driven by there a thousand times and even went to the Liberace museum when it was still open.  However, I didn't think to try the restaurant until my mom bought a dining deal.  I went with my parents and had this old school, throw back Italian meal.  My mom had the lasagna, a la carte.  Huge piece came out!  I doubt you could eat much more than that portion.  She took half of it to go.  My dad ordered a shrimp and spinach dish (I can't remember the name of it).  I tried a couple bites and it was very good.  I had this shrimp and garlic dish (can't remember the specific name of it either) but it was very good.  In fact, I took a piece of bread and mopped up the rest of the sauce!  Every meal comes with a side of spaghetti and marinara.  I was too full to eat it but my dad said it was very good.  A couple weeks later, my husband and I went for their Thursday night happy hour.  It's so wonderful to go into the bar area.  If you like anything that sparkles, you'll love this place!  The bar is a white piano and sparkles from the ceiling to the floor!  They also have live music on Thursday nights.  Not sure if they have different acts, but the night we were there the people were very talented.Minimum, my husband and I will be back for their happy hour.  I'm sure we'll make it for dinner too!
4	Sometimes when I go to an older place like this I have to decide if it is a run down dump or if it authentic and charming.  Carluccio's has the old school charm!The place is by the now derelict Liberace Museum on east Tropicana.  I am guessing it has been here for 20-30 years which is a long time by Vegas standards, so it has some history.  The place has brick walls, old school burgandy colored booths, custom wood door, dark wood in the bar area and I loved the black and red tiles in the bathroom.  It has a bar area, restaurant area and we sat in the atrium area at a table.  The hostess and waitress were very friendly.  The menu was typical of a Italian joint.  The prices seemed reasonable.  I ordered the meatballs and sausage plate.  It was a large offering with a side of pasta.  Very tasty - the meat sauce was right on!  I tried a friends chicken parm - that was tasty.  Huge servings at reasonable prices!  Carlucio's is so not corporate and that's why I really like it!
5	We went there for dinner the other night, being in Vegas for the weekend.  We had driven by a couple of times, and had it pointed out during the "Haunted Vegas" tour a couple years ago.Putting it simply; the food was incredible!  Being from NY, I am an Italian food snob, and this was some of the best I have ever had.  I had the veal scallopini, my wife had the chicken marsala and we were in heaven!  Then, we had the canolis for dessert!!!The service was fantastic as well.  The place was pretty busy, but service was quick and friendly and the atmosphere was a lot of fun.  This is definitely a place we will visit again next time we are in Vegas.
4	Food is great as is the service.  The restaurant is large so there is usually no wait.  This is a great family spot.  Give it a try.
5	This place was awesome. A+ service. The shrimp parmigiana is good
5	Best Chicken Parmesan in town!!!  Not to mention the awesome service.
4	Wow!  Who would have thought that the iconic "carluccio's" would ever close their doors?  This was one of the last old school Las Vegas establishments.  My grandfather used to own a butcher shop right next to their old location in the Liberace Plaza back in the 70's and 80's.  When I found out they moved into a shared location in Henderson, it was at that time I knew they were going under.  What an absolute shame.  I always wonder what happened.  The quality after they moved changed considerably, so I'm voting on how they were a few years ago.
