5	Ed and the team at The Drummond group were great to work with throughout the entire home-buying experience. They were there from beginning to end and we couldn't have asked for a more smooth process. They are extremely knowledgeable and made sure all our questions were answered and we felt confident with our purchase decision. Communication was constant so we never felt like we were left alone. I would absolutely recommend them whether you want to buy or sell. They are complete professionals from top to bottom and they made buying a home a positive experience. If I ever needed a realty group I would have no hesitation on where I would go!
5	As an attorney, I have needed to find a real estate company that can handle my client's needs. The Drummond Group has gone above and beyond what has been expected. They have helped manage properties for clients, helped others find homes and also worked with clients needing to sell their properties. Ed and Evan are great to work with. They follow through on what they promise. Also, if you have any questions whether a short sale is for you or not, these are the people to ask. They are up to date on all the different programs.
5	We absolutely recommend Ed Drummond and his team. Right from the start we realized that he had numerous attributes that set him apart from other real estate agents.  When we emailed him initially, he replied within the hour to arrange a follow-up call and by the next day he had a portal ready, complete with our home preferences. We quickly developed a strong trust in him and established a familiarity like that of old friends. However, never once did Ed appear unprofessional. Being new to the home buying process, there was a great deal that we did not know but he made the journey smooth and worthwhile. When there was a listing that we had interest in, Ed called right away to get the most up to date information for us. He then kept in contact with the listing agent, even if there was another offer. Ultimately, the home that we purchased was one that he suggested that we look at. It did not stand out to us by the listing information but once he showed us the home in person we knew instantly that it was meant for us. We were in the home by the end of the month, and considering it was a short sale, that is an outstanding time line. Even after closing Ed continued to guide us through first time home ownership with home vendor recommendations and answered any questions that we had. Ed is an exceptional real estate broker and he truly has the clients' best interest in mind. In everything he does, he goes above and beyond while being charismatic and dependable. We definitely recommend Ed Drummond to anyone looking to buy, sell or rent.
5	I am a fellow agent in the Phoenix Market and I send all of my property management clients to Ed and the Drummond Group at Capstone Realty.  I know that my clients will be well taken care of and I know that Ed will make sure to handle my clients needs and treat them with the upmost respect.  Ed and Evan are a class act and always look out for their clients best interest.  I highly recommend The Drummond group for all your Property Management needs.
5	I have worked with Ed and the entire Drummond Group for a couple years now and it is not often that I am impressed with a real estate team and how well it operates. From the resale purchase clients to property management I know that when I send a client their way they are sure to follow up in a timely manner and give professional service. Thanks Drummond Group for being a partner I can rely on!
5	We were blessed to find Ed in our search for our first home in the Phoenix West valley area. We met Ed on a Saturday to tell him what we wanted and he showed us a few homes.  Later that week he found exactly what we were looking for and even went so far as checking out the property on his own time.  He made our first time home buying experience easy. Highly recommend him to anyone and will definitely be using him for future home purchases!
5	The team at the Drummond Group is amazing. I wish I would have found them sooner. I was looking for someone to manage a rental property in Tempe and was very skepitcal in the begining with property management in general. Evan and Ed answered all my questions and made me feel at ease. We decided to sell the property instead of rent it and the process was very smooth. Ed, Evan, and Natalie kept me updated every step of the way. This team is 2nd to none and I HIGHLY recommend them.
5	Capstone Realty is an awesome team!  They earned my trust & loyalty by holding my hand through the entire process!  The searching for the right home and buying process can be stressful, but Ed, Evan and Natalie's communications with me were always ON, honest and enthusiastic!  I truly appreciated them being there as amazing support during an important life event.
