5	I needed an oil change went in and they were busy so I made an appointment to come back later. When I arrived they were still swamped. I sat for a bit and the new Manager Brent noticed me being uncomfortable with the wait and came to speak with me.  I told him I was short on time and he made it work for me. Customer service? Hard to believe! Brent, Great job I will be back!!
1	ugg, 3rd bad experience out of 3 here.  Doesn't that mean they struck out.  1st time went in to get an oil change and it took them 1 1/2.  They wouldn't rotate my tires because the front were too bald, then the manager who is a jerk forced an upsell of a transmission flush on me, we agreed to 80 then he switched it to 85 and said no we agreed on 85.  2nd time I went for an oil change at 7:30 and they were suppose to open.  Employees came to me and said the manger was going to be late and won't be there until 8:15 so I left.3rd time went at 7:30 again was the only one there for 15 minutes.  they said oil change would take 1 1/2 hours because of appointments even though they were sitting their for 15 minutes before the 1st appointment showed up.  so they finished the oil change just over 1 1/2 hours, I go back home and noticed it's smoking a lot, open the hood and they didn't put back the oil cap so I had a huge puddle of oil on my garage and all over my engine.  So took it back from them to clean, that took them 40 minutes to do.  I asked the manager if they topped off the oil since it all went spraying all over the place, he snapped back at me and said not all your oil spilled out.  I said duh but a lot did and I want to make sure it's full.  He said anything else.  I said yes you can give me a refund. he said for what, i said for wasting 1 1/2 hours of my time, the the oil on my garage floor, he said he couldn't give me a refund and needed to talk to the owner who wasn't there of course and was on vacation and didn't know when he would be back and reluctantly gave me the owners name, I said put a note in your system what happened, he said he did but not sure if I can believe that.I'm done with this place, not worth trying to save $10 on an oil change.  The manager needs a real lesson in customer service and their employees need to step up their game and stop moving like sloths.
1	So my story starts about a month and half ago with a simple oil change and tire rotation. I dropped my car off and was told hour and half wait, no big deal I was leaving it there. I came back and picked up my vehicle and left. About a week  later my CV Half Shaft went out and I went to fix it myself. When taking the tire off I noticed that the lugnuts all wear damaged and rounded off making taking the tire off quite difficult. Further inspection revealed that 4 lugnuts had had the crome cap taken completely off. Previously being in the mechanic field I check the torque of the lugnuts on all wheels and found them torqued to 190ft/lbs. My car's torque spec is 76 ft/lbs so this was an extreme over torque situation probably caused by using a impact gun and not hand tighten the lugnuts. So I contacted the store manager/owner who proceeded to argue with me and state that they couldn't even torque the lugnuts that high with their impact tools. So I took over my vehicle to him and showed him using my torque wrench that the wheels were indeed torque to 190ft/lbs. I also showed him the damaged lugnuts which he stated that he would only fix the damaged ones and would not replace all the lugnuts that he could fix himself. At this point I was frustrated that a mechanic shop couldn't do a simple oil and tire rotation job without messing it up. So I asked the owner to personally take care of this and he stated that he would fix it. So I drop off my car first thing in the morning on a Saturday. It tells me he has a lot of appointments but shouldn't be too long. Saturday afternoon about an hour before the shop closes he calls and says that its ready. I arrived and he tells me that he went ahead and replaced all the lugnuts to make me happy. I thank him and go on about my way. So that brings us to the present. On Saturday, March 16, 2013, I take my car to a local tire shop to have my tires replace. I get a call a couple hours later telling me the lugnuts that are on my car are the wrong style and are causing damage to the wheel lug holes. So I drive to the shop and sure enough the lugnuts that were placed on are acorn style and the vehicle clearly needs to had mag style lugnuts. I call the owner of Midas and explain the situation. He tells me that this little mom and pop shop is just trying to sell me lugnuts. I then went and showed the owner the lugnuts that is on the vehicle and the ones that are required for the vehicle. He then clearly sees that there is a huge difference. Just a little side note here this type of mess up can actually cause the lugnuts to not stay torque which could result in the wheel coming off while driving causing a accident with possibly injury/death. He then shows me that my vehicle calls for three different styles ranging from $1.99 a piece to $3.99 a piece. The ones that are required for my vehicle is the $3.99 a piece he placed the $1.99 on my vehicle. I asked him if he double checked the parts and he stated that it was towards the end of the day and I wanted to get it done so I just put them on, I did not check them to see if they matched. He then asks me to step inside the garage where he tells me I could tell you to just piss off right now and you would have nothing you could due. I told him that I would at that point contact Midas corporate and he stated good luck I'm privately owned. I then explained that then I would just contact a lawyer for the wheel damage and have those replaced if he didn't want to fix the problem. He then said that he wasn't going to eat it on the second time around so he would call his parts guy and I would have to wait till he got the lugnuts in. An hour and 45 mins later I had my lugnuts and returned to the tire shop and go the job completed. Word of caution if the manager/owner doesn't check anything over then more than likely neither does his employees. This is the last place I would take my vehicle to, to get service done.
1	Horrible customer service and HORRIBLE time management.I came in this morning at 730 am, right when they opened. Only one other person here at the same time, he got here 2 mins before me. I ask for a basic oil change and tire rotation, so does the other guy. It takes them 15 mins just to get my paperwork ready and get my info. At 745am, the guy helping me says the car will be ready "within 30 mins, 45 tops". It's 850 am and he's still working on the tire rotation, don't even think he's done the oil change yet. The guy who got here before me was in and out in 30 mins. There's 3 guys working here and I AM STILL WAITING FOR MY VEHICLE. Meanwhile, the guy I assume is the manager, has already taken 4 smoke breaks!!! Beyond angry. It's very simple, DO NOT QUOTE A TIME YOU CANNOT KEEP. Better yet, stop dicking around and do your job. There's 3 guys here, the shop was dead, it shouldn't take over an hour and a half to get a simple oil change and tire rotation. I am NEVER coming here again.
