3	If not for the disappointing desserts, I would have given 4 stars.I went with a Groupon coupon tonight. The service was good and the quality of the food top notch. Everything was fresh, service attentive but not clingy.The dessert was supposed to be a dessert of the day, the server advised was chocolate mousse. Not.What arrived at our table was a 3" x 3" x 1"  of chocolate cake (bought - not homemade). In what reality is that a value of $9? While the fried Gnocchi served with chocolate hazelnut sauce, sounded way more than it was, it was dense heavy and lackluster, they looked like 4 toasted marshmallows on the plate. We were pretty full so made no complaint.Two of us started with Ceasar salad with pancetta and parmesan shavings, beautiful presentation, Caprini Salad - Mix of endives, pears, sundried tomatoes and goat cheese - looked better than it tasted, Caprese Salad- Sliced tomatoes with Buffalo Mozzarella - great eye appeal very subtle flavor.Foie Gras was no way near as rich as I've experienced. Scallops au Pernod was subtle and fragrant - a delight. Duck carpaccio ($15 ) was surprisingly lean, still tasty.Italian sausage - more of rolls of ground meat - with homemade dip ($9 ) Fried Calamari was a very generous portion.Grilled garlic shrimp was served with a lemony sauce with chives? My friend short of licked it off the plate.Lamb chops were juicy and not overcooked.All-in-all a good time was had by all. We'd return with another coupon. This place is a bit pricey.
3	The ambiance was great. The service was great.  The wine was great. Unfortunately, the food was nothing to write home about.
1	I must say this is another of the numerous times that I am disappointed with the customer service in Montreal, but this time it was not only disappointing but also kind of insulting. We went with the Groupon offer to experience the Tapas tasting menu. I must say that the food is okay, but my reason for the 1 star review was the poor service we experienced. I have been in the restaurant business for 20 years and I understand how sometimes one single employee can ruin the reputation of a restaurant, and it shouldn't be that way. I write this review with the hope that the people that run the restaurant read it and acknowledge that the staff should treat the customers as their one and only priority, and that good customer service is the best way to get new referrals that will help grow the business. Montreal is a multicultural city and therefore, what a entree means to one culture could mean different to another culture. When I asked for the beef tartare, I had no idea it was made of raw meat, since in my country it is cooked. When I asked the waiter if he could change it since I had no clue it was raw, he just looked at me with a  bad expression and said "somebody has got to pay for that" in a very rude way. I had not even tried the tartare; I just asked if it could be exchanged. Then, when I asked if it could be cooked a little bit at least, he again gave me that same negative look and did not handle the situation with care and patience. When my boyfriend decided to eat it and try it, I assumed that was going to be the end of it, but it was not. The waiter stopped by again trying to blame us for our mistake, naturally making fun of us. He asked me if I wanted to see the menu again and I just said no. I did not even want to look at the guy. I had never been treated like that anywhere else. When he came with the bill, we saw the $4 dollars that we had to pay for the taxes, which was perfectly fine, but then underneath the total amount, there was this other handwritten amount (about $9). When we asked what that was for he said it was for "the service". I was really in shock and just wanted to leave that place. Since when do restaurants in Montreal add a handwritten and compulsory service fee to the bills? My boyfriend literally laughed out loud when he saw that. We paid and just left the place. We went to another restaurant and spent $50 in food that we could have easily spent at Cielo Tapas if we had been treated properly. I hope the service here changes and that customers get treated with respect. In the meantime, I just do not recommend the place, merely for the bad service that waiter provided.
