4	A very cozy little place to sit and have a great lunch.  They have a pretty simple setup, so it doesn't look like anything fancy but they have a lot to offer.  This place specializes in great deli style sandwiches.  Their sandwiches are really big and filling, and made with Boar's Head meat that's just so tasty.  They only use gourmet cheese as well, so you are sure find something good.  Their roast beef is the best I've had in a long time.  The service was really fast and friendly, and I had a great time.
4	This is the perfect hole in the wall deli.  I believe they are only open for lunch.  When it gets busy, it can take a bit of time, but it's worth the wait.  I highly recommend the EVIL HR sandwich.  But, they have a lot of others, and you could always build your own as well.  The sandwiches come with a small dixie cup full of potato salad or macaroni salad, which are both excellent.  They also have Dr Brown's sodas available, if you don't want fountain drinks.  Seriously, the food is delicious, and service is friendly.
5	My mom owns this place. She takes a lot of pride in what she does and does all she can to serve a great product. She appreciates every customer and will know your name by your second or third visit there. If you're a big supporter of the local small business, try it out. My personal favorite is the Little Italy's Wish...or request a grill-pressed wrap if you're looking for something on the lighter side!
4	My boss and I go here every week. This place is clean fast and consistent they know us by name... Beyond that, they have the best club sandwich in Charlotte.
4	This literally is a hole in the wall. Sometimes restaurants want to be a hole in the wall,  this is a basic sandwich shop without trying. Boar's Head meats, perfect amount sandwiches, meat, cheese and bread ratio, so if you like those mile high sandwiches that you aren't able to bite, this is not that place. I ordered a Shamrock, a variation of the Ruben. Layered corned beef, swiss, Russian dressing on marbled rye bread. I added cole slaw. It was prepared with love. My sandwich came with a tiny Dixie cup of potato salad, sweet tea, all for $10.   Harrigan's easily could get overlooked, located in a shopping center off of South Blvd. Well worth a visit.
