4	So I snatched up a really nice deal on Groupon for a facial last month. I already had a $10.00 coupon with them to apply to my next purchase, and the total for my Groupon came out to a cool $17.00 after applying it. Admittedly, I was a bit hesitant to make this particular purchase on the basis that it was low in price and I assumed that meant the service wouldn't be as good compared to the other offers, but boy was I mistaken. I would be remiss to not acknowledge just how bomb Ms. Delma is. She really is freaking awesome! She was kind, prompt, knowledgeable in her aesthetic craft, and will have you cracking up just as much as the Pillsbury Dough Boy on the new Geico  commercial (check it out if you haven't seen it LOL).  I couldn't even  focus on the relaxation part of the treatment because every other minute I'd be laughing uncontrollably. I came in to see her for my 25th and this really was a real treat. She gives so many tips on how to better care for your face, and the information is priceless. Needless to say this experience over-exceeded my expectations. Groupon or no Groupon, I will be returning to her for all of my skin and body care. - Peace P.S. She works out of Cache Salon at the above address.
5	my sister has been having problems with her scars and has tried everything and so she stumbled upon a groupon for a facial and asked if I wanted to join her. I am usually skeptical about facials because I have had it done at several places (expensive spas as well) before and never had a great one. I reluctantly agreed thinking it's just 90 minutes and why not.  After the first facial by Delma, I could tell there was a difference and my skin felt rejuvenated and soft. I have been coming back to her for months now and been getting the enzyme treatment and my face has never felt more vibrant.       My sister's scars are almost unnoticeable and her face has cleared up so much that it surprised everyone  especially after she tried everything even medical procedures that costs a lot.        Her prices are very reasonable. I would have had to pay for a lot more if we had gone to a spa on the strip.        She also advises you on how to take care of your face. . Delma tells you step by step what she is doing so you know what she is doing an why. she even quizzes me on it during next appointments.        We also got out younger, teenage sisters to go and they have learned how to take care of their face and even their face cleared up. And since they attend school outside of Las Vegas, we make it a point for them to see her when they come down.     highly recommended. I'm glad I have her to help me with my skin issues.
5	When I first bought this Groupon for a facial w/Delma I gotta admit I was a bit nervous since it was so cheap! But Delma is absolutely amazing!! I've always had acne & a really red face so a lot of times other places have just irritated my face but not Delma!  She really knows how to make your face better. She has so much knowledge of skin care & even gives you tips on how to continue taking care of your face on your own. Every time I leave this place my face looks amazing & feels like a baby's butt!! Never red, I promise!! I continue going back to her because my face has honestly gotten so much better since I met Delma! She's also a sweetheart! A must go to facial place!
1	I have never posted a review on yelp before, and as the daughter of a stylist, I am usually very supportive of those in the beauty industry. I should also note that I did not actually experience a facial by Delma.  I am writing this for people who purchase a groupon from her for a facial. I had purchased a groupon in November, and realized too late that it expired on February 3. I called this morning (feb. 7, four days after the expiration) and left a message simply politely asking what my options were. I have never used groupon so I thought, why not go straight to the source to clairify the situation. I saw that Delma was still running a new groupon deal for the exact same price. I would be a new client, having never been to her before. I was wondering, since the deal is still running, if there was anyway she could extend my expired groupon, or how any of that worked. I must say, she returned my call, quite promptly, and left two messages. She was very on top of that. Unfortunately, she isn't able to extend (or unwilling i honestly don't know which) my groupon price for a facial. I can understand and respect that. Even though it only expired 4 days ago. And it is a deal she is still running. What I cannot respect was her tone of voice, and her rudeness in her messages. This is where she lost all potential for a new, returning client. She left me two messages, and in a condicending, aggressive tone of voice, explained to me that because my groupon expired, I can't just "buy a new one, those are for NEW clients only." (Hello, I AM a new client, I have never been there before, or used the expired groupon) and she also explained that I could buy another but only use is as a gift. My other option is to book my facial, and use my $27 groupon as a credit. The facial is $55 dollars, so I would have to pay $28 dollars more to her (more than the amount of the original groupon). Now, I am a reasonable person. I can understand her dilemma, and yes, my groupon was expired. I can respect that. What I can't understand was her tone. She seemed completely annoyed by my stupidity for not better knowing how groupon worked. She said serveral times, I needed to go to the groupon site because it said all of this there. She made me feel like I wasted her time. I was simply trying to build a repore with her (moot point evidently). I also would like to say, that while I respect deadlines and expiration dates, she could have worked with me a bit on this. Making me pay full price, while she still has the promotion going on? I am a new client, so it's not like I would be taking advantage of her offers. I would have been happy with a few dollars off, not even the full groupon price. Needless to say, I have zero interest in calling her back. She honestly kind of scared me with her tone. Not someone I want in charge of a relaxing spa facial treatment. I would rather throw my $27 credit away than give her one more penny. I know this may sound harsh, but honestly, how would you feel? I just was so turned off by the experience, and I wanted to let others know before they purchased. Also, I am sure she gives amazing facials, but that is something I have no interest in now. I just don't think I would ever feel comfortable being a client. Not after this. Best of luck, and hopefully she and others can take something positive from this post and see that maybe paying attention expiration dates (on the clients side) and better customer service (on her side) might be something to improve on.
1	I purchased a Groupon and made many attempts to make an appointment with Delma. I also left multiple voicemail messages. Not once did she try to contact me or even pick up the phone. I decided to refund the Groupon.
