5	Between these guys and K & C Hobbies, we really don't need any other shops.  The attitude here is always excellent and helpful.  They've spent a lot of time helping us tweak our helicopters and cars.  Prices aren't as cheap as online, but are reasonable on most items and the great service makes it well worth it.
3	Ok paint selection and limited scale model and railroad items Good on hobby tools and RC products. assistance varies per visit. I'd you know what you need they are good. Also very limited casting products.
2	Went there today and it was the same as a year ago when I last went there so I will continue to order online or travel farther to other hobby shops. The service is poor, The store is dirty and unorganized, limited stock in heli's and parts, counters are covered with junk so you can't see items on the shelves in the display cases and the place has a bad smell which is a turn off. I have been into many Hobby Towns from the Mid West to the West coast and this is the worst one I have ever been in.
4	Nice bunch of guys. They know there stuff. I bought a used Jato and sadly it had kore broken pieces than the guy mentioned so I made math stops there this weekend and every time they were kore than helpful. They had all the parts I needed... Not wanted kind you... They said they could offer them but I passed cuz it's a little cheaper online. There prices are way better than Hobby Destination...  HD is way expensive... Hobby Town is slightly kore but it's there when you need it right away and they will help you inside to make sure you don't get the wrong stuff. Thanks guys! I'll he back I'm sure...
1	The absolute worst customer service.  I spent $156 in RC parts to include a set of TRAXXAS JATO Front and Rear Wheel sets as a Christmas present to a family member.  As it turns out, the wheel set was purchased in error and asked for a refund ($33/set).  Upon calling the day after Christmas to see if the store was open, I was surprised at the lack of customer service and overall rudeness of the store manager (for which his father is the owner).  He said, "don't you read the reciept...no exchanges for store credit only". I said that how would I know that if the reciept is handed to me after the purchase...not before.  He then said, "It's a store policy not to provide refunds... it's written on the back of our register".  Again, I don't normally read everything posted in a store.  Why didn't they inform me verbally of this policy before purchasing the items?  The overall demeanor of this guy was absolutely unacceptable and I will NEVER BUY ANOTHER PRODUCT FROM THIS STORE AGAIN!  I would NEVER recommend anyone to go there.  You'll find prices and service much cheaper online.  Read these reviews and you'll see that Hobby Town USA in Gilbert Arizona don't deserve OUR business.  I ususally don't bother with reviews, but these people pushed me over the line....I will do my best to place my honest review in every site available to expose the truth about this business.  Next call will be to the Hobby Town corporate office...they need to know that their name is being trashed in Gilbert, AZ.
