1	The first I had heard of True Harmony was by purchasing a massage voucher through Livingsocial.com.  It's near my home plus the offer was a good deal so I thought I would give it a try.  The receptionist was challenged in booking the appointment.  Oddly enough, they asked for my marital status during the booking process.  I cannot understand the relevance and the question just made the experience feel weird.  When I showed at my appointment time, I was told they had incorrectly booked me and it was for the following day.  I had moved my day around to be there and they had just expected me to come back the next day despite their error.  I was not offered an apology or even the slightest concern for my inconvenience.  I cancelled my purchase and I wont be returning.  I cannot afford to set aside time and not have that respected.
4	While I have not taken part in the services this center offers, I wanted to give a shout-out because they were cool enough to host a La Leche League meet here a while back. :)Thank-you!It's a little complicated to find their suite in the office complex so be sure to get precise directions before your appt!Might see you there.
5	I have only have one service at True Harmony, but I am definitely going back for more! I was having some severe sciatica on the left side of my lower back and leg that had been going on for weeks. A friend of mine suggested I go see one of their massage therapists since she was awesome. I booked my appt and went in. I CAN NOT remember her name.....sorry, but she was awesome! She took the time to ask about my pain and history, and what I have been doing to try to correct the problem. Then she suggested that I get a Cranial Sacral Massage. I loved it! Yes it did hurt a bit because I was already in pain, but she was able to give me additional mobility in my lower back and helped to reduce the pain I was in. She also gave me some tips for where to ice my back and for how long. The staff was very knowledgeable and helpful. I purchased a gift certificate for a different girlfriend who also has some back issues. She hasn't used it yet, but I'll report back when she does:) My next appt will be another massage and a facial! I'm so excited!!!!
5	Dr. Brass delivered both of my babies, my cousins, sister-in-law and multiple friends babies, all of whom I've referred!  She is an awesome doctor and her PA Mary Ann is just as wonderful!  I will never go to another OB/GYN, I love this practice!
2	I really loved this place at first. Started with a complementary Belly Dance class, Sheri is an awesome gal. Then I moved into having my yearlys with Mary Anne. She was attentive to my life and she had a great presence about her. Spent time talking to me and keeping notes. I met Dr Jones once in that time and was less than impressed with her bedside mannor but hey, I had the choice to see Mary Anne instead, so I did.  My biggest issues were the front desk staff had VERY poor customer skills. Very much like a typical Drs office which isn't what this place is supposed to be about. When I became pregnant eveything started off great, supportive etc with Mary Anne. Then once I told them that I wanted a home birth but had not found the right midwife for me yet, everything changed. I never felt welcome again. They did my appointments but not with the same warmth I felt prior. My last appointment spured my midwife search faster than anything before. I met with Dr Jones. She began stating were I would be delivering the baby and I reminded her my chart said I was doing home birth to which she bluntly said "Then why am I seeing you?" Maybe blunt is her style, maybe she had a valid point..I don't really care, because it was extremely unprofessional.  I can't vouch for her skills as an OB but her demenor is less than desirable. I would expect a person truely passionate about babies and women would gladly assist their paying clients in their quest for the best care available when they themselves don't offer the serivce...Networking with other providers...maybe I'm wrong. After my birth I did go back with a breast issue my lactation consultant couldn't address. I was in tremendous constant pain. They gave my breast a glance with me just pulling my shirt aside, misdiagnosed me as having mastitis. I returned again in more pain. I could barely function with out crying. Dr Jones saw me and pressed directly on the intensly inflamed area on my chest and I burst into tears. Unbelievable. At least I got an amazing Breast Surgeon referal out of the deal but that was my last straw with them. I have never returned, not even for my follow ups. Because they were so cold to me during my pregnancy and after, they lost my business and my referals for everything else.
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place. This is the greatest place for women's health care and spa treatments and tons of other services.
1	I first started going to True Harmony when I became pregnant with my son. I really liked the environment and the PA. I liked everything except Dr. Brass-Jones. She was very dismissive to absolutely everything I said and did. This was my first pregnancy and every time I came to her that I thought something was wrong or had questions she acted like I was wasting her time and that it was all in my head. I ended up with hyperemesis gravidarum and was so sick I lost over 40lbs. It wasn't until after I spent time in the ER and was down at least 35lbs that she finally helped me get in home nurse care because I couldn't even leave the house. Another major problem I had was that they never seemed to relate what was really going to be taking place. This happened before and after I had my son. I would be told that something would be taking place, I would move everything around make sure I had someone with me or whatever else I needed just to show up and they just wanted to have a conversation about what was going to be happening. During this time I also lived in the West Valley and had to drive an hour to the appointment. They called me 15 mins before to tell me the doctor wasn't going to be in. I was already in the parking lot, but they wanted me to come back the next day. Again I was very sick and my husband had to take off work to drive me. At the end, before I gave birth every time she would check me she would make comments well if you are 5 centimeters we are just going to go over to the hospital. Everything was about her convenience. I didn't even feel comfortable calling her on the "birth line" they give you so that you can contact her once you go into labor.  I wrote out a birth plan and she didn't even read it. She had no desire to even go over it with me and I really wasn't asking for much. Example: I stated that I did not want any students at my son's birth and she still asked me if one could come in while I was in the middle of labor. I felt pushed into having my water broken, which resulted in me having an emergency C-section, my son didn't have enough time to turn completely. The whole experience was very upsetting and traumatic and I don't think I would have had the same experience with a different doctor.I was hoping that the worst of the experience was behind me after I had my son, so I went back. Horrible mistake. I was having a lot of medical problems after I had him. My weight was erratic along with several other things and again she made me feel like I was making it up and I was done trying to convince my doctor that something wasn't right.Since then I have moved onto a different doctor and surprise surprise I have a thyroid problem and PCOS. Both things another OB was able to pick up on after a single visit.  If you are going for anything other than to deal with Dr. Brass-Jones I say take your chances. She put my life at risk, my son's life at risk, she was rude, and she doesn't care what you want or how you feel as a patient. For the type of environment they are supposed to be  or promise their doctor is a horrible fit.
1	After having getting pregnant with our second child my wife and I decided to switch from her old doctor to Dr. Brass-Jones from a referral from a friend, and because our previous doctor left the practice we were using.What a mistake.There are helpful people here, Kathy is nice and goes out of her way to help you and the PA is excellent, if she was running the practice there wouldn't be a problem, but the coldness, rudeness and general uncaring nature of Dr. Jones is enough to turn anyone off. She's dismissive, uncaring, unhelpful, and lacking in any semblance of tact. Her answer to any discomfort you may have is "you're pregnant, what do you expect" and the go-to treatment for everything is some kind of oil or extract (which of course they make and sell). As a medical office its a pure joke how incompetent the staff is and Dr. Jones herself. They order needless tests that insurance won't cover because "you signed a form" even when its medically unreasonable and unneeded. They don't bother to learn anything about you other than "what's on the form" and for a period of time didn't even know this was our second pregnancy, not our first, and even though it states and we had mentioned our son multiple times. The front desk staff seems unsure as to what their purpose is, never having an answer for everything and always needing help.Dr. Jones will verbally yell at the staff in front of you, if you're talking to someone she'll interrupt  to get your point across to them without apologizing to you in the slightest. Her elitist attitude and penchant for entitlement comes off pretty clearly in how easy she is to dismiss your concerns and has the bedside manner more attributed to a minimum wage fast food worker than a doctor, especially one dealing with parents and soon-to-be-parents all day. If she has kids, I certainly feel sorry for them.Don't ever try to call them on the phone or leave a message with the hopes you'll get a call back. Don't even think about trying to talk to the doctor over the phone, she can't be bothered with that even when its clear the person on the phone is talking directly to her and relaying your questions. They use a separate, third-party billing company and have no idea what's going on with your bill if you ask a question about it, you're directed to another office to call and that's, that.All in all I firmly believe that a homeless man with a rusty speculum is a far superior choice than True Harmony.
5	Love True Harmony!   I've been coming here since they opened & the whole staff is always helpful & courteous.  Dr. Grobi & Dr. Brass-Jones are great!  I refer people here all the time.  Even my husband goes.
1	DON"T WASTE YOUR TIME.If I could leave 0 stars, I would.This is my first pregnancy.  I wanted to meet Dr. BJ so I could discuss my birth preferences, and see if we were a good fit.  My first visit I saw the PA, Mary-Anne, who has a kind and gentle demeanor.  However, I was not informed by the office staff that I would not be seeing Dr. BJ.  Mary -Anne really dropped the ball for me when she allowed a STUDENT to preform my pelvic exam and did NOT double check the exam for herself.  How is that training a student? And that makes me feel like the care I'm receiving is amateur at best.  The second visit I got to see Dr. BJ and at the time I came in with a serious infectious disease.  She was cold, rude, short and even rolled her eyes at me! UNBELIEVABLE!  Instead of answering my questions she sent in an NP student (a different student then the 1st visit) to answer my questions, while she left the exam room and never came back.  Give me an F-ing break!  I'm not paying $1,000s to take medical advice from someone who hasn't even passed their boards, and besides that IT"S ILLEGAL-- it's practicing without a license.I'm this close to reporting Dr. BJ to the board for the sub-par student care she so tepidly provided me.  If she had taken half a second to get to know me, she would have learned that I'm medically trained, and I know the way she's running her practice is not kosher and DEFINITELY NOT providing the best care for her patients. I feel sorry for people who are going there and are putting up with her lack of knowledge and nasty, apathetic attitude.The office staff is only a reflection of Dr. BJ's persona-- they are poorly trained college kinds (or recent grads) that are unorganized, can't answer any of your questions and if you phone there they can't wait to get off the line with you.I've been to bad Dr.'s many, many times. But Dr. BJ is the first bad Dr who I'd have that actually has the personally to match her level of expertise.  Absolutely appalling. I walked out of that office and KNEW I would not be back. What a joke.
5	Love love love Dr brass! I met her after my first pregnancy at banner gateway. My blood pressure sky rocketed right after she was born and all the Dr and nurses freaked me out which made my BP even higher but after the second day Dr brass came in and talked to me and made me feel much better and what do ya know, my BP went down and they sent me home. What I got pregnant with my second and knew I wanted to go to her for my entire pregnancy and she was sooooo wonderful. Answered all my questions! She delivered my second and I'm so glad she did! I won't go to anyone else! She is amazing!  I also saw mary Ann who was just as wonderful! Got a facial from there as well and it was so relaxing!  Def recommend!
5	My oncologist told me I needed to see an OB/GYN stat before receiving my next chemo treatment due to some side effects of my last treatment. On my Aetna insurance website True Harmony was rated very high. So I thought I would give them a try. They got me in the next afternoon and prior to my appointment not only did the MA call me for additional information but also contacted my oncologist so that my appointment went very smoothly. Problem is being resolved. I'm staying on track with my chemo treatments. And the naturalpathic treatment that Mary Anne  recommended is working. I was so impressed with it that I referred it to my daughter who is 17 weeks pregnant for her to transfer to.
1	Incompetent office management, never saw doctor: office called at 6am one week before my appointment in order to change my appointment. When I arrived 5 minutes late, they refused to see me and I refuse to return. Health care is bad but this was a new low. Absurd.
1	I made my appointment for a yearly PAP & seen her for the first time. I waited almost an hour to be seen. I was asked if a student could watch, I was fine with that. I didn't think about it during visit but after I was worried thinking that Dr. did nothing but sit in the room while the student did my ENTIRE exam. Now I feel as if my test was probably not done right. I also had a red bump on my breast that had been there for a few weeks, I showed Dr. Brass. She thought it was ring worm, I knew it wasn't & she gave me a cream & told me to let her know if it didn't go away. While I was there I asked that they also test for STD's just to be safe, as I always do when getting a PAP. Come to find out she never made notes to test for that so it was never done at the lab. I wasn't going to make a big deal about it so I just never said anything. My second visit was due to finding out I had a fibroid/polyp in my uterus from my primary care doctor and was told to follow-up with my gnyo. I called to make the appt & was told her first opening was a month away, the women on the phone thought I shouldn't wait that long so she told me to hold & see if she could do anything. She said she could get me in that day in a few hours. So I took a half day off of work and went to my appt. I was scared & concerned what was going on in my body because I had to Google it. I printed out the info & it told me what questions to ask. After waiting 45 mins past my appt, I was given a sheet and told to remove my pants. I figured this meant she was going to examine me. Dr. Brass comes in & asks me what is going on. I tell her about what I was told and I was here to follow up to figure out my options and what all this meant. She then asks why I have a sheet on & not a gown, I said I am not sure that is just what I was told. She opens the door and starts yelling at the assistant girl of why she would not put me in a gown, tells me that the assistant is going to start over then she will come back in. She could have easily just given me a gown. I put the gown on, she comes back in with a student. She then tells me well we will do surgery. I was stunned & told her I really would like to watch it & just want to know what happens if I watch it & what happens if I do surgery. Once I told her I didn't want to do surgery she became a horrible pissed off person. I had to basically force information out of her. I ask, if I watch it how long would we wait to re-test & do another ultra sound. She says "a year", which I thought was way too long (my old gyno who I returned to told me the same thing, we will re-test in 4-6 months). Then I ask, what happens if I do surgery, are their possible complications like me not being able to have children? I am 28 and never had one yet & that is a very important thing to me. She says, "this is so small there would be no complications, it is not huge the things you are reading, are about huge fibroids". I was in shock. I start to tear up because I am frustrated & I am not being comforted or made to feel like I am being informed or supported here. She asks me why I looked confused. I said because you are acting as if you are pissed that I am here. She tells me, "well I am pissed, my front desk didn't tell me you were coming in today". I said, ok well I am here and I need to understand what is going on, I don't feel like you are giving me info to better understand. I want to know what happens if I do surgery. "do you know you are talking in circles, do you"? I told her well it is only because I want to understand my options & you're very hostile. "Well if you want to do surgery then we will discuss that in the next visit". Why not tell me now instead of me paying another co-pay just to be told what happens. "You won't remember all this". I said I will. With an attitude explains the surgery. Asks me why I am crying, she thinks I have an emotional issue & hiding info from her because my Dr. test me for STD's. "Did you have a new partner"? No been with same guy 8 years "Then why all the testing?" Because you never know and I wanted to eliminate them for the reason's I was having female issues & full body rash. She yells at me, I am not telling her things and that I must have some emotional thing going on & I must think he was cheating. I looked at the student, she was staring at the wall. I was pissed at this point, I then talk about the last I was in you gave me cream and told me if the bump on breast didn't go away to let you know. She looks at it from a distance and says, "it looks like a stretch mark". I say it is not a stretch mark it is a bump and it has been there for almost 2 months now. She touches it and says "see a dermatologist then". She then says ok we are done call and schedule if you want to do the surgery. I called the manager next day & got a refund, they apologized &said that was not her normal manner.I am now reading theses reviews on here and seems it is her norm.
1	Ugh, I almost never go to the doctor, and the only time I needed to go it was my mistake to end up at this place. I called and asked if they are a network provider with my insurance and they said yes. The visit alone was expensive, I'm not even sure if that was with my insurance. On top of that, I received a bill a month later for lab tests! who does that? I thought I was done paying at the office and I was not even notified I was going to get billed. Dr. Grobe was ok, although she seemed judgmental of my response when asked about my safe sex practices. The front office staff are very unprofessional, rushing me to complete paperwork when I had gotten there early enough for my appointment. I would have rather gone to planned parenthood or urgent care than this overrated "wellness" spa place. What a waste of time.. When I walk into a Dr Office I expect to see scrubs and white coats and stethoscopes, not sandals, spaghetti strap shirts that look like they are going some place other than their professional jobs.
