5	Ummm..WOW!Can I end my review here?  Perhaps not.The Italian ice (granita) was amazing!  Orange was an absolute favourite in my family.  My husband wishes he didn't get the gelato but the rest of us really liked it.  The vanilla gelato tastes like frozen whipped cream.  Totally healthy, I'm sure :)  We didn't try the mango, but my son had the birthday cake and I had the root beer.  My 2nd favourite was the sour patch kids :)Only disappointments here?  No traditional lemon flavour and the fact that the staff didn't seem to really know the history of their product or the difference between the words "gelato" and "gelati".  I'm a grammar nut.
4	Icey iced ice... tasty and refreshing, Rita's delivers.  You can't help but smile as you walk in the door, anticipating the tasty goodness that is lined up in front of you.  They have simple cream ice, milkshakes, gelati, Italian ices, frozen custard, frozen custard cookies... and on and on. We stopped by on a random, warm afternoon after passing the new store and noticing the sign... a few samples later, we were sure that we'd found a winner.  My only 'ouch' came when I found out the calories and fat in my Blendini mix.  :-/  Glad I shared it!  We'll just make Rita's an occasional splurge.Yum... Blendini!  We recommend the Vanilla custard with Toffee. :-D  See ya there!
5	Everything at Rita's is delicious. I highly recommend this place. Try everything because the flavors are always changing. Yummy, yummy!!
5	My girlfriend has been telling me about Rita's for years it seems. She told me a while ago that they were coming here. I swear that she was doing the happy dance. I've been driving by this location for a while...waiting for them to open. The other day I happened to notice the umbrella out in front, and pulled in. They are OPEN, and the grand opening is still a couple of weeks out.  I LOVE coffee ice cream and feel compelled to try it whenever I see it.  Rita's coffee frozen custard did NOT disappoint. It was SO rich and creamy. I got a cup and brought it home, as I know it is one flavor that my husband will not sneak and eat up on me. I also picked up a Mango with vanilla custard (was told that it is one of the big favorites).  The three of us shared the large, with my two year old constantly clamoring for her bite. Needless to say, Rita's will be our local desert place.  They offered milk shakes, frozen custard, and lots of variety.
5	I'm from the east coast and LOVE Rita's! Imagine my sheer delight when I stumbled upon this location!I walked in and the place is clean, colorful, and made me nostalgic for my youth! You can't help but smile. Was greeted warmly by friendly smiling faces :)I chatted with the owner for a bit and turns out she is from the same area as my family back east! Small world!They let me pretty much sample everything since I haven't been to a Rita's in a long time. It was awesome. Lots has changed or maybe the west coast chains are different. The cantaloupe has fresh bits of cantaloupe in it. The sugar free mango peach was so good. I was hesitant to try the creme flavors - cheesecake and oatmeal raisin - I didn't like the cheesecake so much, tasted too artificial, but the oatmeal raisin was (surprisingly) delicious!I was disappointed they didn't have my favorite flavor - Swedish Fish - but they said they rotate flavors and will probably have it in soon.I'm so happy there is a Rita's so close! What a wonderful surprise today!
5	Yum, and the service is outstanding.
5	RITA'S!I'm surprised it has taken so long for Rita's to migrate to the valley of the sun - even in "winter" the swedish fish gelati hits the spot! A must try if you like sour sweets: the green apple gelati.
5	Pros: Ever since I got a free sample of this product at a Yelp event, I have been eating this stuff every other week. Frozen ices are so good. The soft ice is so much smoother and lighter than  a slushy or a snow cone. The flavors are less sugary sweet and more refine. My favorite flavors are pear, swedish fish, and cotton candy. Cons: My favorite flavor is pear and they are sometimes out of it. That's my only complaint.
4	Good stuff.  I have had my fair share of custard and I really like this place a lot.  Having lived in Kansas City for a while and frequently eating some of the best custard, ever, at Sheridan's, I am a tough critic of frozen custard. I have tried custard at quite a few frozen custard joints and I have to give this place solid points.  The concept is a little different than I am used to.  Rather than mixing custard with fruits they mix Italian Ice (blended frozen fruits) with their custard.  It certainly works well for them and their custard is top notch.  Very creamy and very tasty by itself.  I tried the mango gelati with vanilla custard and really, really enjoyed it.  Its a layer of Italian Ice followed by a layer of custard, etc.  I would like to see more customized dishes using fruit toppings but that's not their business model and what they offer is certainly good.  I would definitely try this place again and if you're looking for good custard this is some of the best I have found in Arizona, by far. Also really like the modern inside with LCD menus, etc.  Makes for a nice experience.
5	Very light tasting custard mixed with mango or any flavor of choice. What can be wrong with that!? Well nothing if its Rita's that's for sure. Place is wonderful been here multiple times within the first week I discovered the place. Very friendly staff is always a plus! They get it right every time. Definitely willing to make sure your experience is the best. Thanks again Rita's and staff for an amazing get away.
5	Yum, Yum, Yum!!! If you haven't checked this place out yet, you are missing something amazing!! This location has the BEST flavor selection that I've seen.  They always have a good combination of the sweet and fruity flavors.  I cannot say enough great things here.  If you don't have the app on your phone, you need to get it too.  There is a punch card to receive your 8th Ice FREE and there are also free punch days and double punch days.  The staff is always super friendly here and don't care if you want to sample every flavor.  Come here!
5	People from the Philadelphia area know this name well.  The custard and water ice company originated there.  This is the best custard & Italian ice you will ever have.  This store has only been opened about 10 months but it is quickly becoming a community fixture.  If you've never had Italian ice then you owe it to yourself to try this one.  It's a real treat especially on our hot days. The staff at this location are knowledgeable and friendly.  And there is an endless number of choices.  Enjoy.
5	Love Rita's sugar free flavor of the day.  Mango water ice mixed with vanilla custard is great too!
5	Great custards (even though they are just the basic flavors) and even better ices.  The flavors and unique and delicious.  I love coming here after the movies at Tempe Cinema.
5	I LOVE RITAS. I have not had it since moving from NJ. It is a very nice location. Clean, quiet and in a great location. I will be going very often. We need one closer to home though. I had the cantelope water ice and it was the best.
4	The perfect combo- Italian ice and frozen custard! I had a layered combo- the Gelati. The Italian ice was light and refreshing, contrasted with the thick, rich, and creamy custard. Ice flavors are plentiful, and they offer a sugar free option for those looking for a lighter dessert. Some examples included banana, pumpkin cheesecake, iced coffee, black cherry, and pineapple. There were various types of custard to choose from too, and a "light custard" version. Flavors included vanilla, chocolate, and coffee. The one negative is that weren't enough chairs when we were here on the weekend, and there is only one outdoor bench area (Already taken up by a family when we were here), so at busy times you might be forced to get your order to-go unless you want to stand while eating your dessert.
4	I drove by this place earlier this weekend and decided to try it. I had the Gelati, I thought they sold Gelato.. they do not! What they call Gelati is a super-duper thick custard (imagine a soft-ice but richer) on the bottom, topped with a tasty Italian ice and then topped with more custard. Yes, it is a strange combo, but tasty nevertheless.I had the pumpkin cheesecake Italian ice sandwiched between this strange custard, that is too rich by itself but diluted and flavored by the ice shavings it works.. but nothing to get too freakishly excited about.  The girls working was nice, and the place looks clean.. but I am not sure I'd want to stay here and eat it, because the place ultra bright. And try the Gelati, but go regular size.. just saying.
5	This Rita's is becoming one of my favorite places to come for a treat!  Amazingly friendly staff and yummy treats!  Can you get better than that!?!I only wish that the ice wasn't so sweet. My kids love, but every time I find myself wishing it wasn't SO sweet.
5	Even though it's November and it's cold.. We still came here to get our mango fix. We first tried Rita's back in 2010 in Hoboken, New Jersey for vacation and now, 3 years later we're here again but at home in AZ. When we opened the door we were greeted  cheerfully. We tried the mango-pineapple but we decided to stick with just mango, the most popular flavor. Brings back the memories when we we're in New Jersey. Love it!
4	I was skepticaly of this idea. But my friend wanted to go for her birthday..PRETTY FREAKN GOOD!i'd go back...not much else to say. definitely get custard in your shaved ice thing..I don't even know what to call it still.. I liked the fruity and creaminess
3	Rita's was ok. The Italian ices flavors were a little low and the ice was kinda slushy, like the water was separating from the ice. It was ok. Over all it was ok. Maybe try joes down the street. That's place was pretty legit! Lots of flavors!
4	OK Rita's, what the heck is a Gelati?!Why, it's Italian Ice layered with Frozen Custard. Perfect combo! Dude and I dropped in last year on a scorching hot summer night. The staff was friendly and let us sample the different flavors; did not feel rushed at all. We both got the cookies and cream Ice with swirled custard. Pretty delicious, and cooled us off. 10% off your order if you follow this store on Twitter; oh yeah! Also dropped in with my training partner shortly after a throwing practice. The Orange Mango Italian Ice was very refreshing after 3+ hours of throwing hammers in 112+ weather.Great customer service; delicious treats, I'll be back!
4	I usually don't eat anything sweet after meals but I really like this place.  First time having Italian ice and I like it
5	Until last week I had no idea what a Gelati was.  I saw it mentioned in a few Yelp reviews, understood it to be a hybrid Italian ice meets frozen custard and was sold on the idea.  Then I noticed that I work just a couple of miles from here and I knew a Gelati was in my imminent future.Well it happened, a mere two days after hearing about the mythological creature known as a Gelati I found myself driving over to Rita's and ordering one.  It was magnificent, but I'm getting ahead of myself and skipping over the fabulous favor offerings that you can combine in your Gelati...First off you pick the type of frozen custard you want.  I saw vanilla and chocolate and I think there were other flavors too, probably lowfat ones...?  Plain old vanilla is my game.  (I like a simple and classic base flavor if I'm about to 'get funky' with the rest of my frozen treat, you know what I mean?)Next you pick either one or two Italian Ice flavors to 'sandwich' the serving of frozen custard in the middle.  The Italian Ice favors varied from strawberry, mango, pineapple, cotton candy, and I think I even saw a marshmallow one too.  These Italian Ices are indeed as fresh and tasty as they sound.  I know this because I tried a couple of them...delicious!I ended up choosing strawberry and pineapple as my Italian Ice combination.  There were real pieces of strawberry blended into the Italian Ice, it was stupendous!  The frozen custard tasted like someone had taken the creamy custard base of a creme brulee and churned it into frozen silken cream...The silky, velvety creaminess of the frozen custard blended with the tangy, fruity zing of the Italian Ice was a magical combination was a thing of beauty.PS: I think they mix up the Italian Ice offerings a bit, so the flavors you may see when you go will probably be different from the ones I saw.  And you WILL go, trust me...  ;)
4	Very good. I didn't think the custard and ice mix would be that good, but it turned out to be great.  You can mix and match different flavors and the workers are fun and love to suggest new mixes.  Way better than frozen yogurt.Give it a try.Be careful when taking it to go.  We have had leaks from the cups a few times because the lids seem to not stay on tight.  There nothing colder than having ice cherry all over your pants.
2	Sorry Rita but I've been spoiled by real frozen custard.Even the burger chain with the frozen delicacies is a few notches up the ladder but still doesn't rank with my favorite local frozen custard.But to hear your staff has no clue what makes a frozen custard really isn't a big surprise once you understand it all comes from premade mixes.  Gotta say your location is a good one though.  At the edge of a strip mall, visible from the road.  Seems like a great way to lure 'em in.And the table and benches outside are a nice touch.I didn't have the Gelati but it did remind me of something we used to get years ago.  Maybe DQ had something like it made with slush and ice cream.  Can't exactly recall, but it brought back yummy memories from 20+ years ago.May have to try that here.
4	Awakened to a new world of italian ice and custard combinations that i didn't even know was lawful in the state of Arizona!  I have only read two bad reviews, BAFOONS!  Valerie and Curtis feel free to jump of a bridge as this place is amazing. I know what you two are telling yourselves that you have had better italian ice or custard at some local place or at another chain restaurant, but i bet you haven't had the combination before, made into a rich yet refreshing drink. So lets review; amazing treat that will change your life and if it doesn't your dead inside.
5	if you've never been...........you MUST.real fruit in the drinks, fair price and large.be careful of brain freeze.they are out of Philly, i used to go there all the time when i lived thereTHE BEST
5	Being from Philly, good Italian Ice (or water ice as we call it there) was one thing I really missed after moving to AZ. We'd always visit a local Rita's on every trip back East. I was SO excited to see them move into the Valley. I know they offer other products, but the Italian Ice is all I ever order. Love that I get a text when my favorite flavor is available. The ice is always fresh and delicious. And now they've added Philly pretzels!! Just like the kind the guys sell from plastic trays in the medians back home, handing them through your car window at an intersection - but better because they are baked fresh (and those guys were always a bit sketchy!). So glad to have a location so close by!
5	Ridiculously good. The combinations are endless! Leave your will power at the door.They change their 70 plus flavors all the time so you get a different great taste every time!Look out dairy queen... there is a new girl in town!  Thanks Rita!
5	#1 flavor = cotton candy#1 flavor = cotton candy#1 flavor = cotton candy#1 flavor = cotton candy#1 flavor = cotton candy#1 flavor = cotton candy#1 flavor = cotton candy#1 flavor = cotton candy#1 flavor = cotton candyCan you guess my favorite flavor?  Get a Blendini!
5	My dad LOVES Rita's (as do I).The Italian ice & frozen custard are delicious, so therefore the gelati (Italian ice + custard) is VERY delicious! Even though I don't live all that close to any of the Rita's (unfortunately), I like this one the best. For one thing, parking is easy (I actually live closet to the one on Mill, but I hate the parking situation over there), and I think it's a little bigger on the inside with more seating compared to the Mill & Arcadia locations.That being said, I love ALL Rita's, but the little things mentioned above make this one more convenient to go to.
4	Always love me some Rita's! Great service and delicious custard! My favorite combination is raspberry mango italian ice with lemon custard. Tangy, tart, and refreshing!
5	I cant tell you how much I love this place.  The italian ice is amazing on its on but mixed with the frozen custard it is unbelievable.  The service is always wonderful and attentive and I have yet to wait for more than a couple of minutes to get my hands on this slice of heaven!
5	Oh yeah!  Gelati layered with chocolate custard and the root beer Italian ice.  It will taste almost like a Tootsie Roll, if you like that kind of thing.  That's my favorite.  We also tried the gelati with mango ice and vanilla custard.  That was perfect on a hot day.  The mango ice is not too sweet and had a true mango flavor.  We were also eye-balling the sign with their frozen lemonades.  That and some good booze would make a heck of a delicious poolside cocktail!
4	You can't think of Rita's and not drool just a little.  It was an unplanned trip and I walked away with a gelati thinking I was getting gelato.  What!?  Was I disappointed?  Nope!A gelati is apparently Italian ice with delicious frozen custard.  Ohemgee!  I had gotten my gelati with mango and it was amazing.  It was so good it made my skirt flip!  It was cool, refreshing, and the frozen custard that the people back east love so much sent it through the roof!  I hear there's a Swedish Fish flavor that I'm sure Mr. W. would love to try so maybe we need to pop back in some other time.  As the four star rating goes, Yay!  I'm a fan.  ;D
5	GREAT refreshing treat. Always wonderful customer service and great prices. This is a usual stop for our family.
5	Rita's is amazing!!! What impressed me most was not my vanilla custard with Kit-Kats I ordered, which was delicious to say the least, but the fact that they had treats for dogs!I took my dog along for the ride and when my friend came back with our order he said the cashier saw that I had my pup with me, so she gave him a mini cone just for her. It was about the size of McDonald's mini cones and it had a doggie biscuit on top.
5	I love the custard here.  The Italian ice is also very good and the service is fast & friendly.  This is the best Italian Ice and Custard in town.  Head and shoulders above Joe's italian ice
5	I absolutely love Rita's Italian ice. Coming from the east coast the store is open seasonally so during the winter months the store is closed. When they first started opening up here in the Phx area I thought it was brilliant! Love the various flavors specifically cotton candy and Swedish fish with vanilla custard combo in the Gelati. Taste great!
5	I've been wanting to check this place out. Finally did today and got the Gelati with Mango Pineapple gelato. It was just as delicious as it looks. I usually can't finish all my ice cream but I finished it all up. Oh and the boys working there were really nice. Always great to have good customer service. I'll be back again!
