1	BEWARE! DO NOT USE THEM! They held my things hostage on the truck until I paid them IN CASH an estimate double of what it took them to load it...It always takes less time to UNload. I called the company and they told me if you want your stuff pay them and if they take less time they will give you it back, they did not! I was overcharged $660 and they broke a lot of my dishes and broke my kitchen table legs and scraped up furniture and ruined my 2 beautiful rolled arm couches by standing them UP on the rolled arms! I asked them not to when i saw how they were loading it and they told me to mind my own business they know what they are doing! I called the company and they did NOTHING. They also took 15 minutes breaks every hour and a half hour lunch all of which I PAID THEM HOURLY FOR! No one returns my calls and even though I paid for insurance their insurance company has never called me and On Our Way only has a receptionist and you can never speak to anyone else and no one ever returns your calls. I have filed with the BBB and attorney generals office.
1	Got a flyer in the mail for these guys and we needed to move at the end of the month (April 2012). The advertise an hourly rate that is competitive with other movers in the area so we called them. On the phone we asked if they had any additional charges other than the quoted rate, they said no. The day of the move comes and three guys show up in a U-Haul. I show them what they are to take and what to leave (we only wanted them to move the furniture that wouldn't fit in my truck). After that they went back out to the truck and then came back in with a work order showing that they would charge their rate $54.50/hr + the following surcharges: $39 for shrinkwrapping furniture, $39 for stairs, 12.8% sales tax (sales tax on labor??), 19% fuel surcharge on the total???. I was so ticked off, but what could we do, we had to move that day, we didn't have the time to wait (and I am sure they know this). After they loaded the furniture (which took 1.5 hours) we drove to the new house. There they gave me a total that I had to pay in cash before they would unload anything from the truck. But the total didn't add up and no matter what math I used I couldn't get it to come out. The wanted a total of $553!!! They put in a "estimate" of 2 hours to unload. So they wanted a total of 4 hours of labor, 1 hour just for showing up, $39 * 1.5 for shrink wrap, $39 * 2 for stairs (old house+new house) + their tax and surcharge and apparently an additional ripoff fee that they wouldn't disclose. I was furious and should have called the police, but paid up instead.Avoid this company, they will rip you off faster than fast and if you don't have cash, they will steal all of your possesions and put them in storage and then charge you for that too. Avoid, avoid avoid!!!
1	DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!! Ditto last two reviews - a total rip off and extremely dishonest! Three men and a truck took longer than what 2 men and a UHaul did the last move. Several fees they don't disclose over the phone include: Shrink wrap: $39 (get your own at Home Depot for $20)Tax: 12.8% (on what??)China cabinet: $39 (didn't have one - just FYI)Handling fee: $39 (isn't moving handling?)Big screen TV: $39 (moved it myself thanks)Stair fee: $39 (asked for estimate over phone & told them stairs, never mentioned fee)Pool Table: $175 (didn't have one)Insurance: $229 (optional thank God!)Truck clean: $5, $10 or $25 (depending on size and amount of dirt)Gas: 19-22% (depending on distance)Oh, and it's cash only and they won't unload until you pay them the full bill upfront! But hey, had a coupon for $54.55 an hour, but oh yeah, there's the travel time fee which is equal to one more hour of labor. So essentially 4 hours, gas, extra fees, etc. my move cost me twice what I figured.Figured w/3 guys the move would go fast, but instead 2 men moved while the 3rd stood around waiting for another guy to help - never saw all 3 moving at the same time. Then they wanted a break - OK fine, 5 minutes. Turned into 20 and they wanted me to go buy them more water and cigarettes - ummmmm....NO! When they got to new house I was so upset I told them I was going to help them unload so they could get out of my hair and not charge me another hour - suddenly they sprang to life and got stuff off the truck - didn't like seeing a lady moving mattresses upstairs, but it had to be done and I wanted them gone! Called the home office and she said she's never had a problem like this before - I find that extremely hard to believe - and she will definitely have more!
