4	Engel's Market is a delightful produce stand. Started in 1966, Claire Engel took over from her father now runs the store with a genuine care and concern about her customers. Claire's fruits and vegetables are roughly the same cost as Giant Eagle (some things more expensive, some things less so), but you will enjoy the experience much more.
4	Hmmm, I'm on the fence deciding whether or not I'll give Engel's 3 1/2 or four stars.  It's a neat little produce shop near the south end of the Murray Avenue strip.  It's one of my go to places after the Citipark's Farmer's Market season ends.  The fruits and veggies here are of better quality than what you get at Giant Eagle.
4	This was a nice surprise of a place that I stumbled upon while walking around today. They have a nice selection of produce and the lady working there was friendly and helpful.  Prices seemed higher than supermarket produce prices but I am definitely willing to pay extra in order to support local businesses. I wish I was in town longer so I could stock up on produce at Engel's!
4	I'll be honest. I usually buy my produce at the supermarket, as I'm picking up other groceries. But sometimes I can't find what I'm looking for at Trader Joe's or Giant Eagle, or what those stores have on the shelves doesn't look that great, and that's when I come to Engel's.The customer service here is great. I once came in looking for fennel, after I'd discovered that the Giant Eagle up the street had horrible looking specimens. I didn't see any, but the owner asked me me if I needed help, and then said she had some fennel in the back. I was just in time, apparently, as she was just about to make a delivery to a local restaurant, but she could give me the two bulbs I needed. This was an extremely nice gesture, as she could have easily told me that she didn't have any, and spared herself a trip to the back. The fennel she brought me was way better in quality than what I'd seen at Giant Eagle.The banana bread (with chocolate chips and walnuts) at the register is tasty, too, though a bit pricey. Moral of the story: if you live in/frequent Squirrel Hill, you should support this lovely local business.
