4	When my friend told me she went to the Burger Bar in Vegas, I rolled my eyes. Why eat a burger in Vegas, I thought.Then my sil suggested we eat at Le Burger Brasserie; again, eye rolls. And she already had eaten there once that week. But I'm game.I'm so glad I listened to her. My medium-well L'Italian was deliciously juicy. And the mozzarella was generously thick. The arugula was so green and fresh, and the server even let me sub out the proscuitto for a fried egg, for free!The sil had Le Paris, that comes with Brie, onions and bacon. I didn't try it, but she clearly enjoyed it. They have 3 types of frites -- regular, steak and waffle. We went with the steak fries, which are generously salted, but oh so tender.Definitely the best burgers I ever had. I'll never order another burger from other restaurants again.*Photos shot
3	Ok so...the one thing that stood out here was the $777 kobe beef/main lobster burger with melted brie, caramelized onions, and balsamic vinegar reduction served with a bottle of dom perignon...can you say baller status..and no i did not order that, but i did order this, which as amazingly juicy and yummy...Original Lamb burger coated with creamy goat cheese spread, grilled and raw onions to give it that bite, mixed greens, smoked bacon, tomatoes served on a toasted sun dried tomatoe ciabatta and dipped in a balsamic vinegaraitte sauce....with pomme frites and a glass of chardonnay....Yes the burger was amazing- so rich and fatty - just how i like it...As much as the food was amazing, the service was a little slow surprising being that our weighter was this massively built toned arms and legs woman body builder...im guessing she doesnt eat those burgers....but anyway it was really cold in the restaurant, i mean i know its hot in vegas, but im not trying to live in an iceberg....yet they were accomdating for a huge group...Would totally go back to try their many selections of burgers and you can add your own sides...you can eat a salmon burger, chicken burger, lamb burger, or a beef burger...definitely satisfied my craving for a good burger...and add whatever you like on it...but if you cant decide, they have a pretty good selection...
3	Surprisingly good burgers and fries here.  My burger was perfect (crispy iceburg lettuce, tomato slices that actually tasted like tomatoes and not like the bland, anemic red ones sold in grocery stores) and grilled to order. I also asked for avocado on my burger ( you have a choice of toppings) and while the slice was fon the smallish side, it  was ripe and creamy. And the fries were something else - crunchy on the outside, and warm and potatoey on the inside ... mmmmm.So why not 4 or 5 stars? The service left something to be desired.  Our food took a looooong time to arrive, with no explanation from our waitress as to why. Also, despite my asking several times, she forgot to bring lemon slices for my Coke, and we had to flag her down for refills on our drinks. The ambience is casual and LOUD - lots of televisions and pop music blaring - so you have to raise your voice to talk. The waitstaff's uniforms are amusing: extremely short, body-hugging white shorts, a striped sleeveless top, white knee-high boots and a beret, if I remember correctly. Kind of like the "Austin Powers" kitsch meets Vegas stripper.Update: Ate here again, and learned something. Do not order the cappuccino. It will taste artificial, and will look as if it came out of one of those self-serve machines. A rip-off.
5	Had a truly excellent cheeseburger here! Low priced compared to all the other sit down restaurants in Paris. The waitress' outfits looked really great on a couple of them, but silly on the rest. I wish I had tried this place earlier in my vacation because I would definitely have come back!
2	Really nothing to jump up and down about here.  It is typically expensive for a restaurant that is in a major hotel on the strip.  Since it is fairly casual it is very crowded during the dinner rush, and not crowded with the kinds of people that are fun for people watching.  And with the service being pretty slow, you get a lot of time for people watching.The food was average.  I really didn't see much difference between a burger here and a burger at a TGI Fridays.Really, the only thing that kept me sane in this restaurant was the large numbers of TVs showing baseball.
4	This is a really great burger place.  We made our own burgers with the toppings we wanted and it was delicious!  The service is great, and its a chill spot to have drinks and good ol' burgers.  The fries are yummy, we had the criss cross and skinny fries, but the skinnies were better.  Check out the 777 burger, for $777 you can get a burger with some rose dom.
3	Something about the word "Frites" intrigues my db and I for some strange reason.  We can't help but think anything with "Frites" must be better.  In fact, while we were in Vegas for 2.5 days and we had Frites at least 3 times...(mind you, we only had 5 meals in vegas)Anyways, we wanted something simple and I haven't had a burger in ages. Looked like a fancy place from far, but from looking at the menu, it  was reasonable and they served FRITES. Too bad you have to order it in addition to your burger - so less one star for that.Our server wasn't the most friendliest and most attentive. He wasn't mean or anything, just a little stale.  In fact, I was a little jealous of the tables around us because their waiter was so friendly and personable. I remember thinking "I wish we had him."I've had better burgers elsewhere like Armadillo Willys (at half price burger Saturdays) or Red Robin.  Frites were ok, may be a little too crunchy  all shoe string like for my taste.  I kinda like soft hot centers.Not sure I'll be running back to this place.  It sure was convenient though cuz my feet were killing me from wearing high heels the night before and we were staying at Ballys.
3	The first joint we hit up in the Paris Hotel happened to be the very first place we noticed walking through. 13 hungry dudes probably wouldn't agree to crepes nor some fancy schmancy high-end casino food just getting off one of the most turbulent flights we've ever experienced. No--not in Vegas. As a friend put it--you go BIG in Vegas. We wanted something to confirm our manhood, something to get our minds off that freakin' exhausting flight, something loaded with carbs and fat and protein and something soo unhealthy and expensive that we could consume to match the debauchery yet to be unleashed. We kinda wussed out on the Kobe beef. I'm talking about paying over $10 for a burger and I could proudly claim we did it here.
3	When chef Hubert Keller opened Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay in 2004, it was a bit of a gamble. How would people react to a gourmet (read: expensive) hamburger restaurant? The answer: with gusto.  Never a town shy about imitation, upscale hamburger joints are multiplying. One of the newbies is Le Burger Brasserie, which professes to be "a French interpretation of an American classic."**The MenuThere are in fact choices other than hamburgers, but I barely noticed them. The emphasis is on burgers. Like Burger Bar, Le Burger Brasserie gives you a choice of basic styles (beef, lamb, vegetarian), and you specify what kind of bun and what toppings you want. The French influence seems to be limited to the copious use of "Le" in names.**The AtmospherePretty typical sports bar. Lots of televisions, fairly informal. Service was friendly and efficient.**The MealI ordered Le Classique (a standard beef hamburger) on a sesame seed bun, with Swiss cheese, pancetta and a fried egg.  To accompany the burger: waffle fries, and a bottomless glass of Pepsi.The hamburger, ordered medium, was seriously overcooked, with no pink visible and not much juice. However, its flavor was just fine. The fried egg was OK, the pancetta was very good, and the Swiss cheese was...well...Swiss cheese. Overall, this paean to cholesterol was a pretty good hamburger - better than fast food versions, but in no way a gourmet burger.The waffle fries were crisp, but large enough to still allow for some soft insides. I would have rated them highly, but they didn't have much flavor. They were a lot like the hamburger: pretty good, but not gourmet.**SummaryIf you're in the mood for a decent hamburger, are nearby, and are willing to pay a premium over fast food joints, then stop in. However, given the so-so quality, I'd be inclined to try one of its competitors, in the hope it was better. If you want a great burger, go somewhere else (e.g., the bar at Bradley Ogden).**The BillI neglected to write down the price.  My vague memory is that the burger was about $10, and the waffle fries were $3. To this, add drink, tax and tip.
4	I admit I was a little skeptical in paying that much for a burger, but I came out happy.  The one thing that caught my attention was that I choose foie gras as one of my toppings I could put in my burger.  Very yummy.  I also added some prosciutto to.Besides the burger, we ordered the 3 french fries sampler, which was shoestring, steak, and waffle fries.  All three had a ranch seasoning to it.  My favorite was the steak fries!But yeah, food came out great.  And man was our waitress in shape and very friendly.Definitely coming back!
4	Good times at Le Burger Brasserie! Gourmet burgers plus a sports bar always equal a good time for me. I was pleasantly surprised by this find. So many options for my burger with so little time, it literally made me drool and left my head spinning. My dining partner and I were very pleased with the environment....very clean open space with televisions galore. We sat down and were immediately greeted by our server who was very friendly and attentive. Knowing that the two of us were going to be sitting in our seats for a while enjoying a little college football we decided to go all out. We started off with the potato skins and a yummy arugula salad with gorgonzola and granny smith apples. The salad was crisp/fresh and the 'skins didn't skimp out on the cheddar, bacon and sour cream! The burgers that came out after were so very good. I had to order the Le Paris Burger because I have a love affair with brie cheese. The brie was melted, topped with caramelized onions, bacon and was cooked perfectly. We ordered fries and rings which were both very crispy. I loved the fact that we could order dipping sauces to dunk them in. I suggest the garlic pesto....YUM!!  The only complaint for the evening was the dessert. The beignet that we had were not something that I would have again....but that's what I get for ordering beignets outside 'Nawlins.Kudos to Burger Brasserie for providing great enviroment for a sports/food lover!!
5	I give this place 5 stars for the quality of food and great value in an expensive place like Vegas.  I have been here twice in the few months. My favorite is the promenade chicken burgers: shallots, bacon and brie on ground chicken.  The onion rings and waffle fries are also great.  Both are perfectly crispy and well seasoned.  2 burgers and an order of fries to share will cost around $25 for a filling and tasty meal.The joint is great for watching sports or just catching a bite.
3	Really awesome sports grille, the combo of watching the laker gmae and the burger just topped it off!!Wow I was actually surprised by the quality of the food here.We were craving burgers and in n out was way out of the way so we decided to try this place out.And wow it was really good. $10 a burger with all the the lettuce,tomato, pickle and onions and any additional topping is 99 cents.The burger was pretty big, not your ordinary in n out burger but surprisingly tasty. We also got waffle french fries that were to die for, I you can never get disappointed from french fries right??- By the way this place has horrible service.
4	I like the waitresses outfits with the short-shorts... :DThe food was pretty good, but unfortunately, I was not really all too hungry when we went in there.  I had a lamb hamburger and salad.  The salad was way huge, but good, and the hamburger was damn tasty, but I could only finish half of it.  We also got the skinny fries, the steak fries, and the onion rings, which were all pretty good.Our waitress was very friendly and a lot of fun, and definitely made it a much more enjoyable visit. :D
4	I can't think of anything less french than an American sports bar. And yet, here is the Las Vegas version, complete with a 100 ounces of beer served in a tower, and waitresses in white short-shorts with striped shirts.  This turned out to the be cheapest meal we had in Vegas and it was darn tasty.  There's 4 choices of fresh-baked buns, and you can get beef, chicken, lamb, and veggie burgers with interesting toppings. We order a stack of onion rings, easily enough to share for four people.Skip the milkshake; bland.
4	To be honest I wasn't expecting much, but it turned out to be very good.  The burger was moist and well-sized.  I had the one with bacon and brie.  Waffle fries and regular fries were awesome.  Did not have the onion rings, but they were stacked high and looked tasty.  Lots of TVs around for good sports viewing too.
4	If you are looking just to grab a quick burger and fries, this may not be the place for you.  But if you are looking for more of a gourmet burger-chicken, lamb, salmon, veggie-then this could be the place for you.  Considering that it is in Vegas and the quality of the ingredients, the prices are reasonable, with most of the burgers costing around $10.  Now, they don't come with fries but for $8, we got the sampler of fries that could have fed 20 people.  They also have a 100 oz beer that is brought to the table in a large tube, which makes for quite a picture.  The service is good and the food came out relatively quickly.  I did think that my lamb burger was a bit undercooked and I was not overly impressed with the potato skins but I would certainly check it out if you are looking for some good food without spending a ton.
4	I had the Le Paris burger and it was pretty damn tasty.  The brie, onions and bacon was a really nice combination.  And the burger was huge.  The service was very friendly and attentive.  I feel bad that they have to wear such ridiculous outfits.  Our waitress was really nice when I ordered a drink not on the menu and made sure it was right.  Definitely great place if you have a burger hankering in Vegas.
3	We were so glad to get away from the LV Convention Center for an hour or two, and due to the lack of good options at Ballys, we ended up here since it's connected to Paris.The service was consistent and friendly and the burger was average, but it wasn't very crowded in there, and we enjoyed the downtime.
5	I ordered the 777 and it was good.  Probably the best burger I've ever had.  Hard to keep the lobster on the bun though... I'd personally prefer it was chopped up but not sure if that would have the same panache.  The fries were great too... very flavorful.
3	Apparently, you can add "Le" in front of anything and make it French.A few of us wanted to watch the Lakers game and get some food while we were at it. Insert "Le Burger," downstairs of the hotel in between Bally's and Paris.I had a lamb burger, which was fantastic. Fries were good, as was my French Riviera drink. The Lakers game was awesome, too. Could have done without the Spurs fans cheering at the bar, but whatev. We won anyways.
2	My and wife and I are vegetarians, which makes for difficult eating on the Strip. Le Burger attracted us with the veg burger menu. We liked the selection process; bun type, toppings, etc. However, we were disappointed when the burgers arrived. They were remarkably greasy. The patties almost seemed deep-fried and the buns were oily. My wife ate 1/4 of her burger and I about 1/2 of mine. We rushed over to the gelato kiosk to rid our mouths of the greasy aftertaste. Beers were good and the staff friendly. Shame about the food quality.
3	I am only giving three stars based on the yummy fries!  the skinny ones were the best, and the waffle fries a  close second.  I couldn't stop eating them and was sad we had to leave so much behind.... would have been nice at 3am!We were disappointed that a "French" place didn't carry French beer.  But that wasn't the problem... If a restaurant has "burger" in the title, their burgers better be good.  The bread was overdone.  The meat was dry and not much flavor.  We got the bleu cheese burger, and the bleu cheese tasted like that nasty Athenos brand from the plastic container.  A plus is that it is a sports bar... so come get a beer and a snack of french fries... then go somewhere else for dinner!  *see my review for Stripburger!*
4	Ate here 2 times on my recent trip to LV.Chicken sandwich on a yummy bun and french fries....YUM!Service was good, colleague got the onion rings (YUMMY).Went back another night to order food to go-Swiss cheeseburger on an onion roll (wow it was good)French fries (crispy and delicous).While I was waiting I had a most delicious drink "French Riviera". It was yummy! So I had another. Very nice!
3	Kinda expensive for an ok cheese burger. I mean this is the only place I have ever eaten that put bree on a burger and I thought that was DELICIOUS, love me some bree. Besides that it was just ok. I got a cesar salad as well and it was ok. Nothing really bad about this place but I def have had a better burger.
4	walking through paris, looking for a casual place to eat with the family.. found this place in the walkway between paris and bally's.  it's really a good old sports bar, complete with beer and plasma tvs.you get a choice of beef, salmon, turkey, chicken, lamb or veggie burgers.  then you get to pick what type of bun, cheese, and toppings you want (including a fried egg!).  i had the turkey burger on a sesame bun topped with brie (i love brie cheese!  esp. melted on a burger!) and grilled onions.  it was as good as it sounds!  throw in onion rings, waffle fries and a juggling bartender.. i thought that this was a great find and i will totally eat here again!
4	I think this was the best cooked burger I have ever had in my life.  And maybe only because I live in an expensive town, but I thought their prices were pretty good for an actual restaurant in Vegas.  I spent $10 or so for a crispy, juicy, delicious burger with bacon, and cheese.  Yummy!  And those waffle fries, too delicious!It is a sports bar though so be prepared for noise.  It's also in the shopping mall area between Ballys & Paris.  Other than location it's decor is pretty nice & clean.  Good place to bring a guy if you want something a little more upscale and he wants a sports bar!
4	This was decent place. Good service and atmosphere.We had the Le Paris burger, which was moist and delicious.The Waffle fries were crispy and well seasoned.Wished we saved room for the Beignets for desserts but I'm sure we'll go there again.In my opinion pretty comparable  to Burger Bar in Mandalay.
4	We did late dinner last night after playing poker at Bally's. Since we were staying at Paris anyway, we figured we would stay close for dinner and then go back to our room for a bath. Service was just okay. Not spectacular so that part I would give 3 stars to. What gets the 4 stars here was the food. Mainly what I ordered...They have lamb burgers. I LOVE domestic lamb. In fact, growing up, we ate more lamb than beef, so when I see it on a menu, I tend to go that direction. The man had a turkey burger with Swiss which he enjoyed, but we both agreed my burger rocked our mouths. I ordered it Mediterranean style with a freshly baked onion roll. What this consisted of was a perfectly medium cooked lamb patty, feta cheese, kalamata olives and about 1/8 of an avocado. OMG, so delicious, I wanted to eat another one of these today (with the Le Crap place, I should have)! The fries were decent-they offered them in 3 varieties of string, steak or waffled, but we really only ate a couple of them as our burgers were so filling. What a great place! Highly recommended!
2	After not eating anything for about 7 hours, I was ready to have my juicy burger. Ordered the lamb burger, with mozzarella di bufala, and sauteed mushrooms. Should have ordered midium rare cuz it my medium was kinda dry. Good combination but needs a lot of extra seasoning.The heirloom tomato salad was REALLY BAD....the tomatoes were not ripe enough that they were crunchy...almost not edible.I appreciate the fact that they make all the buns/bread in house, though not great tasting.The waitress should consider wearing longer pants if they don't have a decent figure. It's not very appetizing to see so much meat hanging around, bursting out of the tight shorts.
4	We ordered a variety of morsels, everything was delicious and we had a lovely view of the people passing by, as we sat by the window. The only drawback was the Ice Age conditions. I was wearing napkins as a capelet, and there was no way to turn down the A/C because it was controlled by the casino, not the restaurant.
4	This is one of the best burger joints I have set foot in.  Located in the walkway between the Paris and Bally's hotel/casinos, it is very easy to find.You can order a  burger with a beef, chicken, lamb, turkey, or salmon patty.  They have a full list of toppings and condiments you can add onto your burger.  The list includes regulars such as cheeses, avocado, bacon, and grilled onions to the obscure and unique such as crabmeat, grilled shrimp, and even seared foie gras.My favorite treat at this restaurant is the selection of 3 different kinds of fries.  You can choose between shoestring, steak, and waffle cut fries or a combination of your choice between the 3.The salads and desserts are almost an afterthought but they are all excellent.  I recommend the beignets, the French "doughnut" -- deep-fried pastry dough sprinkled with powdered sugar.I have stopped by Le Burger Brasserie whenever I happen to be in town.
5	Argggggggh!I think I just came. The burgers were the bomb and the drinks, at least ours, were strong and tasty as hell! The price was alright, considering those burgers were damn tasty and big. Oh yeah, the fries, we had some variation of them, they have like 5 different types. The staff was cool, and we had a good time! When we come back to Vegas, this establishment will be on our short list to do.
4	I had a very tasty burger with brie.  I was starving, so I literally inhaled it!  I wish we had tried to fries, etc., but we were trying to be a little health conscious.  I really wanted some of the banana donuts, but maybe next time.Service was a little on the slow side, and I wasn't a fan of the short white shorts on all the girls....some of them could have used a different color or fit.  :/
4	I love girls in short shorts =) Maybe I should try their burgers since it seems to be their specialty. It's just that every time I come here, I'm super tired and lazy to think about eating a burger. I just wanted some finger foods. So call me the appetizer king then since I've probably tried all of them and never been disappointed. Next time Le Burger Braseerie, I'll try your burger. Especially that Kobe one I was eyeing but just couldn't get myself to order.
3	Didn't actually have a burger here, but I did have three other things:coconut shrimp appetizer - 5 starscaesar salad - 3 stars (some lettuce was brown, and I actually needed to ask for more dressing....it was almost like I just had a plate of lettuce and cheese)bignetes - 3 stars (the description was just so much better than it actually was)
2	An expensive sports bar that serves food. Crowded when I was there, had to sit at the bar. Service wasn't good (had to ask for silver and napkin), food wasn't good, way overpriced (OK, it's Vegas, but $15 for a mediocre hamburger?) Why eat there?
1	Can we say TOURIST TRAP?Ordered the fois gras burger.  The fois gras I don't even think was aunthentic. It was too tough I think to be authentic.  As tough, as say grissel in a cheap steak. The burger itself? On par with Jack in the Box. The fries were some of the worst we've ever had.   The service wasn't very good either. We weren't given refills in a timely manner, and had to ask.  The other person in my party didn't like her food either, but I can't remember what it was.. But we both agreed this is probably one of the worst places to go in Vegas..  This is what happens when greedy casino execs try to put together a restaurant too quick.  Judging from the ratings, I'm glad some others agree.
3	Their Novelty Item on the Menu:  Note worthy:  $777  for Kobe Beef and Maine Lobster BurgerHow do you charge $777 for a burger!  topped with caramelized onions, imported Brie, crispy prosciutto and 100-year aged balsamic vinegar and served with served with   a bottle of Rose Dom Perignon champagne....and yet strangely I want it....and then think, only fools want this.....But seriously....back to the food.  Great place for burger...3 choices of fries from pomme frites to steak cut fries...6 different bun choices...it's all about options....and the waitresses where a modern version of the old, "hot dog on stick" outfits.  When in Vegas....cheeze it up....slut it out....drops some dough, overindulge....and slum it with an expensive burger....
3	Great cozy atmosphere perfect for a mid-day lunch. We tried the Lamb burger- huge portion with fries. Decent tasting, wasn't too memorable for me. The Crispy Chicken salad was definitely very good. i'll give it 4 stars. Perfect time as I was craving for fresh crispy vegetables and some good protein. Also, my bf was glued to all the 10 or more plasma screens showing basketball/football and probably heard half the conversation.  haha not a perfect place for a romantic eatery.
4	I thought the burgers and drinks here were delicious.  They have specialty burgers that are sorted by "country," which mostly meant there was some type of special cheese/ingredient that classified it that way.Anyways, the burgers were juicy and very satisfying, and not that overpriced considering this is Vegas.  The drinks, on the other hand, were very expensive but quite good, including 1 watermelon flavored martini that I don't remember the name of.  If you stay at Harrah's or any of their hotels, they usually give you a coupon here, which is why we came.  Glad we did!
3	Ok, I give the 3 stars because the food quality was superb. I take away 2 for the horrid service. I got the paris burger which was a burger topped with carmelized onions, brie cheese, and bacon. I added 1000 island dressing to perfect it. Calorie mania, but oh my goodness how good!!! Shoestring fries were awesome as well!!!! Complete with a cold beer you are all set! The service ruined everything. 15 MIN before the waiter angel came over, 10 min later water came, 10 min later beers, 45 min later food. He never refilled waters, came by, didnt get our orders right, and never checked on the table throughout the meal. I have never in my life, not left a tip, but he was such a little punk he didnt deserve one. On top of the poor service he had a nasty little attitude. Needless to say we wrote him a bad review.
3	I have eaten here twice and had very different experiences. The first time I came it was happy hour and this place was bumping. The music was blaring and it was really hard to talk to my friend at the table. The second time I came it was for lunch. The restaurant was quiet and wonderful. The burgers are good. They are fresh and they give ample portions. My complaints would be as follows: The burgers are served on tissue paper and a mesh wire basket. For a $10 hamburger served without fries this is pretty ridiculous. Would a plate be too much. Secondly fries anyone?? $10 and no side? That just can't fly. For a place with such a great location you would think they wouldn't try and rake you across the knuckles.Otherwise the selection is great and this is a great oasis to blow some winnings (hopefully).
4	A great place for a casual lunch without breaking the bank (save it for Bally's or Paris, since you'll be straddling both money pits).  The focus is clearly on burgers, but besides the beef and turkey staples, they also have ground salmon and ground chicken, which is unique.  It's build-your-own, in the tradition of the Counter, except for some pre-designed selections.  The burgers are fry-less, so order a side if you want them.  I had ground chicken with brie, grilled shallots, and bacon, and my Dining Buddy had...something unexciting (beef with cheese and bacon or mushrooms or something).  We each really enjoyed our burgers, once we were able to figure out how to eat them.  The fresh lettuce and tomatoes stack the burger up so tall, it's difficult to wrap your mind - or your mouth - around it.$40 for two people (two snazzy burgers and a double side of fries), which for Vegas and for a high-quality burger, isn't bad at all.  The service was very good for us, though I could see that it might wildly vary.
3	Paris Las Vegas does a good job of hyping a typical sports bar.  Here, they tell us, even the condiments are sensual.  At the end of the day, however, it's a sports bar in a fancy casino, so expect some gussying up of typical American food.The menu was impressive.  Sure, they had the traditional cow burgers, but they added turkey burgers also. And salmon! And lamb! And, relegated to the bottom right corner of the menu, were some vegetable burgers that may be perfectly tasty, but who would come to a burger joint for that?I chose the lamb burger, and ordered a side dish of fat fries and waffle fries.  I'd figured they'd give me two smallish servings of each type, but no, they trotted out a full order of potatoes.  Although initially I got the petit fries with the waffle fries, the waitress realized her mistake and brought out a full order of steak fries as well.  Turns out I liked the petit fries better; they were crispy and seasoned, the steak fries were kinda bland.As was the lamb burger, surprisingly.  I'd chosen the lamb because I thought it would have a darker flavour to it, but apparently this is not the case.  Don't get me wrong, I've got no doubt that this was one of the better lamb burgers out there.  But I've come to realize, after eating here, that I shall be keeping my lamb on its rack, and having the traditional cow in my burgers.The condiments, by the way, are plain old condiments.  Ketchup and mustard come in the standard squeezable bottle, and the pickle was just a pickle.
3	Ate here once when we stayed at Bally's and it's located closer to the Paris side of where all the shops and casino is.They got a bunch of $8-$10 burgers over here served with french fries.  Pretty good.  Portabella mushrooms, onion rings, and some other stuff that comes packed in some of those burgers.They also got a fully stocked square bar in the middle, so if you feel like getting your drank on for lunch over here since IT IS Vegas, then those Bloody Mary's, Mimosas, Screw Drivers, and Beers aren't too far away.
4	I ate her one night because of a coupon I had from my Harrah's Players Club book. They have a great selection of burgers (lamb, beef, salmon, chicken, and veggie) and an even bigger list of toppings. Of course you can also choose one of the predesigned burgers. I had an Italian burger with mozzarella, crispy prosciutto, arugala, and tomatoes. It was well cooked as I requested and pretty tasty. The prices aren't bad either. The fries were nice and crispy and they have a selection from shoe string, steak cut, or waffle fries. For two of us (two burgers, a order of fries, two drinks, and dessert) it was less than $40 with tip. I would've been more but the dessert was free.
3	Whoa, was the hostess hot. Dirty blonde hair and tight white shorts. But of course when she spoke, all was lost as she had the manners and the eloquence of a toad.Anyway, I will give the burgers a solid "GOOD". You can choose beef or lamb. I chose lamb as beef is available anywhere. We also got the trio of fries - shoestring, waffle and steak fries. I am not a fan of steak fries but even these were good. The shoestring and waffle ones were excellent.I will warn you that the food took at least 35 minutes to receive and none of us ordered our burgers well done. So if you are in a rush, skip this place.
3	I visited Le Burger Brasserie for the 2nd time on my recent Vegas trip, and upon leaving I began to think of Le Burger how I think of Cold Stone Creamery.  I find Cold Stone's ice cream to be fairly sub-par compared to Ben and Jerry's and even Baskin-Robbins, but it's the endless possibilities and creativeness that make it fun and a tasty treat.That being said, I certainly don't think that the Brassier burgers are sub-par. The actual patty - I've experienced a turkey and lamb burger - has been good.  Not amazing, but good.  I was hoping for a really game-y experience upon ordering the lamb burger, but it wasn't the lamb experience I was expecting.  The toppings are great - a gourmet variety including brie cheese, harissa hot sauce, buffalo sauce (on a chicken dish), cranberry sauce, caramelized onions, and on and on.  And the bun choices are also fun.  Fries are crispy and salty, just great.  This is not a place I would normally re-visit, as I'm usually attracted to more ethnic restaurants.  However, Le Burger Brasserie is creative enough to keep my interest piqued and comfortable enough during lunch to spend however long I need to devour a tasty burger.
2	Meh.  Just so so.  The servers were nice, burgers were alright, skinny fries were good, prices too high for the quality and quantity of food.
3	There we were, wandering through the seedy underbelly of Paris, looking for a juicy burger and some fatty fatty fries.  How strange, though, that the streets of the City of Light were clogged with one-armed bandits and semi-nude girls in tiny can-can outfits. And how oddly chunky and un-chic the Frenchies were getting!Oh wait.  Righty-ho.  We were, in fact, still in the U.S. , albeit  in the Vegas zone. Still dazed from our flight, the traumatic car-rental Borg Palace at McCarran, and from getting an unexpected  upgrade to a suite 1/8 the size of Nevada at Harrah's (for 70 bucks!!!  marble clad Jacuzzi the size of my bathroom! a wet bar! view of the Strip!  disco balls!! whoo-weeee!), we were totally looking for a calorie-fest to celebrate the beginning of our driving trip around the Southwest. and we'd read some good recommendations for Le Burger Brasserie.   Plus we're both Pariso-philes, and we were hungry, so the deed was done.They don't make it easy to find, whomever the Dark Forces of Casino Restaurant Planning are, but eventually we found ourselves to the slick yet bland-ly sports bar-ish brasserie.  Now, this place resembled a Paris brasserie about as much as Spongebob Squarepants resembles Pepe Le Pew, but it was okay. It's a large, multi-level space, but apparently not large enough to house a restroom.  For that, you had to wander into Bally's casino and mix with the weeping lady with the Farrah-cut and the embroidered jeans. Ah, the million tender heartbreaks of Vegas.Food?  I had the Frenchieburger, or whatever they call their burger with Brie and carmelized onions. I asked for it rare and it came medium.  Given that flagrant disregard for my bloodlust, the damn thing was pretty good.  And the fries...well they were supah-dupah.  It must have been the double frying they got...My thighs expanded just taking that first sniff, but they'd been dipped in rosemary and possibly fried in lard, so who was I to argue? Heeeaaaaaveeeeennnn!S, who was still not quite as wicked as he was gonna be, got a turkeyburger. I say no more. He enjoyed it and claimed it was juicy and tasty.  I thoght he was gonna go all manorexic on me and disdain the fries, but after the first few he too started making those embarassing primal sounds and we just stopped talking for awhile. It was Cinco de Mayo and they had $3.00 Coronas, which in Vegas seems to signify a bargain.  Clearly, they've never been to Pittsburgh (the bucket-o-scotch special at Dell's? $1.25).  I disdained the South of the Border Lizard Pee and got a nice stout Black n'Tan to wash down what i was hoping would be a nice bloody patty.  Be that as it may, our meal was  just fine and not as exorbitant as many of the gotcha! casino eateries.  In fact we passed on the mundane dessert offers (the usual brownies and crappy cheesecake offerings) and waddled off to work of 1 fry's worth of calories in the sweltering and ca-ray-zee Vegas night.
3	Not a bad spot to watch a sporting event and indulge in some major eye candy... the uniforms the waitresses wear are totally degrading, trashy, slutty, skimpy and totally awesome.... But let's get back to the restaurant shall we?  I had the American cheese burger with fries, pretty much the most boring basic burger that you can get here (however, it was delish), they also have lamb, veggie and even chicken burgers I believe.  3 variety of french fries is nice, waffle, steak and standard. Our real reason we went here was to watch the Lakers v. Nuggets b-ball game.  There's a couple giant screen TVs (over 100 inches) and then the place is surrounded by HD flat screens.  They also serve 100 ounce 30 dollar beers (not sure what flavors) and the bring them out in these really cool bong looking containers, not to mention 4-7 happy hour with 2 for 1s.  The only draw back to that is that you have to go up to bar to be able to get the drink special, kind of lame....Big, juicy burgers, and a hot-naughty wait staff, lots of TVs, 2 for 1s... if there's a game you're looking for, come and check out this place, it's great for the 'typical guy guy'.
4	Other than The Back Abbey in my hometown Claremont, CA., this place had the best gourmet burgers I have enjoyed in quit a while.  It was so good we went back twice.  Le Burger Brasserie has a French theme offers signature gourmet burgers prepared with chicken, salmon, lobster, lamb, vegetable and and beef.  I recommend the Le Paris and the Le Bleu burgers both 100% Black Angus beef.  The Le Paris had Brie cheese, caramelized onions and smoked bacon.  The Le Bleu has Bleu cheese, avocado and smoked bacon.
3	Kind of an odd place but atleast the food and service was good. At first I also thought this was some sort of wanna be fancy burger joint but its actually real laid back (no reservations needed on a saturday night I went). I really wanna give my review 4 stars BUT the burgers don't come with any fries?!?! I knew this before hand since I looked the menu online but whats up with that? I know this is Vegas and money talks but come on now! Besides that though, the burger was good. I had the classic on parmesan, crack! Fries were good also, well for the 5 extra dollars I had to pay I atleast made them good. So food wise it was on point, the waitress was really nice also. I just can't get over those damn fries lol.Oh yeah they got a lot of eye candy here! Everything from the waitress to the hostess.
5	I eat my burger with fork and knife.  Layer by layer, starting from the top bun, then the topping, the meat patty, and then the bottom bun.  Hold the garnish - I don't like mayos - and the lettuce, tomato and onion - I am an anti-vegetarian.  Which, due to the abovementioned method, I would end up getting full before I even get halfway through the meat patty.  Yet I find myself finishing Le Burger Brasserie's lamb burger with fried egg topping - must either be the lack of food from the day before, or the overexertion at Tryst the previous night, or neither.  Maybe the burger was just that much more superior than any other gourmet burger I've encountered.On a side note - the designers of the Paris casino should've known better than to try to French-ize everything.  I can accept Le Burger Brasserie... But Le Car Rental? Give me a break.
3	I ate here twice in as many days. First visit:We were seated right away, and I realized this was more like a sports bar (and well, duh, the full name of the place is Le Burger Brasserie Sports Grille - how'd I miss that?). So, there are flat-screens everywhere and waitresses are dressed like French hookers, which I guess can be a selling point for some. I felt bad for the one flat-chested waitress. Her corset looked like it was sliding down her body, while the other girls' corsets seemed to runneth over. Anyway, enough about the waitresses. I just found it really strange and forced. Like it's a sports bar/burger joint, but it's in a hotel called Paris, so our waitresses should look "French", but they should also be a little on the slutty side because, well, it's a sports bar.I started looking through the menu, I couldn't make up my mind! There were a lot of things besides burgers on the menu (steak and fries, chowder, salads, wings, and even non-beef burgers (chicken, turkey, salmon, veggie). But I wanted beef.All their options sounded great, and if they hadn't, you could mix and match your own toppings, and THAT list was extensive as well... I finally settled on "Le Paris" - 100% black Angus Beef with Brie, smoked bacon and caramelized onions. However I asked to sub Bleu Cheese for the Brie (not a fan). For the bun I chose the whole wheat and oat bun (they bake all their buns in-house every day).My dining companions had similar choices. One went with Le Paris as-is, the other went with - I think - a regular cheeseburger. I can't remember. I was too busy salivating in anticipation. We also ordered a fries sampler: Waffle and Petite Pomme Frites.These burgers weren't as pricy as the sliders at Fix, though definitely more than even the priciest typical fast food burger. At $10-11 for a burger, once again, I was sold on the first bite, and wouldn't have hesitated to pay more than that. The bun was a little dry but I think the moisture from the cheese and onions gradually improved the texture and after a few bites, with everything getting pressed together, it became a near-perfect combination of flavor and texture. On this burger, the onions didn't add much more than moisture, because the flavor of the bacon and the bleu cheese were overpowering, but they didn't detract either.The fries... both were very good, but the fries from FIX had set my expectations high, and these just didn't hold up. One of my friends apparently didn't feel the same way. He ate most of the fries. His wife and I had some but this guy was still picking out crumbs from the basket as we were getting ready to walk out.We didn't order dessert. BUT...2nd visit:The four of us returned the next day for lunch. This time, the wait was insane. We stood around for about 25-30 minutes before getting a table, and some larger groups waited even longer. I got the same thing, as did the other two who went with me the previous day. My husband ordered "Le Bleu" which was topped with bleu cheese, avocado and smoked bacon.Once again, fantastic burgers. Having been disappointed by the fries the day before, I didn't care if we got them or not, but we ordered the waffle/petite sampler again, for the boys. This time the Petites had some kind of seasoning on them that made ALL the difference! I think someone forgot to season our fries the first time around. Wow. This was really good. Still not as good as FIX's fries, but an improvement from the previous day.This time we ordered desserts, and while they were good, I probably won''t order dessert again. They were nothing special. Mine was an ice cream/cookie sandwich, with vanilla ice cream between two large chocolate chip cookies (thin and crispy kind, not thick and chewy, which was a plus to me). My husband had the chocolate brownie with a ball of ice cream on top. It was OK but not exciting or "amazing" ... meh... We'll stick to the burgers there.There were some other items on the menu, like milk shakes (traditional chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry, as well as espresso, peanut butter and banana). There was also a 100oz. Beer Tower for $30. It comes with its own tap. You can go the classy route with that, or get a bucket with five bottles.Their "signature" burger is a $777 Burger - a Kobe beef and maine lobster burger with imported brie, prosciutto, caramelized onions, and 100-year aged balsamic vinegar. It comes with a bottle of Dom. Yeah, I wonder how many of those they actually sell.Was it a good burger? Hell yes. Was the service acceptable? Superb. Very attentive staff both times. Would I eat here again? Probably not. Maybe. If I'm stuck at Paris between presentations at another conference in the future most definitely. But I enjoyed my sliders at FIX a lot more, and I loooove the burgers at The Burger Bar (from previous visits to Las Vegas), so there are definitely other places I'd hit up for a burger before coming to Le Burger Brasserie again.
2	Ah, the vegas burger wars are now officially out of control with the opening of "Burger Joint" at Flamingo.   What's sad is, that our grandkids probably won't even appreciate or respect the burger wars of Las Vegas.  Oh the Zumanity!The burger here is filled with a montreol like steak seasoning and might really appeal to some, but it was just okay to me. The beef is Angus, but I can't remember if they reference a grade of beef. For the burger hardcore, the grind was medium.  The fries were very good. Beer and Softdrinks reasonably priced. Tasted the shake, which was nothing special. Here are my top 5 Vegas Burger Choices5. Le Burger Brasserie4. BLT Burger at Mirage3. TheBurger at TheCafe (yes, its in TheHotel, which is in TheLobby)2. Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay (which is actually at Mandalay Place)1. Bobby Flay Burger Caesars Palace.
4	For years now, I have been a dedicated fan of Burger Bar over at Luxor/Mandalay Bay.  That was the only place I would do burgers in Vegas because they were just so good.  Every time I mentioned Burger Bar though, someone would always ask "Have you been to the burger place at the Paris casino before, it's just as good".   Well, on my most recent trip to Vegas last month, I finally tried that "burger place at Paris".  It's called Le Burger Brasserie and it is very good!My wife and I stopped in and first noticed that they had a good "bucket of beer" special that consisted of 5 or 6 of the larger aluminum beer bottles in a bucket of ice for a decent price.  We naturally started off with that and then ordered our food.  I ordered the Kobe beef burger and my wife went for the turkey burger.  Similar to Burger Bar, they have many different toppings for the burgers (although I don't think they have quite as many options as Burger Bar).  I went with mushrooms and bacon on my Kobe burger.  We also ordered two different kinds of fries, skinny fries and waffle cut fries.  The food came out quickly and we dug right in.  My Kobe burger was wonderful.  My wife's turkey burger was very good too, but I think Burger Bar has a slight edge in the turkey burger category.  The fries though....these were the best fries I have ever had.  Amazingly good!  They had some type of seasoning on them that faintly reminded me of those Hot Fries snacks you find in the chip aisle at the store.  What a great taste.  We ate every last crumb of the fries.Overall, we had a fun time and a great casual meal here.  Very good burgers and fries.  As far as the competition goes between Le Burger Brasserie and Burger Bar, I still prefer Burger Bar, but this place is close behind them.
2	Men may be attracted to this place because the waitresses wear this tight lingerie looking outfits with black knee high boots.  I found that the place was as I expected: a place with mediocre food but nice decor, location, and (to men) nice looking uniforms.I had the clam chowder and it was surprisingly good.  It had lots of clam chunks in it and had just the right texture.The tower of onion rings were also good.This place prides itself on its burgers and has a wide selection of types of meat patties you can get (beef, chicken, turkey, veggie, lamb) or the type of bun you get.  Sides are a la carte, so if you want something with your burger, it will cost extra.  Most of the burgers come with one free topping, and extra toppings will also cost extra.  My friend had the California Chicken Burger.  It was dry and it had no flavor.My other friend had the buffalo wings.  She said they were too salty.
4	This place is pretty darn good, and definitely one of the "cheaper" options for dinner at the hotel.  It definitely has a higher class sports bar feel.  We ate here twice in one week while here for a convention, both times we were sat quickly.  One of the things I remembered is our waitress - her name was Lala - she said that was her real name.  She was really nice, but not the most attention, and kind of flightly.  The men at our table really liked the staff here as the girls wear little halter top and white boy shorts.The food took a while to come out, not sure if it was because of the waitress or if th ekitchen was just slow, as it wasn't super busy either time we went.  But when the burgers came out, boy were they good.  They have a variety of buns you can put it on and a ton of toppings.  The burgers are nice and thick and juicy.  Fries come in cones and are nicely fried and the onion rings are served in a tower.  Definitely come here if you want a decent night out, but are also watching your wallet.
1	I seriously think the Kobe beef patty in the 777 burger was not freshly prepared.  It was too round and flat to be molded in a chef's hand.
5	I'm a burger fan.  A big time burger fan.  This one is up there as one of the best I have ever had.My wife and I went in because we were hungry and there were two-for-one drinks at the bar. Great upscale sportsbar atmosphere. Burgers were fantastic. 8oz freshly ground beef cooked and seasoned perfectly. Bacon, mushroom and provolone on sauteed onion bun. Fries tasty with a little garlic on them. $50 was steep, but they were so good we went back a few days later.  It is on our list of "must eat" places when we go to Vegas.Damn.  Now I want a burger.
2	Located in kind of in the walkway between Paris and Bally's, this French Bistro/Burger place sits.  It is kind of a sports bar.  The decor focuses on the color black, and the waitresses have to wear touristy corset getups.We needed something quick, and this did do the trick.  Service was good, and food came out quick enough.  I wasn't super hungry.  I had the clam chowder and the potato skins.  I've had better, but both dishes weren't horrible.
3	the staff was friendly.  from the hostess to our waiter.  the girls have cute little outfits so that is a bonus, if you're into that. haha. Had a burger, of course.  Had the "french" burger with brie and it was good but not necessarily great.  It seems like a good sports bar because it has a nice bar with a huge tv.but overall, for the price, i can say with confidence that if you are paying this kind of money for a burger, go to burger bar by thomas keller.  they have more options for toppings and sauces and better selection of beers.
4	Stopped in here for lunch and sat at the bar. I'm not into sports one bit, but if I was, i'm sure I would have enjoyed the gigantic screen at the bar with some football game on, and the dozens of other flat screens throughout the restaurant with various other sports events playing.But, I was just here for food and drinks. BF had a beer, I had two Malibu & Coke's. They were nice and strong. The bartenders helping us were friendly and attentive.For lunch we split a Steak et Fromage sandwich. It was a Philly Cheesesteak with roasted red peppers, mushrooms and shallots, and served with au jus sauce. The best of both worlds, I love cheesesteak and I love French Dip. The sandwich was really good, and quite large, it was a perfect size for both of us to finish without still feeling hungry. And, it was only $14.99 - cheap lunch for two :)Since we sat at the bar, we didn't get the full menu, but everything on the bar menu seemed good. If you happen to be staying at Paris, or just wandering around as we were, this is a good, reasonably priced place to have lunch.
4	Lots of choices for toppings. $10 burgers does not include fries ... However there are 3 styles for fries: thin cut, thick cut and waffle. Mostly just burgers and (ground) chicken sandwiches. We go every time we are in Vegas. It is located in the indoor passage between the Bally's and Paris casinos (near the big slots at Bally's).
4	I know that there are many followers of the dark side of the Force that prefer burger barn while in Vegas, but for my bottom jedi dollar, this place is thebest. You get fat burgers, serviced by hotties in short shorts and red corsets. yes, the women are the same body shape as the ladies from Hooters, but after all the eye candy, how is the food? Food is so good, it makes you forget about all the hot women for a minute. The Paris burger is good, with onion, brie all smothered over bacon. Good lord, my arteries were begging for mercy like Tom Arnold on his honeymoon night with Roseanne Barr. The drinks were good and stiff too. Wife had the lamb burger, and it was good. Guys..if you come here with your woman, wear some sunglasses so she wont catch you checking out the hotties, or else your balls might be on the menu as well.
3	i went here a couple of months ago on an girls trip to vegas. we wanted to get the beer tower but the waiter had convinced us that it was a better deal to get the bucket. the beer tower was $30 and the bucket of 5 beers was $20. i would have paid extra just for the beer tower. i just wanted the beer tower! you dont get much choice out of that bucket of beer so we got some budlite and some miller chill?i ordered the Le Paris Burger (beef burger with brie, caramalized onions, and smoked bacon) the brie gave it a calm cheese flavor and the bacon of course was delish!one friend got the Le Turquie (turkey burger with your choice of topping) she got a portabello mushroom as the topping. it was bigger than the bun!another friend got the Promenade (chicken burger with brie, carmalized shallots and smoked bacon) it was like mine but with shallots.and my other friend got the Le Mer (salmon burger with your choice of topping) she got that huge ass portabello mushroom as her topping as well.we also ordered The French Fry Sampler. the Petit Pomme Frites were SOOO good! nicely cooked and salted.overall, i wasnt impressed with le burger brasseire. it was just mediocre burgers. the only awesome thing was the pomme frites. and i might have been happier getting the beer tower!
1	This was my favorite place for a burger. I came here two nights in a row. The first night I had the italian. I was going to be good and have a salad. But I saw one go by and I said, screw it. The only problem was the waitress. She really seemed as though some one pissed on her cheerio's. I got that vibe as soon as I sat down. There were four of us and it just didn't get any better. No refills on my iced tea. No asking how the dinner was and no dessert. The burger was great though.The second night didn't get any better. We were waiting for a table in the court by the fountain. As I was laying on the fountain taking a picture of the stained glass ceiling. One of the ladies came and got me. She was in a worse mood than the last one we had. (Unless she was the same one?) She passed me off to a server, making a comment to each other and then laughing. I know that I was in for another ride. Our server was a guy, and he seemed very pleasent. I got another italian and a coupe salad. They were both very good. Then he asked what we wanted for dessert. That is why I came back. I wanted that cheese cake. My friend said cheesecake and before he got cheese out of his mouth. He turned around and grabbed a plate off of the table next to me and bolted for the kitchen? I thought that someone called him and that he would be back to take my order. Nope! 5 minutes later he dropped off my friends plate and took off again. Of course this if funny to everyone else. I sat there fumming. He came back to collect the plate and I asked him why he didn't ask me what I wanted? He said that I didn't want anything. What The F*%#@. I didn't have time to say anything. He asked if I wanted it now. I replied by saying. Why, so my friend can watch me eat, like I did to him. He just walked away. I still gave him 15%. But I will tell everyone I know what a crap hole this place is. Thanks for ruining my last night in Vegas.
2	We came here on Halloween, first time and due to seeing all of the TV's everywhere we really wanted to watch a football game. The hostess was kind enough, none of them are like super friendly or anything, but she did her job. The waitress on the other hand, cute outfit and all, was kind of out of it. She talked us into getting the bucket of beers, I thought the 2-4-1 deal was better, but too late.....Anyways, we ordered wings, hubby and I split a cobb salad and got the fries. Food was meh...The wings, while nice and meaty, HAD NO SAUCE.....We communicated this to our waitress, and instead of investigating this, she basically refused to do anything at all and told us, "just put tobasco, our sauce is basically ketchup anyways." So helpful, NO! We communicated our disappointment with a mediocre tip. Overall, we will go anywhere else but here next time we are hungry and wanting to watch a game.
3	Wanted a good "cheap eat" burger and stumbled upon this place.  What more can I ask for?  Sunday night football and a good, solid tasting burger.  The wait was no more than 5 minutes as I initially thought it would be longer because of the evening game.  Nothing special inside, although there is a 15 ft screen on the wall showing the game over the bar.  Otherwise, a typical sports/restaurant bar type place with decent prices I might add.Typical 1/2 lb beefy burgers are $11-$19 depending on what you get.  I got the Le Paris, but without the brie, since I'm not a fan of it.  I got it with American instead.  The burger itself is very good, juicy, dripping in fat.  On top of that, their beer bucket is $20 for 5 beers, can't beat that in Vegas.  I got the waffle fries, which were seasoned well.
2	This is my first stop when I arrived at Vegas.  The decor and atmosphere was more like a sports bar than anything else.  I ordered a hawaiian chicken burger. It was the most digusting chicken burger I've ever tasted. The chicken tasted very artificial, almost like styrofoam or something. It just didn't taste like chicken at all. Sadly, a McDonald's McChicken taste way better, however, I don't like McChickens.  There were small pieces of bones insinde the chicken, so I ended not finishing my burger. Without a doubt, the chicken patty was frozen stuff from Costco or something.  It was very poor value as the burger cost almost 15 dollars yet it came with no fries or anything else.  Service was friendly and food was delivered to the table quickly, but again, quality was very disappointing.
3	Really slow service. The foods really good. Hot waitresses.
5	Great place.  $5 for 16oz Bud Light.  The best burgers in Vegas at very reasonable prices.  Great eye candy servers and even a few of the managers.  Add anything you want on the burger, it's yours.  Always cooked to order and perfect.
4	I have to give the food 4 stars, but the experience 10 stars, if i could.we were in Vegas for the first time, wanting a quick burger.  Little did we know that we would stumble upon this place - delicious, reasonably priced food (except the $777 Kobe burger and bottle of Dom).  The loaded waffle fries were delicious, but not as plentiful as i would've hoped.  The sliders were awesome.but the best part of the meal was our waitress, Bria, and the rest of the staff.  super friendly, chatty, and funny.  and not in the typical Vegas way, where people talk to you because they want higher tips.  stop by for a drink or a bite, it will be worth the $20 tab.
3	So, at first glance, I thought this place was more of an upscale burger joint... Part of that is true. It's more like a Hooter's where you can get an upscale-tasting burger. Which is also, okay by me. I had the Italian, which was pretty tasty, and the waffle fries were delicious. Our table also shared an Eiffel tower of beer, that I really wish I would have taken a picture of. There's a cylinder of ice in the tower that keeps the beer cold, and a tap at the base for easy pouring. All in all, a pretty decent experience, a pretty tasty burger.
4	I like this place for one reason only, and that is their burgers. I don't normally crave a burger unless it happens to be an In N Out cheeseburger, but something about these burgers I absolutely crave. For starters, you have a variety of options to build your own burger. You can pick what kind of bun you want, what kind of cheese, what toppings, etc. My favorite creation is the blue cheese burger on a roasted tomato bun w/mushrooms, grilled onions, lettuce, tomato, mayo and ketchup (disgusting I know, but so delicious!). Their fries are also really good and the fry sampler is large enough to share with a group.
3	This is your typical "fancy" burger joint.  Or at least a joint that tries to be fancy.  This is basically just a sports bar that serves burgers with French names so they can charge more.I did like their selection of burgers (salmon, chicken, veggie, turkey and beef).  Both my wife and I ordered the "Le Paris" burger that had brie, smoked bacon and caramelized onions.  I ordered the beef burger and she ordered the chicken one.  We also ordered the fry sampler with waffle and petite fries.The burgers were pretty tasty and a good size.  My only complaint was that the meat was VERY VERY salty.  Both the beef and chicken were seasoned with something with tons of salt.  The waffle fries were ok but the other ones were just 'eh.  They needed some kind of aioli.Our waitress was fast and friendly and the bill was not too unreasonable because it is over-priced Vegas after all.  With tons of other burger joints in Vegas I probably will not return to this one.
4	Milkshake was AWESOME!I got the Espresso Milkshake and it came in a big glass with a mountain of whip cream.  Enough for more than 2 people to share.  I also had the Le Italian burger (arugala, mozzerella, and pancetta) and waffle fries which were good...but the milkshake was the best thing there.  Service was a little slow...or maybe we were just anxious to gamble.  Prices are "reasonable" Vegas prices, just win your money back after the lunch.Good place to stop for a casual (non-buffet) meal in Vegas.
4	Lots of choices for where to eat in Las Vegas.  This is definitely one I would go to again.  Yes, the half naked women was a bonus, but the large selection of beer didn't hurt either!
3	The burgers here are pretty solid for a fancy burger restaurant. There was a great selection of patty meat (salmon, lamb, beef, kobe beef, etc) and buns (oven roasted tomato, caramelized onion, etc), but I think that's expected from a burger they charge more than $10 each.I got the Saveur medium rare, which is a lamb burger, with fresh mozzarella, mushrooms, the usual fixings, and oven roasted tomato bun. It was delicious and just as expected, but I could not finish the burger because the lamb flavor became very strong. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the burger, but it just simply did not blow me out of the water.We also got the french fry platter to share. Also very standard, nothing special, and if anything, a little bit too salty than the average french fry. All in all, not a place I would crave to come back but wouldn't mind to pop in for a bite or if I'm in the mood for something more than the standard American burger.
2	Yeah, just "Meh" for me. It was a solid burger, but nothing spectacular. If you want a good burger and you're in Paris or Bally's, you'll get your burger fix here. But, if you're like me and specifically seeking out a *great* burger in Vegas, you might be disappointed by Le Burger Brasserie. I'd give it 2.5 stars if I could, but it's not quite 3 stars in my book.
4	Great Burger!  Awesome fries, good service. who could ask for anything more in vegas?  This is also a very cute part of the Paris hotel/casino that I'd never been in before.
4	Le Burger Brasserie is a nice little place to grab a quick snack, nice dinner, or just drinks. Two times daily they have happy hour where you get 2-4-1 beer and well drinks, 4-7 and 9 - close I believe are the times. Happy hour is available at the bar only, not the restaurant. The Burgers look delicious although I have not tried them yet. The frites are to die for, you have a choice of petit, grande, or waffle, or get the sampler with your choice of any two or any three. There are several screens located around the restaurant and at the bar, inluding one large screen at the bar, for your sports viewing pleasure. The women in this joint all wear red corsettes and black short shorts. One of the waitresses, LaLa, really took me by surprise when I came in two days or so from my last visit and new my order. It was only the second time I have seen her, so kudos to her. The staff here are all friendly. If you find yourself  in the mood for burgers and booze, and a little sports, then check out Le Burger Brasseri.
4	Carnivore's delight! I decided to check out Le Burger since I've been to the one in Mandalay Bay. And it was just as good.  I'm not one to ruin a perfectly prepared burger. So I got a very simple burger with American cheese, mushrooms and onions. MEDIUM RARE of course! And it was cooked perfect. The only thing I didn't care for was the lack of toppings or the option to "build your own burger". Other than that, it was delish.Service here is where they can really improve on. It took quite awhile for the bartender to acknowledge me, longer to get a beer, and even longer to ask if I was going to eat or not! And there was only one othe person at the bar eating at the time. And the dining room was fairly empty. I'll be back.
4	Very surprised by this place.  I expected it to be so so as it was a sports bar with a frenchified flair in the Paris hotel, however it was well above your expected "sports bar" type food.  I would definately eat here again, and i will suggest the Wedge cut fries.  They were my favorite of all three styles as we got the sampler, and the wedgies were.... mmmmm.... soo good.
5	I had this on my list of places to try in Vegas because of Man V. Food.  I saw the $777 burger and wanted to try it (without the champagne, which makes it $77).  This has ruined me for other burgers!It's a kobe beef burger, topped with 100 year old balsamic vinegar, imported brie, imported proscuitto, carmelized onions and a lobster tail.First of all, this burger is very big.  Two of us shared it and were stuffed.  So when you look at it relative to the price, it's the same as having 2 entrees at a normal restaurant.Secondly, it was the best burger I have ever had.  The beef was so tender and delicious, it melted in your mouth.  Add in the toppings (including the perfectly cooked lobster tail), and it was heaven!!!!We actually considered going back for a second one later in the trip just because we knew we could not get one back home.  As far as the other items on the menu, we tried an appetizer combo, which was very good (loved the wings).  We also tried an order of skinny fried, which were OK (I'm not a huge fry person).
5	Stopped in on a whim and had a Peanut Butter & Banana Shake, along with a Brie Cheese and Bacon Burger. Best burger I ever had. They server 3 different style of fries. You can get a sampler platter if you can't decide. If you get to the Paris or Bally's (this place is in between the two) you should stop in
5	I was here last summer and had the "Steak et Fromage", the french take on a philly cheese steak sandwhich. It came with a little side of dipping sauce and the mixture was amazing.I seriously crave it.my mouth is watering just thinking about it...in fact, I am going to vegas again and this is going to be my birthday meal!
4	We were hungry, not sure what we wanted with 2 kids in a casino.  We ended up at Le Burger.  Food was great, over priced, but this is Vegas and everything is over priced on the strip, so their prices were no more so than everywhere else.  We have a very good waiter and were attended to regularly.  The burger was excellent!  Could not have been better.  The chicken Caesar salads were excellent too!
4	Yummy food! pretty good prices... super cute outfits too!  Casual sports bar feeling~ I dig it :)
3	A colleague and I stopped in here after a reception at Bally's next door.  We were up for a small meal, having had light bites at the reception.We opted to eat at the bar after walking in past the empty podium.  We asked if we could sit anywhere and were told to check in at the podium.  We went back out to the podium and there was now a line and someone taking names.  Perfect.  So we opted for the bar.We were served by the bartender and occasionally one of the waitresses.  The bartenders wore long pants and button-up short sleeve shirts.  The waitresses wore a belt that looked like shorts and a revealing top with push up bras.  The bartender was not hot.  The waitresses were.We were sitting next to a couple chowdah heads from Massachusetts.  They had lame swagger and were throwing attitude at the bartender which he was tossing right back.One of them tried to hit on the waitress, offering up his room number.  She scrawled a quick "0" on a napkin and handed it to him, replying that his number was zero.I had sliders which were ok, nothing special.  The company and staff were amusing in a very Vegas sort of way.
3	So happy hour stuck us at the bar and we were hungrier than two retired seniors ready for their social security check.I could not judge this place well, I was hungry.I did not like the attitude of the hostess, they just looked apathetic. I recieve better service from cranky Bruno at the local bar. Next it took longer than it should to get a drink order and a meal order.We got our food and vacuumed it all down.  It felt on par with a screwy Fuddruckers (not as good as a normal Fudds).So what is the theme?I did not feel that there was anything special, other than the two lazy ass chicks in the front.Go somewhere else.If you need a burger and a pretty girl, by a calendar and check out Miccy Dees.
3	The salmon burger was fair and the yam fries excellent.  They had modello especial on tap which was nice.  The service was friendly.  They've got kobe beef and other burger options as well.
4	This is another one of those places to get a fancy $12 or so burger.  I had the Paris burger (brie, caramelized onions, and smoked bacon) and it was an excellent choice.  I asked for it cooked medium rare and it was cooked perfectly.  Good flavors... still a little pricey for a burger at $12.  But.. worth it IMHO.  You do also pay for the ambiance.  The waitress was very accommodating to our rather larger party (about 20 people).  For sides, we had the fries, onion rings and I decided to order a cup of fruit.  I needed a little fruit in my diet after eating mostly meat and potatoes.   Nothing note worthy to say about the sides.  I wish my cup of fruit was a little larger for the price ($5).
4	The Paris burger was delicious! If you're in the area you should definitely check this place out
4	Good value, good food. EXCELLENT SERVICE! We came here for my friend Ray's bday & they were very helpful with seating our table of 9 & our waiter was entertaining & super nice.  Try the french dip cheese steak, it's yummy!
5	How can this place be 3.5 stars, are you kidding me. This review is years in the making as I first ate here about 3 years ago. I will always remember that very first burger as it started my infatuation with finding the planet's best burger, and thus far, the Brasserie takes top spot.  Why is it such an amazing burger you ask? Well pull up a seat and let me regail you about one of the best burgers this continent can offer.First, you get your choice of everything. You choose the bun, the cheese, every single topping you can fathom, and my favorite, the doneness of your burger. It's an extra little detail that for me, helps set brasserie apart.....that and the 777 burger, but thats another tale entirely. From first to last bite, this burger is everything you want it to be and more. The bun is absolutley delicious, made fresh everyday, and the toppings just cant be beat. Though Vegas does have burger joints like Hubert's Burger Bar and Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill, Brasserie in the Paris should be on the itinerary for any self respecting carnivore.Eat, and thou shall be saved!
5	This place was recommended to me several times by a friend, he told me they make the best burgers he has tried. He was not kidding. The food is amazing and prices are great.
4	I decided to give Le Burger Brasserie a try since I've already been to other popular burger spots of the Strip, Burger Bar and BLT Burger.  And no, I didn't try the $777 Burger with or without the bottle of Dom.What I like about staying at the Harrah's properties is how they give you discount coupons to restaurants from each property.  They gave me a $5 off coupon for Le Burger Brasserie, so that instantly swayed me to go here for a burger.  I liked how they were open at 10:30am on Sunday for NFL Football (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=LFdFH85CuVO5dzMaLtyXqg).  All the waiters and waitress were sporting NFL team jerseys.  The atmosphere was fun and how great is it to be watching NFL Football with crazy fans while enjoying a good burger.  It's a great combination!I ordered the Le Kobe Burger with a Fried Egg for my topping (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=HsoANJwhGAc8lvRlmqGUMA) because who doesn't like Fried Eggs on their Burgers?  Along with some Skinny Fries.  Had my burger cooked medium rare, though it was more medium well.  But it was ok since it was the morning that I arrived in Vegas and I was super hungry that I wanted to just devour something.  The Kobe Burger was ok, but since they overcooked it to medium well,  it wasn't as good as the one I had over at Burger Bar.  Still good nonetheless and the Fries were very crispy and seasoned well.Fun dining experience and maybe down the road I'll try their $777 Burger, without the bottle of Dom of course.  4 Stars!
4	My boss was raving about this place so I met up with him and my coworkers here.  Nestled in a sea of greatness in the Paris hotel, this burger place is an amazing prize.  I ordered the Paris burger with brie cheese and bacon - two things that are always great in my book.  I had waffle fries which were delicious and we split onion rings - perfectly fried and amazingly tasty.  I rounded out my meal with a strawberry frozen mojito - I literally chugged it down because I couldn't stop.  The food was delicious and the servings are huge - top that off with surrounding flat screens to watch all your favorite teams and you never have to leave.  This would be a great place to drop the bf or hubs off while the ladies spent big cash in the awesome shops around the area.
4	My first time here was pretty awesome.  The awesomeness may have been enhanced from the many vodka drinks consumed prior to my arrival, but hey, either way we had a great time!They have happy hour twice a day (4-7 and reverse).  We didn't make it there for happy hour, but I'm still a fan!  Located in the walkway between Paris and Bally's, just outside the Bally's Casino floor.  Cute girls standing outside, good energy and bar atmosphere inside. Our server was nice, nothing too memorable, but like I said we had enjoyed a few cocktails, and I don't remember pissing her off, so she was great!We ordered a bucket of 5 beers for $20 and the Paris Burger with waffle fries (frites) to split. The burger was scrumptious with Brie and bacon and the waffle fries had great seasoning!We were pretty full after that, but there was so much more we wanted to try.  The petit frites and the grande frites, sliders, veggie burger, lamb burger, the 777 burger (if someone else is buying), or maybe even the 100 oz beer tower!  Who knows what we'll try when we go back; but one thing is for sure, we WILL go back!
4	Rack of lamb delicious. This place lamb burger couldn't tell it apart from a regular burger, but it was still awesome. The waffle fries were some the best I've ever had. It's a bit more toned down compared to other Vegas restaurants but still some good food at a good priceTVs all around for your watching entertaiment
5	I've never yelp'd but this place is a fun place to watch the game and enjoy a goood burger....
5	Get the 777 Burger without the champagne and it's only $77. It's a kobe beef patty, lobster tail, imported brie cheese, carmelized onions, 100 year old balsamic. Definitely worth trying once! Probably the best thing I've ever ate.
4	Upscale sports bar. TVs and screens all over but somehow it didn't overtake the place, even with all of the Saturday games on. The waitresses wear can-can type outfits but didn't look so bad that it makes you lose your appetite. I had the Coupe - chopped salad. It was good. Others at the table had salads and didn't enjoy them as much, mainly the grilled chicken salad. According to the waitress that the chefs make the candied walnuts every day and each has a different recipe. We much have been there with the 'off' chef since it was some random pecans scattered - not even walnuts - and they weren't candied. Others enjoyed their burgers. The tower of onion rings was very good and very plentiful - enough for multiple people. Service overall was good.  I think because each waitress only had a few tables so it was easier to continually get drink refills.Saturdays at 8pm starts Happy Hour with $3 domestics and $5 wells.
3	My girlfriend and I went here and we had a great experience. The food was really good and the service was quick and on top of things.The only thing I didn't like about the restaurant is that it is basically an upscale sports bar. It was a Sunday and there were a few people watching the football games that were being shown on the TVs but it might as well have been a group of 40 people since these guys were screaming and thrashing around.I recommend this place because the food was good and it was fun. But if you're not expecting to see sports being shown and people being loud, then you're in for a surprise and might not like it.
5	This is a great spot to enjoy a good game and a great burger!!! The prices are a bit steep, but this isn't old Vegas anymore!!! Build your burger from the bun, to the meat, to the toppings. Though there are other food options, you would be amiss to eat anything other than a burger. If you have happen to hit the jackpot, order the 777 burger. For $777.00 you can enjoy a Kobe beef burger, topped with Fois Gras, a Maine lobster tail, and a 100 year aged Balsamic vinegar, alongside a bottle of Dom Perignon Rose (you can order the burger a la carte also, nut why would you want to?).
4	We were hoping to eat at elsewhere in Paris, but a Saturday around noon is a bad time to go out and eat... We walked passed the line of a hundred people for the buffet, and came across Le Burger Brasserie, which we had tried before and liked. There was no wait (woohoo!), so we chose to dine here. The environment is cool here because they have like 40,000 TVs with various college football games playing (Saturdays, obviously), so when your group is quiet from being hung over, there is still lots of entertainment. The burgers generally are pretty good. Le Paris, the burger my BF & I both ordered, was really undercooked, and my BFs was overcooked, so we switched patties to save time. (That true love right there.) The fries are intense. We had a party of four, so we got all three choices to share, and that was WAY too many fries for us. We ate maybe half. I'd stick with just the waffle fries and skinny fries next time. Our service was sporadic, and it took a while to get the check. It's nothing life-changing, but it's a good choice for when you need some food to feed that hangover, and the line for the buffet almost ends in front of this restaurant. I'd come back.
4	Review is for the Happy Hour.We were walking by and saw the happy hour sign. $3 Skyy cocktails...why yes thank you, I'll take 12! We sat at the bar, watched some football, talked to some cool people, and drank alot of $3 Skyy cocktails. While Skyy is not my usual vodka of choice, the $3 cocktails were cheap and strong...a great combination for a night in Vegas. The bartender was awesome and kept those cheap strong drinks flowing. This is a great spot to watch a game.
3	Convenient if you are staying at Paris or Bally's (it is in between).  $11 burgers don't come with fries so it is a bit spendy. That said, they have a large assortment of burgers, beef, chicken, lamb, salmon, veggie and tons of toppings.I had the veggie burger topped with spinach and brie. I added a side of fried for $3.99.Good, friendly service. Bar is convenient for dining alone.
3	The food was very good- although we had just arrived after being in the car for 9 hours so anything better than gas station chips and soda would have been wonderful. Throughout the restaurant there are many HUGE flatscreens and projection TVs that are great for watching sports- although they didn't have an NHL channel and we couldn't watch the game. Two of my friends ordered a huge beer tower which was great fun for all.
3	The burgers here were good but not stellar. I had a chicken burger with brie, smoked bacon, and shallots, while my friend had the "le classique" beef burger with brie and some other toppings that have slipped my mind. All burgers come served with lettuce, tomato, red onion, a pickle, and your choice of house-baked bun. We also ordered a french fry sampler of skinny and waffle fries. The fries were outstanding--perfectly crispy and seasoned, with no greasy residue. The mistake we made was that we ordered a sampler, when one order of fries is more than enough to feed two people with average appetites. Our server was Nicoletta and she was very friendly and provided excellent service. The price was reasonable, and they have great Happy Hour specials. Would we go here again? There's a slim possibility, but there are so many great burger joints in Las Vegas, this would be on the bottom of our list. In the future, come here for the Happy Hour specials and the french fries. They also have lots of flatscreens, so this would be a good option for those who want to watch the game over a beer.
4	We were staying at the Paris for a friend's bday weekend.  We walked around the hotel to find somewhere for a quick bite before we got ready for our night out on the town.  We decided on this spot and only had to wait 5 minutes to be seated.  The server was very nice and the burgers were delicious!  All 4 of us really enjoyed our food!  I will definitely return again next time I am in Vegas.
5	The irony of my visit here was that I meant to eat at one of the French (or more like French "inspired") restaurants here in Paris and instead decided to opt out of my crepe craving and do it American style and bastardize it by having a burger at a pseudo French burger spot. I don't want to waste your time with me droning on about the ambiance, swanky red and black interior, bar in the middle, dim lighting and several LCD tvs around the area. The sexy (some) servers in their skimpy red corsets and black boy shorts.A girlfriend and I choose the following:In true American fashion, I ordered the Le Paris burger-medium.Brie, smoked bacon, and caramelized onion on the oven dried tomato bun.She had the NY strip steak (medium) with waffle cut French fries. They have 3 types of french fries:Thin (petit)Steak cut (pomme)WaffleMost joints usually include fries with your burger, I'm surprised to find out that's not the case here. I thought maybe I could just have some of hers, but last minute to get my own thin cut fries.The server goofed on the order and got me the waffle fries too. I didn't care too much to correct her and I'm glad I didn't cause they were yumm-o! Nicely salted, and felt like I was snacking on chips. The burger was delicious. I forgot there were any onions because they were nicely caramelized blended well with the smoked bacon. The tomato bun was a nice touch to it., and a side of a pickle. I wish there were more brie...The steak was good too. I like to ruin my steak with A1, and I enjoyed this without it. All in all, a nice place to go if you're craving a good burger. Definitey coming here again. Wish I had the extra $777 to blow on the infamous 777 Burger.To note: I'm not a huge burger fan, and for some odd reason I was craving one that day. I still day dream about the burger I had there.
4	She got wings she got a haloIt seems to me so unnaturalCos that's one thing that I just don't knowWhat seems to be so incredible...at Le Burger Brasserie! - Akon (angel)Located close to the connector between the entrance of bally's and paris shops, is this cool sports bar. It looks upscale but the prices are very reasonable (especially for vegas) and not to mention there's a ton of tv's with a good view from almost every seat in the restaurant. I ordered the classic burger w/ sauteed mushrooms on a toasted sesame bun (they let you choose your bun and toppings) and while the burger was cooked well, the mushrooms were overly salted. It was also somewhat messy to eat, probably should've used a knife/fork now that i think about it lol. The waffle fries (which you have to order separately) were really tasty though so thumbs up for that. I did however enjoy the exciting football game that was on (although disappointed that the seahawks won). One other thing that i would like to mention is that although the menu has alot of french names for their food, it doesn't seem like this restaurant is french inspired at all...more like an american sports bar with a french theme.Food: 3.5 stars --- Service: 4 stars --- Atmosphere: 5 stars --- Price(value): 4 stars
5	my server angelique was great and absolutely beautiful... the food was really good too
4	We enjoyed our experience here. The burgers are solid but the waffle frites are a must! The fries are crispy and delicious. We had the beignets for dessert and they were fresh and warm. I haven't tried many beignets in my life, but these were very good. It was covered in powdered sugar and had a small side of strawberries, whipped cream and chocolate sauce. I think Burger Bar and KGB burgers are a bit tastier overall but the waffle frites here is what sets them apart.
2	Ok burger... Bit pricey, odd atmosphere, slow service. Not the best place in Vegas for a burger. Probably not even in the top 20 in Vegas. Lame atmosphere also...feel free to skip this place and enjoy one of the many other great Vegas places.
5	This place is right in the middle of Bally's and Paris. We had just flown in and we were all starving and being here for 2 21st birthdays we were also wanted some DRINKS!!!!! We started out with the fried cheese, and no not just your normal Mozzarella..... 2 pieces of fried Mozzarella, 2 pieces of fried American cheese, AND 2 pieces of fried Pepperjack cheese. And it was SOOOOO GOOD!!!!!!! The American and Pepperjack were different, the only thing I would request is to either make the pieces a little larger or add a few more pieces of cheese, because for the price they charge I don't think the portion is equal to the price. We all had a few beers and ordered burgers. Their burgers are served on homemade buns with different flavors baked in including: Caramelized Onion, Parmesan, Wheat, and a few others that I know I am forgetting. I got a burger cooked medium-rare with Cheddar cheese, Caramelized Onions, and Bacon on a Caramelized onion bun. It was cooked perfectly, seasoned well, and tasted absolutely phenomenal. My friend got the Kobe Beef Burger and was actually a little disappointed. It was overcooked and really not the way a Kobe Beef Burger should taste. We also got an order of Pommes Frites for the 4 of us to share. The fries were not too fabulous but they were good.All in all awesome food. great drinks, good service!!!
4	Does Le Burger deliver a pretty good Burger? It does indeed.Do they offer a wide variety of toppings, buns, and condiments? they doDo they offer decent non beef options? YesAre their salad offerings respectable? Kind of. just ask for dressing on the side as theyre heavy handed in their tossingDoes Le Burger deliver a burger experience on par with Burger Bar and LBT Burgers? Pretty much so.If you have a HARRAHS Rewards card, you can use it here to subsidize or comp meal depending on your reward points.It is located in mall area that connects PARIS and BALLYS. However, it is much closer to Bally's sideThe Greek Burger here is a winner. Ground Lamb. Feta. Kalamata. GreatSkip the Pomme Frittes here which are basically MCdonalds FriesGo for the Seasoned Waffle Fries or the massive Onion Ring tower
3	The Savieur (Lamb Burger) was very good. waffle fries were seasoned and cooked perfectly. Unfortunately, my partner got sick off the salmon. Service was good. The sun dried tomato bun was excellent.
5	This place was fantastic! And a great deal too!Service: 5 stars. The Hostesses,  the waiter, and even the waterboy were all over it. The Food: 4+ stars! I had the "Tour D' America" which consisted of 3 hotdogs (Chicago, NY, and LA). Yah yah... I know... I got hotdogs at a burger joint. So sue me! These dogs were fantastic little units (think dog sliders). The weiners had a nice snap to them and the toppings were spot on. The Chicago dog wasn't really authentic (no poppy seeds, celery salt or neon relish), but was still delish. My wife's burger was great. Tender, juicy, and super flavorful. We got waffle fries (amazing!) and steak fries (not bad, but not so good).Ambience: 5 stars! Beautiful! Fun, just loud enough, clean and crisp. Sweet!
3	Valentines 2/14/11. This was our second time here this year. We were originally going to go get prime rib at one of our favorite places but decided on something a little more light then a huge steak dinner. The first time here Lace got a rare regular cheeseburger and loved it. This time she tried the Kobe beef burger for $8 more and did not think it was much better than a regular burger.I had ordered the turkey burger and thought it was decent. The only place I have been amazed by the turkey burgers is the chain of restuaraunts in Minneapolis (Edina grill, Longfellow grill ect...)  I added crab meat on top of it as well but the onions and spices in the burger overpowered the crab meat and I wasn't able to notice the taste.When you have a favorite place for a specific item it is hard to compare a new place to it when ordering the same item. Overall the burgers are good for the price on the strip. The waitresses dress in corsets and are very polite and on top of orders and service.
4	Had the best cheeseburger ever and I dont really even eat burgers. The salmon burger was a bit fishy but the place is really fun!!
1	My boyfriend and I arrived in Vegas late in the evening on the Saturday before Valentine's Day and we were hungry from all the traveling. I've been here before and I enjoyed the food here - but this place did a full 180 during my most recent visit.1. The food was COLD. The place wasn't really that busy, being that it was 10:00pm, but our waitress seemed to be so frazzled the whole night. It took a while for us to order and receive our food. My boyfriend ordered the kobe burger and I decided on the lamb burger, in addition to an onion ring tower. When the food finally arrived, with the onion ring appetizer arriving after the burgers, we found out that everything was room temperature or cold. However, I was so hungry that I decided to ignore it.2. FOREIGN OBJECTS in the burger. Halfway through my burger, I bit something hard. It turns out that it was a hardened piece of PLASTIC from the patty casing. I immediately reported this to the waitress and she apologized and went to the back to talk to the chef. She same back and asked if I wanted a new burger, which of course I said yes (I was still hungry!). 5 min later, she delivered a fresh HOT lamb burger and it was very tasty. The burger was comp'd from the check.I think the only good thing that I experienced during my last visit here is that they make a delicious frozen raspberry mojito. Cheers!
3	Sadly, I have to rate 3 Stars because the service was so incredibly poor.  The food was 5 Stars but poor service can kill the best food anytime.Saturday night.  Seated right in front of the wide screen TV.  Nice.  Our server was kind of slow in greeting us but nevertheless I didn't mind because I wanted time to review the menu.  We ordered two burgers, fries, cole slaw and diet cokes.  We waited more than 40 minutes to get anything.  In fact, I thought our waiter went home.  Ironically the table next to us had a waitress who was very attentive and made many many passes.Right before we were about to get up and ask for a manager, our waiter came by and said "Oh the kitchen has been running through all the larger parties orders but YOURS is next for sure".I can deal with 12 bucks for a burger a la carte but it needs to come with better service than your average Dennys.Not sure about a return visit.  Maybe we just got a lazy server by bad luck of the draw.
4	Great burger place in the Paris with friendly service and a good bar.  Kudos for much more than a beef patty option, and home made buns.  Now I will say we stopped in mid afternoon, long after the lunch rush and before the happy hour crunch so service was great and the food hot.  We substituted the type of cheese on the burgers without any problems.  My ice tea was continuously refilled and the fries were hot and fresh.  The waitress chatted amicably.  We had been here before and found it to be consistent with previous visits.  I would recommend Le Berger if you want a casual meal in the Paris hotel.
4	Normally I'm skeptical when it comes to burger restaurants (since I usually get tired of boring burgers quickly!), but I have to say the lamb burger is amazing! Cooked well, nice and hot, and filling. They also have an assortment of fries, to which I would agree the waffle fries are the best out of the three (and with the ranch for dipping... ugh, let me wipe off some drool!) On top of that, the dessert sliders are really something else! The dessert sliders are shaped like the name, little burger like dessert treats that are sweet and addicting. I would recommend for anyone who does eat here, order the dessert sliders at least once for the experience!Happy hour is also a great deal at this location, reasonable and a good assortment of drinks to choose from. I've only been here once, but from my first time around I'm interested in coming back again when I'm down that way on The Strip!
4	I had a great experience here on a Wednesday evening/happy hour. I'd come here because I'd received a $5 off coupon when I checked into Paris on Foursquare, and I'm a sucker for a coupon that brings overpriced food down to reasonable prices.I ate at the bar and had great service throughout the evening. My burger with bacon and brie was delicious! They were also serving $1 drafts of Blue Moon and Stella for happy hour - not a bad deal at all. Sure, the pricing on the burgers is a little high, especially since they come a la carte. But the burger was big enough that I was stuffed after eating it - no need for fries or any other kind of side item.Overall I was very pleased with this place. I know they run a lot of good drink specials to bring folks in since they're located in an awkward place between Bally's and Paris. Check them out! But sit at the bar.
4	Very good burgers.  They were tasty and well crafted.  They run from $8.99-$77.  The $77 one has lobster, 100 year old balsamic dressing, and a lot of hoopla.  The simple crafted burgers though are very good.  I had the blue and the wife had the brie burger.  They have a wide selection of buns to complete your burger as well.  The fries were ok.  We got the steak fries.  The service was very good.  The waitresses are dressed pretty provocatively so I dont know if I would bring too young of children in there.  They had the NCAA games on their many screens throughout the restaurant so this would be a great place to watch any of your sports desires.Overall we really enjoyed it and if we were on this side of the strip would go back.
4	Decent food. Average prices for the drinks. Some are a little ridiculous so be warned ($9 for a kamikaze shot, $11 for vodka redbull). The girls working are all gorgeous, but in turn that also attracts a lot of creepy uncle type guys who sit around the bar being the most awkward possible. All in all, average places to eat. Paris and Ballys are not my favorite spots for food and drink.
2	Overall, meh. Went out to grab what I was hoping would be an excellent burger to kick off a three-day convention slog in Vegas. The Paris burger with caramelized onion and Brie was well-prepared - but I can do better with ingredients from Safeway, and the raved-about waffle fries from other reviews were very obviously straight out of a frozen bag. Pickle was quite good, though. Living in San Francisco has spoiled me.Beers on tap were mostly your standard domestic fare; Bud, Miller Lite, etc. - at least they had Stella and Sam Adams... Staff was pretty on-the-ball and quite friendly, if I could give them four stars separately, I would. However, given the chance for a do-over - I'd go back to Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay. Much better beer selection, better ingredients.
4	The restaurant is in the pathway between Bally's and Paris hotels.  Being a sports bar, the ambiance is fun but also elegant.  We enjoyed good burgers for a fair price.
3	Basically a burger joint with a Hooters-like atmosphere in Paris Hotel / Casino.. The gals wear scantily clad outfits (hot pants and tight bustier tops) serving burgers and fries with plenty of add-ons. My fave was plain burger cooked medium with a fried egg, cheddar, and carmelized onions with thin-cut fries. Not too shabby with great beer. Oh, did i mention they have a 120oz beer? Overall they had 4 stars for burger, but the service was slow.
4	Very pricey (though not so much by Vegas standards), but very good chicken burger.  Good service (from Nicolette), and nice atmosphere.  The fries are 'deep-fried', crispy and spicy, which I don't like -- but that's just personal preference.  If I was in the area again and couldn't think of a better option, it would be a fine backup place.
3	Went here with the wife on our last visit to Vegas.  Looked up a couple of the new Burger places online and we decided this is the one to try. I wish we would of gone somewhere else. The burgers we ordered were great. Cooked just the way we ordered them. The bread for the buns were toasted perfectly. Our issues were the fries. We ordered the sampler with their three fries. All three looked and tasted like any frozen fries you could buy at the store. Remarkably unremarkable.  A good buyer is only half the meal. You have to have good fries. With the options available there in Vegas, I would choose to try somewhere else rather than go back.
3	Don't get fooled by the Trio of fries!!!If i see a fries sampler, i always want to get all of them. It said on the menu- waffle fries, steak fries and petit fries. You would think petit fries would be shoestrings (a neighbor made the same mistake), but they were just mini waffle fries. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AjWFFZN8KwyqJzzi0DyEsw?select=F4NLspbB1o4xetDmIEKmXQ. You're better off just ordering two different kinds. We ended up too full and not even finishing half of the trio order. Good to share though between 4 people or more. I got the signature burger Le Paris. Comes with brie, caramelized onions and bacon. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AjWFFZN8KwyqJzzi0DyEsw?select=5ZAFIRT5zqm6FeTlTH-9zg Tony got the Le Blue http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AjWFFZN8KwyqJzzi0DyEsw?select=t3WtvkSrPOn7tGN-TZwrLw with blue cheese, avo and bacon. The burgers were decent, but at 12 bucks each, i wanted Uhmaaazzing and they were not. The hefty burger patty was perfectly round and flattened, but i like my hamburger kind of mishapen so you get those nice charred marks around the edges. Service was friendly, everything tasted ok, but i wasn't wowed enough to add to my vegas favorites. Inside the Paris Hotel. Buddies: please chime in on your best burger in vegas!
3	Our burgers were good. I was really pleased with the flavor. We also order the onion tower. It took a while for our feed even though it was fairly empty. The tower was a little cold. If you are staying at bally's they give you a coupon book and one of the coupons is to get 5 dollars off.
4	Located inside Paris Hotel and Casino....slightly upscale sports bar. Food is pretty good, nice selection of gourmet burgers, plus some other standard fare. Good selection of beers to go well with your burger choices. We ended up here while visiting my mom in Vegas and looking for a place to watch a Laker's playoff game. We showed up a few mins before game time, told the hostess we wanted a table with a view of the Laker game. They were more than accommodating. Our server was amazing, she was there if we needed her, but was not on top of us to rush us alone. One of the amazing things is after we finished eating, she told us we can take our time, enjoy the game and leave when ever we wanted. We stayed through the entire game. One final note, they have the most beautiful waitresses I've ever seen in a restaurant.
4	We had lunch here and I was surprised it was so good.  I had the lamb burger and waffle fries.  The lamb was perfectly medium, juicy and big.  The fries were crisp on the outside and soft in the inside.  The peanut butter shake was delicious.  Wish I had asked if they could spike it with Malibu Rum.  Oh well.Yes, I agree, $20 for a burger, fries and a shake seems excessive.  But, its in the Paris Shoppes, and everything was fantastic quality.  Having spent $12 on a lamb burger at Unami in L.A. a couple of weeks ago, and it was 1/2 the size of this lamb burger, I have no complaints about the price.
5	I love this place.  Pretty cheap for vegas, good service and atmosphere.  The burgers are amazing, loved le paris and the american was really good too.  Topped it off with some waffle fries and ranch.  I would suggest anyone craving a burger on the strip to check this place.
4	You know what makes a good hamburger?Lamb.Yep, they have a great lamb burger, topped with sauteed mushrooms and mozzarella, and served up on a fresh-baked sesame seed bun.  Get it cooked medium, which makes for a juicy finger-licking experience.Their fries aren't bad, but the portions are big enough for two to share.Prices are Vegas-Strip-Reasonable, which means about $20 for a burger, fries, and a draft beer.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE the filet mignon sandwich!  Fries don't come with the sandwich and have to be ordered separately :(  Drinks are pretty good and the service is decent.  There has only been one time I actually had to wait.  Would recommend for a REALLY good burger or sandwich!
3	Considering the hype about this place, I will admit that I went into this meal with high expectations.  There are lots of menu options and you can customize your burger experience.  It just didn't live up to all the hype.  Without the hype, this place gets 4 stars, but if you go in hoping for a better-than-average burger you won't be disappointed.
4	Wanted to go to a place to eat and watch Lakers game so I decided to try this place out. At first I thought it was some fancy French restaurant but after seeing the girls in their tight brassieres and big screen TVs I was sold. I came to realize this place is basically a burger joint. Most of the menu consists of burgers and the type of foods you eat while watching a sports game. One thing that makes this place different is that they have all types of burgers. Beef, chicken, turkey, veggie, salmon, and lamb. Pretty good variety of meats and a lot of sides to choose from too. I never had a lamb burger before and thought I'd give it a shot. It was very delicious. Moist, tender, and full of flavor. I also liked that it wasn't a messy burger like many are and the skinny fries are amazing! Service was great and prices are very reasonable. Definitely a place I'd go to again.
4	This place is amazing! The lamb burger with mushrooms was absolutely  delicious! The "pomme frites" a.k.a. fries were fresh, crunchy, and perfect. Since it is hard to find a delicious place for a good price, I would have given this 5-stars. Because the waitress took 5-10 minutes to come to us  after being flagged down (none busy hours), I rate this place 4-stars.
4	My wife ate here while in Vegas for a conference.  She ordered the Philly steak sandwich with a side of waffle fries.  The sandwich was huge and stuffed with shaved steak, mushrooms, onions, and provolone cheese (she told them to leave out the peppers).  It came with au jus (which she did not use) and garlic aioli - great flavor!  The waffle fries are priced as a side, but you get a huge amount and they are very tasty.  Her coworker ordered the le classique burger in a combo.  This is a basic burger with choice of 1 added topping, she added cheddar cheese and said the burger was delicious.  Being a combo meant that it came with fries, she chose the steak fries and thought they were well cooked.  All together a great meal!  Maybe a little pricey for the type of food, but not bad at all when compared to other like meals on the Vegas strip!
5	A sports bar worth going to again and again, regardless of the TVs or sporting events.  Go for the food!!!!!GRILLES BURGER- It's a veggie option portabello mushroom burger with spinach & cheese.  I had it on the caramelized onion bun.  Yuh-uh-meee!  My meat eating husband said he would go for this one, next time, even though he thoroughly enjoyed his traditional beef burger!  Deeeelish!SKINNY FRIES - Fab!  Crunchy on the outside, deelish on the inside!  One order feeds 2-3.ONION RINGS - Nice tower of rings.  Start with the biggest, juiciest ones 'cause you can't eat 'em all!  One order feeds 2-3.BEER - Our waitress recommended the pale ale from Bend, OR and it was awesome!SERVICE - Although a lot of reviewers complained about their service, we had nothing but a great server!  Timely, smiley, attentive, and happy!  PRICE - A GREAT price, especially for a place on the strip inside a nice cool casino with ambiance galor.  (between Bally's and Paris)BUNS - OMG, I almost forgot the buns!  All of their burger buns are freshly made by them every day.  Holy cow!  Melt in your mouth goodness.  WAIT TIME - NONE!  7:00pm on a Saturday night, no less!  Woohoo!!We are out of towners and rarely go to Vegas, but when we're back there next we will definitely seek this place out.
2	Ok but nothing to write home about. Good Manhattan though.
3	This is a pretty cool place to hang out....  I'd give it more like 3.5 stars.Friends wanted to grab a late bite to eat at 9:30pm on a Friday night.... only took about 5 minutes or so for them to prep a table for 7.The greeter was very nice and genuine... our server was nice and she dealt with indecision on our part smoothly. And we weren't rushed so it was nice to visit with friends.So... we enjoyed the 100oz beer bong looking thing.... what's great is that there is a cooler thing in it so the beer stays cold... not that it took long to drink 100oz between 4 people.  Also, if you order this... you get to spin the Wheel of Discounts.... we didn't hit it big... just $5 off our bill....I didn't order dinner.... just dessert.... the beignets.... which were NOTHING like the beignets from Cafe du Monde.... so I was pretty disappointed.  They were more like frozen creme puffs that were heated up.... the chocolate sauce was really thin like warm Hersheys syrup... but I think the whip cream was home made... it was silky and smooth.Everyone else ordered dinner and it looked pretty darn tasty. The most appetizing-looking one was the Lamb burger.... I need to go back and check that out.Also, their fries on the appetizer menu.... the one with blue cheese, bacon and avocado... yea... those ones.... were killer.Prices seemed pretty reasonable considering it's a restaurant inside a strip hotel.The 100oz beer was $30.... just to give you an idea.
4	I had the lamb burger with feta and guacamole.  It also came with olives, but I am not a fan of olives, so out they went.  The waffle fries were also quite good, not greasy but a nice crunch to them.  We popped in for lunch, so it wasn't too busy but it looked like they had a great bar and would be a good place to hang out, catch a game and enjoy a burger and a beer or three.
1	Worst meal I've had in Vegas! It's like an upscale Hooters, waitesses are dressed in tight clothing and they can't pronounce their soup of the day. I get this is a guy place with sports playing on tv, plenty of girls walking around in skimpy outfits but the food is just disappointing. Paris has always been one of my favorite hotels in Vegas. It's classy and fun. However, because this sports burger joint is inside paris, every item on the menu starts with "Le". It gets to the point where it just sound silly. Le classique burger is a Carls jr. grade burger and their fries are super over-fried and dry...probably was fried in the morning. I'm not trying to hate on a men's joint....if this is a Hooters, then make it a Hooters, don't put a "Le" in front of it and charge $13 for $3 quality burger. Also, we had to wait 20mins when 2/3 of the restaurant was empty.
5	Great atmosphere, televisions everywhere.  Service was great.  One of the best burgers I have ever had.  I had the bacon guacamole burger, it was awesome!  I am a huge fan if guacamole on burgers, it just adds another dimension of flavor to the burger, and then add the bacon...        W O W!  Can't wait to take my next trip to Las Vegas because I will definitely go there to eat again!!!
4	Inside Paris (in the walkway between Paris and Bally's)  Came here super late on a Friday night with a group of 6, we were seated quickly.  2 for 1 drinks at the bar till close!  Now THAT'S a happy hour!  Ordered pomme frites and kobe burgers.  For the beef lovers, WOW the kobe burgers were awesome!  (Yep, a $20 burger!  eat that carl's jr!)  Order the kobe medium rare with brie and you'll have yourself a good time!  We experienced great service!  The bar area seemed cool, large screen for sports and smaller flat panels for other sports.  And to top off the night, at last call at the bar, they threw our order of 10 long islands into to-go cups!
3	The burgers here are good. Kinda pricey, but solid foundation of offering decent burgers. Is it worth stopping by? Yeah, they have a wide variety of burgers so if you want to check it out, then by all means stop by.
4	Enjoyed our burger here.Located inside Paris......this is a reasonably priced and very tasty option for Vegas.Onion rings were super...nice presentation also.Big screen TV for the football games.Crowded the night we were there....a Monday Nigh tilt of Cowboys vs. Redskins.Yo.
1	Gag! Maggie T. Was so right, this place is awful. The only thing that was digestible was the beer and fries. Ordered a burger that came out COATED in salt. You could actually hear the salt crunch on the first bite. Sent it back immediately after confirming my assessment with the rest of the table. I traded the salt patty for a salad that was equally inedible. No one could finish their meal. Who ever runs this place needs to be sent back to the three dollar burger joint they came from. Wouldn't be surprised to see customers falling out of their chairs when the sodium content in their blood shoots higher that the Stratosphere.Seriously never had a worse burger.
5	I had one of the best burgers of my life here. I had the l'americain burger that comes with a half pound black angus beef patty,American cheese, 3 huge onion rings and mushrooms( I got the burger without mushrooms) you have an option for additional toppings at a fee. I added bacon and a fried egg to my burger. You also have a choice of bun. From sesame seed,wheat and a Parmesan. I took the Parmesan bun and requested a little mayo as the burger does not come with mayo. Man the thing was so big when I tried to take a bite out of it my jaw hurt from trying to take a bite.So I had to kinda press it down more so it wasn't so big. I took the first bite and thought I was in heaven,literally. It was so delicious. Alot of flavor and a very juicy. Not to mention it's generous amount. For a side we got waffle fries and steak fries. Not the best but still very good ! My review is solely based on this burger and it's nice atmosphere. I haven't tried anything else on the menu. All I know is that I will definitely be back for the l'americain just like I had it today on future visits to Vegas !
3	their burgers are comparable with any quality burger joint. overpriced though because of where it is (in paris casino). but their waffle fries are really good. show your TOTAL REWARDS card for a 50 cent discount on every item.took an hour to receive our burgers and the service was adequate at best.
3	This place is good. I had the bacon burger. Burger was actually decent. Fries are great. I also asked for the Martini on the special drinks menu, the picture shows it in a Eiffel tower martini glass. To my surprise, the martini did not come with the Eiffel Tower glass. False advertisment. They had TV's everywhere which was good because football and baseball were both on where we got there! Overall this place is good.
2	I came across this place while looking for good burger joints in Vegas.I think this place is pretty bad.  The service was slow and horrendous.  The waiter brought out a bunch of beers and set them off to the side next to our table (i'm assuming they wanted to bring out and serve all the drinks at once).   The problem was that they seemed to have forgotten about the beers and they just sat there for like 15 minutes getting warm.Trying to get one of the server's attention was also quite the task.  Then the waitress comes and puts down a beer in front of my friend who picks it up to drink...and the waitress proceeds to grab the beer from his hand and says "this one isn't yours!"    What kind of waitress just grabs something out of your hand without saying something first?!Anyways, the variety of fries they had were pretty good but not amazing.  The burgers were also very lackluster.If you want a fancy burger stick to Burger Bar or Holsteins
4	I've eaten here probably about 10 times now, and it's always a pretty good burger option. Nothing crazy amazing but it has good food, friendly bartenders, cute waitresses and normally some kind of drink specials. Plenty of TVs on the walls as well.I stay at Paris a lot, so it's possible that my laziness makes this place seem better than it is, but it has become my go-to spot for a quick cheap meal in Vegas.
1	We were there a few days ago.  The food came very fast, too fast.  It must have been pre cooked and set aside in a chafing dish.  We ordered meduim rare, both burgers came well done.  Mine was marginal but I ate it.  My girlfriend's was a well done salt lick, it was inedible.  It must have been on the bottom of the rest of the burgers and took all the salt.  She ordered another, NO SALT.  15 minutes later, another well done salt lick came out, with the wrong cheese.  She sent it back, again asking for no salt.  The third burger came out, 15 minutes later, it was inedible.  It had a layer of grease on it like it had been cooked on a flat top that had not been cleaned in a month.  It was disgusting.  I had the displeasure of tasting it and had a coating of grease in my mouth for an hour.The manager was nice enough not to charge us for 3 inediblbe burgers, but charged us for mine.    We have eaten here many times and it was always good, overpriced, but good.  Now it seems they know they have a captive audience, people on expense accounts or using casino comps, and are serving garbage.
4	This was a surprise during my recent trip to Vegas. I didn't expect all that much from the place, and it greatly exceeded my expectations. The burger combinations are almost endless, so you'll find a combination of toppings and roll that you'll enjoy. The meat itself was tasty and was cooked as I requested (which is more than I can say for Mesa Grill).I would definitely go back if I was craving a burger and would recommend it to friends. The fries were crispy and fresh and my beer was nice and cold. For a little place tucked away inside Paris, this is a very good burger joint. Reasonable prices too.
3	A copy of the Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay, doesn't come close.  Okay place, the food is average.  Gets very busy, so service isn't as good.  Kinda of a yuppy place.  For a healthy alternative is the Salmon burger.  It is ground up and you can get a wheat bun.  Not bad, but I would rather go to the 1st burger place on the strip, THE BURGER BAR @ MANDALAY BAY.
4	Wow, I'm surprised by the bad reviews because I had a great experience here. Came shortly after my 21 (by  the way, you notice you never get carded once you turn 21?) and had my first kobe beef burger which was just so juicy and wonderful. The big seller and my main suggestion for this place is the french martini which tastes like an boozey jolly rancher. SO FREAKING GOOD!
2	Service was very slow and bordered on surly.  Plenty of other options in Vegas - take them.
4	We stopped here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. There was a little bit of a wait for a table. Once seated, the server helped us right away with drinks. The menu was your standard bar menu. We ordered burgers and chicken fingers. The burger was delicious, exactly what I was looking for. I did not try the chicken finger but I heard they were delicious. We also got the skinny fries, just the way I like them... super crispy. The server was very bubbly and personable. The food and drinks were brought to us at a normal rate. I'd recommend eating here if you're looking for some greasy food to cure your hangover. They even offer a discount for total rewards card holders. I'd definitely return!
3	Had the Slider Sampler which is really good at the time but pretty forgettable. Well except for the mushroom one. That was really good. And the blue cheese. That's pretty good too. This order is good for two people already.We had nachos too. Huge!!! This would be good for 1.5 people...Chicken Tenders were really good and the fries that came with it were ok. Large enough for 1.5 persons.Yup, we ordered enough food for 5 people but there were only 3 of us. Yikes.The line to get in wasn't too bad. There were a lot of vacant tables.There were big screens everywhere playing football. My husband was having a great time.There was an employee (bus-lady? drinks runner?)  that was very dismissive to a family that just walked in and were just seated at a table next to us. Causing them to walk out. Too bad the waitress got the brunt of the blame
5	I've only had one item from here, but it was by far the best burger I have ever tasted.  Though it cost a merely $77, it was well worth it and I can't wait to go back!  Kobe beef, brie (brie makes everything better), prosciutto, and aged balsamic made up this out of this world burger.  Oh, and they top it with a lobster tail!  You have to try this burger, especially after you hit the jack pot.
4	This place is one of those must stops for me when I visit Las Vegas.  I love to sit at the bar here after 9pm and enjoy the 2 for 1 drinks, catch whatever game is on, and enjoy an outstanding hamburger.Their burgers are really good, I love the italian burger.  So good!
3	I had the lamb burger, it was very juicy! But I didn't think it was anything spectacular. I sat at the bar (side bar: when I walked up to the hostess and said it was for one, she asked if I wanted to sit at the bar instead. At the time I did want to sit at the bar, so I take no offense, but solo diners want to sit at tables too!), and the bartender/waitress wasn't the friendliest person ever, but I survived. I'd probably much rather go to BLT at Mirage, or In-N-Out instead. Also, there was an older (40-50 ish) woman there, who clearly must have kids, because she apologized after every curse word she loudly yelled at the football game on the giant screen.
3	Hidden in the shops by the Paris casino, this sports bar has a lot to offer. The drink specials were good, one came with an orchid and tasted great. The burgers here can be personalized to your liking and are not too expensive. One of the better burgers I had in Vegas but not the best .
2	Nothing special, over priced, took 1- 1/2 hours from start to finish.  My bun was dry the top feel off.  The burger fell apart.  My life liked her Philly sandwich.  Two sandwiches, 1 onion ring app., and two ice tea's = $40.00 without Tip!
5	This was our fourth time here I believe and still great for a guaranteed good burger with friendly staff and reasonable prices for the strip!
3	I don't really like noisy restaurants, but I bare it at least once to try the food. It's just difficult to talk to someone next to you when you have men screaming and yelling lol. I did want to try their food for a while now, and I chose the time when the football game was on lol. I just got a chef salad, and it was a pretty big one. The seats face the TV so you got something to gaze at as you eat. It is a great place for the sports fans out there.
4	A little over a year ago Burger Boy and I went on a burger eating binge across Las Vegas, and were able to check off most of the locations we wanted. One of them that we didn't get to, and one that took me over a year to get back to, is Le Burger Brasserie at the Paris. It's a location that seems to fly well under the radar of burger enthusiasts in town as I never hear about it, and the few times I've brought it up in conversation no one seems to know what I'm talking about. And even though it's a strip location and not the hidden local gem I'm searching for, this place is still an unknown that I'm glad to have discovered.The restaurant is located in a strange transitional connector area between the Paris and Bally's amidst a few retail stores and other touristy junk. The venue is billed as a 'Sports Grille', but due to the lack of sports events going on the night I was there I didn't really get that feel, but instead it just felt more like a typical touristy strip restaurant. Not that this is a negative, just wasn't all that fancy or unique of an interior.The menu is French themed as one would expect, with your typical offerings of sliders, salads, entrees, and of course burgers, but all with a French theme and French names. For burger patty options you can chose from beef, vegetarian, salmon, chicken and turkey. And if you're feeling really spendy you can order the 777 Burger, with Kobe beef, Maine lobster, a 100-year aged balsamic served with a bottle of Rose Dom Perignon Champagne. I was not, so I went with a Le Paris burger, which came with Brie, caramelized onion and smoked bacon on a caramelized onion bun. The bartender talked me into getting the waffle fries which I typically don't like, but more on that shortly.The burger came out in a nice presentation with the top bun next to the rest of the ensemble, and an olive stuck on top. The bun wasn't quite cut in half as the top portion seemed extra thin, but didn't present as much of a problem as I feared. Upon first bite I was impressed with the burger; the meat had great flavor, was cooked perfectly, and was proportioned very well to the bun. The brie and onions also had really good flavor, and the smoked bacon was cooked just right. The bun was sweet and delicious, and almost had a croissant flavor to it which I appreciated. The French theme carried through all the way, and it was great.The waffle fries were also quite good, even considering the fact that I don't typically like them. This selection prevented me from checking out their regular fries, but based on the burger and waffle fries I had, I'm sure they're ok. Also, the pickle that came on the side was good, but I'm starting to think that's it's kind of hard to mess up a pickle.The overall price of my meal was $21.08, which included a $12 burger, $4 waffle fries and a $3.50 iced tea. While I have a bit of a hard time paying over $7 for the fry and drink portion of my meal, the total price for a strip location, as well as the quality of my burger was more than acceptable.  So although you may have never heard of the place, and the Paris probably isn't too much of an attraction these days for locals, Le Burger Brasserie serves up a great burger and is worth checking out. Plus, it's located very close to the garage entrance so it's easy to get in and out of the property without straying too far.
3	Good burger, good price, but in a tough market.
3	Came in January for CES, Had split a French dip on recommendation from a co-worker and also had waffle pommes fries, it was both okay, bread was good - crispy on outside just the way i like it, think i'll be back as I wanna try a burger!!! 3 stars only b/c it was just okay, nothing special for what u pay, I'll update my review when I come back and have a burger!
3	My boyfriend & I played tourist on the strip for a weekend and loved this restaurant !! We liked the huge big screen tv displaying sports highlights over the bar while we waited for our food . The place is a little noisy but that's to be expected with basketball & football fans at the table next to ours . Our waitress seemed a little out of it, maybe she had a lot on her mind but she wasn't rude and checked on us periodically . I had the le Paris burger & my boyfriend had the Kobe beef . We loved our burgers & ate everything on our plates . Very delicious food . Ok atmosphere . We will be going back !
4	Good food fast service and friendly servers. I would come back. Iced tea was not so good.
2	Our friend that we visited in Vegas wanted to ear here because he was staying in Paris and was at the Happy Hour there earlier. I wasn't too impressed we got there at 640 but wasn't able to order off the happy hour menu and then when we did order I really wasn't too impressed with the food. The service was great though. I ordered the turkey burger sliders which intrigued me because I have never heard of them the description in the menu made them sound so tasty. Then I got them and they were so dry and had no taste I didn't even finish eating all of them. They came with 3. I don't think I will head back to this spot unless I am sure to get a spot in the Happy Hour area because the regular seating is overpriced as well.
4	Came here for lunch while I stayed at Bally's.  Ordered the basic burger but decided to specialize with my own toppings because I didn't see any special burgers that jumped out at me.  Carmelized onions with avocado were my toppings of choice with the tomato bun.  The burger was the bomb!!  I downed it pretty quick.  Well worth the $14 buck I paid for it.  The string fries were great also.  Would come back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	We were looking for a good burger place to go to in Vegas. I came across this place on Yelp and it had fairly good reviews.  I ordered the hot wings as an app and was very impressed with them. I haven't had great wings in a long time and they were cooked perfectly and were quite large.  I have never had a Lamb burger so I wanted to try it. I must say it was probably the best burger I ever had in my life. It was really that good!!!! I was really amazed of the tenderness and taste, with virtually no game taste. My buddy ordered the Kobe burger with waffle fries. The burgers were cooked very well and the price was just right, about $20 per person. In Vegas for what we ordered, that is a definite win. The only thing that I was disappointed with was the service. It literally took 10-15 minutes for someone to come to our table and get our orders. There weren't that many patrons in the restaurant so it was quite upsetting to me. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone but keep in mind that the service is really not at all great so be prepared to sit a long time.
2	This night we were on our way to go see Jubilee, so went early and walked around to decide where to eat.  We choose Le Burger - won't be back.  It was happy hour, but our waitress sat us "on the carpet", so not available for happy hour unless we moved.  I could see if she had said only the bar was HH, but the tile floor tables also qualified.  We ordered two Sharps non alcoholic beers and after several minutes, our server returned to our table and said it our drinks would arrive in a few minutes!  what?  My husband asked about the delay and she said they were in the back, so then he wanted to make sure they would be cold and she said they would be super cold, cuz they had been in the back.  We FINALLY get our drinks, and maybe they were cold, but  the mugs were not, so not cold after pouring.....of course, then our food came, which was disappointing only in that we like to enjoy our drink before dinner, not with it.  My husband got the Chicken Cordon Bleu sandwich and he said it was one of the best "burgers" he had ever had.  I got the Shrimp app and the 5 shrimp were big, but back off on the amount of frying time!!  I like my stuff crispy, but these were really overdone and the flavor of the shrimp was gone.  Usually, I order fries to be well done or xrta crispy, but said nothing and thankfully so.  The fries were over done and had that batter stuff on them, which I hate, so the shrimp and the fries tasted the same - like nothing!  I only ate the shrimp, after adding hot sauce to the remoulade that came with them.  It would have been nice to have cocktail sauce, which I thought was in the dish (not ketchup, since that was on the table), but we did not really see our server again til the end.  The restaurant was not busy and there was plenty of staff - which always results in less attentive service.  The bartenders looked like they were having fun at the bar, throwing the bottles around and all that - I wish we would have sat there - it would have been more entertaining.
5	Le Burger Brassierie in the Paris hotel in Las Vegas is amazing. I ordered Le Paris hambuger and it was delicious. Great flavor and very fresh vegetables. A great option that this restaurant offers is that you can create your own hamburger. The fries were incredible delicious and a lot of them. I ordered the ones from the appertizers menu, they came with blue and brie cheese and bacon. I highly recommend this restaurant if you are looking for a good hambuger.
4	We stayed at the Paris and were incredibly hungry upon our arrival, so we stopped here for lunch.  My husband got the Paris burger (caramelized onion, brie), and I got the same but with chicken.  Both were very good, and you have different choices for buns.  It's about $15 for a $10 burger, but I suppose that's to be expected in Vegas?
3	Decent place for a burger in Vegas.-nothing special about the taste or variety, but not bad either -service was decent-decor seemed a little dated, but did not matter too much-bit pricey, but everything around the strip is
5	Went there on my birthday last year specifically to order their 777 burger which in economic terms is the 1% of burgers. The meal itself costs $777 but that includes a bottle of Dom, without the fancy champaign the burger its $77 I believe. Enough with the repeating 7's the burger comes from the finest cut of Kobe beef, imported brie, caramelized onions, prosciutto, a lobster tail which is all topped off with an aged balsamic vinaigrette that made me fall to the floor. If you want a lengthy detailed description just check out my blog. After my cousin and I devoured the burgers the Sous-Chef came to our table to thank us. After I told him it was my birthday he told me that he was going to make a custom dessert for the both of us. I accepted and what was brought out cannot be described (look at my blog again for pictures). I am not a fan of sweets but I felt obligated and had absolutely no shame stuffing my mouth. After we assessed the damage which was very reasonable for what we ate we tried to finish off the drinks we ordered and I could not for the life of me ingest anything else. To this day I cannot say I have felt anymore full than I did that night. Our walk from Paris to the Venetian had to be one of the most grueling experiences of my life. I passed out at 9 pm, woke up at 2 and topped of my birthday celebration. Top notch food, great service and one of my best dining experiences makes me give this place a rare 5 star rating.
4	Had the saveur lamb burger, onion rings and a bloody Mary. It was delicious. The bloody Mary was very savory and tasty, definitely unlike any I have ever had.
2	I don't have much to say about this place.  We went here late on a Friday and got average food, slow service, and about a hundred red hatted ladies walking by.  Apparently, there was a convention or something.  I mention this because it was far more entertaining than anything in this restaurant.Meh.
4	I will start off buy saying that we did do the $777 burger. It was very good, but I wouldn't order it again. It's so rich and heavy that I felt like I was going to pass out after devouring this monster. The Dom Rose was actually a nice pairing with all of the rich and heavy toppings on the burger. The French Dip Cheesesteak was very impressive. The Au jus served on the side was so awesome, that I asked for second serving, and I pretty much just drank the second cup. It's somewhat pricey, but the overall quality of the food and service was well worth the price, this is Vegas after all!!
4	We came here just in time for the second happy hour 9pm- closing and just in time to order dinner because the kitchen closed at 10pm. I am so glad that we made it there because I was able to experience the best cheeseburger I've had in a very long time. We were able to share a basket of fries which definitely would have been way too much for me to conquer on my lonesome.We had great service and even though we were a few of the last people there, we did not feel rushed to leave and was able to enjoy our food.
4	BurgersI have a big weakness for a nice juicy cheeseburger, especially when it has onion rings in it.  After ordering L' American cheeseburger, I quickly noticed that it was the type of sandwich that requires you to have a special hold to the burger.The kind of hold the demands you to let the sandwich know who runs the show.  Hold it, or be held.  If you show weakness to it, you will fail miserably.  Two hands and a firm grip. each finger evenly spaced on the sides.  Respect it, and it will respect you.  Cheers
5	What brought me here? A $5 coupon I received upon check in...food was so good, I forgot to use my coupon! What we ordered: pommes frites au bleu-bleu cheese fries (fries with bleu and brie cheeses, bacon and avocado OMG),  croquet monsieur-ham and cheese dippers (ham and cheese grilled with cheese and tomatoes sauce for dipping) and l'agneau lamb (lamb burger). This will be a must on my Vegas trips from now on!
5	The kobe beef burger melts in your mouth and is reasonably priced at $21. You MUST try it!  The filet mignon sandwich and french dip were also amazing!  The buns are made in house daily and you can taste the difference.  Although some reviewers say this is not a good place for kids, our teenagers felt welcome and there were TVs everywhere which offered visual distractions for all ages.  Our server, Jose, was attentive and no one blinked an eye when one of our kids spilled her drink TWICE.  We will definitely visit again!
2	$13 for sliders that were the same size as the pickle put on them, waitress never came over once to check on us, combo plate was pathetically small. No wonder there was no wait, go somewhere else.
4	I would say that the median rating for this restaurant of 3.5 at the time of this posting is spot on.  The restaurant is located in the Paris Hotel on the walkway towards Bally's.  The cuisine is good and tasty.  The restaurant has a great variety of hamburgers with Kobe and lamb also on the menu and a variety of toppings.  If you enjoy a gourmet style burger, this place is the place for you.  The service is mediocre at best.  I wanted patiently for about 15 minutes for a table for two.  Although I hate waiting, it is a part of life and you live with it.  Once we were at the table it took another fifteen or twenty minutes to order.  Minutes later we got our beverages.  The food took another half an hour to receive.  I understand that good food takes time.  Note: a hamburger in a restaurant does not need that much time unless the establishment runs out of food.  Ridiculous.  The waitress was not attentive.We did have a coupon for $5 or $10 which softens the blow.  I would recommend the food if you have patience and time to kill.  If not, there are plenty of other restaurants available nearby.
5	Complementary meals. I love the Lamb Burger Saveur. The mushrooms were flavorful. It was delicious. Our server Nicolette was such a sweetheart. Definitely a place to just come eat. We came during happy hour which is a BOGO deal, we were just so messed up from drinking early in the morning that we didn't participate in this BOGO deal. Lol..
3	I had a Le Paris kobe burger combo( Kobe beef patty, brie cheese, applewood smoke bacon and carmelized onions) was a good burger. Food was pretty good for everyone in my party. Service her was pretty slow even though resturant was less than half full.
4	Its good. The burgers are large and gourmet inspired (not accusing them of being gourmet, just inspired). Its a little pricey, but after 9 its bogo drinks. They give you four choices of fries, fat, skinny, waffle and sweet. The buns are rich. Its a little walk from everything but the Ballys gaming floor (not a complaint, just wear good walkin shoes(or boots that are made for walkin)). Any burger you can get in le poulet, le boeuf,  Le saumon, les legumes. Try it if you cant think of anything else to do on a date. At least you can go for a stroll in the fake streets of Paris.
3	I was expecting a bit more. Service was OK, ambience was OK, food was OK - All in all, a very "meh" like experience.
4	LOVED this place! It's a cozy, quiet oasis in the midst of the chaos that is Las Vegas. Great service, great wine, great prices on the food--which was really tasty (beet salad for $11; awesome cheesecake for $5). Highly recommend it, especially compared to the scores of overpriced restaurants on the strip.
3	Went here recently with a couple and their child. The women wore these small vests representing each NFL team (I think mine was some secondary team that people don't care about). The waitress was so average and boring. She was annoyed that we did not have players cards and she acted like we didn't belong. My friend got the veggie burger and liked it well enough and I got a burger. Couldn't have been too awesome since I do not remember the type but it was a little dry. The beer selection sucked and I think I walked out of there over $30. Just average fro Vegas.
4	A French name for an exceedingly American restaurant.Le Burger Brasserie in The Paris Las Vegas features tasty gourmet burgers at decent prices, crunchy Sweet Potato Fries, and a decent selection of Beers which can be consumed from giant towers (not Eiffel ones, but you get the idea). They also feature tons of flat screen TVs for enjoying big games. While the decor is French-fancy, the atmosphere and food are pure American bar and grill with a slightly elevated twist... which adds up to something pretty fun and great.
2	The food was pretty good but the service totally sucked and ruined the whole meal. The most exciting about this dinner was the giant TV where we were able to watch the end of the controversial Packers game. Anyway... Can't remember the fancy french name they called it, but basically what I had was a grilled ham & cheese sandwich.  It was really light and the tomato and cheese sauce to dip it in was delicious. Very disappointing lack of tap beer for a purported sports bar.  Wouldn't go here again when there are so many other choices on the Strip. My tablemate had a very dry chicken cordon bleu sandwich and he said the bun was the best part of it (parmesan bread).
4	Bf and I went here for a late night snack. We decided to share a burger , a basket of skinny fries and waffles fries. For dessert , I got the beignets. Overall, the food was amazing. I was disappointed in waffles Pom frites , but I guess I expected crispy Pom frites similar to Mon Ami Gabi, and I ended up w waffles fries similar to Carl's jr. At least, my bf likes it. My favorite was the beignets. Yumm... However,if there was star that I could give for the service, I would give them 2 stars. When my bf pay w his credit card, the waitress asked for his ID. That was the first. I thought maybe it was their policy to check ID but as I pay attention no one else was asked for their ID w credit card payment. We didn't even have alcohol. It just makes me wonder if it's because we looked like two teenagers who can't afford to eat there?
5	Located between Paris and Bally's this place has tons of tvs, plus food and beer options. Their service is great and everything is moderately priced.  Give this place a try and I'm sure you'll be back.
5	Burgers are on a quality basis.. Asides that you have gorgeous waitress serving you.. Amount is pretty decent.. I love the Le Saumon..
2	Went there saturday night and the waitress was horrible, horrible, horrible.  She was snotty, rude and should not be working with customers.  It took an hour to get our food which were only apps and 2 hamburgers.  The food was good but my hamburger was on the cold side.  We all assumed that the food was probably sitting around for awhile.  If you want crappy service this is the place for you.
5	Yes I know! Who goes to a burger place and order salad? Well I do and quite often I get disappointed. Salad is not difficult to make it but it's often under or over dressed to my taste! This place has great salads for the "fit food" enthusiasts!!
4	It is an upscale hooters! Works for me, video screens for sports and good burgers and salads
5	DAMN....this place was good. We got a 2for1 entree from the Total Rewards booth and figured we would give it a shot. We have walked by the place several times through our many trips to Vegas. The place looks cool from the outside, with all the TVs on sports and all the great looking girls all dressed in their corsets and what-have you. As we sat down, we were greeted by the waitress. My wife and I were starving and the first thing my wife asked for was the onion ring tower and she asked if she could rush it, because she was so hungry she was about to pass out. We saw her go around the corner and not even a minute later she flew around the corner with the onion rings. The waitress said she had taken someone else order. I don't know if that was the case or not, but it was great that she made it happen.My wife and I each got the Kobe Burger, I added bacon on mine and my wife added avocado to hers. We tried each others and they were both juicy and very very good. They burgers are normally $20 ($19 for TR members), even if I paid full price, it would have still been worth it. We will make it a point to come back here every time we come back to Vegas. The service was amazing and the food was great too. For the people who don't know, if you get a discount like 2for1 or something like that. Please tip your wait staff off of what the total bill would have been. They still worked for that money. And usually they don't give you half the service they normally would, just because you have a discount. They work hard for that money. Take care of them.
3	I enjoyed a burger here New Years Eve afternoon. I ordered the original burger with a side of avocado. It came just like I ordered it. The tomato on the burger was better then any tomato I've had in summer. The baby leaf lettuce was fresh and the red onion finished it off perfectly. The fries were warm and crisp. I will definitely be back to try a different burger.
4	It's a burger place that has quite a few steps on your average fast food burger (of course). It was very, very good simply put. The service was pretty alright. It could have been better since the place wasn't busy at all.
5	Want a burger in vegas?Like looking at boobies?Fugetabodit !!!!This is literally the only place I'll eat lamb burgers, but everything is A1 top freekin' notch. Your girlfriend/wife gotta have a sense of humor though as the staff is tastefully, scantily clad. Wandering eyes are inevitable. I went three times last week during a convention I had to attend for work, and it was well worth it every time. I'm a picky eater when it comes to burgers, and everything they do is excellent, right down to the bloody marys. In addition to being gorgeous, Karli is quick and polite. She was working the bar every time I came in, thank god. In layman's terms, she is the shit. Tons of big screens throughout if you want to watch a game, and great happy hour specials, including beer buckets. a lot of really comfortable booths that provide more than adequate privacy, should you so desire. I don't know what they do to the lamb, but the flavor is a lot better than anywhere else I've ever had one. Melt in your mouth goodness, consistently. The steak fries are perfect as well. Cheers
5	Our first time to Vegas and we loved loved loved this restaurant.   The food was always fresh and delicious!  The prices were very reasonable and we revisited it many times during our 5 day stay.  Great service and atmosphere too.  Would definitely recommend this restaurant.
2	Meh. Watch out for the bait and switch. As is typical vegas, there's always a catch. Sign out front stated happy hour times, cocktails 2 for 1 and the only stipulation was "at the bar only". Fine, surprised to find my tab charged for the 4 DRAUGHT BEERS I had. "Doesn't include draught beers" is what I get. Huh? What friggin happy hour includes top shelf stuff and not draught beer, their highest profit margin product?In the end, they adjusted my tab but I had to argue for it. Also, you'll get much better service if you're a cute female at the expense of us males...
3	I hear this place rocked, on par with Mandalay's Burger Bar - but different! So I had to give it a try, because Burger Bar is awesome!They have a Burger, Fries and Drink combo - Sweet!Note: If you show your players card, you get  $1 off , WOW a whole dollar. I love how the entire menu has a special blue column for "Players card" pricing and everything is just $1 less then the original price. They should just put a note at the bottom of the menu instead of repeating every price. Burger: I opted for the Lamb Burger. Cooked perfectly, it was delicious. I ony made it through half, it was so big. I wish it tasted like lamb instead of beef. The lamb flavor was so distinct, it was easy to miss.Sweet Potato Fries: PERFECT!Milkshake: Banana, Mmm! Best ever! It looks small but this sucker's huge!I would definitely return but this place would not be the first place I visit. More of a I have extra time and already went to all my fav's, now what? Place.
4	We tried this place on a whim as it was our first time staying at Bally's. Glad we did! We had the chicken tender appetizers which were delicious! Huge portion! Then we had the hamburger and philly cheese steak sandwich entrees. Both were really tasty! Our waitress was very good with prompt, friendly, and attentive service. My only problem was that our onion ring tower was served only mildly warm, but I did not want to complain and have them heated up as we were already getting very full! There were many tasty looking choices on the menu, we were sorry we didn't get back this trip. Next time! Highly recommended!
3	Decent burger, nice bartender, no complaints.
4	i can use my total rewards pts to pay for food here? SOLDgreat burgers and great staff
3	My husband loves the lamb burger here. He comes often. We met for for a late lunch on a Saturday. The restaurant wasn't too busy, I'd say it was a lull in the day. Service was quick. I enjoyed the l'americain with American cheese, onion rings and mushrooms. The lamb burger did not disappoint either. He likes his med rare served on the the ovendried tomato bun. I chose this bun too and while it's not something I traditionally order it was quite good I recommend it. Don't miss the waffle fries. They are delicious!
5	Absolutely earned all 5 stars! Had such an awesome experience! The service was amazing; our server Allyson was awesome!! The food was seriously so good! It's the perfect environment for any type of situation. We took our toddler and he loved it! They use the best ingredients and you can tell by the amazing quality and flavors! Make sure to get a shake!!!
5	Excellent food and service, I had the lamb burger and loved it..Best burger I've ever had in Vegas. I will be back on my next trip.
1	To round off the shitty burger experiences In Vegas:La Burger Brasserie at the Paris.We asked to see the menu first and the host assured us the food was made in house, so we got a seat.We got a cute but small booth and the waiter, a crazy stoner, was a bit too eager to accomodate.I ordered and asked again if the burger was made in house and he said sorry no, they get them frozen.WTF??? No seriously, WTF???Again, charging $14 for a burger, no sides and my veggie burger would have been a damn frozen boca, even the waiter agreed its better to get them at the grocery store and slap em in the pan yourself.With that another restaurant we walked out of that day.
4	Had "The Paris" with brie and bacon and it was incredible.  The service was slow considering the place was empty for lunch, but the cleavage made up for it and then some.
4	We had an awesome lunch here while recently visiting Vegas. This restaurant is located right where Paris and Bally's connect. I was a little annoyed that we had a 10 minute wait when the place was nearly empty (it was past prime lunch hours), but the service and food were very quick, which made up for it. Our burgers were cooked perfectly medium on soft, homemade buttery buns, and I topped mine with caramelized onions & provolone cheese. Amazing! We split a basket of shoestring fries and waffle fries. The shoestring were better because the waffle fries weren't crispy enough. I'm totally regretting not trying the onion rings, which looked really good. I also saw a table next to us order huge salads, which looked delicious. The burgers do not come with fries, but you can order a combo or baskets to split. You save about $1 on each item with your player's card. There are plenty of TVs around the restaurant for sports lovers.
3	As the 3 stars say it was OK. Average at best. Lots of TVs with a huge one over the bar. To me, this is the kind of place you wander by in Las Vegas and just stop in for a burger. Definitely no real need to seek it out.
4	Overall rating is 4.5 stars out of 5.This place by far is one of the better restaurants my wife and I visited while in Vegas. We decided to go to this place for lunch on 05/17/13. Since it was later in the evening and we planned on eating dinner in a few hours we thought we would make it a light lunch so we both decided we would order salads.Our waitress (Who's name was Zenzen yeah I know) was by far the best server we had. She was cheerful, helpful, and very attentive.She took our orders which was a chopped salad and a grilled chicken ceasar salad. My wife ordered the chopped salad and I had the grilled chicken ceasar salad.The meals arrived in a reasonable amount of time and not only did they look good and plentiful but both salads tasted delicious as well. I mean my grilled chicken was grilled to perfection and the salad was dressed with just the right amount of ceasar dressing and cheese. And it also had soft croutons (If any of you are like me when it comes to salads then you know it is hard to restaurants that serve salads with the softer croutons because I can't stand croutons that are hard enough to break or chip your teeth). My wife said her chopped salad was also perfectly dressed and seasoned. It was actually so much that she couldn't even finish it.Overall this place is a must visit if you are ever in the Bally's hotel. The only reason I didn't give this place a 5 star rating is because I didn't order there specialty which are burgers which I can not vouch for. However, the chopped and grilled chicken ceasar salads are top notch.
5	Burger was cooked perfectly, fries cooked perfectly, and the shake was orgasmic, what else could you ask for? My gf and I had the Le Paris Burger(Brie cheese, bacon, caramelized onions) and it was CRAZY good. I had the Petite(shoe string) fries and my gf got the sweet potatoes fries, both were excellent. The shakes were fantastic and I liked how you could mix up to three flavors in. Try a shake with expresso, chocolate and peanut butter, you'll love it, I promise. I would say this place is as good as Gordon Ramsay Burgr but for nearly half the price. Excellent value. We will be back!
3	I actually forgot I ate at Le Burger Brasserie. It was okay, not memorable. Wife and I had been heading out of Vegas that time around noon, and decided we better get sometime to eat. We hadn't had breakfast and to be honest, weren't really all that hungry. I guess that's what a week in Vegas will do to anybody. We actually split the le kobe with crispy bacon on a seasame bun with the waffle fries and the chocolate shake. It was pretty good, maybe we should have had a sauce or spread on it. Didn't realize we had to add sauces for an additional charge. The patty wasn't bad, although I'm sure that guy wasn't made in house. The waffle fries were crispy and hot, however way over salted with the seasoning. The chocolate shake was good too. Nothing out of this world. Actually, we would probably try it again. The hostess was actually one of the more friendly out of all the restaurants we dined at this round in Vegas, however our server was hasty and a little insincere. When she picked up our bill, I had wanted to use some hotel credits towards the meal, and remaining balance on my debit card. As I'm trying to explain to her she is still walking off with the check. Oh well, she figured it out. But please... To all servers... Listen to your patrons. I know you hear it all, but at least to us, and most people, the service makes our meal, not always the actual food. I feel in this case, the food would have been better if the server was actually there for us.
5	I went back again and this place it's still great. The best hamburgers in Las Vegas for a reasonable price
4	This was the best burger I have had in awhile. Our server Christopher was amazing! Very attentive and made it a great night.  The fries did taste frozen though but I guess that would matter if the place was called "Le Fry Brasserie" Bravo!!
5	Yummers!!  After searching forever for a place that didn't have a two hour wait, we came across this little gem. It is called a sports grill due to all of the tv's with sports playing but I only saw one huge tv screen and a bunch of smaller screens all around. My eyes aren't the best but I had such a hard time seeing the screens of those smaller tv's.  It is definitely a nice place and was relatively busy when we got there but we were seated right away.  So, the burgers, they have plenty to choose from with toppings galore. I just had a standard burger because that was what I was craving. It was cooked perfect, so juicy and delish!  Hubby had the salmon burger and omg was it good. Now, the waffles fries, seriously the best fries I have ever eaten. They were perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, crispy, but not too crispy and I could have seriously ate those as a meal. We also got chocolate shakes(yep we strapped on the feed bag last night) and they were pretty good but not outstanding. I would definitely go back and get the fries alone, yum!  Service was good, there but not too in your face leave me alone already type service. Plus side, military discount! A++
1	We got told 10 mins to be seated. 20+ mins later we got called to be seated (around 9:30pm).25 mins after being seated we got our waters that we asked for AFTER people who got seated after us and who ordered cocktails. Yes, they delivered paid drinks before free drinks. That's how they roll. The guy blamed his bus boy. Way to rip on the place you work.Food came out around 10:20pm. Honestly, the food was decent. I enjoyed every bite of my L'American burger and fries. When he dropped it off, the wiater said "I'll be right back with more waters." They never came.An older couple next to us complained to the same wiater about wait times and asked for a full refund on their check. He got a manager and they talked for a bit and got their refund. We didn't want to be a harsh because the waiter is just doing his job. It's the managers fault for overbooking the place.We straight up told him we didn't want to tip because of the awful experience, but that we'd pay for the great food.If they're busy, don't eat here. If they add you to a list to be seated, go somewhere else. If they're quiet inside then I'd recommend the food. We expected to be in and out withing 30-45 mins to get our night on in Vegas. Instead we spent over an hour and a half complaining about everything going on around us, from the waiters conversing when people are waiting to big parties getting "VIP" treatment. America has butchered Paris!
5	Honestly, I'm surprised this place isn't rated higher! I really enjoyed this place. It has a great feel to it. I wouldn't have picked this place if it wasn't for the coupon I got. Paris has such nice bakeries and cafes, and this place gets kind of lost in that scene. Anyway, they weren't that many people there. Our waitress gave us waters pretty quickly and introduced herself. She did a pretty good job overall.As for the food, my friends and I all got burgers. I got the L'American burger with avocado, my friend got the L'Italian burger and my other friend got the Kobe burger. We all got it medium cooked. It was perfect for two of us, but my friend who ordered the Kobe beef said it was a bit rarer than he liked it to be. We all enjoyed our burgers. They don't look filling, but oh my, they are. NOTE: Fries don't come with the burger, they cost an extra $2 (it sucks I know).Two of us ordered dessert. I ended up getting the Chocolate Tiramisu and my friend ordered the Dessert Sliders. The tiramisu was fantastic. It came in a cup, which was kind of weird. You had to dig deep in order to get all the flavors and layers. It was a HUGE portion, so watch out! The sliders were very interesting. It was something I've never seen before. They looked like mini burgers, but they were really raspberry, mango and cheesecake gelatin shaped into tomatoes, cheese and a patty. It was surprisingly pretty good.Overall, had a great experience here and would come back again.
3	It's hard to give this place a rating because our experience varied so much after a single meal.The restaurant is large and well decorated. The staff is friendly enough, but the service is slow.We started with the potato skins, which were OK. It's bar food, so it isn't fantastic, but the skins were thick and well cooked. The accompanying BBQ sauce and ranch tasted like something you'd buy from a grocery store; it wouldn't surprise me if they didn't make it in house. The guacamole that came with it was pretty good.We split a Kobe burger with caramelized onions and waffle fries. The patty was excellent, the toppings were fresh, and I thought the bun was really good. It's one of the best burgers I've had. The waffle fries were thick, but they tasted like they were frozen beforehand.I want to give this place a higher rating, but I'd have to try more and the service would have to be better. I wouldn't mind going back but I wouldn't make a special trip of it.
4	Its called a sports bar and does have allot of tv's, they just seem a tad small.  This place is located right a the entrance from Paris to Harrahs.   Stopped in for some drinks and a chicken caesars  salad.  The salad was very large and tasted good, the chicken was really good.  Bonus they had a 5-7pm happy hour going on 2 for 1 drinks.   Cool place to hang out, escape the casino and watch tv.  I will try and stop by this place again.
2	Sorry. Can't give this place more than 2 stars for a couple reasons. First time I came here, the waitress was really sweet, but forgot to put in my boyfriend's order for a shake, and neither of us were that terribly excited about the food we did receive, especially for the price. Also, I realize it may be hotel policy, but they wouldn't honor our Harrah's comp voucher unless we charged the meal to the room.Second time, I go to place a to-go order for a burger and fries. Hostess says I need to order at the bar. Well, that's no problem for me. I don't care where I order. But I proceed immediately to the bar, where for the next 7 minutes I witness the bartender flair pouring a vodka soda and opening two beers. Nobody clapped... nobody was even watching him. Nobody gave a crap about him rolling the cocktail shaker and Skyy bottle around on his palm and forearms for 3 minutes. Even the chick who ordered the round wasn't watching. (FYI: I have 8 years in the restaurant industry... 7 of which were as a bartender, so don't give me crap about not knowing what was going on. I would have filled that entire order in 40 seconds.) No matter where I go, I ALWAYS watch the bartender work, and this guy was a waste of waiting, paying customers' time! He and the barback never acknowledged me or anyone else, really, and I waited around a further few minutes after the "show" was over. I walked out and ended up finished leftovers instead.
4	We stopped in for a quick bite, sat at the bar and enjoyed the Le Paris burger (brie cheese & bacon, held the onion) and their Petite Frites, both were delicious!!!!
5	Great hamburger! My husband ordered the combo and was a great deal with a shake, fries and fancy hamburger for $20. I got a simple burger for $12 but shared his fries and shake. The food was really good and the service was excellent. The pricing isn't outrageous for Vegas and the vibe is comfortable but upscale.
3	For the price and atmosphere, everything was just about what it should have been. The burgers were well cooked, not anything special, but very tasty none the less. We ordered the potato skins appetizer and that was very good also. But the best part of the meal honestly were the shakes! They were very tasty and smooth! Service was good, not great, but certainly not terrible.
1	This place SUCKS. Came here on a tuesday evening, said we'd sit at the bar. Took our seats, there was still a bit of a mess in front of us. We waited probably ten minutes, a bar tender was just running around, no method to the madness, kept walking right by us saying nothing. Finally we flagged him down, no hello, welcome, "oh hey, what can I get you" uhhh well menus, what's good here, drink specials, talk to me, or are we at a drive thru right now? Ordered a whiskey and a beer then looked at the menu, no checking in, had to flag him down to tell him our order "ok what do you want" not scornful, just completely indifferent and uninterested. Combo burger and fries and cordon bleu, "what combo, we have many" I mean the guy had the personality of a bucket drywall mud but says yeah cordon bleu is popular. We order and wait, and wait. Two girls sit next to us and order, a couple next to them sits down and orders, we wait.... BOTH of them get their food, nothing for us. I'm like YO, what's going on here?? "Uhhh with what? What do you want?" Our FOOD! "You didn't order yet" ohhhh but we did, remember you said the cordon bleu was popular??? "Oh yeah..., yeah uhhh it didn't go in, you didn't tell me, uhhh" Ok you know what, close us out. "Ok" actually brings the bill and charges me, had to find a manager, he barely cared, "ok I guess we can get your drinks, oh how much was it?" who CARES, you guys SUCK! "Ok yeah I guess we can do that" ohhhhhh and I was OUT after that, what a JOKE!
1	The wait was supposed to be 20 minutes and turned out to be 35 because someone walked up and slipped money to the hostess and we pretty much got bumped out of the way. When we finally were seated, it took about 10 minutes for waiter to come take our order.  Food came out fairly quickly, but not everything that was ordered came out. I told the server that I ordered the Onion Rings and they didn't come out and he said that they would be right out.  They never came after asking twice.  Lets get to the food that did come. I ordered the Kobe Burger medium with Mozzarella, Pancetta, Grilled Onions and Roasted Red Peppers.  They gave me regular bacon instead of pancetta.  The burger itself was cooked right, but left much to be desired.  It was bland and was not worth the money. There are many better places to eat a burger here in Vegas.  Save your time, money and sanity and go to Burger Bar instead.  Service was horrible, but I blame that on the manager.  They were way understaffed and it affected everyone's experience.
4	Service was great, and food was great! Sweet potato fries were delicious and we ha the beef sliders with Brie and bacon! Definitely recommend!
4	We took a table at the bar, and after a long time without service, we decided sitting at the balcony - the barman wasn't bad - although with a very big and unnecessary ego. Surprisingly good burger thou. Altogether - not a bad choice.P.S.: One of the very best fries I ever had...
4	Came here once before over a year ago for work but only had their shrimp salad which was good. This time I came here with my 3 siblings and bf for Restaurant Week!For our first course we had stuffed potato skins and wow that was full of flavor! Second course we all ordered the beef burger BUT its not just any burger. It's a beef burger with 2 grilled cheese sandwiches as the bun. Needless to say, wholly shit it was big! We all ended up removing one grilled cheese bun and using the other one as our bun. I liked the wafffles fries a lot more than the regular fries. Third course was cheesecake with blueberry and lemon. That was the first time I've had cheesecake that was not so sweet. My sisters and I packed ours for home as we were stuffed and gave it to our parents (and my dad REALLY loved the cheesecake since he is not a sweets person). I shared a plate with the bf and my sisters took my brother's cheesecake. I don't remember much about the service, the waitresses was nice is all I remembered, lol. Must be food coma!I would definitely come here again esp for those stuffed potato skins!
4	Came last week on Wednesday. Took about 10 mins before someone came to our table but after that the service was great! Kept up on our drinks, & burgers were yummy! Very tasty. I had the le bleu & it had a ton of blue cheese! My bf had the classic n added other toppings , he was satisfied also....  Don't forget the yummy waffle fries! Delicious!!! Big enough to share :) Would go back
1	Umm - we had a quite poor experience here recently. We came in and sat at the bar around 9:40 pm (somehow there wasn't a hostess around to direct us) and the bartender realized we had no clue what was going on so he asked if we wanted some drinks. We asked for cocktail menus as well as food menus and he informed us the kitchen closes at 10pm. We looked through the menus and gave him our drink and food selections and he ensured us he got all the orders in before the kitchen closed. Lets fast forward an hour. The food still hasn't come and now it's around 9:50pm and we ask about our food order. He says "oh, the servers didn't bring you your food?" Umm no. He goes off and says something about it bring their fault and he'll check with the kitchen. He comes back in 2 minutes with a salad that we ordered and said it would be in him. Ok things were looking a little better. We didn't receive the combo appetizer we ordered but hey, at least now we could finally get some food in our stomachs. Fast forward another round of drinks and we ask for our check - happy hour drink specials are annotated on the check. But so was the salad. What happened to "the salad will be on me?" Then he asks us if we're in Vegas the next day because if we come back, dinner is on him. Ummm if tonight's salad wasn't on you even though you already said it would be, what makes me believe tomorrow night's dinner is going to be on you? I didn't come to Vegas to be swindled out of money by the bartender - on the casino floors maybe - but definitely not here. I hope this was just an outlier experience - but I won't be coming back to see if that's the case during this trip.
4	Amazing burgers. I had the Brie with bacon and carmalized onions and it was just amazing. don't miss out on this place.
4	This may be a sports bar but the ambience is much warmer. Food excellent and service friendly and very efficient. Would go back in a heartbeat!
3	We came around 7pm and waiting time is about 10-15 mins. The food was ok, nothing really special.. I was expecting like a different kind of burger and looking for that french twist on it. But atleast the salmon buger was not dry and my bf really liked it. Service was fine thanks for the busser that always there to give us what we needed. The screens are bit small. Overall, its just OK.
4	Purchased a Groupon for this restaurant. Nothing classy, but not bad. Didn't really feel a French vibe but it was a burger joint so it was a good try. The food on the other hand was excellent! I ordered "le bleu" burger and my wife just a regular burger with American cheese. Mine was delicious! It's made with bleu cheese, avocado, and smoked applewood bacon on a your choice of bun. The meat of the burger itself was very tender and juicy! I don't believe it was Kobe beef either(they have "le kobe" burger). Whatever type of beef it was, it was PRIMO! Our waitress was very helpful and always made sure our drinks were full. All in all, a pleasurable dining experience and would recommend Le Burger Brassier to any gourmet burger lover! Just wish there was more of a beer variety, but I think McDonalds should have a beer variety lol
5	Purchased an awesome groupon for this place and WOW, I could have eaten here every day during my stay in Vegas. Our waitress called everyone "Sweetie" and really knew her burgers. When I asked her if we get to chose our buns she had already picked them for us and like a magician, she picked the EXACT ones we were going to choose! *Magic* The food arrived very quickly -came in about 12noon, before the rush. It was absolutely delicious. We had "le bleu" and the turkey burger with a fried egg on top -YUM!! Thanks sooo much for making our experience that much better. We'll be back soon.
5	Excellent burger and the waffle fries were delicious to. I dipped them in ranch to make a good thing better! Great food for a decent price by Vegas standards. Will definitely return to this place the next time I'm in Vegas!!
3	Their hamburger and cheesecake are not very impressive ~ but i like their appertizer chicken wing!
4	Burgers were good but I have a hard time paying $32 for burger, fries, coke, and tip.  Even harder time when the waitress is going to "punish" me for asking her for a copy of my signed receipt by telling me she threw it in the trash and would bring it back to me when she isn't busy.  The mgr got it for me.  Great burger, terrible value, service that was ok by union standards but terrible by normal standards.  I won't be back.
3	3.5 starsThis place was our last stop for dinner before heading back to the airport this past weekend.  When we got there around 6, there was a 25 minute wait but after looking inside, we noticed a lot of open tables.  At least 10-15 tables open.  We waited anyways, then after 15 minutes, we asked how much longer and why there are so many tables.  I guess they were severly understaffed... hmmmmmm.Anyways, the wait time was pretty accurate and we got sat.  Friendly waitress came over and took our order.  I got the burger/fries combo with the regular beef burger.  You get to choose 1 topping, of course i have to choose bacon.  And waffle fries.Others in our 4-some got the lamb burger, the kobe burger, and some corn chowder.Everyone enjoyed their food, service was good.  But the restaurant always had the ~10 tables open and the servers didn't seem thattt busy.. oh well.
3	If I could remove the A from the A-OK explanation for three stars, I would be happier with my rating.  The meal was OK but not an A-OK which to me implies something better.We waited to be seated for about 15 minutes which was OK except for the fact that there were several empty tables.  They're just understaffed enough they can't clear all the tables to accommodate the arriving guests.Our server, Leo, was a personable young man and answered questions we had.  He's the reason this isn't the two star rating I'd normally give for the food.Le Burger Brasserie--good burgers and such.  No, not really.  They're burgers made from frozen patties.  They are so uniform in diameter and thickness they have to be packaged ahead of time.  I asked for mine rare but it was more toward medium rare.  My wife asked for hers medium and hers was cooked the same as mine.The burgers were not at all juicy.  They look pretty, so to speak, because they come in their paper-lined metal basket with the side of lettuce and tomato.  I got a bleu burger and my wife got the Le Paris, a burger with brie cheese, caramelized onion, bacon.  My burger had bleu cheese and bacon with a half avocado on the side.  You also get to choose from among 4 or 5 options for the kind of bun you want for the burger.  When I leave a burger place and the things that stick in my head about the meal are the avocado and the bleu cheese, then it wasn't a great burger experience.  For dessert, we shared the beignets, 5 small rounds filled with mascarpone and served with chocolate dipping sauce and whipped cream.  They were OK, but nothing I'll remember.Spending an hour and a half having a burger is also too long.  It turned out to be alright because I was watching the college football game on their big screen.  We got out in just enough time to walk to the Jubilee! Theatre for our show and we had some time to spare.  I'd recommend going anywhere else for a burger.  I know these are Strip prices but give me something a little more worthy of the price you're charging.
1	Even with a Groupon way overpriced. Food is good but not even close to being worth the price. Went on a Sunday.. did not read the fine print, waitress did not want to honor it, manager finally did, He said Groupon made them not honor them on Sundays, right! Totally a not good experience.
3	Like other reviewers have mentioned, try not to go on a Sunday if you have a groupon. This particular waitress didn't honor it and my friends who had the groupon didn't want to keep pushing it. Anyway, I had the veggie burger (wasn't really feeling in the meat mode) and it was pretty good. However would I pay $12 for that plus $5 for waffle fries again? Probably not. We just came here for my friends groupon and because they wanted to watch some games.
4	Very simply, gourmet burgers at above average prices.  It is a sports pub kind of set up so lots of TV all around to keep you distracted which isn't a bad thing if your blind date turns out to be a fuglie or a total tool.  The selection of draft beers was kinda skimpy but, oh well, I'll just get my fix somewhere else.  It is Vegas after all so no shortage of booze anywhere.
5	Upon my return to Vegas, the burger brasserie became my frequent haunt, whether it was for happy hour or a quick bite between classes at a conference I was attending! The service was as before, friendly & efficient, got to explore the menu some more & all round its darn good (I still stand by the fact the waffle fries are da bomb), they make a mean milkshake... It will bring boys to your yard... Damn right! Happy hour equates to 2 drinks for $10 & the bar staff are on point, in particular Daylen, he's got great banter & may wow you with some fun bar tricks, overall though he ensured my visits to BB were not disappointing!!! Totally recommend this place :)
5	The food was delicious here.  What made this experience amazing was the service!  Leo had a genuine smile and was very knowledgeable with the menu. He addressed any concerns I hadand made sure our food came out on a reasonable time!
4	Wow, best French Fries I've had in a long time! Served hot, with a nice crispy crunch. Even the Sweet Potato Fries were perfectly crispy.They've got a nice 2-1 deal on all drinks at the bar during certain times (just make sure to order 2 of the same drinks.) Service was a little slow and sloppy and the manager was a little rude when we tried to move some chairs, but not terribly.Come for the fries.
4	Located in Paris hotel just where it turns in to Bally's casino.  Outstanding burgers and a large paper cone of fries that holds more than you think from looking at it. A lot of TV's and 2 for one drink specials. these are not Mcdonald prices so be prepared to spend $15 + for a burger but these are not McDonalds burgers so enjoy.
4	Yum!  Le Burger has great quality appetizers, burgers, salads, sides, and desserts that are relatively reasonably priced considering it being a tourist spot. They had vegetarian options and a great variety of toppings available.  The bread is freshly baked and available in a variety of flavors. The ambiance was very lovely despite it doubling as a sports bar.
2	Meh. I don't know. This was good. Just good. My fiance enjoyed this more than I did. The food was a 3 for me, the service? 1 or 2, probably a 1. I think we were there 2 hours to get a beer each and a burger. They had a burger with brie and a lamb burger. I order anything with brie, and my other half orders anything with lamb. So, that was good. And the food wasn't bad I just can't get over the terrible service.
1	Garbage, food was decent. Service was ridiculously bad. Will not be coming here ever again!
1	Expensive average food. Not worth it when there are so many other options in the area. Don't get the chicken strips. You will find better and cheaper at the market!
2	I have seen this place when heading to Ballys from Paris and had it in mind to try for a while. We were enjoying a staycation at Paris and decided to have dinner here. The hostess said it was a 45 minute wait for a booth and a 15 minute wait for a table. There were plenty of open tables and booths so I don't know what the deal was. We waited patiently and after 15 minutes we were seated at a small table right where you walk in. I asked if we could sit at one of the other open spots and was told it would be a wait. I am assuming thet just didn't have enough staff or something. Our server was great and checked on us often. The $4 charge for a pepsi was a rip though. I ordered a combo meal for $22 that got me any burger, fries, and shake. I chose the Le Paris Burger and it had brie cheese, caramelized onion and applewood smoked bacon. The burger didn't have much flavor and disappointingly seemed to be a frozen patty but the brie cheese and bacon were good. My waffle fries would have been better if they didn't come out cold. My peanut butter shake was the best part of the meal and 5 stars alone. The service and shake were good but for a place with "burger" in their name.....the burger should have been more of the star than the bacon that came on it.
4	Loved it! Ate at bar and service was great. Burgers were juicy, ingredients tasted fresh & flavorful, and they were cooked perfectly to temperature-- yum!!
1	Came here for dinner and left disappointed. It was a 15 minute wait to be seated which didn't bother me, but there were plenty of open tables and booths. We ended up being seated right near the entrance in front of the window. After asking to be moved to one of the other open tables we were told it would be a longer wait. WTH??? Our server was great, but running around taking care of too many tables at once, so I guess they were short staffed. I ordered the "Chopped Salad" priced at $13 and it had chopped romaine and iceberg lettuce, salami, cheese, tomatoes, avocados, cucumbers, celery and croutons. I asked that the red bell pepper and Italian dressing be left out. I wanted just extra blue cheese dressing, but my salad was tossed in the Italian dressing anyway and still had blue cheese dressing on it. I don't have an issue with the cost if the salad since it was a nice portion and had a lot of yummy sounding things in it, but all I tasted was a big pile of chunky bitter blue cheese, celery and really gross Italian dressing. Hubby had an overpriced $22 burger combo and said the burger tased frozen. The peanut butter shake he got I shared with him and that was actually good. I would just skip this place and go down the street to Tacos El Gordo!
4	Good, large burger (got Paris one)Avg. friesAwesome milkshake!Got $30 groupon and really enjoyed it!
2	My lamb burger and peanut butter shake was very good.  But service...what service ?  No one had time for anything !  Manager, pay attention, you need to train your workers better.
4	Great place to watch Monday Night Football on the strip! Not to mention the gorgeous and attentive bartender and two for one drinks at Happy Hour. What could be better?? Well.... how about a delicious burger with brie, a thick slab of bacon and those ohhh so good caramelized onions. Big enough to split if your hubby can stop drooling over the awesome bartender;)
5	I came here with a friend at about 1  on 11.13.13 and we both got the same thing. Exept for fries and burger toppings. It was a bit cold inside but it had a very romantic setting which was fine haha.Me:Kobe burger with american cheese and bacon,med rare; HOLY SHIT! This is for real the BEST burger I've EVER had in my life. The pickles on the side where even amazing haha. It was cooked perfectly.Steak fries; They where good none of them where hard or rawish, but I do wish I got the thin fries but that's okay :).HerKobe burger with american cheese and mushrooms, rare; She ranted and raved about her burger as well so we both got a  very good burger. (she was nice enough to give me her pickles ) ^.^Thin fries; She said they where super cripsy but in a very good way, she gave me a few and they where cooked nicely. Over all this was an expensive mean about 50 dollars for both of us, but its so worth it. Its not like a every day thing.
3	The food was great, the service however was awful. I feel like the interior could definitely use some work and updating. The venue has great potential. The menu is a little confusing to read/understand.
5	Loved it! Tucked into a mall in the Paris hotel, this restaurant slash sports bar is a Gem. Fabulous meal, great cocktail and fun company while sitting at the bar made this a stop worth repeating. I had the Paris burger and was eyeballing my neighbors Arugula Beet Salad (which I tried.....delish!). Yum.
5	Good as always.  Best burgers in Vegas!!!
1	I've been here a few times, seemed like it was better when it first opened and has gone downhill since. Went to lunch the other day, could not have been more disappointed.  I ordered an original lamb burger, which I have enjoyed in the past. This one was served to me with the hard plastic casing from the meat chub still surrounding the patty. INEXCUSABLE!!! The waffle fries we ordered were on the soggy side, and the wings were a lot spicier than the mild we ordered. I am not sure why our visit was this bad, as the restaurant was not overly busy.  I have enjoyed visits for a quick lunch in the past with no problems. This one just ruined all other visits. Although they did take the burger off the bill, a visit from the manager to apologize would have been in order.....will probably NEVER visit this establishment again.
2	Le Burger Brasserie clearly benefits from its location -- steps away from the intersection of Bally's and Paris and, more importantly, all the convention halls filled with out-of-towners unwittingly looking for a quick, cheap place to grab a bite. I landed here because of a Groupon. The potato skins were tiny and limp. The Le bleu burger ($13) was decent, but mainly because the cheese and bacon  made up for the dense  and uninspired patty. Places like this don't have to produce a great product because of all the one-and-done customers that routinely fill their space. And, like them I won't be back.
4	Its not a place to take little kids. Its more of a sports bar/restaurant.  The prices are decent for the quality of food that is offered. I had a groupon and went to use it and they said Sorry its not valid on Sundays.  Say what.. Well in tiny print it says it on the groupon but they honored it anyways.  It is very loud in here and its a place to drink and eat burgers and watch sports. It is dark inside too, not good for people who have a vision problem.  4 stars because they honored the groupon, the food was good quality. I didnt go here for the atmosphere with my 4 kids, I went bc I had a groupon.
3	The food was great. The prices were (of course on the strip) on the high end for what you get. The service was terrible. We did more waiting for our waitress to come around than anything else. Disappointing to spend $65 for 3 people to eat burgers and fries, and not get good service.
4	Damn good burger at a damn good price! Had the lunch special (regular burger, fries, and a drink for $15). Also tried their Beignet dessert, very good even though a couple were fried a little too long. The name says sports bar but don't confuse this place with your local Chili's, it's way better!
2	Well if you don't want service or are not in any rush  this place is for you. It took over 10mins just for her to come to our table to say she would be right with us.  Once she came over for drinks and I asked if they had a specific vodka she left,  served 5 tables and returned with the answer 10 mins later.  The happy hour is fine its a nice 2 for 1 deal on all drinks 4-7 and 9-close but with the service your lucky to get one drink in an hr.  My husband and I ordered the beet salad and after eating it we realized they forgot to add the goat cheese to our salads.  The salad was good or it was that were were starting from waiting 45mins for food.  You can use your total rewards card here for a discount.We will not be coming back due to slow service.
3	Came here to watch some Monday night football.  It's nice because they have lots of TVs and a huge projector.  They also play game audio.Over four hours of football, we ordered the Kobe burger, onion ring tower, pick 3 fries, French fantasy martinis, Midnite in Paris, and the beignets.The food was pretty much bar food that was trying to be fancy.  The burgers were pretty decent and the fried stuff was delicious.  I really liked the criss cut sweet potato fries.  The martinis were delicious and strong.  The beignets were meh.  Overall, a fun time was had by all, but I wouldn't go out of my way to return.
1	I really hate to give this place such a terrible rating because the food itself was delicious.  However, the service was absolutely atrocious.  My husband and I waited fifteen minutes to be seated while two other tables who came up after we arrived were seated immediately.  It then took an additional ten minutes to be addressed by the waiter.  Dinner took 30 minutes to arrive and part of my husband's order was missing.  The check took another extended period of time.  All in all we spent well over an hour and a half waiting and very little actually enjoying our meal.  Very disappointed.
5	The best kobe hamburger in town.
4	This place was good, not great. That being said, I did end up going back in the same weekend lol. I think my expectations were too high, I was expecting  one of those gourmet burger places that had really high quality food and that's just not this place. Unfortunately, the fries and onion rings are a frozen product ;( The service was average, the girls are busy and working lots of tables so I get it. The positive? My Le' Paris burger was delicious!! It had Brie cheese, carmelized onions and bacon on it, the combination of those flavors was awesome!! I would probably go back for a quick bite without a wait.My opinion is that this is an older Vegas restaurant that used to be poppin' and now it's lost some of that hotness that's so important in this city! I would guess that this gets a makeover into a different restaurant in the near future! MY GO-TO: Le'Paris Burger!
3	The food was really pretty good. The service was the worst. We were seated promptly. Greeted and order taken in fair time. Then we never saw Alex our server again. No one came to refill our waters or sodas. No one came by to check how we liked our meal. The burgers were good but the fries were inedible. We would have exchanged them for something but never could we even flag down our server. We finished eating with totally empty glasses through most of our meal. Then we sat and waited for a check. We flagged down several people asking if they could send our server over with a check but still sat until we almost walked out. Alex finally swooped by and dropped the check. Luckily we pay with cash so we could get out w/out having to wait any longer.
3	I got the La Campagne Turkey Burger with turkey bacon, fried egg and white cheddar cheese... the burger was good, but not special. I wouldn't go back just because it is Vegas and there is so much other spectacular things to eat!
4	Good food but kind of small portions. Way too little waitresses  for the amount of people. Would go back though
4	I loved my husbands Kobe beef burger, it was better than my French dip but it was still good. My sweet potato fries were cold and our server "cowgirl Christina" ( something like that ) was happy to get me some more piping hot ones. She was what really made the experience super nice and super friendly. Atmosphere is cool and relaxed and they had the football game on, I dig it.
4	I find the average rating of this upscale burger establishment both understandable and not understandable, all in the same breath. Minus my initial introduction from a hostess that just did not understand her role as the front person for the business, where the key is being understanding, diplomatic and patient. (Fail, Fail, Fail). My guess without reading all the reviews is a portion of the lower stars were from customers that faced a similar situation to mine, in dealing with her. (No names should be mentioned and won't) The truth is I hope she got canned for her horrible attitude and unprofessional approach to me and my party as it is the proper way to handle these typesOnce seated inside, peering at the well appointed dining area, grasping the classy menu (yes, even burger joints can have sophisticated menus from structure to content) I was totally at peace and ready to order. The service was excellent, never needing for an item that wasn't available nor offered.As we had a member of our group that was under the weather and spoke no English, I ordered for him a bowl of Chicken Noodle soup with extra French Bread and butter. The butter must have been hand churned as it was better than any I have had to date and the French bread was equally as outstanding, crispy, flaky, doughy served up piping hot.So few places do Mojotios and even less will prepare an wildcard fruit Mojito like strawberry, which our server Kristine assured us was no problem and it was delivered swiftly and the bar alchemist did a splendid job in its creation. If your not into such beverages, you can enjoy a cold Coors Light for the rock bottom price of $8.00. No not for a 12 ouncer but a 24!The Classic (Le Classique) medium rare, with a side of Bearnaise sauce, served on Parmesan bread was a real delight, quality ground beef cooked to perfection, but it paled in comparison to the Saveur Burger which just reached the pinnacle of burger predictability. The Petite cone of French Fries was far from petite as it was ample enough to provide a nice side order for a few patrons to share.Unfortunately I can not recall the young mans name that was the MOD on the day we sat to eat at Le Burger Brasserie Sports Grille, but I want to take a moment to express my gratitude to him as a true food and beverage professional manager. When I first began this article, I mentioned a very unpleasant situation that was thrust upon me and my guests of not doing of our own, The young Asian gentleman (the MOD-Manager on Duty) listened to my explanation of the unpleasant reception we were greeted with. There was no wavering in his demeanor, he listened intently, sat us immediately and checked in with us after our meal had come to its completion. He saved our dining experience and this review to be sure.
4	I popped in here for lunch. There was a 45 minute wait, but since I was by myself, I was able to grab a seat at the bar instead, fortunately.The service was a little slow, but they were pretty busy, so it wasn't a big deal to me.I went with the L'americain burger. It comes with American cheese, onion rings, and mushrooms. The burger was really good and it's a pretty big burger, too so very filling.She asked what kind of fried I wanted, so I assumed those were included in the price, but when I got the check, it turned out they were an extra $5, so just be aware of that. They were very good fries though.It was a little pricey for what it is, but I guess that's the norm on the strip.Overall, I was happy with my choice, although I would rather have gone next door to Planet Hollywood to try Gordon Ramsay's burger place, but I didn't have time.
1	Let me start by saying that my waitress was excellent. Sorry, wish that I had remembered her name. The food, however, was a different story. I ordered the La Combinaison-The Combo. The onion rings were cold and the onions were stale. Tasted like old onion rings. The chicken fingers and small potato skins were not much better. The hot wings were the best of the combo. I also had the Le Paris Burger combo with a shake. Fries and shake were delicious. The taste of the burger was awful. The worst tasting beef that I've ever had.  Could get much better food someplace else for the price. Will not go back !!!
1	I had dinner in this restaurant on January 22nd and got food poisoning.  I was very sick for four days. I left a message for the manager to complain but s/he has not called me back.  I'll never set foot in there again.
3	What can I say about Le Burger Brasserie?  It's just okay, in my opinion. A friend and I didn't have burgers on our dinner agenda, but when you're hungry you do what you got to do.Let's start with the positives...-No wait-Served quick-Service was great-Le Saumon Salmon (their salmon burger).  I had this on my most recent visit and was actually surprised.  I've had their burgers before and rather stick to a good old fashion American burger.  However, their salmon was pretty tasty, on the healthier side, and packed with protein.  Not complaining here. Just Okay...-The rest of their burgers. I've had their Le Kobe Burger and Sliders on past visits.  Let's just say that I wasn't too impressed, especially since their known for burgers-Menu Selection-PriceOverall,  I really don't have too many negatives.  I rather go elsewhere for a burger.  Ironically, their salmon is pretty good.
3	The food here was really great. I recommend the Nutella milkshake. My husband and I both love it. I had Le Paris burger and he had the Mediterranean. I enjoyed his more than mine. Just be aware fries do not come with the order, you pay for those separate. The waitress could have been more friendly. It took her ten minutes just to come over and tell us she be with us in a bit. Restaurant wasn't even full. The only time she came over was to take our order, bring our food and then bring out check. No drink refills, no asking if we needed anything else. When she brought back the check she said have a good day with her back turned towards us walking away.
2	3 people. The bill was about $75 bucks. We were never asked about refills. My medium well burger was dry. Not worth the bucks.
1	Terrible service.  First, I had ordered sweet potato fries with my burger and my friend had ordered waffle fries.  When delivered, the fries were reversed.  Second, I had ordered my burger without onions, and it came with onions.  Instead of replacing all the garnishes, they just removed the onions which had already permeated through to the garnishes, and so I could taste onions with every bite of the burger.  Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.  He asked them to take it back and melt it, and they said that they couldn't do that.  Fourth, our other friend had ordered his burger with wholewheat bun but was given a honey oat bun and, when asked, was told that it was wholewheat.  Fifth, my first friend had to ask for his milkshake three times before he got it!  Burger was nothing special, sweet potato fries were undercooked (Carls Jr has better sweet potato fries).  I'll never go there again and hope that others read this review and go elsewhere for a burger.
4	Had a groupon for this place, the burgers were amazing!!! I had a chicken Cesar it was decent but my hubby had the salmon burger and it was absolutely amazing. We had great service!!!
2	Came in right before leaving to go home and had mixed feeings about the establishment. It's a neat place with amazing food. Burger was perfectly cooked and fries were great but the wait staff was all rude! The hostess, waitress, and water girl were rude. Not only did the girl splash water on my friend and create a little puddle on the table, she never acknowledged it nor cleaned it it. Food was good. Staff sucks
4	Basically located at Bally's. Don't go through the main Strip entrance of Paris or you'll have to walk through all them darn shops and other restaurants for a cool mile before you get the place.Went here for lunch: delicious burger and even better cobb salad. I highly recommend! Look for the Groupon: $15 for $30 worth of food. Yumm!Good spot for families and casual/chic dining. American food.
5	We both had a burger, mine being Blu Cheese and it was excellent. We shared sweet potato and regular fries.they were also very good.Service was very good. We hit happy hour and had the Cadillac Margarita, Sarah thought it was a little strong, I thought it was good.Good choice and we would come back
2	It was ok... but not what I expected.  The burger was cooked properly but not very juicy... as if it had sat around for awhile or the meat just wasn't that fresh.  My fiance got a chicken salad and didn't enjoy that either very much either.  The service was good.  Lee has a big smile all the time but for a place that has "burger" in it's name and charges $15, it should have better burgers than this.  Five guys is better...
5	I went here a couple of days ago for lunch. I'd seen some good reviews so I suggested that we eat here when we arrived. There was no line when we got here and it was pretty empty. This wasn't a problem because we were starving! Our waitress was extremely nice and very attentive. The burgers are out of this world! Everyone in my group joked about how we couldn't look at burgers the same because they wouldn't be from here. The burgers are moist and cooked perfectly! I will definitely be coming back again
4	Awesome to not have a wait! Good serivice. Food was pretty good. I really enjoyed my creamy tomato soup (soup du jour) that went really well with the MUST HAVE blue cheese fries.... Fries + blue/Brie cheeses, bacon & avocado = amazing.It's otherwise a large sports bar with a ton if tv's & bar in the middle. Nothing too extraordinary.
3	Bought a $40 Groupon for $20 before our last trip to Las Vegas. Located just off the Bally's casino in the mall connector to the Paris Casino. This is a casual dining, sports grille kind of place. Both my wife and I had their $17 Burger (we selected chicken burger) and Brew combo with an order of $6 onion rings. Portion size was adequate for dinner. Waiter was attentive even though he was busy he was playful in nature. While we were eating my wife asked me if I thought the chicken burger patty was made fresh or frozen, so we asked. Our waiter with a smile said frozen but followed with the fact that they just hired a new chief and the new chief was appalled at the use of pre-made frozen chicken burgers and assured us fresh chicken burgers will be used in the future. We didn't ask but I highly suspect the onion rings were frozen as well. Somewhat surprising for a place that offers a $777 Kobe Beef and Maine Lobster Burger. Overall, I would not hesitate one bit to buy another Groupon and come back. By ScottyVegas.com
4	Really good food. We ate at Burger Brasserie a couple of months ago, using a Groupon. The food and service were excellent. It only gets 4 stars because there is no a bathroom!!! Really? Get in, seated and while you're waiting for your food find out there is not a restroom. Come on. I would definitely eat there again though. And I agree with others, cut through Bally's. If you're coming from Bally's it's right there when it turns into Paris.
4	My most recent trip to Vegas - we went here 3 times. I am definitely a fan.Twice we just stopped in for drinks and once we ate dinner here. I had the French burger with brie. It was delicious. Very juicy. Was a bit sloppy trying to keep it all together, but overall, delicious. The waffle fries - eh - just average. Nothing great to speak of. We had great service with one of the bartenders and not so great with another... but luckily we had the good one twice. That worked out well. Regarding drinks - the bloody mary mix is good. Not horseradishy.. which is great! Added a splash of tabasco, and it was perfect.Here's the real kicker - the mimosas. You get a mini-bottle of champagne and orange juice. None of the poured from a large bottle stuff. The whole little bottle. Well worth the $9. The location is very convenient in the walk through from Bally's to Paris.Also, they have a huge projection screen tv if you want to catch the game at the bar.
2	PSA: I don't eat red meat, so take this review for what you will.I was recently in Sin City for work and we had our department dinner at Burger Brasserie. We were a large group, so I feel slightly bad for giving criticism, but the service was painfully slow. Some of my coworkers were on their second drink while others hadn't even gotten their first, many of the food orders took a long time (possibly misplaced?), and our server never asked if we wanted additional drinks.Beyond the service, I found the food to be just blah. Once again, read someone else's review regarding their burgers, but as for their appetizer platter, french fries, shrimp Caesar salad, and tomato bisque soup, I was unimpressed. The appetizers were average (yet obviously cost double since it's Vegas) and my "tomato bisque soup" had to have been marinara sauce. My coworker even said it tasted like the same sauce she got with her fries. The only positive note for the food was that their shrimp was surprisingly delicious.I don't often give negative reviews, but I just can't get on board with Burger Brasserie.
1	Came here with a Groupon because I would not come to the Paris otherwise. Never had a good experience here and this place lives up to my expectations.  The service was terrible and the place smelled like vomit. Not worth coming here even with a Groupon.
5	I saw a pretty good groupon for this place so I decided to try it out. The verdict: worthy of a return!Service:Service was fast and friendly. Granted I did go early on a Monday night so it wasn't crowded. But the waitress was very friendly and I was satisfied with service.Value for money:With the groupon, it was an unbelievable deal. Between me and my boyfriend, we were able to get 2 burgers, a milkshake, blue cheese fries, and an extra topping on my burger for just over the groupon amount (I paid $20 for $40), Even without a groupon, the prices are fairly reasonable for a high end burger. They also have combos so that you can save on a burger and milkshake and/or fries. (Tip: join Total Rewards players club (for free!) and you get a slight discount as well).Food:Delicious! We got a chocolate and nutella milkshake! YUMMM. You can mix up to three flavors for your own special milkshake. I got a le bleu burger and my boyfriend got the saveur lamb burger. Afterwards, I kind of wish I got a different burger, just because we had bleu cheese fries with essentially the same toppings. Oh well...it was still delicious. The lamb burger though (I stole quite a bit from my boyfriend...mwahahha)...oh man oh man...absolutely delightful! It was a perfect combination of flavors to create a beautiful symphony in your mouth.Had a really good experience and I'll most likely go back in the future.On a sort of side note, if you're planning on parking at paris, be extra careful when driving. That intersection has a lot of pedestrians...and let's face it...when people are pedestrians on the strip...for some reason, they turn really stupid and forget the first lesson you learn in kindergarten - look both ways before crossing the street. I also saw somebody almost hit a cop on bike too (really? of all the people to almost hit...you go for the cop? come on man!) - obviously they got pulled over.
4	Small proem with meal staff and mangement exceeded my expectations to correct. Food was good the bernaise sauce done well the kobe burger done nicely
4	Stretchy pants required.We were very deep into March Madness - all sports bars are full and Vegas is in full bloom.We needed a quick bite while trying to main our eye on the game.  This place was a great venue to do so.   We had no wait.  The server was very pleasant.I followed some of the reviews and ordered Le Paris Burger cooked medium with waffle fries.My burger was very juicy but on the bland side.  I recommend a good seasoning before the first bite.I am addicted to the waffle fries.  I should have special ordered a topping or sauce (besides Ketchup).Atmosphere was great.  Overall a great experience if you need a quick meal.   Like everywhere in Vegas ... it was on the expensive side.   My burger and waffle fries and ice tea was $25.   There are cheaper eats.
1	I roll in here at 8:15pm on a Monday night and head to the bar so I can watch a game on the only TV that's showing it.  I sit there for about 10 minutes and no one comes over to me.  I goto the bartender and ask for a menu.  What does he say?  "The kitchen is closed."  Really?  And your hours say you're open until midnight?  WTF?
3	Maybe we have the urge to try ALL burgers in Las Vegas...While there are many good burgers, most fall in the OK class. This place is precisely a-ok.
1	We moved here from a little over six months ago. We've been looking forward to coming to this place for some time, boy were we ever disappointed... it took over ten min just to get our drink order. Another twenty just to put our food order in. After being there for two hours and not eating we had enough. Slow and bad service. Food came out way to late and when it finally came out it was undercooked and the onion rings were burnt. I will not come back to this place. Don't waste your time or money...
3	We've eaten here several times over the past year.  We visited again on 3/29/2014 and were very disappointed to see that the menu had been changed... and NOT for the better.  Our favorite item was the kobe beef burger which was no longer on the menu.  After checking with someone, our server said they could still prepare one.  It was delicious as usual but I have to wonder just how long it will be available.  As for the actual menu itself, it was not clear and easily understandable.  Compared to their previous menu (still viewable on their web site), it's a major step backward.  The old menu very concisely laid out all the burger choices in a very easy to read format.  Another item of concern is the shakes.  If I understood correctly, all the shakes now contain alcohol.  I get the fact that this is a sports bar but this change is certainly not for everyone.Why the changes guys?The food server was very good and extremely professional.  The atmosphere was very good as well.  This would easily have been a 5 star review except for the items noted.As an aside, as Caesars Seven Star members, we have always been offered little sample size shakes on each visit.  That was a very nice touch and very much appreciated.  Alas, apparently this practice no longer exists.  Must be because of the alcohol.  We'll try it again but a I have the  feeling that our days at Le Burger are coming to an end.
3	Great food, but the experience was marred by a terrible waitress. Apparently our host seated us in the wrong section, and this waitress was extremely vocal about it. She was dropping an impressive string of F-bombs within earshot of our table against the aforementioned host. It was awkward because she clearly did not want more guests in her section, so we felt like a burden. We finished our meal and quickly left.
2	The husband and I have weekly lunch date. So Groupon lead us here this week. The new menu has set burgers no subbing allowed price @ 14 so if you need any changes you are forced to use the build your own @ 16 and you are give one cheese, 2 toppings (lettuce, tomatoe, etc) and one spread. The food- I enjoyed the short rib fries,  but since they add meat and cheese a bowl would be more effective than the cone they use. They should also use shredded cheese as opposed to the big chunks they used. The burgers were good despite being nickeled and dimed. The bacon however is awful, thin and extremely crispy. The  husband says better than Gordon Ramsey's I can't compare. We also did see a few nats so that killed any enjoyment we had of our lunch. There is potential but clean up and be a little more lient with subbing.
5	Great and friendly service. Christina cowboy Kovar rocks..... Pricing is reasonable. . 2nd time and loving it.
5	The gravy fries are mind blowing.  Get them!  The burgers are fantastic and the shirt rib dip was beyond amazing.  Our server Was great too!
2	Located in the shopping area which connects Paris to Bally's this is a medium to large size burger bar.  There are several televisions and one large projection screen for viewing sports while enjoying burgers and drinks.  There is a full service bar and  bar seating as well as tables and booths.  The menu consists primarily of burgers, a few salads, appetizers, shakes, drinks and a couple of sides.  Prices for burgers run in the $14-18 dollar range along with a gimmick "777" burger which costs $777.  I tried to ask our server about it, but she wasn't listening to me, a theme which continued throughout the night. My wife had the bleu burger which came with bacon, and a delicious house made sesame bun.  I have never seen so much bleu cheese on a burger and although I enjoy bleu cheese on burgers and steaks there was way to much cheese.  My wife had to scrape off the excess cheese.  The burger itself was cooked perfectly with a little pink in the center.I ordered the No Bones Rib Sandwich.  It was served on the same house made sesame roll and when I picked it up it weighed a ton.  Seriously that sandwich weighed at least a pound. There was a large amount of boneless rib meat, onion strings and some type of pickled cabbage or slaw.  The sandwich looked and sounded better than it tasted though.  Unfortunately if was just okay for me.We ordered a side of fries to share and were hoping for the thin crispy delicious fries served in the Eiffel Tower Restaurant, but unfortunately we got plain old fries which broke in half every time we tried to dip them in the tasty spicy ketchup that it came with.The highlight of our meal were the alcoholic shakes. We ordered the cookies and cream and mint chocolate shakes which were pretty tasty for $8 each.  Although Holsteins and Burgr serves better shakes these were pretty good and cheaper than the other two places.Our server was friendly and attentive but irritatingly only spoke and listened to my wife.  Now I have worked in food service before and I know that female servers will often focus on the female when serving couples as to not risk the female thinking the server was flirting with her man, but this was just outright being ignored. Perhaps the skimpy outfits the servers wear played a part in this, but for me this was just BAD service.  Our food also took at least 20 minutes to come out even though the place was not busy.Overall even with the $20 for $40 Groupon we still spent $40 after tip.  We had a burger, a sandwich, one order of fries and two shakes. Without the Groupon our bill would have been $60 assuming a 20% tip.  With all the great burger places in Vegas I can't recommend coming here and paying these prices for average food.
4	Lunch with quiet comfortable ambience, friendly conscientious service and excellent food. New menu: you'll miss the lamb burger until you've eaten the short rib dip; change can be good.
2	They changed everything that was good about this place. Expensive and just ok-it was great before the changes. No more choice of bun and several great burgers. I won't be back
5	This is my go-to burger place in Las Vegas.  Prices are reasonable and the food is excellent.  I always get my burger with Cheddar and Grilled Onions...oh so good.  Fries are definitely share-able so no need to get one for yourself.  Anyhow, service is always great, lots of TVs, beer, excellent food.  Not much more to ask for.
4	This place is EXPENSIVE...bring your appetite and deep pockets!!! With that said, everybody in our party enjoyed their meal.I had never been here, but was planning an upcoming trip to Vegas, when I saw a Groupon advertised. I briefly checked out their menu and decided to purchase the Groupon. When we arrived, we were seated immediately, as there was hardly anybody there. This place seems to be more suitable for adults. The wait staff was good, very friendly and kept checking on us to make sure we had everything and that our drinks stayed filled.I ordered the French onion Burger and man was it goooooood!!! The cornmeal bun was just right, not too big, not too small. I ordered my burger well done, and it was cooked just right. The cheese was ooey-gooey and the french onions were very tender and had a perfect balance of flavor. The burger was expensive, I believe $14 or $15 and it did NOT come w/ any sides, just the burger.My husband ordered the housemade cheddar dog w/ cheese curds. It was about a foot long and had cheese melted on top and down the sides. You could tell that the cheesecurds were also housemade and not out of a freezer, they were tempura style. There was also some sort of redpepper relish on top that was tasty.This place is super expensive for a burger joint. I purchase my burger, my husbands burger, a plain cheeseburger, pretzel appetizer and 3 soft drinks and the bill was over $70!!! We did not have any fries or side dishes w/ our meals, everything is a la carte. Even w/ my Groupon I still ended up paying over $40. They have a burger called the '777' and it costs just that, $777!!! I dont think I could even convince myself to order that even if I had that kind of $$$.The food is really good, but for that price I would have rather gone and had a nice steak dinner w/ all the fixings, appetizers and dessert. If you dont mind shelling out over $14 for a burger, I would recommend eating here cause everything we ate was delicious and the service we received was good.
4	We usually end up here for a late lunch. The menu has changed a little bit, but most of the expensive burgers and salads remain. The beer list is decent but leans towards the mainstream. Once you get over the fact that you just shelled out $15 for a burger with Gruyere and caramelized onions and it didn't even come with fries you'll still enjoy the food.Service varies. I've had great servers, and I've had ones that aren't too swift. But the eye candy is great, and there's sports from every angle. The milkshakes with booze are fun, too.
2	Not what it used to be.  The menu has changed a lot this last year.  I went in really looking forward to having their veggie burger.  Gone.  Kaput.  I ordered some sort of weird salad thing with mozzarella cheese and pesto.  WAY over-priced.  The rest of my party (meat eaters) were not impressed anymore either.  That will be our last visit.
3	The menu changed pretty drastically and I'm fully convinced that it's been (gordon) ramsayed. Let me explain what I mean. I've watched enough kitchen nightmares and eaten at Ramsay's burgr to realize that by the time Ramsay is done with a restaurant, the menu becomes short and concise, portions are very exact - just enough to get full, and combos so to speak are non existent. Now I don't know for a fact that Ramsay had anything to do with the drastic changes (it's just my theory), but it sure felt that way.I enjoyed my food, but honestly, I was really disappointed with the changes. There isn't much unique about this place anymore. Before, they had all sorts of different options for burgers - lamb, salmon, chicken, burgers (even a kobe beef option), and it had sort of a French twist to it. Now, everything was pretty standard for any other high end burger place. I was kind of fantasizing about the lamb burger, so seeing it removed from the menu was kind of tragic to me. It also somewhat annoyed me that about a third of the significantly reduced menu entrees were hot dogs or bratwursts. Not that I have anything against hot dogs, except the name of the restaurant is BURGER Brasserie.They also used to have combo options, where you could add fries and/or milkshakes at somewhat of a discount as opposed to ordering separately, and those were gone too.I got the shaft bleu burger and my boyfriend got the french onion burger. Mine was delicious, but there was a bit much bleu cheese for my taste. The french onion was good, but in my opinion, it's pricey for just being gruyere and onions.We also got the gravy fries and the chocolate nutella milkshake. One thing that I thought was odd was that all the milkshakes on their menu had alcohol, which is fine because I didn't mind the alcohol. But if I didn't want the alcohol, I would have been a bit upset to pay for it and have them not include the alcohol. I liked the nutella shake from my last visit a lot better. Don't know why, but it wasn't as good this time. The gravy fries had really delicious flavor, but unfortunately were a touch too oily for my taste and also, like I said, I feel like it was Ramsayed because the portion was considerably smaller than what I expected (last time when we got bleu cheese fries, the portion was very generous - the bleu cheese fries were also no longer on the menu). I mean I'm not expecting them to be healthy by any means (they're called gravy fries for pete's sake), but I didn't like seeing all the oil seeping out.Service:Our waitress (Nicolette) was wonderful. She walked us through the new menu, and came to check on us enough, but not too much and she was very friendly.The hostesses on the other hand...were just meh...there were three of them that were just kind of huddled around the stand. There was a wait time to be seated, even though there were plenty of open tables. (This might not have been their fault though...I don't know if the restaurant was understaffed or something...I don't know this for sure, but regardless it was still weird to me.) When it was our turn to get seated, they just called out my name. But they didn't call it very loudly and I think it was just chance I heard it, because my boyfriend didn't hear it. There's a water fountain right outside the entrance to BB and there's a lot of people walking through so it's hard to hear. But it seemed like they weren't making a lot of effort.Overall: I'm disappointed with the changes. The experience this time really was just ok, hence the 3 star rating. There's nothing special about this place that will really cause me to make a special trip anymore.
4	Found a groupon, so we decided to try it out. Service was fine. Food was good. The Cheetos dusted onion rings were interesting. Good for the price with the Groupon, but with so much in Vegas, not sure we would come back.
1	Average food, terrible and slow service, forgot to add our total rewards discount. Don't waste your time!
4	Wonderful experience at this Parisian sports bar inside the Paris casino. The burgers were fun and creative and still remained excellent eating. I had the cheeseburger , yes that's its name nothing fancy just A Cheeseburger. It was made with velvetta that gave it an interesting flavor and a pickle that reminded me of grandmother's homemade bread and butter pickles. Condiments are provided on the table such as ketchup and spicy brown mustard but trust me they need nothing else. Mine came a perfect medium on a toasted fresh made bun. She had a Cheeseburger but changed her cheese to a smoked cheddar. I sampled hers and found it delicious as well. Again condiments would have just brought this dish down. On this visit we went with french fries that came with a very interesting in house made condiment that was akin to a wasabi ketchup. The staff was attentive without being overly friendly. Drinks stayed filled and checked on us frequently without being annoying. We found this wonderful place by a groupon offer which left us paying half price. Our first visit was so good we returned 2 days later. This time I had the chicken sandwich and she added bacon to a cheeseburger and switched to velvetta. Our side item choice this time was onion rings which are great but made even better because they are made with Cheeto powder in the batter! Absolutely delighted with this fun choice. Our server Amanda was a bit more friendly on this visit and the service was even better. I only give it 4 because without the groupon offer it would have been a bit pricey for burgers and fries, but we enjoyed it so much I will return each time we come to Vegas even if I have to pay full price. They had very tasty sounding milkshakes that all contained alcohol sadly we were too stuffed to try them but rest assured they will be top of our list on the next visit.
5	So we ended up eating here because of Groupon and we were very happy with our choice.  First, we waited about 10 minutes as told for a seat.  We were served by a great waitress (forgot her name but she has a tattoo across her chest) she was attentive, knowledgeable about the menu and very friendly.  We ordered a panzella salad and pretzel appetizer.  The salad was big and very good - a perfect blend - and the dressing was delicious.  The pretzels were 2 hard sticks and 4 soft very large nuggets with 2 dipping sauces, one was a spicy mustard and a very good cheese dip.  My husband ordered the BBQ chicken burger and I built my burger.  He felt the burger was plain as are most chicken burgers but not bad at all.  My burger was a beef burger with mozzarella, sundried tomatoes,  lettuce, and garlic aioli which was delicious...it really hit the spot.   I gave it 5 stars because the service was great, food was great, and I prefer a smaller menu (the online menu is not their current menu).  It was a sports bar so you we were able to watch the basketball playoffs as well. I would recommend this restaurant.
4	I guess after looking at other reviews that we got lucky  to have great service. Nicolette was our server and she first of all apoligized that the computers were down so orders were going in slowly. Secondly, my wife ordered a lamb burger to be cooked medium and when it came out it was almost raw. Nicolette took it back immediately and five minutes later my wife had a perfect lamb burger. On top of that Nicolette gave us a free desert because of the burger and the wait.  My burger was great and with service like this who wouldn't come back!
2	I've been here before and the burgers are the real deal, but last night, I wasn't in the mood for a burger so I had a grilled chicken Caesar salad which was excellent!However, it was an ordeal to get it.  I sat at the bar and the bartender (who is well known) was just grumpy and inefficient.   He didn't come by our part of the bar for over 20 minutes at one point and everyone was waiting to pay, to order or something.  He has a shtick that he peddles and some people buy it, but you know, I just want to order a drink and a salad.  It shouldn't take 20 minutes and I shouldn't have to listen to how awful people are or how stupid the POS system is.   Listening to other people complain isn't something I like to do.  And when I'm paying for the privilege, I like it even less.If you can get a hostess to acknowledge you, get a table rather than sit at the bar.
4	Was sad to see a menu change, with my favorite grilled cheese not on it :(Decided to try the cheddar dog, which is HUGE, and quite good.  Had a caparina to drink, in a tall glass, but it was also good.   Not sure I will make a special trip to eat here on my visits to Vegas anymore (I really lived that grilled cheese), but it was good.
2	My team and I were trolling the strip looking for a place to eat. We decided that a burger would be simple and ideal. We found this French themed burger place inside of the Paris hotel and thought it should be good. When we walked up to the doors, we were greeted by a couple of hostesses that were way too ugly to have such a shitty, snooty attitude. They barely acknowledged us and just pointed inside to the bar and said "seat yourselves" We were too hungry to care so we sat down at the bar and the bartender just seemed tired, overworked and didnt really care about the people. To him, we were just another party crew passing through Las Vegas. He handed us all dirty, sticky greasy menus and disappeared for 10 minutes.We finally gave him our drink orders and he was snappy with his response and seemed so annoyed by us, the people who tip.  When I ordered my Guinness, he just poured it in the pint, one pour and let it sit and settle by itself. Any self respecting bartender would NEVER pour a pint of Guinness so poorly. If I were a manager or the establishments owner, I would give him his walking papers just for his lack of respect to Guinness and the art of the "Perfect Pour." I let that slide in hopes that the food would be great.  I ordered the Blue Cheese burger and when it finally came out, I sank my teeth into it and, while it was a tasty burger, it was without a doubt the greasiest thing I have eaten in very long time.  It had disrupted my stomach that I could not even eat it anymore. It was heavier by the grease and not by the meat. Huge bun designed to fill you up and distract you from the fact that youre eating a greasy pile of beef in a huge doughy bun.  I perhaps wouldnt have been so disappointed by this if the $15 burger at least came with french fries, but I left with a stomach ache and never a desire to return.I would never recommend this place. If you want to eat a burger. Do NOT go here.There is a Fatburger right down the strip and is worth the extra time/distance walking.
4	Kind of my go to for Las Vegas . They are always on Groupon and so for the quality of the food and good price it's one of our favorites.New Menu ,but burgers are still very good . Drinks are cold . Nice decor and will keep going .
5	Loved this place! Super quick service and great food. Lamb burger was excellent and the fries were seasoned to perfection. Can't wait to back for the captain crunch infused shake as I'm pregnant and not able to indulge. I know, I know....that sucks!
1	I wouldn't give four stars for the simple fact that the guy in the background was served before me, even though I arrived 15 minutes before he did.  Combine that with the fact that they almost messed up the temperature of my artisan burger, I should only give them 2.5 stars.  The "skippy" who "85'd" my burger dropped a tray full of draft beers about 5 minutes later, so I had the last laugh. Skip eating here simply for the fact that you have to order fries separately from the burger.  Are they really going out of business? Maybe, but I just changed the review to two stars.  I run at least two miles a day.  They just charged me triple what I should have paid, should be zero stars.  It's always good to know that my insights are center-mass and dead-on accurate!  Thx!  Also, there's a big difference between pig Latin and au francais.  In reading subsequent reviews, I guess that if you throw dog food on the floor, people will lick it up.
3	The food here is delicious . The wings are very flavorful . They are baked first so the meat just falls off the bone . The cheeseburgers are literally the best ever ! No joke . They are made with velveeta cheese, which I was a little skeptical of -but pleasantly surprised with ... Soooo here's the reason for only 3 stars...We went on a Sunday at 9:30 at night and the place looked pretty empty, however, we were told we would have to wait 30-40 minutes when there were clearly several empty tables . We decided to wait . Our waiter was very friendly, but, he was verrrryyy slow with delivery and not very attentive at all . We had to ask several times for for refills of water, drinks, etc . Once we finished our meal we had to wait an additional 25 minutes for our bill . Our waiter had just disappeared and we finally had to signal for the bus boy . Overall, if you have lots of time on your hands ... Def a must eat .. . But if you're on a tight schedule ... DO NOT even attempt .
3	Ok so I came here hoping to get the filet mignon burger that I got 9 months ago. I ordered a Groupon the filet mignon was still on the groupon site .When I got here no steak burgers at all very very very very disappointed I love my filet mignon did have to settle for Kobe beef, being a travel agent I asked for a small consultation, Free fries. Keep you posted
2	The burgers were pretty good, but the service was lousy. 15 minute wait despite being half empty.  Took about 30 minutes to actually get our food.  Too expensive for bad service like that.
5	Good was great really liked the pork sandwich and the French dip. Cheddar onion rings were great too. Service was super good, I hated my cocktail and she was on top of it to give me a new one.
2	This place went from 4 stars for food and service to 2 stars. The menu change is horrible! They no longer offer their turkey burger, La Campagne which was delicious. You no longer have the option to choose the flavors for a milkshake and they now all come with alcohol. You can opt to not have the alcohol added, however it is the same price. I had a chocolate nutella shake prior to this visit and it was amazing, this time around I had it again (minus the alcohol) and it wasn't anything special. The combos are no longer offered, which was a great deal that included a burger, fries, and a shake. I went on a Saturday night around 9pm and service was horrible! Our cheeseburger mac n cheese bites came out cold, however, our server did get us a new "hot" order. I ordered a BBQ chicken burger this time and it was good but for the price, it wasn't great. The restaurant was somewhat busy, but waiting 40 minutes for our burgers was unacceptable. Due to the menu changes and slow service, I most likely will not be returning.
4	Excellent Blue Cheese burger! Medium is really medium, juicy, red meat with a fantastic blue cheese. Instead of bacon I opted for grilled onions, great choice. The onion rings were good not great, the batter was a bit doughy.
2	My wife and I stumbled onto this restaurant.  We were greeted by a woman who quickly seated us. We waited about 15 minutes before our server attended to us. My wife had a water and I had a 24oz Samuel Adams Boston Lager Her water came quick but my beer took about another 10 minutes. This was odd because restaurant was less than half full. Soon after my beer came, our server returned.  I ordered the No Bone Rib burger and she got A Burger with a side of fries. 30 minutes later they finally brought our food. Her food was cold and my No Bone rib burger had cold crispy onions. They brought us the waffle fries rather than regular. we sent it back and canceled the fries because we both were almost through with our food. I will say don't come here. all you get is slow service and cold food. Would not recommend.
5	Went there after purchasing a Groupon deal. Ordered the lamb burger and seasoned fries. Get to pick your own choice of cheese,toppings and condiments. The lamb burger was huge and very very delicious I had them make it well done and it was perfectly done....very juicy and tasty. The fries was very tasty too along with the spicy ketchup. The food was so much that I couldn't finish it and had to doggy bag it. Can't wait to go back and eat there again.
3	I've been to LE BURGER BRASSERIE a few times since I stay at the Paris often for work. The burgers are decent, they've got sports on several TVs, and a decent list of craft brews at ok prices for Vegas standards.The service is rather shaky. Last time there was good and bad. Horrid horrid service, the broad got three of our four beer orders wrong. She lost our credit card for a short while. But she was hot... And I was happy to find a super bomb menu item, the Hot Dog Sliders! Mini dogs on pretzel buns, with bacon, spicy mustard and onion strings... BOMB!!! I'll continue to hit up Le BB out of convenience and having above average food. 3.5 stars.
5	Had a great experience here yesterday. Right when we walked up we were greeted by a really sweet hostess who sat us quickly. I really wish I got her name because she deserves some praise for being so nice and she had a smile the whole time. As soon as she sat us she asked us a sport question and if we got it right it was 10% off of our check. This was a great idea, it made the start of our experience really fun. They had tv's everywhere! Which was good for me because the World Cup was starting and I didn't want to miss a thing. I didn't have any alcohol but it seems like they had a stacked bar and had beer on tap.Our server (I believe her name was Rachel) was nice and got to us promptly. There were also other people coming around to help refill drinks and making sure we were ok.I got the po boy sandwich which was really good! I haven't had anything like it. My mom had a burger which I had to taste and hers was really good as well, it was cooked perfectly and the meat they use is really good. It was kind of weird that the entrees don't come with sides but the entrees are so big that you won't be hungry without a side.  But we did get the onion rings to share. I had to get them after seeing they were covered with cheeto dust!Overall: great service, great food, will definitely be back!
2	My husband and I went to have dinner here last night. We asked for a booth first and we got seated at a table. Then we waited for it and when we got seated we realized that the AC is right above the booth blowing freezing cold air so we ended up moving back to a table. That is a great start already. We got 2 long drinks and I wanted it easy on ice and it was still full with it just like my water. I dont think the server listened at all. Details does matter to people. I liked my blue cheese burger but my husbands kobe burger was supposed to be medium and it was barely cooked. It was red as a lobster in the middle.Very disappointing. He was not happy with this $22 burger. Luckily we had a groupon for $40  but let me tell you that this dinner was $75. Rundown 2 coctails 2 burgers with 1 side. Bottom line still Not worth it.
3	What is wrong with me? I decide to eat at a BURGER restaurant and what do I order? A chicken burger. A boring, bland patty of nothingness that tasted no better than something out of my local grocer's freezer aisle. I don't know what possessed me. They've got a burger for $777 here. I asked the waitress if she's sick of everyone asking about it and she certainly was. It's a ridiculous, pretentious waste of money; something they stuck on the menu to give this spot a bit of notoriety. According to her, they've sold only a couple. Most of that cost comes from the Dom Perignon that accompanies the burger. Happy hour rules here, though. Two-for-one drinks are the best kind of special. I spent more time drinking than I did eating any of the food they brought out.
3	Seen a Groupon deal for this place, so l checked the menu out online and also looked at the reviews and pictures on Yelp. The menu I seen had sweet potato fries on it and a kobe beef, fries and a shake for $27 with your choice of bun. Sounded great to all of us so off we went with our Groupon. Well the menu had changed- No more $27 special, No choice of bun, and No sweet potato fries. So we settled for 3 of the kobe burgers, waffle fries and 1 of us got a chocolate shake. Skip the overpriced small shake. Waffle fries were very good but a little too thick. After my second bite I found my burger had a hair in it,  so I had to wait for them to make me another one. The 2nd burger was great with carmelized onions and mushrooms. My bun was nicely toasted while my other 2 guests buns were burnt. I only ate 1/2 my burger-kinda lost my appetite after the hair. We asked the busboy for a to go box and he said he would get us one, but never came back.  Glad we had a groupon because paying $21 for a kobe burger is not worth it.  They did comp my "hair" burger, but the manager never came over to personally apologize, whuch I would have expected.
4	GET THE GROUPON FOR $15 (FOR $30 WORTH OF FOOD). FOR A STRIP RESTAURANT, THIS IS NOT A BAD PRICE. Sure, the $30 (now $15) doesn't include fries, but the burgers are pretty filling and for the Strip (*cough cough BURGR), this is not a bad price at all. In fact, some may argue that it's a steal. Located in the Paris hotel, this restaurant has very attentive (and provocatively dressed in a good way) staff. Everyone is very friendly and made the experience for my bestie and I all that better.**ANOTHER NOTE: GREAT OPTION FOR VEGETARIANS** Vegetarians especially can build their own burger and it's definitely a filling meal. I had the grilled onion burger with cheese and it was SO DELICIOUS. Best burger I've had in a while.
4	Pleasantly surprised.  Not a burger fan, so have never went here.  Bought a groupon since we were staying at Paris.  Used the groupon for some apps for a light dinner/snack.  We loved, loved, loved the buffalo chicken dip served with a hot pretzel basket.  I make this at home minus the pretzels.  For those who want it hotter a few shakes of tabasco kicked it up, but it had lots bleu cheese in it.  yum!   Also ordered chicken wings (yes, we love chicken, not burgers) and they were served with a nice side of veggies...drizzled in oil and parsleys maybe.  Raw carrot, celery and zucchini (for a little something extra).  Also ordered the mac n cheese hamburger bites.  Again, good.  I would pass, but the others loved them.  The only thing we didn't care for were the onion rings.  They were doughy and bland.  Extremely so.  We also had a pink sauce and an orange sauce for dipping, both excellent.  They were not stingy on the dippies, the portions of veggies or the portions of pretzels.  Often you run out of delivery vehicles and accompaniments.  Not so.  Waitress was great.  Manager checked on table.  A little pricey and burgers were a la carte, so it made a meal twenty bucks each for burgers....but since we decided to use our groupon for a snack meal it worked out great for staying on strip and needing a small bite.  Oh, this food was for four women and we couldn't finish it.  Portions were generous.
5	Unbelievably super delicious French Onion burger! It was cooked perfectly and had an outstanding balance of flavors. Nothing was overpowering; I could taste everything.  I promised half to my other half but it was hard to give up. Also had the Panzanella Salad and it was fabulous! It was such a unique and flavorful salad. Great big chunks of mozzarella as well as artichokes.  We never would've discovered this place if it wasn't for the Groupon and I'm so happy we did.
3	I overheard a conversation at the table next to me in which it was made known that this place changed hands about 5 months ago. So check out their menu online, you'll see the Paris burger that's the darling of all these glowing reviews is no more.  Also it's part of Bally's now, not Paris, and it's branded a "sports grille."  This is my first time here so I don't know what it was before.I had the bleu cheese burger and it was excellent.  My wife ordered the barbecue chicken burger.  The kitchen ran out of barbecue sauce and substituted some barbecue aioli which she didn't like. I didn't think it was cool to do a substitution without checking with us first. Glad she doesn't have an allergy...The fries were good but at the end of the day they were just fries.Overall I think that the food is decent here but the value is just so-so.  The service could use a little polish but was OK.
4	We used a Groupon to dine here. I had been here previously with my mother so knew what I was getting into. The burger was seriously the best any of our group of 4 had ever had! Between the four of us we split one order of onion rings and one order of waffle fries, so know that splitting sides is more than sufficient. Definitely a find for a reasonable place to dine and have a beer while on the strip! I will say the service was beyond slow, I think we waited 45 min for our food due to a "bread" issue per our server, but all that was forgotten once our bellies were filled with our delicious burgers!
4	This place is located in the Paris and has good food, however, I do lot feel the quality reflects the price. $15 for a burger alone is a bit much when the burgers are not large or amazingly special. They do have a happy hour from 4-7 so I suggest coming during this time to save money on drinks. Beers alone are about $8. I had the blu cheese burger and it was very good. The waitresses are dressed very provocative but I can't say the price is necessarily worth it because I got stuck with a male waiter....I was not pleased. I would take a look around to see who's serving where and request a certain table or go to the bar. Service was good and I did not wait long for anything.
3	I have nothing spectacular off hand to say about the food..but I do remember it was pretty good.  My stomach wasn't feeling itself, so rather than have a burger, I got a salad and the chicken soup.  Both were above average in my book, considering I got then from a burger bar.  My boyfriend got a burger and I stole a bite (of course :) ) and it was A-OK :)  What stole the show was the service.  My water was refilled as if by magic and our server was very pretty and helpful with suggestions.  Not bad, overall!
4	Walking through Paris shortly after checking in we were  enticed by the 2 for 1 happy hour special. Two friends ordered Kobe beef burgers and I had a pretzel appetizer. Of course we shared several 23oz beers at the 2 for 1 price. The food was delicious. The Kobe burgers got rave reviews from my friends, and the pretzels were a nice size snack at a reasonable price. As is the case with almost every Vegas establishment that isn't $$$$, service was pretty terrible. But we managed and had a good time. If you came to spend some real money, they have a $777 burger with Kobe beef, Foie Gras, goat cheese, pancetta, lobster, and 100 year aged balsamic. Oh yeah, it also comes with a bottle of Dom perignon champagne. If you order a tower of beer (not A part of the 2 for 1) you get to spin a wheel and can win a 1/2 off entree. If you're feeling lucky in Vegas maybe you can get one of these burgers at half price!
5	Food was great. Had the barbecue and smoked cheddar turkey sliders and waffle fries. Sliders were cooked absolutely perfectly - crispy, juicy, hot. Waffle fries were well seasoned and came in a healthy portion. Wait service was also excellent, our cups never went dry and he was very quick. If you're in the area and want a well-cooked meal, come here!!
1	Not sure I'll be seeking out Le Burger Brasserie on my next trip to Vegas.  I always seek out Le Burger every time I'm in Vegas.  So far I've eaten there six times since 2011.  This visit I knew something was wrong, the place was not packed as when I ate here in Feb 2014.  Was greeted, seated right away and helped by a nice waitress named Victoria.  She took my order and after 10 minutes out food came out hot and yummy.  I had the build your own burger it was fairly good, however the bun was dry and beef patty smaller than in past visits.  To go with my burger I ordered onion rings for $7.00 only got 6 rings?  Wow.  Before we would get 10 to12 rings stacked high.  My bill came and the waitress forgot to deduct my TR (total rewards discount), I wasn't going to fuss with $2.00, however she asked for my rewards card when I sat down and took it. Oh well,  too many changes to the menu, food quality, and overall experience....I'll never go back!  Try Burgr or Bobby's Burger Palace....
3	Service kinda sucks, we were waiting in front and the same hostess knew we were waiting. After a family who clearly came after us was seated I went up to ask, and the hostess told me she had called our party 4 times so we were passed. Food took about 40 min even though it wasn't crowded. Waitress was super sweet though, not her fault.
2	I had lunch here one day. I wasn't impressed.The beer selection is standard Harrah's property stuff. They claim it is a sports bar, but it doubt I'd want to come here to watch any sports. The TV ratio is rather lacking.I had a burger and fries. My main reason for giving the place 2 stars is the burger was average. I expected better. There wasn't anything special. The meat was good, the bun was good, the toppings were fine. I expected a better burger.
3	Great service and vibe.  Got the blue cheese burger with kobe beef. I had heard the best things about this place but I was not impressed.  It was good but it wasn't what I expected with all its high reviews. Onion rings were very good with "cheetos" seasoning.  Maybe I'll try this place again and order a classic cheeseburger.
5	Good food. Good service. Overall surprisingly good experience. Burger and pastrami sandwich were better than what we had at Burgr at Planet Hollywood after a 3 hour wait.
3	4 for service2 for food.Came on a Monday night with a groupon and my total rewards card.  If you have the card, you pay the 1.00 cheaper price for each option.  Wasn't in the mood for a veggie burger( don't eat beef) and my girl didn't want to split the chicken burger so we ordered some apps and a salad. Soft and crisp pretzels with a beer cheese sauce and a beer mustardtator tots with cheese, speck, green onionshot dog sliderschicken cesar salad.Pretzels 9.00The pretzels were really disappointing.  They were not soft pretzels, they were pretzel BUNS.  The same freaking buns that the hot dogs sliders were served on.  Oh, I can't forget the 2 pretzel rods that were on the plate( the crisp selection).  Very expensive for a some pretzel rolls and 2 pretzel rods.  The cheese sauce and mustard were very boozy( good if you like beer).  We took the rods with us, tried to eat them the next day by the pool and they were staler than shit. Tots 9.00These weren't so much tots as they were leftover mashed potatoes, zushed up with cheese, ham, and green onions. Then, mold them into a large tater tot shape and throw them in the deep fryer.  Did not like these at all.SaladLots of chicken, not that much cheese, croutons, dressing.  Basic, 14.00Hot dog slidersSmallish dogs, wrapped in bacon, thrown on a pretzel roll that was slathered in margarine, topped with small fried onions.  I didn't eat these( don't eat beef), my wife said they "ok"Maybe we should have gotten a burger?  We might have fared better.  They were running a special, a make your own burger, fries or rings and a soda for 25.00.  They only carry pepsi products so that didn't sound good to us.   We had a groupon, 20 for 40.00.  We spent 1 extra dollar, plus tax and a generous tip since service was really good.  That's about all I can say for this place.  I enjoyed my 6.49 cents sandwich from Earl of Sandwich last night a lot better than this meal.
3	This is the sort of place that you hope will be amazing, but just kinda lets you down. It's just a-ok. If you're looking for a great burger in Vegas, there are far better ones than you'll find here. Everything here is just alright. The ambiance, the service, the burgers, the hot dogs, the fries, the desserts, the cocktails, the beer list - it's all just average and a-ok. For a top chef restaurant in Vegas, you want more. But if you're in the Bally's / Paris hotels and want a burger and beer without leaving the property, this place will work just fine. Nothing is bad. It's just that nothing is amazing either. Hint: Get your order to go and take it to your room (if you're staying at Bally's / Paris and not feeling like going to a better place).
3	Went here for dinner a few days ago and really enjoyed how they start you off with a "sports question of the day" for a chance at receiving 10% off your bill. I thought it was a nice and unique way to engage interested customers.Anyway, we had a decent time here but probably would not go back.I wasn't too fond of the restaurant interior. We were seated at a booth that felt rather grimy and outdated. It is also fairly dark inside and the table setup is sort of crowded. I am not sure exactly - but something about being there was just off and I never felt comfortable during our meal. Aside from that, our waiter was a very nice guy, but overall service was clumsy and scattered.For dinner we started off with the gravy fries, which were delicious by the way. We followed up with a french dip style sandwich and custom kobe burger. I think we were satisfied with our entrees, but I feel like I could easily find something better elsewhere with a lower price tag.
4	this has been my place to go EVERY single time i am in vegas. the bartender (not sure if he is there anymore) is why i go there seriously, he is the best bartender i have come across in all my trips to vegas. when im craving that blue cheese burger and a good beer i go here. shout out to D! hope to see you soon!
3	Burger was great. The bun was mediocre. They closed early (10:00pm) the night we arrived at 10:05pm but the manager checked with kitchen and let us stay after a little back and forth.
3	Service was friendly and attentive and food was not bad at all.  Just pricey for what we got but I suppose when in Vegas . ...  We were wandering around casino hopping and needed a snack to soak up some booze so we stopped in here and had some tasty fried goodness of tater tots which were a mix of potatoes, ham, cheese and chives with a jalapeno ketchup.  Good food and service I would stop in again for a snack.
3	A group of us went here to eat some burgers since we heard they had good burgers. The food was good but somewhat oily and dry. I woul of given the restaurant 4 stars if it wasn't for the horrible service provided by Olivia. She had a bad attitude throughout the whole time we were there for no reason at all. We asked for a To Go box and she just threw it on the table, which we thought was so rude. We asked our waters to be filled 3 times before she actually got around to it. The restaurant is expensive, so I expected better service. Overall, it's worth going if you enjoy a good burger. Hopefully, you get a better waitress/waiter.
1	At the restaurant now and it had taken 45 min and our food still isn't out. All for burgers, it's way to slow and the service is mediocre. Overpriced and not worth the wait.
4	Split a build-a-burger, waffle fries and had a couple of beers at this a la carte sports burger bar with my hubby after a loooong walk down the strip.  Burger was really good and totally hit the spot.  Liked the sport question at seating with a chance to get 10% off (we failed! It was Drew Bledsoe - who knew?).  A bit pricey for what we had, but I'd eat here again.
1	We stopped in there because of a special they promoted outside the bar. We had 5 people in my group. The service was fair and they kept screwing up our drink orders. My wife ordered a rum and coke and ended up with diet coke. She has problems with the fake sugars so we complained to the manager who was a professional ass. Would not give us a credit and was very rude. We will not be going back there. You have been warned.
4	Great burgers with a fun twist. Casual atmosphere and for Vegas it is what you expect to pay.
4	The food is really great for the price. Portions aren't crazy big, but just right. I've been here a few times and every time everything we have ordered was just right. Consistency is so important when I eat somewhere. I always want to know that whatever I'm getting is going to be just as good as the last time. And this place always delivers. The service is good too. Everyone is always really nice and accommodating but not overbearing. The only thing about this place I wish for is more liveliness. It's quiet and its a sports bar/restaurant. It really needs a better location. It's stuck back in a quiet corner of Paris and there isn't enough foot traffic to really fill the place. When I go to a sports bar/restaurant, I like at least a little excitement. Needless to say, there's always a table and service is quick.
1	The mint milkshake had no alcohol in it and they wouldn't honor the $7 total rewards price on their menu.  They all seem to know that $8 is the price and admitted the menu is wrong.  I would have given the extra dollar as a tip.But I did not detect ANY alcohol in the drink.  Two strikes and your out in my book.  I'll go get a great alcoholic drink over at Serendipity next time.
1	We had a party of 7 and were told we needed to have at least 5 people there to be seated. Once our party arrived we were told we would be seated in a couple of minutes. After about 25 minutes we checked in with hostess and she told us we would be seated next, even the manager came over and told us we were next. As a large table opened up we assumed it was ours. We were then told a diamond club member came in and would be taking the next table. After an hour and a half we decided to eat elsewhere. When we spoke to the manager that we were unhappy he said "ok" and just walked away.
4	When I walked in, my first question was what exactly is French about this joint, other than the name? It's basically a sports bar with huge tv's. Having action on the Sunday night football game, it seemed like a solid choice. But ya know, there actually were some French touches and damn the burgers were good. Believe it or not the veggie burger turned out to be my favorite, with all sorts of mushrooms and what have you formed into a patty. Toothsome. The roll was freshly baked, there were a wide variety of cheeses available for toppings (including Gruyere, that's french). I asked for a bottled water and got Evian in glass, that's french. And of course, the french fries (something else that's "french" lol) were also good, garnished with green peppercorn. That's Vegas for ya. Why use regular pepper when it can be green?
4	This gem of a burger lounge is located in the Paris Las Vegas resort. They offer a wide assortment of gourmet burger options, so we tried the the Paris burger with Brie and the French onion burger. Both were delicious.,The sweet potato fries with their special mustard seed ketchup were a great accompaniment. The offer a full bar, and multiple big screens to stay on top of the big game.
4	My family and I came here for dinner. The place was not super packed, which was good for us. Definitely, a good place to enjoy a good sports game with flat screen surrounding the entire restaurant. Be prepared to answer a trivia question about sports. If you get the answer right, 10% will be taken off of your bill. I ordered a California Chicken Burger for my entree. I was very happy to receive my burger. When I took my first bite, my taste buds wanted more. Service was great. Only issue was the cheese and avocado sliding off my burger. Next time I will get some of the mini burgers that I saw circulating across the place.
5	So I walked around the idea of having a burger for the new year. So I walked into Le Burger Brasserie in Paris.  First thing I started with was the cheeseburger Mac and cheese bites, oh dear god are they good and the dipping sauce was on point.  So guess what I didn't get the burger I ordered dry rub chicken sandwich cuz they Mac bites were so good I didn't want to ruin it. First bite in the chicken was delish I'm glad I ordered it because it was spicy and juicy and just what I wanted. I am hooked I will be returning soon to try one of those burgers.
1	In the 8 months that have passed since we've eaten here, then menu has changed for the worse, the prices have gone up, the portions have shrunk, and the service has tanked. Sad, because this was a much better place before the "improvements." We won't be back, as there are better options available for this type of food.
4	The restaurant is technically in the Paris casino, but you have to walk all the way to Bally's through their shops (so if you are entering Paris from Bally's, look for it on the right as you enter).Went on New Years Eve.  Many restaurants were swamped, it was pretty empty.  Sat at the bar, only one other couple there.  Good selection of beers on draft.  Ordered a Lamb Burger, very good burger.  Didn't see the review for waffle fries, but the regular fries were very good.  Not sure the seasoning they use, but definitely has some unique flavor.  A couple of big screen TVs at the bar, so can go in and watch a game, but otherwise not really a sports pub...more of a casual dining experience.Service was a bit slow, but otherwise I'd go back.
