4	This Comfort Inn is very convenient and clean. It's proximity to nearby restaurants is a plus. Right off Interstate-17. Parking is ample. Free WI-FI... 1 good size heated pool and a spa too. Room is clean. And guess what.. they have a good hot breakfast. We enjoyed the heated pool more than anything else, my kids had a real fun after coming from a dusty and hot weather in grand canyon. Everything was worth it... Highly recommended...
3	We had stayed here 3 years ago; it was under the name " Comfort Inn" got a new name new management. Location is great near freeways, restaurants and Wal-Mart.There is swimming poll and Jacuzzi too. Hot breakfast which is OK, they run out of food very often, there is one lady who serve there but we had to remind her we run out of food like milk, bagels etc...Our Internet connection was terrible we even sat outside; it did not help it  it was so slow that we had used the computer they had in the lobby, which was faster but only  to check messages and get directions.There was coffee in the lobby all the time, which is really nice.The only one thing that really bather me was that the room was too dark even when we had turned all the light on it was still dark.The staff was very friendly. It's great for family with kids.
1	Very misleading, advertising $49.00 and then changed the price.  The staff wasn't accomadating, the place was dirty and no security that we saw.  Our patio door (on second floor) was unlocked when we arrived. This place is worse than a Motel 6 with the price of a 139.00, so I wouldn't say it was affordable to the average person.  There was no clock, no blow dryer, no TV remote for either TV, no iron but an ironing board (they said people steal them) but for 140.00 they could buy more?  You could throw a cat out around the door.  This was a suite? but where a sofa should have been they had put in 2 double beds and as a result you tripped over the bed everytime you went from room to room.  The bedskirt was way to big for the bed under which I found the attachment for a inflatable mattress and other paper.  The bath towel made a good loofa!  The blankets were really thin.  Never again!!  Our Tom Tom said it was a Comfort Inn but obviously not any more.  The WiFi was spotty.  I found the front staff not that helpful.  If we had known what it was, we wouldn't have stayed... but it was 11:30 and we were tired.  AVOID IF YOU CAN POSSIBLY DO IT, There is a whole bunch of other hotels just down the street.
1	I guess they say: You get What you pay for! When i made the reservation online, i requested a NON-Smoking room as i do not smoke. We got to the hotel and was given our keys and off we went. I opened the door and was slammed in the face with SMOKE SMELL!!!!! Really bad and strong. I went back to the desk and told the girl that i had requested a smoke free room and that this was indeed not one. She told me *That is a smoke free room*. Really? when? 10 years ago? I was then given another room, which was indeed a smoke free room. Clean and smelled good. BUT... The bathtub water ran, the phone did not work and had much trouble trying to get the free internet to work. I called the desk from my cell and told them about the tub and phone not working and they told me that they would send somebody up to look at it. We left for the day and upon our return to the room was a very strong stench of Chinese food in the room. UNBELIEVABLE! Did they come in and have dinner while trying to fix the still dripping tub and non-working phone? OMG! So off to bed after a cool-ish Non-hot-water shower. Then shortly after turning in for the night, *Leroy* (i know this because his *Woman* that he was yelling at (Yolonda) was yelling right back at him ALL NIGHT LONG, and so was their little yapping doggie! Oh and we cannot forget the screaming children and baby! Since the phone did not work, i tried calling the hotel from my cell only to get a recorded message. So, no sleep, no hot water, and the stench of now Chinese food filled room, my stay was horrific to say the least. They could have told me when i made the reservation that they also have long term visitors and possibly rent rooms out by the hour by the clientele that seemed to be hanging about. Trust me when i say: Pay a few extra bucks and stay at a better place than this, PLEASE!!!!
1	This hotel was a tragic mistake.My boyfriend and I went to Phoenix with his dad for a wedding, and  waited a little longer than we should have to book a hotel room. A few days before we left we found this hotel on hotels.com and from the pictures and the general consensus of the reviews, we figured that it would be a clean place to sleep. We didn't need much, because we figured we wouldn't be spending a majority of our time in our room so clean sounded good enough...If only that was what we had gotten.We go to check in, and the guy at the desk was helpful enough. He found our reservation quickly, then gave us our keys and instructions to get to the room. As we walked past other rooms on the way to ours, a group of people were standing outside on the walk way complaining about how long it was taking maintenance to get there to look at the black mold in their shower. From what I heard, it took about 20 minutes for maintenance to show up and then another 20 before they got a new room. When we walked in to our room, there were some problems. The beds were by no means clean- one had a pretty decently sized white stain and the other had multiple burn holes. The shower smelled like a septic tank and also dripped nonstop. The TV was balanced precariously on the edge of the dresser  that was too small to hold it and had no sort of restraint holding it back. Finally, after being in the room for about a minute and a half, the light fixture fell off the ceiling and nearly hit my boyfriend and his dad in the head. At this point we marched downstairs and asked for maintenance to come look at our room, as well as to have it cleaned. Nobody every showed up to clean the room, or even to change the bed, and when maintenance came up they had left the light fixture on the desk downstairs. He came back up with one other guy, and they stood on the ladder looking at the stripped bolt for about 5 minutes before they just tried to screw it back in and left, saying "last time it fell, it hit me in the head and broke." Needless to say none of us stood anywhere near the light for the rest of the time we were in the room.My boyfriend's dad went to the pool for a few minutes while I called around to try to find another hotel, and he refused to go much past knee-deep into the water. It was impossible to see the bottom because the water was so cloudy, and it was also about 65 degrees in the pool.I gave up before I actually found another hotel, so we checked out and figured that it would be better to sleep in my car than in this hotel. When we checked out, the guy at the counter couldn't access anything to give us a refund, but I suppose that's understandable- he at least gave me a direct number to call to get it. He was probably the only employee who was even somewhat helpful for the hellish hour that we spent on the premises.
1	DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO ANYONE. Stayed there for 2 nights and it was the worst two nights of my life. When we got there the man at the front desk was very rude and was on a personal phone call while he was helping me.  When I asked for directions to my room he said "its somewhere on the second floor somewhere." The room was actually nice but the beds were very small. Lucky we were only one to a bed.  The first night we witnessed people stealing from cars and people fighting in the parking lot. When we called the front desk they did not seem to think this was a problem. We called the police but by the time they got the the car thief's were gone. The second day when we were walking to the car there were broken pipes and needles all over the parking lot. (no exaggeration ). The second night was even worse.  There was a domestic violence fight in the back, more car thieves, the room above us the people were jumping on the floor so much we though the ceiling was going to cave in and the front desk, once again, was no help at all. The area around the hotel is very nice its just the hotel itself that is a mess. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone no matter what the price is.
2	I just don't know what to say- except Tony needs a firmer grasp of the American language.I have no idea why my reservation on the phone just now was so difficult- Tony over & over again kept saying (for example) "I need a credit card on file to book the reservation", whereas I would ask him if their company already had one  "on file" for my fiance, vs. using one to book the reservation. He kept rudely bombarding me w/other info and not active listening showed he just wasn't all together in the head. He even claimed to be the manager- but, he didn't have a firm grip on the language- how could anyone who wasn't paying attention be a manager?!!My point being is not a firm understanding of their policies.. (we've been going there for years now...) - it's that he needs to develop his people skills- and learn active listening, and to stay w/the flow of conversation instead of parroting policy. He truly wasted both of our times, just from the fact that he wasn't paying attention.As to the standards of this place- for it's rates- you get what you pay for. They only do the basic for upkeep- and sometimes the non-smoking rooms, people smoke in.They employees only do the basics when it comes to actually using their computer system- and anything out of the ordinary will be difficult for them. I'm pretty sure, that some of them get a kick out of doing less than appropriate helping.If someone can turn me on to another hotel/motel near that has the same rates, I'm game... http://www.avictoryhotels.com/phoenix.htm
2	A friend and I were traveling and wanted out first stopping point to be in Phoenix. We booked this place online. We had trouble checking into our room becaus we used her dads card (with his knowledge) and since he wasnt.there we had issues, but that was just the front desk guy doing his job. The only issue that bothered us was we were trying to figure this out and there was a drunk guy that wouldnt stop talking to all of us. The front desk guy knew we.were uncomfortable and was very discreet on all of our info. he even called and apologized, told us if we needed anything to call and there will be someone up there to answer. The room was decently cleaned and none of that bothered us. The bathroom got hot and stuff with.the light on and door closed and the sink knob was loose. Becausr we just used this room to shower, sleep, and eat a free breakfast the price was great. it is also located RIGHT next to walmart and a gas station. I recommend for a short cheap stay.
1	The place was ok I guess but the staff was super rude. We were running late and ran down to breakfast as we were checking out. This guy came and yelled at us saying breakfast ended at 9....it was 9:05.... And all we wanted was cereal. Did I mention the room was still packed with people eating?
1	By far the biggest piece of crap hotel EVER!!! The service is SLOW, the breakfast is TERRIBLE, and their unheated "pool" is located in the middle of the damn parking lot. Not only that but apparently they have a little bee problem. My second day at the hotel consisted of screaming like a 3 year old running away from the massive stingers. One other guest wasn't as lucky as I met him in the lobby where he was trying to dislodge a bee from his hair and asking if I could see the massive sting he received on his face... (uh, yeah!)Don't expect any room service either!
1	My family and I stayed here in March 2014, unfortunately I waited last minute to book a hotel for an event we were attending and this was our only choice. It was way over priced for the condition of the room and area. The carpet was filthy,  the comforter had cigarette burns in it, and I felt unconfortable and unsafe the whole time we were there.  When we arrived it appeared someone was moving out, at first we thought we were at the wrong place because this place looks like a rundown apartment building. And yes these people lived there because they moved a whole uhaul truck out and did it all night long. The place is full of druggies as well,  we found some guy looking in every car window checking for unlocked doors and when my husband confronted him he said he was just looking for a cigarette,  then told my husband to have a nice day, ha. This guy was so high and hung around the hotel all day. The guyat the front was nice and helpful, but that would be the only good thing about this place.  Definitely don't stay here especially with children.
1	Too bad there is no way to give negative stars. This the worst hotel I have been at in 30 years.The good: Our room was clean and had a comfortable bed.The bad: Everything else. Our problems started at check in when one of the two rooms we had reserved weeks in advanced was not ready. "Come back at five oclok" they said. The elevator was next. It was dirty with missing floor tile, indicator lights out and wires dangling from the ceiling from a fan that did't work.Our room was as poorly maintained as the elevator. Running tub faucet, electrical receptacles with out covers, receptacles so lose, I was not able to plug in my phone in as they retreated into the box. I had to pull out the bed to find the only receptacle I could use.  No clock radio as advertised. The AC/Heater sounds like a car starting up when it turned on.The sink had no drain plug. One of the light bulbs above the sink was out.The smoke detector was dangling from the ceiling by the wires.The bed had not been made by housekeeping on the second mourning.We had to call for extra towels for our room since the had only provided one bath towel. The next day housekeeping took the extra towels and left us without hand towels and wash cloths.The free breakfast was designed so the guests would not use it. They supplied coffee, milk, fruit punch and imitation OJ. Make your own waffles, cereal and bread for toasting. One of the toasters was missing its handle.We couldn't get in to the room on the second night. They changed the lock so our key card wouldn't work. I guess they figured no one would want to stay another night here. We stayed because we had prepaid, and the hotels no refund policy. They would probably loos all there guests the next day if they gave refunds.
