4	My girl friend and I didn't know what to expect when we stopped to eat here. You can expect to have a well-prepared meal well worth the price of a good meal apparently cooked to order. We chose a half chicken with garlic herbs and a mango glaze. The soup was cheesy brocolli with ham. It was loaded with ham chunks. Our main course came on deceptively small plates filled with the chicken, asparagus spears, and potatoes. Neither of us could finish more than half the meal.As we waited, various wait staff kept stopping by to see if we needed anything.The atmosphere is nice with pleasant light jazz in the background. Yes, one can see the grocery store but we didn't find it obvious or distracting. All in all for a nicer meal, the price was well worth it. We will be back.
3	Went for the brunch buffet on Sunday. Won't be back anytime soon.Waited about an hour for a table of five, and constantly had to remind the staff that we were waiting, despite having a buzzer. The service was poor - after being seated, had to flag multiple people down to get silverware and drinks. Buffet style, but nothing really stood out. Bacon was cooked well and it was nice you could sample anything out in the store food area.If you want brunch, head for The Great Dane at Hilldale or even Granite City at West Towne Mall.:::::Update To Three Stars:::::I went to the happy hour with some friends and had a much better experience. The waiter was great and kept my Diet Coke all night. The half-priced shrimp thing I had was good (although I think a bit overpriced if at full price). I'd head back again for happy hour, but probably will find other places for brunch buffet.
5	The bar is amazing!!!!  Happy hour has draft beer discounts and half price appetizers. The bartenders are friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is relaxing and a great place to hang out with friends. And if you're hungry for a full meal, they have a thorough menu that I've always found something tasty to satisfy.Been to the brunch once... make sure to call ahead for a reservation. The food was ok, nothing special, but the selection was incredible. You have access to a ton of normal breakfast hot buffet items, but also the whole normal hot food line in the store. If you like buffets with options, you definitely want to try this one out!
5	I really like the brunch here, and we've been a couple times. The space is separated from the rest of the grocery store, so you feel like you're in a completely different restaurant.The service is excellent and attentive, and they even take reservations.Buffet is $14.95/person and includes not just the special buffet items, but also the salad bar and most of the hot deli items that make up the typical buffet.There is a nice, build your own, Bloody Mary bar and there are mimosas with freshly squeezed orange juice. These are $5 each or $9 unlimited. Great prices!!Omelette station is excellent with many ingredient choices to build your own, or you can have the station chef build you a suggested omelette.Along with the typical eggs, bacon, sausage, etc, today there was an excellent Chef's Choice item, which was polenta with grilled vegetables and marinara sauce. They have an outstanding mac-n-cheese and several different ways they do potatoes. There's also a prime rib cutting station.I especially like the steamed shrimp, crab cakes and blackened salmon station. Really good!!Bottom line, the food is excellent and the price cannot be beat. They take reservations, which is a good idea, as it is quite busy.
