4	I love this place, best Indian food in the West Island. Since its a a small mom and pop operation service can be a little slow. But its definitely worth the wait. Everything from their tandoori's to their Korma's is fantastic. I highly recommend the Bombay Bhel, its full of flavor a spices and it is sure to please.
5	Best Indian food in Montreal, not just the West Island. Everything is seriously delicious, and it's all homemade, even the yogurt. It's far, and in a weird place, but really worth it.
4	This is a great little family run indian restaurant.  The food was very good, I had a chicken vindaloo dinner combo for $11.95.  It was the best value meal I had this visit to Montreal.
4	Delicious food and pleasant staff in a small usually quite busy place.   Best dosa!!!  Great for veg and meat eater.
5	This is the best Indian food ever!  The butter Chicken, naan bread and appetizers are amazing.This is one of the restaurants that I miss the most in Montreal since moving to Florida.
5	This is the best Indian food ever!  The butter Chicken, naan bread and appetizers are amazing.This is one of the restaurants that I miss the most in Montreal since moving to Florida.
5	Only 4 reviews so far?? C'mon Montreal, get with it!! You're either not using Yelp or you're averse to tiny suburban corner malls. I've been living in Vancouver the past 20 years & have had many chances to hit local Indian restos as the South Asian community is massive in the Lower Mainland.All I can say is, Vikram Vij would breath a sigh of relief knowing that you have to cross 3 time zones in order to taste the best authentic Indian food outside of the subcontinent!Combo plates came up quickly and nice & toasty, from there it was a blur as I could not eat slow enough. Damn, I've got 5 days left here & I don't if I can get through the whole menu in that time!!
5	Best Indian in Montreal!! I now live in FL and I make sure to visit them every time Im in town!have the butter Chicken, the Chicken vendelu...this appetizer with chick peas..always forget the name... only problem is that its small...and can take long for the food if you come at a busy time.. but well worth the wait!
5	On holiday in Montreal, I searched for an Indian restaurant that served dosas and came up with the Bombay Choupati which was in slightly unfamiliar territory for me. After a few GPS misdirections, I finally found this gem and was overwhelmingly surprised! The mango lassi was creamy fruity and delicious.  The vegetarian lunch special plate that I ordered was excellent!  I am heading back next weekend for more more more!!! This is the best Indian restaurant outside of Mumbai (IMHO).
5	I came here with a friend based on his rave recommendation. Bombay Choupati didn't disappoint. Walking in, I noticed that the place was clean and well lit (a concern when it comes to Indian places.) The friendly waiter suggested a beer that would go well with my taste and meal (he nailed it). The food came in generous portions and was quickly scarfed down. My only regret is telling them for medium spice when I really wanted "burn-your-ass" Indian. On the bright side, it's an excuse to go back :)PROS:- Friendly & knowledgable staff- Tasty food- Generous portionsCONS:- They underestimate the spice tolerance of Canadians :)Will be going back. This is now my go-to place for satisfying my Indian itch
5	Some of the best Indian cuisine I've ever tasted. Bombay Choupati, is a little flavour bomb tucked away in the corner of a small strip mall, located at the end of Sources boulevard. The quality of the good is just so good, the spices are out of this world and are among the most traditional that I've ever tasted. I heard that they go back to India to restock themselves with more spices when they need to. Now you know that's gonna be some authentic stuff right there.Well some of my favourite choices include the papri chat, Thali's, curries and rotis just to name a few.If you live in the west or want to try some amazing Indian food, I would highly recommend that you come here.
5	Wow!  If you're looking for the best in Indian cuisine, this is the place to go. Great service. Not inexpensive but worth every cent. Go early because it fills quickly with their regulars. I always leave 20-30% gratuity so that they remember me (not really necessary but they earn it)!
5	This restaurant has among the friendliest and hardest working staff we have ever encountered. My glass of water was always filled quickly! Often before I could finish it.The food was fantastic. Hot and fresh from the kitchen. The portions were great. A little more than enough person, but not quite enough for two, but obviously, that depends on your appetite.The tables and cutlery were clean. I did not check the restroom. They accept Visa & MasterCard, but no American Express. There was plenty if parking in the lot outside.Overall, a wonderful experience. It was highly recommended by friends, and we'll recommend it ourselves now.
5	Best Indian food in Montreal and the nicest owners and wait staff.  You should try everything on the menu at least once... I have :)
5	Have eaten here 5 to 6 times a year for the last 10 or 12 years and I have never been disappointed. This is some of the best Indian food in Montreal. Rarely is Indian food prepared with such a fine touch...not heavy, over seasoned but rather light and fragrant. This small family run restaurant is all about the food and making you feel welcome. Expect to wait...but if you are in a rush, go to one of the many crappy buffets littered about town. The service is what one expects in a resto such as this....friendly and ordered. The kids love the mango lassy and I am found of the British and or Indian beer they have on tap. No samosas( thankfully) but a nan that is heavenly...try the pain puri or some of the other specialities...just ask.The vegetarian thali is excellent....and I am a huge carnivore! This has become a family favourite. One word of caution...they close a couple of times a year to go to India, usually around Christmas so it is worth calling ahead.
3	I came here for the wonderful Yelp reviews, and frankly I was disappointed.The food was much pricier for Indian cuisine, comparing to what I had elsewhere, and the quality is not really that marvellous. The curry was slightly watery, the portions were small, and the naan I got was 70% burnt on one side. The appetizer that was recommended by the waiter was really mediocre, and it was too sour (probably too much vinegar).I had the Lamb Curry Thali and I enjoyed the spiciness of the curry and the vegetarian dishes, that extra kick really boosted the flavour of the whole plate a lot better. The Tandoori Chicken was dry and burnt, although it tasted nicely.The service was great, the waiter was very polite and helpful. Food came out fast but the quality was subpar.Final verdict: it is definitely not the "best Indian restaurant in the whole Montreal," as claimed by some reviewers, seriously there are way better places on the northeastern part of the island. Maybe I went there on an off-night, but it was really not what I expected.
5	This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Montreal, and I've been to my fair share!Great food, great service.I love the fact that their food *isn't* drenched in oil, like most other Indian restos. Big peeve. But the folks at BChoupati have everything down pat.
5	Hands down the best Indian food in Montreal!!! Make the time to get out the West Island and eat there.  Home cooked by a young woman, with her brother helping to run things.  Love! It!
4	It should have been 5 stars but the one hour wait for our food cost them a star. You can tell this is a family business. Very small and feel at home type of place.Found it thx to yelp.The food was excellent and since we are spice seekers we asked everything spicy and boy was it ever. Even the Tandoori was spicy. My poor kids!!! But we polished everything including the 5 nan.I could see them looking at us threw the kitchen to see if we can handle the spice. And trust me WE CAN!!!! If anyone is looking for hot stuff these people have it.We plan to go back and probably next time it will be 5 stars.
4	Excellent lunch today. Ordered the butter chicken (because I'm a wuss) and it came back with just enough spice to not set my tongue on fire. Really tasty. (small con: would have loved a bit more.) The rice was fine and the side potato whatever-that-was was delicious. Naan bread was slightly too burnt on one side for my liking. Mango lassi was also excellent, and this glowing review was set in stone before I was served an extra small glass of the lassi after complimenting it. Nice touch. Despite all tables being used, we were not rushed out of the restaurant. Very appreciated.All in all, this is 4.5 stars. I am giving 4 despite only tiny negatives (small portion sizes and slightly burnt naan) but I could just as easily give this meal 5 stars. Ah well, room to improve. Thanks for lunch!
4	This place is a hidden gem close to the Montreal airport. I would give the place five stars if the kitchen door of the restaurant did not open into the restaurant. Besides that one remark all I have to say is good things about this place.I ordered paani puri and my husband ordered sev bataka puri for appetizers - both the things were absolutely yummy. We followed up with palak paneer, tandoori roti, veg pulao and raita --- again all the things were so tasty and palatable that they ended up reminding me of home ... true home style cooking. Very fresh!Definitely check this place out in case you are in Montreal, QC!!!
5	Superb - you must all visit! Very friendly and above all - authentic - great beer too :-)
