4	B of A...what can I say? Let's start with parking. Teeny, tiny, postage stamp sized lot. Sometimes there's a dude there helping folks get in and out. Sometimes not. I think I see him hanging in his Dodge K car with the A/C cranked listening to The Moody Blues. Who can blame him in this horrific heat. Actual bank is on first floor of high rise on Central. They just remodeled the lobby and frankly I don't see  much of a difference. Money would have been better spent on giving raises to underpaid employees or by putting some in my meager savings account. But four stars for the staff. Shout out to Daniel especially. He always takes care of me in the merchant line. I love when I get the stink eye from some unhappy office cubicle clone who's waiting in the peon, er um, I mean regular banking line, and I get immediate help in the merchant line. I know, it's a meaningless and shallow point in my day...what can I say? B of A? Bank of Agony? Bank of A Long Ass Wait? I say B of A...Bank of America! Hand on heart, standing tall....over and out yelpers!
2	I've had it with BofA and this branch in particular.  The parking lot is ridiculously small and presided over by a security guy who takes his job way too seriously ("No, really, I'm going to the bank!).  Once in you'll be greeted with the ubiquitous "how's it going?"  Well, it would be going a hell of a lot better if we could drop the drivel and process my deposit, thank you.  I've switched most of my accounts to Alliance Bank but still have a federal employee withholding account with the bank.  Having carelessly run out of company checks I went in the other day to request a counter check.  "I'm sorry, we don't do counter checks."  Really.  Is it that complicated?  It seems  they do just about everything else because every time I go I'm stuck behind a horde of people with tales of "the wire transfer was supposed to happen" or "there used to be a lot of money in this account."  Does anyone at BofA do banking anymore?  You know, deposits and withdrawals.  Absent of drama, please.I honestly believe BofA has made a strategic decision to be the bank for the masses.  That's fine but it no longer includes me.
4	I hate having to go into the bank to stand in line to do my banking. I am one of those always on the go, busy, busy, busy single moms with very little time to spare. And I don't like spending what little time I do have waiting at the bank. Thankfully there is this lovely branch right across the street from my building. No need to park. No need to come in during busy times. I come in mid morning and am helped right away. I mean five minutes in and out. Normally I would be disappointed but it's okay when we're talking about banks. ;) The staff is always super friendly and always complimentary. It's not like I am going to close my account if they didn't like my hair or earrings but its always nice to have a bit of conversation with the staff while my transactions are processing. Anyways, banking here has always been a joy. Thanks BofA. XOXO
