3	'Come here for dimsum' our vietnamese taxi driver said.  He also started to tell us about some of the strip joints on the way over and how some of the girls are just down right nasty at....wait...wrong review.  ok ok...so anyway, dimsum is decent here, though they speak some heavy ass engrish (engrish.com for those of you who are wondering).  War wonton soup is good here (a rot better at the cafe in the New Or-reans) and their beef-ho-fun with chinese brocco-ri is dericious.  Nice clean place, with a decent view of the last of the remaining forest of trees in Las Vegas.  um..take a cab, cause I get lost everytime I go here.
2	The mission is on...to find a decent dim sum restaurant in Vegas and Cathay House was first on my list.  Originating from San Francisco, finding a stellar dim sum restaurant in the desert will definitely be a challenge!  But I'm on it!Cathay House was voted best dim sum in the local papers and received other accolades as noted on its wall.  I had high expectations!  It was bustling on a Sunday afternoon and there was a 10-15 minute wait for a party of 2.  Once seated in the main dining room, ice water, tea, and forks arrived immediately.  (Forks?)  Okay, so there were chopsticks already on the table but I guess out here, they are used to people asking for forks.  There wasn't a huge variety of dim sum dishes to choose from, so that was already disappointing.  I did try the chicken feet in black bean sauce.  This dish lacked the full flavor that I'm used to.  The standard shrimp dumpling (har gow) and pork dumpling (shumai) were basic, if anything.  The salt and pepper shrimp had been sitting out too long after being stir-fried, not a good choice.  The beef rice noodle with a light soy sauce should be cut up to share a bit easier.  The crab claw puffs were average.I was anxious for the Shanghai dumplings, which they did not have.  Or the Shark Fin dumpling in soup with red vinegar and ginger slices to dip into.  Two of my favorites, and they were not available.  (And trust me, I did ask more than one employee for it.)Looking around for dessert, there were no egg custard tarts available or black sesame rolls.  I did see the sweet tofu, but that was about it.     There were a lot of dishes that weren't being ordered, in other words...they looked stale as they passed our table numerous of times.  When you see the same cart pass you when you first sit down, and realize that the same dishes are still not moving on it an hour later, the turnover of food is not happening here.I also think it's odd that they serve dim sum until 10 pm.  In my opinion, a true tea house restaurant should only serve dim sum during brunch hours.  That is the whole point of "drinking tea' aka yum cha or going for dim sum.  Overall, I don't plan on returning here unless I haven't found a better place yet.  My dining companion says this place WAS worthy of a three star in the past, but he had to change his review to a two now.  Sad sad.
2	about 10 odd years ago, when i was a newbie to the dim sum world.  i had heard about this place in las vegas.  yeah, it was a damn good food experience, b/c i was from reno where there was no chinese restaurant serving dim sum.  the place has received many awards over the course of the years.  it was such a nice restaurant in those days.  now the pink decor has gone to crap.  it just seems a lot dirtier now.  i have to say each time i go to this place the quality has been on a steady decline.  the basic steam items, such as siumai,har gow, and also the deep fried items...crab claw,  were not spectacular.  the salt-pepper fried shrimp have been sitting out a long time, so they were chewy more than crunchy.  i think i cut my inner lip chewing on the shrimp head.  i didnt see the mango pudding or egg tarts the last time.  im also sad that they didnt have my favorite shark fin dumpling soup item with red vinegar.  finally, a lot of the dishes have been sitting out for a long time.  i was just afraid to touch them.  i still cant believe that this place is so busy.  ive had to wait quite a while the last few times ive come here.  i definitely have to find a better place for dim sum.
2	The food here is okay...but the service here is horrible.I would not recommend this place at all!!
2	Growing up in high school, my friend Julia used to just rave about this place.  She swore the curry puffs were the best thing she'd ever put in her mouth.  She lived all the way across the city, though, so I never had the chance to sample it.  The last time she was in town, I went with her family.  I would have been less than impressed anyway, but it truly paled because I was expecting something spectacular both from her raves and the various awards it's received over the years.The curry puffs were OK, but nothing great.  The rest of the dishes seemed like something I could get at any Chinese restaurant without the price tag that Cathay House put on them.  The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.The food wasn't bad, but the value wasn't there.  Wish I could have tried it 10 years ago.
2	Dim sum was mediocre if that.  Xiu Long Bao was not very good, the soup inside was still thick and uncooked.  Siu Mai wasn't good, Har Gow was ok, I think my favorite was the black bean sauce spare ribs.  Service was horrible, our plates weren't taken away and we had to get up to order drinks.  Go somewhere else for dim sum.
2	Nothing remarkable about this place. The foot quality was good, but our food wasn't all that well prepared.  I ordered a spicy chicken dish, and I didn't taste much spice above and beyond the sweet and sour sauce with some dried red chilis.The service was good here, but we were one of 3 tables...
4	I came here for dim sum on a Sunday last month. Even for a restaurant of its size (not tiny), it was crowded (with locals or tourists, I couldn't tell - well, not without staring!), so do arrive early to secure a table. Unsure if they take reservations.Service was difficult to flag over for help, but when we did attract them, they were happy enough to oblige our random requests for more hot sauce, photos (!), and, of course, more food. Speaking of the food, their dim sum plates were tasty and totally worth it:- scallop dish was flavorful (first time I've had it too!)- black bean spare ribs were melt-in-your-mouth tender- love the blankets- dumplings were tasty and well-filled- chicken feet were goooood- tofu dessert (made in-house) was surprisingly goodNot sure about all the negative press for this place, but I had a delicious time at Cathay House. Recommended!
3	It was a zoo at lunch time and the line was seriously long. I went inside and asked to be put on the list. I saw that there were at least 20-30 names on the list with parties of 3 or 4, but I spoke Cantonese to the woman and asked her how long and she said about 10 minutes. I didn't think it would be possible since we had 4 people, but believe it or not, we were seated in less than 10 minutes. Now I'm not sure if it's because I spoke Chinese or what, but there were SO many people waiting before us that I felt a tinge of guilt that we were being seated -- only a tinged, but not too much. I didn't seem to have any problems flagging people down either because I just shouted what I wanted at them as they were passing our table. My problem was getting the items we wanted.Firstly, we were absolutely famished, so we got a few items such as the soy sauce flavored fried noodles, har gow, cha siu bao, tripe, tendon. Everything was just so-so. They also didn't have some of the items we were craving. I suggested that we just leave and perhaps go eat somewhere else later since we had filled our tummies some and weren't about to keel over in hunger.It was cheap as usual for dim sum, but then again, every dim sum place in Vegas has cheap dim sum and we've had better and we've had worse.
3	Ever had someone else order your food for you? Ever had the staff basically look past you at the table? Don't worry, I'm not griping, it was actually nice to sit back and have my food placed in front of me. And, when you're the token white guy among a table of five Chinese who can all speak to the Dim Sum ladies in their native, it's kinda useless to try and involve yourself. I think this was my second trip to Cathay House.  And, it has the basic Dim Sum fare and everything was pretty fresh.  I did start off on the wrong foot by burning the roof of my mouth on a crazy looking shrimp ball, which by the way I would avoid next time around. In addition to some good dim sum, the vegetables and singapore rice noodles were on point.
1	Before i used to believe 'Bad Dim Sum' was an old wives tale ment to scare children from the greasy steamed dishes of utter OMGWTFBBQPWNAGE-ness!!! Thank you Cathay House for industrializing dim sum and making it as chinese as taco bell is to mexican food.Lately in my review I've been doing a breakdown of everything from how the place looks to me to listing what i ordered and what i thought of it. I'd rather not for this review because it would force me to stop, lean over, and vomit uncontrollably. Gripes- They sat us in what i call the 'shit hole' section of the restaurant where small families, less then a few people and generally those who don't look like they're gonna spend a lot of money go to minimize chances of customers wasting their time and maximize profit. Guess where the white people sat- same cart, different pusher to give the illusion they were well stocked- you could taste how much effort they put into their food. i've had chicken mcnuggets that have had more effort put into them-oh look another cart that means they got more selection..DAMN IT those two just traded...DAMN YOU!!!!!ConclusionIf you feel like Dim Sum go somewhere elseIf you feel like eating what chinese people make to sell to foreigners by all means go here and order an Egg Foo Young and General Tso's Chicken and taste that authentic chinese goodness
3	the fiance and i enjoy our cathay house experiences everytime we go here - food is good, dim sum is cheap, and if seated in the right place, the service is pretty consistent -i haven't found the ultimate dim sum joint yet, so a 3 is fair, i gave jasmines seafood in san diego a 4 star - but the food here is only decent - friend wonton, crab balls, shrimp noodles, shumai all good. but i really like the singapore noodles (spicy curry rice noodles) and the chinese broccoli from the menu.its tucked away in vegas' version of little chinatown (spring mtn rd) - so you will be tempted by other chinese restaraunts in the area, some of which are our plan b's - so make sure you know where youre going.
2	i'm not a local of vegas city, but i've heard that cathay house has been sold to another owner and that they have reopened with a new management in place. because we aren't local, we decided to drop by a chinese restaurant near chinatown for some food. At first it was pleasant to know that the restaurant was well packed and that we need to wait for 30 mins. The 30 mins wait did in fact made our food  much more pleasant because anything at this point was considered good. the food was mediocre, also the dishes weren't anything special compared to food we have here in the Bay Area. I give this place 2 good stars for lack of service, lack of ingredients, and lack of goo taste. the pros were that the food came extremely fast after we ordered. but that was only because one of their main rooms were opened. The second time we went, it was packed in both rooms and food was extremely slow. the parking complex also sucked. it looked like some ghetto mall with tinted windows. at first i thought it looked like a illegal massage parlor.
1	Came here for dinner and the place is pretty dead. The food was nothing special...I've had tastier authentic Chinese cousine. Would not waste my money here again. There are better Chinese restaurant on the same street that you don't have too look far.
3	Food was ok. Didn't leave any strong impression. We went there when it wasn't so busy. We had an old male manager serving us. He left a great impression on us just because he was so friendly and took care everything.
4	3 1/2 Stars (rounded to 4).Char Siu Baau (*** 1/2) This was NOT the steamed, fluffy white bun, but the glazed, shiny, sugary golden brown crusty bun. Just not enough of the good stuff - the Barbecued Pork filling!Chinese Broccoli with Oyster Sauce (*****) Very fresh Chinese Broccoli, crunchy stalks with soft leaves. Very liberal with the Oyster Sauce... glad it wasn't straight-out-of-the-bottle Oyster Sauce... mild. Excellent.Chow Mein Plate (** 1/2) A very plain-jaine plate of Chow Mein.... desperately trying to qualify as a Dim Sum entree. Just didn't work.Crab Ball (*****) A baked Dim Sum in the midst of all the steamed Dim Sum. Baked Crab Ball covered by a crusty flaky Crab shell with a little pseudo Crab claw sticking from the top of the Dumpling. One of the best Dim Sum today.Crispy Skin Roast Pork (*** 1/2) A little dry. Skin will remind you of the Mexican dish,  Chicharrones.Eggplant Shu Mai (****) Eggplant with attachment of Shrimp - huge pieces of Chinese Eggplant, shiny silvery Green, with a ball of Shrimp attached to the center of the Eggplant. Unique.Fried Pot Stickers filled with Peas (****) Self-descriptive.Sesame Seed Ball (****) Sticky Sesame Seeds covering a Sweet Bean sticky chewy interior. Light, and Chewy!Shaomai (**** 1/2) Small Steamed Dumplings with Pork inside a thin yellowish, wheat flour wrapper. Ttopped off with Crab and Chinese Black Mushrooms. One of the Dim Sum entrees seemingly no restaurant can get wrong!Shrimp Dumpling (**** 1/2) A delicate steamed Dumpling with chopped-up Shrimp filling and a thin rice flour almost clear skin.Steamed Meatballs (****) Steamed Ground Beef shaped balls covered with a thin egg noodle skin.Taro Cake (***) Taro cake is a dish made from the vegetable Taro. Each plate comes with three squares... it is semi-crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. In Bay Area Dim Sum establishments, there is usually some kind of meat embedded in or on top of the Taro Cake. Unfortunately, none in this particular version.Pot of Hot Tea.Atmosphere is upscale Hong Kong. A glass partition separates the upper level guests from those sitting at the exterior windowed walls. Would swear I remember a similar type of partition at a restaurant in Hong Kong... Seemingly, everyone who exited Cathay House was driving either a Lexus or a Mercedes.My youngest son's and his fiancee's favorite Dim Sum establishment in Las Vegas.
2	I've been eating here since I was a kid on all my family trips to Vegas.The dim sum is still decent, but the entree dishes have gone down a bit. I would give this place 2.5 but I'm going to round down since overall I wasn't very satisfied.The pan fried noodles were NOT good at all...The dim sum is OK though, to be safe just stick with that. If you want to fix your dim sum craving and you don't want to drive far from the strip, this is the place to go. VERY close to the strip by car (5 min car ride w/o traffic)
3	This was the first dinner we had in LV. Looking at the other review, I think one might want to skip the dim sum. With a group of 11 coming around 5:30pm, we ordered the lobster, seasonal vegetable, tofu, chicken feet, fish, soup, and even a free dish of cold cut for having a large party. Not the best Chinese meal I've had but fairly good for LV standards. Worth the return visit.
3	This is a seriously late ass review. Better late and never, right? hahaI wanted dim sum the last time I was in Vegas and this was the place that I found on Yelp and that a couple friends (that live in LV) were familiar with.Granted that it's not the best dim sum restaurant out there, it's decent. Some of the dishes were really good but after a while if you keep saying "no" to the ladies and their carts, they will stop coming by (which of course was when I wanted something). So expect typical minimal Asian service but they do come when flagged down.The next time I'm there and craving dim sum... I'm trying the other places. :P
3	after a long day of working at the trade show and gambling, my brother says, "just wait, were going to eat a very expensive dinner with my friends"the food wasn't expensive but the experience was very interesting.we get there around 9, not very packed, i felt like i was back in china. the decor, environment, even the waiters had a china feel to it. the lady that was part of our group who was ordering, she asked what don't we eat. not to be rude, i responded with "i eat everything" i will soon regret those 3 little words.one after another, intestines, stomach, liver, not even sure whats being displayed to me. what happen to the chow fun or sweet or spicy pork.  i tasted everything and hoped it didnt come out the same way in it came in.  we did enjoy a nice bottle of opus one with our meal.the food was good, but nothing special about it.  tasted like traditional chinese cuisine.
3	This is one of the good dimsum places in Las Vegas.
3	This establishment has been here since the late 1980's and used to have one of the best views of the Las Vegas Strip. I only come to this place for dim sum. Their dim sum is decent and priced well. As long as you do not overload with seafood and special dishes your bill should not be that much.
2	Half-ass dim sum, theres better places in town. Service is poor, unless you were a rolex watch like most of the waitresses do!
4	The best dim sum I've found so far in Las Vegas - and the big crowds of local Chinese patrons attest to its popularity. Probably doesn't compare to the top places in San Francisco or L.A., but hey, it's Vegas. Lunch and dinner items from the Chinese menu are much better and more interesting than the Americanized dishes they peddle to the gweilo on the English menu - take a Cantonese-speaking friend along and you will have a better dining experience. Service is not too bad for a Chinese restaurant. About a ten minute drive from most Strip hotels, and worth it.  The Strip's Chinese restaurants are twice as expensive and half as good.
3	Maybe it was the heat or maybe it was the 5 straight hours drive because the dim sum didn't taste that great, which was strange because there were a lot of customers when we arrived.   There was not a lot of variety. We had to say no to a few carts coming by because it was the same food or the carts had nothing interesting on them. Food was okay, but some items were not hot enough. It was just warm and that made the mediocre food even worse.Service was okay. We had to keep asking where the carts were, but they did refilled our teapot when it was empty. Overall, okay place if you're desperate for some dim sum, but I don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon.
4	I love this place! I read some of the other reviews and I'm surprised at how bad they are. We started coming here when my aunt-in-law first visited us here in Vegas. Her husband is from China. They'd been to the restaurant many times before, usually with lots of family.Every time, I've been here, we were either the only "round-eyes" there, or there was one more table like us. That, to me, says authentic more than anything else, besides the dishes themselves.The service is good, although sometimes it's hard to understand the waitresses due to their accent. I'm willing to deal wit that. the food is great.The only reason for 4 stars, instead of 5: This time my friends an I had thought we had figured out our total to be around $25-30, but the bill was really $50. Mind you, we had 7 people eating (lunch).
5	this is the best chinese restaurant off the strip. if you want dimsum, or good ass cantonese food. this is the place to go. i am from LA, i kno good chinese food, and this place is as good as it gets in vegas. sometimes they have lobster for 8.88 a pound, which is really good. 4 pound minimum but it is soooooo worth it... everything at the restraunt is good and on point. lobster is a must and black bean steamed oyster is a must. much better than kj kitchen... and the prices here are much cheaper. THIS PLACE IS GOOD IF U WANT TO EAT ALL OUT... LIKE LOBSTER, BLACK PEPPER STEAK, OYSTER... PORK CHOP, VEGETABLE, ECT.
5	Best dim sum and authentic Chinese food ~ at one point my family and I called Cathay House "Sunday's Best" since we ate here two Sundays in a row.
3	Sooooo I was craving Dimsum the other day, and this restaurant pulls up. I tried another restaurant, which had been a pleasant experience however, I always like to try new places just in case it might get better. Few things I noticed about this restaurant in comparison to the one I went previously...1. less dimsum options2. Did I mention less options? lol Dimsum itself was okay, but they did sort of fail to meet my expectation in terms of variety, because in the end, I m craving dimsum mainly because I like to eat lot of different dishes in small portions. May go back but prefer the other joint ...which is further away from the main street.
4	I was a little hesitant to go cause of some of the negative reviews about service and mark ups but over all it was very good. We ate dinner there so I am not sure about the lunch fare. They have a pretty bad ass fish tank with lobsters and fish that the kids really liked so that was cool. Yes all the staff is Asian but most spoke pretty decent English. The only thing that pissed me off about this place was this little Asian chick that came up to our table and to all the other diners tables and asks for money for some poor Asian kids, she show you all these fliers so it is pretty annoying. Plus this bitch actually sat down with us in front of my wife and kid, I finally just told her to leave, I can't believe management puts up with that crap.  Overall the food was well worth the trip though.
3	me and my dawls had a girls day and came here for brunch..the wait wasn't too long.. being that it is dim sum, we gave ourselves  wait time because the rush for dim sum on a sunday we imagined would be crazy.. but it wasn't too bad. plus!  they serve dim sum till 3! it's a fairly big place.. probably how we could be seated so fast..a fair selection.. we wanted to venture and try other things but didn't know...or understand...what some things were.  so we just had the usuals..tastes good!service was good..when the server noticed that we were kinda just waiting around and looking for the carts, he went and got them to come to our table which is cool..i just recommend maybe adding little explanation cards..we would have been willing to try more if we knew what they were!language barriers are hard to break..  especially in a loud restaurant!
2	This is my second choice dim sum place, but my first choice dim sum place would have to close for me to come back to cathay house. Let's say I don't plan on coming back anytime soon. My usual experience was not that bad (since they sat us in the more busy room). This time, they sat us in the second room (where there were barely any people... and any service). The service was AWFUL!. I've never been treated so bad unitl this. When we sat down all the dim sum were passing us by without even asking us if we wanted anything... this is... if the cart even came to the room. It took like 10-15 mins just to get water!. I actually had to walk up to one of the cart people and ask for the dim sum. AND EVEN THEN... We only got like 4 selections! Then when we asked for soy sauce and lemons...  no one would give us any! I believe I asked three different people. Well, since we were there we decided to just eat, which was already cold by the time they decided to give it to us. After an hour or so of just awful service, we didn't even bother to ask for more food. We paid and decided to not come back. I will say this... i am giving 2 stars because if you sit in the more busy room... you should be ok and get that a-typical rude chinatown food place service (which might put it in a three star range). And honestly, I have had better. I realized that Cathay house does not truly offer a wide variety of items for Dim Sum
2	Went here on my vacay to Vegas with some friends who are locals.  They recommended this palce for Dim Sum, and let's just say I was not impressed. I guess for the desert, there must not be much variety in Dum Sum, because it was a pretty standard affair.  They definetly lack variety, as when I was there, there was only the standard shu mai, ha cau, and pork buns.  I didn't see the bell pepper shrimps, fried taro, or any other favorites.  I'm reading on other people's yelp reviews that there were chicken feet, but I guess they weren't serving it on my visit.The service was pretty bad too.  We had to ask the waiter 3 times for a pan fried noodle order that my friend made when we sat down.  The place wasn't even that busy, but they seemed to take their time getting ordered food out.  Definetly not the best dim sum place I've been to.  I guess coming from the Bay Area, I'm spoiled with better asian food.
1	Absolutely HORRIBLE!The worst Dim Sum I have ever had
2	i used to love going to this place w/ my friends and the waiters even knew us...their dim sum was really good and their shrimp balls are to die for...unfortunately, the place is now owned by new owner and i don't know if it's just me or what...after it's new management, their portion size grew smaller!!! the shrimp balls became smaller and dryer...wtf...what a disappointment.and other than the two servers i know who are friendly, the rest just of the staff just looks unfriendly and they seem to be only nicer to chinese customers...whatever though, it's the same thing i see in other chinese restaurants
1	The wait was almost as bad at the food, I felt so cheated after waiting to be seated just to eat this well below standard dim sum.
5	Cathay House is a great place for dinner, "Lobster at its best". Cathay House has Lobster special,  that is amazing on every night.  Its probably the best tasting and best priced Lobster in Vegas, I put it up against any fancy Restaurants on the strip. Try the lobster with green onion and ginger sauce!!*English FriendlyNever been for dim sum..
2	Came for late night eats twice.First time not bad food and price for what we got. Late night dimsum...kinda cool...it was alright for a night snack, but not the best dimsum I've had. Slow service a bit....I dont mind waving down the waiter, but a few times I couldnt quite figure out where we went so I can ask for a refill. 2nd time though kinda irritated me. We got these combos that is an entree and it comes with an appetizer of eggroll and ribs I think...they come out with this platter of a lot of appetizers...I thought maybe they're giving us extra because it's late night? It's not the first place to do that, but then again rarely does an Chinese place give extras. No, apparently it was a appetizer platter that we did not order and still got charged for because we did eat it all. I now know not to eat anything that looks "extra" to what we got or it might be a sneak in for an extra $13.
5	theres a gripload of chinese people in the sf bay area.because of that.. i have a good feel as to what goodchinese food is. the food at cathay house is up to parwith the food out here. it shocks me on how low of arating this place has, but then again, all of the reviewsthat are bad seem to always have a complaint on dimsum. i didnt have any dim sum here. so my review isstrictly the dinner menu. the food is perfectly cooked.we ordered a 5lb lobster & had it sauteed with ginger& scallion. we ordered soup as well but i forgot whatkind but they served a hefty bowl for everyone at thetable. we got the yang zhou fried rice little shady butstill very good. & last but definately not least.. we gotthe STRAWBERRY CHICKEN. yes i said it, strawberry.its definately like lemon or orange chicken just thesauce is obviously strawberry. & to our table's surpriseit was HELLA good. the service there isnt slow but isntvery quick either. the waiters we're very attentive. theprices are good. seriously, whats wrong with the place?
3	I love me sum Dim sum! Haha, but seriously, all my Yelp followers know that I'm a big fan of Ping Pang Pong.  It's my Tuesday tradition, however, I tried for Monday this week and it was PACKED!  So, after reading a few Yelp reviews and the most recent thread on Dim Sum I set off for Chang's.  Upon approaching the entrance I noticed how empty the parking lot was.  As I got to the door I noticed  a small sign from the Nevada Health District stating Chang's had been closed down due to health violations :(.  With my heart set on Dim Sum I took a friend recommendation of Cathay House.Cathay House was busy, but managed to seat my party quickly.  The atmosphere was reminiscent of Ping Pang (minus slot machine noise).  The tea brought to the table wasn't to my liking.  The carts came buzzing by and we quickly grabbed:Ha Gau (Shrimp Dumplings)Crab ClawsFried Shrimp BallFried whole ShrimpBaked Pork over PeanutsI have to say that everything was good; highlights being the Crab Claws and Fried shrimp.  The Fried shrimp were almost twice as big as Ping Pang and the Crab Claws were bursting with flavor.  Overall, I still like Ping Pang more for the variety and overall quality.  If your on Spring Mountain and you have a taste for Dim Sum, give Cathay House a try.
4	Went here for dim sum and loved everything except the chicken legs, which I didn't try. Based on dim sum alone, this place is 5 stars but the place was too noisy my  girlfriends and I could barely hear each other... and it wasn't even their peak hours!
2	I had already eaten lunch, but sampled a few dim sum dishes here - and none were good.Sticky fried rice with shrimp: horrible! It tasted a week old and the shrimp was off too. Coconut yellow custard bun: average. Not very soft. I'm noticing a trend of old, unfresh products.Roasted duck over peanuts - nobody ate it.Shrimp chow fun - average, I've had better.They also ran out of different desserts too. Skip this dim sum spot there are plenty better on Sprint Mtn and Chinatown. Unless you like week old tasting food....
5	The only reason I come to vegas! Best dim sum I've had outside of san fran, much better than what we have in OC. Not sure how its garnered such poor reviews from people here. Had the dim sum for lunch and going back tonight for a wedding. Yum.
3	Cathay is A-Ok. Good food, good prices and good for groups. Its not a fancy place to eat but the food is always good. They give you tea which is so refreshing to start your meal. Depending on how busy they are really seems to correlate with the service you get. We have been there with great service and then other times I think they forgot we were even there.It can get really busy there so make sure to go early. The weekends are the busiest but if you go before 11 you should be able to get seated pretty quick.All in all- a solid place for decent, well priced dim sum!
3	This place is alright. I didn't enjoy the food much but the rest of the group liked it. The waiters were kind and the food arrived quickly. The good thing about this place is that it's open late. We came after 1am and there was a fair amount of people in here. I guess it's a popular late-night spot.
3	Service was bad but the food was great.  I thought they were closed when I arrived but by the time I left there was a wait to be seated.
2	This is one of the worst dim-sum spots I've ever been too. I remember coming here over a decade ago and it ruined our stay weekend in Vegas cause my whole family and I were bathroom-ridden for the rest of the day, bound by the aches of our tummies denying to effectively digest the stuff.A decade later, I opted to give it one more chance. After all, if they're around after all this time and still standing, why not? Plus, my niece  couldn't get through a casino (I like Ping-Pang-Pong's dimsum), and my brother wanted dimsum soooo Round 2. We made it happen. This place did NOT make it happen. Shoulda took the hint when the only people who were chinese were the staff. Everything was too salty, tasted too old, or wasn't steaming. I don't want to get into it... Cause it gets gross from here, but I'll say that those 2-stars go out to the convenience and speed of the place... Because it's pretty empty.
3	This place has become a must go spot for me whenever we visit Vegas.  They generally have very good dinner service, but dim sum is somewhat lacking behind when compared to other places nearby (although still better than those places down in Chinatown).  The ambience is like any other Chinese restaurants, table placements can be too close depends on where you sit, but it's generally clean.  The service has been decent to average.Dim sum in the morning is ok, not good, but still not bad overall compared to Chinatown.  I would rate it somewhere in the middle.  Dinner is the best part of this place, they have a great selection of live seafood and often time there are special deals going for live seafood.  I especially like their fresh live shrimps and lobsters.Overall this place is a must-go for Chinese seafood dishes during dinner time, but for dim-sum in the morning is definitely a secondary choice.
4	Our hiking group stopped here for dim sum to celebrate the Mid-Autumn Festival a bit early.  There were seven of us, and we were seated at a large table by the large glass windows.Service was excellent.  Since one of the group is a native Taiwanese, she does the selecting and ordering.  We had an array of food - shrimp dumplings, duck on peanuts, a noodle dish, meatballs, excellent fried shrimp, a tasty vegetable dish, pork buns, and some excellent sesame balls with different fillings.We have made it a tradition to come here twice a year (at least) to have this lunch, and we have always been pleased.  I look forward to it each time.PS:  I think there was a fellow Yelper at the restaurant.  IF you read this review, I apologize for my uncertainty and not recognizing you.
3	Dim sum ends at 3pm so note that. Came with my mom and ordered the usual dim sum dishes (chicken feet, shrimp balls, shumai, etc.) Service was fast, but the food was EXTRA greasy (as in, more greasy than typical dim sum food). Beyond the limits of typical Chinese food greasiness.My mom also ordered some fried squid dish that I've had before at other places but I'm pretty certain it was NEVER AS SALTY AS THIS PLACE'S. WHAT IS UP WITH THE SALTINESS LEVEL OF THAT SQUID, YO? I walked out dizzy from high blood pressure.It's cheap though so I give them points for that. However, I'm from LA and the verdict here is that I've had better. Way better.
5	A hidden jewel in the desert. I only go to Cathay House at ridiculous hours of the night... They are open until 5am. The dim dum is incredible and two people can walk in spend 30 dollars, leave full and with two meals of leftovers. The fried rice is the best fried rice I've ever had. I'm almost positive that they use MSG, and for anyone that is a true fan of GOOD CHINESE FOOD, they know that MSG = Makes Stuff Good. Everytime I go to Vegas, I will alway find my way over to Cathay House.
4	Most of the clientele are Chinese/Asian.  They had everything I could want in a dim sum place and the quality was very good.  I would definitely go back. Plenty of parking in their lot and plenty of tables in the restaurant.  There was no waiting.
4	Best dim sum in Las Vegas?  Quite possibly.Before I continue, note, I'm not being racist.  I'm Asian so I feel I can take some liberties when making "generalizations".You know you are in for a great, authentic experience as soon as you walk in and only see Asians in the restaurant of which more than half don't speak English.My bud and I, being Asian and both looking Chinese, were warmly welcomed in Cantonese; seated at our table, and never heard a word of English spoken to us for the rest of the meal.  Its OK.  We just pointed at what we wanted to eat from the many dim sum carts.Service is VERY fast.  Don't let the servers rush you as they try to sell you everything in their cart else you will end up with food for 10 when there are only two of you.Everything is very fresh.  Common mainstays such as their shrimp dumplings are austere and perfectly prepared the way they should be.  More exotic dishes such as the chicken feet and tripe are excellent.As other yelpers have mentioned, the food is quite aggressively seasoned.  Its all good if you drink pot after pot of tea.  You really have no choice since the servers seem to watch you like a hawk and change your teapot out after just a few pours.If you want a very authentic experience and a great meal, this is the place!
3	Not a big fan of their dim-sum service anymore. Definately not as good as it used to be. Especially after the last couple times they've changed management. We don't usually come here for dim sum anymore. I like going for their late night food. It's cheap and pretty good.
3	Hmmm, I've been to the Cathay House 2 times in the last 3 months and one time, it was great, the other time, it was barely good.  I hope that doesn't mean you have to go with a Chinese friend for it to be great! lol  They kinda embarrassed me because I took a friend who I'd been telling how great the dim sum was.  I'll still give it 3 stars but if I go next time and the dumplings are not great, I probably won't go back... even though I love their steamed Chinese Broccoli!Might see ya there.
4	This place had good dim sum. The staff was actually really nice to us (being that we aren't chinese). I like walking in to see only Asians dining here which means it has to be good. Not dirty. The price was great! A typical Dim Sum place for sure....YUM
3	We went here about a month ago for brunch/dim sum. I had only had dim sum once before, and my wife had never had it. So we weren't too sure what to expect. We tried about 8 different items and they were all pretty good. The shrimp balls and shumai were our favorite. While we enjoyed our meal, we were disappointed to see the B health dept. rating as we were leaving.
5	This place is AMAZING!I'm suprised that there are so many bad reviews.If you go there at dinner you get a giant bowl of complimentary soup. (Tastes great. :))Plus, you also get complimentary dessert. :) ( For example, yummy, warm red bean soup. )If you go there, order the braised sea bass w/ tofu hot pot. It's heaven in a hot pot. :) ($15.95)Trust me, you won't regret going here. It's a must-go when you're in Las Vegas. Dim sum is great too; what's up with all the bad reviews?Finally, most of the stuff here is cheap when you compare it with stuff at Vegas. Depending on what you order, it can be from $8-16. If you order things like abalone, crab, flounder, sea cucumber, or Peking duck, it can be pretty expensive.
5	How come people only give 3 stars to this place?THEIR FOOD TASTES GREAT!!!!!!we ate so much and we only pay $15 per person!the hakau is realllllly good, the skin is perfect!!!i love their leek pork and shrimp dumpling, it's sooooo good.the lomakai has shrimp and lapchiong inside, which is not what you find at other places.the fried bread is sooo crispy and not too thick!
5	If you were born and raised in Vegas and have never been to Cathay House, you seriously need to slap yourself in the face and get a grip.EVERYONE has come here for dim sum at some point in their life. It's so busy. Dim sum is dim sum to me, so I think the food doesn't taste bad. But doesn't taste orgasmic either. Either way, why are you not at Cathay House right now?
4	I only get to have dim sum with my daughter since the mister doesn't like it...so since my daughter now lives in Cali, I only get to have dim sum when she visits or when I have family in town.My first choice is Chang's but if I have to be on Spring Mountain to shop then Cathay House is my next choice.   The dim sum here is good, better than some of the other places in Vegas but I grew up in SF so its too hard to compare as I've had some of the best back home...Get there early as after a certain time, there is only limited things you can get since they stop making dim sum by afternoon.
2	I have been going to cathay house whenever i feel the need for dim sum. Of course there are a few places off the strip for really good dim sum. I try to spicen up, by going to different various locations. However, this restaurant has been not that great twice. The dim sum has no flavor at all, and if they don't sell the dim sum they go back to the bar where the microwave is and heat it up. they deserve a two star at least, because the waiters and bus boy actually give a better service than the dim sum ladies. They are vey attentive with changing the plates, refilling the hot water in the tea. Off the dim sum, we tried their beef chow fun. There was little flavor, but just something that we could not pinpoint.. I am very picky into how food tastes and i wasn't get anything from cathay house. If you want to try some honest to good dim sum, check out changs hong kong dim sum. The flavors and taste are not that bad.
1	I frequent 2 other dim sum restaurants in Las Vegas and decided to give Cathay House a try yesterday because they had zagat stickers on their door. The food was absolutely horrible overall. I was with 4 other people and no one had a good experience. A lot of the dishes were cold and some looked and tasted like they were reheated leftovers from another day. The egg custard tasted like old frying oil was used to make it and completely unedible. When we told the manager how bad the egg custard was, he didn't even apologize. He even acted annoyed that we said anything. I would NEVER go back there again. Orchid Garden and Chang's have much better food and service.
3	My son and I went to Cathay House with some friends because for us adults, we wanted some Dim Sum. I am only giving three stars because one is for clean appearance, 2nd star is for good customer service - we were greeted right away and seated right away as well. The third star was for decent. I got my chicken feet, fried sticky rice, shrimp, and much much more plus desserts.
4	It is always a blur of frantic Chinese being thrown out, ninja fast finger pointing, and hopes of not regretting the shear volume of food on the table as the first cart pulls away. My family and friends have been coming here for years, the reason, it is just good dim sum. OH! and the chili sauce! Went to Chang's one time to try it out, the dishes were delicious and the service was great, but the lack of the chili sauce keeps me coming back here.Cathay House sometimes lack in service, and I often have to double check the math because one guy tends to add extra to your bill. Yet I still come back, because they have the largest selection of dim sum and that AWESOME chili sauce. One of my friends and I have a tendency of dipping everything including our char sui bun in this sauce. Don't knock it, the contrast between the sweet BBQ pork and the spice of the oil is magic.We tend to order the mixed pork and shrimp dumpling, shrimp dumpling in the white skin, steamed BBQ bun, chicken feet, tripe in black bean sauce, shrimp balls, spare ribs in black bean sauce, tofu skin wraps, tendons, shrimp noodles, and the taro cakes. The feast usually ranges around 25-30 dollars.The best part is if you go with a white friend they will always bring them a fork. It drives my friend nuts. It gives me a warm fuzzy feeling inside while I bust out laughing in her face.
3	Cathay House has been around for as long as I can remember....so basically since I moved to Vegas in the 90's. It was THE place to go besides "Chang's on Decatur and Trop"....Changs was called something else previously I believe or "Orchid Gardens on Sahara and Lindell". In any case, Cathay House is still the same as I remember it, so loud in there that you can barely hear yourself think. When I go for dim sum, I go for the generic dim sum items. Haw gaw (shrimp dumplings), shu mai, haw churn fun, law may gai (sticky rice in a banana leaf), turnip cake, bbq pork bun, tripe, etc. I don't ever venture away from that with the chicken feet, etc. Overall food is decent...nothing out of this world.  Not the best dim sum I've had, but also not the worst. We came here on a Sunday for lunch for four. Our bill came out to 56 dollars with tip....pricey lunch??? I think it's a bit pricey for Chinese food. Like many Chinese places, service isn't #1 priority, but we made it in and out in less than a hour. I know we will be back, we can't help but go back for more.
4	After a few hours of dancing at LAVO i needed noodles, more specifically pan fried noodles. And midnight pan fried noodles are even better. I don't remember much from the night, but we found our noodles here, and i think they're actually open 24 hours a day. Thank god for the delicious crunch of midnight pan fried noodles.Now where did we leave our car?
2	I've had dim sum in Hong Kong, so I know what dim sum should taste like. Cathay House is close, but no cigar. Their dim sum is just too greasy for my taste. I went there during lunch time and there were a lot of people there so I figured this place must be pretty good. I mean the food is not terrible. It just they are too greasy. Egg rolls I picked up from the cart (You can pick whatever you'd like off of the carts) were too greasy that I let them sit for about 5 minutes and what do you know, a lake of orangeish grease was formed in the bowl. Another thing I didn't like about this place is the service. Except for one lady who was extremely happy that I spoke a little mandarin (thank you) and was willing to help me, all the other staff either was rude or seemed very unhappy. I work at a restaurant so I know even if you are having the worst day of your life, you have to put on a smile when you are around customers. But anyways, overall this place was mediocre at best. Probably won't go back.
5	We enjoyed ourselves. Food + Service + Price = 5 stars.It might not be as fancy as Noodles, but function matters more than the form.  So far it's the best dim sum place we have been in Vegas.  Until I find a new favorite, I will be going back.
4	After touring Death Valley, we decided to go to Cathay house as we were looking for some authentic Chinese food.  We were seated immediately after we entered, and the food came out quickly.  The lobster noodles were good, they get them fresh from the fish tank next to the wall.  Poor lobsters!  But oh so delish.  We also got the pork with the fried skin that people were raving about, and it was goood.  The skin was crispy and the meat very tender.  Overall I was stuffed and it was well worth the money!  Excellent service, ambiance/decor, good food, at a decent price.  Thumbs up!
3	Dim sum got cold quick and the service was so so. Unfortunately.I didn't Yelp. I came here with a group of friends 2 years ago. It was OK. The camaraderie was more memorable.I came here with one Caucasian this time. It's 11:30 AM on a Saturday. It was not very busy. The wait staff somehow seated 4-people group frist, ahead of us and another 4-people family who had been waiting. Not a big deal.Dim sum selection was good. But the foods were not hot on the push-cart. And they got cold quickly on the table. Could it be the AC from a distance? I had to ask the servers to get us a few plates straight from the kitchen. Did she just microwave it instead? I cou;dn't tell by the taste.The wait staffs were reasonably attentive to clear the empty plates and fill the empty tea pot.I couldn't comment on the actual price since it was a treat by friend this time.So diners, I hope the cold food was just one time thing. Otherwise it's just the standard dim sum fair for Vegas.
3	Dim Sum was authentic and decent.  However, selection was very limited.  Lots of Chinese people were here for lunch so that picture painted a thousand words.
3	We went after 9pm, they have a special menu.  You need to ask for it.  We ordered 9 dishes, these are the ones that suck out in my mind:1.  Peking Spare Ribs - Flavorful, crispy, and just so good.2.  Rice soup with shredded pork and preserved egg - not enough flavor.3.  Fried Flounder - Crispy, fresh, and the sauce on the side was with a hint of spicy4.  Sliced fish with greens - fish was fresh and soft, needed a little more flavor5.  Beef stew hot pot - the beef was tender, radish was ok, again the sauce needed more flavor6.  Beef stew with noodle soup - that was not too bad.  Flavor was there, but the noodles were a little too soft.Overall everything was not bad, the service was good, and prices are too bad either.
3	Who doesn't love dim sum? Eating food that you have no idea what it is, is after all, a thrilling experience! Now I've been to Orchid Gardens, Changs and Harbor Palace so figured I would try Cathay House since I hear great things about this place. Going during the weekday during lunch can be hectic or not, luckily our group of 4 was seated fairly quickly for a busy lunch hour. Of course just picking items off carts and watching as the ladies play bumper carts trying to pawn off their dishes. I have to say that I did enjoy these eats but I think I still prefer Changs. Their service was a little slow. We waited at least 5 mins for drinks before we flagged down a waiter to order something to quench our thirst since we were already chowing down. Also we had to ask for a few items to be warmed up because they were quite cold. Nobody likes cold shrimp balls, do they? I'm sure the waitress wasn't thrilled with our request as she left her cart behind a patron's seatDim sum is always fun to experience so any place you go you'll be in for a treat with their daily selections and the people pushing the carts. Just make sure to stay out of their way so they'll run you over.
3	DIM SUM! my fave thing, shrimp balls. they're salt/pepp shrimp is comparable here to other places bc it's gross....
5	I had dim sum there for lunch..  My first experience having Dim Sum.  It was a good one.  Very busy but had a short wait.  Seated in a comfortable booth.  Enjoyed watching patrons pick selections from the carts.  I had to try the chicken feet.  It was an experience that I had to see what people saw in this dish. All dishes were good if picked while fresh and you only had to wait a short time before a cart with fresh food was rolled around to pick from.  I met the manager and was given complimentary rolls.  On a scale of 1-10, I'd rate this resturant a 8.75.
4	Dim sum done well for pocket change. I always get the chicken feet and char shiu bao. In order to eat some delicious dim sum, you must be willing to make a few sacrifices. On busy days, the servers will probably never be there to help you or even bring you water. You must be proactive and actually walk up to these guys. Expect a few scowls from the ladies pushing their carts. No one can be continuously cheerful pushing one of these things all morning. And when they do smile, you know it's gonna be a good day:) Oh, and don't wait for your check at the table. Bring your little stamp card up front so they can ring you up. Otherwise, you could be there forever. Why give it 4 stars, you ask? Chinese restaurants are notorious for bad service. I'm grading on a curve.
1	Omg this place is HORRID! I've never even reviewed a place so low before! I'm really disappointed Vegas!So this has got to be the worst Dim Sum restaurant I've been too. With food and service. Usually service is horrible at dim sum, because its dim sum. They feel the need that they don't need to check up on you, because they have the little ladies with carts going around, and around serving you what you choose. Which isn't that bad.But this place... As soon as we got seated, they brought out our water in PLASTIC disposable cups, when everyone else had regular re- used washable cups. How do you run out of cups? Very classy for a "nice" restaurant. And we had also got tea, chrysanthemum tea. As I poured it into my tea cup, I looked in and saw that a bug came out of the pot! It was disgusting! We couldn't even get anyones attention to change it out. Or for them to take it away.Also, our Soy Sauce bottle was empty!! They didn't even notice to give us a new one, we had to switch it out with the table next to us.And at last,, the food. It was COLD. Dim sum is suppose to be hot. Steaming hot. But it was so cold, it was breaking apart. Horrible I tell you.
2	Really, really overrated and soon tourists will have the pleasure in paying a 30% premium at the Palms.  The best story I have is from a late night dinner.  Apparently they have 2 late night menus.  One in Chinese with english translation.  The second is in english.  Apparently the english menu is much more in price.  I can't remember exactly but my friend's mom had to ask the waiter why we were charged more. The waiter responded that we didn't ask for the other menu and therefore were going to be charged the "Non-Chinese" price.  He seemed to not care.  After about 10 minutes of going back and forth, my friend's mom persistence won out and we got the "Chinese" price, which was at least a 30% discount. They were pretty rude and it never ceases to amaze me how rude my people can be.  They'll straight out try to hustle you, and when you call them out on it, they'll keep defending it.On another occasion at dim sum,  a friend of mine saw one of the employees heat the item in the microwave as they were walking through the restaurant.The food here is average at best.  I never make an effort to go here unless I am being treated.
4	As authentic as Chinese food gets here. Fairly clean for an Asian restaurant with clashing decorations galore. We had a fairly large party and ordered around 7 dishes. Food is good!
4	I like this place because you get to eat the moment you sit down. The ladies with cart come right to you and sell you everything in their carts. The dim sum are pretty authentic and tasty. They have pretty much all the regular dim sum you can get from other dim sum places. This restaurant is okay clean and bright inside (with natural light). Prices are reasonable and there is no wait if you get there by noon on a Sunday.
4	Dinner for four; got seated quickly on a Tuesday night. My bf's parents accompanied us and were quick to order since everyone was famished and wanted to just eat and go.The server seemed nice but the parents mostly dealt with them since theyre the ones who speaks the language and could read the specials printed in Chinese. They ordered a few things:Duck- from what I saw, it was less fatty than other Chinese restaurants we've gone to and were very meaty. Taste wise, my bf said it "tasted like duck from any other Chinese restaurant." Oyster hot pot- probably one of my faves here. The oysters were big and juicy and had lots of great flavors.Beef w/scallions- He said it was "ok" but no one hardly touched it. Shrimp and eggs w/green onions- good stuff, loaded with shrimp.Salt and pepper crab- I don't normally like crab but this was pretty ok.Fried fish- had no clue what kind of fish this was but it was good. I guess you get this free if your bill is over 100.And yes, I paid 107 for this dinner so they better have given us that fish! But everyone enjoyed it so it was well worth it.
3	We got off the plane and headed straight to this place for a late lunch, given the time change.  This might be the first time we've ever done that (that being dim sum straight off the plane), and it hit the spot.  Some of the selections were a little salty, but overall, good dim sum off the carts, and a comfortable dining room.
5	Fresh Veggies, YAY!  Did my Snow Peas and Broccoli just crunch?  Why YES they did.  Everything is made to order and piping hot which is always a huge plus for me.  Shrimp and Lobster Sauce...EXCELLENT!  Not only are they off The Strip they are also open on a Saturday Night after 10 pm.SN:  They have a Full Bar with a very capable Bartender.
2	Been going to this restaurant for years.  The quality goes up and down.  Last Saturday however, we learned that they charge $1 per person for tea.     I don't even drink tea.  I order soda.  They don't even ask you if you want tea they just serve it.  I asked them how they figure who is and who isn't drinking the tea.  They could not give me an answer.  So before you order and they bring you that tea you better make sure you want it and you tell them who are the people who are going to be drinking it.
4	I came in for dinner but I didn't order so I wouldn't know how to order it next time. That's what happens when I go with my mom and her friends, they order traditional chinese dishes that have no english name. It's frustrating to ask them to explain the name of the dish so I can order it next time, but..... OMG the dishes are soooo good. We had a traditional claypot bowl with lamb and other things, roast duck, vegetables and then of course steamed whole fish. I found out they serve dim sum all day, you just need to order from a form. They also have shabu shabu after 9pm.
3	Pretty good, I felt pretty rushed throughout our entire meal even though there were plenty of seats left.  The ladies were NOT real knowledgeable about the food on their carts.  And they don't communicate in English real well. So from time to time we got pork instead of chicken, 3 pork buns instead of 2, and not so great service.For instance, the lady at the table next to us had all her stuff on our fourth chair.  We mentioned to the waiter that she had her stuff on our fourth chair and he responded with "I know" and told us to put our stuff on the railing instead. Verse asking her to move it. And PS she almost walked out without it we had to remind her it was there.   So to say they are not to keen on white folk probably is a fair statement.  They also seemed to be getting upset with us when they couldn't answer our questions correctly in English.Morale of the story: expect decent dim sum and expect to not get exactly what you want
5	I've been going here for YEARS. I mean like from elementary school to now (college). Always go during the dim sum hours. The food is good. Most of my favorite foods are the shrimp foods. Shrimp noodle, fried wonton, har gow. Their tripe soup is really good also.
3	Ok so I did like this place considering it was pretty cheap for dim sum. The only issue I had with this place was that some of their food was cold! Mainly the fried stuff. Service was so-so. But I don't expect much from these places. Other than that it was typical dim sum fair. I would go again if I was craving it and I was in Vegas.
4	Boy oh Boy,  if you are missing dim sum, this is one of the places to go.1.  Parking - Easy - Strip Mall.2.  Traffic- This is inside the restaurant, since it is very important for a great dim sum place to have high traffic to keep the food rotating and fresh and hot.  This place is always busy.3.  Cart Frequency - The frequency of the cart coming around is just right.  Just as we were running out of one type of dim sum and people wanted more, the cart was always a few minutes away. Very easy.4.  Service - Quick and they will get you your tea, ice water, fork as quick as you can imagine. Perhaps not elegant service, but very efficient.5.  Food quality - The selection is great and the taste is very good. From the norma favorites such as:Siu MaiCheung FunChicken FeetSpareribs with black bean sace,BBQ bunThese are all very tasty!  The waiters will even ome by with specials such as chow mein, or chinese broccoli.  They know how to do it right.The food quality here is very good, service efficient, and there is plenty of traffic to keep things fresh.  GK says, go for it.
5	This is the only place I eat Dim Sum. Yummm :)
4	has a lot of variety of dim sum if you go early. One thing i hate about this place and prevent me from giving it a 5 stars because those ladies who pushed the carts, they're so pushy in trying to put food on your table, there are a lot of things i don't like to eat, and they just placed those plates on my table even though i said i don't want its. Give me time to pick out the dishes i want to order, will ya???
4	I came here expecting mediocre dim sum, but it was actually good. Not the best dim sum I've had, but it was good.Its located in a strip mall called Cathay Hills. When I got here for dim sum it was pretty busy but we didn't have to wait long. The frequency of the cart coming around was good. there never was a moment where I had to call for a cart nor look for one because they always came around when we needed something. They have a lot of different items here. I loved that they had duck and it was still hot and fresh. The standard dim sum items were good too like the Haw gao and pork dumplings. The fried sticky rice was very good. All of the food was nice and fresh. Good place to go for some hangover food when you are in Vegas.
4	Super authentic! LOVE IT!Stopped in here for late night food at 2200 and was surprised that they serve food so late.This is definitely a FOB-U-LOUS dive-y place.  They had Jellyfish on the menu and of course I HAD to order it.  It was so tasty! I should have ordered more of it.  Where else are you going to find Jellyfish served at 2200???The fried flounder was also very good.  It's not a lot of meat but it was just enough.  This thing must have been flopping around before it went in the fryer because it tasted really fresh.  YUM!
1	I hate to give bad reviews but this place was definitely NOT GOOD.The food here wasn't very flavorful and I'm not super picky on flavor. The chicken looked and tasted like it maybe wasn't chicken... There was a fish tank full of dead fish on display for the diners to see, gross. There's millions of places to get Chinese food in Chinatown so I would not recommend this one. Also I got sick to my stomach almost instantly after we finished eating. I usually prefer food that doesn't make me sick.
4	If you go there for dinner you will be pleasantly surprised.  The food is delicious!!  Try the string beans in xo sauce and salt and pepper calamari.  Everything else is standard.  I do recommend this place to all my friends.If you go for the dim sum you will be disappointed.  Luckily my friends and I don't go there for dim sum.  Haha.4 stars -- 5 for dinner service (late night chinese baby!) minus 1 for dim sum.
4	Good food, servers are wearing gloves! Clean place.
4	Came here with my Chinese friends for Chinese New Year.  They asked for the Chinese menu.  There were 11 of us and the bill was $300.00 including the tip.  Everything was fantastic.  Chinese broccoli, fried rice with scallops, salty fried chicken, a wonderful beef dish with beautiful steamed broccoli and a plethera of other things.  I know there are two menus, English and Chinese.  I have heard that there are different prices between them both.  I wish I read/spoke Chinese because I am definitely going back here.  My husband and I loved it.  It took about 30 minutes for food to come after ordering and everything was piping hot.  I took off 1 star for decor, that could be a bit better.  Other than that, I'm glad I went and look forward to going back again.
5	I highly recommend Dinner here.  I had been here a long time ago for Dim-Sum and was not that impressed.  I was not buying tonight so I had no choice to go for Dinner, and what a difference it makes.  The Hot and Sour soup was among the best that I have had.  The dishes were brought out as ready and all of the dishes were fresh, one better than the next.  The best was the Roasted Duck.  Highly recommend it - careful as it is easily enough for 4.  At $31 seems expensive but well worth every penny.
4	I went here for dim sum today with about 6 other people.  It was quite the scene.  Not very many white people, so you know it's authentic :)  but on the flip side they have little tolerance for explaining what things are and often don't' know the words in english.  So you better be an adventerous eater or you might end up with a durian desert.  The plus side is who cares, everything is so cheap.  The wide rice noodle dish was great, so was the duck and pork.  Steamed buns were good, but maybe a little dry.  What an array of dishes.  I would definitely go back.
4	i have been coming here for years!i cant say that the place looks great but the food is satisfying...for the most partyou have to be seated where they will see you or the ladies just seem to pass you by and its always hard to order your food if you arent familar with the language, i am a shrimp lover so i always get shu-mi and all the other good stuff.service is ok...you really have to get their attention..we havent been there recently but for a family of 4 eating its about $45-50...reasonable considering we get alot
3	This is a pretty decent restaurant with average-tasting food. This place is considered "pretty good" for a Vegas Chinese restaurant.
3	Cathay House was my first Dim Sum in Las Vegas and I was impressed.  Shrimp is my favorite dim sum ingredient and at most other places you have to wait and wait for the one cart with shrimp.  Here every cart had different shrimp options ... More than I could try in one meal.  I'll be back to try the others soon.  My friend also ordered his favorite dish off the menu, pork with strawberry sauce.  It sounds odd but tasted good.  I'd put this dim sum experience as better than LA's China Town and slightly below Honolulu's
3	Just plain good dim sum.  Nothing fantastic but far from bad.  Although upon asking for my 2nd refill of Pepsi the busboy gave me diet instead of regular.  I think he was trying to give me a hint.
4	I was craving for dim sum and decided to yelp for ones located in Las Vegas's China town.  A couple different options popped up so we just randomly decided on Cathay's.  We arrived around 1pm and dim sum carts were making their rounds and the smell of propane was in the air! They sat us right away and we were served cart after cart after cart. I was very impressed that we didn't have to wait for the next cart of options to come by or for the cart that had our "favorite" dim sum to come back.  We tried almost everything and it was great!  Our water was never half empty and someone was always there  to help as soon as I  looked up to ask a question.  I'm from San Diego, so our restaurant choices for dim sum are few  and most are just average with horrible customer service.We had a great experience and I definitely love the food that we ordered.  I can't wait to go back!
5	Delicious dim sum, large variety, fast service, and decently priced. No MSG overhang afterwards.
3	I somehow got a menu for Cathay House while dining at the 24/7 Cafe so I ordered some sort of fried rice.I don't remember much of it but it was great for LATE NIGHT DRUNKEN MUNCHIES!too bad i threw it all up later.
4	This was my first experience having "dim sum" and it was great!  I usually don't take chances with new lunch places over an initial business meeting, so I was skeptical to start.  However, after the first bite...wow!  I highly recommend and will return when I visit Las Vegas again.
1	If I could give them a 'No Star' rating, I would.  WORST SERVICE EVER!  I've been to numerous dim sum places around town, but have never been passed up and ignored so much in my life!  NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN.Go to Orchid Garden on Sahara. Do it.
5	I founded this restaurant by mistake, We were looking for an argentinian restaurant they're in the same plaze and the argentinian looked really bad, around 10:30pm, hungry and very dissapointed left that restaurant in search for the place I was going to settle for dinner that night, and what a surprise, I go to this place and is one of the best chinesse restaurants I ever have, Non grease and very tasty, I'm a regular at this place, every time I'm in vegas is a must have!!!!My recommendations are:Salt and pepper shrimp, Combination fried rice, String beans w/chicken; ask for everything spicy, and if you are getting drinks for the bar, make sure you ask with no ice and get the ice on the side ;-) I know why I'm telling you and you have to trust me on this one.
3	I love DIM SUM! Those little small bite-sized dishes always get me. I enjoyed eating at the Cathay House Restaurant with my boyfriend and his mother. It was a good place to hit up! My favorite dish here was the steamed bums and those sesame balls that are like extremely dense but delicious.I left feeling like I had a food baby inside of me because I was stuffed beyond belief. I guess you can get carried away eatings Dim sum because they are served in the small plates that you can lose track of what you have eaten!The service was not very well...I think one of the ladies that was pushing the cart was having a bad day....and they never refilled our waters.
2	Overpriced. Mediocre dim sum. No one from Vegas really comes to this dim sum place anymore ever since they switched owners. And I can see why! I thot I'd give it a try...well once was enough to have me not coming back. Rude Asian servers. Normal dim sum food. Pricier than the other dim sums. You give me a reason to come back...smh.
3	It's hard to rate this place properly.If I were to rate them on food, I'd give 4-5 stars. It's some of my favorite Chinese food in the city. Their hot and sour is my favorite one of all Chinese places I've been. The rest of their menu is also containing items made just right.If i were just rate them on service, I'd give them 2-3 stars. More often than not, they're pretty rude. Especially if you don't know they have a credit card minimum. They have more than enough business to allow a credit transaction of any amount. They don't exactly struggle like a lot of other places to justify that. And they're not nice about it - to me anyway. More than once.The place is nice inside, and deceptively large. I like it, I just have to ignore the service.
3	Dim sum is good, service not so much.
3	I would've given this place another star if it still had the same owner/management. After the change about 4 years ago, things weren't the same anymore. My family and I used to go here all the time since 1996 but not so much anymore.Dim sum is from 10:30am to about 2pm. The food still tastes good but sometimes they get extra oily. I'm glad the server we've had for years still works there - he's the only one who gets it right the first time and he's friendly. I always get the same dim sum items: shumai, roasted pork, hargao, steamed BBQ pork buns (bao), shrimp balls, shrimp wontons, chinese broccoli, sweet tofu and sesame balls. From the regular menu: fried chicken, yang chow fried rice, honey walnut prawns, and salt and pepper pork.
1	Absolute worst service I've ever had, and I've been to a lot of Chinese restaurants. All the other times I've been here, nothing worth mentioning, but the most recent time will be my last time.Now I don't know who all the titles of the staff, so I'll just refer to them as waiters and busers. I think we had 2 servers and 2-3 busers throughout the course of our meal.2-3 because I think I saw two busers that looks identical, and I'm not being racist because I'm Chinese myself, so I'll just count them both as one person.We first get there and put in our order. I didn't keep track of time, but probably after 20-30 minutes we get our appetizer, still no soup though and that's supposed to come first.  Buser #1 delivers the appetizer but practically drops the dish on the table with a loud thud and immediately walks away. About 10-20 minutes later the other dishes started coming. The worst dish was the sizzling pepper steak. The thing about this dish is when it comes to your table, the steak is supposed to be sizzling in the metal tray. In our case, it came out at room temperature (meat and metal pan), so as you can expect, absolutely no sizzle.Sometime throughout the meal, we asked Buser #1 if we're supposed to get soup. He responds by saying don't ask him, ask the waiter. So we ask one of the waiters and he apologizes and says he'll get us soup. About 10 minutes later, we still haven't received the soup so we don't really bother anymore. The waiter walks by and asks if we have received our soup yet, which we said not yet, and he could tell by the lack of soup bowls. He immediately gets someone (again) to bring out soup. This time, Buser #2, puts the bowl of soup down, not sure where his mind is at, but drops the soup spoon into the bowl and splashes all of us with soup, my mom suffering the most splash damage. He says sorry once, but for an incident like that, I think you should be more apologetic.After a few more dishes arrive, we ask for rice, which is not something that you should need to do yourself at a Chinese restaurant.Finally when we're done eating, we ask Buser #1 for some to-go boxes. He goes and brings back boxes and before he walks away says "Ask someone else to do it". WTF kind of attitude is that?In the end, they had the audacity to charge us 18% gratuity on a party of 4 with dreadful service. Overall the food was decent, but it was PAINFUL to eat with that degree of service.
4	After my second visit to Cathay House for Dim Sum, I'm giving them another star.  The food is excellent, the service is speedy and the prices are very reasonable.
5	It must be Sunday, that's the day my husband and I usually eat dim sum.  Today, we are trying Cathay house, haven't been here in a while and our usually haunt is very busy, so we took a chance and thought we might be faster getting in here and we were right, got seated right away and the food carts came rolling up.The selection at first seem vast and our table was soon covered with the little plates, bamboo baskets and bowls of steamed goodies.  But by the time I got to my third choice it was very similar to the last, it seems we had choose almost all shrimp and they were beginning to taste the same. Although everything was fresh and service was great, it seem to me that it all tasted the same and I was disappointed in the end.
4	After a Saturday night after a night of pool, we got here around 1:00 am and was seated right away.  I was surprised there were 30 people or so in the restaurant at that hour. It is a large restaurant, clean, but kind of banquety' 80's looking. Although I was not that hungry, I've been craving duck, so I got half a roast duck. My husband ordered from the late night dim sum menu-shrimp dumpling, won-ton soup,  shrimp shumai.   Food came out promptly but not suspiciously quick.  Beyond my expectations, the duck was really crispy and not the least bit greasy, but the sauce which thankfully came on the side was not good or needed.  It was an artificial gingery tasting glop mess.  My husband loved the won-ton soup and ordered another bowl, and thought the shrimp dumplings and shumai were solid, but nothing special.   However, we concluded our meal with the thought that coming during dim sum cart service hours may be promising.    With only two people working the front of the restaurant, once we got our food our waiter didn't come back until he thought we were done and we had to wait a long time to settle our bill.  However, overall service was decent.I've been wanting to try this place for a while now; so glad I did and we will be back for a full dim sum service.
4	Best combin ation fried rice! Great place for dim sum.
3	visiting from San Jose, CA.  checking out LV Chinatown. Sunday noon.  not super busy.  they seat us, but no water, tea, or settings.I go get our own water.after a while, I try getting some place settings.then, I have to take plates from an unoccupied table.have to flag a bus boy to get us some tea.we did not seem to have any server assigned.carts come around, we start picking food.makes us wonder if we just wander out, would anyone know.  since we didnt have a server.no tip.pork ribs kinda fatty.otherwise food seems good.so I think some others thought:  real Chinese place--decent food, just poor service.
2	Used ot love this place...it was up there for more hong kong style fried stuff but i won't be back now...got stuck int he overflow back room 2x in a row.  Our fault - we arrived late on a Sunday both times and have to expect to get jammed whereever you can.  Problem is both times the dim sum was cold...okay that happens and we get it.  Being the realist that I am we ask about the temp of the item first, then ask to have it reheated if its noodles or something that can be re-heated...no big deal right?  These last two times (over 4 week period) the server either blew us off (1x) or reheated to the point of destroying the item (radish cake - pretty easy to reheat)...however that wouldn't have done it for me.  Again - the front dining room is nice and most of the dishes are above par...however when digging in to a plate of chow fun w/ XO sauce I ate something crunchy...with legs...and a shell...and antennae...and upon inspection noticed there was more than one of these critters on the plate.  Not going back again - not that I'm squeemish but heck...i hate roaches or critters of any kind and don't like cold dim sum...or sittling in cramped back rooms...  I gave two stars because the server was pretty cool and comped the meal and the food
4	I'm not a fan of Chinese food but this place I enjoyed the food.
5	Awesome, best Chinese food in Vegas even at 2 am in the morning.
4	First time going to this place, the food was great ordered the lo mein and beef with strawberry sauce.  Also ordered a couple of dim sum dishes - shu mai and hargow.  Definitely a place to come back again, the dim sum I think is a bit pricey imho.
2	This used to be my go to spot for dim sum but as of recently I have decided to take a break from here and go else where.. Sorry Cathay...The last time I went to C.H. we got our usual variety of little dim sum dishes but as my mother bit into one of the fried shrimp balls she immediately spit it out.. It was bad.. Not bad as in bad tasting but bad as in "gone bad.." ewwwww!We flagged down the server and told him.. He told us to tell the cashier.. When we went up for the bill and explained to the cashier our little situation, she said we had to talk to the server... WTF! So we went back to the table and flagged down the server who then flagged down the manager. We explained what was going on and the manager said "Sorry, we still have to charge you for it since you ate it.." At this point I was beyond annoyed and explained to him the difference between us not being pleased with the dish and the dish being unpleasing because it had turned bad.. I showed him how we did not touch it besides the little bite that was spit back out and that maybe he too should try the nasty thing....!!! He then was like "oh....ok... we will take it off for you ..." Didn't even say sorry! UGH!!! bad service and bad food that day!!!! Was definitely a sour situation...! Pun intended~Tip: they only carry hot chili oil.. I, personally, like the red chili sauce with my dim sum..
4	Been here before for late night munching.  Finally came with my out-of-town family for Dim Sum on Thursday for lunch.  It was surprisingly crowded. Excellent dim sum offering.  They offered many types of dumplings, as well as roasted meats, steamed vegetables, and mini stirfried plates.  The carts came every few minutes.  I will say it was a bit overwhelmed at one point, but I appreciate they were frequent and had an abundance of offerings. They even offered my beloved roast duck on one cart... I was about to order it off the menu.  The only negative was that we asked for water as we sat for lunch but didn't get it until we asked for the 3rd time, which was almost at the end of our meal.  5 people and less than $80 bucks including the $12 tip... so much food, so good, so cheap, and so impressive to guest!  Great way to show off the unique food offerings in Vegas.
4	Late nate Chinatown Vegas eats!Cathay House has pretty good hours for those looking to eat a late dinner. They're open up to 5am (almost 24 hours- they open at 10am and close at 5am.)I came here for a late dinner and there were several folks who were also late night dining. This place seems to be known for their dim sum and at night time, they do offer some of their dim sum. We got a couple orders of their pork and shrimp siu mai. Aside from this, we ordered the wonton soup, pork chops, tofu with veggies and the chicken fried rice.The wonton soup was a nice starter. It had tasty broth and soft dumplings filled with pork. Next up for us was the pork and shrimp siu mai. It's no wonder their dim sum here is popular, because the pork and shrimp siu mai was delcious!  Our main courses of pork chops and tofu with veggies did not disappoint either. The pork chops were nice and crispy. They were also pretty lean. The tofu with veggies had a good mixture of greens and slices of tofu. All the dishes went well with the chicken fried rice. Portion wise was decent though the pork chop seemed fewer than what I've seen before. The rice was plentiful but not too much chicken. It was decent though and there was food for to-go!Not only was the food good, the price here was decent too with the bill just around $44
4	Love it, almost every time to Vegas got to have dim sum at Cathay House. Everything is good! don't miss it.
4	Very good Dim-Sum. Cheap and tasty.  Best I had in Vegas
1	[Review for DIMSUM only]I'm sure you've needed to buy a car - a brand-spanking-new one OR a semi-whored-out-used version - at one point in your life and have experienced a nagging-dying-to-complete-a-sale-to-take-out-a-chick-salesperson. It wasn't the greatest of experiences right?Well, meet the DIMSUM version.I really wonder if these ladies work here on a full commission basis OR have been set STRICT ASIAN QUOTAS (those having worked overseas OR know someone who does may have learnt at some point how some retail outlets staff actually have DAILY quotas to meet...OR else ADIOS bish). They sure fly around in their dimsum carts like the establishment is a go-cart-track...and pushing for sales a LOT more aggressively than I would say a carsalesperson would at the end of the month.Best part? The moment they knew I spoke Chinese...they went gung-ho-YOU-need-MORE-meat-on-you-SON-"YOUTOOSKINNNNNNNNNNNNNY" on me. (Bish, please...you look anoxeric! Maybe?) Well, they still WON...since I tend to be a pushover with asian-aunties-battling-menopause and their dimsum carts...and found my small table for 2 with food for at least 5 gargantuan eaters.Yet, this place, which was recommended by locals (asian ladies that you'd find working at the hotels and casinos that I randomly started conversations with to ask for tips on LOCAL food joints), isn't that great. (I think I got trolled.)Oilier dimsum...below average quality (just seems like the food sat out a little too long as well as tasting rather bland...)...and ISN'T PIPING HOT...mehBut what really killed it for me was this ever present sour taste that wasn't vinegar...and if you know your dimsum (OR even any other food in general)...this ISN'T A GOOD SIGN. Maybe, the health department might have to come over for an (S)INspection...before, as comedian Russel Peters imitates his dad, "Somebody Gonna Get a Hurt Real Bad".If you're craving dimsum, I'd say...just wait until you get out of Vegas and hit a real spot instead. And if you HAVE to be here, please don't order the dimsum BUT order ala carte dishes instead - at least if the food isn't that fresh, the raging fire under the wok will fudgingly kill everything in it.It may just save you a trip to the porcelain throne of shame. (Don't ask).
4	Ohh, I am so sorry that Jireh H. on 12/4/12 had such a bad experience at Cathay House.  I have been visiting them for years and always come out as stuffed as their many dumplings.  My husband and I go back and forth between Cathay House and another popular nearby dim sum restaurant.  Cathay House has excellent dim sum and one of their best plates is the sliced barbeque pork that is so tender and tasty, it is worth ordering extra to bring home.They are very attentive and while my husband and I like to load up our plates so we can have the workers take away the "evidence" of so many plates that we ordered, we can't hide the bill when it comes or the amount of food we order to bring home so we can eat it again the following day.  Their eggrolls are filled with shrimp.  Excellent noodle dishes and pork cilantro dumplings are yummy.  Everything is good and just writing this review, I am ready to return yet again.'From the reviews, it looks like this place is hit and miss.  However, I wish anyone who likes dim sum to give this place a try.  Totally worth it.
5	Great place for Dim Sum. Food quality was great and they had plenty of items to choose from. We had large party of 25 people and they were able to meet our accommodations quickly.Food service was great, the cart ladies were constantly making their rounds and they made sure our tummies were full. We definitely did not miss out a thing!
2	Wasn't really planning on Dim Sum in Vegas but dad wanted to try the dim sum in this county so I was like ehhh okay....he even bought with him a Chinese newspaper that listed some Asian restaurants in the area...therefore we ended up in this restaurant for dim sum. The place was easy to find....pretty much all the Asian restaurants are located near or on Spring Mountain Rd. This is a small dinky restaurant but I was surprised by the hours they are opened - from 10:30 am to 5 am 7 days a week....I figure they don't make much money. We got there just 30 minutes after opening and it was quite and there were already some patrons.They have the dim sum carts here not the ones you order on a paper so that was good. The food, in my opinion was pretty bad....the lady was telling us the food is fresh and just came out but it was warm instead of steaming hot. The skin of the rice rolls were too thick and the sui mai and beef balls lacked taste. The only dish I liked was the Shredded pork and thousand year old egg porridge...that was hot and just the right texture. The Sticky Rice with Chicken was okay but there was more radishes in the beef tendon bowl then there were beef tendons. The selection of food was meager and not a lot of unique dim sum choices but that was expected I guess. The service was eh...they weren't busy but took a long time for them to refill our tea pots. By the time we left, they got a few more diners. This place was pretty weak - but eh I really didn't expect much in the first place.
4	SHO GOOD.Came here for a graduation dinner and the food just kept on coming.  Things I remember before I was blinded by a plate bigger than my upper body of lobster:Black bean fishHoney walnut shrimpChinese brocolliDuckLambClay pot beefThe waiters made up for a lost pre-ordered food list by giving us a discount for the lobster. Service was alright for a Chinese place, but food was just delectable!  Pretty big space as well.
2	The food is cheaper than the strip. But it is for the low quality food.When we arrived, there were many people at the door. But there were still many empty tables. I would give them 1 star for the service. I ordered goat hot pot (), Vegetable beef () and hong kong style sweet and sour spare ribs (). All of them are salty. There could be some extra MSG. After the meal, I was so thirsty. I had to drink 2 bottles of water. The food quality is way below the average. I give them 2 stars to acknowledge their low price for a restaurant  But the rest are disappointed. It is better to go to chinese food session in the cheap buffet or go to panda express.
3	Dim sum in Vegas with the FAM bam... Of course. Subpar dimsum in comparison with the places in LA's SGV, but def not bad for Vegas Chinatown. Service was decent for our party of 18 but the fact that they tacked on the standard white restaurant gratuity fee of 18% on our bill left a bad taste in my mouth...
3	The food here is good. I can't complain. But I feel it is a bit overpriced. Not my number one choice of Chinese restaurants, but I'll have dim sum or a late night meal if people want to go. If you want good chinese food that is on the higher end of the price range, this is the place for you.
4	Probably my favorite Dim Sum place here in Vegas. Not great, but its decent, quick, and easy. Coming from Southern California I have always had the luxury of good Dim Sum places. Since I'm stuck here in Vegas, this place works for me whenever I have a craving. Never had an issue here yet. Service is good and the price point is decent.
3	Great Chinese dim sum in the Vegas area. Came with 6 hungry guys and ordered sooooo many dishes. Price was fair for the food. Service was great but not sure if it had anything to do with me speaking Chinese to them. But this is one of the spots I come to before my flight back home. Easy to get to from the strip also
4	Wasn't too hungry when I came here so didn't try as many items as I would normally get. Pros: Their dim sum is quite good, portions generous, and not too greasy and very affordable.Cons:  Was hoping to try some of the mochi durian balls pictured on yelp but they didn't have it rolling around in carts. The selection was kind of limited when we were there. We'd see the same things carted around and no new dishes coming out of the kitchen. What's up with that?-Customer service wasn't that good, when I asked for certain dim sum items that I didn't see on the carts, they didn't place an order or check to see if there were any in the kitchen.Pros outweigh cons so will be back on my next visit.
4	My brother, friend, and I  went in here for lunch to get some dim sum.  It was very good.  Good portions and reasonable prices.  Will definitely come here again if I'm in the area.  Highly recommended!
4	Came here for dim sum on a Saturday morning. It was a bit crowded and the wait was about 15-20 minutes for three people. They sat us in a corner so the food carts didn't come continuously. The food was good for my dim sum craving. We had the "si mai" (yellow pork steamed dumplings with mushroom and a red dot sometimes.. excuse my pronunciations) That's usually what I get at dim sum and it was pretty good. Also had the "hai cau" which is the white/translucent steamed dumplings with shrimp inside. I didn't know some of the translations in Chinese so I do what I usually do which is point when I see something on the cart I like. The other dish we got was the white folded slippery noodle sheets with shrimp on the inside and soy sauce. That's usually my favorite dish. The last one we had was the sticky rice in the banana leaves. That was delicious. It's a little frustrating when I want something, but I don't see it so I can't point. The next time I go I will probably just memorize the pronunciations of the food I want. Language barriers are the last thing you want to deal with when you are hungry and can't describe the food you want to eat, but you know it's sitting somewhere in that cart of silver trays. Casual dress. Good price. $30 for three people is usually what you get for dim sum. I've been to better dim sum places, but I've also been to pretty bad ones so this place is somewhere in the middle and I wouldn't mind coming back for dim sum when I'm in Vegas.
3	I went for Dim Sum lunch on an early Friday afternoon.  It was located on Spring Mountain Rd near S Decatur Blvd in Las Vegas in a small strip mall.  They were packed with almost all Asian customers speaking their native tongue.  The noise level was extremely loud.  I was hoping to make a phone call while dining, but there was no way I could talk on the phone.The server came up to me speaking Chinese. I don't speak or understand Chinese.   I looked at him and asked him for some water and tea.A cart came around a few minutes later.  I pointed to the Shiu Mai and Shrimp Har Gow. The 4 Shiu Mai had the red fish eggs on top.  The items on the cart were steaming, but this dish was luke warm.  The 4 Shrimp Har Gow had whole and chopped pieces of shrimp.The 2 Sticky Rice in Lotus Leaf (Loh Mai Gai) were flavorful.  They were generously filled with with chicken, Chinese mushroom, Chinese sausage, scallions, and dried shrimp.  They were one of the best I've had in a long time.The 3 Deep-fried glutinous rice dumpling with pork (Haam Sui Gau):were hot and freshly fried.  They were stuffed with pork and dried shrimp and even some Chinese sausage.  The Steamed Pork Spare Ribs with Black Bean Sauce had little cubes of acorn squash which was different.The 3 Baked Sweet Buns had no filling.  I would not order them again.The 3 Custard Tarts (Dot Tot) had lots of crust.  It was a little on the soggy side and the custard was a little too soft.I was able to get a couple of To Go boxes and the check without too much difficulty. I would come back since this is where the natives go but the noise level was something else.
1	This used to be the number one dim sum place my family and I would go to for years. It's generally always pretty busy. There would be a line of people waiting outside to get seated for lunch. A bustling restaurant is a good sign that it's great. However, in this past year things have changed drastically. The service isn't that great as said in many reviews prior to mine. I understand there may be a language barrier, but at least wear a smile on your face for your dining guests who question what sort of dishes are being presented to them. A lot of the servers do not know how to properly explain what the dishes consist of. Several of our dim sum dishes came out cold that day and also tasted stale, they were not fresh at all! Which was very surprising since we had arrived very early to opening time. You shouldn't get cold dim sum around then. So that was pretty disappointing. Hopefully the service and food will be up to par if I happen to eat here again in the near future. But as of right now, I don't see myself coming back any time soon.
2	After a long SUNday of spin class at 24 hour fitness, friends and I wanted to treat ourselves. Since we were on Spring Mountain, a friend suggested Cathay House.I was eager to try this place as I've heard about this place; mainly because it's a late night dimsum spot open late.....maybe 4am???Ordered the usual egg custard bun, noodles, duck, shrimp hargaw.It was my 1st time there and I wasn't impressed. I was more so dissappointed. Especially when I bit into my egg custard bun; and didn't get oooooozyyyy goooooey egg custard goodness coming out of there. =( HOW LAME!Of course, Imma compare this place to my fave spot (East Ocean DimSum) and it pales in comparison. If it's uber late and I'm craving dimsum; I guess, I'll come here again. Whatevs.
1	So many better places on Spring Mountain.  One dish tastes likes the next at this joint.  The "white" chicken is anything but.  Cathay was once one of the best in town.  Not any more.  As they say, "no more business from me to you!"
4	The quality of the food is excellent.  I like pretty much any of their soups and I love the chicken with pea pods meal.  It comes with a ton of pea pods.  This place has extended hours so you can eat until probably 3 or 4 am here.
4	I've only been here twice and I also have yet to venture out to other dim sum restaurants in Vegas. But I love this place. It reminds me of home (Hawaii) It actually more specifically reminds me of Legends, except smaller. The dim sum is delicious. It's nice that the dim sum area is smaller so that you don't have to wait for the cart to go around the entire restaurant to get what you want.The prices are also very decent. I think I paid $30-$40 for 3 people.Location is right off of Spring Mountain Road & parking lot always has stalls available (free). The staff is very friendly and fast. Dining area is very clean.Place opens at 10:30am on weekdays.
4	When is the best time to eat Chinese food? If you thought late at night when your really hungry and nothing will do a better job, you sir/miss are correct. This was my first time here, coming with my girlfriend who was been here a multitude of times. As you enter it seems like it is a very small place, but of course on closer inspection it is a larger place, with a lot of random rooms in the back for what I would guess would be for accommodating more people. We were quickly sat down, no need to wait.We were given our menus and time to scan through it to see what we would like, it was a large selection but still seemed like it was small for a Chinese joint. We ended up ordering 3 orders of bbq pork steam buns, house fried rice, some spicy sort of chicken thing, and a cup of soup each. While we waiting for our food I noticed a different menu and it was huge! So I grabbed it to check it out and it was the menu that they give to the Chinese customers. It kinda made me disappointed since I would have easily eaten chicken feet and beef tripe. Next time I am there I will  have to ask for the Chinese menu not the "American" one. All in all I really loved the taste of the food here, large portions that we both somehow were able to finish off! I would recommend this place and will take my friends here for late night Chinese.
4	Not sure why all the big dim sum places are 3-3.5 stars here in Vegas. Anyways...I've been eating at Cathay house since I was a kid and I gotta say a lot has changed throughout the years. First big change was the shift of employees over to Chang's many years ago and now the big change in customer service. Back then, the food was so-so and the service even more "meh." Now, I'd have to say that Cathay House has the best dim sum in town! Food was not served cold and the same cart would come around my table at LEAST 3 times. The dim sum wasn't gross and greasy either, which is a big plus. All in all, the quality of food has improved a good amount.However, what compels me to write this review is the major improvement in customer service. I came with a large party during lunch hours. It took a little long for us to get a table since we came during the peak hour. I noticed the back room was open and not all the tables were full, so I asked the hostess if we could just be seated there. THIS CLEVER WOMAN replies "I'm sorry, we only have two waiters working that room together and I don't want you to have bad service." It was such a perfect answer I couldn't argue back. After my dining experience, I was glad we waited the extra 5 minutes for a table to clear just so we would truly have customer satisfaction.As of right now, Cathay House is my favorite dim sum place in town, mostly because of a recent bad experience at Chang's. However, PLEASE avoid Orchid Garden for dim sum. I noticed they have 3.5 stars right now on yelp, but please if you care about the people you are dining with, you should not support their business! Instead, come to Cathay House! :D
2	"Meh. I've experienced better." From the Cathay House of about 2 or 3 years ago, no less. I wonder what happened? Cathay House used to be a go-to for my friends and family, but somehow the overall quality has been declining, and this last visit made us realize that. The dishes now have simple, fundamental issues with them, like very thick dumpling skin that sticks to the dish, and vegetables that are not very fresh and crisp. The tea was clearly oversteeped. The highlight of the meal was actually the tripe, which was very clean and had great texture. Have prices creeped up over the years? We racked up a $70 bill for what didn't seem like very much food, especially in between all the limp veggies and half-filled dishes.The service and cleanliness have also gone downhill; where I feel like Cathay House used to clearly be the nicest dim sum place in Chinatown, I can no longer say the same. While the servers are fairly patient and accommodating as usual, one of our party observed that some of kitchen staff don't perform the required hand wash after a bathroom visit, and that they were talking on their cellphones in the kitchen! I'm not sure what to think, between being disappointed, and being hopeful that Cathay would return to its former glory, but I do know that for the first time we'll be looking for a new dim sum place.
2	We hadn't eaten here for years but loved it back in the day.  We wanted dim sum and items off the menu.  It was not busy but the young man who seated us was clearly annoyed at something.  We gave him our water order and he mentioned to a table of employees counting out cash that we would need dim sum.  Had to ask the young man a 2nd time if someone would be coming by with the dim sum cart.  In full view of us the eyes rolled and a woman stopped counting cash with the other employees and without washing her hands (ugh) brought the cart by.  The cart came by a total of twice throughout the meal.  There was a noticeable amount of dust on all of the wood separating the booths. GROSS.  Our server was very good however as was our chow mein ordered off of the menu.  We will not be back.  If the owner/owners were on site they clearly do not concern themselves with cleanliness or customer service.  If they were not there they need to be.  Counting out cash at a table with patrons watching and waiting for food and then not washing hands?  Geez.
3	alright dim sum. nice and cheap though
5	Dim Sum give me some ! Love this place it is my place of choice for yumminess and the price is reasonable in comparison
5	Dim sum is awesome.
4	I've been coming here since I was a kid and it's so nice to be able to now bring my daughter. This is by far my favorite Dim Sum restaurant . And they always crack me up because every time I ask for something, they always say,...."later, later" hahaha.I enjoy coming here on Sundays and try to come between 11a-12p because that's when you start getting more of a crowd so the food is always coming out fresh and hot. Oh and my new favorite addition to their menu is the mayonnaise shrimp, hmmmmm
3	When you walk in, there are different rooms to sit in and there was no wait when we got there around 11am.  I feel that all dim sum places taste the same. Everything tasted exactly how it was suppose to taste.  Service was super fast at first but then it go super crowded and service started to slow down.  The best thing that I ate here, and I am still craving, is the famous egg custard bun!  oMG it was the best thing I've eaten in a long time!  We had one order and of course, I had to order some to go!  It was a great dessert after being in the sun and pool!  Bill came out to about $80 for 5 people...not bad!NOTE:-just order the egg custard bun to go (YOU'LL WANT MORE!)-One bathroom (kinda dirty)
5	Awesome food!  Dim sum is the best in town and I always look forward to stopping by for the food and at reasonable price.  There is always people here for Dim sum too...
1	Transaction fee for paying with credit/debit card is $20 which is ridiculous!  while other restaurants do not charge anything.  I'll file a consumer report on them!  A female cashier or manager/boss (I'm not sure),  did not even respond to my request when I asked her for a to-go box, she yelled to her subordinate in Chinise to bring the box and glanced at me. WHAT THE HELL!!!  She was so rude and acting as if we went there to eat for free.  I am Asian too but not rude and closed-minded like her!  Luckily my husband brough some cash so I was not charged $20 transaction fee.  Please note this transaction fee charge notice is hidden at the very corner of the register, you have to watch carefully!
1	Shut down due to change of ownership and "remodeling". Hmmm check out the health dept violations. Disgusting!
4	Ok I think it's time that I write a review for Cathay House.Here's the most important thing to know about this place1.  Don't come for the ambiance2. DO COME FOR THE FOOD!Been coming to this place for a couple of years... My favorite dish here is the SOY SAUCE NOODLE!  Oh how I dream of you!Simple: Egg noodle, sprouts, onions..... THAT's IT.. and yet OH SO GOOD!DIMSUM - FANTASTICStarts at 10:30am.  SUGGESTION:  Don't get so much until about 11AM..You mostly get all the steamed dumplings, chicken feet when they first open.  After 11AM... the rest comes out.  crispy pork, bbq pork (sliced or rib), chinese brocolli, fried shrimp, Fish...... And the best thing ever.... They are OPEN TILL ABOUT 4AM/5AM!!!!After a night out in Las Vegas..Sometimes... you just need some good asian food to soak up all the "fun stuff" you consumed that night!ENJOY!
4	Cathay House is my "go to" place for group dinners any time I'm in Vegas.  I'm from the San Gabriel Valley in CA which is home of Chinese restaurants, and Cathy House is on par with the best of them. I admit that I've only gone for dinner, so can't comment on their dim sum.  Went there this past Saturday with a party of 8.  Service was excellent.  Our waiter was very attentive, gave good recommendations for food, and had a great sense of humor.  He had all of us rolling on the floor.  Everyone walked out of there stuffed to the gills.  And....Cathay House is one of the few Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas (not in a hotel) that has a full bar.  Another big plus.Definitely recommend!
1	This used to be our favorite dim sum place over the years.  For some reason , it s gotten worse and worse every time we go back the last 3 years.  Flavorless, cold and some are rotten.  The only thing that is worth mentioning are the dim sum carte ladies, they are helpful, friendly and pleasant.  There is this older manager  guy is extremely  rude. its very disturbing to see how he treats the dim sum ladies. We visited on  Sunday,  8th of September and it would be our last.
2	I was craving dim sum late night, and this was the only place that was open. Since I've been craving dim sum for a few months now, this place got lucky that I devoured everything in front of me. The bad news, I got food poisoning. I knew there was something wrong with the pork shumai when it reeked of bad pork and the cavier on top was still gooey on top, but I was beyond hungry and going through one of my cravings so I forged ahead. There is a limited dim sum menu for night time. Here is the breakdown: Edible and decent: sweet custard buns and shrimp balls. Reminiscent of dim sum: banana leaf sticky rice, shrimp potstickers and pork buns. Either bland or bad: pork shumai and shark fin potstickers. I heard there are much better places to go for dim sum in Vegas...so don't go here for it, unless it's really late and you are beyond crave monster status. FYI - I saw a family order 7 orders of fried rice...maybe that is what I should have ordered....
2	Still over priced for the dim sum offered. Service is still not the best but it's typical for these establishments.  The food is good, menu items also good not excellent and their homemade hot sauce is great for dim sum. Sometimes they run out and serve sambal. Tip: You have to be very assertive to get what you want.
2	Would not recommend. This place is extremely slow. I came with my family for my birthday and we ordered about 8 dishes and the dishes came out 1 by 1 like 10-15minutes at a time. At this rate I am able to pass my first serving by the time our whole order even gets here. They claim that it is really busy, I look around, plenty of empty tables. Sigh.
3	My family and I were pretty stoked for some boiling crab, but we didn't know it doesn't open until 3 on Fridays. We somehow made our way to Cathay house for some dim sum.We got here around 130, it was pretty easy to get some seating. They had a bunch of carts going around so finding food was definitely not an issue, which was good because we were starving.Service: not very many people to help us, but that was pretty unnecessary since we filled our table with food the second we say down.What I liked: fried noodles, it was pretty basic. Didn't have too much taste but it was good enough for secondsShumai: pretty flavorful and very addictingShrimp gow: it's just a must if you're eating dim sum:Let down: the duck. I was pretty excited and basically the only person at the table that wanted it. I think everyone else was right because I've definitely tried better Price: the price wasn't too bad. If you're from the bay and you're used to buying a bunch of dim sum for $10, don't come here because you'll probably be disappointed If I need a quick bite and I'm around the area, I would come here. It's not a place I would crave though.
3	I heard from the locals, this restaurant has been there FOREVER!!! Crowded even during weekdays. Wait time about 20 minutes. Dim Sum almost everyday. 4 people, 11 dishes... after tax $46. And we walk out FULL & HAPPY!!!Love dim sum because it is like tapa style, you can share the dishes with other and try many different dishes. Quality of the food, average. Service is fast. We are in & out within an hour.
3	This was my first time having dim sum and it was good. Everything was tasty. But left me feeling lazy, greasy, and heavy. This place probably uses msg in their dishes because we didn't order a lot.
4	It's DimSunday and here we are. I haven't been here in YEARS. It was a packed house and the carts were zoomin'. Everything was good here especially the pork shumai, and CRISPY PORK!!! AWWW YEAH! I spotted this first and was like GIMME SOME OF THAT!!! My fave!! It was friend's first time having the crispy pork skin like that and MMMM!! He loved it too!! I want some more!! I wanted some veggies in the mix too so got a plate of Chinese Broccoli and that was a great finish to our dim sum dining experience!
4	I have to give this place a 4 star as I'm a dim sum lover. The dim sums were always hot and fresh-especially their chicken feet. I like their chili oil the best. My bf especially can't get over it and tried to get their recipe every time we went  there. Other than dim sum their other dishes were quite impressive too. The beef mushroom w shacha sauce pot-yum! Still exploring new stuff will update soon as I tried more!
4	Have visited twice.  1st visit: Saturday midday for dim sum.- - Great variety, fresh food, good service.  Prices very reasonable.  2nd visit: late night on a Tuesday- - food still tasted fresh, loved the sizzling rice seafood soup.  I know I'll have a craving for that in the future.  To be honest this has been the only dim sum I've liked since moving to Las Vegas from L.A.  Overall: I'll definitely be back.  It'd be awesome if they updated the decor then you'd consider coming here for special occasions.
1	service was ruder and even more unhelpful than the usual Chinese restaurant.spicy salt squid was tasty but super rubbery.tomato beef chow mein was pretty decent though.but a skimpy scallop dish for $14.95... ?! and by skimpy, i mean only 4.5 scallops. i thought we ordered family style dishes, not kids meals. (yes, we counted)and forced 18% gratuity... we wanted to tip them less for how pathetic our meal experience was there.
3	It's staff is better than the Orchid. The food is an array of dim sum.The decor is typical. The quality is okay.
3	Nothing special - fairly decent service for a Chinese place, cheap dim sum, tasted average, and I didn't poop myself later.But overall, dim sum in the middle of the damn desert was better than San Diego's meager offerings.#shotsfired
3	This is the place to go for Dim Sum. During certain times they have carts that make rounds around the restaurant so you can just pick off what you want.The food is pretty delicious. Every time I come here I'm not disappointed. My favorites are -- Shrimp wontons & shrimp balls. They serve it with a mayo dipping sauce that is to die for when combined! We also ordered crab in this ginger garlic sauce which had a lot of flavor. I gave them 3 stars because I could have taken a nap & the food would have not arrived yet! Even our wonton soup took forever to come out. We were starving! & today we had ordered deep fried chicken and they forgot it when we clearly ordered it. And funny thing was the waiter recited our order back to us after we had ordered our food. Overall, I'll come back here but probably will call to pick up food instead of dine in.
5	Great spot especially because they're open late. Not too from the strip for good food.
3	Something is just missing at this place compared to other dim sums I've had. Service was pushy to start. They kept rushing us to order when we were still waiting for our entire party to be seated. I liked the custard buns, shumai and duck. Don't waste your time or money on the lobster pasta. The lobster was good, but the noodles were bland and forgettable. Not a fan of them having to take the food to the back to be reheated before serving, either. I probably wouldn't go back, there are better places to have dim sum.
1	They microwaved our dim sum in front of us. Depressing. Nothing more to stay.
2	Items Selected:XLBShu MaiSteamed BBQ Pork BunsLobster Special with Ginger NoodlesEgg Custard TartsBaked Egg BunsBaked BBQ Pork BunsCrispy Garlic SmeltBaked Coconut BunsCrispy DuckSticky Pork RibsShrimp and Crab BallsHaving found KJ Seafood and Dim Sum at the Rio a good value for high quality cart service as a packed dining room assured freshly circulating plates throughout our ninety minute stay it was with a group of five that I sat down at Spring Mountain staple Cathay House hoping to further dispel rumors of Sin City's subpar dim sum but with slipshod service and too few patrons even on Saturday at noon the results were, at best, mixed.  Starting at the door where hasty greetings lead us to the back room it would be less that thirty seconds after seating that the blitzkrieg began - baskets and steamers that had clearly been propped against the wall shoved in our faces with several selections requiring an unannounced trip to the kitchen microwave - and kicking off with a trio of steamed options it was only BBQ Pork buns that proved competent as rubbery XLB and Shu Mai skins undermined otherwise juicy contents.  Still frenetic in pace as a $16 lobster special with slippery noodles swimming in ginger found its way to the table alongside a trio of excellent baked pastries it would unfortunately not be long before these gems were lost amidst overly salted garlic smelt and a dry coconut sponge, the duo immediately leaving me parched  as beverage refills lagged.  Admittedly underwhelmed at this point but willing to go one more round it was at long last (actually only 40 minutes) that Cathay House would rally with a strong finish from a duo of kitchen fresh carts - the crispy duck, sticky pork ribs, and supple shrimp balls all piping hot and reference standard leaving me to wonder what could have been had everything else been delivered fresh.
1	This was only the second time I have been to Cathay House. I came for dim sum years ago and didn't have much of a desire to return but I couldn't resist giving them another chance recently.We arrived around noon and they weren't too busy. I felt rushed to order, even though we kept telling them we wanted to wait for our entire party to be seated. We ordered hot tea and waters all around and then proceeded to order from the carts that came around. They pushed the ginger scallion lobster with pasta on us and although a good value at $15.99, it had to be reheated before they served it to us. The lobster was chewy and the noodles felt like total filler, didn't have much flavor and were overcooked. The highlights from our meal were the custard buns and crab balls. The ribs had to be reheated for us before serving which was a turn off.The rest of the items we ordered weren't very memorable and I wouldn't recommend most, if any, of it. The coconut bun, egg custard, bbq pork buns and smelt were all completely forgettable.Service was ok, although refills were a little hard to come by for our waters and tea. There are other dim sum places in town I prefer with fresher items, so I don't see myself coming back any time soon.
4	Every time I visit Vegas and have spare time to drive off the strip I will always hit up Cathay House for dim sum as service is fast, good selection,  good food, and if you go at the right time no lines.
4	I was craving some Dim sum and this place was in the area we were at. To be honest these place are all pretty much the same. It just comes down to the food and that's where this place delivers. Everything we tried we liked. I'm not an expert on dim sum so I cant comment on each dish individually. We really liked everything. The servers were really nice too. I've been to other places where the servers aren't friendly so that is a plus in my book. So give them a try.
3	Ventured off the Strip for dim sum at Cathay House around 2:15pm to avoid the lunch rush. Savory dim sum circulated on two steam carts. Cart 1: chicken feet, ha gow, steamed bbq pork buns, and rice roll. Cart 2: steamed black bean spareribs, siu mai, salty egg yolk bun.One more cart offered do hua (tofu pudding with ginger syrup). Didn't see a fried items/dessert items cart, but we were able to order shrimp stuffed bell pepper, crab claws in shrimp paste, and turnip cakes from a waiter. The restaurant was out of fried taro with pork/mushroom filling (my favorite). All of the items were fine, but no real standouts. Service was prompt and accommodating.
2	If you like Dim Sum you must only go here for lunch. Reason; that's when the Dim Sum is prepared fresh and brought out for you to choose.If you go there after 5, and order Dim Sum, it's going to be the old Chinese saying;"We reheat it, when you want to eat it".It won't be fresh.On the positive side, they are open very late night, like till 6am, so you can take the gang for late night, However, order something they can't reheat.
2	The food was good but everything except for the shrimp balls were cold. There are better dim sum here in Las Vegas
4	Crowded and busy most of the time, but there is a reason: it's because it's great. Authentic Chinese food and great company if you go with the right people. Lunch time is especially popular, also because the dim sum is freshest at that time. All you have to do is tell the people pushing the carts which food you want, and they mark it down on your check and give it to you. You can't just take off the food from the cart, they wouldn't be able to write it down on the check if everyone did that. The Chinese ladies seem very friendly and want to let everyone try the food, and the men working are very quick and get the job done. I highly recommend this place because it also opens quite late, so if you're in the mood for something to keep you satiated, I definitely would go to this place.
1	Ok I thought this place was good, but I just saw on the News that this place was closed down by the Southern Nevada Health District Today.  Cockroach all over the kitchen and spoiled food were found .... yukkkk guess I won't be eating here ever again
1	Wow I was there a few weeks ago and I didn't feel too well after.   This explains why.http://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/dirty-dining/Dirty-Dining-Cathay-House-in-Chinatown-261931831.html?lc=Smart
1	Dirty Dinning....enough said
1	Go To: DIRTY DINING: Cathay House in Chinatown.This report will make you SICK, Please view first.The Health Dept. should have the Food & Beverage permit cards revoked from the employees or personally fine them for the violations too. This is an incentive for the restaurant and the employees to do their job responsibly. duh.
4	Best dim sum in Vegas.  Biggest and tastiest chicken feet in town, Ono taro, crispy roast pork and more. The atmosphere is loud and pots are clanging, and that adds to the ambiance.
1	Disgusting! I think the health board shut them down for being infested with roaches and mold they also found slime and maggots on the cutting boards. This is not surprising as I was taken on a business lunch here a few months ago and a baby roach came off of one of the plates and was crawling around on the table! When we called the manager over he said it was a bug from outside and that they can't help that. Yeah not cool. obviously where there is one baby there is 1000 more. Sick sick sick.  They will re-open and still be disgusting.
5	Food was delish! Loved every last bite of my fine dinner. Sadly I read everyone's reviews and see why they would get a bad rating...but not because of the food....the dinning area is really dated and needs improvement.
4	Good place for traditional Chinese dim sum. The decor could use an update but they make good food. Take advantage of their $2.49 any dim sum dish, Monday - Friday.
3	- The food is good. Not the best dim sum I've ever had, but good enough to keep me satisfied. -Service is good. We wanted banh uot with tom, but we didn't see any carts with it. The manager came over and asked if we were okay and we asked for what we wanted and he brought over the last plate. The ended up having more and brought another one over to our table. - Pricing is decent.
4	I don't know why this place only averages 3 stars. This is my second visit here. It's become my go to place for fast, friendly, and really tasty dim sum while visiting Las Vegas. Did I mention friendly service. Saying "Thank You" really goes a long way and truly adds to your dining experience.I pretty much order the run of the mill dim sum. Shumai, Hargow, BBQ pork Chow Fun, steamed pork buns, pan fried noodles, etc. You get the idea. All of their dishes. DELICIOUS!Price is pretty inexpensive too. $30 incl tax and tip for 2 people and we ate a lot So, try them out the next time you're visiting Sin City. Worth the 10 min drive off the strip.
1	They should be ashamed to even call this a dim sum restaurant. All the food here is cold and greasy with absolute no flavor. I don't suggest coming here whatsoever. After reading further reviews, I really question how they prepare the foods. And not to mention, the wait was pretty long. They are very slow. Only 2 carts running with barely any dim sum. I've never been to a dim sum restaurant where I have to wait 10 minutes for a cart to come by my table. The restaurant isn't even big! The restaurant is smart though. They are doing a promotion where it's half off all the dim sum dishes. Hmmm I wonder why?? Because this restaurant is awful. They do this to lure people in and show that there are actually a lot of people. When I first came in the restaurant, I was thinking it must be good because there are so many people here, but I was fooled. I repeat. DONT. COME. HERE. Don't let crappy food ruin your lunch/dinner like it did to mine.
3	Dim food is decent only thing is most of their food is cold which is a no no for me. The service was a bit slow maybe because we were in the other room but still. Had a group of 6 ppl with me and the price is great for everything 2.50 per plate ! That's definitely a plus.
2	I love love love Chinese food. I have friends who own a Chinese restaurant in North County (San Diego) -  their food is spectacular, and their customer service is second to none. I've come to expect similar experiences wherever I choose to dine.However, during a recent trip to Las Vegas, my expectations were, for lack of a better term, pissed on! My friends decided to have dim sum at Cathay House Chinese Cuisine. They claimed that this place served good Chinese food. I've come to decide that they lied to me!Dining here was an absolute WTF moment for me. For one, the food was subpar. The rolls were not baked fully, and the chicken feet lacked flavor, yet were swimming in suspicious looking sauce. My sweet and sour chicken was neither sweet nor sour - the cook apparently could not be bothered to put sauce on my dish. I will say their noodles were . . . edible, but a little salt would have gone a long way.The food aside, the piss poor customer service was criminal! Apparently, the staff at Cathay have clearly designated roles from which they would not deviate. Every time I'd ask a food server for something, they'd tell me, rather rudely, "That's the waiter's job, not mine." Twice when we asked for more water, we were told everyone at the table already had a glass (did the service staff not notice our glasses were empty? We were in a desert, and needed our hydration!). My favorite WTF moment came when I asked for a fork. I got a baby-sized plastic fork to use instead. Did I fail to mention that any request we made was "honored" with dirty looks?My friends were horrified, I was pissed, and the pennies we left behind as a tip hopefully conveyed our displeasure with Cathay House of Chinese Cuisine. The entire staff (save for the cashiers) need some training in cooking and customer service.
3	Cathay house conveniently offers up dim sum everyday until 5pm (they close at 5pm every day) and we were also informed that specifically on weekdays, their dim sum is offered at special discounted prices.We arrived at about 3:45pm on a Sunday and the place was pretty empty, except for another table of 3 sitting by us. The server promptly rolled out a steaming cart and we began ordering. There were a few other items that we wanted to order that weren't in the cart, but we were able to easily and quickly place a special order for them. Unfortunately one item came out cold, (radish cake) - I didn't mind flagging her down to ask her if she can warm it up for us, but it is kind of a turn off that it came to us cold.My favorites:- Sui Mai was fluffy, tender, moist and very flavorful. Super addicting. - BBQ steamed buns (white bao) - lots of bbq pork filling and the white bao buns were soft and fluffy.- BBQ pork buns (glossy buns) - The filling was very minimal, but it tasted great. Also, the buns were soft and sweet. - Fried shrimp balls served with sweet mayo came out hot and crispy. They weren't the best, but I still enjoyed them. - Chicken feet had good flavor and they were meaty. These were edible but not my favorite: - Har gow - the clear wrapper was too thick and chewy. The shrimp filling flavor was alright, but it's not my favorite version of har gow. - Rice noodles with shrimp - these were dried out and overcooked.- Radish cake - came out cold, mushy, and oily. Not served with crispy edges like I'm used to. Our overall dim sum meal was filling and satisfying. We would return, but only if we are craving dim sum on a random day after 3pm. Other than that, we will continue to make our way out to KJ Dim Sum - they still hold the throne of best dim sum in Vegas!
5	A very good Chinese restaurant!  One of the best dim sum we have had and the noodles and fries rice was perfect.  Family loved it. If you want good chinese food in Vegas  Cathay house is the place to go.
1	Early August i was in Vegas!  Chose this Cathy restaurant because we was craving for Chinese food! I got to say the SERVICE is SUCK!!! From waitress to waiter and as well the manager!  everyone was RULE!!!!Will never come back!  They need to train their staffs!!! On top of that they are dirty!We just ask simple things like refill water, ask for utensils, unacceptable service!!!
4	Went for dim sum today and their dishes were on point!  7 plates for $26, not bad at all.  Service was really good as well! :)  I will definitely return!  A lot better than the dim sum restaurant in Henderson..
1	Very average and greasy Dim Sum in a very loud and disorganized atmosphere. Cart ladies were hard to flag down. Plate of noodles we ordered were taken back to kitchen to be microwaved.  We also tried their Xiao long bao -- Shanghai soup noodles -- and instead of being filled with ground pork, they were filled with some mysterious gray paste that was inedible and nasty.   We left kind of creeped out and pledged not to return.
4	We always like going to this restaurant when we visit the town .We were seated promptly . Service was good .Their roast pork was nice and crunchy and the meat was lean . Their pork buns could have used a little more sauce. Their shrimp balls were excellent . Hard gow was also good . We had their rice porridge which was flavorful.
3	Alright, I am a huge fan of the food but the place scares me a little after finding it on news channel 13.  I know places in Chinatown are always getting hit and they usually clean up their act but sometimes entropy kicks in and you're risking it. I'm trying to focus on the food here.I went for dinner during the week and during dim sum on the weekends.  I prefer this place during dim sum, it is a huge 180.  They are kind enough to let your order off the menu if you have weekend favorites and it's like Tuesday night, which is very nice.  We got their roast duck, calamari, Chinese greens in oyster sauce, and the crispy pork. OMG that crispy pork and dipping sauce, I can't remember what the sauce was but it was good.. and the pork! Crispy skin on the outside, juicy and tender on the inside.  Great family dinner.  I just hope this place stays clean, if I weren't a little scared I would have given it another star.
3	I was a little scared coming here after seeing them on Dirty Dining. But whatever the whole Chinatown been on that segment.So I came here around 1 am and it was completely empty. The guy sat us down and gave us menu. I spoke to him in Chinese and he was nice enough to give us the dim sum menus. We ordered steamed pork buns, chicken feet, shui mui, Crispy pork, walnut shrimp, Hong Kong style chow mein, and salt and pepper shrimp. Everything was good but just salty and I bet plenty of MSG. Well I mean what do you expect from a late night Chinese food place like this.Overall service could be a lot better and food is alright.
4	The best dim sum I have had in Las Vegas and I am not a big fan of the type of food. In the restaurant they bring the cart around that is loaded with all types of different dishes and you select what you like based on how it looks.  I was good at eyeing the flavorful - it was all very good!
3	First time having dim sum in Vegas. Not too shabby!!!! Looks ghetto from the outside but inside is much better. Bathroom...typical Chinese dim sum restaurant. The food's good! not bad and not amazing. We only had the dim sum we didn't get to try the entrees but we saw other customers had ordered them and it looked bomb! We were satisfied :) price is fair and service was excellent!
5	Their dimsum is the best i've tried in Vegas, especially the crabs. Prices are just right too.
4	Pretty good dim sum but the place is a little small.  Would definitely come back again. K
1	went there 2 wks ago and the sign said closed for renovations,but actually it was closed by southern nevada health inspectors for gross violations. Another thing, once they open again for business you need to bring some earplugs because the place is so noisy from customers shouting and loud talking even with the food in their mouth. I am not going back there anymore to eat.
4	I ate here on a Saturday afternoon with a friend and it was so much fun. The people in this place were very friendly and we felt really welcomed. That really goes a long way since we Americans are a minority here in Chinatown and not always made to feel welcomed. My favorite dish was the shrimp balls...yummy !!  I can't wait to return !
4	What the hell... Drove there today and they were closed?!?! The sign over the restaurant was taken down... So confused and sad, this was my spot!!!! I hope it's just temporary for construction. Anyone have any insight?
1	This place has officially closed. It's now The Jade with brand new owners. Slightly remodeled but you can barely tell. Hope most of the money went to the kitchen to clean it up
3	Came here for Dim Sum today, and noticed the name has changed. It is now called The Jade. There are quite a lot of variaties. And the food is not bad at all. It might not be as good as some places in LA. But I think the  food is pretty decent. Service is okay. It is worth to give it a try.
1	This place is a joke. It use to be way better until they changed ownership. I wouldn't recommend anyone to go here. I went there with my family. Honestly we were sat down and asked what we wanted to drink, all we wanted was water.  It took 20 min and me asking again for our water. They never even gave me a menu when I asked for one. So we left. Absolutely shut this place down doesn't deserve be open.
5	I wish I wrote a review about this place before its management changed. Now it's called The Jade Restaurant. I used to eat here on an embarassingly frequent basis. Whether it was for dim sum or a sit-down dinner with family and friends, I would always come here.My usual dishes were the Hong Kong style noodles with seafood (or pan fried noodles), sesame chicken (for its bountiful amount of chicken), salt & pepper pork chop, dry chow fun with beef, and a half order of fried chicken.For dim sum, I would get sui mai, shrimp balls, fried dumplimgs, siopao, and a host of others.The food typically came out hot and fresh. However, there were times when the food was lukewarm or obviously reheated. But I love Chinese food so much that I looked past those and still enjoyed them.The waiters and dim sum cart pushes did not lnow how to speak English. There were a few select servers who did and they were the ones who took the orders of us gwai lo's (I know I didn't Romanize that right lol). Ironically, this made it feel authentic.Prices weren't too bad. The portions were pretty big. I always had leftovers for next day's lunch, sometimes more.I'm going to miss this place. The Jade Restaurant has big shoes to fill. My review on that place coming soon.
