3	Came here looking for my husband's new wallet. At the end we left with what we wanted, but man, the employees here are kind of crazy!!From the minute we walked in, they didn't leave us alone or stop talking until we walked out!! Coach employee: "Hi guys, welcome to Coach Men's! Where are you guys from?"Us: "Here."Coach employee: "Here??"Us: "Umm....yeah."Coach employee: "Wow, we don't really get locals shopping here."What I wanted to say: "Oh I'm sorry, am I not welcome here because I'm a local?"A soft spoken Asian girl helped us at first. We told her that we were looking for a slim wallet, nothing too bulky. She suggested and showed us their slim billfold wallets with the ID window. Then another employee has the nerve to butt in and gives us a pitch about how their bigger double billfold wallets are popular, how some people like to buy a money clip and a card holder, blah, blah, blah. Umm first of all, the other girl was helping us first, jerk! So let her help us! Second, we already said that we were interested in slim wallets only. So if you don't know what that means, google it, then STFU! LOL. My husband finally decided on what color he wanted. Then, as he was trying to decide which font/finish to go with for the free engraving, (apparently, they offer free engraving of your initials for most of their products) guess what the jerk tried to do? He tried to sell ME a men's bag. Yup, he wouldn't STFU about "well, it is Coach men's but women can use our bags too. Our messenger bags are the top sellers and they are unisex...." Uhhh, how about NO. Not hating in any way. He obviously saw the Coach women's cross body bag that I had and I was pretty annoyed that he wouldn't back off when it was obvious that I wasn't interested. Finally paid and got outta there! Although we had to come back in 30 minutes after they finished engraving the wallet. When we returned, the jerk was trying to sell stuff to another couple. Hope they survived!Won't be coming back here for a while. I feel sorry for all the employees at this store that has to work with this guy! I like Coach, but really don't appreciate some of their pushy employees.
4	Coach for men? Whoa baby! Now my husband can be as stylish as me! Great location. Great accessories! They offered iPad sleeves, totes, bags, wallets and so much more! The staff were super helpful and friendly!
