3	This is the closest stand-alone Starbucks to my house, but it's not really convenient so I do not go all that often. Plus Starbucks can be a rather pricey habit if you go too often. I stopped in today because it was an overcast Monday morning, one of those days that just seemed like it would be a little better if I was sipping on something warm and caffeinated. Service was friendly and fairly quick. A drive-thru would make me give this location more stars...
3	I did a long bike ride today, and I knew when I got back to the car, I would need to head for the nearest Starbucks.  I made a few taps on my GPS and this was the closest around.This outlet has no drive through which is OK with me.  I'd rather speak with people in person than through the box.  Service was a little slow because the woman working the register was too interested in commenting on a friend's lack of looking well.  The barista had the drink amde almost as soon as I told the talker what I wanted.  He was on top of things.
3	Not really familiar with this brand, but it was a good cup of coffee.  they must use gold coffee because it is rather pricey. ( yes, I have been here before, it's called sarcasim.)
5	The crew here is always awesome...they see me too much I think
5	Exellent customer service.  The manager and staff know almost everyone by name.  I feel like I am walking into a Cheers bar when I open the door and hear "Hi Chris".  My green tea ice tea and peppermint frap drinks are wonderful.  I just love it here.  I am big on how a business treats a customer and if you want to be treated like royalty please come to this Starbucks - you will NOT be disapointed.
4	Coffee is consistent, staff is friendly, it's just way too busy!  It takes 20 minutes to get in and out of there.
5	Feel like I am walking into Cheers every time I come here since the gal always greets me and everyone by their names - love that!  I am not going to say how often I come here since my husband may be reading the reviews. but I do come here a lot during the work week for my Frap fix.  The service is excellent and my drink is always made promptly and it is delicious.  Keep up the good work at this location - you guys Rock!
4	Good stuff. Nice people. The customers are a little on the weird side though..... I always feel like the people seated at tables seem to stop and glare at me?The hours need a change! My former local Starbucks was open well into 11pm. This one closes promptly at 9pm. I've caught it a few times closed by 8:30, so maybe there was already a slight change.Come on...we're right near Vegas!
4	So much green tea deliciousness! This was one of the better green tea lattes I have had. Sometimes they get too much of the sugary powdery taste rather than the green tea taste, but this was an excellent specimen. It was a Tuesday morning around 9am and the place was PACKED! The parking lot was also kind of a drag, but I was able to find a spot somewhat quickly. Kind of out of the way for me but they were pro at making my preferred drink.
4	I like the friendly staff there, I wish it was open till at least 11, 9pm is too early to close a Starbucks in Vegas which is a 24 hour town.
4	So I don't often review corporate america, but when I do - its for a location that is convenient and friendly for me.I stop in here before work most days, or for some reading when I'd like a bagel, and it's... well, it's exactly like every other starbucks you or I have ever been too.  So the four stars go to its location and its service - a smile goes a long way.
4	I come in every morning before school. Friendly service. They will remember peoples names and greet them when they come through the door. It really gives a homey feel.Its a great place to study and finish my school work. My friend and I will come here to study rather than the library at the college campus. Today there was a little back up of getting my coffee. It was a short line at the register but so many people were waiting to get their coffees. I could tell that the woman that was preparing them was new so it just took a little longer than normal. Soon enough someone with more experience swooped in and cleared the line in no time. Still love them tho! Never shut down and deprive me of my caffeine.
2	We visit about once a week. I've noticed lately they are rude and unfriendly except for their daily customers. My wife and I like to enjoy a good latte every week or so, but we don't want to take out a second mortgage to frequent everyday in order to get the same level of treatment as these daily people.Today the lady snapped at me for not ordering my drink in the correct Starbucks parlance. You know I'm tired and groggy and just woke up and that's why I'm getting a coffee in the first place. When they get new people that have lighted up I'll come back. Good thing they gave me one of these survey receipts I'll go vent there now.
5	THIS is where I go to get my starbucks fill. The service is incredible! They remember their regulars by name and actually have a conversation with you! When you leave they yell out "Thank you! Have a good day!" Okay I will! :P
5	Very nice and friendly staff. Good clean store also. White chocolate mocha tasted very good.
2	High turnover rate. Slow employees. Always out of everything. Latte are not Consistent $5 for a water down latte.
