2	My girlfriend and I saw this place at the Vegas StrEAT in Fremont and decided to give it a shot.  We ordered the Korean french fries topped with Bulgogi, fried egg, kimchi and sweet potato.  It was $9 and came in a small box.  There were very little Bulgogi meat.  The whole thing was drenched in siracha sauce.  Very disappointing for a $9 french fries.  I wish I have gotten the red pepper garlic fries from the Fuku Burger for $2 instead.
5	So Just Rollin' are the new kids on the block! Ive been following the progress before they started out because they sounded like a food truck I would like to try.  So when I caught the tweet they were going to be in my neck of the woods, I was so there this past weekend.  Who eats food cooked off a truck in 100+ degree heat?? Me!! Why?? Because the unique dishes served up by cooks are crazy good food!  The menu featured for the week was Korean & Hawaiian cuisine. So I got Korean Short Ribs.   Im telling you the short ribs I ordered was real dang good!  I wasnt expecting it to be so tender, but wow when I took my first bite, it was sooo tender and obviously well marinated because they were sweet tasting enough that it did not need no additional sauce. Deservedly 5 stars for the ribs itself. I must've looked real hungry because the portion I was served was huge! Alot of meat was piled up on my plate! The side orders were different kinds of eggrolls. I chose the deep fried eggrolls Filipino style aka Lumpia!  The egg rolls were real crisp, not greasy, cooked a nice golden brown color. Their eggroll to filling ratio was perfect, not too much wrapper and just enough filling. Some places Ive tried have little filling in them and all you taste is the wrappper. So I really like how Just Rollin' does up their tasty egg rolls! The couple who run it are super friendly as well! Im now a fan of Matt's food, the guy has mad cookin skills! Im looking forward to trying more of their everchanging menu items I keep seeing!  They've won me over so far!!  Hope to see them again in the neighborhood.
5	It was nice seeing this truck on the south side. Yummy as always.
5	just rollin is sooooooo good! awesome rolls, gourmet tacos, quesadillas and more! try the pork belly tacos!
4	Another Just Rollin' enthusiast.My boss scheduled them to come to our plaza recently, and boy was I in for a surprise.I know I am writing a review about a food truck, but what the hey! They are freaking delicious!My favorite is the Sweet potatoes fries, sprinkled with powdered sugar to perfection. They can also add chili and cheese instead.My coworker had the Mexican roll and she was very pleased. It looked delicious.It seems as though they add stuff to the menu randomly. I hope one day they have a restaurant. The food is amazing.The employees were very friendly, and are very good at suggesting the best menu items.I will find them again and have more Sweet potatoes fries.
