3	I have been to this Staples a few times to pick up miscellaneous office supplies for my work which is located nearby.  I went there earlier today to pick up some picture stands and found they only had 2 left on the shelf.  I went to the checkout counter and asked the man if they possibly had anymore in the back.  He said he would ask Paul because that was his area of expertise.  He then paged him on the intercom and I let the long line of people waiting behind me go ahead while I waited for assistance.   Well Paul never showed up and I ended up waited for about 20 minutes.  There were only 2 people working the checkouts and the line was very backed up.  I heard one of the boys apologize to a woman for forgetting her coupon and I watched as it took him almost 10 minutes to fix it.  He again paged for Paul but no one came up.  I finally stepped in after the guy at the IT counter finished helping someone and asked if anyone could check about more picture holders.  After answering the phone, he looked it up on the computer and told me no.  So I waited 20 minutes for nothing.  I quickly checked out and felt bad for the long line of people still waiting to be helped.  Because this store is conveniently located next to my work I am sure I will be back there again, but they need to work on their customer service.
3	The store was clean and easy to shop. I was only there for about 10 minutes but I only saw two employees on the floor during this time. No one said hi or asked if I needed any help.My kid's school was having a "Ream the Teacher" event where you purchase reams of copy paper to donate. I saw a display for some cases and the deal looked pretty good, until I read the fine print. The savings was going to come back in the form of a gift card. You pay full price and get a rebate, but not cash savings then and there. It's a good deal, but not when I'm trying to watch my spending.I'll be back for other office/school supplies, but I'll probably do some research on where I can find a better savings on copy paper in the future.
1	If you need copies, don't go here ! I checked to see how much it was going to cost to make 3,000 copies standard size one sided $789.00 ! Thats insane! Everyone else was at least 300 to 400 dollars cheaper.I highly recommend you go somewhere else if you need copies!
