4	I really enjoy the school and the education i've received so far. and now that i'm graduating i think that i'm happy i got a pretty decent education. of course the school has some programs that are better than others, but of all the schools i've met people in, most students at duquesne are always studying or worrying about school work, which is actually a good sign. other schools, students are more worried about parties then their exams. the school is working on upgrading and adding more features that are needed all around, kids still have good times too at school concert/events, wireless is okay, library is okay, computer labs are everywhere, free school printing, sports are decent, greek life of some sort, dining is okay, jamba juice, two starbucks, barnes and noble, apartments and dorms... overall good school to get your education at. o yea.. the rings are top 10 most recognized rings in the world... (which reminds me i should get one)
5	I spent five years at Duquesne, and if I had to do it all over again, I wouldn't change a thing!I moved out to Pittsburgh for college all the way from California--state, not California, PA. Duquesne was such a welcoming campus, and all of the teachers and staff are very caring. There are so many great resources, both on campus and off campus within a short distance. Duquesne's campus is like a world all it's own, being nestled on the Bluff right in downtown.I graduated two years ago, and I'm still thankful for the education I received. I moved back to California, and I have to admit that I miss Pittsburgh and Duquesne a lot!(as an aside, my brother also went to a Catholic university in Chicago that cost almost $10k MORE each year, and the resources at his school weren't nearly as nice as at Duq.)Edit 12/24/14: P.S. Someone else (who studied math) mentions in a 1-star review that Duquesne doesn't have any rigorous science programs--that couldn't be FURTHER from the truth. I graduated with a science degree and believe it was a FANTASTIC program and that every other science student I came across in other programs thought the same thing. With my education I believe I could get a job at any lab in the country.
1	This school is a terrible deal for what you pay.  I got my math degree here, and I feel my educations was average at best, so why did I pay twice as much? They don't have rigorous science programs here, and even their beloved pharmacy school seems to be self-serving to artificially inflate graduation rates. The money does not go to the professors -- many of them are part-time adjuncts who do not earn much, so despite small classrooms, they are burnt out and don't have time to devote to their lesson plans.  I do not support this unethical business practice.  The campus itself is garbage, there were cockroaches all through the dorms and food quarters when I was there 2006-2010, the dorms are old and falling apart, there is no campus life to speak of.  In general there is just really no reason to come here and pay twice as much money for this garbage school.  I left this school 60k in debt and could have gotten the same or better education elsewhere - I DO NOT recommend this school.
4	I'd qualify Duquesne as a school with a lot of solid potential that hasn't yet become what it could be.  The university has obvious financial difficulties despite what undergraduates assure me is relatively high tuition.  It seems like the strongest programs here are pharmacy/nursing, business, healthcare ethics, and psychology.
5	I graduated in 1964, but return regularly to campus to see the tremendous progress made over the years,  The original campus, hand built by priests in the 1870's, has been a work-in-progress--and that is a GOOD thing.  I know many people working on Campus.  And they are great and smart.  The many new buildings are architectural beauties.  But the best and most wonderful thing about Duquesne is "the people", both students and staff.  Catholic Duquesne gave Jewish me a GREAT education and wonderful memories.  I am in contact with my fraternity brothers on a regular basis and we all have nothing but wonderful memories of our time on campus.  And we do our part to make Duquesne even better.
