4	As an avid runner and triathlete, and now pregnant, I've found that I can't do the workouts I've once loved the way I used to.  I've been contemplating pre natal yoga, but wasn't sure I wanted to slow down that much.  In comes Studio BFF!I contacted Lisa prior to attending, just to make sure she could show me some modifications.  The next day, I went to the Ballerobica class.  Lisa immediately made me feel welcome and took the time to show me some of the things we'd be doing in class.  The Ballerobica class itself was great, with a good mix of easy to follow ballet and moves to tighten and tone all over.  Lisa told us she adjusts each class based on who is attending, and during some of the moves she came around and adjusted me to make sure I was getting the most out of the workout.  Don't be too intimidated if you're not a dancer!  It was a pretty tough class and I was feeling it a little the next day!  All in all, this is a simple studio that has a little something for everyone.  Plus, you can't beat their monthly unlimited rate!  I would have taken advantage, but like the option of going to classes in the morning during the week as well.  Hopefully if they keep growing that will be an option!
5	Studio BFF has definitely changed my perception of how a work-out can be fun. Rather than dreading and avoiding the gym, I actually look forward to going to BFF everyday! I've done their Stretch and Tone, Ballerobica, Zumba, Ballroom Fusion, and Adult Beginning Ballet, and I can't say a negative comment about any of them. Plus, they're adding new classes all the time--and I can't wait to try them all! Working out is no longer a chore for me--it's a hobby!
1	I was accepted to dance with the Arizona ballet and the London ballet - well over twenty years ago.  I'm not in any kind of shape - my knees are stiff and I'm at least twenty pounds over weight with little to no exercise.  I wanted desperately to get back into ballet, so I purchased the GroupOn that allowed unlimited classes for one month.  Lisa (I'm not certain of her name, she is also in the Group On video on their website) in 'beginning ballet for adults' had me in TEARS my first class, which I practically RAN out of.  She very obviously does not care about form and is well on her way to hurting someone.  Pushing groups of women that have little to no experience and without teaching proper form is not the way to encourage true ballet.  Regardless of my own body's abilities, I know what the dance looks like when done properly  - and no one in that class was doing it well enough for the level they were dancing at (safely).  A "beginner" class that allows you to wear socks has no business doing the moves she expects - especially when she doesn't correct anyone's form!  Ballet has form to PREVENT injury!  Ballet takes time to BUILD muscle!  For people that want to dance improperly and chance a serious injury - this may be the place to go.  Otherwise, get a proper instructor.  After twenty years off shoe my body is not in any shape to do what she expected of me (and others).  I was in tears when I left - and I had so been looking forward to this class!  I would say stay away from Lisa.  Her reactions during class seemed passive aggressive, commenting on my turn out as excellent but then refusing to listen when my comments about difficulty went unheeded.  There were no modified moves - I was forced to stand alone and do modifications as I saw fit.  As an insurance underwriter I can only recommend they stock up on Professional Liability- they are really setting themselves up for a lawsuit, regardless of the waiver of liability you must sign prior to class.  On the other hand, Peter (part owner) was amazing - he is very kind and spends lots of time explaining to me that I had nothing to fear and that the beginner class would be fine for me - and then obviously feeling bad about my humiliation.  If I had started with a different instructor I'm quite sure that my entire experience would be different - I loved the studio and environment and other women, but I am far too humiliated to return and attend any other class!!
5	First, I should say that working out is definitely not my favorite thing in the world. But I got on sort of a fitness kick just over a year ago. I did the regular gym workout thing, then tried a variety of DVD's, like P90X, when I got tired of going to the gym. I felt like I was in pretty good shape, and I had lost a little weight and toned up some... but I hated the routines and I was bored out of my mind.When Ballet Fusion Fitness opened up, I thought it was too good to be true. I have a ballet background, and I had been wishing for quite some time that I could find a ballet-based workout that I could do without feeling like an idiot, since I'm way past my ballerina days. I started the classes in August, and not only did they kick my butt and make me hurt in all the right places, the classes were SO FUN! I was hooked immediately.I have been going regularly since. I have gone from a size 6 to a size 0-2. I am more flexible now than I was when I was actually dancing, and I am super lean and toned, more than I ever was able to achieve with any of the traditional workouts I have tried. I started with 2 classes a week, but quickly started doing 3-5, mostly because I enjoy it so much, which is a huge testament to the studio's owners and the awesome workouts Lisa has created. And they continue to add new instructors and a greater variety of classes and class times, so you can keep it new and interesting.You get your first class for free, and the pricing plans are flexible and totally reasonable. I highly recommend this studio to anyone, whether you have a dance background or not.
5	Another great find via Living Social.  I paid for 5 classes.  The studio is new (opened last September) and owned by a former professional ballet dancer.  I went for the "stretch & tone" on Thursday at 430pm and was impressed overall.  The class began at the barre with a warm-up routine of ballet moves including plies etc which warmed & stretched my thighs, calves & hamstrings.  We then moved to the floor for a variety of yoga-like exercises.  When the hour was over (it flew by quickly) I was already feeling a bit sore (calves especially).  They had a delicious hot tea available which I enjoyed while observing the 530pm ballerobica class.  I am very inspired and headed back today to give that class a try.  Even though I've only attended one class so far, I already know that after my 5 Living Social classes have been used I will be registering as a monthly member!  The prices are reasonable ($99 per month for unlimited classes) and the schedule has a wide variety of classes, times and levels so all will fit in from the very beginner to the retired professional.
5	I got a Living Social deal from them which was 5 classes for $10.  After only taking 2 classes I have already set up payments to become an auto-renew memebr as I am that hooked!  I was a certified personal trainer and group exercise instructor for 6 years and have taken or taught every sort of class under the sun.  BFF classes are the most challenging and fun classes I have ever taken.  Lisa is absolutley phenominal.  The best part is there are no bells of whistles to this program.  It is a very pure and complete workout that i cannot wait to get to at the end of my workday!
5	I've been coming here for several months now, and it's great! I've been wanting to get back into ballet for a long time, but never could find a studio for adults. The owner and other teachers are so good and make me not feel like an idiot. (it's been awhile since I took ballet). I have taken other classes there, too, including pilates and ballerobica --- both very good. I've been wanting to lose a little weight for awhile now, and I am officially down one jean size, and the only thing I've changed is working out here. This is a great studio, definitely try it out, I even think the first class is free!!
5	This is a great place for working out.  I like all the classes (I've tried) here and there are so many of them.  My absolute favorite is Total Body Tone and Swam Arms.  I am not very coordinated, can not tell the difference between left arm and right arm and did ballet for a year when I was like 7 and gave up; yet after couple classes, I can follow most of the classes ( even if they are constantly changing).  I think I look more toned and more importantly, I feel better after couple months with BFF!
5	I have been going to this studio for 1 1/2 years now. Joining this studio was the best decision I've ever made.  I love that even if I take a few weeks off because of work, the people that teach and the people that work out there encourage me to get back into my routine.  I'm always amazed that they can kick my but back into shape in a matter of days. The workout is ballet based in most of the classes and if you've ever seen the tone in a ballerinas legs, you'll understand why its the absolute most effective workout you could ever do. I love that the studio is so personal and friendly. I absolutely look forward to 'quality time' with friends and stay healthy as well.
5	Great classes, great teachers.  They have such a wonderful variation of classes so you never get bored and the teachers will get you in shape in no time.  I'm in the best shape ever!
4	Totally in love with this place! I am a fitness gal and have tried a lot of different types of workouts. It is challenging and fun and I have tried just about every class they have to offer.. I have yet to try the ballet classes though. Jeannie and Brynn are my favorite instructors. I have increased my flexibility and balance and legs are getting more toned in new places. It is super affordable for unlimited classes and they so many different time slots as well. They even give you gourmet hot tea after class :) The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is that I don't really break a sweat and wish there was a bit more cardio offered in each class to get faster results. If your hesitant, dont be! Definitely give them a try afterall your first time is free!
5	I love this gym! I have been coming here for a year now and enjoy every minute!  The staff is friendly and helpful. I took advantage of an online deal for my first 5 classes.  I bought sessions to use now since I go to other gyms too.  I had a base of ballet as a kid and missed the structure of it as an adult.  I love the fitness classes because you benefit from form, posture, strength and stretching from the ballet and break a sweat with the added cardio. I recommend balletaerobica to start and ballet booty or ballet core for more focused areas.  Either way, you will leave here with a good workout...and a hot tea of the day!
4	I attend this fitness center for belly dance classes and haven't tried any of their other fitness classes, but I do love Sherry Fregoso their belly dance instructor (who also teaches other classes btw).The studio has different sized rooms and so they schedule the classes based on attendence with is clever.  The rooms are great!  The studio is clean and has a friendly feel.The studio worked with me when I needed a refund and all my communications with them were professional and pleasant.  I continue to return for belly dance whenever I can and have recommended it to other students.I also may someday get brave enough to try another type of class there; you never know.... but for now, I appreciate their scheduling (online) and prices (reasonable).
5	I love this place! The staff is amazing and the classes are fun and challenging. I've been hooked since the first class I took. The teachers are really helpful and knowledgeable, whether you are taking a ballet or  fitness class. I like the variety of classes and that every teacher has their own style they add to each class. So no matter what class I am taking its different every time. I definitely see a positive change in my body, balance, and flexibility. I was able to rekindle my love of dance after joining this studio. I hadn't danced in 13 years and was really missing it, but unable to find an adult only studio to attend. So with Ballet Fusion Fitness I am getting the best of both worlds that I enjoy...dance and fitness. Its well worth the money and I couldn't be happier.
5	This place is awesome!! The community is wonderful and encouraging and the classes will whip you into shape! First class is free which is such a welcome change from studios that make you commit without ever having tried a class. Trust me, you'll love it!
5	I loved this place! I tried the ballerobica and it was such a great workout. The instructor was awesome:) I will definitely be back!
4	I really like being a part of the BFF family!  They have a variety of classes and the staff is really friendly and sweet.  I pay $99 a month for unlimited classes, and I usually go to around 3 classes per week.  I like their Pilates, Ballet Booty, Swan Arms, Barre Fit, African Cardio, and Ballet Boxing the best.  The only negatives I can think of is that sometimes not every class is offered every week at a time I can attend (after work), and lately it seems that a lot of the classes I like to go to are only offered at 6:45pm instead of 5:30, which means I have to hang around the office for an extra hour or so (yuck lol).  Also, they try to incorporate cardio, but usually not enough so I had to supplement by getting a membership at Youfit for $10 a month on top of that.  Their location is good... is right off of the 101, so it's easy to get to.  I think I might try the ballet as opposed to the fitness classes to try something new and get a new type of workout.
4	I love BFF!  After the first class i tried i was hooked!   They have a great selection of classes and they are all fun but challenging!   The instructors are all very good too.   I saw a total difference in my body after only a short time of goign to BFFThe only things i dont like  is the selection of classes at 5:30 during the week.  Sometimes i dont want to go as late at 6:45 but alot of the times my fave classes like ballet booty or ballet core are only offered at 6:45.   Also it always takes so long for the following months schedule to come out when its the end of the month.   If you need to plan ahead its really hard to do so when they do the schedule so last minute at the end of every month. Other than that BFF is AWESOME!
3	.... I reallllly want to like this place but there's just something standing in my way.... This place is not as meticulously maintained as other studio's however that is what gives this place character in my opinion and well the prices are also not as high as Karve and they have more variety in their classes lol. The location could be better, it's slightly off the 101 in an older shopping complex that does not lend itself to feeling safe when you're entering or exiting an evening class. Each time I've attended a session, I have always felt like the staff was friendly but fake.... For me that is really off putting. Also the general vibe is that of a dancers studio (which I like) with a bunch of cliquey old lady dancers (which I could do with out).  I really think this place would do much better if the environment was more welcoming especially to women who are not dancers per se but just want to branch out and try some thing new.
