4	I just had my third tatto done here and I must say I am beyond satisfied. I walked in randomly at noon on Monday with a friend of mine, told the guy what I wanted and he had it drawn up in less than 15 minutes and drawn well at that. Although, getting a tattoo isn't always the most pleasant of experiences, this one was a good one. The artist was professional and did and exceptional job and I couldn't be happier with my latest piece and I definately plan on going back for my next one.
5	I decided to get a second tattoo and wasn't too impressed with the first tattoo parlor I had gone to. I learned about "Crawling Squid" through people I have met who have had really good things to say about the place and their work. I was able to walk in and only have an idea of what I wanted. Evan helped me out. He was able to go online and find what I was looking for. It was a pain in the butt on my behalf for not having what I wanted ready. He was patient with me and willing to help. I found him to be pleasant and professional. He did a BEAUTIFUL job on my work. I get stopped all the time due to my tattoos vibrancy and how well the design turned out. The last place I had gone too which seems to have a pretty good name in the downtown Phoenix area (3rd Ave and McDowell), didn't cut it for me. That tattoo is only a year old and nowhere near as vibrant (I would like for all my tattoos to be done in black ink). Before starting Evan showed me what materials he would use and everything was kept sterilized and packaged. He was also willing to answer questions regarding cleanliness. Lastly the price he charged was half of what I was going to get charged at a grungy little studio in Scottsdale. I will certainly be back for more work!
5	I recently got tattooed at Crawling Squid by Evan Barry. The facilities are super clean, the staff is super friendly and make you feel comfortable and right at home.My tattoo was a traditional tattoo done in the traditional "Sailor Jerry" style, which Evan Barry excels at. He was patient, asked if and when I needed a break, and it was really comfortable and pleasant, as pleasant as getting a tattoo could be. It was obvious from the meticulous way he worked that he wanted the tattoo to be perfect. And it was!I now have an amazing tattoo, which I got at a really great price, and had a really great experience.I'm already contemplating the next piece and am excited to head back to Crawling Squid for more great work.Whether it's your first tattoo, or like me, you're getting more, Crawling Squid is the place to do it.
5	I have two tattoos done by Evan Berry, one from 98 and one from 2001. An eastern and a western dragon on my shoulders. The work is amazing, I won't let anyone else put ink on me. These tattoos withstood the Iraq and Kuwait heat. I recommend Evan Berry and Crawling Squid for anyone.
5	I originally came with my wife who was getting some tattoos touched up. I talked to Evan briefly about a tattoo idea that I wanted to have done. He said he would work something up. What he drew was amazing. I went in the next day and spent three hours with him while he was tattooing me. He is very good at what he does. If I could compare him to a doctor, I would say he has great bedside manner, in this case chair-side. I could tell he really cared about the tattoo he was doing. He took the time to ask if I wanted breaks. The tattoo I received was amazing. It was better than I could have ever imagined. Thanks crawling squid. Thanks Evan.
5	This is the best place! I got my very first tattoo here about 9 years ago (a small one, done by Evan Barry) and had my second and third done today by Jason Kralovetz. All I can say is...AMAZING! I contacted Jason last night about what I wanted and, to be fair, I was pretty vague. I had just a general idea, but nothing concrete, no details really. He scheduled me to come in first thing today and had sketched two of the most perfect representations of what I wanted. I was as impressed as someone can possibly be! He is so awesome too, his whole demeanor is relaxed and confident, which helps ease any nerves about the process. Everything at this place is sterile and obviously very safe and clean...it's quite clear that it is a priority here. I just can't say enough good things. I know that if/when I decide I want some more ink, I'm coming here, and if I ever hear anyone talking about needing a good place to get a tattoo, I'm insisting they come here! Thank you, Jason, so so much for giving me the most amazing gift of your artistic talent!
4	I got my 1st and 2nd tattoo at this shop in 2000! Recommended by family who had work done there a few years earlier. Both of mine are tiny pick from the board ones. I have gotten 6 others since then (I relocated back home to Jersey) Im really looking to get another one and wasnt sure I would be able to even consider any other artist then mine back in Jersey. Decided to yelp Crawling Squid for S&Gs. Didnt expect to see them still open! Being open for business for AT LEAST 16 years pretty much tells me something about a place! Now as soon as I decide how i want mine drawn up I will make an appointment! My artist in Jersey has an approx wait time of 10 months to a year. Can anyone give me some ideas on how long the wait time is here? Thank you in advance! Cant wait for another "ink therapy session!)
