3	I had lunch here this afternoon, and I chose their classic doner kebab.  I'd never had one before.  As i learned, I doner kebab is basically a turkish gyro.  Replace the tzaziki sauce with some reddish tomato based stuff and factor in a flattened pita-like thing cooked before your very eyes, and you have a semple street doner kebab.  The lamb-beef meat is cooked like gyro meat but is seasoned a little different.I thought it was pretty good, despite being lukewarm.  Next time I go, I will try the koefte kebab!Oh, and it was massive, and cost $4.99.  Huge props to that.
3	Ordered delivery from here. The order process was confusing, and not everybody who answers the phone here speaks English, but the food did eventually get here.I had the Ali Nazik Kebab, which was deliciously spicy and garlicky. A coworker had the Inegol Kofte, which was also very good and not as dry as kofte tends to be.Next time I'll probably call in a takeout order to remove the delivery uncertainty, and I wish the order process was less prone to language-related mishaps, but I'll definitely order again. The food's good enough to make up for a lot.Also, they sell a chicken breast pudding for dessert. How can you dismiss a place with something that odd on the menu?
4	they have really good food that's really cheap and in large quantities. the doners are the best. they're like foot-long wraps you can get for about $5. like bethany t. said below, sometimes it is lukewarm, so that's a drawback. also, the doner sandwiches are good.try the fries! they're good.for some reason, the drinks are just cans of soda that cost a dollar. don't try the yogurt drink unless you are really accustomed to bitter tastes.the baclava and deserts taste great.
4	First - I'm a sucker for good service - and the girl who worked there was more than happy to explain to me exactly what was what on the menu and what she thought of each dish. Anyway, besides the service, I wanted to get something "healthy" and vegetarian so I went with the eggplant salad. It was questionably looking but it was served with a hot pita (medium size) and it basically tasted like a deconstructed baba ganoush (huge fan). I would definitely go here again to try their other stuff! Some of the food was a bit pricier than ali baba (my favorite middle eastern stop in Oakland) and the portions were smaller but, I when I'm on campus I'll probably hit this place up again.
