4	This place is great - I LOVE MY LASHES! I got a groupon for the 'sexy' set for $49, and it looks perfect. The experience was relaxing, the salon was modern and clean. Only issue was the music was really repetitive and got a little irritating after listening to the same thing on repeat for an hour. Other than that, overall great experience, will be back.
5	Instant Beauty Pick Me UP!!!!!!I'm very picky and OCD about beauty services! I used to be an Aestitician and I know the industry well! I had previously had eyelash extensions that made my eyes swell up, and when they fell out took my eyelashes with them so I was very hesitant to buy a groupon I found for this place. They are new in town but I checked their credentials from AZ & decided to give it a try!5 stars for ambience! Low lights, romantic chandeliers, buddist meditation music, fountains and the most amazing zero gravity chenille plush chairs! The storefront does not do the interior justice! I even got to hold a feather lap pillow that was also chenille so my hands and arms would be comfortable!5 stars for the service itself! I was greated by a very friendly professional elegantly dressed warm soft spoken woman named ANNIE. She talked me through the whole process, explained everything she was doing and I honestly felt I was getting a facial as she was very gentle and held my head and face still throughout the process. She also asked me very specifically the look I wanted, and made sure I was very happy before I left.5 stars for speed! I have heard horror stories of this painstaking process taking up to 3 hours! I was in and out in 45 minutes!5 stars for durability & thorough explanation of after care! I was given an eyelash brush, and instructions for care! I work 10-12 hour shifts bar tending and wear all professional grade heavy duty waterproof sweat proof  makeup stains and eyeliner.i also wear contacts and get spray tans! In 3 weeks I only lost a couple eyelashes despite my rigorouse face washing and makeup removal! Unfortunately I got into a car accident and had my eyes taped shut while I had an MRI done to check for a concussion. I thought my eyelashes would be gone! I only lost 2 on 1 eye, and 1 on the other!I've included pictures and the last one is after 4 weeks and after my accident! I'm defiantly going back! ANNIE is amazing! Thank you so much!
5	After my car accident, I went back to ANNIE @ lash lounge to get my eyelashes fixed! My car was totaled and is was the mourning of my birthday. I was very upset, injured and suffering the birthday blues! I was on the verge of tears as I told Annie they had taped my eyes shut for a CT/MRI scan and had pulled out a lot of my real eyelashes when they ripped the tape off; she reassured me that I could get them restored and told me I was pretty :)She worked meticulously for an hour first removing the adhesive residue from the medical tape and carefully cleaning each lash, then she gave me the most beautifull fringe of lashes! I was so happy I took selfies and posted to FB!
1	Unfortunately I have to bring my rating way down for Lash Lounge. The first 3 times I went it was good, but the last time probably 60% of my fill lashes fell out in 3 days. I made an appointment to have them fixed, but forgot about it until they called me 30 minutes after I was supposed to be there. So, they charged a no show fee to my credit card. Normally I would understand, I admit I did forget the appointment, but this was an appointment I had to make only because they did a shoddy job on my fill. They just lost a repeat customer who would have been worth thousands in business over a lousy fill job and a $9 no-show fee.
5	best of the best! #vegas Bianca is fabulous!  The environment is chic and very relaxing
1	Very disappointed. Bought a groupon for angel flare lashes and was very excited to try this out for the 1st time. My lashes began falling off after 2 days, and I followed the care instructions to the T. I didn't get them wet for 48 hours and didn't even touch them! Today is the 3rd day I've had them, and I need to try to remove them myself before I can even go to work tomorrow. First and last time I will go there. Also, I have no clue what the lady's name was who did them, but she didn't speak to me the entire time nor did she give me any instructions on how to care for the lashes. I had to ask the lady who did my friends extensions.
5	I love all the ladies here!!! Great customer service and perfect place to pamper yourself.
4	There front desk person Stephanie. She is so sweet and is really good at remembering me!!
5	Thanks again Dolls, your always so sweet and leave me looking Better than ever! Love the LASHES
5	First things first I love this place! All the lash artist are extremely friendly and very talented. I get my eyelashes done by Annie and she is AMAZING! Every time I leave I'm beyond pleased with the work she has done. I work in the hospitality industry and have a lot of face to face contact with the public and I get countless compliments on my eyelashes! The artist are great but also the receptionist are as well. First impressions are everything and from the very beginning I've been beyond impressed with how friendly the receptionists are. Just after probably 3 visits they know me by my name and even my voice over the phone when I call. All in all if you're looking for a great lash place with top of the line employees this is the place to be!
1	There's a huge issue when your eyes swells up.  Something's wrong with the product  that lash lounge uses.  They said because I'm sensitive.  I'm not sensitive and I never had allergic reaction to glue before when I had it done at other places. I called them to let them know what happened to my eyes and they didn't care.  They wouldn't give me back my money.   Worst place to get lashes.  Buyers be aware!!!! They don't last either.  It's only been two days and half of my lashes are falling off,  and it looks terrible. It's not consistent with the direction the lashes are going.  It's all over the place. I even showed up to the business and yet still they won't give me my money back.  They made me wait over an hour to talk to a manager.  She's too busy too talk to a customer. Pictures are worth thousand words!!!
5	I've been going to Lash Lounge for a couple months now and will go nowhere else for my sexy and natural looking lash extensions. Bianca is my lash artist and she is literally my "guy tang" in Vegas. She incorporates her expertise to her client's expectations so you know that even if your want dramatic effects, you will not walk out looking like a drag queen. I have really short and straight lashes and it does take time to do my full set and fills. I've never felt rushed nor timed to achieve the results I want. I love their comfy chairs too and can literally fall asleep while on it. Their business hours are also convenient for people that have hectic schedules. Try them out and check out the different packages they have and you won't be disappointed
5	Many services available!  Great stocking stuffers for gift ideas! Best lashes in Vegas
5	Love my lashes! Always great deals!  Best of Las Vegas! Beautiful and relaxing,  love the reminder text's! Girls are super sweet!
1	I was highly upset with my groupon purchase.  No where in the fine print does it say there is a limit to when you need to get your fill.  I called today and they said my groupon fill had expired my lashes still look normal and they would not take me without me paying!  So frustrating!!!! Think twice before getting your groupons places or hope that they are nice enough to tell you that it expires so book another appointment - which was next to impossible in the first place.
5	Birthday fun! Bring all your girls!   luxury lounge! Westside best full service salon!
5	Thanks for the best services ever! luxury experience always,  super cute and professional staff Las Vegas Westside best spa!
5	Completely the best services in townGreat experience every time!  Special nail bar and luxury spa!
1	Normally I don't write reviews so you won't see many other ones on the website from me but I do howover read others and I wish someone else would have wrote one about this place because if you're anything like me you work hard for your money and you don't like to throw it away which is exactly what I did with this place! I actually found this place on Groupon which normally you get what you pay for but that hasn't been my experience with Groupon. I found my last eyelash lady on there and went to her for over two years and she was amazing she took her time every time and they lasted forever. I was devasted when I fpund out she moved and had to quicly find somewhere else to go. Normally my lady would take atleast an hour and this place had me out in under 30 minutes and half of them fell out within days and the worst part is I can't contact Groupon because they told me not to purchase the Groupon and to just come in and pay them directly. So now I'm not only out the money but I have to spend more money to get these fixed. Also I can tolerate crappy customer service if the service itself is good but everything was terrible! Do yourself a favor and find somewhere else to go. The only reason why I'm giving one star is cause it won't let me give none. Thank you and good luck
1	i went there for a 3d eyebrow as advertised on groupon.  the receptionist showed me pictures of their clients that had it done there. it looked like 3d, thus was confident to book one.on that night i had my 3d, it looked fine since it covered my eyebrows that were missing (i have eyebrows and just need to fill it). 3 days post procedure, i looked at my eyebrows and noticed they were NOT 3d at all, rather it was a  bunch of pen mark lines with no depth, dimension and does not that resemble a fine eye brow line.   i went and talked to annie (who did my procedure) and explained to her that it looks like pen marks rather than 3d, she even showed me her tool which is simply a slated blade that does not even come in different sizes! she took a scratch paper and showed me her pen mark method -- again, a line that  does not resemble a 3d at all.i asked for refund, and she won't give it! she stated that she can fix it! but i am almost certain that doing so will do more harm!so go there at ur own risk!  she has no idea what 3d is and doubt she's even certified or trained to do so.i will be reporting her to groupon and better business bureau!
5	I don't know why this place has bad reviews because I've been here several times and will keep coming back! This place is clean, everyone is friendly and prices for nail service is reasonable!
