4	I'm so happy The Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport added an alternative to Starbucks!   Press Coffee food & wine offers coffee drinks, beer, wine, sandwiches, salads, wraps, and pastries. It's got a grab and go  atmosphere, but there is also a counter to sit and get on wifi. The coffee is smooth and delicious, I didn't even need to add cream.  My hubby got a cinnamon roll, which they warmed up for him and he devoured it. The staff were young friendly college girls who were very fast and helpful, and greatly appreciated the addition we made to their "college fund" jar.
4	Good coffee and breakfast foods serves beer and wine also.
4	I love that there is some other coffee place now at Sky Harbor other than the usual Starbucks! Not only that, Press is imPRESSive! The staff is on their froth! They are all very inviting and friendly from the moment you step foot off the concourse carpet into the enclave of java/sandwich/salad/etyou are treated like a guest and not a number. I like that. They are seemingly thankful you are there to give them your time and money. I love that they recommend coffees or what not for you if you are sometimes indecisive like me. I sometimes want the Americano add shot and sometimes the American with two add shots! I mean I am a blonde and that is how it goes...hard to make those PRESSing decisions before I fly off to the friendly..skies! To go off the beans of normal try the macchiato, a little different than the one at the competitor. Good on the go grub for the flight too.
4	This place was a nice little airport cafe. The staff was super nice, the breakfast burrito was solid (not authentic, but exactly what I wanted -- eggs and bacon wrapped in a tortilla with some salsa to dunk it in), and the coffee was good. They kept things moving quickly, and were just so friendly and welcoming that I felt all warm and fuzzy as I waited on my 3 hours delayed flight x_X
4	Very nice modern coffee kiosk with friendly people serving you.  The coffee really amazed me, I went with low expectations just to get a cup of Java but I was wrong. I've got an Americano and the taste was balanced and with good flavour. It can sound not relevant at all but the design of the cup made with corrugated material feels very comfortable and you don't need to use any slid to don't burn your fingers.
5	Best chai tea latte in town!
5	The SKY Harbor location has awesome customern service! Michelle is very helpful and very kind. Their wine and kindness was just what I needed :)
2	I very unfortunately had a bad experience at this location this morning. I frequent the location in Scottsdale Quarter and love it there--people are friendly and the coffee is wonderful! It's clean and organized and the music is great. This location didn't have any of those things. The staff was rude and while it was busy, they need to learn to be friendlier, especially to someone who is actually being friendly. There were a couple rude people in front of me, but rude customers are a part of life. Treat every customer as a new experience. The counters were dirty, there was a weird sign with an old woman on it with some quote about not being offended by being carded--it looked like something that should be hanging up in a TGI Friday's. I think this establishment is really hurting the Press Coffee Brand name. Perhaps management should be instilling some better customer service practices? Everyone seemed unhappy and this comes from the top down. I would suggest going to the Starbucks near the a14 gates. The iced coffee was pretty good, but they were out of espresso at 7:30am. I hope the management makes some changes.
5	Awesome tasting chai tea latte! Whenever I have a stop over at Phoenix Intl airport, I insure I grab a chai latte and "the pressto" as well - these are small breadsticks along with three tasty sauces. Good enough for vegetarian like me.
3	I've been here twice for breakfast before flights.  Both times the coffee drinks were 5-star.  The first time I had an Americano, and this morning I had an iced mocha, made as lite as possible.  Rich and smooth.  I would drink their coffee any day.The bacon breakfast sandwich this morning on the English muffin had floppy bacon, a chewy egg patty, and a chewy, untoasted, but heavily microwaved English muffin.   I ate 1/3rd because I was hungry and had to let the rest go.  Not worth the $6.95 or whatever I paid for it.  1.5 stars.The young man taking the orders & money was friendly and fast.  5/5 stars.The young woman making the drinks was slower than shit and when she handed me my drink and thought she was sending me on my way, I mentioned I was waiting for a breakfast sandwich, which happened to be waiting for me in the window because I saw it delivered a few minutes prior.  Bell dinging to announce it and everything.She growled and groaned and went back to making coffee drinks.  Slower than shit.  Ok, missy.  -2 stars.When the nice young man at the register was finished with a customer he brought me my sandwich.  She seriously needs to work on her speed as a barrista and her customer service skills.  I got to sit and gnaw on my sandwich and watch the line grow and grow this morning.I'm easily entertained.Overall, I would come back because the coffee drinks are excellent.  If Young Miss Attitudey Judy is working, I may think twice.
5	Need a good cup of coffee and you're at Sky Harbor?  Head to terminal 4 and find Press Coffee down at the end of the terminal.  Their coffee is a fresh roast with a lite aroma and smooth finish.  I particularly like getting a double shot Americano with a little room.  It's very tasty and a great way to start your flight to wherever you're headed.  As you can see by my check ins I'm here a lot and its because of their coffee and service.   I hope to see you see there.
3	Adequate...Expensive...Entertaining...Could be faster.As an airport employee, I am working my way through the various food and beverage establishments at Terminal 4.  It makes sense to me that I should know and have an opinion about the places folks ask about.The location is a uniquely placed spot at the end of the concourse.  Not sure how the layout was settled on, but the combination order/service line is a bit confusing.  Try for one of the stools near the counter, just be careful that folks are going to be nudging through behind you as the service stop with napkins, etc., is strangely placed in the flow of traffic.11:30 AM, and there is no line at Press.  I step up to the counter and place my order for half a turkey wrap, salad and tea.  My guesstimate was that this might take 2 minutes to deliver...no such luck.  2 orders ahead of mine were served up, but it took 10 minutes for my order.  OK...not an unreasonable wait...until I was served.  The half a wrap...about 4 good bites.  The salad...about 6 good forkfuls...and the 16-ounce tea was all right.  For the price, $6.50, I was left wanting.It was OK.
1	The coffee is not that great, way too strong.  I love coffee but not this coffee.  Also, I tried the breakfast burrito.  It was even worse.   If I wasn't at the airport I would ask for my money back.  terrible, terrible, terrible.  I feel that I wasted my money.
1	I guess my palate just doesn't appreciate the coffee these guys serve up. For those of you you do like their stuff... Enjoy!
4	Drink and muffin were very good, airport prices.  The staff was very friendly and they serve Dr. Smoothie drinks!
4	I love local spots inside the airport, so much nicer than your typical airport fare.I had a delicious mango smoothie here. I'm not sure exactly what more there is to say about it other than the fact that it was great, and very mango-y.My husband liked his coffee.We'd definitely go again, and I want to check out their location in Scottsdale next time I'm in town.
2	Skip this place. The coffee tastes burned and stale. Service is far too slow for an airport.
4	Best food served fast in terminal 4 concourse B near gate B9- I have had the Napa Salad for lunch and the breakfast burrito for breakfast here and both were excellent.  They also make great cappucinos.  Most of the restaurants in this terminal all had salads premade in plastic boxes that looked identical.  Press Coffee made the salad fresh and it was outstanding.  Furthermore, the staff was friendly and helpful, which was the reason I first ate there, after waiting a long time at the place next door for a cashier that did not appear happy to be at her post.
1	Not super.I love Press Coffee - it has basically spoiled me for other coffees. The original shop is cute, nice, with awesome food and coffee, so of course I was really excited at the prospect of getting some yummy Press goodness at the airport.Alas, the airport location leaves lots to be desired. It is located in Terminal 4 by the B gates (opposite B8 and B10) It is quite small and serves wine and food in addition to the coffee stuff and pastries. I ordered my regular - Iced White Mocha with Almond Milk... no almond milk :( But not the end of the world. The guy working was quite nice - friendly, articulate, and considerate. Offered upsells of food, wine, etc to myself and the other customers he assisted while I was there. They only had one person working, who took orders and made the coffee - that meant that the process took longer than it probably should have, but no big deal.Their seating area is very small (5 seats at a countertop facing the walkway) and has a couple of outlets. The countertops were extremely grungy, which was pretty gross. I got my Iced White Mocha within a few minutes and grabbed a seat. It was a tad stronger than usual, but I wrote that off as just a difference in the place. THEN I got to the bottom of the cup and YUCK! All of the syrup was gathered in what seemed to be a half-inch deep, foul tasting sludge. It was awful. Completely ruined my experience and I had to go in search of gum or some other drink to clear the grossness out of my mouth. Also, they do not honor the frequent guest program that the original Press Coffee Shop has - not cool. When I asked about it, I was told that they don't get a lot of regulars - wha? Well, now I know why, I guess :( Anyhow, totally sad. I am in love with this movement to capture all of the great local Phoenix spots at the airport - but not when they're poor facsimiles so far from the original that you may as well not even use the same name.I think its a pretty new spot; hopefully they'll improve a bit over time.
1	All the food businesses in this concourse are supposed to open at 6:00AM.  Press didn't open until 6:20.  The nice employees said they were waiting for the manager to show up.  I like strong coffee, but the coffee here tasted terrible, especially for first thing in the morning, like the urn had not been clean out for some time.  I had a breakfast burrito, made with a tasteless cardboard whole wheat wrap, ice cold guacamole mix and ice cold salsa from a jar, some kind of tasteless gluey American cheese and egg loaf.  What a disappointment!  In the airport you are a captive audience and the competition is light.  Mr. Press Manager, please open your shop on time and get better ingredients.  Seems like you want to go out of business.  My visit was 09/29/13 6:23AM.
1	I ordered an iced sweet coffee, but got a warm coffee with a few melted ice cubes. Many other people were also getting warm iced coffees. I had to ask for more ice. It wasn't sweet, so I asked for more simple syrup. I had to pay an extra fifty cents, not something most places charge for. The coffee tasted really weird, something was wrong with it. The barista was also unfriendly. I hope they improve their coffee and their service. Worst iced coffee I've ever had, did not finish it.
5	Press Coffee is the perfect pick me up when hurrying your flight out of the B Gates. Kurt and Mike provide the ideal blend of great coffee and amazing service. Greetings and great music put you in the mood to take on the bustling holiday travel season. This is my frequent stop over. Sorry Starbucks. Perks to everyone at Press Sky Harbor!
3	Well this is a fairly new place to the airport. All the chains have left the airport pretty much. There are still a few.But a lot of them are independent, however HMS host has their hand in some,if not all. Not that that is a bad thing.Anyway I gave them a try one morning about 8:45. I am precise because, that is what it says on my receipt.The girl taking the order is not very happy and I think that it is very high priced.Yes even for the Airport.It is very confusing the way you get in line to order your coffee as well. You actually have to go through another place to get to the ordering station.Starbucks have all gone away from the inner part of the Terminal. 4 now. So you do have some choices. But, I cannot say a lot of great things about Lola's either.
4	The B gates do not have as many options for grab and go food.  This was my first time here and I enjoyed the wrap that I took on my flight.
5	Wo, a great place in the airport. Both the breakfast panini and the cappuccino were perfect and the service was incredibly helpful and friendly. I would definitely repeat the visit.
3	Went here after a great lunch at Zinburger to be sadly disappointed at the quality of our latte. My wife and I ordered a vanilla latte with an extra shot of espresso. The latte had way too much vanilla in it... No need to overcompensate with vanilla if someone orders a drink with an extra shot since they are likely more interested in the taste of the espresso. Overall, this place has a great vibe to have a latte with friends but comes up just short of making a good latte.
5	I had to sign up for yelp just so I could review this place. The entire staff is the most friendly I've encountered since...freakin' Disneyland maybe. They worked well together and were above and beyond happy and friendly. It shows that the company they work for takes care of them. Great job!!
5	I only tried the iced mocha so that's what I'm basing my review on, but it was amazing! Prices are decent except charging extra for whipped cream is kinda lame. Service was exceptional!
5	First time I've ever been to Press Coffee, will NOT be the last.  One of the best iced mocha's I've had in a long time.  And I have a lot of them.  This may even be better than the ones I make at home from my superauto espresso machine.  And the employees were amazingly friendly.  See you on my next flight!
4	In terminal B. Coffee, smoothies, sandwiches, wraps and charge your phone while you wait to depart. The panini is not the prettiest looking but very tasty and fulfilling. They are made to order also so you can adjust the ingredients. Not bad for airport food
5	Favorite Phoenix Area coffee spot and it is in the airport. :DSo happy there is more than Starbucks here. Sorry Starbucks, this is real coffee not adult milkshakes.
4	I'm becoming a regular with all my flights taking off next to it. Paninis are great and go well with my hazelnut latte
