5	Come on people... I don't even live in Phoenix and I know about Rito's. I grew up eating Mexican food (my dad is Mexican) and this is real Mexican food, no doubt about it. Rito's has been in the same location on 14th street for a long long time... I think around 30 years. There isn't a sign outside...you just have to know it's there.  Just look for the people walking out with smiles on their faces and to go containers in their hands.When I was there for lunch it was filled with city workers, parents with young kids, and retiree's who live in the neighborhood.  Rito's is family owned, and honestly, I think grandma does the cooking. Also, it's cash only. You pretty much have to know what you want when you get to the order window because the place is packed and they don't have time to answer your questions about what's in this and what's in that. After asking the other patrons in line what's the best,  they pretty much all said the same thing...Green Chili Burro...I think it was less than five bucks. I also ordered the beans and rice. My husband ordered the same thing. There was so much food that we could have easily shared one with all the extras...I guess we figured since it was so cheap it's be small...no way...HUMONGOUS!  We took it to go and ate it in the car...cheese, beans and rice were flying every where, the windows were steamed up...the car was rockin' cause we were soooo happy...I'm sure passers by thought something kinky was goin' on inside our car. Nope...just chowin' down on some damn good Mexican food. I hope I haven't given it away and blown the secret of Rito's by Yelping it...I love the fact that there isn't a sign, you have to know about it to know that it is even exists and it's a locals only kinda place.  The prices are right, the food rocks and it's family owned...what more could you ask for?
5	The food from this place is just fantastic.  I should preface this by saying that I have never been to the restaurant itself, and have just been the happy recipient of takeout.  Some of my fellow coworkers made it fairly clear that unless you're Mexican, you shouldn't be showing your face here, so they'd go pick up food for everyone and bring it back.  Just very simple and delicious Mexican food, great stuff.
5	Rito's... Hands down some of the tastiest mexican in town. If you like chain mexican, or have and nervousness about going to the "hood". then take your weak taste buds and your timid self elsewhere.If you do venture to Rito's you'll find amazing green chili burros and fantastic tacos awaiting you. It doesn't matter how often I go, It always seems like I forget how great this stuff is.Maybe it is chock full o' lard, maybe it has ground up unicorns or fairy dust, but whatever it is. It's magically delicious....
2	This by far is the most over rated green chile Ive ever has the displeasure of waiting an hour for! There are FAR better places in the valley that serve better green chile.. the tortillas however were awesome enough to go back for though with the lines of people I wouldn't even bother.
5	Guacamole Tacos. Green Chili Burritos. Literally the only two items you'll ever need to eat again. Every time I'm back home I have to go here. Do yourself a favor and make the trip.
5	Went there back in 2005 after reading the reviews on Citysearch before I left and couldn't pass up good Mexican food, even being from LA. My bf absolutely loved the place, especially the burros with chile verde and the chimichangas with red sauce. The tacos were great too. We sat outside and it took a while to get the food, but it was worth. I think it was the best meal I had while in that area. The only thing is that it's a little hard to find. I had a car with navigation, so it was a piece of cake, but it's tucked away in a neighborhood, so unless you're intentionally looking for it, you won't accidentally drive by it anytime.
5	Have you spent your days seeking the definition of perfection? Stop seeking and head over to Rito's and savor their state-of-the-art green chili burro. You'll experience eternal bliss and will realize that your search was indeed, well rewarded.I was there on 2/27/08 and noticed they've dropped tacos and tostadas from their offerings so if you're heart's set on those menu items, you might try another source. I think they could get by with limiting the menu exclusively to their green chili burro and still have people standing in line at 10:30 on a Wednesday morning - like it was when I was there!
5	Awesome food. My favorite is the bean, rice, and cheese chimi. It's delicious! They are a bit pricey, but worth it. They could totally have a great chain if they would expand, but I don't think it's ever going to happen. My husband has been going here (it's a house, in a neighborhood, with some picnic tables on the side of the house) since he was a kid growing up in that neighborhood.
5	I've frequented Rito's since the late 80's, way before it was cool to drive down through the Garfield neighborhood. One of the only positive things about working in the financial services industry is that no one seems to care if you take a 2 hour lunch in order to make your way in to "the hood" for some really good food.Lunch crowds are a mix of locals and lawyers, lined up shoulder to shoulder in a line that usually makes it way out the door. Take a dose of patience and a big appetite (oh and cash.... no plastic here).My favorite: the red mix burro enchilada style.... just typing that phrase makes my jaw shudder hannibal lecter style.
5	I'm from El Paso, Tx & I know well done Mexican food. Rito's is the closest I've found to the real deal here in Phoenix & I've checked out over 25 places here in the sun valley!  Have the green chili burro served enchilada style.
5	I had the pleasure of enjoying their anniversary special for a few precious days--Tacos were back briefly! Too late now, but those are some delicious corn treats. Green chile burro, succulently meaty and delicious as it is, comes second. If you're reading this, you're already ahead of the game--can't believe my dad never told me about this place.
4	Ritos, where the menu was too complicated when it contained both tacos and burros, so they've ditched the tacos, for now. It's just a shack of a house in Garfield, with no signage and nowhere to sit. Who cares? It's muy good.Rito's has its own very authentic homey style of chile sauces. You either love it, or not. Personally I love it. Most people seem to dig the green chile, but I get the same thing every time: Red Mixed (red chile and beans) Burro. This thing will explode on you. No matter how chewy and elastic the delicious tortilla is, that chile is coming out of there whenever it feels like it. For a while, I took to just turning it into a tortilla stew on the provided paper plate. But I have accepted the challenge of keeping it in burro form and am working toward the goal of containing the chile within the burro throughout the whole process. I'll update to 5 stars once I master this, or once the delicious tacos return, whichever comes first.Harder to get to now that I've moved out of the hood, but well worth the trip each time.
4	I am a harsh critic when it comes to Mexican Food.  My good buddy Paul talked me into coming to this place.  When I asked him what to expect, he was correct in saying: "Don't worry dude, just get the green on green with a taco on the side and watch the hood life unfold."  He was CORRECT!  This place is in the hood and they open at 10:30am for lunch.  The lines get long at about 11am.  They have a video game from the 80s while you wait. They serve drinks in THE CAN so I would suggest getting a 32oz thirstbuster beforehand.  If you go in the summer, you will be HOT in the summer heat as the only place to sit are at the picnic tables located OUTSIDE of course.  If you try to alter your order, you will be SCOWLED AT by the cashier.  However, if you treat her with respect, she will say something in spanish to the old heavy hispanic lady in the kitchen who stirs the chili and the fat lady will either NOD or shake her head.  All in all - a great place to eat!!
5	This is a no-brainer. Go. It has weird hours. Go. The menu is complicated. Go. Good Tex-Mex and Northern Mexican. I was born here and have spent a lot of time in Mexico. I don't mess around with OK Mexican places.No frills. No convenience. No BS. Great food.
4	This place is awesome! I first ate there ten years ago and not much has changed. There is never, ever, anything bad about seeing a bunch of old ladies in the kitchen cheffing up the goods.My personal favorite is the green chili mix burro. Tacos were awesome, but as long as the green chili, beans, and the perfect tortillas remain, I'm a major fan. I like sitting on the picnic tables with my paper plate and my can of fanta holding it down. Bring cash. Be patient. I'd give five stars if they were open later. I've never seen them open on weekends. Anyone know if I'm going at the wrong time?
5	There's a place in Yuma, AZ called Chili Pepper which has some of the best Mexican fast food I've ever eaten. Once I moved to Phoenix, there has been a great citywide search by a group of us Yumans to find someone here that reminds us of Chili Pepper's marquee entree: The Bean, Rice & Cheese Burrito (not tm). Carolina's came close. Juan's fell decidedly short. A few other run down shacks that we've tried have always been inconsistant or disappointing...One slow mid-morning at work we were trying to figure out a good fast place to get takeout and bring back to the office. Someone mentioned Ritos. Someone mentioned that they have the best bean and cheese burrito. My ears perked up. Upon arriving I noticed that they actually have a bean, rice and cheese burrito on the menu, something that most places have never heard of.The burrito itself was HUGE. The salsa can be purchased in a large enough container that the whole burrito can be dipped in (don't laugh, this is an important aspect) and provides enough flavor and kick to compliment the beany goodness inside. After going there 3 times in one week, I am ready to declare this place even BETTER than my once perfect Chili Pepper.
4	This place is affectionately called the "soupy burro" around the office. On my way there, my fellow lunchies warned about three things:1)Be cautious of the aluminum plate they serve the burro in, its 2 degrees hotter than the deepest realm of hell and will singe your arm hair if you get too close. 2)The enchilada style burro with a side of beans is two parts molten lava, one part devils breath and two parts awesome. Be warned.3)If you happen to get the burro traditional (without enchilada sauce) try it Gary style.(He's a guy a work) Get a side of rice with your burro and eat directly over the rice bowl because the burro WILL explode  at some point and it is better to catch the molten lava goodness with your rice than on your pants. Unless you want to melt your legs off.All in all, it is good stuff. Small menu, outside seating, cash only, No sign on the building. Sometimes you have to arm-wrestle a junk-yard dog for a place to sit but its worth it.
4	great little patio with good food. be ready for a line and for informal dining. but in a good way. best to go when weather is nice.
5	The Best Bean Burro Enchilada Style EVER!!
5	This is another one of my absolute favorites in AZ. I've heard some folks pan on other boards but I just flat out don't get it. For people visiting AZ, this is a must go imo. My relatives visiting from Australia requested it as their last meal on their way out of town.First of all, I'm not a big green chili fan. Second of all, Rito's green chile burro is one of my top 3 bites in all of AZ.Tortillas are amazing (homemade), beans are amazing (I guess I'm still a big fan of lard). Unbelievably, beans seem to get even better when you microwave them from the fridge the next day too.I love the character of the place. It's run by a mother, her daughters & some other relatives. They do what they do & are who they are & don't really care beyond that. I've heard it compared to the Soup Nazi from the Seinfeld episode. My first visit, I did get that vibe but the ladies have been super sweet many, many times. It is a bit tough to find, they have short hours, they only take cash and as the sign says, do NOT approach the window on your cell phone.  I think at present they quit making tacos because they were too much work & the mom has had some health issues. So basically you get what you get. I say get the green chile burro.So they are who they are & do what they do, take it or leave it. I love it.As far as the shop, it's basically just a barred window counter you order from, you pick up your food & go outside & eat on picnic-like tables. They are open only M-F from 9 - 5ish. Close even a bit earlier on Fridays I think. They're on 14th street just south of Roosevelt right across from the school. You'll just see a screen door & that's it. If it's around lunch time, you'll probably see a line as well.I think the short hours & no evenings, no weekends even add to the obsession for me. Scarcity makes it even more desired.Right now, I cannot believe how much I'm craving this food.BTW, the warning about scalding food & soupy burrito are right on. Ended up with a bunch of scalding green chili in my lap my first visit.
5	Four words make me salivate:  Rito's.  Green.  Chili.  Burro.  I am actually salivating as I write this on a full stomach.  It's damn the diet kind of food because this is one of life's great pleasures.The most important thing about Rito's green chili burro is avoiding a blowout.  A blowout is defined as recklessly biting into the burro and putting too much pressure on the bottom of the tortilla.  This creates a hole in the tortilla and the stew drips all over you.  Not only do you lose out on the greatness of the broth, but you have a mess on your hands.  Avoid a blowout at all costs.The best method I have found is to massage the burro from the bottom up so as to get some of the liquid to the top of the tortilla.  Then when you start taking your first few bites, suck in when you bite.  This ensures you get plenty of liquid with each bite and you sufficiently reduce the pressure on the bottom of the tortilla.If the unfortunate occurs and you do experience a blowout, the best course of action is to remember the three second rule and quickly lick up all the broth on your hands, fingers, and table.  Sometimes it happens to the best of us so don't be too hard on yourself.
5	The bean and cheese chimichanga will destroy your universe and rebuild it as a place that is a stranger to suffering and pain, a beautiful world of rainbows and unicorns.worth waiting in line.
4	Muy bueno!  Here's a hidden treasure in the old Garfield barrio.  It's located right next to Garfield Elementary School, so if you passed the school, you went too far.  When you go in, it's like going into someone's house and ordering from their kitchen.  This place is a total hole-in-the-wall.  Also important to note that it is a cash-only establishment.They only serve burritos & chimichangas NO TACOS.  Their burritos are extremely runny but extremely yummy and will literally explode in your mouth.  I recommend ordering a dozen tortillas on your way out.  Check out Rito's when you're feeling adventurous and wanna hang out the locals in the barrio.
5	I seriously thought I was going to cry the day the sign went up: No more tacos. Sorry. This is not a punishment! ~Rito'sBut in reality it doesn't matter because everything else on Rito's menu is so wonderful you won't miss the tacos. My favorite - red burro, enchilada style. Amazing.A couple of things to remember about Rito's:-No inside seating, which makes it difficult in the summer.-No credit cards accepted.-They are always busy, so expect to wait.-No use in calling in an order. Every time I have I have waited anyway.The last time I was there, my lunch companion said "I love Carolina's, but this really is the best Mexican food in town." Even though I am a HUGE Carolina's fan, I have to agree.P.S. Word on the street is they occasionally make tacos. If anyone wants to tip me off on taco day, I would greatly appreciate it!
4	Had the Green Chile Burro Enchilada Style, with Green sauce - as recommended. La Bomba. I am going to try to frequent this place in the future. I enjoyed the experience. Plenty of customers from all walks of life; Businessmen, families, etc. When I came up to the counter, I was greeted by some very friendly and upbeat employees, and when I asked "what's good here?" they replied "the service!". I totally agree. About $20 for two to eat your fill, and have a nice relaxing lunch on the patio at the benches. Even the hot-ass 103F plus sun didn't seem to faze me until I was walking back to the car... A PHX favorite. Who says we don't have culture in the Valley??? Oh yeah, CASH ONLY - NO ATM. Grab a $20 at the Circle K around the block.
5	this will be short and sweet....GREENCHILEBURROENCHILADASTYLEIt absolutely does not get any better than Rito's - and yes, as mentioned by others, they do still on occassion make tacos - but they really are not needed when they have the bestGREENCHILEBURROENCHILADA STYLEin town.
5	Delicious.  Per most the recommendations I read here on Yelp I had the Green Chile Enchilada Style.  The burrito was large and a bit spicy, very good.  I can't recommend it enough.  There were a few minor negatives.  Service is a bit slow, no fountain soda and menu options are limited to burritos, chimis and a couple of tostadas, but as long as you know this going in you will be very happy.  Bottom line = Great food at reasonable prices.  They were also serving Tacos when I was there 8/3/09.  I've noticed some reviews say they stopped serving them, but they must on occasion.  They are not back on the menu, but they had a cardboard sign at the counter stating that they were for sale that day.Lastly, it has been stated in other reviews, but in case you missted it Rito's is Cash Only.
4	This place is great. Everyone knows that the best mexican food can either be found in businesses located inside of a strip mall or an old house. They stick to what they know, the green chile/bean burro was ridiculously good.
3	No tacos!!!! without the tacos...... I won't be back but loved the tacos.......I used to rate it 5 stars... The taco sauce was great too... You could still taste them four hours later.  the line out the door unless you show up before 11 am. the lack of parking. cash only. nasty falling apart tables with zero shade unless you want to sit under that tree on fresh bird shit. No more tacos. No more Ritos. I had this stupid friend from New Hampshire  who tried to go at night and a cop asked him what the hell was he thinking? The cop said get the hell out of here! It was testament to how good the tacos were though.
5	Eating this Green Chili burro, green chili enchilada style is like  winning the lottery 3 times in a row.This has to be one of the greatest food stuff I had ever eaten in my life. Perfect blend of spice and all the other goodness.Even when I burped it up, I wished for chunks to come up so I could re-eat it again.If I could give it 12 stars I would! I need to quit my job and just live in their patio area and eat these until I die.Cash only, open Monday - Friday, 9am - 4pm.
2	I went to Ritos expecting that I would love it, I have other friends that swear by this place and we have pretty similar taste. They had been telling me for months to go try out Ritos, so one afternoon I finally dragged myself over there. I went between 11 -  12 and there was no line and just a few people outside, I ordered a burrito aaaaand MEH. I don't get it, it wasn't a very good burrito. It wasn't bad or anything, but I didn't really enjoy it and almost didn't want to finish it. I told my friends this and they disowned and vowed to never talk to me again. I decided I better try to save my friendships and make sure my taste buds didn't die or something so I went to Carolinas the next day and their food was amazing as usual. So apparently something is wrong with me because I don't think Ritos is the greatest ever and now my friends won't ever talk to me again. I might go back to try Ritos again someday, but only because I value my friendships...
4	Lots of flavor, their enchilada sauce is off the hook, order anything "enchilada style" and you will not be disappointed. Great food, great price.
5	This place is the best! They stopped doing tacos, but if your lucky! they do have them call before you go! Some outside seating (picnic tables) no seating inside. Take away only.They also have another location!!! Yea! In a strip mall on 51 ave & orangewood. They do serve "tacos" at this location!
4	Red burro enchilada style with rice and a Diet Coke. Eat it out on the patio with the stray dogs. I love it.
4	Ok so one warning they do not accept anything accept cash. both the red and green burritos are amazing the tenderness of the meat shows they take time making it. The menu is small and straight forward seating is all outside. Place can be hard to find for the first timer so watch for a red brick building with metal security doors at 15th St. Garfield. Now I'm craving it...haha oh one more thing its only open for lunch.
4	A friend told me about Rito's, referring to it as reminiscent of Seinfeld's "The Soup Nazi" place.  Okay, so there is no surly Eastern European dude barking at you, but it does have the whole waiting in a long line, preparing a head of time what you'll order, and leaving with a delicious meal feeling.  Yes, this place is busy. Depending on when you go, there may be a line outside the building, and a tedious wait.  But all of that is in comparison to the heartbreaking, taste-bud savoring meal you will have.I've had their infamous green chile burro and their just as famous (I think everything on the menu is famously good) bean burro.  And, of course, both have been enchilada style.  I can't even imagine not having their complexly flavored sauce smothered all over my burros. My next menu try?  Well, they aren't even on the menu, but their tacos.  I guess you just have to ask for them, and if they made them that day, you can claim it to be your lucky day. The portions are huge and the prices are small.  A great business model, in my opinion!  And, I'm sure one of the many reasons why people keep coming back to Rito's. I know I will be!
4	Delicious!!!! Get either the Red or Green chili burro Enchilada style.... and get some extra sauce too..... Most people seem to go after the green chili with red sauce.... I kind of liked the red chilli a little better... both spectacular!!
5	Let's get one thing straight, this is New Mexican style food. And its delicious. Watch out for the lunch crowd, as the line builds out the door by 12pm. As everyone else seems to agree, go with the chili (either red or green) burro, enchilada style. The best thing about it is the New Mexican style sauce.If you're looking for authentic Mexican, there's better.
5	Oh man, this is so good. But everything is full of lard.  I leave here every time with a huge stomach and go home and take a nap for a few hours afterwards.   But so so good.
5	My ex took me here a few years ago and when we walked in I thought to myself what the hell is he thinking and I refused to order anything, after he got his food he forced me to try it and I did. OMG it was so good we rushed back over and I ordered some tacos and have been hooked ever since. The tacos are a little pricy and grease but they are the best, I have drove about 12 miles on a short lunch break just to get these addictive tacos. If you have never been you need to go but make sure it is after lunch and before 5.Great food
5	Oh man! I normally love mission style burritos with a ton of different things in them but this place makes me love one ingredient burritos. You cannot lose with their green chili burrito. I prefer getting the burrito enchilada style because the sauce is absolutely perfect and it is covered with cheese. (who doesn't like cheese?)Its a no frills place with a simple menu and everything is great.Tacos are not served every day but if you happen to be there when they are being sold they are worth trying. If you go to phoenix and want awesome take-out mexican food; this is the spot.
5	I've just remembered another benefit of Rito's!Hadn't been in months, but whilst dragging a Rito's virgin (my friend John) for his first visit, we lucked into a rare taco day. YAY!But that's not the benefit... the new upside is what happened to my downside. I ate about 2000 calories and spent the rest of the day getting rid of about 5000 calories. Went in fast, came out faster!Eat delicious food - lose weight. Nothing better.
5	I drove up to this place and wasn't sure I was in the right spot but then I saw a little open sign and cars kept parking and going in so I followed. I was tempted to get the green burrito enchilada style because everyone on here said to. And everyone before me in line was ordering it. But I had exploring to do so I figured if I got something crunchy I'd be able to pick it up and eat it in the car. I got back to the car and opened my rice and bean chimichanga expecting it to be a regular sized fried burrito and omg it was huge! It was topped with sour cream and guacamole  so I thought I would just cut it all up and then eat it as I drove. I took one bite. Then another. Then another. And before I knew it it was gone. And I hadn't even left the parking lot. I feel ashamed. My only complaint is that this place is not in Sacramento.Edit: I went back yesterday with the mom and we got a green chili burrito enchilada style. Couldn't resist. This time we ate outside. And it was yummy
3	Their food is so good they need metal bars to protect it. Seriously the order and pick up windows are behind bars, but it may be due to the neighborhood.This is a place the Yelp is good for. There is no way you will find this driving by as its off the main road and has no sign on the outside. The only indication was the line of people going out the door.  Seating is limited to some dilapidated picnic tables on the adjacent patio. The menu board is quite simple only listing burritos and chimi changas and tostadas, apparently there are some off menu options that are not posted.I ordered the a bean chimi changa, It was a bean burrito deep fried and then dolloped with guacamole and sour cream there was cheese sprinkled on top of this. It was served on a small bed of shredded lettuce in a white container.The Beans are flavorful and runny like a bean dip, the fried tortilla was great a it should be, the guacamole was a neon green fake variety and the sour cream was cold and firm . There were down sides, the price was a bit steep considering the location, potion size and lack of seating. They ration the hot sauce and charge $.15 for a thimble or $.50 for a small cup.  Drink are cans of soda only. And the line was long and poorly structured. this is why it only gets 3 stars, the food is good but the drawbacks hurt it. Also Note CASH ONLY
4	Red Chile Burro, Enchilada Style. DONE AND DONE!Show up on Saturday or Tuesday and you MIGHT be blessed with tacos made by Nana. I've been coming here for 5 years (which makes me a newbie) and while at first I thought the burros were a bit off in the red chile/tortilla ratio, you won't forget the flavor of the red chile. One morning, you'll wake up after a night of too much fun and CRAVE Rito's.Family owned and operated this little gem is worth the weight (and wait) in gold. Just don't forget...cash only!
4	Well, I finally know where Rito's is. It's in the hood, surrounded by scary shit I don't like. Went to Rito's for lunch (don't think they are open for dinner nor would I go if they were) on the day after super bowl and every creepy tattooed head cholo in the neighborhood was there. I was freaked the hell out through my entire meal wondering if I should really be there. I grew up around these people, in Maryvale, and regularly go to Sunnyslope and have no issues. Maybe it was the fact there were no other white people nearby, and I was in the middle of a residental neighborhood, which made me feel as though I had walked into some gang's territory. I was still able to eat my meal though. I ordered the red chimi enchilada style. OH SNAP! That was the best chimi I think I have ever had. The food here is not eally cheap perse, but it is a cheap restaurant if that says anything. I wholeheartedly felt that I would go back on a regular basis if not for two things 1) it weren't in the location it's in and 2) it weren't so high fat.At least go try it once, and take CASH.
4	Rito's easily has the best red chile and beans in the world, maybe even universe- now that Pluto is not a planet. Don't be scared by the wussies that say the area is scary- I guess when you live in Sun City- the big city can be scary. On any given day the place will be packed with city workers, CPAs, medical staff from Good Sam, teachers and the occasional sketchy dude. This family owned spot puts out amazingly good food. The menu is limited-but it's all about quality not quantity. I do not feel that the food is overpriced at all. You are buying fresh made food with soul-if you want heartless crap hit Taco Hell on McDowell. If you live a charmed life and they're selling tacos when you are there- for the love of heysoos- buy three. The guacamole tacos are amazing. If they were to become illegal- I would rob old people so I could support my habit.If only they would step up their game and offer fountain drinks- that would be great. Cans of soda do not help during hot summer months.
4	The best enchilada style burros in town.  And if you like New Mexican style food, possibly the best anywhere.  I go there about twice a year, yet think about it twice a week.  It's like a drug for me.  I have to ration myself fearing I'd become an addict.  I only go before 11:45 or after 1:30 for obvious reasons.  (Keep that between us please). There is limited outdoor seating and to-go isn't an option for me.  I couldn't possibly resist smelling the food while I drive back.  Tips:Bring cashBe weary of wearing a white shirtExpect to share your air space with a few flies.  The tables are mesh, so scratch anything white.Ritos 101 - Green or red chili burro, enchilada sytle...GET REAL!!!
4	The first time I went to Rito's, my coworker and I happily drove off, chatting about how we couldn't wait to get back to the office to finally see what all the fuss is about.  Well we truly could NOT wait. We had to pull in at the parking lot of a church, not one block away from there because the aroma was just too much! Honest!Rito's wouldn't be as fun without the Soup-Nazi attitude of the people running the joint.  I think it's hilarious. It's a Phoenix landmark and a MUST for out-of-towners.And they CAN be that way to us. They can require cash only. Make you keep your mouth shut unless ordering EXACTLY what is on the VERY LIMITED menu and nothing more.  As far as ordering goes, I ought to add that the word "ordering" is misleading. We don't "order" our lunch at Rito's. We request.These people are serious and so am I. I want my bean/cheese/enchilada style and I will do whatever it takes to get it. Don't come with me and get an attitude with them or I'll rip your head off. I will NOT be 86ed from Ritos on account of you! But you can cry on my shoulder as I wolf down my burrito. I understand.Only thing I want to correct, which I think is unfair in some other reviews: the neighborhood isn't as bad as people like to say. Yeah there is gang activity, but come on. When was the last time some innocent person just getting their lunch was assaulted or shot in the Garfield neighborhood?  Can't remember? That's because the trouble makers usually make trouble for themselves and each other and don't usually bother the rest of us. Bottom line, if you can't handle central phoenix, stick with your local tacobell/pizzahut/kentuckyfriedchicken drive thru in anthem.
5	This place has central phoenix written all over it. I've ate her a few times and both times it has been delicious. It's just one of those places where you can just feel the "Phoenician" in. Personally, I love the tacos, but they only serve them on a few days. The green burritos enchilada style are also a favorite. The venue is cute and comfy, very minimal. It's also pretty hood, but unless you're from Ohio or something, it's not too sketchy. There are bright painted picnic tables outdoors. The crowd is diverse, from office workers, familys, youngsters ect. Everyone is there to just grab some yummy food and eat. I like the fact that it's in a neighborhood, it's a nice feel. It's very busy during lunch hours, so any time after 1:30 is perfect to drop by and grab a bite. :)
3	I fear the backlash, but I must be honest. I thought it was meh.We managed to get in before the crazy line; it helped that it was raining outside.Got the Green Chile Burrito Enchilada style as recommended.  Good quality meat; sauce was ok. I think I would have preferred the burrito dry but with their hot sauce.Hubby felt the same about his Red Chile Burrito.  I'm always happy to patronize a local mom&pop place, but I don't see all the hype.  Am I just spoiled by LA Mexican food?  Perhaps.
5	The best enchilada style burrito I have ever had. If you catch them on a day they are making tacos... you are in for a treat. short and sweet :)
4	Ritos, you make damn good burritos!I FINALLY made it down to Ritos on a day off several months back.  I had been hearing about this place from a friend who works downtown and frequently stops in for lunch.  Unfortunately for me I work in North Scottsdale and this place is only open M-F during lunch hours. Ritos is pretty much a hole in the wall.  The screen door entrance in a neighborhood setting makes you wonder if you have the right place or will be walking in on a family sitting in their living room watching television.  There is no seating inside and only a few options on the menu.  I ordered the green chili burrito with rice and beans which was one of the best I've ever had.  The meal had probably about 2,000 calories and was worth every bite!  There is picnic table seating outside which would be perfect this time of year...summer, not so much.One day, I will return again!  Suggestion - at least be open even for just a little bit on Saturday or Sunday...pretty please?!
4	I am so very sad that I don't work anywhere near Rito's, because I would frequent them for lunch if I did! Instead I am left with being able to go once in a while when I am either home for lunch or just happen to be in this part of town.I was lucky enough to be in this part of town a few weeks back, which  was why I was able to try Rito's for the first time. I went along with the many suggestions on Yelp and ordered the Green Chile Burrito Enchilada Style. I also ordered a side of Refried Beans. They were both full of flavor and worth every penny. I don't mind the price so much if my Mexican food is worth it! The amount of food was enormous! I had enough for a snack the next day! I am looking forward to going back as soon as I possibly can!!Thank you Yelp! Once again you succeeded in helping me find a really great place to eat!
3	I've gotta go with A-OK on this one. Not quite ready to commit to being "a fan," yet. To me, being "a fan" would mean I would be willing to drive from North Central Phoenix all the way downtown, devil-may-care style on a work day, to wait in line and put up with the slamming of the metal door every time a customer's lunch order was fulfilled. (That's not a complaint, mind you. It was cool. All part of the charm.)You see, dinner is not an option. They're only open until 4. That said, I obeyed Robert M.'s instructions and ordered a green chile burrito, enchilada style with a side of beans. The beans were runny but good for dipping my bites of burrito. The sauce that made it  "enchilada style" had a good heat. I was pleased. It was "A-OK." I'd go back. Just probably not devil-may-care on a work day.
3	It was just that A-Ok, nothing that special.We got a red and a green burrito enchilada style. The meat was really tender, but other than that it lacked that over the top flavor I'm looking for. The prices are pretty cheap, and the place is definitely authentic but that doesn't always automatically put it in the awesome category.
4	Now while i am not a huge fan of Mexican food...my  wife is and that is why i am reviewing this place...because she sends me to this "hood" on a regular basis. When we were here in June she went twice in the same week and i have already there again since we moved here. She loves the the Burrito enchilada style with green sauce and rice and beans. I promise you when you get this food they put it in a container that keeps it hot for at least 3 hours...and i mean hot people. Now there are only about 5 items on the menu...and i will post those pics as well...and you will see that this Mexican food is expensive.Despite all of that though there is always a crowd at this neighborhood spot...and you will see people from all walks of life there for lunch every single day. Now noticed i said lunch because they only stay open to about 4pm and then they are ghost folks...LOL. So i have to say if you want authentic Mexican food and don't mind going to the "hood" to get it...it will be the best 8 bucks you ever spent on Mexican food...at least that's what my wife thinks...LOL. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!
5	I am from the San Francisco Bay area, on business in Phoenix. Let me keep it simpler and straight to the point; Rito's makes the best wet burrito  that I have ever had, the tender seasoned beef, and rich smoky enchilada sauce is absolutley incomprable. You must be able to 'move,' in a real neighborhood so if you are the 'coorprate,' type, keep your sorry behind in the hotel! If you are, however, a real person who likes real mexcan, A Rito's burro is as good as it gets! PS-really friendly customer service, and sweethearts behingd the counter make for an even better experience!
4	Rito's is as good as they say. One of my coworkers is moving in a month and we've pledged to go to Rito's at least once a week because she knows how much she'll miss it when it's gone. Everyone loves their green chili burro but I just wanted to put a plug in for their tostadas; I always get a bean tostada and a guacamole tostada. So delicious and flavorful but you won't get that heavy, sleepy, mid-afternoon food coma that their burros tend to induce.I echo all the negatives prior reviewers have mentioned: the staff is often rude, they only accept cash (seriously?), it's situated in a random not-so-nice neighborhood, and there's only crappy picnic table seating. But I still think the positives outweigh these significant gripes, I just recommend taking it to go and eating it back at the office! Mmm now I'm craving a guacamole tostada...
5	Since I moved to San Francisco, I have sometimes contemplated going to Phoenix, buying as many Rito's burritos as I could afford, and bringing them back to my freezer for emergencies.  I LOVE this place.  This is real Mexican food.  They serve salad with the Mexican food here in the bay.  If this place opened up on Geary in SF, there would be lines around the block!  Have a Red Chili and bean burrito enchilada style with a taco.  You will come back.
4	Oh Rito's, how you haunt me.  I know you're not good for me.  You're really not working with my intentions of "getting into shape" and "eating better."  Oh well, you are so delicious.  Rito's is a cute little hole in the wall in the middle of a residential neighborhood.  In my younger, less adventurous years I wouldn't have stopped here.  I would have missed out.They only have a few options - red chile vs green chile, burrito vs chimi, rice and beans or no.  That pretty much covers it.  But what they lack in variety, they make up for in quality.  It's gooey, cheesy and delicious.  My personal favorite which I get nearly every time is the green chile chimi enchilada style.  If you don't know, enchilada style means smothered in sauce and cheese.  Sure it's messy, but it doesn't get any tastier.Don't believe there is indoor seating, so you are left either taking it to-go or sitting on their outdoor patio.  That's all well and good when it is 70 degrees out.  But 100+ with humidity?  I'll take mine to go for now.  Definitely worth a try if you enjoy mexican food.  My only other complaint is that they close early (4pm, I believe) so dinner is not an option.
5	This place is fantastic, and is one of the reasons I love Yelp.  I would have never found this place otherwise, even if you spotted me the square mile that it's located in.  It's the ultimate hole-in-the-wall, and the best Mexican food I've ever eaten.I have some thrilling news to share.  THERE IS ANOTHER RITO'S (opened by the son of the owner).  It's every bit as good and may be more convenient for you.  It's at 51st Ave. and Orangewood - Rito's Burritos in the little strip mall.  Naturally I tested the green chile burro enchilada style and it was exactly the same, right down to the oversized pie plate.  Ahhh...Don't worry, for those that are concerned Rito's is going corporate, the new place still has those stylish iron bars between you and the kitchen, and although it has bathrooms, they are perpetually "under repair," according to the glossy, pre-printed sign they've mounted on the wall.  And of course it's still cash-only.  So they have preserved that special charm. I know this will make the line longer at the new place, but it would be unfair not to share the good news, especially when I learned about the original from here.  Enjoy!
4	Green Chili Burrito Enchilada style.  They only make a few items, it's in da hood, and there is a line of people in suits out front every time I go. Just one drawback, and it's no surprise, they take cash only.  That just sucks cuz sometimes I want to stop even when I don't have cash in my pocket.  Also, I think the hours are somewhat limited to just lunch.  Rito's is a WIN.
2	I have to say I was a bit disappointed. I drove 40 minutes out of my way to have one of these great green chile burritos...I was at least expecting pulled beef, not beef squares.  The sauce was decent, had a good kick, but there was wayyy too much of it with no chips to eat it with? SHAME on them for no chips and salsa!!!!! For $8 there was very little amount of beef inside swimming in green chile sauce-How did they get all that green chile sauce to stay in there!? We ate it on the picnic tables outside in the 107 degree heat while we got bitten by ants.  It's a pretty sketchy neighborhood, so I would make this a lunch time experience if you must try it for yourself.  Come packin' some heat if you don't want to end up like 'boys in da hood' LOL
4	Well, it's been over a year since last time I ate here. Rito's isn't exactly close to work, but I decided to have the same thing. Green burro, enchilada style and it was just as good as I remembered it to be. This sauce has to be made from scratch, it taste like the home made sauce that mom would use when making the Christmas tamales. Wow! pure heaven.
5	the sun shines again when i eat a rito's green chili burrito, and double rainbows appear when i eat the tacos.
5	How could this have anything other than a 5 star review?!?!All the losers that don't appreciate a small menu can... you know, shove where yo mamma don't wanna see.The green burrito is amazing on its own.  Try the chimi-green-mix, or better yet, try the chimi-green-mix-enchilada style.  YOUR TASTE BUDS WILL HAVE ORGASMS!!!  I'm serious...
4	Yummy.Green chili chimichanga enchilada-style is the way to GO. I got the plain green chili burro and was basically making my own enchilada-style with the sauce, guac and other toppings from my boyfriend's plate. It was amazing. You pay extra for the enchilada-style, for guac, for cheese and even for extra hot sauce (it's homemade). Though still not expensive, the pricier your meal gets, the more delicious it gets. It's worth a bit more to add extra flavor to the burros, which I actually thought was rather plain without my doctoring.Rito's is a cash-only take out place with some picnic tables outside, and at lunch time it was hopping with people. The only negatives I can see are that it's set up sort of like a bank teller, so you feel quite disconnected to the staff the whole time. I also couldn't find the bathroom to wash my hands after my messy food, nor could I find any extra napkins.
4	Was my first time eating at Rito's. I knew that I wanted the Chimi-Enchilada Style. My friend suggested I do the Red. I have no idea what the difference is. We ordered a side of rice and my friend suggested to pour the rice in the container over the sauce. It was very delicious. I am all for dives but this place was not the best set-up for eating in so we took the food to a park and ate it. The crowd is a nice mostly working class lot's of utility type workers. They only take cash and the drinks are canned but cold. Very simple limited menu but it is good.
4	Best green chili burritos in the valley! Enchilada-style is excellent, but regular style is just as good. They have tacos and tostadas every once in a while, but I wasn't impressed. They just don't compare to the burritos. The red chili burrito is best with beans, enchilada style with a side of rice, but you have to go with the GREEN chili burrito first if it's your first time. I never get anything else now.
3	I think Rito's is overpriced for what you get. The burritos look huge because they use an over sized tortilla that hides the tiny amount of meat they use so most bites are filled with tortilla not meat. If the green chile burrito I ordered was filled with meat then maybe it would be worth $8. The beans were above average and I thought their salsa was amazing even though they charge 25 cents for two tablespoons of it. I expected to be blown away by the food here but it tasted just like the food I grew up eating. It made me want to hug my mom :)
4	it does Not get more REAL than this my friends.As I journey deeper into the Mexican Culture I find so many jewels.  Ritos Mexican Take out steps out to be a staple for what Phoenix has to  offer.Wow, Green Chili Burritos! I love the bee burritos, and defiatly has a spicy kick to it.  Take a Venture into a Phoenix neighborhood to find great burritos and tacos on Tuesdays. Ah the Haters,   this place is so good it has started a small group of haters blogging about their disappointment.   I find this hater yelp phenomenon in many great restaurant concepts.  If so many people love the place the force is balanced with a group of haters that must respond to so many positive comments.  Destination location for sureLet me know what you think, Kevin
5	Rito's Mexican food is as good as it gets. Literally "hole in the wall" kind of place. Everything made is fresh and made to order. The bean burrito enchilada style is what I always get and it's awesome. When they have tacos, those too are really good, some of the best I've had. This is a go to place if you're in the area and just want a quick lunch. Great people and amazing food!
5	My mouth is salivating just from writing this review. I recently moved out of state and out of everything, friends included, Rito's Burritos are what I miss most. Juicy burritos full of flavor and filling as well... which means a lot to me because I eat like a man....Although the staff all look/act like they're employed against their will... that's the only bad thing I can say about this place. Delicioso!
5	Absolutely amazing! Pretty much take a guess and pray they are open.. Tried several different weekends and they were on siesta.Worth the wait! The drive! Whatever sacrifice you need to make, do it.To give you an idea of how much my honey and I love this place... I am 6 months prego with our first child, you would think he has pictures of me on his phone. Kid you not it is a picture of his burrito at Ritos!
1	This place used to be really good. They made the best tacos (which they don't make anymore) and green chili. The green chili has gone down hill you can tell they are cutting corners. They have raised their prices which is completely unjustified due to the quality going down. This place has now become nothing more than an eye sore and nuisance to the local neighborhood. Close your doors and move on.
4	Maybe one of the best bean and cheese burritos I have ever eaten....except the beans were so runny it was like thick soup in a flour tortilla.  The place is in an old house with seating outside, cash only and just like Chipotle there are 3-4 items on the menu.  Either you get a burrito, chimi, or tostada with either beans, red, or green chili.  You probably cant go wrong with anything here since this place has obviously been open here forever and the service is OK but that is how it goes with authentic Mexican food places.  I'll go back soon....
5	best burritos in Phoenix, quick, quality that you don't find many places.  If you happen to come on a day that they are making tacos too you have to try them!
5	I'm pretty sure that my mom fed me Rito's bean burritos in the womb. My family has picked up takeout burritos from here since as far as I can remember. You know, back when (my hood) Coronado and Garfield neighborhoods were considered the ghetto instead of historic! :) That said, the building is small and traditional Mexican style with brick arches donning the ranch-style architecture and nothing more than a couple of plastic chairs to sit on while you wait for your order. I remember the days when this was the best kept secret in town, but I am glad they're gaining some more momentum and praise! Quite simply, this is my favorite burrito of all time. Their beans are so delicious due to their salty, runny, lardy goodness, and I beg that they never ever change!  The tortillas that they wrap them in are heavy duty and freshly made and ever plentiful! There is nothing more original than these and nothing quite like them in the rest of the Valley! Hallelujah, Rito's burritos, you are fond memories in my past, part of the joy in my present, and I always look forward to you in my future!
5	The best enchilda sauce and red chili con carne that I have ever had.   The flavors epitomize the Soronan Style of Mexican cuisine.  I recommend the red chili burrito - enchilada style.  As for the restaurant itself, it is a 'take out' restaurant with outdoor seating, only.   In short, words cannot expalin how delicious the food is.   You have to try it for yourself.
5	Green Mixed Chimi, you are the death of me!Rito's is the In and Out of mexican food. Made with great products and frankly their lack of selection is what makes them so good. Make good food and make it right.Best Chimi that has ever entered my mouth.My waistline is somewhat grateful that there is not a chain of Rito's especially with in 10 minutes of my house. Rito's is always a treat when I am downtown working. Oh and the counter help is pretty easy on the eyes to.... And they laugh at my jokes so hey, winning!
5	Best food ever!!!  Just need tacos back.  I have been eating here since 1982 and have been a loyal customer ever since.  Best beans and green chili in town!
5	Probably eat here 3 times a week. This is the best green chile burrito enchilada style ever!
5	When I meet people from out of town and they ask me "Where do we go to get really good, authentic Mexican food?" my answer will always and forever be RITOS!DEEEEE-LICIOUS chimichangas and the best green chile this side of any freaking river. Occasionally they will have a daily special, but most days it's just the 6 to 8 things they have to chose from on their little menu board. They don't advertise it, but they will make cheese crisps for your little ones. My daughter still hasn't gotten into eating beans or spicy chicken or beef, and a couple of times they made her a quesadilla.Don't be put off by the super huge line of people coming out the door, you will want to wait for this food. Make sure you have the time to find parking and wait. The reward is worth it.It's cash only and they close a little after lunch time. They have canned sodas for you to sip on and a small patio around the corner for you to sit and enjoy your food.Seriously. SO GOOD!
5	Heaven in the 'Hood!October 15th, 2010 - The last time I had the pleasure of stuffing my face with a green chili burrito from this little restaurant-equivalency of an orgasm. The following day I was off to California, where I would live, away from home for the first time in my entire life. 700+ miles away from my friends, FINE! Hundreds of miles away from my Mom and Dad, NO PROBLEM! Light years away from my little brother and my only niece, COOL! But no Rito's Green Chili burrito within 715 miles, HELL NO! This is where I draw the line. I am currently constructing a full-proof plan to move my little family and I from San Jose, back to Phoenix! Because this is bullshit!
5	This place confirms why "hole in the wall" places are the best places to get food. Its virtually impossible to find the place but once you smell the aroma of home-cooked Mexican food, you know that you're there. Usually there is a long line; however, their service is quick. With the combination of their swift service and decadently savory food, Rito's is a staple Mexican food stand that everyone has to visit when in Phoenix. I always have a green chilli burrito and haven't quite ventured out to other things on their menu, but I have never heard anything less than positive about what they have to offer.
4	After reading all of the reviews on Yelp on how amazingly delicious this place was, I decided to try it.  First of all, it was good...but not to the point that every one else is making it seem here. I think with all of the hype, I was expecting little pieces of heaven in every bite! I ordered the bean and cheese chimi enchilada style. I can say that the enchilada sauce was really yummy! I wish i could have finished it all but it was HUGE!! it is a good lunch spot but definitely order ahead because the wait is pretty long. If it is convenient I would probably come again but wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
5	It's what they say: a culinary experience that is unique and goooooood and in the 'hood.
5	OMG these burritos are amazing. We were just about to return our rental car at the Phoenix Airport  and I was trying to find a place nearby to stop for food before hitting the airport. Thank you Yelpers for recommending such a great place!! I ordered the Red Chili Burrito with the tortilla warmed on the grill giving it a great texture with a red chili sauce with carne on the inside. This did not disappoint and I might return back to the Phoenix Airport just to go get another burrito. Remember this is a cash only place!
3	I took a few staycation days this week and made a list of things I never have time to do.  Getting food @ Rito's was on the list.  I've lived in Garfield for 2 years, but I work outside of the neighborhood from 9-5, so I'm never around during Rito's business hours (according to a sign inside, M-F, 9-4).  I rode my bike over on a fine, sunny Friday around 12:30.  I approached from the south, so I could see the patio seating.  If you approach from Roosevelt St., it's easy to miss this place!  There's no signage of any kind, but lots of people parking and waiting outside.The atmosphere is absolute hole in the wall.  You order through a window with bars at the counter, which is a practical arrangement for the location.  Garfield is pretty chill these days, but that has not always been the case.  There are chairs along the wall for your waiting pleasure, but not nearly enough and they get snagged quickly.  There's a limited menu, but the day I visited, there were 4 specials written on a chalk board.I am an enchilada girl, so I was pretty happy when I saw them on the specials board.  I know burritos are what Rito's is known for, but I figured I could come back any day and try a burrito.  I ordered 2 cheese enchiladas and a side of beans.  I waited about 15 minutes for my food.  I put it in my bike basket and pedaled home in anticipation of a great Mexican lunch.The enchiladas were generous, but the sauce was not nearly as tasty as the sauce at Carolina's.  And the enchiladas were pretty greasy.  The beans were soupy and delicious.  I will not order the enchiladas again, but I will go back and give the burritos a try.  The sodas are in cans, so I passed on a beverage.I'm glad I didn't wait until next week to make my Rito's excursion, because a sign inside announced that they'll be closed all week for "spring break."
3	Food was salty. Lacked depth of flavor.  None of the Green chile or Pork stood out. Only tortilla and salt.We had the green chili burro and red chili burro, both enchilada style.  There were hints of flavor past the salt, but not much.  My wife thought there was too much tortilla.  I slightly disagree,  I feel it helps the burro itself from getting to soggy, therefore I appreciate the amount of tortilla for texture.  We both agree not enough meat.I think it's the novelty of the location that makes people like it more than they should. I too love the hole in the wall aspect of it.  Tucked in a side street, no sign.  Take out or eat outside.  I live a few blocks away,  I was really hoping I 'd love this place, but I don't see either of us craving it anytime soon, probably never.
5	Best little Mexican place in Phoenix!  The chimis and burros and everything I have ever eaten here is amazing!  it's in the back of a house in the 'hood, and is worth the trip.  If you're going for lunch, getthere before noon to avoid the line that stretches through the neighborhood!
4	Most of the time its real busy but worth the wait. Green and bean mix burrito and a side of rice is the route i usually go. Beans are real runny which i like but some might not. Semi spicy food but ok for me, I like spice in my life!
4	Best green chili burrito in AZ!  I always get the green chili mixed with beans inside a burrito.  Typically I take around 5 bites, and the burrito falls apart because all the goodness is spilling out.  I had the tacos once, and they were really good.  But it is the green chili I crave.  I took off a star because in the summer, it is way too hot to sit outside.
5	The BEST Mexican food in the Valley.Hands down.nothing fancy not even a spot to sit and eat indoors but if your looking for Sonoran-style Mexican food this is THE spot great green chile,the best tacos around and if you love re fried beans like I do,do not leave here w/o trying these,on a tostada,on the side,but if your not watching calories for the next month,in a burro w/cheese deep fried OMG! This would be my choice for a "last meal"  I challenge anyone to give me a better spot than this,and please do not say Carolinas because I will hunt you down and slap a B*#+*
5	Seriously best whole in the wall Mexican food! The menu is simple and they perfect everything on it. I highly recommend the green chili burrito. Careful it's addicting.
4	Green mix burro!  Different than your usual Mexican place but one of my favorites.  The burrito is soupy, which may not sound good but it really is.  Their menu may vary from week-to-week but their awesome Green Burros is always on the menu so I'm happy.  No indoor seating which is the only thing I hold against Rito's.  Great for picking up and eating somewhere else.
1	Worst Mexican disaster to hit planet mid town. Sloppy burrito fold gooey cheese processed beans. Restaurant unauthentic. Unfriendly staff.
4	I love the green burro. I used to order it enchilada style, but this time I didn't and there is so much sauce inside I was happy with it as it was. I don't think I'd go really far out of my way to eat here, but if you're in the neighborhood it's worth stopping in.
2	It had been years since I had been back to Rito's, I was craving it for lunch and thought let's do an old school affordable lunch.  I typically eat Burrito's at the Lunch Trucks so I thought Rito's being in the middle of the hood, nothing fancy, outdoor seating and so on should be a quick affordable quick lunch for two of us.  We got our Two Burrito's after waiting almost 30 minutes in their lobby + the 10+ we spent in line? (I know I know...what did I expect going there between 11am-1pm...but seriously they have all the ingredients made, it's just an assembly line, Chipotle Style dang it) so anyway, the food took way too long and $17.49 later for one green chile regular burrito and one red enchilada style burrito with rice and beans (in the hood) had me complaining about my planned 'cheap' lunch before I took my first bite.  I'm not gonna lie the burrito's are tasty and a good size, other comments mentioned salty and greasy and yes that is true on both, but that's why the place is famous for its simple salty/greasy food.  I have had better for the same or less $$ and for a much better atmosphere...that place is making a killing they could have maybe some more shaded cheap/vintage seating a sign a mural something...give the place a little character and I can maybe feel better about spending my hard earned $$ there.  Anyway not my most favorable review but I think Rito's has taken their fame to their head and caters to the foodies/downtown administrative crowd vs. the working class and neighborhood area peeps.
5	Fantastic red chili burro enchilada style with rice and beans. New seats outside. I bring all my friends and they love it. No inside seating so mid summer is rough.
4	I was abducted on a hungover Saturday morning and takin this this place. At first I was a little nervous, it's in the hood, no sign saying this is even a business, bars on the ordering windows. But hot damn, this food was good. A must for a hungover, gut soaking meal. I'll definitely be returning....just maybe with my gun next time. Haha jk
5	I love dives and Rito's nails it on all levels. The neighborhood is uber scary. There is a line out the door. The menu is limited to just a few classic items. Cash only. The food is high quality and comforting. Portions are generous. Lots of "Best of Phoenix" awards on the walls. You need a nap after you're done eating. Like I said... nailed it on all levels.
4	Yes, the green chile is very good. But the long wait can be difficult to bear and the burritos are approaching $6 a piece. With that being said this is some of the best green chile I have had in Phoenix. It is mildly spicy with fresh onions and tomatoes, and lean chunks of tender pork. I certainly appreciate that the meat is not accompanied by layers of fat, which I have experienced at other valley eateries. I must confess. I love me some tasty pig and this slightly-too-thin sauce is just squealing for more. Nearly double would be about right. Rito's also needs to add some combo plates to that barren menu. Give me a green chile plate with rice, beans, and flour tortillas for a bit more than a solo burrito and I will repeatedly frequent your establishment. Currently if you'd like some rice and beans with your burro you're lookin' at $8 plus for your lunch. This is not Scottsdale! Some claim that this place has "the best" beans. I disagree. They are a bit too salty and runny. On the other hand the rice is simple and satisfying. Also, while not made in-house and instead purchased from Mama Lola's, the tortillas are still quite good. In a nutshell visit Rito's if you appreciate some tasty green chile and have lots of time to spare and patience to endure the long line and longer wait. I would recommend going early or late to avoid the lunch rush.
4	This place is VERY difficult to spot if you've never been there before. It is located across the street from an elementary school's playground in a nondescript brown brick building. Look for the metal gated doors - that is the entrance. There is no parking lot, you just have to find a spot to park in the street.My coworkers and I arrived here about 11:45 today, thinking we were going to beat the lunch rush, but we were wrong. The person in front of us ordered about TWENTY burritos to-go, so it took our food a pretty long time to get out. I would say we waited about half an hour, which kind of sucked. But the food was really good just like all the other reviews say! I ordered the rice and bean burrito with green chile sauce. I think $8 for a burrito is pretty fair, especially considering I could only eat half for my lunch and will be eating the other half for dinner tonight. Plus it's always nice to support a local business. Next time I think I'll try the enchilada.Oh and they only take cash and they seem to run out of coins frequently, so if you have exact change that is even better. And there is no seating inside. I think they have a few tables on a patio outside, but most people typically take their food to-go.
5	Every time I am in town I have to have a green chile burrito and Rito's is the only place to get it. I drive from Utah to PHX only for this. It is the best of the best. Debating moving to Phoenix solely for Rito's burritos. I'm not kidding.
4	I love the green burrito!! The meat is never fatty always lean.
5	I love love LOVE the red chile burrito...sometimes I get it with cheese, sometimes plain...It's always amazing.  The beans are also AMAZING...Tacos AMAZING!!! Hot sauce AMAZING!!!  I only wish they were open 24-hours a day!  I've seen other reviewers complain about the neighborhood...I don't think it's as bad as all that.  Besides, all of the cops and first responders eat at Rito's, too!  Don't be afraid to go there and even eat your food outside at one of the picnic tables.  You'll be just fine...until they call your number when your food is ready...then you will be in heaven! Gotta go get me some!
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place.  Everything I have eaten here has been delicious!It's basically take out only, and cash only, with a small menu and a daily special.  As many have said before, GET THERE EARLY!!   Unless you get there before, or right at 11, you will wait, but it is well worth it!
5	They do have the best HOT smothered green chili burrito in Phoenix! The chicken tacos are also to die for!
1	The food is over priced. The restaurant has no place to sit indoors.  The exteror tables aren't even covered by a shade structure to protect you during the middle of the day when they are open.  They have limited hours. The food its self its okay, but I could get the same thing for a lesser price else where. they charge you per item, even the salsa 15cents for 1oz and 50 cents for 4oz.  No way!  Never returning here.
5	No signage at all. A bit pricey, CASH only! Limited hours, horrible parking, no indoor seating and competition for shaded seating on the half-dozen picnic tables of the back patio in this residential neighborhood. Expect the line to be out the door and you are probably going to have to wait a minute to get your lunch; because this is the best damn hole-in-the-wall Mexican joint in the valley. If you have a tourist and want to really give them the Barrio Burrito experience, this is it. Everything is well worn-in and the look of things might scare off the meek gringo. But it is exceptionally clean and the staff are friendly. The Chimichanga shouldn't be eaten any further than 20' from the front door, if you don't have time to eat it there: take another look at your life's priorities or order something else. I've had the amazing Red Chili Beef almost every visit, but last time had the Rice & Bean Chimi which may be a new veg fav. The beef tacos are those amazingly greazy corn shells that may or may not be totally deep-fried, order extra hot sauce and don't ask silly questions. Rice & refried beans are just as they should be and even make a tostada delicious! They sell bags of fresh tortilla & chips, but I've never seen nachos on the menu. Everything they do have on the menu though is best-in-class, assuming you like this class. If it's the middle of the week like between 11 - 4, I've got a $20 bill and a hankering for Mexican Al Fresco - Rito's. Who's down?
5	I originally reviewed this place in Nov 2011.  Update:  This place still has the best mexican food in the valley. The red chile burro enchilada style is excellent and is highly recommended.  The menu is small but everyhting on it is great. The best of Phoenix.
5	I have only been here once but I have been dreaming of them ever since. It is real home cooking with care.
5	My favorite downtown place for Mexican food! The guacamole tostada and red chili burro enchilada style are both absolutely delicious.
4	Best barrio (neiborhood) burrito stand in town for red or green chile burritos. Can't beat those tacos either, there isn't much of a menu. But this isn't a $8 or $15 high tone Restaurant, these are Nana's (homemade grandma) meals. Cash only, and outdoor picnic bench eating also.
5	Love the food in here and cannot to get back and have some more authentic Mexican food.
5	Can you say burrito? Can you say waiting in line to taste the green chili yumminess is TOTALLY worth it? YES!! It's a hole in the wall in the middle of a neighborhood, but don't let the appearance distract you from the finished product! It's fabulous!!
4	I haven't been to Ritos in ages but I had to try my favs..red mix enchilada style with a side of rice and beans! The beans are the best in town! So flavorful! Red chili is spicy but not overwhelming. The rice is tasty all by itself but mix it with their hot sauce and you'll have a party in your mouth! I ordered two beef tacos..two words, de lish! Hot pulled beef with lettuce and cheese and put the hot sauce on and you're in Mex food heaven! Bring your cash and your friends! This place will not disappoint you!
5	If you are looking for fancy folks lounging around fancy furniture eating tiny overpriced meals... this IS NOT the place for you! Rito's only offers one thing... the best traditional, home-style Mexican food the Valley has to offer. Simple, tasty and made with pride and care. It is pretty much a take out place although they do have a small amount of patio furniture outside for when the weather is nice. Anyone who knows will tell you that Rito's has had the BEST green chili burros you may rver find although everything they make is above average. The prices are all very reasonable as well. I can feed my family of 4 for only $20.00!So if you are in the valley of the sun and aren't an ambiance snob... give Rito's a try. You can't go wrong!
5	Still just as good to this day. That's why I am the Duke of this place. :-PGreen chili burro, enchilada style, with green chili on top. Crap, now I am salivating writing this, because I can smell it while I sit waiting for mine to get done.
5	This place is a house across the street from an elementary school.  You will wait 10-15 minutes in line just to order, then another 10-15 minutes just to get your food.  There is no where to sit but outside (so summers get the food to go).   Also this place is the dive of all dives when it comes to Mexican food.  All that said, i dream about their food and curse them for not being open on the weekends!  The green chile anything is good, I get just a bean and rice burrito and then add green enchilada sauce.   I would drink that green sauce by the buckets if i could. I even asked if i could order just the sauce for to-go and they told me no.  BOO!Bottom line if you are adventurous and like mexican food this is your place.  One more tidbit I am pretty sure the green sauce is not vegetarian, but that has not stopped my veggie friend from still eating eating it.  She just picks out any chicken in the sauce she sees! ha ha  That is how much she likes it!
5	Got the red and green burritos with beef.  Both were AMAZING!  The beef was really tender and the sauces were perfect.  The red is more of a spicy sauce and the green is more salty.  I don't know which I love more, but this spot is excellent!
5	This place is the bomb!! It's only open for lunch and is always busy, so it's better to call in our order. I love the red Chile burrito enchilada style, it is my favorite. I recommend it to everyone looking for some great Mexican food.
5	I had the green chili enchilada style with rice and beans.... oh my heck.... so delicious.  Lots of great mexican food in Arizona!
5	This place is delicious! Enjoyed it for the first time one week ago and I had to go back for seconds today. They accept cards now which is great, as I've heard they only took cash in the past. Parking is tricky and it is wicked busy during lunch time.... But well worth the wait! I enjoyed their bean/cheese burrito with red sauce and a shredded beef taco. So Legit!
4	Ohhhhh man, that enchilada-style bean & cheese burrito.... I want another one, but probably not for at least a few weeks after the last one -- it was huge. This place had been on my list to try for quite some time, even after I had done the initial scouting and was waiting to develop an appetite for the awesomeness I was promised. I love that the menu is short and sweet and the food almost overwhelming -- both unassuming and carefully prepared in jumbo size. It was just about all I had hoped for, lacking only in unicorns and rainbows, and I love that it exists despite its terrible curb appeal and total lack of ambiance.
4	It's been many many moons since I last had a meal at Rito's. I'm talking like 1994 and not much has changed, it is all so like back in the day.  I still get the feeling I'm visiting my grandmother and driving through the old neighborhood to get to the converted house to restaurant gives me the feeling of going home.  Today I had the red chili burrito enchilada style with a side of beans just like I used to have every payday when I worked at the local bank up the street. This burrito portion is huge and the red sauce was just a little over spicy like I remembered. I even had to wipe the sweat beads off my nose a few times.  So good, I'll say.The menu is online, I called a head for pick up, I took cash, there is limited outdoor seating and parking might be an issue.
5	Well.  WOW.  I honestly can't believe how good this place is.  I have been a long-time fan of Carolina's so I feel bad for saying this, but Rito's beats it hands down.  I went for the Green Chile Burrito Enchilada Style (I meant to specify green sauce but I didn't so it came with red) and it was amazing.  I can't wait to try it again with the green sauce.  My friend ordered two shredded beef tacos...and wow.  You can't go wrong here.
5	They have the best green wet burrito I've ever had wish there was one in northern California!
5	you can quit searching for the best burritos and tacos in Phoenix!!!   they are right here at Rito's. they dont advertise, it's all word of mouth, it is th go-to place for Green and red chile!!!
4	Rito's! U guys rock! U like Mexican food? Then this is the authentic place in Phoenix that you will come back to over and over again. Now if they just had a shaded seating area with misters it would be a 5 star rating in my book.
5	I have been coming here since I was a little kid. I always get the Bean burrito enchilada style and every time it is perfection! It might not look like much from the outside but the food is great!Plan on waiting a little bit since its a real hot spot for everyone around lunch time.
5	Rito's gots the Best Burritos, hands down!! I ordered the green on green burrito. It was soooo gooood!!! I feel like a stuffed burrito now. But these burritos are as good as they look, and the taste is like your over at Nana's house for some homemade real Mexican food!! This will be the spot I run to when I'm feeling a saucy, cheesy, flavorful burrito. The only thing I gotta say is, since the only spot to sit was outside on their patio with no shade, we kept dodging the neighborhood bee who kept stopping by at our table since we had open can sodas. Maybe next time we'll be smart like the other table sitting next to us and bring our own sodas, lids and all.
5	Love it! No one, not one person in town beats their green chile. The beans are delicious.  Must try!
5	I'm not gonna lie, this was pretty amazing Mexican food. Thank you Yelp. We would have never ever ever have found this place otherwise. They are located in a neighborhood and as of the time we paid a visit, they did not have a sign. It is a brick building that probably used to be a house, and we had to drive past it a couple times to realize we were there. They have a very simple menu, but I am not surprised they have found success with their amazing quality. We shared a enchilada style green chili burrito with beans on the side. WOW. It had cubed pork in it, but I was in love before I even hit any meat. The flavors are so delicious and all of the sauces together were perfect. The beans were super yummy and tasted very fresh and flavorful. We ordered a shredded beef taco that was a special for the day just in case the burrito wasn't going to be enough for the both of us, but it ended up just stuffing us until we couldn't breath. That taco was really good too! It seemed like they freshly fried the taco shell and they were very generous with the beef! Next time we will definitely be satisfied with just the enchilada style burrito to share since it was mighty large. Can't wait to come back for more!!
5	So since I work downtown every once in a while,  when one of my co-workers feels up to it, he will make a Ritos run. Although I have never been to the physical location, I have to say that Ritos is hands down my favorite Mexican food place. I always order the green Chile burrito enchilada style with a side of rice and die and go to Heaven every time! I have also had their beef tacos with guacamole and the meat is so tender and juicy, it's truly amazing. I just wish they were open for a dinner run or on weekends so I could take my hubby.
4	I have lived by this location for the past year and just recently tried it out for the first time. I have to say, I really liked it! The food was fresh and very affordable. Probably one of the better values I've come across in quite a while. My one word of advice is to make sure to give yourself time for getting your food. The place gets busy and can take a while to place your order and get your food.
2	Waaaaay overhyped!!! It's slow, pricey, and the food is just average. There is also zero ambience, but I knew that from the reviews so I didn't care. A lot of these things can be overlooked if the food was the bomb, but it wasn't anything special. Part of it has to do w/ the crappy and confusing menu, so I didn't get what I wanted.The menu is confusing and the cashier didn't really explain things well either. My food took 30 minutes to get and that was after waiting in line for 10-15 minutes in their non-air-conditioned building. The food was good but average and quite a lot of excess tortilla compared to the amount of filling, and the sauce was quite salty. What was $11 here would be $8 everywhere else so I don't know how they get away with charging so much given their location and building.
3	Yelp, you steered me wrong. A place shouldn't get extra stars because it is hard to find. This is just mediocre food in an odd location. I had a shredded beef taco and a green burrito enchilada style. The taco was fine. Seemed fresh, but there was nothing great about it. The burrito easily had more cheese by weight than meat. The green sauce was better than ok, but not by much.Now I have calorie regret and an unhappy stomach.
4	Great spot for a quick lunch. There is only seating available outside, so the summer months may not make this an ideal spot. The burritos are huge, too! Get the green chili burrito mixed with beans enchilada style...trust me..it was a great suggestion .passed on to me.
4	Pretty impressed.  Great value for the price you pay.  Not everything I had was a home run, but a truly legit Mexican take out spot.I had recently seen the Check Please AZ segment and read the Yelp reviews about this place.  I live downtown but up until now I didn't even know this place existed.  So I decided to stop by at opening on Saturday morning.  The location is exactly what I expected.  A divvy hole in the wall in the middle of residential street in the Garfield District.  The only parking is in the street and the building isn't labeled so be sure to know the address of this place in advance.  I had heard this place was typically busy at lunch during the work week but expected to get in and out pretty fast on a Saturday.  Uh, no.  The line was 12 deep when I arrived which was just 5 minutes after 10am.  The crowd in line was super diverse (white, black, hispanic, and even asian folks) so clearly word has gotten out about this place.  I believe you can call in your order if you wanna run by and pick it up rather than wait in line like I did.So after about 10 minutes in line, I got to put in my order.  The dish that seemingly everyone talks about as Rito's 101 is the Green Chile Burrito Enchilada Style with Red or Green Sauce (I went with Red).  A family friend raved about their refried beans so I got some of those in the bowl as well.  Total price was $10 (FYI, they take credit and debit cards now so its no longer cash only).  Took about 20 minutes to get my food.  It's strictly a takeout place, but they do have a tiny amount of seating outside the building.  Being that it was a warm summer day when I went, I decided to just make the 5 minute drive home to eat.Alright to the food.  Portions are huge.  Burrito comes in a huge bowl and was oozing red sauce with beans on the side (see my photo).  Smelled divine.  I've had a lot of burritos in my time, but this is up there with some of the best I've had.  Great chunks of meat mixed in with Hatch green chiles.  The red sauce and cheese complimented the tortilla very well and the sauce wasn't as watery as I had feared.  Great burrito all around.  The beans on the other hand were a disappointment.  Maybe its just me, but I prefer my refried beans to have a little more chunkiness to them.  Rito's beans are almost more of a puree.  The taste is fine, I just prefer to taste like I'm biting into actual chunks of beans.All in all, I was impressed at the size and quality of the food I got for the money.  As busy as it was today, I can't even imagine how busy it gets during the work week.  Next time I come here I'll try to call ahead and maybe give the chimichangas a whirl.  Would certainly recommend this spot if you're in the neighborhood.  And if you're still hungry after eating one of their burritos, its your fault.
5	Being from Las Cruces, NM which is about 30 minutes away from the Green Chile capitol of the world (Hatch New Mexico), I think that I can accurately judge the green chile burritos to be sensational. I'm not much of a pork fan, (excluding bacon of course) which is usually what is in the burritos, so I usually just order a bean and cheese burrito enchilada style with green sauce. Green is the only way to go in my opinion. The burritos are huge, and are filled with so much beans, cheese, and green enchilada sauce, it's overflowing as soon as you take the first bite. It's always hot because they make each order fresh, but be prepared to wait especially if you go between 11-1. I try to only go after 1, but it's not uncommon to wait 20 minutes even going after the lunch rush. So if you have only an hour lunch, and you work downtown, you better be a speedy driver. I usually only have about ten minutes to eat after driving over and waiting in line, so that's definitely something to take into consideration.It's a little hard to find at first because there isn't a sign, and the business operates out of an old house across from a school, but you'll know you're in the right place when you see the line up of cars for a block. The staff is all very friendly, but there isn't a lot of waiting room inside, and there really isn't too much space outside to eat either, so it's more of a grab and go kind of restaurant, which I don't mind because I probably would not choose to stay and eat there either, but you're going there for the food not the experience.The only other downside aside from the wait, and the lack of seating and cleanness, are that the green burritos are twice as much as the red ones because they are so popular. I personally think that this is ridiculous, but obviously everyone is still willing to pay for it. All in all it's a great little hole in the wall in downtown Phoenix, and a must try if you are craving some delicious green chile.
4	I just stop by here for the first time today! I ordered a green chili burro enchilada style! (red sauce)  it was really, really good! I usually go to Rosita's place for their green chili. (arguably the best in Phoenix) this is definitely right up there, and I will be going back to this place again soon!!! If you're looking for authentic green chili you will not be disappointed going to this place!!!
5	Best green burritos.  Love their beams and rice also. This is a takeout.  Cash only ta o's are also good it is worth the drive .Place has been around for 40 years  try them
5	I heard about this little gem when I overheard some people raving about it at the top of camelback mountain. I try to treat myself after my hikes, so I thought I'd give it a try. I'm so glad I did! It's a hole in the wall(those are always the best!). It's crowded  with people waiting for their order. It's not a typical sit down place. You order at the window, pay, and move to the side with everyone else and wait for your food. It's a bit of a wait, but wow, you won't be sorry for the wait. I got the green chile burrito, enchilada style. Now, I can't tell you what makes it so good, it just is. It's messy and absolutely delicious! They have several tables outside(no inside seating), but most people get it to go. Do yourself a favor and give it a try.
5	One of my favorite spots. Wish they had indoor seating though. The rice is sensational. I also like the tostadas and green chili burritos.
5	THE best beans ever!  Their Green Chili is also awesome.  Guacamole/Beef tacos are great.  I always had that in my order. I missed those when Grandma had eye surgery, but those have been back on the menu for a while. I have tried about everything on the menu and love it. I started coming here since the early 1990's when I started working at County Hospital.  I go less often now that I have retired, but still get there a couple times a month.  The staff has always been fantastic to me.  Cutter
5	Ahhhmazeballs!My favorite red and green chilli burritos in town. Fresh, spicy, flavorful, and their tortillas are soft and homemade.I've bought 8 one day and shared them with my coworkers. Their taste buds were also in heaven.There is a reason why this place has been in business for so long! Go there today!
1	Incredibly slow service (25 minutes to get 3 basic tacos) and tacos are average at best.  My batch was very salty, but seeing the wait and the relative absence of attention to customers, I didn't bother to do anything about it. The menu is very short and routine extras like added cheese or salsa require added payment. Maybe the other yelpers had an exceptional experience with the burritos, but this is my review based on what I sampled.  There is just nothing redeeming to explain the level of loyalty this location garners.  There is no indoor seating;  you cant eat outdoors on the provided plastic picnic table on a sunny day without risking a skin burn!.  On the inside you face a server who takes your order from behind a grill; there are at most 4-5 plastic chairs to sit on while you wait.  Reminds me of a traditional western jailhouse except someone is actually taking food orders.
5	I've been eating Rito's since I was a little girl. My mom and I would go pick up my older sister from work and on the way home grab some burritos for dinner. We would get all different kinds including the red chile, green chile, bean burritos and occasionally tostadas and tacos. We'd head home to my dad coming from work and my 2 sisters, brother, my mom, dad and I would half up the burritos between us sharing and delighting in the food.My sister we would pick up has now passed. Towards the end of her battle with cancer all she wished for was a burrito from Rito's. I live in California currently and no other place has held a candle to Rito's in my heart. Because of the wonderful childhood memories I have of this place and for always being so friendly and being consistently good I give Rito's 5 stars and a heart. My sister I'm sure would agree
5	I am so happy that they are open now on saturday. After golfing we stopped by to get their famous green chili burritos .they were nice and hot .The green chili sauce spicy and lots of green chilis.the meat was  plentiful and the extra sauce went well with their Spanish rice. Their refried beans are the best in town.thank you
5	If you like burritos, add this place to your rotation!  Homestyle burrito heaven. The flour tortillas are oh so soft and fresh, the beans are savory, it's served hot. The salsa has a great flavor and is chilled enough to meld perfectly with the hot food. I'm so happy this place exists in my neighborhood.
5	The best Mexican food in Phoenix. The best green chile Burros and the best guacamole tacos ever!
4	First time here, had a rice & bean burrito, Mrs. Had a taco & tostada.  Both thought was very delicious. Reminded me of Mr. Gs/Chili Peppers down in Yuma. Outside seating only but is covered by umbrellas.  friendly staff. Will be back!
4	They have a limited menu and limited hours but Rito's makes for a fantastic lunch.There is a small building wherein you order, wait for and pick up your food.  At this point you either drive off or eat on the patio which features picnic tables and a couple trees that provide some shade and leaves.But that isn't important, the food is what keeps drawing me back.  As other reviewers have mentioned, their tender, seasoned beef is top notch.  Both the red chili and green chili sauces are rich and tasty; I prefer the red but I still usually get the red sauce inside and the green sauce outside.The beans - kind of half mashed - are nice seasoned as well and make an excellent side.
4	Red mixed enchilada style. Tacos with guac. Homemade tortillas. The best.I've been going here since '94, and nothing can beat their enchilada style. It is THAT good. If I'm feeling super hungry I will also order the tacos with guacamole.This is one of those places that is hidden in a house, with an outdoor patio and no inside eating area, but the food is so good you don't mind standing in line outside in the 110 degree weather.I would give them 5 stars if it weren't for their limited and inconsistent hours, the occasional sign that says "Not serving enchilada style due to personal reasons," and parking.But...Anybody visiting Phoenix or living there who has not tried this place, is definitely missing out. It's a MUST check out regardless.
3	Ritos has great food but beware about eating on their patio. I have been waiting for cooler temps. To enjoy the food w/out driving back to the office. We got our food and went to the patio as soon we opened our food we started getting attacked by flies. Yes you expect a fly or two when eating outside but there were a least half a dozen buzzing our food and table.    The problem they don't have covers on there trash cans. Above the cans were swarms of flys. Disgusting.
5	Best green and red chili in town. Wonderful tortillas and fun place to go when the weather is not blazing hot. Have only patio seating. Did I mention the beans also the best  in town. Only open for lunch.
1	I cant believe it took 1hr and 45min to get my food i was disappointed when i got my enchiladas only 4 or five pieces of meat. My first time vwry disappointed. I wanted red chile burrows all they had was green mostly beans
5	I have been going here for over 20 years and it never disappoints. I always get a bean burro enchilada style and a taco. I think eating it out of a tin pan adds to the experience. They have the best beans and best red enchilada sauce I have ever tasted hands down. I live in southeast gilbert and make the trek at least once a month. Worth every mile driven. I wish they'd open one on the east side.
2	Not terrible... EXCEPT- I called in an hour before arrival and STILL waited 30 min for my food. I saw people who just showed up and got in line, get their food before me. REDIC! I suspect that they didn't even start making it till I showed up. I gave it 2 stars for lack of process. Food is 3 stars...
5	I have been coming to Ritos since whn they 1st opened.  I know a couple of the family members.  Although I don't go often, it is hands down the best place to get anything green.  It's alittle hot for me so I always get it mixed with their delicious beans.  Whn I get it enchilada style(almost always) it's so big and filling, u don't need any sides with it.  But the rice is also very good.  Now the meat they use is big chunks and very tender and the green chili has so much flavor but it is spicy hot for me.  Now I have eaten in a lot of Mexican restaurants trying to get that same taste from other green chili burros and in different states( NM, CA and Texas) but there is no comparison and there "enchilada style" is like no other and I doubt u will ever find it like tht anywhere.  It's the cheese,  it's almost like a good pizza combined with the tasty red sauce.  I have tasted some of the other dishes like the tacos which are very good but I wish those were bigger.  I just crave more.  Thts why I always go back to the green burro enchilada style.  It fills u up and it's damn good.  And they finally went plastic.  I have been waiting for that to happen for years making Pete's Fish & Chips the last place tht only takes cash. Lol.  So go eat at Ritos and experience this place for yourself.
4	My husband heard about Rito's through a news report and we decided to check it out for lunch earlier this week.  You certainly need to know about this place because it doesn't have much drive by appeal.   Make sure to get here early as a line forms throughout lunch for this tasty food.   Friendly staff, plenty of outdoor space to enjoy your lunch and even with you dog and the food was great.  We enjoyed the beef and cheese enchiladas with rice and beans...simple, but so tasty!
4	It's a little hard to believe that this unmarked house across the street from a school is actually a restaurant, but once you get beyond the security barred door you find yourself in a dimly lit, non-temperature controlled waiting room.It must be good though because I've never seen this room empty.  People come and go the whole time you're waiting for your food.  They stand behind the security bar and you exchange payment/receipts through the space underneath.  Then you wait and get your food under the grate next to the "order here" window.  Why all the security?  I'm hoping never to really find out..The food!  Although it's a bit nickel-and-dimey, ultimately it's decently priced.  It seems like they typed up a nicer looking menu recently too that helps immensely (before all I had was a picture of the lego board they had up).Anyway, the food is pretty legit authentic Mexican dripping with verde sauce and covered with cheese.  If you're looking for Mexi-comfort, look no further!
5	I've been coming to Ritos for over 10 years. In that time I've never had any inconsistency in my food. The best all around green chile and some of the best tacos in town. Why the hell hasn't Guy Fieri put this place on DDD?!
5	I had their enchiladas with beef, rice and beans and I think I finally found the best enchilada in town.  Careful, not to punch through the metal container though, it could cause a mess if you sit outside.
5	Yes, this mostly lived up to the hype. I must say that unlike many people in these reviews, I actually preferred the red over the green chile. I ordered one of each. Got the red enchilada style, the green au naturel. If you're in central Phoenix and craving a burrito, this is the place to go. I can see how it would get really uncomfortable in the summertime, though; there's no indoor seating.
5	My dad got me addicted to this place, over 25 years ago!  This is THE BEST Mexican food I've ever had.  I look forward to having my 'fix' whenever I am in Phoenix.
5	The menu is simple and the portions are huge! Be prepared for a line out the door. They are no longer cash only!
5	They now accepting credit cards . Don't go close to their closing . They were extremely busy. Try mixing the green burro with beans for those who do not like it that spicy.  They have the best refried beans . Also try their tacos
5	I have been eager to try this place after several recommendations. Green chilli burro was amazing!  Probably the best I've had anywhere!  It was spicy enough I didn't have to add any salsa, the chunks of meat were tender and the perfect size, the sauce was runny but I didn't mind.  Their salsa is quite enjoyable as well.  I will be back.
