5	Keith Baudoin is an absolutely amazing realtor!  We were first time home buyers trying to relocate from Denver to the Las Vegas area very quickly at a time when very few things were on the market.  In addition, homes that did come on the market were often gone faster than we could react-- seriously homes that went on the market at 8pm had multiple cash offers on them by 9am the next day.We started working with a different realtor and it was an absolutely awful experience.   I was flying out there to try to see homes and made arrangement before I went but, once I got there she took me to see a couple of places-- one where we literally just peeked in windows because nothing was set up beforehand.  I clearly was not a priority which confused me because I was set on buying a within the next month.I was so shell shocked by the whole experience we started down the rental route and a family friend that lives in the area recommended Keith.  I was so impressed!  Keith was so professional and positive despite a pretty crummy buyers market.  I was also a pretty nervous first time buyer with a young family that was in the process of moving to an area that we didn't know anything about, and I was pretty heart set on a very small search area that my new co-workers recommended.  I am sure this presented its challenges for Keith (along with all the questions- I had lots and lots of questions) but, you would have never known it.Keith made it happen! We found a perfect house for our family that had the kids going to one of the two schools that I really wanted to get them into and we were able to move in to our new home in just over a month. Then, when I unexpectedly transferred back to Denver just as quickly as we came, Keith did an equally amazing job helping us to sell our house.  I initially planned on waiting until after the holidays to list the house (until it was more cleared out- we have three small children) but, Keith showed up the week before Christmas, took some great pictures and got us on our way.  We locked into a contract within a few weeks and sold our house in less than two months. Keith is so professional and personable.  He is absolutely incredible when it comes to buying/ selling a home while out of state and he bent over backwards to make the whole process as easy as it could be for us.  He knows exactly what he is doing at every step in the process, he knows the market very well, and made the whole experience a lot easier than I ever thought it could be.If you are looking for a realtor in the Vegas area... Keith Baudoin at Coldwell Banker Premier Realty is definitely the person to call!  He is a miracle worker.
5	Keith Baudoin is superb! He was a professional from start to finish. Keith worked with us, via email and the internet, weeks before we were able to actually visit the area. Once we made it to town, he acquainted us with the area, and was really able to zero in on our likes and dislikes and help us the find the part of town and the house we will now call home. He is quick to respond to emails and calls, and was always trustworthy, honest and forthcoming. He kept us from becoming overwhelmed by helping to eliminate properties that were similar to ones we'd already decided against. He was able to keep us focused and helped us find a home in a very constrained time period. We cannot say enough good things about Keith and Coldwell Banker Premier. We have already, and will continue to recommend him to friends.
5	Moving to Vegas? Need a relator? Then Keith is your guy! Don't worry about anybody else. Just pick up the phone, call Keith, and you will have made a great choice right off the bat to start your new life in fabulous Las Vegas. Only having visited the tourist side of Vegas, I was completely unsure of how to approach life in the part of Vegas that everybody actually lives in. Keith made the transition so easy. We got his name from some friends of ours living out there and made the correct decision to call him first and not worry about any other agencies out there. From the first moment that we talked on the phone, till today when we finally closed on the property, Keith has been there to guide us, advise us, and help us find the home that was right for us in Vegas. He helped us take a list of 20-30 homes that we liked via our internet searches, and pair it down to 9 properties that we actually were serious about. When those didn't yield the results we wanted, Keith didn't let us get down about it. He just said, lets start again tomorrow mid morning. That night we found a place that opened up just that evening in the neighborhood we wanted, for the price that we could afford. I texted Keith that we wanted to see that first thing the next morning, and he was quick to respond and shift his schedule to get us into this house. We were the first in the property, but unfortunately not the ones whose offered they accepted. But did Keith let that set back get us down? No. He said lets keep looking and the next day we found the house that we just closed on today. Throughout this process, he has gone above and beyond to help us make one of the biggest decisions we have faced recently and feel good about it. We can't wait to get out to Vegas and start living in this new home. I know there are a lot of options when it comes to relators in Vegas, and I'm sure there are good folks out there. I know for a fact that Keith is the kind of person you want in your corner to help you navigate this tricky market. His honest and integrity is above reproach and he looks out for his clients. He has gone above and beyond, and I have already recommended him to several friends of mine moving out into the area. You can't go wrong Keith!
