4	My husband is a huge donut fan, so when I noticed this place driving down McDowell, I suggested we go. One drawback is that they only accept cash, so we had to go to the Circle K ATM first. The donuts were fresh, and the cake varieties have become our favorites: crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, dipped in chocolate or vanilla glaze. I had a custard-filled raised donut once, and the custard was clearly out of a can- and maybe an old one at that. The coffee is quite good, and you can fix it your way with sugar and non-dairy liquid creamer. The place itself is a bit of a dive- old and shabby, but clean.
3	A dive donut shop? Sweet! Too bad this place is so meh. I was so excited about Raibow Donut but the donuts are kind of sucky. I was also excited about the BOBA tea (yes they have it here) but it was also kind of not good. And the bubble tea was made kind of like a frappachino with whip cream and shit. What's up with that? So I guess it's still kind of cool due to diveyness and whatnot, but not really awesome or anything.
3	Yeah, I got on the Rainbow Donut train a few months and I've gotta say that I did not get off on the first stop.  First, this place feels like a conversion of some sort -- you know, like when an old Circle K becomes a dentist office or something, and you know things just ain't right when you're getting drilled in a beer fridge.  On the way out you have a hankering for a Thirstbuster and a Payday.  This is the vibe of Rainbow Donuts.  I get the feeling this place had a reincarnation and they're disguising the catacombs with those unnecessarily GIANT glass displays.  I've never seen them completely filled ... uh, ever ... and it makes their selection of glazed pastry seem paltry.  I was so disoriented by this whole encounter that i actually ordered an ORANGE CAKE donut.  I'm puking on myself right now remembering it.  What a shite state of affairs when you think that ordering such a conception is a wise decision.  To be honest, their selection WAS pretty sparse, and I was just kinda wanting to bounce because some customer was arguing about a mistake the owner had made by inserting the wrong donut into his half-dozen LAST WEEK and wanted compensation for it THIS WEEK in the form of a free donut.  Meanwhile, my eyes are molesting my stomach by flickering between donut choices maple or orange.  My brain intervenes with a WTF?  So, i chose the lesser of the evils -- even going against my cake-donut discriminatory practices and made a panicked decision.  End result:  there are MUCH better choices for hangover donuts in the central area and for slightly cheaper.  Also, that 24 hour sign practically had me thrown in the clink one night as i foolishly left the bar drunk and early in search of hot, glazed donuts.  Because Rainbow was in fact closed, a kick in the gut to be sure, I ended up driving around central on this quest for donuts at 3-? am, until i eventually forgot I was even driving or why I was out in the first place.  What I remember is being enshrouded in Whataburger's Honey Butter Chicken Biscuit wrappers the next morning and a vicious hangover.  Moral of the story:  go vegan
2	Fresh Donuts always says good morning would you like to be my friend. I work close to the shop and I love to surprise my co-workers and customers with a warm donut.  The couple that took ownership are very nice and seem to be producing a small following.  The owners are puting in the hard work to build a business and seem to be on the right track.  As the business grows I look forward to giving Rainbow Donuts more stars.  Look for a bright purple building, its kind of hard to see if your driving East on McDowell.
4	In response to a recent thread about Boba drinks in CenPho, I said that Rainbow served at least 1 flavor- chai- which my husband found to be "just ok." When Hubby asked me this morning if I wanted to "taste the Rainbow" for breakfast, I asked him to check on the Boba situation. It turns out that Rainbow listened, and they now will add Boba to any of their drinks. The woman behind the counter said you can call ahead so you don't have to wait. Hubby's vanilla and my strawberry frap that he brought home today were still "just ok." The donuts are still really good, and they finally have some stable hours, 4 am to 8 pm.
3	Sunday afternoon is not prime donut hours, but the creature needed feeding and Rainbow Donut was nearby.  Sparse selection, but what I got was pretty good.  The glaze wasn't quite Krispy Kream, but did hit the spot and the old fashion is definitely worth going back for.
4	I've not tried any of the Boba drinks, so I cannot comment on them.  What I can say is that the donuts are very very good.  They are extremely fresh if you get them in the morning right before work and go great with coffee.  I am very disappointed that they don't have creme-filled Long Johns.  I asked the woman behind the counter if she could make some and she said they don't sell well.  I disagree.   I've never sat in the building and ate, just ran in and got served right away and off to work.You should bring cash unless you want to pay a small charge for running a credit card.
4	My husband and I shared 6 doughnuts on our first visit here. Perhaps not the most elegant detail to open with. It has since become a favorite, as they have "an amazing bearclaw." I am not generally a fan of dough-based foods, so I like the fact that, though the oddly large and realistic pictures of the food are faded, other stuff IS offered. I usually stick with doughnuts for value and camaraderie, but plan to try one of their croissantwiches soon.Blended drinks are from a powdered mix, but ok in taste. Nice selection of morning beverages.
4	It took me a while to bring myself to stop by this place.  From the outside it looks questionable.  I finally went for a splurge on my bday this year and dove into their huge apple fritter.  I go into a sugar coma afterwards but I don't care, it's way too good - so soft and crunchy and appley all at the same time.  I stop by every once in a while when I'm feeling naughty.  The only other thing I've tried was the croissant ham & egg bfast sandwich... it makes a great hangover bfast.I'd recommend bringing cash though, they charge for using cc.  About $10 bucks covers everything the hubs and I want including drinks.
4	I'm almost 200 lbs... it didn't take me long to try this place out. =)Once I knew a bunch of Asian people owned this joint, I knew the donuts had to be good. I'm from San Diego and when we want good donuts, we drive right past the Krispy Kremes, Dunkins and Yum Yums and hit up a mom and pop shop in the hood.This is exactly that. This place opens early at 5 am and there is always a stream of cars until about 9 am. I have to get there early or else my ham and cheese croissants are ALWAYS gone.Great price on a dozen donuts and they are amazingly fresh! Melts in your mouth and is an awesome way to be the office hero. The boston cremes are also a favorite of mine.
5	everyone has a comfort food so naughty santa wouldn't visit you for 5 years knowing you indulged...looks like i'll never be getting another christmas gift for as long as i live because i've tried nearly every one of rainbow donuts' tasty little morsels.even if  i saw cockroaches crawling on the floor (which i didn't), i'd still eat their donuts. my favorite, by far, is the whipped cream glazed donut. i could eat 5 of them and not feel bad. their coffee is great too, and you could walk out of there with a couple donuts and a cup o joe for around 4 bucks. these are the best donuts you can get in town. so soft and chewy you wouldn't even know you ate 5 of them until you're keeled over with the sweetness stomach cramps.customer service was great, it's a family owned local joint, so it's def a place to respectably spend your moolah.totally. worth it.
3	Cali-style doughnut spot in Phoenix. sure, I'm game. Typical S.E. Asian doughnut spot... they sell doughnuts, boba, calling cards, smokes, snacks, ramen, etc...The taste was about on par with the Cali joints. If you're craving real doughnuts and are sick of being pushed bullshit products that claim to be doughnuts (like YumYum, KrispyKreme, Dunkin, Winchels, etc...), then give Rainbow a try.
5	Best donuts anywhere. Krispy Kreme has nothing on this place.
4	RAINBOW DONUTS IN DOWNTOWN PHOENIX SELLS BOBA TEA AND SMOOTHIES.That's all you need to know.
3	I can't comment on the donuts (which is pretty ridiculous seeing as that's the main draw here), but I was satisfied with the boba smoothies. They're definitely not anywhere close to being great, but for someone who's not picky about boba, they're really refreshing. The boba itself was kind of mediocre, but it had a good flavour and wasn't too sweet. I got a taro smoothie and a honeydew smoothie. The honeydew tasted surprisingly good for being from a powdered mix, it was just like drinking a fresh honeydew melon. The taro was even better, although the drinks were a bit too icy for me. They were a lot better after I let the ice melt a bit, but who wants to wait?
4	Yes it is an Asian Donut shop, but they know donuts. The Coconut Flake, and Coconut Toasted were super fresh, moist, and totally delicious. The Chocolate Cake with Chocolate Icing & Nuts was good, bordering on the dry side. Still good mind you (what donuts aren't) but not as tasty as the fresh glazed base of the Coconut. Yes the outside looks shady, but when you walk in...Donuts! Rainbow is a great find.
4	Just came from here with a dozen box of Donuts, and a large Cappuccino Boba.  I didn't know Bobo and donuts went so well together!  The donuts are very good, but I think I will be coming back for the Cappuccino Boba.  Delicious!
3	Having zoomed past numerous times and even thinking of stopping in a few times before, my craving for Boba finally made me stop.The service is 5 star the lady working the counter was friendly and offered some great suggestions based on the flavors they had for Boba.  What they had were tubs or powdered mix.  Some of my favorite Boba places in the Valley have more fresh fruit and real taro. I was slightly put off but was needing my "fix".Deciding on a Mango Smoothie with Boba, I decided on a small and decided to try one of their donuts as well (glazed twist).  The boba was just ok and the donut was very good, light fluffy inside tender yet slightly crisp exterior with a light glaze. Their crosissants looked amazing and they had an average variety of raised and cake donuts. I had my donut fix for a few months at least. If I had to pick up some for work I would come here. For boba...I'd go back if in the area and not willing to drive to my other favorite spots for a fix.
5	Doughnuts are bomb. Coffee is weak, so deal with it and get a large.  Next to the doughnuts are instant rame cups and assorted treats that somehow someone must buy.While having coffee a street character rolled up on a bike and had some serious street survival gear, backpack loaded and 3 shopping bags with extra clothes in them attached around his waist to his belt. And HE bought 2 old fashions. The workers sound like "Tammy" from the nail salon comedy bit. They sell Oreo cookies by the roll they just took out of the box, no packaged for re-sale here. Ok now Tammy is speaking good broken Spanish. Man I Iike it here, you won't get that "mas puto!" vibe you get at Starbucks or Fair Trade when your lady drags you into places like that.
4	Ahhh donuts, how I've missed you. I haven't had a good donut since I left Houston 3 years ago. I suffered though Dunkin Donuts, Le Caves and even Donut Wheel in Tucson. It was horrid. I contemplated making my own, but it just ain't the same.  I moved in down the street and decided to take a stroll to Rainbow this morning. I was super happy when my donuts were fresh and supernoms. I also ordered a Boba tea which was so good!  I am always  so disappointed when the boba to tea ratio is off, and I must say I was not disappointed today. Perfect! It was hard to understand the lady behind the counter but that doesn't really affect the scoring. As long as the donuts are good, I am a happy lady. :)
5	Awesome donuts! They remember you after a couple of times and make you feel like an appreciated regular. This place will always be my standard for donuts.
4	One of my roommates was extolling the beauty of Bosa.  I asked if they were as good as Rainbow, but she had never tried Rainbow.So - we decided to do a taste test.  Three of us in the house - so we would get 3 different (but like) donuts from each.  The plan was to bring them back home, cut to sample size, and note flavor, texture and overall preference.The guy roommate's favorite is glazed raised.  The gal leans to sugar raised and I figured glazed old fashioned is a safe baseline for taste testing.We went to Rainbow first.  No problem getting the donuts we wanted.  I also picked up a half dozen donut holes.  Was not thrilled to be charged $0.50 for the box, but c'est la vie.  Girl roommate also got a watermelon frappe type of drink.  A bit sweet for my tastes, but very, very watermelony.Next stop Bosa.  They didn't have regular sugar raised - used powdered sugar instead.  (I have a hard time trusting that the regular sugar didn't stick - somehow they managed to make it work at Rainbow!)  So the granulated vs. powdered sugar raised would not be as scientific a comparison, but we'd make do.  No problem with the glzed and old fashioned.  We also picked up ham and swiss croissants.  One can never have too much pastry, right? :)Results -      Glazed raised - Bosa was slightly denser and chewier - more mouth satisfaction.  Rainbow was cloudlike fluffy and light.  Great texture, but we didn't feel satisfied from chewing.  Rainbow was slightly sweeter.          ~Votes - 3 for Bosa.~     Old Fashioned - textures were identical.  Rainbow had a slight lemon (or maybe aspatrame?) flavor in the back end of the tasting.          ~Votes - 1 slight lean to Bosa, 2 Draw~     Sugar raised - texture of donut was identical to glazed raised above.  (duh - same donut, different topping.)  The gal roomie likes granulated.  The guy roomie preferred the powdered.  I liked both.          ~Votes - 1 Bosa, 1 Rainbow, 1 Draw.So, Bosa comes out with a slight edge.  And we came out with a slight sugar rush.  I can't help but wonder what our next scientific food research challenge will be!
4	Wow, Rainbow Donuts, what a difference new management can make.   This place has really "baked" a new standard for tasty doughnuts in the Phoenix area.  The restaurant takes pride in a clean front seating area and a very clean kitchen.-Hours, 4am to 7pm Baking the doughnuts everyday makes the doughs soft and sweet.  I also enjoy the bagel or croissant sandwiches.  If you like croissants get their early before they sell out.  The multiple shops are not owned by the same person or group.  I work close to the McDowell Rainbow Donuts, so its my favorite. People love a doughnut why not share them with your friends or co works.  Sincerely,Kevin
5	Doughnuts are legit.  'Nuff said.
2	I was really excited to try this place: old-school donut shop in my new hood? Score!Well, Meh indeed.  The donuts were stale-looking and picked over by the time I got there (11:30am) so I opted for a croissant sandwich.  They went back and made it as I stood there for about ten minutes.  Which I wouldn't have minded if the sandwich was great, but it was just ok--sloppy with lots of cheapo mustard and low-level dairy meats.  I don't plan on going back any time soon, but maybe I'll give it another try early in the morning and see if it's better.
4	Rainbow Donuts is the survivor of a dying breed.  Donuts, coffee and a few other breakfast items.  So simple, so good, and so hard to find.  The only thing this place seems to be missing is a drive through.  But then again, if you're picking up donuts, you can probably use that 10 foot walk from your car to the store.The donuts are soft, sweet and light. Not too greasy and oily, and not too caky or spongy.  I can eat three or four of Rainbow's Donuts and not get that sick "why did I have so many" feeling.  The donuts are also a little smaller than most places, but they're also cheaper.  The selection is pretty big, and it would be pretty hard to not to find something worth trying.  It's kind of weird that there's quite a few different prices for the types of donuts, but that may save you a few cents in the long run, so I guess it works out.Rainbow is open everyday from 4am to 7pm.  If you're looking for a treat on your way downtown, it's the perfect place to stop for a few minutes.  The parking lot is very small, but parking isn't very difficult.  Most people don't hang around very long.  It's very quick in and out service.
5	No No No, not the Sprinkles...I am ALL About the Maple Long John!!!Made the stop this morning for a little Christmas Eve Eve dozen for My Battle Buddies in "The Cubes"! Haha. They are so warm and moist this early in the morning. I do recommend that you try to make the short drive on over to The the Rainbow for a tasty treat. Have an Amazing Day Arizona!
4	While en route to the grocery store with doughnuts lingering in my mind....I just happened to pass Rainbow Doughnut and flipped a quick u-turn.The Bacon Doughnut tackled my craving with ease.It's a quick in and out friendly service.  Now just have to bring a dozen into the office.
4	Sometimes you wake up in the morning with an insatiable need to have a doughnut....last weekend was one of those mornings.The doughnuts here are pretty good. I come from Boston where even D&D has delicious doughnuts so it's hard to please me when it comes to the beautiful circles of soft sweetness. However, these do the trick I guess.My favorite are the honey glazed of course.  If you go early they are still pretty warm!I'd recommend them.
1	There donuts are good but the nastiest coffee ever!! I threw up!! I ordered an iced coffee. THe girl ask if I wanted flavor and milk I said sure thinking I was going to put in my own milk and get a regular shot of flavor, but all I got was iced milk that was super sweet I don't even think there was coffee in it. I don't drink milk the only time I ever use it is in coffee. Learn how to make drinks $2.50 for undrinkable coffee I am super pissed I guess I should of drank some before I left. This was the 7th street location boo boo boo boo
3	Randonly stopped by here when I was driving in the area.  Its definitely better than dunkin donuts, but really just an average (or slightly above average) donut shop.  I wanted to try the bacon donut that other yelpers have written about, but they didn't have any at the time.  The donuts I did have were not bad.  Hopefully next time I'm in the area they will have the bacon donuts available.
4	I stopped here to get a donut for my daughter before school. I got a cruler. Best cruler I have EVER had. However, there's a few things you have to be aware of when you go. One, I got carded to use my card which has my maiden name so I had to scrounge up cash and change from my car because they wouldnt let me use my card. Two, I ordered a blended coffee. I watched the Asian lady make it, no coffee went in the blender... it tasted like a terrible milkshake. My daughter got a strawberry frosted nd some donut holes. They were terrible. The frosting tasted like plastic.  The reason I'm giving a 4 star is because the cruler was THAT GOOD. I'm going to give them another try... when I have cash.
4	You may want to try Rainbows other location that has been at 51st Ave & Thomas for years.I used to take my grandddaughters there back in the 90's when I serviced the shop when I worked for Ameripride linen.Still "good stuff "best to get there before 11 AM when it's warm and fresh.
5	Great variety, inexpensive and exactly what we wanted on a Sunday morning.
4	In my many donut eating years, the best has been in Santa Clara, CA at Stan's and Voodoo in Portland. This place tries to recreate the maple bacon experience, but it seems to be the only doughnut that they decided to get creative about. On a personal note, I usually walk out of donut shops that are asian-owned, just because through the years, I never have seen anything but run of the mill stuff from those places. I tend to gravitate to the old white guy making donuts.    Rainbow tended to follow the same script, except for the maple bacon concoction, which turned out to be very good. The bacon was crunchy and every bite was a good experience. Also liked the vanilla creamer available for the coffee and tried the buttermilk also, but although it was big, it tasted like any other buttermilk donut in the world. Go for the bacon or go somewhere else.
4	God these guys are GREAT!!!!! It really makes me sad that I am off sugar (and alcohol and tobacco-my liver and lungs are on an extended vacation) because their donuts are so damn good.I admittedly got caught up in that whole Krispy Kreme kick years back and perhaps I suffered a sugar overload that made me forget how much I loved a good, old school donut. Richard R. is right when he says they are the survivor of a dying breed.They do their cake donuts just right and the glazed are a perfect balance of airy and doughy. The chocolate filled are the winners in my office as they have the unanimous thumbs up from everyone.The folks that run the shop are super sweet and always cheerful (which is more than I can say for myself if it's morning and I'm on my way to work!) and their goodies always put a smile on my face.
5	This place has the best old fashion donuts!! EVER!  Yes they are sweet, that is why I must like them ;)  I have tried many of their donuts and love them all.  Their buttermilk donuts are also very good, however they are very heavy.  Literally heavy and fried goodness, ha ha.  So if you like more the traditional lighter donuts go for the non-cake ones.If you don't go here because you think the place looks "sketchy" that is too bad for you. . . .because you are probably missing out on a bunch of great places in Phoenix that aren't the "Kierland Commons" or  a chain.  BOO!    Grab a dozen and bring them to the office and watch your coworkers scarf them down.
5	Best donuts in the valley...hands down.Let me start by saying that I have had a 30 year long obsession with donuts that has taken me around this country in search of the best donuts wherever I happen to be. Home is Phoenix and I drive 25 minutes out of the way to visit THIS Rainbow Donut shop.  The other is down the street... Good. Not the same. Whether you are into the perfectly fluffy raised and glazed or the old school cake donuts, you will not be disappointed. Croissants and other pastries are also fantastic and deserve a try. But the real masterpiece at Rainbow is their enormous (and standard priced) Buttermilk donut. It will fill you up like eating three regular donuts as I'm pretty sure they use a yeast based dough to make this little gift-from-donut-heaven. They claim to be the best donuts in the state, I can't validate that. But, I can tell you they are top 3 out of dozens of shops I've been to in a handful of states, dozens of cities.
3	Solid donut spot, best I've had in Phoenix so far. The fritter was tasty with great apple goodness but it was missing the rich cinnamon taste I'd expect and was super greasy. I would say the grease didn't take away from the taste. The other donuts were good too.Still on the hunt for a five star donut shop in Phoenix.
5	This place isn't much to look at; in fact it's terrifying. They have Christmas ornaments with lights stung up all year long, which is bizarre. But so what...Their breakfast sandwiches are delicious, greasy, and just bad for you. Very enjoyable. If you want a "feel good" moment, come here for a breakfast croissant.And now on to the star of the show: Donuts. Made fresh every day. If you come early enough (the earliest I came was at 4am on Valentine's Day!) the donuts are still warm.I cannot say in just one post how delicious and AWESOME their donuts are. Greasy, decadent, bad for you...something for everyone! Yes this is as good as it gets, folks. Try this place out, either for breakfast and/or donuts. You won't be disappointed.
2	I was hopeful that this would be a good experience, but The donuts were just ok...  Nothing special...  Nothing to make me want to return.
4	MAPLE BACON DONUTS!!!!!!!!!!I have been hearing about Rainbow donuts and how they have maple bacon donuts, so I was in the area and I made a stop for them.  It was about 11:30 on a Sat morning, and I knew that my odds of finding them where pretty slim because I have already been forewarned that they sell out pretty fast. I walked in and saw the display case of donuts, the normal kinds you find at a shop, and I was going to give up on my search for them, but the lady behind the counter asked me what I had wanted and I told her it doesn't look like you have what I came for and told her what I was seeking, she asked me how many did I want, told her 4, she said give me 3 minutes and I'll have them for you! OMG she was going to make me some right then and there! This lady rocks in my book! She came back out with 4 maple bacon donuts, they looked sooo good, I thanked her for making them just for me and took my donuts home.  3 out of 4 loved them! The picky one (my oldest daughter) said I know that's not bacon on my donut. She couldn't get her mind wrapped around it!  The donut was perfect! The maple and bacon melted and blended beautifully!! I am a fan!
4	I cannot belive I have just found myself coming into this place.I have passed it many times through out the years. I cannot remember if it was always call Rainbow or not. But, I remember it being there.Anyway, it is colorfully painted ,so you will not miss it as you drive by.I was in charge of picking up some doughnuts for work. I almost forgot, so I was on my way to the job and saw the sign.Wow, I was surprised how nice it was.Smelled like fresh baked goods inside.  They say they bake fresh doughnuts every day. I say they are better than Duncan!Apple Fritter was fantastic. I got a dozen to go in a lovely pink box. As well as a couple of coffees. I was a popular guy that day.By the way they even have breakfast and lunch food , not just baked goods.Look for the brightly colored building.
2	Two stars for poor customer service. It doesn't matter how good your donuts are, you probably shouldn't ask a pregnant lady if she should be drinking coffee. It's none of your business and quite rude.For the record, everything is okay in moderation, including donuts and a little iced coffee!I told my husband we won't be coming back here.
5	Consistently delicious.
5	Donuts are the source of more smiles than both rainbows and unicorns.  Combined.  I read that somewhere on the ol' interweb... and dangit, I believe it.  Especially if those donuts are from Rainbow.Maple bacon, whipped cream filled, toasted coconut, chocolate cake with coconut shavings.  Those are just a few of the magical flavors that the wizards at Rainbow have concocted with their wizardry.    Everyone, put your hands up in the air and say it with me now... RAINBOW DONUTS, WOO HOO!
3	So at the time I was very impressed because that apple fritter really was the best I've ever had.  But it was a tiny bit raw in the middle...  Had to be reflected.The cake donut was ok, I've never been a huge fan of these and no its not special here.The boston creme donut - my favorite donut - was fluffy and soft so good in that way.  However, the filling was only in half the donut and it tasted chalky..  :'(The apple fritters like I said were wonderful.  By far the best thing I tried here.  It's almost like they fried a puddle of krispy kreme dough with some apples mixed in.  Very soft and fluffy.  Slightly too much glaze and a tiny bit raw in the middle.. but it will still haunt my dreams.  I would definitely stick to plain glazed with or without chocolate and fritters.  Yum!
5	Came here for a kolachi but only the northern location has them. Oh well. But still enjoyed the maple bacon donut and the sprinkle donut. Not good for the diet but good for the soul. The lady behind counter was super sweet and nice. Really liked the friendly atmosphere.
5	Strawberry glaze donut... oh how I hate you so much cause you are so irresistible. The donut is light as air and is just the perfect amount of sweet. It's a sin to be so tasty. Rainbow Donut's you are worth the extra mile on the treadmill!
4	These are really good donuts! Fast service and lots of choices. Bought a couple of dozen donuts for my co-workers and they loved them as well. My favorite was the plain glazed donut. It was so fluffy! They were all fresh.My only complaint was the bacon donut, I noticed in the pictures that some have bacon "sprinkles" were the bacon looks real and crispy but in little tiny pieces and then some just have 4 pieces of bacon placed on top.Yeah, I didn't care for the one topped with 4 pieces of bacon and that is all they had. I will continue to come here and see if I get lucky!
5	I hadn't had a donut in years because it was just disappointment after disappointment and I just stopped wanting them. I had a random donut craving today and went here. The donuts I got were PERFECT. Light, fresh, airy and delicious. Plus, so cheap.
3	The apple fritter tasted like stale, homemade donut. The lemon filled donut was amazing. The interior is very "hole in the wall." The woman was friendly but tried to pressure me to buy a cinnamon roll I never hinted that I wanted. $2.50 for the two items.
5	My husband and I had a hankering for donuts one afternoon.  So we decided to try rainbow donuts. We've lived in the area for 10 years and never thought about this place. My husband is a die hard DD fan. I decided on old fashioned and buttermilk. The buttermilk was so good! Crunchy on the outside, moist and buttermilky on the inside. Yum yum! My husband got the jelly and Boston cream. The Boston cream was a Boston cream - delicious!!
5	Stumbled in one morning (about 4 AM)  looking for something to get me started and asked the "Baker" what the best Donut was. He responded that "glazed is our best."In the case I saw a Whipped Cream filled Glazed Donut. Combine two of my favorite food groups and I am a sucker.About six or seven trips later (I have lost track!) I am still absolutely in love with this combination. The Baker swears it is real whipped cream, I doubt it but I could care less it is so good!Don't miss it!
