5	I don't usually write about franchised all over the place store, but I know i HAVE to write one for this Aldo shoe store. I don't recall the last time I was this satisfied shopping.I guess Aldo's shoe sizes varies a lot with the different styles. My sister went and tried on at least 10 pairs of shoes (that means the store person walked in and out at least 8 times). She ended up not wanting anything. The store person was very nice and didn't give attitude at all. I then saw 2 pairs that I want. While i'm usually size 7 (or 37).. I ended up trying on 37,38, and a pair of 39. She didn't lose her patience at all.I am totally going back for more Aldo shopping if I ever go back to Vegas!
4	This was their ACCESSORIES store.They didn't have their shoes :(But cute purses, hats and jewelry! :DI like ALDO. This was a good store. Sales (buy one get one free, 50% off, etc)!!! Love it.
5	Sort of Like Claire,s on steroids, and much hipper.  Small space, so hyper trendy for each season.  Love the rhinestone bracelets, and my new fringy handbag that already got me great hip cred.I just realized thatPlanet Hollywood has a style...I guess I lived inHollywood so long, I thought it was just regular..It,s LA style!Hot hip and lots of fun affordable bling!
4	This review is for the Aldo Accessories store at PH.  I always make a point to visit when I'm in Vegas, and I always score.  For sure, this is throwaway fashion, but it's fun to live in the moment!  Great trendy jewelry and bags for a night out in Vegas, and the price is always right.
3	I didn't find other reviews accurate.  The store is decent sized and carry mens and womens shoes, as well as purses and accessories. Perfect if your dogs are tired from being in heels and you need some relief, found a good selection of affordable flats and sandals, some on sale even.
4	Last week I got to browse around for a bit at Aldo in the Miracle Mile Shops in Las Vegas while the hubby gambled nearby in Planet Hollywood.  This store is actually smaller than the one I'm used to in Sacramento's Arden Mall.They have a small selection of men's and women's shoes and accessories.  I have small feet and they rarely have my shoe size so most of the time the store always end up ordering them for me online.  Low and behold my luck changed....not only did I find a pair of black booties that were super cute, they actually had my size in stock.  The cashier (an employee with the initial "J") told me that there were no discounts since the pair of shoes I wanted were part of their newer selection that just came in but I didn't mind since I couldn't really pass it up.  He was nice enough though to give me a VIP sign up discount at 10% to help save me a little bit of money.  Kudos to "J" for going above and beyond on this particular sale.  Great customer service.
5	I came here looking for a bag to go with some shoes i bought the previous day (see the review below) and walked out with a bag i loved and it went perfect with my shoes. Everyone was nice, helpful and the sale prices were great. My bag was 30 percent off with sale price so i ended up getting it for $27. That was a steal to me!
