5	Absolutely love this shop! If you are looking to get any stationery done like invitations ,labels, etc.. This is the place to get them ! Her work is beautiful ! I give this shop 5 stars ! I recommend this shop to all my friends and they loved it ! Love love love! It's affordable and beautiful work
4	Aisle Bond is always very colorful, creative and affordable.  They always turn my vision into a reality, no matter how confusing it may be. I like to be unique and never go with samples "as if". Aisle Bond makes sure to follow along, no matter how many times we try. Great, efficient and affordable.  AMAZING WORK!
5	We enlisted the services of Aisle Bound to craft our wedding and bridal shower invitations. The quality and craftsmanship were more than we expected. We were so happy with the above items that we returned to have our Christmas cards made too. We will definitely be returning to Aisle Bound for our future needs.
5	I found Aisle Bound in a google search.  I knew I wanted a unique and shabby chic look that I wouldnt find from a commercial vendor. I communicated my needs via email; she was prompt and patient.  We started with my wedding invitations and since have moved on to bridal shower thank you's, placement cards, welcome notes, etc. Everything she does is absolutely perfect! I highly recommend her services!
5	Aisle Bound designed our daughters high school graduation announcements. Not only did we get EXACTLY what we wanted, but Lexy was so professional throughout the entire design process. The pricing is totally reasonable, and Lexy is an absolute pleasure to work with. I highly recommend Aisle Bound to everyone, and I will definitely be contacting Aisle Bound in the future!!
5	I loved working with aisle bound for my reception stationary. The moment I met with Lexy, I knew that I had made the right choice in going with her. I only wish I found her before I ordered my invitations! She was quick to send updates and got everything done efficiently! Affordable too which is always a plus :)
5	Aisle bound truly delivered for our wedding.  I was referred from a friend after I thought I could go the do-it-yourself route to save some money, big mistake btw. Don't ever do it yourself let Aisle Bound do it for you. Her mind is amazing she gets your theme and knows what you want. After saving my invitations and even using some of our original supplies, she designed our menus, all signage for the reception, graphic art, door tags for our welcome bags, stickers to be placed on the bags and I'm sure other items I can't think of right now. In addition she was well priced and an absolute doll to work with. She did more for my wedding than I did. You will be extremely happy if you're lucky enough to work with Aisle Bound.I know what I forgot now, our thank you post cards which everyone raved about. In addition to my bridal shower invitations.
1	I met with Lexy to go over my save the dates- said she would be in contact with me in a week. I finally had to text her after 2wks as I still didn't receive the rough draft of my save the dates. After I sent her a text she quickly emailed me with what looks like a quickly thrown together save the date. I emailed her back about my changes to the draft- WEEKS went by and she never responded to my emails and text messages about changes to the invites. I understand people get busy but LACK of communication or really NO communication is just unprofessional-especially when you run a business. I finally texted her to cancel my order and you would think she would be professional enough to respond, apologize, etc but nope. Still, no communication. Luckily I found someone else to do my save the dates and they came out beautiful. Definitely would not recommend this person and her business to anyone.
