4	This place was recommended to me by a trusted neighbor.  I did something stupid mid-week and needed to get my car fixed - quickly, thoroughly and at a reasonable price.I called at 8:50 am on a Saturday and explained my issue.  "Come on in!" was the immediate response from Shana.  I arrived and Chandler almost instantly was working on my car - test driving, examining all systems, looking for both obvious and hidden damages.  He showed me exactly where the problem was and how to resolve it.The issue was resolved, my car is fixed, service is prompt and professional and pricing is a great value.
5	This is the second time I have taken my car into this shop and the mechanic was completely honest! SO SO SO refreshing. Heard a loud thumping and feared it might be a CV joint reading google, found out from them it was only a bolt inside my tire. Being a girl, Im so happy to find an honest mechanic who wont take advantage of girls. I HIGHLY recommend them!This is after taking my car three times to Firestone who said I needed all this work on my car when it wasnt needed after all. They said it I needed all new brakes, rotors, and other stuff for $985. Took my car to these guys and all I needed was my rotors repaired and one brake pad. DONT GO TO FIRESTONE IN STEELE CREEK!
5	I usually don't review products and services, even though it's a great thing to do. Maybe from now, I'll try and remember to write reviews. In this case, as soon as I left the place I decided that giving these guys 5 stars would be the first thing I do when I got back home. I'll keep it short and precise: 1) Called and made an appointment for Inspection the same day within an hour. Got there - very polite, very organized, they started working on the car within five minutes. 2) They found a leak on the exhaust pipe. The two options were: a) Try and repair it by brushing it, putting a bead, and welding it and checking again. Time and Cost - 1 hour, ~80. b) Replace the entire exhaust pipe - $300+. 3) THEY proposed option a. Then finished the job successfully in 20 minutes and for $50. I can think of many other places that would have said that it's not possible to fix the exhaust pipe and made me replace the entire pipe. Would definitely go back again. Highly recommend.
5	I ordered two tires online Wednesday and had them delivered directly to Steele Creek Tire & Service Center. The tires arrived Friday morning. I called around noon and arranged for them to be installed at 4 pm. I arrived a little early, and they were installed and I was ready to go in about an hour. They are very friendly and organized. They didn't try to upsale me anything. Very reasonably priced. I will definitely use them again.
5	We are very pleased with their service. They've been very helpful and have very reliable.
