4	FYI: This is not a bar. That is a good thing. They have strictly cases, some refrigerated but mostly not. Lots of micros, cans, bottles, and the macro standards as well. For any of you familiar with Sav-Mor on Browns Hill Road (or the less geographically inclined, the "road to the Waterfront"), it's a smaller version with literally identical prices. Which is also a good thing. Also cool: they're taking special orders for cases. I got a call this week for my request. They're still getting the prices up on all the shelves, but have a list that you can snag at the door to look through. They're open some crazy late hours (11 pm or so on the weekends) which is pretty awesome, considering until now it was tough to find anything better than a 6-pack of Natty Ice at White Eagle in the South Side after 9pm.
5	By far my favorite beer distributor in the South Side. I've been coming here for the past year and have always had a good experience. The staff is consistently friendly and their prices and specials are the best. 24 chilled 12 oz Miller Light cans for $15. Not bad at all! The place itself is very nice as well. It's very modern and clean. Definitely the nicest beer store I've ever experienced. I do suggest if you're coming here to pick your beer up in the day. As you know, parking on Carson at night is the worst.
4	Cool beer distributor in the heart of southside whenever u just dont feel like sitting at  a  bar for a beer. We stopped in Friday went looking for Straw-ber-ritas. The gentleman working said that he had some cold and warm. We headed to the cooler only to find the raspberry and lime flavors. I went back up to the counter to let the him know i couldn't find them in the cooler. He went and grabbed the warm ones for me. He was friendly, the price was just fine and it's convenient to where i live.
4	A really nice place to buy some beer on the South Side. It seems to have recently been renovated with hardwood floors, and it looks great on the inside (including a huge flat screen for the staff to watch). I stopped in here and a rep from a brewery was actually handing out free samples (of 4 different beers!). The one drawback I had is that I think this place is a bit pricey, especially compared to my home distributor at Pistella in Friendship.
