5	Finally found a place for fish & chips!!! I've enjoyed the burgers & fries as well. I'm putting this place on the map!
5	I finally found my Friday night fish fry! Hush puppies are great not over cooked. The burgers & fries are good too.
4	We thought we were going to Tom's BBQ, but recently this changed over to Bourbon Street and since Mr. M and I were starving, we thought what the heck.  I have mixed feelings about this review so I'm just going to break it down.  The location still has BBQ and added a Cajun/Creole aspect to the menu.We were greeted right away by a friendly young man who pointed us towards the newly remodeled bar.  It looks great!  It used to be kind of a short bar along one wall.  Now they've extended it out and added some sexy lights that I heard change colors, but were green this afternoon, and added a foot rest and hooks for ladies to hang their purses on.  Very nice improvement over the old layout.The bar seating was almost full so we sat at a 4-top nearby and were completely ignored for 10 minutes or so.  What looked to be manager or owner types (couple - she with blonde hair, he with bald head and thick black glasses) were standing just outside the kitchen surveying the restaurant and didn't notice us at all.   They did notice those near them playing cards.  Also the bartender and a server just walked on by, even though I gave them my best German penetrating stare.  Finally a nice gal came by and asked if we'd been helped yet.  We said, "No" and she chewed the bartender out a bit for not telling her there was someone new.  She took our drink order right away.  They have added to the tap selection, a few more Four Peaks brews and Corona Light.  Nothing that gets me too excited.  I had a Dos Equis Amber and Mr. M had the Four Peaks IPA.I ordered the shrimp dinner with mac and cheese, instead of cole slaw, and fries.  Mr. M had the 3 meat BBQ platter (pulled pork, pork ribs, and brisket) with fries and red beans and rice.  Here's where I really need to break it down.The ribs were tender, moist, smoky, and had a very nice flavor.  PERFECT.  Our server said they are using a mojo rub.   I dunno...but that's what I want when I go back.  Ridiculously good. 5/5The brisket was dry and only slightly smoky, but the burnt ends of two pieces were really good.  I would probably not order the brisket again. 2/5The pulled pork was delicious.  Seems to me that pork is probably the specialty here. 4/5The red beans and rice were fantastic.  It's hard to find good red beans and rice outside the bayou and these were smoky and very good with what I think was pieces of shredded pork mixed in.  Delicious.  5/5My mac and cheese was okay, but could have been a little cheesier.  3/5The shrimp were very good with their light batter-dipped breading.  Loved those too, just didn't get enough of them.  5/5The fries.  The fries.  Tasted like catfish.  And it's really too bad.  They look like fresh cut potatoes, and were cooked to a perfect, crisp golden brown.  They tasted like a fish tank.   When I mentioned to our server that really everything was cooked perfectly, but the fries taste like catfish, she said, "I know.  I know.  I hear it all the time, and on fish fry Fridays they all taste like fish."  Damn.  Separate your freakin' fryers.  Not doing so is either lazy, OR if you fry a lot of taters in the fish grease, it will make the grease last longer, but it will make your fries taste like fish.  Especially catfish.  Separate your fryers.  Fries: 1/5.  I wouldn't order them again.  Sad too, because they looked good.  Tasted bad.Then for desert he had some Dewars & water and I had some Jameson & water.  Drinks were delivered promptly and reasonably priced.  I would come back again for the ribs, red beans & rice, shrimp, and possibly the mac & cheese.  Not the fries.*UPDATE I got a msg from Chef Terry on 4/3/13 that now they have a fryer dedicated to fries only.  Yahoo!  Can't wait to go back!
2	Was greeted and seated right away and then the wait was on.  The waitress wasn't very friendly and you could see that she recognized regular Customers and found that potentially new customers were a bother. BBQ is fair, the fries were fresh cut but still had the taste of a raw potato even though they were cooked .  Seems to be a restaurant in transition (formerly Tom's BBQ) this is the third business in the same store front maybe they'll have a better run but they already need to start working on the staff and really need to find their self as a restaurant is it Cajun or is it BBQ or a hamburger place. Anyway I wish them luck.
4	This place has one of the best tasting burgers I have ever eatin. Bottom bun is a little soggy but the fact that they know how to cook the meat a true medium rare makes up for it. Mushroom Swiss or the Zydeco burger are what I recommend.
5	What a great neighborhood hangout!  I'm so glad I found Bourbon Street.  I have an affinity towards all things Louisiana, especially NOLA.  I'm always in search of a good shrimp Po Boy and theirs was absolutely delicious, they use a good quality shrimp and it makes a big difference.  I was determined to have a few cocktails and the bartender did right by me.  He was fast, friendly and did a great job of keeping everyone's drinks bottomless.  They also have $1 jello shots which were hard to resist so I had a few.  The bar was clean and so were the restrooms.  A few of the chairs could stand to be recovered but other than that, I have no complaints.  While I sat there I talked to a few of the regulars and everyone was super friendly.  After I had been there I while, I realized that one of the people sitting at the bar was the owner and I was shocked, he was really nice and down to Earth and even paid his own tab.  We only found out he was the owner because we were commenting on this really awesome lion head that hangs over the bar and he gave us the background story.  I've worked in plenty of bars in college.  It's always easy to spot the owner because he's a giant asshole to his staff, never leaves his spot, orders the most expensive things on the menu and doesn't pay or tip - but this guy was the total opposite.  I really hope this place makes it!
4	Just tried this yesterday and it was delicious!  We ordered the Boudin Balls which were not to our taste, the sauce they came with though was delicious.  The Jambalya was really good.  I had the 2 meat platter with Ribs, Sausage, French Fries and Macaroni and cheese.  I loved it all.  The BBQ sauce is phenemonal! We also got the Peach Cobbler for dessert because it's one of my favorites and it did not dissapoint.  The peaches were firm and sweet. It was amazing!I can't wait to go back again and try other new things like the fish and chips and fried pickles.
2	Went for dinner tonight with my hubby.  We made the haul out of Maricopa just to go to this place - so our expectations were rather high - maybe if it was just around the corner I wouldn't have been so disappointed.The good - pulled pork, potato salad & ribs - sauce was good, catfish fingers were liked by hubby. The mediocre - red beans & rice, macaroni & cheese, dirty riceThe bad - rolls that came with dinner - just a cold floury out of  a package roll.  The brisket - dry and not very flavorful.  The boudin balls - they were out - but didn't tell us till well after we'd ordered our main meal - got catfish fingers instead, but due to timing those came out after our food.  They were also out of their Voodoo Magic Cake - which sounded delish and I was hoping would have brought this place back up into my graces.  Ok looking place, ok food, ok service - if we were in the neighborhood we might go again for the pork - but for sure not making an out of the way trip here again.
3	Went on a Saturday night for live music for a friend's birthday.  First time there, and I was impressed by the decor and ambiance.  Got a seat in the restaurant section because the bar was packed.  Waitress looked too young to serve alcohol and was pretty slow, but friendly enough.  Vodka sodas were heavy on price and light on vodka, not a great combo.  We tried ordering food and they were out of everything we tried to order.  The food we did end up getting was OK, nothing spectacular but not bad (I'm guessing all their "good" stuff was gone??).  I might be back to try their shrimp etouffe only because I don't know of any other places in the southeast Valley that have it, but I won't be rushing to go back.
3	First time here for my husband and I.  The service was excellent.  Food was average.  I had fried seafood platter.  The fried cat fish was excellent,  fried oysters had to sent back because it was undercooked.  Fries were average so was the mac and cheese.  My husband had sausage sandwich which was average.  I might come back and try again.
4	Great change!  Used to be Tom's BBQ. More selection on the menu. Taste of Louisiana in Chandler!
2	Been here a few times now, okay place for happy hour and reasonable drinks. The food on the other hand, don't get excited. The shrimp appetizer even at half off for happy hour is sketchy. Plain shrimp with pretty much thousand island dressing. wow. I've been to New Orleans, this is a far cry. I tried the gumbo once, like the other reviews, mostly a brown goo. Kind of disappointing, since it would be awesome to have good cajun food here in Chandler. Staff seems friendly, but owners uninvolved, at least I've never had an experience that was great, and even when I told the waitress the shrimp was just so-so, it was like "oh well". It's a shame, I live within walking distance, so I was hoping for more.
1	This place used to be Tom's BBQ, and when it changed into Bourbon St we thought we would try it. We got there right at dinner time, and only 1 table had customers. Our waiter had TERRIBLE body odor- off to a bad start. The menu looked fairly extensive. However, the waiter then began to list off about 10 items they did not have from that menu that day.  It turned out that the few items that appealed to me were not available that night. We decided not to even eat there and left. We won't be back.
2	This is a place that I really want to like. It used to be.  Tom's BBQ and we loved it then. Bourbon Street took over and expanded the bar we thought "ok it'll be a happening happy hour spot with good food".  First time there I had the fish fry and was disappointed, it was more like the frozen fish in the blue box than fresh filets dipped in batter and fried on the spot.  Next time I went I had gumbo which was brought to the table luke-warm. Children's menu Mac and cheese was the stuff from the box as well not a "from scratch" version I'd expect from a BBQ / Cajun menu restaurant. Floors looked like they needed a good sweep and mop and broken chairs were pushed against the wall.  This is an awesome neighborhood location and I'd really like to see it improve so it can survive.  We're not ready to give up on it yet, but were choosing it less.
1	Sorry. 3 day old rice. Food was cold and the wings were stale.  I won't be back.
2	The ribs might have been the worst ribs I've ever had.  Service was bad, I was a little surprised by how busy it was.  Maybe I missed something the first time and should give it another try
1	Was greeted and seated right away and then the wait was on.  The waitress wasn't very friendly and you could see that she recognized regular Customers and found that potentially new customers were a bother. BBQ is fair, the fries were fresh cut but still had the taste of a raw potato even though they were cooked .  Seems to be a restaurant in transition (formerly Tom's BBQ) this is the third business in the same store front maybe they'll have a better run but they already need to start working on the staff and really need to find their self as a restaurant is it Cajun or is it BBQ or a hamburger place. Anyway I wish them luck. Visited a second time with the Wife, Sister and Nephew and have decided that we will not be going back - I wish them well.NOW CLOSED
