5	Had a great experience with Donna, she called me the day I booked online to introduce herself and to confirm my reservation.  When I arrived she was very helpful.  The location of the store is perfect and feels very safe.
5	Great experience. Will rent any time great employee  Amanda has a great sense of humor
5	I have a storage unit there for some time now.Amanda helped me set up everything very fast and efficiently. It is well kept and always clean.I have no issues or problems with my unit or the property.I would recommend it to my family and friends.Safe place to keep your value belongings.
5	I have used this location multiple times over the last 7 years. I have always had a great experience and the customer service has alwaya been top notch.  Amanda is amazing, she is always helpful and friendly.  She has a great since of humor a wonderful smile and always does everything she can to help out. I would definitely recommend this location.
5	Really great customer service. The person that helped me was incredibly efficient and polite! I will be recommending this company to my family and friends!!!!
2	The unit itself was good however there's only 2 elevators to get upstairs and they're on only one side of the building not really helpful for everyone in the opposite side. When I signed my lease they didn't charge me for the lock and then expected me to drive back across town (where I was moving to) I told them I wouldn't be able to until they were closed and then had work during their hours for the next few days they said I had to pay for it before I move in which I was doing that day so I had to get a manager involved to take my payment over the phone. I wasn't going to be inconvenienced because they messed up. After tart everything was ok into move out. I scheduled my date online were it says to do so before the first for a chance on pro rate I was hopeful since I was only using it for 10 days. I call to make the payment nope you only get that luxury if you move out by the 5th! When you rent homes you only pay for they days you're there why should this be any different?! I know very well that they'll put somebody in there the next day if somebody wants it and charge UA both full price sounds pretty scam like to me. So anyone who needs to move out do so before the 5th or be prepared to pay full price
