4	Was a great spot to stop carnitas were great and the taco shells were made there not some store folded thing. Wife liked the enchilada plate too lots of food for the money. we shall go back
5	Nice little place to stop and grab some food in gila bend. Has the usual Mexican food menu you might expect from a drive thru style business. I had a carne asada burrito that was freshly made and taste great. If by any chance you find yourself out in these woods I would make the stop! Lol
5	Get anything Carne Asada! Big portions and great price. I was forced to kill my girlfriends leftovers and then her daughters too!
5	What a great place to eat. The burrtios are huge and the carne asada is so tastey!. Angel the manager is a great cook and a very polite guy. I always walk out happy with a full tummy. If you want to eat real good Mexican food, stop by at humbertos you will be very happy!
1	This place was not our first choice, but we could not find the other Mexican spot. We found the food bland, the salsa was probably canned, the beans appeared to be also. My husband found the tiny, flimsy plastic forks hard to use. The horchata was too sweet for my taste. Seemed pricey for the setting, the plastic. Can not recommend.
5	On our drive back to San Diego from Tucson, we needed to stop for gas and food. Being in the middle of no where, we were lucky to stumbled upon this spot. I got a egg, bean, cheese, and bacon burrito and was quite impressed. My mom got a Pollo Asada taco and it looked really good. The place was legit, clean inside and the staff was friendly. I thought the food was delicious and I wish the place was closer so I could explore the menu more. I would recommend to anyone in the area.
4	After leaving the Space Joint nearby still hungry, we ate here. I admit, I didn't like my beef enchiladas because they used shredded beef instead of ground beef and ultimately I didn't eat them. However, the service was great and the food quality was outstanding. Thankfully, my girlfriend shared half of her Ginormous Shrimp Burrito- it was delicious.
5	I was there for dinner and breakfast. Very warm welcome. Very good food and inexpensive. Much better than Subway and they have free Wi Fi. At the 10 frwy and only 2 miles from the 8 frwy
