5	This is a family owned and operated company where customer satisfaction is very important to them. VERY REFRESHING for Vegas, this town is full of people who want to take your money and good customer service is just rare. My husband and I were in the market for a car and we went to this place and met Carlos & Elizabeth (very very nice people) and we told him what we were looking for and they found my husband the perfect work truck that he needed with an affordable down payment and monthly payment.After a few months of making payments we mentioned we were looking for another vehicle and we told them what we were interested in purchasing and they said "no problem, give me a few weeks and i'll have the perfect car for you and your family." 1 week later they called us and said they found me the perfect 4x4. Turns out I wasnt able to commit right away so they said no problem, we can hold it for you AND THEY DID. They kept my truck in the back till I was ready to purchase and even when I did get the truck they threw in some brand new tires which really made the truck look even better. They are very patient and are willing to work with you in regards to down payment or a monthly payment, they take pride in treating each customer like gold because most of their clients are return customers and the new ones are usually via word of mouth from other happy customers. I highly recommend checking this place out and seeing what they have to offer.
5	I used to have very good credit, but a few years ago, I was hospitalized and out of work for a few months, long story short, I fell behind on all of my bills and my credit has been less than stellar since, although I'm building it back up slowly but surely.This is where Carzone comes in, while nobody else would finance me (yes, even people with bad credit need a car), I spoke with Gabriel and he gave me a great price for my trade towards a great car.  I paid it off in a year, and decided I'd like to have a truck for home projects and it would be great for bringing my work equipment around if the need be.  I went back to Carzone and found an INCREDIBLE vehicle there for a fair price, and once again, they took my car in on trade and gave me a great price for it.  I would recommend Carzone to anyone, they're good people that like working with good people, and they're very easy to work with.
4	I moved to Las Vegas in October of this past year from the East Coast where I sold my vehicle prior to my move.  I was looking for a short term situation where I could find a reliable car without a lengthy commitment.  When I found CarZone I was suprised to find people so willing to find a solution to my needs.  I was able to find a car for $800 down and $250 a month that has been VERY reliable.  Infact when I let them know about a week after purchasing the car that there were some leaks under the hood.  They told me to just take it back in and they would fix it.  Well... they did and also fixed the brakes as well.  A pretty solid sign of customer support for a small used car place.  Elizabeth and Co. have always been very good to me and I am have been very happy with my experience there.
