4	So glad to see this place open shop for a couple reasons.  #1.  Charlotte will never NOT need craft beer suppliers.  This place is nothing short of amazing when it comes to selection of craft beers and some great stand by favorites of mine.#2.  Location.  I love the fact I can walk here and even more excited that there are a couple other places within the 7th Street Market that I can visit while here.  I can grab coffee, have lunch, grab some local produce and now I can have a beer or 3!The lady that works here is very nice and helpful if you are confused as to what you might like or want to try.  As an added bonus they have an adjacent seating area where you can pop the top on your beer and sip and relax.  Very nice.
4	Thank you for coming to this location!!!  Tucked in Seventh Street Station - you have to pop in if you are in the area.  Shop and have lunch and then grab a beer from the cooler here!AWESOME beer selection - you can buy singles, some growlers or get a six-pack and mix and match.  There is a new seating area right next to the tiny space where you can sit and relax.  They have a beer expert manning the booth - so ask away and they will steer you to a beer that will satisfy any taste!  Thank you!  Salud!
4	Thank you for being there when i needed a beer. This isn't a huge space, but definitely enough to give a decent selection. Obviously if you have a car or need a larger selection, head to Salud in Noda or one of the other bottle shops around town. But if you're in Uptown or happen to be dining nearby and want to pick something up or want to have a good beer or two for the price of the crap beer inside Time Warner before heading to a show or game, it's perfect (it's inside the 7th street market and they do validate). i only wish they had glassware to drink with on site, but that is a bit overly demanding and impractical for such a location. So thank you for the great beers.  Really,i am just glad there is a place to procure some excellent craft beers in the Uptown area.
