5	Azra has been cutting my hair almost every month for a few years now. Every haircut has been perfect. Plus, she is friendly and quick. I recommend her to all my friends, men and women, several of which have taken me up on my recommendation and have also been very pleased.
5	Wow! Thanks to Cece, I am not ashamed of my hair any longer. I once had an A-line, and decided a few months ago to grow it out. What a mess. She took the time to listen to my concerns, and she made suggestions. She told me exactly what she planned for fixing my hair before she even brought out her scissors. Love my hair again! I have found my stylist here in Henderson.
4	Thanks girls. I turned up late After getting lost but no problems. Did my hair up beautifully to go and renew my vows with my husband celebrating 30 years of marriage. Great place and value for money. Highly recommend. Judy NZ
5	I stopped in as a last minute resort for my 10 year old son's haircut. Rhonda asked my son and I what we wanted for his hair. I showed her a picture and right away she critiqued the cut and said she was going to do even better than that of which I showed her. SHE DID JUST THAT! I was very pleased and so was my son. I will be taking my sons to her from now on.
1	I went to the location on Boulder and Russell for the 9.95 hair cut my boyfriend has been there 2 other times he loved the hair cut. So this time I thought ok I will get mine cut to. I was reluctant sitting there waiting. But thought its just because I hadn't been there before. I should have listened to myself. No one said their names and after I told her I wanted a trim straight across nothing fancy she said ok that will be 20.00 (I have never paid that for a trim till today) 2 inches at the longest spot . I go to pay for the 2 cuts and am told 34.00. Next question why? Oh the lady who cut my boyfriends hair didn't tell him it was going to be a higher price than the signs says or any other time he was there. So I now know we will not be going back again. That is not good service in my eyes.
5	Can't even count the years I've been coming here but every time it has been a prefect cut! Great conversations and wonderful atmosphere. Azra is absolutely amazing. Place is clean and well kept. Prices are great and service is prompt.
