4	Conveniently located a few minutes from Midwestern campus, this is my go-to grocery store when I'm not picking up random snacks at Trader Joe's or bulk items at Costco. The store is clean usually well stocked. Prices are a lot cheaper than a Vons and the lighting is much better than Fry's. The workers are friendly and helpful and will walk you to the aisle for the item you're looking for. There usually aren't any ridiculously long lines and you don't need a club card to get their special deals! I definitely will be continuing to shop here!
4	What do you do when its 125 degrees outside and you need to do some grocery shopping? Head here!This store is installing a lot of covered spaces in the parking lot, so that will be a huge plus to shopping here come summer time! Nice move, Albertsons!Good meat, great bacon at the counter, good produce...no stupid reward cards to keep track of...
4	Albertsons donates to some great people (community card for select charities of your choice) and discounts some pretty great people (seniors and military on select days). I never felt compeled to review until today. I was surprised with free fish, samples (including an ENTIRE sandwich and delicious parfait), and a total grocery bill of $2 for a seedless watermelon of any size (the best I have found anywhere this summer), and 2 tortilla crusted tilapia, something I never would have thought I would love so much. Nice new shaded parking, best produce I have found, and fantastic deals. I am so happy I live close to here now!
2	I went to Albertson's today because I wanted to mix it up a bit.  When I walked in and saw the prices, I remembered why I never shop there.  This grocery store is one of the most expensive out there.  It has Sprouts prices but the same old regular grocery store products.  The produce and meat are just as good quality as Fry's or Safeway, so there is no advantage there.
4	This is one of the better grocery stores in the Northwest Valley!  The store is spotless, uncluttered yet well merchandised.  I love the perimeter at Albertsons (bakery, deli, produce, meat). They have some of the freshest meats and produce in the valley.  Their ads are super competitive and it's always a breeze to check out, always plenty of registers open!  This store also features covered parking!  Easy in and easy out on 59th Ave on my way home, it reminds me of back in the day, shopping at Alby's in Montana.  I think you're going to see Albertsons really start to gain a strong foothold in Phoenix in the next couple of years.
5	Amazing Birthday Cake! Lets face it, how much is a cake really worth? Great price for a beautiful and very tasty cake, 17.99. I ordered this cake for my daughter it was one of the prettiest cakes I have seen. You can order them on line, very convenient, choose from many styles, choose your cake, icing and filling. They have many to pick from. The cake decorator is very talented! I believe you only need to give them 24 hours for an order. They are not the standard designs that most stores offer. Very cute designs and really different than what I have seen in the past. Give them a try. I will surely order from this store again, very pleased.
