3	So I went and sold plasma today. They pay you to help you lose weight, that's how I'm looking at it. Shut up.Anyway, the first time you go plan on being there at LEAST 4 hours. Eat something a few hours before you go, then again, literally JUST BEFORE you go!You'll be waiting a while before they prick you to check your levels, so you'll stabilize, but won't be starving by the time they start pulling your fluids out.The process is relatively painless. The waiting area feels more like a county hospital, but they did have movies playing. They CLAIM to have free wifi, and though I could connect, it wasn't getting me onto the 'net.If you go, get all your calling and voicemails done before you go back to get sucked; no phone use! (They kind of look the other way for texting, but if it's up to your head, you'll get talked to)Also, drink LOTS OF WATER before you go; you'll need to be well hydrated, as it will increase your chances of passing the screening, and will speed up the actual delivery of plasma. Plus, you have to pee in a cup.I recommend making an appointment for your first visit.Bring a book, or a well charged phone or tablet, and plan on doing a lot of nothing.
1	Don't even waste your time with this place. It is in a pretty shitty area of town, so much so that I was worried about my car. And I got the impression that just about everyone else there did not have a car to worry about.I waited over 2 hours to pee in a cup, and then they rejected me. If you like wasting most of your day for nothing, then go right ahead. Otherwise, avoid at all costs.
3	As of yet accrual stars unknown.  This is information that is nice to know, (most is available other places)FIRST TIME1) Expect to be there 4 to 6 hrs.2) Be at door as close to opening as possable.3) Eat before going and drink water (24 - 32 oz min)4) if you take aspirin, max 320mg within 12 hrs (some uncertainty on time, could be less or more, I spelt the difference)6) bring 2 ID with address or proof of addresses.EATING !Food will affect your blood.  Minimum 24 hours pre-plasma/blood giving:Do not eat the goodys we all love, sweets, high fatty foods (anything fried), high Cholesterol forming foods.Foods you should eat are vegetables, legumes such as lentils (high in proten), dried beans, grains such as oats, (grits is corn).  Fruits & Avocados eat in moderation. ( sugars in fruit, fat in Avocados.)  Vegetables such as Kale is high in Vitamin K, this thickens the blood along with being very, very healthy for you.   My normal diet is high in these foods, therefor I usually 1/2 an Aspirin and several cups of water before blood tests.   These are foods high in Vit. K:Broccoli,  Brussels sprouts, White cabbage, Cauliflower, Swiss chard, Chives, Collard greens, Cilantro,  Endive, Kale, Leek, Bibb lettuce, Red leaf lettuce, Green onion, Parsley, Spinach, Turnip greens, WatercressModeration is the key.  Coffee, Tea, and Soft drinks with caffeine are dehydrating and narrows the blood vesicles.  Carbonated drinks are also a no, no, the carbonation blocks calcium from your body therefore your blood.  Calcium has many jobs.  Just do not drink any of the above.  There are fats that are actually good for you, but to be safe be moderate in the good fats, no bad fats.A personal note on eggs: production eggs you buy in the store are not the same egg that was sold 75 years ago.   Just as with us chickens eggs gets there nutrition from what goes into the chicken along with its emotional state.  No sun, high stress gives you a fatty, high cholesterol egg among other things that missing.  Free range, natural foraging, cage free, carnivore chicken eggs have:  * 1/3 less cholesterol   * 1/4 less saturated fat   * 2/3 more vitamin A   * 2 times more omega- 3 fatty acids   * 3 times more vitamin E   * up to 7 times more beta carotene.  (With special diet Omega-3 fatty acids can be much higher)   The eggs sold as higher in Omega-3 is do to diet and are more expensive to produce, a bargain.  VEGETARIAN EGGS are a RIP-OFF, they have the lest good nutrition.  The vegetable proteins in soy is toxic to chickens, therefore has to be possessed to be non-toxic, but the chicken still can not digest soy protein properly, it is the same as giving dairy to someone that is lactose-intolerant, meds make it so they do not get sick, but they still can not use the nutrition in the dairy.  The must have bug, fish, or animal protein, it is the same as making a cat a vegetarian ......  That is the same with a chicken.  [see short 49 sec video of what a chicken wants     http://youtu.be/nZRNJPdKmVM   They will fight over it]A personal note on grains: most modern grains, more of the gain is utilized in nutrition, unfortunately that means also, it turns to sugar faster and more of it then grain 75 years ago.  In other words 1 loaf of modern bread is the same as eating 2 or more loves of bread 75 years ago.  (More diabetes)
3	I've convinced my daughter to stop donating blood and getting either a cookie or movie ticket at United Blood Services and go to Biomat and get paid cash! Or really I should say you receive a prepaid Citi visa card and instructions on how to use. The first 5 donations are paid $50 each, afterwards you get (I'm told) $20 plus extra $10 for the 6th donation in a month, and $30 for the next.  I'm not too sure about this payout after 5, as we've just reached the 6th visit now. I strongly suggest that you eat well (no fatty or fried foods and drink lots and lots (did I say forget to mention lots) of water along with a book, quiet videogame or anything else to amuse yourself.  Good time to catch up with those emails, write those letters/papers, etc.Well, I've been here before (years ago) and have the system pretty much down pat.  If you're a new donor, expect to spend about 2-3 hours getting screened), then you'll go home (or somewhere) for a few hours and then return to donate plasma within another 1-2 hours.  This is only for your first time donation.  Afterwards, you won't spend anywhere near this amount of time.The second time you donate, you should arrive around 5:30 -6:15 am, if you wanna be outta there quicker.  The doors open around 7.  We arrived at 5;15 am and were #4 in the waiting line. At about 6:45, security guard comes out and gives the waiting line a clipboard list (for returning donors only)  to sign.  At about 7:10, my daughter was called.  Her finger was highlighted and she comes back to lobby to sit down.  Then another 10 minutes goes by and she's called again.  This time for a physical checkup (weight, temperature and blood pressure), finger prick and finally she goes back to donate plasma. so assuming she's generally in the back by 7:30 and the donation process takes about 45 minutes to a hour.  We're out by 8:30 tops, assuming all goes well.  I, on the other hand, am sitting in the lobby for the whole duration.  The lobby has two flat screen tv's which you can't hear very well (either that or I'm slightly deaf).  Two bathrooms and a water fountain are readily accessible.   Mind you, I'm only the driver and I rotate between sitting in the lobby or in my car.  They have an onsite security guard who keeps the doorways clear of people (so don't be surprised if he asks you to find a seat), or he's walking outside checking the parking lots.  You've got like 3-4 parking spaces in the front.  About 10 parking spaces on the side and about 6-8 parking spaces in the back.  There are also street side parking spaces.  Overall, I've never experienced a problem with my car despite the somewhat shady area.I've yet to master the Citi card, as I had a problem using it for gas with Circle k.  for some reason, they said it was rejected, voided the transaction and yet I still had $30 withdrawn.  Well gee, that left me with only $20 to get gas with.  I've been chasing down my daughter's $30 every since.  I've been given the round around between Circle K, their Corporate Office and Citibank's prepaid Customer Service.  All in all, I'm told that she won't get a refund for another 7-10 days.  Well gee, that's like I loaned Circle K money, right???
3	Ok they've changed a bit. Now you have to make an appointment. I kinda miss that mad drive to be first by arriving at 5-5:30 am.  I kinda miss bonding with the people standing outside waiting for it to open. We usually schedule wednesdays and Fridays for 7:30am and are out by 9:30. The latest was 10:30.  Pay is $20 on Wednesday and $35 on Friday.
1	We went there 9 years ago and were deferred because we had just moved to the Valley and were living in a studio. They stated that we didn't have a 'real' address (?) We were renting a studio down the street and wanted to take our time to get to know the area. We bought a house a few months later. Fast forward NINE YEARS LATER. We try to donate again and are deferred AGAIN because of the past issue. Even though we have our home address on our AZ driver's license, they demanded that we provide 2 pieces of mail no older than 7 days old. Fine. Came back 2 days later at 6:30 am and they were having a 'monthly meeting' and would not be open until 9 am. ( REALLY ???? How is it that other Plasma Centers are able to function just fine by having their meetings AFTER closing ???) Then today we tried on last time. We are told that they have no other 'appointments' available !!! It was 7:05 in the morning !!! CSL may not pay as much but they are FAR more professional, not nearly as disorganized, MUCH cleaner, and have a better trained staff. We will NEVER go back to "BIOHAZARD" ever again !!!!!!!!!!
1	Okay!! I went to this place, because I was a donate at the place in Tempe which was a great experience. So I needed a little cash and I recently moved to Phoenix. I look them up and they were the closes to my apartment. At first it wasn't bad, but I do have to say that they suck at sticking people. I went to Tempe locate for 3 years of and on and the employees really try not to hurt you. But these people don't care at all. And this isn't the real reason that I stop going. I had been there are about four time and on the fifth time I was told in the booth that I had to take off my sweatshirt and inform the girl I all I has underneath was t shirt, and that I had worn the sweatshirt all the time and never had been ask to take if off before. I thought it was over in the booth. But apparently I was wrong she told her supervisor that I refuse to take it off and also that I didn't want to roll up my sleeve. Which didn't happen and then I let the supervisor that she took my blood pressure with me standing which was why i really an attitude because she didn't pay attention to me and didn't fix  the chair. And when supervisor took me in the office to acute me instead of asking because that new girl was just not that bright if you ask me because if I was rude and if she really had a problem why didn't just call him in when she thought I wasn't listen to her. Lack of training on his part. He been there for years and make he should his rule book again ...
