4	OK, so I know this is a chain. This review isn't really for the food. Honestly you either love or hate pizza hut. It's generic prefab pizza... it's the McDonalds of the pizza world.This review is purely for the service. While Papa Johns here in Vegas has proven crapy and unreliable.. these guys have been stand outs as far as junky pizza goes. They are always fast to deliver, easy to talk to on the phone, and the "qualitY" if you will has been 100% consistent. Also on the night we got 4-8 inches of snow in Green Valley these guys were out there delivering pizza.. even the manager got in his car and started doing some deliveries. So if you do want to get your junk food pizza on in Green Valley, this place is quite reliable. I prefer Settebello, or Metro.. or Rosati's.. but sometimes this pizza fiend needs a little PH too.
1	Terrible pizza terrible service terrible timing terrible delivery terrible everything.
4	BEST REMEDY FOR A HANGOVER!I typically don't eat a lot of pizza but when I do, it's almost always Pizza Hut.  I love the grease and the moist bread.  This specific place is literally a hole in the wall.  No seating and not much standing room, however, it's never been busy everytime I visit.  Today we came by to buy a medium pepperoni pizza for 8 bucks.  We also have a discount from our company so everything came out to about $7.50.  The person who helped us was named Ashton.  He was good looking and super nice.  Told us it would take 10 minutes and it was really earlier than that.  I know pizza is a sensitive issue for a lot of people.  For me, I'm a simple kind of guy.  Grew up on Pizza Hut and will continue eating Pizza Hut.  Since this place is so convenient from work, I'll definitely be coming back again.
3	Normally this pizza hut is quick and deliver guality pizza.  Lsst night it took over 1 hour from when I ordered online and it looked and tasted cold.  Every other time has been good though.  I will give them another shot.
3	Mmmmm breadsticks!We have ordered delivery a few times from this location so it was time for a review.  Delivery time is hit and big miss.   I've received my order 10 minutes earlier than quoted but I've also waited 30 minutes past the estimated delivery time. It's a crap shoot for delivery I guess.  When you have hungry people waiting, every minutes seems like an hour.The pizza has also been on the same level.   Sometimes they are very chintzy on toppings and other pizzas are perfectly done.  I don't know how to feel about that.  I do know the pan pizzas are so filling and usually can only eat a few pieces before I'm stuffed.  I know how bad the breadsticks are for me, but I still love them! Since I was a child,  they have always been my favorite.  They have always been consistent and remain a guilty pleasure for me!  Judge all you want!I'm hoping the delivery times can be more solid.  Otherwise I can eat their food every once in a while.
2	Pizza Hut never tastes the same. This location tasted unusually different. The best Pizza Hut is in anthem highlands. Next time I'm in the mood for pizza, I'll be going to them.
