2	Owner/chef Joseph Keller is the co-founder with his brother Thomas of Napa Valley's Buchon. His brother also operates the highly acclaimed French Laundry, Buchon at the Venetian and Per Se. Based on this dining experience, Joseph apparently is the less talented of Mrs. Keller's sons. Our meal started off with a white bean, anchovy, garlic and EVO spread delivered to our table with hot rolls. My wife opted for the crispy skin salmon served with cippolini onions, Peruvian potatoes, kalamata and asparagus tips in a sundried tomatoes tapenade. I chose the roasted chicken over garlic spinach accompanied by Joseph's signature French fries. I believe Heidi, the Review Journal's restaurant reviewer, must have based her rating on these fries because we found both entrees to be unremarkable.
4	For some reason, I find it totally unreasonable to pay over $20 for any kind of roasted chicken at a restaurant.  I guess when you can just buy a whole roasted chicken at the supermarket for $7 or so...its just ridiculous to spend any more for that.  No one remembers the best chicken they ever had anyways.BUT...most people can remember the best steak.  This was not the best steak I ever had but still pretty good.  I was surprised the 1st review gave it 2 stars but then I looked at what they had ordered (salmon and chicken) and I understand why.  Beef is the specialty here.  Its like someone ordering salmon at Peter Luger's or something.  I had the porterhouse, wife had the filet.  Nice place.  I remember the bread being pretty good too.  I always enjoy the Lake Las Vegas area.  Its such a nice getaway for a day or 2.
5	We came to Como's for Thanksgiving dinner this year, and based on that meal which I can only describe as endlessly savory, I gladly offer five stars.  Como's is located in Lake Las Vegas, that shining mecca of all things non-Vegas -- grass, water, serenity -- and home to Celine Dion, a Ritz Carlton, and a floating ice rink during the cooler months of the year.  Lake Las Vegas can be quite charming -- shops and restaurants arranged along cobblestone streets; for a moment you forget that you had to walk through an obligatory (this is Nevada after all) casino on your walk from the parking lot. When we arrived, there was live piano music from a musician who actually took requests, a friendly bartender mixing stiff drinks, and the smell of a home-cooked Thanksgiving meal being enjoyed by patrons.  Joseph Keller was not in the kitchen the night we were there, and instead we enjoyed a meal created by their french chef whose name escapes me -- he walked around to make sure patrons were enjoying their food during the meal.  For what it's worth, this guy can cook my Thanksgiving meals from here on out.  Dinner was a four-course meal that began with a rich and creamy pumpkin soup and fresh-baked rolls.  Next came a mixed greens salad with cranberries, walnuts, and a dressing that was both light and flavorful at the same time -- a pleasing balance after the pumpkin soup.  The main entree was a beautiful presentation of sliced, juicy turkey and ham arranged over thinly cut sweet potatoes and stuffing.  This was coupled with perfectly cooked green beans -- not greasy, mushy, losing-their-color beans, but bright green and still with a slight crispness to them.  The meats were topped with a thin gravy.I am not usually that big a fan of Thanksgiving food -- it's all neither here nor there, yay turkey, whoo-hoo stuffing -- but THIS... THIS has made me want to eat Thanksgiving dinner again and again and again.  I should clarify, I want to eat THIS Thanksgiving dinner over and over and over again.  Not that past dinners have been bad -- this dinner has just ruined me for Thanksgivings to come.  We finished with some pumpkin pie, but by this time we were all so stuffed that it was all I could do to sip my port and stare at the pie.  Yes, I realize Como's is a steakhouse and I have just reviewed them on Thanksgiving, one special-menu day of the year; however, after this experience, I have nothing but great feelings about the rest of their culinary creations -- or at least those by that french chef.
