3	It was open on New Year's Day which is a miracle; we walked for ages looking for a place to grab lunch and came in here because it was open.  That isn't really a stirring recommendation for a place but there you have it.I had a chicken salad sandwich that was good; the bread was excellent.  My friend had a caesar salad that was sprinkled liberally with bacon bits which didn't sit well with his vegetarianism.  Apparently this is how caesar salads are made in Montreal because we saw this elsewhere.  He also got an onion and tomato tart that was quite good.  Their coffee was passable; they give you a small handful of chocolate disks with your coffee and the chocolate was better than the coffee.  I liked the ambiance of the place in general, but I don't know if I'd go back unless I found myself again stranded on a holiday with nothing else open.
4	A large selection of sweet and savory items, as well as a nice outdoor seating area. Their croissant was quite tasty - light and flaky but still giving a bit of that buttery goodness with each bite. I had heard that Montreal's bagels were different (and some claim better) than those found state-side, so of course I had to taste one for myself. I found it to be denser, crunchier, and slightly sweet. My verdict: Montreal bagels *are* better! The bagel's firm texture was a perfect complement to the layers of cream cheese, lox, and capers inside my bagel.
5	I visit this place everytime I am in Montreal..Pastries are always fresh with a nice selection..I also stock up on candies imported from France..
5	This place is great, just love the fresh patisseries.After reading this post  made me go.http://lovetoblog.ca/?p=63
3	3.5 starsWe got pastries to go here, and overall what we ordered was delicious.  It's a bit hard to tell if the laminated doughs would have been a bit better if we ate it there because our three items - croissant, chocolate croissant, and apricot croissant - were all piled in a paper bag and squashed a bit.  We did eat them shortly afterwards at our hotel and the flavors were great, but the fluffiness I expected was not there due to the way they were packaged up.We also ordered two eclairs with chocolate pastry cream inside, and they were beautifully made and tasted wonderful.  The pastry cream inside was just sweet enough and had a good chocolate flavor.  Overall I'm a fan.
3	good pastries but mighty expensive!what i do like is their seasonal treats mainly during pumpkin season. i love the pumpkin pie. well, i should actually say pumpkin tart, a french twist on the pie. tart shell instead of pie and the pumpkin filing that you know and love but without being as spicy nor as sweet, just perfect. one slice is never enough so i always get the whole tart minus the slice i'm eating right away.they have other stuff but, imo, its not as good as their tarts so i usually don't bother and with it being pricey, its more of a once in a blue moon treat than a daily/weekly occurance for me
5	Best Almond Croissant I have ever had! This patisserie is hidden gem. They also delicious key-lime pie. The have a beautiful outdoor seating area. The staff is very friendly and the dessert selection is great. Lots of variety from cakes to croissants to pies and so on. Highly recommend to check out this patisserie. Bon appetit!
