3	I went here about two years ago with my nephew and some friends and the food was decent our waitress was simply amazing she was very friendly, wholesome and cute!! The restaurant's decor was rather plain, nothing impressive.  it was a huge room with tables and chairs.  I remember going to this place based on a recommendation from a drunken local.  I am planning to return to this place in couple of weeks at that time I will truly be able to rate this restaurant accordingly.  Las islitas are in the in the central coast of Mexico in the state of Nayarit.  A native dish of Nayarit is pescado sarandeado!!! it is an extremely delicious fish that is slowly cooked over burning wood chips.  This restaurant serves it.  Since on our first visit they were about to close they were unable to prepare this fish for us!!! I can hardly wait!!! I am not expecting it to taste the same as the one I had in my hometown in Nayarit, but if it gets somewhat close I will be ecstatic!!!3/16/08 Was there this weekend and I returned to this seafood Nayarit style restaurant.  The infamous pescado sarandeado was good, but I don't believe I will be changing my rating.....This restaurant continues to be a 3 star, and I continue on my journey to find great pescado sarandeado.  No BEER!!! Mexican seafood with no beer????
4	It's the last day to claim those Entertainment book coupons and after finding out Siena Bistro was closed for a private event, we headed to Las Islitas #3.  Their banner outside advertised lunch specials starting from $5.99, Monday through Friday.   I had already called ahead and learned that their seafood dishes were not part of the coupon special.  After looking through their menu, it left us with very few choices.  (Their specialty is seafood, so the majority of the menu had some kind of seafood in it.)  On the back page of the menu were a few meat dishes so we stuck with that selection.The waitress had already brought over tortilla chips, salsa, and fresh limes.  (The Big F really liked their tortilla chips and I found their salsa with just the right amount of heat.)  We were more than hungry by the time our food arrived.The Big F ordered the Carne en su Jugo ($14.95) "beef stew with bacon, onion and green sauce" - The first thing I tried was their refried beans and was impressed.  Sure, they don't give much rice, and they really should give more beans because it's that good!  It's so creamy and unlike other refried beans I've had.  The Big F thought the beef stew was different, and liked it a lot.  His plate was licked clean.I tried their Fajitas de Res ($14.95) "beef fajitas" - It came with either corn or flour tortillas, and I chose the flour kind.  Chunky pieces of beef with red and green bell peppers, onions, and some other red vegetable.  It was a pretty filling dish, and I had enough for leftovers.  The Big F found the beef to be a bit dry, but I loaded it with salsa and hot sauce, so I couldn't really tell.We were definitely curious about their seafood dishes since we saw other diners enjoying themselves on generous dishes of ceviche.  Overall, we were surprisingly pleased with our lunch.  We went in the afternoon, so it wasn't too busy.  We were probably more bugged with the 'no seafood' part, so we couldn't really enjoy what they offered if we wanted to take advantage of that coupon.  Oh well.  Next time!American Express not accepted.3.5 stars.(Pics posted!)
2	overpriced, ceviche was decent, guacamole was good- also had chicken quesadillas which literally tasted like they had chicken in them from McDonald's (so gross!!!!)
5	the banda, the atmosphere are great, the food is also great
2	A seafood place with questionable seafood.With scenes of watery docks, and fish leaping from the sea surface painted on the wall, you expect a seafood-centered menu, and that's exactly what you'll find here.  I went with a Shrimp Ceviche tostada and the fish tacos.  While the chips and salsa were good, I can't say the same for the rest of my meal.The smallish shrimp served on the Ceviche tostada was flavored well enough, but unfortunately none of them were deveined.  I'm an adventurous eater, but I'm not trying to eat the last meal of each shrimp, partially digested.  I sent it back, and the waitress was nice enough to remove it from my bill.The fish tacos were sloppy, with big pieces of lettuce and a few scattered red onions.  While the fish itself was lightly fried well, there was little flavor and an odd texture to it.  The service was fine, but the product is lacking.  I can't see returning here with all the other options to explore in Las Vegas.
1	I've been to a fair share of Mexican seafood restaurants in the city and I have to say that I would not recommend going to Las Islitas because there are better options available!!! My wife ordered the shrimp ceviche tostada and the tacos el gobernador plate. Im somewhat of a fish taco aficionado so I ordered the plate of 3 tacos. The ceviche was just ok, a bit bland and nothing special. The shrimp tacos with melted cheese were pretty tasty when the green salsa was put on them.  In my opinion, the fish tacos were some of the WORST I've ever had!! The fish itself was not seasoned and was soggy from a lightly  breaded coating, but was overcooked at the same time, if that makes any sense!! Not enjoyable at all! Even worse, each taco was inconsistent with the amount of fish because one taco had a decent amount and the other two hardly had any, just a tortilla full of lettuce!!  It was not even close to being worth the $10 price for the plate!If you're looking for a nice, relaxing restaurant, this is definitely not it! We were with a group of people and it was nearly impossible to hear the conversation because of the noise. The live music, which is usually a plus, was way too loud for the size of the place. Between the loud music and the chatter of the other customers, all conversation was lost unless you were sitting right next to the person. One more thing that I feel must be pointed out....the girl who rang up my check deliberately tried to keep my change, and this was AFTER a tip had already been added to my bill because of the group!!! Are you freaking serious??? I wouldn't have believed it had I not seen it with my own eyes. On a $37 bill, which was not worth it's value as is, the cashier put the $40 in the register and NEVER pulled change...then immediately started cashing out other bills! After 5 minutes, my wife had to go to the cashier to inquiry about the change, and the cashier still had the nerve to play dumb about it!!! If I could give this place zero starts, I definitely would! The only good thing I can say is that the server was nice and attentive. Other than that, I'll spend a bit more gas and go to La Palapa in North Las Vegas, which is outstanding!!!
4	This little hole in the wall is so authentic and Good you will not be disappointed. Yes it is a couple miles away from the strip but its good and inexpensive so it works out.  I had the fish ceviche tostada and a shrimp tostada. I wish I could eat more it was so good! the service was good the server was very attentive. A cool bonus, mariachis came into to play live music. I was there with a group of 8 and we sampled each others food, everyone had a great plate of food.  They serve beer and alcohol good tequila, micheladas.  I will come back here for sure!
1	I have had my fair share of Mariscos and this was by far the worst place I had been to.  Not only was the food horrible and tasteless but it took 50 minutes to get our food served. I understand that this was a busy weekend but the Resteraunt should have been better prepared with more than just two servers. I DO NOT recommend this place.
2	On our search for the best authentic Mexican restaurant, we tried Las Islitas.  It was very noisy inside, I could not hear my dinner partner across the table.  Mexican music played loudly over the speaker, and a juke box played in the back.Chips were okay, the salsa was good.  We ordered the shrimp tacos and chili relleno.  The tacos were deep fried (not stated on the menu), and greasy.  They were more like an empanada.  They were plain and bland.  The relleno was greasy as well and soggy.  It also had very little flavor.  It was also somewhat pricey for a strip shopping center, "dive".  We won't be back.
3	Awwww MAN!!! I have written a review on their Pecos and Washington location, which I love and obsess about during the summer when craving sea food. However, felt like this location is lacking that "touch". I ordered the shrimp ceviche and fish tacos and they were definitely not as flavorful as they are at their north town location. The ceviche tasted way too fishy, needed lots of lemon and salt and the tacos where just blah!  The restaurant itself is nice. Waitress was nice and attentive, just didn't get the same experience. The people I was with also agreed as they have also tried the other location. I will not be coming back to this location, especially because the prices have increased but worth it if you get the "Islitas" experience. This place does not have it. Go to north Las Vegas location. They are overpriced for the quality. I give them 3 starts only because I know they have potential on improving, or else I would give them 2.
1	My first impression was that this quaint restaurant is certainly not a chain.  My last impression was how do I get out of here never to return!
3	This place is pretty good. I've been here several times ans would visit often if I lived closer. They serve traditional mexican mariscos. The food is fresh, good and the service is pretty good as well!
3	Good authentic Mexican seafood. It's kinda pricey, but you can taste the quality of the ingredients. The decor reminds me of places I've eaten at in TJ and Ensenada. I recommend this place. I'm a regular.
2	Best food but worst service. This was my 3rd time here and they forget my food twice !! Like I was the first to order. I love the food but the service sucks ass !!!
1	Had a molcajete and 2 kids meals and our bill was $85?!?! Wouldnt if the food was amazing,  but not even close. Never again! Go to La Mojarra Loca people!
1	I called ahead of time to ask how late they were opened and they said 10pm. I got a cab from the strip and got there at 9:50pm and no one was there anymore. They should stick to their own hours of operation. Almost $60 on cab fair
