5	What an amazing remodel from the previous restaurant!  The food is as amazing as the restaurant it's self.  My girlfriend and I enjoyed multiple apps, entrees and a dessert.  The grilled Octopus and crispy Gnocchi were to die for, her spaghetti with mushroom and bacon cream sauce and my Jambalaya were no less than amazing.  Top that off with a delectable flour-less chocolate dessert with raspberry sauce and you have yourself a full belly!Food and drinks are priced right, taste great and are bundled into a chic but approachable atmosphere.  You wont be disappointed!
5	Awesome awesome awesome! Food was great, service was friendly, and Andy is the best at keeping his team in line for a  top-notch dining experience! It's a brand new restaurant that I'm sure will be the talk of the town soon. Fantastic!
5	Great restaurant!  Beautiful ambiance and friendly, attentive staff. The turkey cranberry sandwich was incredible, with the savory Brie offset wonderfully by tart cranberries-- absolutely perfect. And their cheesecake was deliciously smooth and creamy.  I will definitely be coming back.
5	Great new restaurant in the area. Wide range of food choices, amazing ambiance, and friendly staff. Food was great!
5	Beautiful new restaurant and amazing food!  Highly recommend the bacon & dates cover meatballs appetizer.  Sorbet taste like real mango :)
4	Sparkling is almost a week old and it stands to be a great restaurant.The decor is a modern chic and very nicely done.  Whether you are coming in as a couple, a group of friends or even a large party, they have diferent size tables.  They also have a private dining area for up to 14.Servers haven't had much training yet.  Rather a bit of ojt. Everyone was very friendly and helpful though.The food was also pretty good.  To start,  appetizers: Definitely try the meatballs.  They are the bomb.  The pan seared gnocci was also good, but I would have preferred it with pancetta vs sausage.  On to entrees: my wife is very fond of braised ribs and these were good, but not as good as Roy's.   I had the jambalaya and it was ok, but was missing cayenne and andoille sausage.  It was a bit salty and and very tomatoish.  Nonetheless, I cleaned my plate.  Finally dessert:  The cheesecake is a must and the chocolate cake is good but rather heavy.Overall, it was a very good meal and considering they are a week old, its safe to reason that they will continue to improve.From the owners of. Oyshi Sushi,  this is a very different concept, but I do like it and I'm glad we have it in our southwest neighborhood.  We will be back!!!
5	I love this place!!! It was beautiful inside..I mean we were thinking oh it's probably just like a little bar/grill type of place just by the house..OH NO!! It was spectacular!!! The decor is very chic and comfortable at the same time..the staff was amazing..Great personalities and very personable..Food?? OMG let's just say we went on Saturday and again on Tuesday!!! I have found a new spot, hopefully can afford the once a week lunch/dinner here :)
4	What a beautifully decorated restaurant and bar. Friendly staff. The spaghetti with mushroom & bacon was amazing. Definitely coming back for happy hour (M-Th 5-10pm) especially since it's just down the street from my house!
1	Food was OK, but if you are picky about ingredients make sure to ask your waiter.  We ordered the scallops from the appetizer menu and when we received the order it looked like 6 scallops were on the plate.  Turns out 3 of them were deep fried rice balls which were not listed on the menu.  We can't eat these due to our particular diet.  When we pointed this out to the manager she did nothing.  This place is right around the corner from home, so was hoping for better service.
4	We checked this place out after waiting impatiently for it to open for months. It was worth the wait! Super cute & chic decor. My husband had the short ribs which were good but a little tough and fatty (still really good and flavorful - still would recommend) & I had the rice au gratin recommended by our waiter, Jason. It was delicious. The portion sizes are just right. Service was good even though a little slow - seems like maybe they are working out the kinks. We will definitely be back & want to check out happy hour M-Th at 5-10pm. Once they get outdoor seating I could see us spending a lot of time there! Check it out!
5	We were looking for a great drink in an awesome atmosphere.  We found it at The Sparklings. We started with the Amethyst (Violet Colada) and the Citrine (Orange Crush).  This was followed by the Tuna Tartare and Sea Diver Scallops.  These were both excellent choices.  Service was great and food was excellent.
5	What a fun place. Looks all ritzy and expensive, but affordable and fun. Great staff and fantastic food. I'll definitely will be back.
4	So excited to have this new place in the southwest area.  Really cute inside, fun music.  Everyone was so nice, great service!  The food was good and reasonably priced.  Sounds like they have a great Happy Hour that is available 7 days a week!  Love the fun seating, decor!  Will definitely be enjoying many dinners and happy hours here!It is also kid-friendly.  We went for dinner and the waiters/hostess, all very talkative and friendly to the kids.  The Kids Menu is simple, the kids enjoyed it.
5	Amazing remodel! Not what you would expect from outside. The service is fantastic. Everyone is so friendly and accommodating. Just had lunch with my daughters. Everything we ordered, apps, salads and the turkey sandwich was great!!! I'd recommend this restaurant and have every intention of visiting again. Just go!
4	Loved the food, the service and the prettiness decor! Long happy hour. I will be frequenting. Thank you for the great experience :)
3	I've been waiting for this place to open, since it's so close to the house. I drove by our the other night to see some people in the bar and got excited to know that it was finally open. My friend and I went there yesterday for some food. Starting with the service, it was good. Our water cups were always filled, and they checked in on us a lot. Although, at some points it was a bit incessant. But, if rather have over the top service than no service at all. Plus, we were the only table there for awhile. Our server, Deena, made things a bit awkward. There was just a lot of awkward silences, and it always seemed like she was whispering, but I can look past that. As far as the food goes, it felt like there were more appetizers to choose from then there were entrees. Which, probably is a good thing because the appetizers we got were far better than the entrees. We started with the Portobello fries and the crispy gnocchi. The fries were thick slices of Portobello that were lightly breaded then fried. They.served it with ranch, and some other sauce that I'm falling to remember. The crispy gnocchi had Italian sausage, pesto, peas, and walnuts. While it was good, unless you get a piece of sausage in every bite, the dish lacks a bit of salt. For entrees, we offered the turkey and cranberry sandwich as well as the jambalaya. I don't know what o was expecting out of the turkey and cranberry sandwich, but I was just expecting more. While the cranberry sauce was good, they added quite a bit, so it overpowered everything else. Their version was a little more spruced up, with spinach and brie cheese. However, the cheese wasn't spread at all, just one slice in the middle. So, I only got one or two really good bites out of the sandwich. As far as the jambalaya, it was decent. Had good flavor, but just needed more. It war very mild tasting. Chicken was conned ti perfection though, so moist ! No sausage in the jambalaya thigh. :( All in all, would I go back ? Probably. It's the closest place to eat next to my house. I'll probably stick with just ordering more appetizers next time though.
4	I enjoyed my first experience here. Meaning I will be back. The place is really nice, food was good. I had the turkey/Brie/cranberry sandwich, the bread was nice and overall the sandwich was tasty and affordable. Apple would be a great addition to the sandwich from a texture perspective. I am concerned with location of this restaurant as well as an open and inviting entrance. In order for this place to be successful in this part of Vegas is gonna have to be word of mouth, a "draw" to it ( do an industry night or hour ), more social media exposure and a website, uncommon service culture. Good luck to it, my 1st experience was enjoyable... I will recommend and be back soon. -cheers
4	They did a great job with the remodel and I really enjoyed the decor.  The patio is super cute and I definitely want to take advantage of it when the weather is a little warmer. The food was good but I agree with another review that the appetizers were better than the entrees and next time I think we will just do apps and cocktails. The staff all seemed new to working in a restaurant and a bit nervous.  I felt that our server was much too casual with us and the conversation felt border line inappropriate for dining.  There were a few little kinks they need to work out (example- we didn't get a chiller when we ordered a bottle of white wine) but I'm sure things will keep getting better the longer they're open.
5	Everything we had was delicious! This place does not dissappoint. The staff was very attentive & friendly. I most definitely will be coming back!!!
4	Delicious food, great service. Our only complaint was the menu was very limited. They worked to tailor a house salad. One in my group had the salmon and loved it, would like to try that recipe with chicken. Definitely going back!
4	It's not just good. It's not just different.... it's good different.I am always excited when a place in my neighborhood opens. Call me old fashioned, but I've always wanted to be a cozy person that lived in a cozy neighborhood -- and for some reason cozy to me means being a regular at a handful of places that I take visiting friends to and in turn they envy me living in all my glorious coziness.Ah, I digress.... The Sparklings took FOREVER to open but it was definitely worth the wait --- and NOT what I expected. The interior and ambiance are unmatched. It is not the type of place you'd expect to share a parking lot with Cheeburger Cheeburger. Think cufflinks and caviar...okay maybe that's a stretch but when you walk through the doors, you can't help but be impressed with the decor and detailed interior. Marble top bars, faux leather bar chairs, dim lighting...and the touch of elegance from floor to ceiling.With that said, it's not the place you'd expect to see 'Shrimp Po Boy' or 'Club Sandwich on the menu....and that's what makes it good.....good different. The prices, menu selection, and ambiance make this a twist that works for me. It could be a formal dinner date on a Wednesday or a casual Friday happy hour.On my first visit we ordered portobello fries, zucchini sticks, langosta bruschetta, and the bacon & date wrapped meatballs. The bruschetta was delicious and the portobello fries were my least favorite. The meatballs were my husbands favorite... i only had one small bite of it (he didn't SHARE!!) and it was very good. The zucchini sticks were good too but nothing compared to the uniquely flavored creamy bruschetta.For our entree I had the shrimp po boy.... it came in a triangular shaped loaf filled to the brim with tempura fried shrimp, tangy spread and slaw. It was a great blend of flavors and well executed. My husband had the Philly cheesesteak and he could not stop raving about it. When the bill came we felt like we had a steal of a deal. The service was on point. The food presentation was just as elegant as the location and it didn't break the bank. I know the restaurant is in it's honeymoon period but I hope it keeps up the good work.The owners of Soyo and Oyshi have outdid themselves. The Sparklings is a great new addition to the southwest area. I'm actually having a fancy dinner with friends tonight and you'll never guess where we're going ---this cozy little place in my neighborhood.p.s. 2nd time side note- my husband and I ordered the chicken parm and the spaghetti with mushroom & bacon cream sauce... not our favorites. Looks like the sandwiches and appetizers are the way to go---at least for now. :)
4	I came here with girl friends for Sunday lunch. I very was impressed with its chic interior. I love the big chandelier and flowers in middle of dinning room. It really brights up the whole restaurant. Price here is very reasonable! Food is pretty decent. Our waitress was super friendly and helpful. They also have lots selections of wine and beer. The lavender ice tea I ordered was very floral and not sweeten. We had seared scallop, clam linguini, jambalaya, spicy seafood pasta, beet salad. Everything was decent. There was nothing really wowed me, but I am very satisfied with the price I was paying. Sparklings offers happy hours from 5-10pm everyday with 30% off on alcohols. Will I come back? Of course, how can I miss the good deals!
4	I have been here twice and had a great experience both times. The decor is classy and modern, and the servers are very friendly. I had a chance to speak to one of the owners and he was very welcoming and attentive. My favorite dish is the short ribs - so tender and great flavor. Portions are pretty big so you get what you pay for. For dessert, I recommend the flour less chocolate cake or their cheesecake. Both are excellent! Of course I will be back. I love little neighborhood gems like The Sparklings!
5	So impressed with this place!  The food, atmosphere and service were top notch.  It's just a short drive away so I can definitely see us returning here on a regular basis.  The Caprese salad was delicious as was the grilled chicken and avocado sandwich my boyfriend ordered.  He said it was the best he has ever had!  So good!!!
5	I and my wife been here last week with other couple. We heard about this newly open restaurant lounge style Plus a review. so we went to try it else. I love the decor, it's different than all other restaurant I had been to.The food are different and most of them I haven't eta before ..which is good for food lover like me hehe....Yes, I feel the waiter little over care ( Servicer ) which is good I guess , they want to get opinion from customer to improve their service and foodQuality. Overall they did very good job and I will  be back or even have my party there someday  Coming.... Soon ...:)
4	Went to this "Barstaurant" for the first time tonight and enjoyed ourselves! Tried several of the cocktails (Citrine, Chandelier, & Emerald) and loved them all. We ordered a couple of soups and multiple appetizers and were not let down. The bacon date wrapped meatballs are delicious.The decor is trendy and cute. Servers are friendly (maybe even a little too much so). The only reason I subtracted a star was because of the strong smell of chemical cleaner in the air. It smelled like they had sprayed cleaner all over and then wiped it with a bar rag that had been sitting out for a while. If this place can address the smell issue, it will be 5-star for sure!
5	The Sparklings is such a cool and unique new restaurant. I love it! The first thing you notice about the place is the atmosphere. There's a beautiful chandelier in the center of the room and there are individual dining rooms that are separated so it's almost like you are eating in your own private dining room. Then there's an area that reminds me of a kitchen with a line of china cabinets along the wall. Outside of the main room there is a separate bar area that you can see thru glass windows. You have to see the place yourself to appreciate their whole vibe that they've got going on and it's hard to explain, just trust me. It's a place you're going to want to come to and take guests to, to impress them when they come in from out of town. It's just one of those quirky-chic spots that you will always remember.Jason, our quick witted server was great! I have a good little banter going on with him every time I visit which makes my experience fun.My absolute favorite thing to order is the Spicy Seafood Pasta. It has the perfect amount of kick and garlic to it. Noodles are always cooked perfectly. And there's a lot more to the menu that I haven't gotten to try yet. I tend to be a creature of comfort though and if it ain't broke don't fix it so I find myself sticking to my old faithful Spicy Seafood Pasta when I eat here. Some favorites that I recommend would be definitely that along with the Crispy Gnocchi.My only suggestion to the owners of The Sparklings would be to add more main course dishes to their menu. Lots of appetizers to choose from but not much to choose from in the main dish department. Other than that, I have no complaints. They treat me well and remember me and what I order every time right down to the smallest detail, for example: the crushed red peppers I like on the side. Don't even have to ask. Service is excellent! 5 stars. :D
5	Great late night food! It's so hard to find good food(not bar food) after 11pm, even in Vegas. The food was excellent, the music was good too:) We will definitely return. Oh and Jose was a great bartender, very friendly!
5	This place is awesome. So gorgeous on the inside AND they are open until 2am....on weeknights! My husband and I sat at the bar and enjoyed the Short Ribs, Calamari Salad, Sliders, Creme Brulee, and Flourless Chocolate Cake. Everything was amazing. Our bartender gave us excellent recommendations and the manager came out to ask us our opinion. Great service. We will DEFINITELY be back.
5	Best service & drinks. Jose the bartender & Andy the owner and the sweetest. Come here and you'll understand.  Here 4-7 days a week.  I'm a regular. And  never a regular anywhere.
5	This is a great new local spot. If you live in mountains edge, theres no close good sit down restaurants. This restaurant has a beautiful atmosphere and wonderful food! We ordered 5 different items and everything was amazing. We will definitely go back and highly  this new restaurant! Happy hour 7 days a week 5-10 in the bar 30% off all   alcoholic beverages.
4	Was very curious to see what this place was all about. First time I walked in, I turned around and left. It looked too upscale. Then I tried it again...totally casual. AMAZING food and very reasonable prices. Pretty cheap. Have recommended it too many and all have agreed. Great date night place. Nice to have a non-chain place to eat and smoke  free environment. Must try!
4	The Oyshi and Soyo ownership group have struck gold once again putting out a modern, strip like quality restaurant/bar in a suburb-ian neighborhood.  The Happy Hour is the best value where all drink INCLUDING bottles are 30% off.  I recommend going in a group and sampling their entire appeteizer menu where most items are 7-8 bucks.  You can't go wrong with the bacon and date wrapped meatballs, crispy gnochhi, grilled chicken wings, spinach/crab dip, seafood pasta, and the list goes on.I would put this happy hour close to Yonaka territory - it is that good.   Be sure to check it out!
4	Why isn't this place busy....it is gorgeous!!  Food was good and service was too....wish they had a brunch but I hear it is in the works.....word of advise for the owner...ADVERTISE and use social media!!!
5	if i opened a restaurant, it would look exactly like this - it's like my pinterest page came to life. i'm completely in love w/ the decor! i'll admit that i first decided to try sparklings mainly because the name was cute, i thought it was a bar, and it's close to my house. same owner as oyshi and soyo (another neighborhood fav), but you wouldn't know it because there's really nothing korean about sparkling other than some of the staff. i'll be honest and say that this review is mainly just on them as a bar, since i've so far only gone for after dinner drinks.  the menu is a little scattered - pasta, bacon/date meatballs, shrimp po boy? i've only tried the crispy gnocchi so far - an appetizer portion was only $7.50, but enough for me as an entree (with a cocktail). the gnocchi itself wasn't that great, but it was a decent dish overall with the peas, sauce and everything else. i love love the bartenders here, and would come back even without their awesome daily happy hour till 10pm (30% off all drinks). i like fluffy drinks, and sparklings has a full bar including lots of flavored alcohols to experiment with.there are no food specials for HH, but their pricing is reasonable anyway. i'm honestly not sure why we haven't tried sparklings for dinner yet. probably because i've been on a huge asian kick lately, so if they could make some korean dishes here, i'd be in heaven...  the only negative is that i HATE the music they play. it kind of varies between different kinds of easy listening. michael buble is fine, but they also play a lot of instrumental kenny g type stuff. i get that they're going for upscale and classy, but please play somethng else - i can't stand the music. i guess they only opened about a month ago, so it's been pretty empty every time i've been here. the place will probably become packed as more people learn it exists - it's perfect for a neighborhood date night. they have a decent sized private dining room, and even have great indoor and outdoor patio seating - can't wait to try it out in the spring!
3	Talk about an extreme makeover... they did an amazing job renovating the spot formerly occupied by Nagoya. What once was dark and dingy is now open, airy, and elegant. The food was hit or miss. The light and fluffy crispy gnocchi had great flavor and a nice variety of textures. Unfortunately, that was the highlight of the meal. The tuna tartare was dominated by an acidic and fruity flavor. The meatballs stuffed with dates and bacon were ok but the sauce lacked depth. Then there was the octopus... I like eating octopus when it's slices or chunks of large tentacles. The version here is presented as 3 tiny, whole octopi. I can't say I was a fan. Too chewy even for normal octopus standards.They do have a kid's menu, so that's a plus for anyone with a family. Service was great, but then again there was only one other party there.
5	The Sparklings?  Let's start with Inviting, cozy, delicious to name a few.  If you're a regular at Oyshi you will immediately recognize the manager.  Upon entering, you realize that some thought went into the elegant decor.  As you are seated, you begin to wonder if you are an extra on the Great Gatsby set.  As soon as we are seated at our plush, private table in the bar area, the bartender immediately informs us that it is happy hour.  This means beer and wine are 30% off, including bottles.  Seriously, it's Saturday?  We were not expecting happy hour, but total bonus!  We proceed to order many of their delicious appetizers and a couple of bottles of wine for the group.  Some of our favorite apps include the bacon date meatball, crab spinach dip, and the octopus (different from the calamari).Service was amazing, every employee that we interacted with was fast, friendly, efficient, and knowledgeable  My only gripe is that about 1.5 yr ago we lived across the street from The Sparklings; where were you when we needed you??  Now that we live in Summerlin, this little gem appears in our old hood.
1	The service is inexperienced still.  They don't know there menu.  We were party of 6, 3 of us has same dish so we got ours together.  We had to wait 5 minutes for the others to get theirs.  Awkward as don't know if we should eat or wait.  They call out dishes as if I was at McDonald to claim my order.  They should know who had order what.  It's not that busy.  Had linguine with clams, didn't offer plate to hold shells so had to put shells on  table. When asked about their wine menu, said don't know and had wine menu in hand.  If u don't know then pass the menu to us to see!  We can read.
5	Great food and great service! Really enjoyed our meal. Took my mom hereFor her birthday and she enjoyed it too. Will definitely come back. Love the steak salad, clam chowder, clamPasta and portobello fries!
5	New and exciting. Good menu with different cuisine. Great bartender and drinks.
5	The food was amazing and our server Charlan was outstanding! I've been longing to eat here and it was well worth the wait...
4	Food was 4 star..The service and the interior design was 5 star..If they had happy hour or some specials would be nice
5	5 star from me for this restaurant food is amazing service is awesome ....ambiance is so romantic thumbs up all the way
5	Love this place! Can't say enough great things about it. My friends and I had excellent service, drinks, food, and fun! The decor is gorgeous. Can't wait to come back and enjoy their happy hour. The bar looks like a great place to relax and converse with friends. I highly recommend the emerald drink. Yum!
5	I love it here! Great ambience, decor, food, service, drinks, HAPPY HOUR!!! Andy is a great manager and always remembers me-- treats me like a true regular! =]And Anthony is the best for sure!!! We come just to visit him sometimes haha.... Take good care of him, y'all.... Just like he takes good care of YOU!Planning my next social event here. Gotta spread the love and get the name out there for others to share with their friends!
4	The Sparklings is one of the newer restaurants to have opened in the southwest area, courtesy of the owners of Soyo and Oyshi, which are just down the road.  Walking in, it's hard to not be impressed with the dramatic transformation this space has taken.  I almost felt a bit under dressed with the ornate chandelier dominating the open eating area and a bit concerned pushing my stroller in with a crying baby inside. We had our choice of seating and opted for a corner spot to minimize any distractions.  (I noticed the generous amount of high chairs available, which to me encourages a family-friendly restaurant.)With a quick glance at the menu, we ended up just ordering appetizers.* Crispy Gnocchi "creamy pesto, Italian sausage, peas, crushed candied walnuts" ($7.50) - This was good, worthy of making this a meal by ordering two. (Update! I actually did this the following week and it was too much for one person. It's pretty rich, and two orders to yourself is quite a bit. And my gnocchi wasn't as 'crispy' this time. In retrospect, 'crispy' may be a bit misleading. It's more 'browned' than 'crispy'. Nonetheless, it wasn't as 'browned' in the to go order.)* Grilled Octopus "soy marinated" ($7) - Three little octupi sat on the plate along with some greens.  I like grilled octopus in general, so we liked this dish.  It can be a bit daunting for those not wanting to see the head of a baby octopus.* Seared Diver Scallops "lemon beurre blanc" ($7.50) - I didn't realize this dish had other items on it besides scallops, so was confused by the texture in my mouth when I thought I eating scallop. I guess along with the scallops were tater tot like disks.  The sauce was a bit fruity.* Truffle Parmesan Fries "sea salt, parsley, lemon garlic sauce" ($6) - It came with two dipping sauces and the chunks of garlic were falling off.* Portobello Fries "lightly breaded" ($6) - This also came with two dipping sauces.* Roasted Beet and Apple Salad "arugula, candied walnuts, balsamic vinaigrette" ($8) - We like beet salads, but it seemed like this salad missed a little something.  They did shave some Parmesan cheese on there, but maybe it needed more nuts?* Clam Linguini "surf clams, roasted garlic, garden herbs, Italian parsley & white wine extra virgin olive oil broth" ($13) - We took this dish to go for my mom.  She's a big fan of clam linguine and the first thing she noticed was the amount of clams.  She gobbled up the dish and even saved the sauce for the next day.  (She said it was good, but there wasn't enough for the price.) (Update! The Husband obviously liked what he saw when we ordered this for my mom. So the following week he got an order to go!)Service - The staff were attentive, perhaps even too attentive.  I appreciate more than less, so I can't complain too much.  The restaurant wasn't busy, so they were coming around a lot to ask how things were and if we wanted to order more.  The owner (one of the partners) came around to see how we were doing too. I appreciate when the owners take an active part in their new business ventures because it can show a genuine interest in their clientele, especially if they become regulars.  He mentioned that this was a family-friendly restaurant, which we do appreciate (and noticed a kids' menu available too).Overall, we like The Sparklings but are a bit confused.  It's very upscale in appearance, but a mix of casual in the menu.  I think they can actually expand on the menu a bit more, and perhaps they will with time.  But for the time being, we just couldn't find anything in the entrees that interested us.  (Items ranged from sandwiches like Philly Cheese Steak ($8.50) and Shrimp Po Boy ($8.50) to pastas, salmon and meats, ie. Rib-Eye Steak ($25) and Filet Mignon ($25).They do offer a happy hour in the lounge/bar area from 5 pm to 10 pm daily, which means discounted drinks.  Only those over 21 years of age allowed into the restaurant after 11 pm.
5	LOVE the vibe/atmosphere, Vegas needs more places like this.  We ordered the Scallops, and they're to die for! The food is inexpensive, we had great customer service, and we will definitely be returning.  Highly recommend everyone to check this place out.
3	The Sparkling has a great concept and a lot of potential, but not quite there yet. My friend and I came here Saturday night for dinner and our expectations fell short on the ambiance, menu items, and service. Unfortunately the reviews written thus far are very misleading. In fact, I'm a bit disappointed with Yelp for the first time in a long time.Food:The food is not bad, but you are definitely getting what you pay for. We decided to do 4-5 of their appetizers to get a taste of the menu.  Not the best choice. The caprese salad had Roma tomatoes that were thin and not quite ripe yet, the brown butter gnocchi were dry and tasted like frozen tater tots that were re-heated. You would think that with an item description of "Brown Butter Gnocchi with Butternut squash"  it would have some time of sauce or butter?  Nope...just dry gnocchi and dried out, over cooked, roasted butternut squash cubes.  Our saving grace was the smoke salmon crostini and meatballs. Service:  We had an issue with one of our courses and the server seemed a bit put out and offended with our feedback and then what made the matter worse is the manager came by after it was fixed and from 5 feet away said "are you better now?" And then walked off. Don't get me wrong he was NICE about it and did his "table touch" as a professional gesture, but a further conversation on what was wrong with our dish seemed more appropriate for a slow night than a shouted conversation across the room. From then on we were ignored by the manager while he laughed and danced his way from every other table in the restaurant.  The whole restaurant had maybe 5 tables total and the server had each course coming out so fast and we felt rushed the whole time.  The server was very nice, but definitely not polished.Ambience:Very cute decor concept with the French, Country sheek theme, but the beautiful valour chairs and stunning Chandelier did not pair well with the paper napkins and casual waitstaff attire .  Also, the bar area is distracting with the TV's and loud people.  Perhaps the restaurant could have a curtain/wall up to block the view for people on a romantic date night and a separate entrance for the bar area, so  the drunk people stumbling in don't have to walk by my table acting/dressing like they are at PT's. I will try it again once they're on their feet longer maybe for a happy hour, but wouldn't recommend it as of now to a friend. Last comment... Can we take down the Xmas tree/decor now? It's January 12th.
4	What can I say? This place is very different. The decor is nice but leaves me wanting more. The food is good. Seems like a lot of stuff that can be made easily at home but it's still good. Seems like a good, relaxing spot to hand out with a few drinks.
2	This place is different.  When you walk in you expect it to be ultra fancy but it really isn't.  The food was okay, really bland.  I expected it to all taste better.  And unfortunately it took forever for us to receive our food. I won't be returning.
4	This place is pretty great. I've loved all their food so far, except for the clam linguini (the sauce was a bit bland) but other than that, can't speak highly enough of this place. The waitstaff is friendly and attentive and you can tell they want you to keep coming back. Their flour-less chocolate cake is super rich and decadent and tastes GREAT with their espresso. Best dessert ever. The atmosphere is really interesting but difficult to describe. The ornate chandelier in the middle of the room turned us off at first, because we assumed it meant the food would be really expensive. Not so! The appetizers, sandwiches and pasta entrees are very reasonably priced. They do have more expensive steaks and things but I'm sure they're top grade and worth the money. (I haven't had their steak yet.) It does feel like they haven't quite found their "niche" yet (the type of music they play has changed a few times, the atmosphere is really neat but you can't quite tell what theme they're going for etc.), and while the waitstaff is friendly and attentive, they do feel short-staffed a lot of the time. I think as business continues to pick up, they'll hire more people and it will improve the service. All in all, I will keep coming here and I hope more people discover this place and decide they love it.
5	Great local spot. Happy hour in the bar from 5-10pm everyday, so that is a plus. The food is very good, the menu is not too large, but diverse, and the prices are great for the quality. I love their clam chowder, and the turkey, cranberry and brie sandwich is absolutely delicious.  It is great to see places like this opening up in the Mountain's Edge area.
2	The service was the best!!! The food was horrible!! Will be back to try again only because of the service ...
5	No need to hit the Strip.  The place os wonderful.  So very pretty inside!  Food was fantastic!  Our server Char was great.  One of the owners Andy came by a few times to check on us.  I am very excited to have this beautiful place right around the corner!  Highly recommend! Parm garlic fries, are to die for!
4	My husband and I got to try this place on Saturday for our date night. Walking in, oh mygoodness, it is so cute. They have this cute little sign written in flowers, and a beautiful chandelier right in the center of the room surrounded by lavish vases and fresh cut (they looked fresh) flowers. I love the decor of this place! They also had walled off areas that seem perfect for families so they could contain the madness within those little walls (or at least try to). Okay, on to the important things! We tried 4 different appetizers & a sandwich to share. We were stuffed by the end of our meal. We had zucchini sticks, dates and meatballs wrapped in bacon, crispy gnocchi, crab spinach dip, and a philly cheese steak. I wasn't blown away by any culinary feats happening over here although I did enjoy the meatballs. They were definitely the best dish out of them all. The crispy gnocchi looked very skimpy compared to the photos others have posted and they weren't very crispy... I wish there were more veggies or something to it. It was very green and kind of boring to eat with those soft peas and the soft gnocchi. The best part were the pecans in it. However, I think the selling points are that they are open very late, and provide a nice alternative to in-n-out. The prices are ridiculously low. We spent $35 on all that food, and it's in a beautiful surrounding. Therefore, we will be back and I want to try the portobello fries!
5	Great new restaurant in Vegas. Staff was very polite and attentive. The menu has basic items but doubt mistake it for the quality. The food was amazing! Happy hour is from 5-10pm I was informed. Our bartender was Jose who was excellent and took our long order by memory which was highly impressive. This is definitely one of my new casual go to spots.
5	First time there and will not be the last. Very similar to Honey Salt in summerlin. Nothing else like this in the Southwest part of the valley. Great for a date night or casual dinner. VERY reasonable prices. Shabby Chic interior is a great setting We started with the caprese salad, bacon and date wrapped meatball and the scallops. All fantastic.   Main course filet mignon and chicken parm. Not much to say about the parm. Pretty basic but very good. Filet was melt in your mouth good. Outstanding meal.  Desert was creme brule and flour less chocolate cake. Both were delicious.  Service was very attentive even though they were very busy for Valentines day. Definitely coming back. Nice to have this kind of place so close to home
5	The Sparklings was a fun dining experience.    We were there to celebrate my birthday dinner and it was the first time that half of us has been there.  The food was good.  I especially liked the zucchini fries and the Gorgonzola Flatbread.    The rib eye was delicious and I like the way they make their mash potatoes.  I enjoyed the atmosphere and how spacious it is.  Their furniture makes it feel fancy.  The servers are all really nice.  Our waiter was funny and they comped some of my "birthday" shots.  I can't wait to come back.  Their prices are affordable, the atmosphere and service is great and the food is delicious!
5	incredible. wonderful place. we were there on valentine's day and it was probably their first super busy night. staff was amazing. i ordered the salmon - it was the best salmon i have ever had. and i've eaten a lot of good salmon.we had a large group and i called a couple of weeks ahead to reserve their party room (seats 12). the room was just as lovely as the rest of the place with chandeliers and comfortable seating. our whole group of 12 was quite impressed with the food. steaks were large and looked wonderful. my husband had the grilled veggie sandwich and said it was really good. we both had some sweet potato fries and they were delicious. i didn't order dessert - but others in our party did and said they were great. our server was very accommodating. they let us decorate the room and do whatever we needed for our group. can't say enough good things about this place!
5	Gorgeous and comfortable with a clean look. Good craft beer selection. The bacon wrapped date meatballs were delicious! For dinner we got the cajun shrimp and chicken pasta, shrimp po boy, braised short ribs, and rice au gratin with chicken. It was all soooo good! For dessert we had the flourless chocolate cake and the cheesecake. The flourless chocolate cake was rich and decadent, my only complaint is I wish there was more. The cheesecake was a good size slice but a little soft for our preference. We will definitely go back again and again.
3	Found this restaurant on yelp and decided to give it a try this past Saturday night.Love the proximity of the location to my house.  Less than 5 minutes away.  It's located in the Southwest part of town, near the Blue Diamond area.The restaurant itself is very spacious and there's a beautiful chandelier in the center of the restaurant.  There's more of the long table seating and humongous booths than there is for couples.Unfortunately, it was DEAD on a Saturday night.  Very surprising considering it is "Valentine's Day" weekend.. although there were several others dining it, it was just a bit too quiet that night.As for the food, we ordered:- Calamari salad for an appetizer (A-ok.. I wouldn't order again)- Crispy gnocchi with italian sausage and peas (the sauce was very tasty!  however the more I kept eating, the more I felt it was a bit too creamy and heavy for my liking)- Cajun Chicken and Shrimp Pasta (yummy & tasty.. sauce was just right)Prices were overall reasonable.  For our meal, we spent just about $30 or so.Server we had was nice and just the right amount of attentiveness.Overall I think I can give this restaurant one more try.  I hope they expand a bit more on their menu.
3	My girlfriend and I had dinner here last night in the lounge. The hostess had informed us that drinks were 30% off from 5:00 - 10:00 pm if they were served in the lounge. We were seated promptly and greeted by a friendly bartender.On the way in, we walked through the dining room. Another reviewer described the interior as shabby chic, and we agreed. High ceilings, funky, fun furniture and a good amount of space between tables left an impression that this would be a great spot for larger groups of friends.The cocktails we ordered were good and tasty, but a touch on the sweet side. The bartender warned us about one particular drink in that was VERY sweet, so we steered clear of that one. They did have a fine beer and and wine selection as well.We ordered 3 appetizers and one main course. We began with the truffle fries, the bacon and date wrapped meatballs, the arugula and walnut flatbread, and finally, the jambalaya.Everything was ok. Nothing really stood out, however. I'd call it bland, really, except for the negative connotation of the word. So, a shade tastier than bland. The jambalaya especially had virtually no spice in it at all. The fries and the flatbread were probably the most flavorful -- the fries due to their garlic, herbs and truffle oil and the flatbread had amazing fresh basil.The jambalaya did arrive already split on two plates for us which was a nice touch. We were too full for desert afterwards. The three apps, one main course, and four total drinks (two for each of us) came to about $60.We look forward to returning as they are open late (2:00 am most nights I think) and sampling again from the menu.
4	This restaurant is absolutely adorable. I didn't get the opportunity to try any of their food this time around, but we sat at the bar and had a drink and I enjoyed it so much I can't wait to return to give their food options a whirl next time.Walking in, I was pleasantly surprised by the restaurant interior. It's very spacious and super cute. The perfect place for a date night or girls night out. We walked past the dining area and settled in at  the bar. Seats are comfortable and bartenders were friendly and very attentive. They have just about every bottle you can imagine, so you can request just anything your heart desires. I went with The Chandelier, from the cocktail menu, but my friend wanted and White Gummy Bear and the bartender was happy to oblige. The drinks were tasty and pretty reasonably priced. I debated ordering an appetizer while I was there, but decided to try to be good since we had just eaten dinner elsewhere. The food menu is extensive and everything seemed reasonably priced, so I look forward to coming back soon and trying some appetizers as well as entrees.
5	Love this place! If you eat here, sit in Jason's section, he's great. Good food, great service, and good price. Definitely recommend this place.
4	I went here after a hot, sweaty workout wearing my KD VI's and yoga pants to meet up with a friend who was wearing a suit looking cute as a button. I was definitely under-dressed but I was too hungry to care. We sat at the bar while waiting on our other friend.We got a booth. The seats were big, nice and comfy. The table has a marble top. The chandelier was so pretty and I love how they have flowers spell out "The Sparklings" in front. We shared a bunch of appetizers and a bottle of sparkling wine. Our bartender/server with wild hair seemed abrasive at first but he loosened up quick when my friend called him out and gave him a hard time the whole night. It was pretty hilarious.Truffle Parmesan Fries:Comes with ketchup and lemon garlic sauce. The lemon garlic sauce tasted like it had dill in it. The fries were crisp and were a cross between skinny fries and steak fries in terms of thickness and texture.  Bacon and Dates Wrapped Meatball:I like bacon-wrapped dates. I like good meatballs. But together smothered in marinara, it was a bit strange. I wish the bacon was a bit more crisp. 3/5Tuna Tartare:Fresh tuna with avocado and mango cubes.  It comes with crostini. This was alright. 3.5/5Gorgonzola Flatbread with Honey:Just like what the name implies - nothing complicated. It's simple yet tasty. Who doesn't like cheese and honey? 3/5Grapes, Arugula and Ricotta Flatbread:With candied walnuts and balsamic vinaigrette. This was good. Sweetness and juiciness from the grapes, peppery arugula, mild taste of ricotta and crunch from the walnuts. 4/5Roasted Beet and Apple Salad:With arugula, candied walnuts and balsamic vinaigrette. I don't like beets but this was pretty amazing. It looked pretty and the textures were wonderful. Soft beets, crisp apples and walnuts. 4/5Crispy Gnocchi:Gnocchi in pesto with Italian sausage, peas and candied walnuts. I love pesto and the sauce was spot on. The gnocchi was not as crispy as I expected. 4/5Grilled Octopus:Baby octopus marinated in soy sauce. It has a nice char to it. A different server put our plate of octopus on our table and said "here's your octopuses" which started a short-lived debate. He told us "octopi is actually wrong...I looked it up". Well, octopuses and octopi are both correct, actually      /endtangent. 4.5/5I didn't feel too under-dressed when I saw some lady wearing booty shorts and sneakers. It would be nice to come back here and next time, I'll wear a dress and my favorite Gucci heels - yes, it's worth seeing my tomboy self die a little.
5	Ate here last night and it was great! My brother in law had the octopus appetizer and said he loved it. My sister had the French onion soup and she liked it and I had the filet mignon and it was absolutely perfect. Especially for a price of $25, which isn't bad for a good piece of steak. It could easily be compared to Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steakhouse.
2	I'm between 2 and 3 stars for this.There is definitely a reason to come here, but it's not what you think. I wanted to come here as a sort of late night dinner. From the pictures, things looked good. Food was described as good. Sure, why not?Maybe it was my expectation, but I will say the food we had was disappointing. Long story short, this is bar food. Maybe next time we're here, we'll try something else, but yeah, we felt kind of ripped off. What did we have?- Fried zucchini. This was thoroughly over-battered and thus quite gross and kind of hard on the outside.- Portobello fries. If you want a good version of this, go to Echo and Rig. If you want an exceptionally hard exterior, go to The Sparklings.- Tuna tartare. Absolutely avoid this. It's a mix of tuna, mango and avocado served with three pieces of toast. The tuna was overly firm and flavorless. The mango and avocado under-ripe and hard as well. Nothing particularly binding it all together. Just some chunks in a cylinder shape. Not worth it.- Crispy gnocchi. This was the only item we would have ordered again. An exceptionally flavorful heavy cream and cheese sauce covering a sort of crispy gnocchi, sausage, and nuts. It was nice, but kind of small.Yeah, food is not their forte. So what is? Now I don't know if this is because it was late, but it was kind of shady even being in there. There was nobody up front. The whole place was empty. Just tables and tables in an otherwise abandoned room. You look to your right, there's a bar. It's a nice bar with nice bartenders. You will have a good beer and be able to sit on the nice couches and chat. Nice. But even then, it's not like it's expansive.We'd be back for the bar, but nothing more.
4	My friend and I had heard great things about this place, so we decided to give it a try since we both live near by. Once you step in you feel like your in a fancy little house! The decor is very cute and a great place to bring your family or a first date. We sat at the bar and ordered Meomi (pinot nior) which is fantastic! The seafood linguine is a must and so is the beet salad! Since my visit 4 weeks ago I've been here 3 times already! Definitely more visits to come and Jose (bartender) is such a sweetheart!
5	Great dining experience! Quiet. Love the ambiance. We came with 8 people, and were seated and served immediately. We ordered bacon wrapped meatballs, pork sliders, scallops, and crab/ spinach dip. They were all very good! Came out fast. Jason our waiter definitely exceeded our expectations , playing with the babies- and getting to know us. Would highly recommend this place!!!
3	I just do not know how I feel about this place...I love it on the inside it soooo pretty and definitely different from anything you really get her in Vegas, on the outside you do not expect much at all and on the inside it looks soo clean, white, bright and spacious!! The food just did not really stick out to me much, I went with a group of friends and we literally ordered everything on the appetizer menu (which is huge!!!!!), I remember I hated the crab dip, sooo fishy it killed it for me. But i did like the sliders those were good, tuna tartar was good as well! Yet I do not really know if I liked or disliked the food there. If I had to form an opinion I would say go there for the ambiance and the drinks..... not so much the food.
5	A new hidden treasure in the southwest.  It's right next to chee burger chee burger, the quality is outstanding, the decor makes you feel right at home. Their food is fantastic for a very reasonable cost. We had the date, bacon meatball that was out of this world, the sauce was not yoo sweet and not too salty. We also had the seafood pasta which was loaded with seafood unlike a lot of  places, it was pushed with shrimp, scallops, clans, mussels, and had a nice spicy kick to it.
4	A group of us friends were having a epic night but still weren't ready to part and ended up at the bar side of the Sparklings. Everytime I hear this name it sounds like I'm going to a Barbie and Ken esque couples house and really, the decor is the right amount of homey chic that I would like to believe it so. Despite me being too full to try the amazing looking food, the comments from friends were more than positive. It was happy hour which had drink and food specials from 10pm to close (2am - ish). Our server/bartender, Jose, was also such a personality and was absolutely a sweetheart. I wish this was in the NW close to me instead as it's a beautiful spot to hang out late night, and a lovely place to eat during day. It looks like a typical neighborhood lodge bar from the outside, but it totally isn't and doesn't serve plain ole' bar food. I will be back very soon, for a full dinner. But for late night, this place is a absolutely great spot.
5	Very nice restaurant. Nice decor. Staff was wonderful and friendly.  I would be definitely come back a gain.
5	Don't judge a book by it's cover...open the book!  South Las Vegas is growing and one by one new things appear.  Just recently Sparklings opened!  American/Asian influenced.  My husband and I walked in on a beautiful Thursday afternoon and to our surprise we were the only patrons there.  First impression is French Provincial!!! Velvet chairs, Glamorous Chandelier, many hutches of early american design with antique place wear.  They have 3 different pastel colored rooms for up to 10 seating in each off to the side of the main room, a room for private parties 12 or more you can close off to make it more personal and an open area with solid marble tables and Velvet seats and Benches for comfortable seating.  In another section there is a small bar and a door to outside seating if preferred.   The menu has very comfortable pricing for the dishes they serve, The wait staff is pleasant and warm, the owner even walked over to introduce himself and give kudos to their chef.  By the looks of this place and the quality that goes into their dishes I would think it's more an upscale restaurant, but as we left a man in torn jeans and baseball cap and a girl with shredded shorts and tank top came walking in and were seated and treated as if they were dressed accordingly...so I guess it doesn't have to be an elegant night out.  Every bite of every dish we ordered was excellent...even the teriyaki Octopus which was out of this world! The Salmon in lemon sauce and capers was fabulous as was the Cajun Shrimp Pasta!  Next time I'll make room for the chocolate flourless cake or Creme Brulee.  We will definitely go again and again!! Did I mention that we got excellent service from our waiter???  Best we've had in a long long time!!! It;s nice to have a restaurant like this here in our area without having to drive to Greenvalley or Summerlin for the high end experience.
5	I feel sort of obligated to give them 5 stars, why... because they're just that awesome! Upon walking in, you will notice the amazing decor. Ambiance really made me give this place 5 stars, it is so beautiful I think they may have even hired a design team. White furniture, with pistachio green cushions. The chandelier is the focal point of the restaurant and gives it the restaurant's name sake "The Sparklings."  I came on a Wednesday during lunch and it was totally empty. I guess this is more of a dinner spot, but surprisingly the server said they are kind of busy on the weekends, but not so much. Sort of surprising considering how amazing this place is. So definitely people give them your business! Now on to the food, to start our meal we ordered the seafood bruschetta, so delicious! Loved it and the drizzle of pesto sauce made the dish look even more appetizing. For my main entree I had the jambalaya, something I've never had before. It was pretty good, but I was expecting a little bit more spice and flavor to it. To me it just tasted like chicken, seafood and tomato paste mixed with white rice.  I think it was definitely missing something but I can't exactly put my finger on since it was my first time having it. I think maybe it needed a garnish of scallions on top and the dish itself could of used more garlic? It was only $13 which is very reasonable for me because it was the perfect portion size. All the prices here are very affordable, the most expensive thing is the filet mignon at $25, which I consider almost robbery. My friend had the beat salad which he enjoyed very much. We shared the cheesecake as our dessert, this was totally store bought cheesecake and the server even admitted it not being made on site. I wish they had more dessert options, but the flour-less cake sounded good, I might have to order that next time. As Daniel T. mentioned it might be better to order 2 or 3 appetizers rather than an entree because the appetizers are all mouth watering.
4	Met here with good friends.. Made an evening of it.  Food was yummy, service was great, pretty room, great bartender.. Chocolate martins.. Delish..
5	I stumbled upon Sparklings looking for a good breakfast place...my wife and walked in, sat down and noticed they make a dish called Crispy Gniochi....the first time we had it was in New York and the Sparklings version did not disappoint....the ambience was wonderful and we will definitely be returning
5	I'm going to go ahead & say that this is the classiest local hot spot on the southwest side of town. I visited during happy hour (5pm-10pm, 30% off all alcoholic beverages) for a friend's birthday, located right next to The Lodge. Every single dish I ordered was delicious: Crispy gnocchi, grilled octopus, sweet potato fries & the flourless chocolate cake. This was already expected since the owner of this restaurant also runs Oyshi & Soyo down the street & I love their food as well. The octopus dish especially surprised me because the meat itself was tender & held a lot of its flavor. Anthony was our server/bartender & he was very patient with our party & helpful with recommendations. Tasty cocktails too.. I'll definitely be coming back!
3	on my updated review I am deducting a star.  They are open for lunch but have no lunch menu, specials, etc.  Same menu as dinner, which is too pricy for lunch considering every restaurant close by has specials.  They also charge way to much for a ice tea, $3.50 really?  They have a happy hour but it is for drinks only, no food specials which is very unusual.  I  got jumbulaya which could be considered soup the sauce was way to liquid, didn't even stick to the pasta or meat.  Friend got the cheesesteak and it was lacking in meat.  We love all the apps but the main courses still need a little work.
5	This place is super cozy and has a great modern feel to it. I love how there are comfortable couches you sit on while you are having your meal. The service was really great and I'm so happy that they were very attentive. The food was great and loved the overall experience here.
5	Great spot! Darnell is wonderful at the bar. Phenomenal place for great food and drinks at a reasonable price and great upscale ambiance!!
5	Great service , great food, great people.Try the meatballs, they are great.The design of the place is orginal and very pleasant.
4	Great new place. Some unique food options (both gnocci dishes are great). Good bar service and happy hour.
5	As a party of two, we were seated immediately and received prompt and friendly service.  Had the butternut squash gnocchi, seared scallops, and caesar salad for appetizers.  Had the linguini with clams and the salmon for our entrees.  Had a flourless chocolate cake for dessert.  Every dish was phenomenal.  We got all of this, plus two glasses of wine and a beer, for under 100 bucks.  All around fantastic dining experience; we will be coming back.
4	The Sparklings really filled a void for sit down dining in Mountains Edge. It's not "upscale" but beats many of the quick service places in strip malls. I would rate this as a great place to go on a date because of the atmosphere and prices. The menu is Italian mostly but offers sandwiches, steak and sea food. Most menu items are below $18 and are of a decent portion. I had a shrimp and chicken pasta my last visit and a plan spaghetti the first time. Both were really tasty, not the best I've had but a good value for the price. I haven't gone wrong with any of the appetizers especially the steak salad which has perfectly cooled steak along with sweet apples sliced into the mix. So many people who live in the southwest come here time and time again. Don't expect the flavors of Honeysalt, but you'll have a great meal!
5	Awesome! This place is a hidden gem. Our waitress Crystal was phenomenal :) she recommended the lobster bruschetta, which was delicious!
3	First of all, the decor in this place is gorgeous.  The detail, the style, all lend to a fancy, yet casual, bordering on hipster-esque, night out on Rainbow Blvd. I wanted to steal all of their furniture.  Other positives include really friendly, but not creepy friendly, waitstaff.  Our food came out almost immediately and water was always timely refilled.Okay, so, the food...We ordered the following: diver scallops (appetizer), butternut squash gnocchi (appetizer), tuna tartare (appetizer); and fries.The diver scallops were perfectly cooked but....there were only 3....and they were small (the rest were fried rice cakes).  The tuna tartare was also delicious but included only a small portion.  But, good execution all around.The only things I didn't really enjoy were the butternut squash gnocchi and the fries.  You'd expect a sweetness in the butternut squash gnocchi but unfortunately the squash tasted unripe, making the dish a little bland.  The fries also, sadly, tasted a bit uncooked/raw (and cold).  I'm not sure how you mess up fries, but, those suckers needed way more time in the fryer.Overall, I'd return because I had a great experience.  Some of the food, yes, was a little off, but I have a feeling it will improve.3.5 Stars.
4	I live fairly close to this place.  Finally decided to try it out so the wife and I went there on Saturday night.  The decor is awesome, wife and I agree we want our house to look like this!The menu is decent, nice mix of appetizers and sandwiches and entrees.  We had a beet and apple pizza which was ok, not great and not bad.I had the club sandwich on the recommendation of the server and it was pretty good.  Wife had a brie and ham sandwich (i think that is what was in it) and she said it was also good.  There were a lot of families with young kids in there dining which was great, but the place was half empty on a Saturday at 7 pm.   I hope it was an anamoly and that it stays busy.  It is nice to have this place in the neighborhood and i hope it is around for many years to come.  Also, Lagunitas IPA on tap which is nice!
4	Hidden gem! For the time being anyway. It's not what you would expect (especially if you've been to the restaurant that was previously in this space), but you'll be pleasantly surprised! The decor is really cute, food is great and service is excellent. We've been here several times and enjoyed our meal every time.Highlights are the salmon crostini, lobster bruschetta, meatballs, and spaghetti with mushroom and bacon.
4	Great contemporary place to visit off the strip. Very attentive service. Food was good, but would prefer to come back for appetizers and drinks instead of entrees. Great pricing!
4	Really cool addition to the southwest.  There are some excellent items on the menu.  I remember the bacon wrapped meatballs, never had that before in a restaurant.  I've had a lot of things wrapped in bacon, but never a meatball.  It was a nice touch.Everyone will appreciate the interior of this restaurant.  It's spacious enough where you can have a big party and still feel private.
5	Great restaurant with a modern decor located about 15-20 min away from the strip. We came here during the day time and it was surprisingly quiet and almost empty (a few patrons were in the restaurant). We were greeted by an awesome waiter named Jason and his service was superb.Tasted the prime rib which was by far the best prime rib I've ever had. It was very tender and almost melted like butter in my mouth. Their crab spinach cheese dip which was also delicious. As far as their Jumbalaya, it was a bit too salty.Moderately priced. Overall great, I'd like to come to this restaurant again and try more of what they have on their menu.
5	Wonderful amazing food. Atmosphere is excellent! Service was awesome.   Will definitely come back!
3	This is--by far--the coolest-looking place in the area.  The designer deserves five stars because it's a wonderful amalgam of chic and traditional.  It's really fun and a good place for a quiet first date.The food is fair--slight better than The Sizzler with a wine list to match.  The scallops were over-cooked and the pasta dishes were unremarkable.  Even the chocolate cake was pretty average.  None of it's bad but unless you want to impress someone with the vibe I wouldn't say it's place worth going to more than once.
4	Great staff, great food, awesome happy hour, cute atmosphere.. minus the bad music. Gone a few times and it's SO quite and awkward with the bad elevator music they play.  Even the staff complained about while we were there. Livin it up a little guys, especially in the bar ;p
5	Food was great! Service was spectacular! We had a birthday dinner here and they set us up in a private room. The decor is quaint and cute.  Loved the steak and Chicken Cajun shrimp, delicious! They made my son feel so special on his bday! We will be back for many more dinners.
5	Trendy and classy decoration in this newly opened restaurant. The same owner of Oyshi sushi. Very spacious dinning area, bar lounge, and private rooms. Great cocktails, Happy hour with 30% off everyday from 5-10 pm. Reasonable price. Tasty ribeye and flat bread with honey.
5	We came here to meet up with our Vegas peeps who are regulars here. Right when we entered through the door, we were greeted by the staff. We made our way to the bar and ordered the Moscow Mule. It was delicious and came in a cute copper mug. The bartender was attentive. We also ordered meatball marinara, fried portobello mushrooms, and flatbread with grapes and cheese from the happy hour menu; all were delicious. I would come back for drinks, food, and service.
5	We found this place from yelp and I was really impressed. We had two different gnocchi appetizer and the jambalaya. They are all really flavorful and I like the chicken and the shrimp in the jambalaya most as they are very tender and juicy. The decor is definitely very nice and our waiter is exceptional. Definitely coming back if I am local.I choose this place any time over the comparable chains for more interesting menu, higher food quality, more trendy decor and better services.
5	Had a great bartender. Great food. The turkey and cranberry blew my mind. I felt underdressed in a t shirt and jeans.  Love that I can get a little bit more dressed up for dinner and not have to break the bank. The happy hour is awesome. We had three drinks and two entrees and our bill was $33! Defiantly will be going back.
5	The service was stellar, this drinks stiff, and the food superb.   The crispy gnocchi was stellar.
5	Great food!! beautiful resturant... Great service/cocktails made the right way very impressed bacon wrapped meatballs were awesome
5	Love this restaurant, my friends and I come at least once a week. I usually get their grilled octopus, steak salad, sweet potato fries, and scallops. The grilled octopus is really tender and is flavorful. And not to mention Andy is always welcoming!
5	Food is amazing.  I have eaten here several times but find it disconcerting that their menu isn't available online.  It's 2014 sparklings, get with the times.  Sometimes I want to get food after a long day of work but have to get it elsewhere because they don't have an online menu where I can order and pick up to take home.  Btw, I miss the short rib they used to have.  Gnocchi is killer though
5	Found this on Yelp. There is a disconnect between the exterior and interior design, but that is to be expected off the strip. The interior is chabby chic and extremely cute! It was surprisingly empty on a Friday night. They have areas for more intimate private parties as well. We had a great waiter, attentive and friendly. The food was pretty good. My friends had a veggie sandwich and a shrimp poboy. They loved it. The spinach crab dip was pretty good & the gnocchi was awesome!! The only disappointment was the clam chowder, it was just ok..nothing great.
5	This place is amazing! It's my absolute favorite lunchtime restaurant. The Gorgonzola flatbread with honey is outstanding. Lots of choices for vegetarians. My boyfriend and friends love the bacon wrapped meatballs. The waiters here are very nice and pleasant. This place should be way more busy with the quality of food that you get.
5	I have been wanting to go here for months and I finally went with my bf. It was a Friday night 11:30pm. I was pretty surprised that this place stays open until 3am (its really awesome for a local restaurant) When we walked we were promptly greeted and seated.Ambience:The ambience is so cute, very grand and quaint at the same time. I love the mismatch motif. It's nothing I've ever seen before in Vegas. The Sparklings is like Alice in Wonderland meets Breakfast at Tiffany's. They played current EDM at the bar (where we sat at). Food:We ordered the portobello fries and garlic truffle fries for an appetizer then ordered the spaghetti in cream sauce and a cheesesteak sandwich. For dessert we ordered the cheese cake. The pasta was perfectly al dente and the sauce was savory. The sandwich was served with a salad and it was succulent and juicy. Service: Everyone on staff was very hospitable. Our server was Ray the bartender. I don't know where to begin with how great Ray was. He made sure our drinks were always topped off and always checked up on us. I mentioned that it was my bf's birthday, nonchalantly, when we ordered our drinks at the beginning of dinner and when our dessert came out he put a candle on our cheesecake (little cues like that win me over; attention to detail). When my bf and I finished our lovely meal we sat at the bar and enjoyed a couple drinks. We had a wonderful time conversing with Ray. He is truly a wonderful bartender and a beautiful soul.Overall:Came for the experience and stayed for the service. The Sparklings is a must for Vegas...Go!
4	This place is really good! Like others have said, the decor is awesome. The chandelier is beautiful. Went tonight with my parents and husband. The restaurant wasn't full at all. Our waiter, Jason, was great. He was very personable and attentive. The food was good. We got the bacon & dates wrapped meatballs, gorgonzola flatbread with honey, and seared diver scallops appetizers. The flatbread was not crispy, it was chewy, and a little on the oily side. It wasn't bad, just not what we were expecting. Our entrees were the cajun chicken and shrimp pasta, jambalaya, spicy seafood pasta, and pan-seared atlantic salmon. They were all very tasty. No complaints. Definitely coming back.
1	What a shame... I wanted to love The Sparklings primarily because the decor is beautiful and it's a stylish restaurant in the Southwest. That being said, the food was atrocious. This was like one of those Hell's Kitchen episodes where Gordon Ramsay attempts to tell the owner how horrible his food is, and the owner is consistently in denial. We found the jambalaya particularly awful- soggy, bland, and without inspiration. The menu was unfocused and we will, unfortunately, not return.
5	This place is amazing. Fancy food for really good prices. You can walk in with shorts and a tshirt on but it looks so nice! Food is also super awesome. Bartender I had was Ray. He was super. :)
5	Beautiful interior, food is amazing and reasonably priced. Late night bartender Ray makes beautiful cocktails.
5	Went here for the first time. Spontaneous date night. The ambience is original and pleasant. My love and I decided to go "tapas" style with their appetizers, which we were happy we did. The crispy gnocchi is must try. Also our server Tyler was excellent, very attentive without being too much. Overall an excellent night out. We will be returning again very soon.
5	Just a real nice, chill place to eat, drink and hang out with friends. Nice vibes going on here!!
4	Great spot for a casual dinner or drinks. Good atmosphere. Good menu. Good prices. Menu is a bit small but you sacrifice quantity for great quality. The gnocchi is delicious. And any of the pasta dishes are fantastic. Definitely a new neighborhood favorite spot for date nights.
5	My boyfriend and I dined at this restaurant this evening for the first time, and we loved it! It's a quaint little Victorian style restaurant with amazing service and a great food/drink selection. We ordered the spaghetti bacon and mushroom with cream sauce, and the Cajun pasta which was both so delicious that we couldn't help but share! I also had a raspberry mojito which made me feel like I was on a beach in Tahiti. Yum! This is a must try!
4	5/25/2014 - Party of 3. We enjoyed our dinner and drinks... Braised Beef Ribs - Pretty Tasty  & Spicy Seafood Pasta - Just OK. Staff was on point most of the time.. We would go back..
5	5 stars for: food, drink, decor, ambiance, and Andy! First time meeting the owner but he was awesome. My friend that had an event at this restaurant introduced him and he was accommodating not only to her, but a lot of the guests. I overheard a lot of people calling out to say hello to him. I wish this place well, because it seems like everyone, staff and clientele are all happy in there.
3	This place is beyond cute! But service is very limited here. We are celebrating a birthday party and only half of the table go to order their food :( I decided on the crab & spinach dip as an appetizer and it was okay. For my entree I got the Jambalaya and the rice was way too watery. My friend had the zucchini and those were delicious. Their happy hour was great and overall it was a good experience. Just wished the food was amazing.
3	Saw a lot of great reviews and was recommended by my friend to dine here so I went a few days ago. I absolutely love the decor of the restaurant. Very classy & nice. They have few "private" type of seatings available for big groups so that was good.Service was good too since there weren't too many groups in house- probably like 3 or 4? And a few at the bar.Our waitress was very sweet and attentive; checked up on us a lot.The owner/manager came out to chat with us as well & he seemed cool!They have a good selection of food & drinks.Now for the food: we started by ordering the  portobello fries. It was good & something different. For my main meal I ordered the spicy seafood pasta.Now BEWARE it is SUPER SPICY!! The portion was huge with lots of seafood and it looked delicious but once you put it in your mouth, you were on fire! Even my friends who could tolerate spicy foods said it was pretty extreme. And because of this, it messed up my stomach for two days :( So if you're going to order this, I would suggest you to tell them not to make it too spicy. My friends ordered the hamburger steak, steak salad, cajun pasta, & ribs.I didn't get to try any of their food but they all said it was delicious~Especially the hamburger steak & ribs. Unfortunately for the steak salad, my friend's steak had a lot of fatty parts- where she couldn't eat so she told the waitress and they were able to bring out a new one for her.Tons of parking outside of the restaurant.I would like to go back next time but definitely will order something else.
4	Great atmosphere~ nice scene~ somehow it was when I dined with my family, prices for appetizer was reasonable but steaks were a bit pricy compares to cheesecake like similar restaurant classes... however for the foods we order like scallops, gnocchi, parmesan fries were unbelievable but meatball bacon dates was extremely salty which I leftover most of it other than that it rocks my pallet~ Im giving them 4 stars becuz my entree like clam linguine were no flavor also their soft drink price was extreme price where fountain iced tea was $3.50 and canned ginger ale too... if it was fresh brewed or organic.. I would definitely pay what it was but... disappointed... however as general service was decent food came out fast but just want them to make entrer have flavor into it and adjust prices on non alcoholic beverages or upgrade that to organic or fresh brew.. well done sparklings~
5	Friendly and attentive service! Food was good and cocktails were even better! Try the cucumber French!
5	I celebrated my daughter's 2nd birthday here with close friends and family. Had a wonderful lunch, and excellent service. Andy the mgr will work with you with how much servings you need for a certain amount of people. I was a little embarrass cause the kids were running around the place (sorry Andy), thank you Dina for entertaining the kids also!
5	We attended a little get together and as I walked into this restaurant, it reminded me of a New York City lounge/restaurant place. its very trendy and the atmosphere was nice. Great place to have a bridal shower, baby shower, small type venues. The food was really good. They made it family style and it worked out great with everyone in the table. There were like 7 different dishes =chicken and shrimp jumbalaya, mussels, carbonara, chicken wings, scallops , garlic fries, arugula flat bread and they were all good. impressive. The owner and the waitress were really nice.We had little kids with us and the waitress put them in their own table and entertained them with paper and crayons so the adults can enjoy.
5	My twin and I went there for lunch to try it for the first time. We were really impressed with everything. The place looks really nice n clean n our server, Crystal, was very helpful with the menu. She was very friendly and very efficient. We ordered the beet salad and the famous crispy gnocchi that Crystal recommended and we loved them both. For our entrees I ordered short rib and my twin ordered a rib eye steak. Everything was cooked to perfection. We will definitely be back. We are both in the restaurant industry so we will absolutely tell our friends at work to come check this place out. We were so surprised they weren't busy but maybe because they are new. We will definitely make The Sparklings  our new place to hang out! Thanks Crystal. U rock!!
4	Good food, great ambiance and service!! I had the short ribs and they were tender and falling off the bone moist n juicy!! Dessert was scrumptious and simply delish!! I plan on coming back and have recommended this place!
4	My wife and I really like this place. The food is always well prepared, and they offer a solid variety of menu items. The tappas are very good - I really crave the gnocchi dishes as soon as I enter the building. Try the club sandwich - seems like a vanilla type item to order - but the Sparklings does it better than anyone.
5	I've grown to be highly cynical of restaurants on Yelp that have 4+ stars, because I'm usually disappointed. A lot of Yelpers just don't have very good taste in food, so it's very hit or miss. After eating yesterday at The Sparklings, I left extremely impressed. I had three dishes there: a Caesar salad, the bacon and date-wrapped meatballs and the crispy gnocchi. All three were excellent! The service was prompt and friendly, and they take a lot of pride in their food. They have a lot of tapas-type offerings and a very pleasant dining atmosphere. This is a very exciting addition to the SW Las Vegas restaurant scene and I'm glad they're in my area. I really hope people support this great restaurant, because they truly deserve it. Do yourself a favor and check out The Sparklings!
5	I always get a great experience coming here. We always come in during the later hours and the bartenders are always really nice. The food is also just as good! Crab and spinach dip are my favorite! Last night I just tried the flourless chocolate with vanilla ice cream, it hit the spot! Atmosphere is just as nice too!
4	Love this place!  Super cute gem tucked away in a spot you would never guess.  A friend had to tell me about it or I never would have gone. Nice atmosphere with some fun decor.  There are lots of different seating postures so you can find what you like: sofa, lounge chairs, regular dining table, bar seating, and booth seating.  The food is good as well. Didn't knock my socks off but definitely worth trying. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is bc the service is slow. We were sitting in the lounge area in the bar so perhaps they just need to get a server to cover that area rather than the bar tender.I will definitely be back!
4	Yes a fan I am! Here's why...first of all it's about time we have an upscale gourmet eatery in this otherwise chain restaurant laden area of SW Vegas. Secondly the food was very nice and at 30% off happy hour prices on a Friday night, we had a grand time trying a variety of appetizers which matched well with our prosecco (sparkling like the restaurants name) and novelty cocktails, I had a blueberry ginger mojito, or two...yet I digress...the food, bacon wrapped meatballs (divine), langostino bruschetta (splendid) and fried zucchini sticks (nice). The last but not least thing is the ambience... feminine, artsy, delicate yet comfortable... a contrast against the  predominately male staff.
4	The Sparklings is conveniently located around the corner from my home.  The decor reminds me of the tiny blue box from Tiffany's signifying class and elegance.  However this restaurant isn't pretentious whatsoever.  Dress up or go business casual. The food is really good...I have ordered the shrimp Po boy sandwich and the Cajun pasta before.  The flour less chocolate cake with raspberry is simply divine!  Its been open for several month's however I get the feeling that not everyone knows this.  Once they get dialed in, then I'm sure we can count on them to serve us fine Las Vegas people what we want...brunch that is!
4	I tried this place a couple days ago thinking it was new, but when I asked to waiter they've been open since last year. The decor was beautiful, the atmosphere was chill, and the food was amazing. The waiter was nice and friendly, but pretty average service. The place was quite empty when we arrived, so we got seated right away.Me and my friends ordered beers, the sweet potato fries, fried zucchini, bruschetta, and caesar salad as our appetizers. I was a bit irritated that the bruschetta on the menu did not state that it had seafood in it, as one of my friends is severely allergic to seafood. Good thing I tried it before he did, and immediately tasted the crab meat. I suggest they change the menu and put stars next to their seafood products as an indicator, because it only says "cream cheese, avocado, and onion" as the toppings. It was still quite delicious, but my friend was the one who ordered it and couldn't even enjoy it or try it.As our main course selections I ordered the spicy seafood pasta. It was the perfect amount of spice and the seafood tasted fresh! And I'm usually very picky with how I like my seafood. Two of my friends both ordered the bacon and mushroom pasta, which I tasted. It was also delicious. My other friend had the clam linguini, which he thought was delicious as well, although I didn't try any. Overall, I gave 4 stars because the atmosphere and food was really good. I enjoyed it and would come back again. The only reason I docked 1 star was because of the lack of labeling of which appetizers have seafood. If he took a bite of it before I did, we would have ditch that place and make a trip to the ER fast!! Luckily that didn't happen!
5	Perfect sized portions, Excellent Food and amazing atmosphere.  Its like nothing else in the SW part of the valley.. I stumbled upon it after finding out from a friend that his son worked there.I used to pass by it thinking it was just another PT/Lodge type bar as the outside decor would make you think that.. However step inside and you are transported to a different world.I have been back 3 times since then, its the perfect location to have a nice date night... not to expensive, not to high class... a great spot overall.  I will be back again and again.Oh Bonus !!! The Owner and Staff are all amazing..  Try out their cocktails !!!!!!
4	Overall pretty decent.  While the pricing is good, the portioning is commensurate with that pricing.  Overall it was pretty good, but since the portions were a little on the small side, you were left wanting.  The ribeye looked like a the same size as you would get with steak and eggs, and the file was maybe 5 or 6 oz.  The bar looks worthwhile and they happy hour specials looked to be of good value.
4	Had a great meal the crispy gnocchi defiantly saved this review!!The host was great got us seated earlier then our reservation on a sat night, but on the other hand it was DEAD in there for a sat night. The wait staff was not on it that night either, it seemed like no one was sure what section they were serving.... took for ever to get one over and get our drinks.I had a Moscow bourbon in a copper cup mmmmmm! And started with the crispy gnocchi which I will say again was my favorite! My meal was the rice au gratin with chicken very good but very rich! To finish they gave us a free flourless chocolate cake for my and my friends birthday! very good but, dense and rich , order a side of ice cream to go with defiantly needed . All and all I want to give this place another chance to get five stars I know they have it in them I just need that stellar service.
5	I have been to The Sparklings 4 times and each experience was 5 star.  The food is delicious (great variety) and the ambiance and staff is superb.  I'm thrilled that we have a restaurant like this in the SW!
5	Love it!! First went here for my birthday back in January and have been a fan ever since! The atmosphere and decor is the first thing I noticed! Very intimate setting the provides a great feel. The prices are so reasonable along with the healthy portions of food! I love the Chicken Parmesan and my boyfriend first got the short ribs. The meat was so tender it fell of the bone! The happy hour is also a must do. Can't beat half off drinks right? I also love the management! He remembered us from the first time we came and genuinely cares about his customers and making sure they have a great experience! I highly recommend coming for any occasion; birthday, graduation, impromptu date night. It's a great spot you'll keep coming back to!
5	Our first time coming here-myself and the boyfriend - we walked in and was impressed with the decor and atmosphere. We ordered a variety of dishes from the crab and spinach dip, bacon and dates wrap meatball and the turkey and cranberry sandwich. We both enjoyed the food immensely. The food was absolutely delicious- quality ingredients and gourmet taste at a very affordable price. The staff was extremely personable and I also liked the music a lot  this was our first time here but definitely will not be our last.
5	I came here for a friend's birthday dinner and I totally did not expect the ambiance that I experienced when I walked in. From the outside, it doesn't really look the way it does on the inside. It's a very relaxed, yet sophisticated setting. Some tables are sectioned off with more privacy. The food is great. I definitely recommend this place.
5	The bar teander\waiter was great. Funny and knowledgable. I orderd a cucumber french and was really pleased. It reminded me of this great cocktail at The Westin. We ate bacon date meatballs, capresse salad, sea diver scallops and crispy gnocchi. Every thing we ate was awesome!!!
4	SUPER darling interior and ambiance in the restaurant.  Menu is amazing too, some of the food didn't quite live up to my hopes but overall still very good.  Highly recommend for an affordable but nice night out. Also attended a baby shower here and it was wonderful!
5	I don't understand why this place is always dead, because the food is so delicious and prices are pretty good. My thought when I first ate there was, too bad this place is going to go out of business, because I really like it.I've gone back a few times to help keep it in business, but I think it'll need more help. Go!
5	Love this place. We end up going a few times a month. Good food, good and friendly Servace
5	Delicious appetizers and cocktails !!! The servers are all super attentive and nice !!  I always get the octopus and gnocchi   The atmosphere is flirty and fun. The decor is amazingg Perfect place for a girls night out !
5	Loved the atmosphere and the staff was pleasant. So far everything I have tried tastes great. Love the bacon mushroom spaghetti!
5	Really nice and fun decor. Waiter was great. Gnocchi appetizers was delicious. Had lunch sandwich and it's was very filling. Looking forward to going back!
5	Great service! Awesome food! I go there  4 Takeout. They are always accommodating and have my order ready when I arrived. I plan on dining in next week. I cannot wait! I highly recommend this restaurant!! They also do not allow smoking!!! Awesome!
5	This place is amazing!!! The cocktails, appetizers and entrees are impeccable. I've had 5 star restaurants on the strip and The Sparkling is by far the best.
5	After our first visit, we have come back to The Sparklings several times.My co-workers had a dinner night-out and I highly recommended this place, and so everyone came in with the high expectations I set for them, and they were all please with the service and the food and thanked me for telling them about this place! We also invited our friends from out of town to join us and they also LOVED their experience here. This isn't a biased statement, but their Rib Eye steak is the best I've ever had in my life. I'd say better than the steaks I've ordered at a lot of higher-rated steak restaurants where you'd pay for it a la carte. They pick the best cut of meat that just falls apart when you cut into it. This has easily become my favorite restaurant, and EVERYONE needs to try it out, you won't be disappointed.
5	Went for a late night drink with my wife and we sat at the bar. We had the garlic fries and a couple IPAs. Great vibe, good food (our app was great), we will definitely be back for a traditional meal.
5	They have a great atmosphere and amazing service. I really recommend this place. The food was delicious. As well as a great ambiance. This was a great place.
5	This place is Amazing! Nice local restaurant that is classy and contemporary. Highly recommended.
5	Awesome place to eat and drink!  Great place to pre-game
5	Quality of ambience and food for this price point??!!! A win-win for the Southwest part of LV! Phenomenal! I had a few appetizers- all incredible, and happy hour beverages. Prices are super reasonable, service was excellent, and the atmosphere/vibe in this restaurant are exquisite! I'll definitely be back!
4	First impression when you first walk into this place is, "wow, very beautiful!"  This place is definitely a hidden gem for the southwest area.  Best part is that it's open late, with bar and kitchen open till 2am.I wish I could've given this place 5 stars!  The only mess up was the rib eye steak was over cooked and looked like it belonged in a $2.99 steak and egg special.The wife and I shared truffle fries, meatballs, scallops, rib eye steak (which we sent back to the kitchen, and braised pork ribs.The Truffles Fries were my favorite, plenty of garlic! Definitely tasted Asian fusion.Meatballs were very good, could've been a little softer.  The marinara sauce was on the sweeter side, but I didn't mind it.Scallops are a must!  Perfection indeed.  The seasoning and the way it was cooked was on point.Ribeye was the worst part of our meal, and we had to send it back to the kitchen because it was cooked well done (we asked for medium).  There was no flavor and the look of the steak was ugly.We replaced the steak with the braised pork.  The pork and sauce was amazing, and a huge rebound from the rib eye steak.So overall, we will be coming back and recommending this place to everyone we know!  We will just let everyone know, not to order the rib eye steak!
5	I'm on the fence to select 4 or 5 stars. I wish there was a 4.5 stars option. The service was decent and the food definitely above average. Our service was very nice, but I felt it was a bit too casual considering how nice the food and interior looked.There was a slight mess up on one order where they brought two of the same dish out. It was funny how the second dish "looked" better than the first dish. But the first dish tasted good so no complaints.You definitely get your money's worth. A very nice establishment with very good food.
5	WOW.Was my first thought as I walked in.Atmosphere is amazing. Cozy. Warm. Anthony helped me, as a first timer, through the menu, and his recommendations were SPOT on.Food and Service are TOP-NOTCH.COME HERE.
4	The restaurant is very unique which was pretty interesting. To start of the BF and I ordered the seared scallop which was very crispy and tender. For our entree I ordered the Cajun chicken and shrimp pasta and the BF ordered the spicy seafood pasta. As the waiter suggested, he ordered it mild spicy because the level of spice is between 6-10. (If you're not that into spicy food I suggest to have it mild spicy). Over all my experience was great and so was the food!
5	Super chic, contemporary, yet home-y feel to this restaurant. I've been here a few times n each time the food n service never disappoints. A few of my personal favorites are the braised short ribs, spicy seafood pasta, crispy gnocchi, and bacon & dates wrapped meatballs. Can't wait to go back! =D
3	I came here a few days ago with my boyfriend around 9pm. We had to wait a little to be seated, as there was no staff on the floor when we walked in. Our server was so nice, but the pace and order of our meal wasn't the greatest. Our apps came out promptly followed by our mains almost immediately. The only problem was we ordered drinks that weren't delivered until all of our food had come. There was a large birthday party going on, so maybe that's why service was off. The food was good, it may be a nice place to grab drinks and small plates. Am glad I tried it, but will probably not go back.
4	We were in the area and was hungry after wet and wild.Good place. Venue was nice. It was about 2pm and it was dead. Service was nice.Seafood pasta was really good. Ribs were pretty good. And the chocolate dessert was delicious.  I would try it again.
3	I dont know. There are a lot of great reviews on this place this is why I have a 3 instead of a 2. Everyones comments on how great the decor is, in my opinion, I felt it was cheap looking. I had one of the pasta dishes and it was bland. The service was ehhh ok. This is why I say "ehhh ok". I ordered cocktail and started to drink it. I was about a quarter of the way through and notice a bug (appeared to be a tiny spider) in it. The next time the waiter came over I showed him. All he did was lift up the glass and said yeah there's a spider. Now, I did not expect anything in return except an apology. I figured he would tell his manager about it but no. Obviously, I was not charged for the drink. I do have a photo of it but will not post it on here. I am just not a fan.
2	My friend decided to have her birthday dinner here, I was excited to try a new restaurant, she mentioned she had found it here on Yelp, and it had wonderful reviews. But I hate to say that I cannot agree with these reviews. Upon arrival I thought that the atmosphere seemed charming with its decoration, although it looks nice it really felt as though there was a lot missing at the same time.  While waiting for the rest of our party I sat with a friend at the bar, the bartender was great- very friendly and delightful. We then made out way to the table and I was thankful I had my drink from the bar as it took quite a while to even get a drink order placed and then quite a while to get the actual order. I shared quite a few food options with two other friends, and the food was okay, I cannot say that I really enjoyed any of the selections to recommend. The service here was very bland, and lacking quite a bit.I was really anxious to try a new establishment, but I have to say that I was not at all impressed. Overall, I left the restaurant with a feeling of confusion.
5	The crispy gnocchi, gorgonzola flatbread, and beet salad were great! I can't wait to come back again and try more! Eat at the bar and chat with Jose! He's a sweetheart!
4	To find a neighborhood gem that serves lovely food and great cocktails is always a plus in my book, and Sparklings is now a favorite stop for a few martinis and some great appetizers.  I have yet to try a main entree, which I assume is excellent, but their plethora of appetizers keeps me craving smaller plates over a nice, big steak.  The menu is simple--appetizers, soups, sandwiches, pasta and rice, and then entrees and desserts.  On our first visit, my husband and I went through four cocktails and about 6 appetizers.  Our bill remained well under $90 and we left happy.My first suggestion is to try their apple & beet salad with candied walnuts along with their crispy gnocchi.  The gnocchi is rich and pillowy, while the salad provides that light contrast.  Move on to the scallops and brown butter gnocchi (if you don't mind doubling up on the gnocchi), then some grilled wings and meatballs.  Those bacon-wrapped meatballs with dates provides a salty and sweet dish with a side of grilled, sweet chicken wings.  We washed it all down with a few Chandelier martinis, a French 75, and a bourbon mule.  Hit it up with some creme brulee or cheesecake if you have room to spare, and your meal will be complete.I love Sparklings and will forever be a regular at this joint.  If you have yet to try this place, hop in your car any time before 1am to get there before closing.  It's worth the drive.
5	Can't beat this food and atmosphere!  Special drinks are outstanding and the service was extremely good.  Definitely will come back here!!
1	Just came in 8-15-14 late pm. Bartender was terrible. Zero acknowledgement to me at all. Looks like maybe owner/restaurant partner/or simply bartenders friends were drinking there. I wanted to eat but just left because i wasnt getting any service. Its crazy, cause im on record giving them good reviews in the past. They just lost business...And from a true LV foodie with influence. Bartender needs some serious hospitality training. Will be a long time before or even if i ever decide to come back or recommend. Crazy how one person can fudge it up for ya.
5	Been here two times, everything went super well ! 100 stars!!! Write more about it later ...
4	I ordered solely based on the pictures posted here so wound up ordering the truffle Parmesan fries and spicy seafood pasta. It was a lot of starch and carbs, but I don't regret it. The waitstaff was amazing- very friendly and accommodating. I was warned when I ordered the spicy seafood pasta that the heat is about a 6 or 7 out of 10, but they can make a milder version. I'm really happy I was warned in advance- I think the mild version had the perfect amount of spice. The food was really good- I think there's room for improvement (I wasn't the biggest fan of the calamari in the pasta) however the friendly staff, price point and solid dishes make it worth trying out.I will definitely be back to try more of the menu (maybe I'll be able to work in a vegetable next time).
5	Let me start off by saying, Jose is awesome! He was our server and he provided excellent service and an entertaining dining experience, and making us grateful we didn't walk out when we first walked in due to nobody else being in the restaurant (We found out later there was something big happening downtown, and that is why it was as empty as it was). The food was delicious and came out in a timely manner.       We ordered the calamari as an appetizer and believes when we say it was one of the best versions of the dish we've had, and we come a seafood town. I had the Atlantic Salmon, which had a crunchy twist making it a delectable treat. My friend had the shrimp salad, which was a good as a shrimp salad can be lol.     Overall, two thumbs up and another big plus is that it is just far enough away from the strip to make it a perfect Non-Tourist trap.
3	This place is above average but I do not suggest here if you have a large party. Our poor waiter was serving the entire restaurant himself, and the bussing service was terrible. They left the water pitcher on our table and made my friend feel uncomfortable. I guess they left it there knowing it'd be a while before they came around again. Since it was a large group, they presumed we were all just sitting around mingling except we waiting an hour before getting asked if we wanted entrees. As for food, it was good but not anything I would come back for. We had the bacon date meatballs, Caesar salad, short ribs,  rib eye, Cajun pasta, crispy gnocchi,  seafood pasta, and sweet potato fries. Best was the short ribs.
3	When you live in Mountain Edge community and you want great nearby restaurant to eat, there are very few choices. One day, I went on Yelp and search for good nearby restaurant to eat, the Sparklings restaurant popped up and here we went.When I walked in, I met the co-owner who used to manage the Oyshi restaurant located a couple blocks down the road. We went there during peak dinner time on the weekend but the restaurant wasn't crowded, but that could be because the restaurant has only been opened for a few months. There was a lot of people at the bar though.Anyway, the place was nice and clean and the service was top notch. I looked at the menu and the prices are not cheap, kind of on the mid-tier level. Anyway, we ordered some appetizers and some entrees and here are our takes on it:All the appetizers we ordered were excellent. The grape flatbread was "da bomb" and so was the grilled octopus and the scallops. We wanted to eat more of them after we devoured all in a very short time. As for the entrees, let just say that we were disappointed after starting out so well with the appetizers.The steak was overcooked and dried, the spicy seafood pasty was kind of bland and under-seasoned and not spicy at all. Overall, it's decent and close to my house and that's why the 3 stars. I will come back but most likely I will just order the appetizers, especially the flatbread, and not the entrees.
5	This place is soooo cute! I am in love with the decor! I seriously wanna live here just cause of how pretty it is inside. I came here for a birthday celebration. Our party was huge... 17 people! They were prepared for us and had the table set up with water for everyone before we got there. Super organized! The waiter was also really helpful and took his time with us. It can get pretty hectic with so many people. I was very impressed. They were also even able to split the check for us with no complications. No automatic gratuity included either! The food was decently priced and amazing. I was expecting to spend a bit more but was very satisfied with their prices. There aren't tooo many options for entrees but they have a lot of appetizers. I decided to make a meal out of the apps cause I couldn't find anything I really wanted from the dinner menu. I got the steak salad and gnocchi. Both were delicious!I can't wait to come back here!
3	I really liked the inside of the sparklings, its very comfortable and the staff were pleasant and clean. Parking wasnt too bad, and I also like the way they keep their bar area separate from the restaurant, its interesting. There is a separate lounge room for bar drinks and socializing but its kept apart from the restaurant dining room and can still be viewed via indoor window, i thought this was pretty smart since it keeps the dining areas ambiance more quiet and relaxing if you dont want the loud fuss of the people around the bar scene bothering you. Once you enter the center of the restaurant has a flower arrangement of orchids with seating protruding from this center and a large chandelier hanging from above. Decor has almost a modern mixed with antique feel to it. We ordered the crispy gnocchi, scallops, french onion soup, hamburger steak, and seared salmon. The scallops were good and I liked the sauce on them, the gnocchi was also good and had a pesto cream sauce and the gnocchi itself were lighty crisp out and soft inside. The french onion soup was good but a little on the salty side and the salmon was a little garlicky and also very salty but the flavor was good. Besides them needing to drastically reduce the sodium in their food I couldnt complain too much. The hamburger steak comes on a bed of rice loco moco style but has good flavor as well. Overall i thought this place was okay, but they need to really cut down on the salt before my blood pressure kills me. Be sure to get an extra glass of water to dilute your food if you decide to stop here.
2	I was so very looking forward to eating here.  got a takeout order, ordered the spaghetti with mushroom and bacon cream sauce, bacon date meatballs, and spicy seafood pasta.  the meatballs were quite good.  the date added a nice sweetness and anything wrapped in bacon is delicious.  the sauce was a little on the tangy side.  little bit too acidic if you ask me.  spaghetti with mushroom and bacon cream sauce was really good.  a very simple dish with few ingredients done very well.  highly recommend this dish.  the spicy seafood pasta was good and bad.  I would say the dish as a whole was great.  sauce was good, lots of seafood and large scallops.  only problem was the mussels were horrific.  they were spoiled rotten or something.  they smelled like poop.  I could not eat it.  the mussels pretty much ruined the entire dish for me.  not sure what was going on with the mussels, but they all smelled bad.  I'm iffy about going back after my experience.
1	I really don't understand how this place has such high ratings!? Worst food I have EVER had in a restaurant! We ordered the gnocchi, sliders, ribeye steak, walnut beet salad and chicken fingers for the kids. Gnocchi was ok, sliders were the worst I've ever had, salad dressing was bland and served with beets from a can, chicken fingers looked like they came from Costco's frozen isle with a side of Hidden Valley ranch (cannot be mistaken), and the steak was an embarrassment for them to even send out! We asked for our steak to be prepared "medium" and it was far past well-done. Because the steak was so gray in color and lacked flavor we thought they may have boiled it...gross! In addition, service was horrible since they had 2 waiters for the entire restaurant while they were quite busy.  The decor looks really nice from the entrance but the minute you sit and look around you nothing makes sense. Never going back! Ps.soap dispensers in restrooms do not work
5	Jose the bartender is great! Very funny, entertaining and accommodating. I love that this place is open late and has a very solid food selection. I recommend the ahi tuna, crispy gnocchi and flatbread. Everything else looks good as well. They have nice decor and a very chill relaxing vibe in the bar area. Good music!
5	Love love LOVE this place! The service is great, the people are friendly and the food is delicious. The decor inside is so well designed and the high ceilings add to the amazing ambiance. The music is never too loud either so it's a great place to catch up with friends. Highly recommend this place for locals (tourists too :)) looking for a relaxing evening out.
5	Love the atmosphere. Very laid back and some cool music going. Try the chandelier cocktail it is fantastic. On to food... I had jambalaya which was incredible. We shared some Parmesan fries which were also great. She had the Philly and said it was very good. She really liked the soft bread they use. The waiter was very laid back and knew the menu. Also gave great recommendations. Like the other reviews said it is the hidden gem of Vegas. If you haven't been yet then get on it.
5	Place was amazing!! Definitely recommend the Crispy Gnocchi and bacon date wrapped meatballs.... Service was awesome as well, very helpful on what to recommend..
5	this place is truly a hidden gem! first of all, the decor and atmosphere creates an amazing intimate ambiance that is original and unmatched in local restaurants in Las Vegas. the style is eclectic and the music suites this place perfectly without overpowering customer's conversations. secondly, the food is fantastic! the seared diver scallops were beautifully cook and the spicy seafood pasta was phenomenal. Andy, the part owner/manager was very gracious and took great care of everyone equally. the customer service here is better than the 85% of the restaurants I've been to on the strip. I would sincerely recommend 'the sparklings' for that reason alone!this place has the ability to accommodate any sized party wonderfully and I am definitely coming back and recommending it to everyone! it's simply fantastic
5	I love this place food is great me and my friends would be back spinach dip it was amazing and the customer service was great
5	This place is BEAUTIFUL. The interior is decorated so gorgeously. If you come here, be well dressed! The food definitely matches the decor, super fancy and delicious. You can't go wrong with BACON. Yup, there was a bacon pasta. SOO good!! I was surprised! They loaded that thing with bacon. It was very creamy as well. The waiters and manager were super nice and accommodating, a must in a restaurant like this. I was very impressed and definitely going to make my boyfriend take me here for dinner. 5 stars for sure, can't wait to go back again!
4	Delicious food, great service! Atmosphere is perfect.  A few details away from being gourmet! Highly recommend!
5	Love this place! Had my birthday dinner here. Foods great, service is great and it definitely added to an amazing birthday! Tyler our server was the best!
5	My wife and I decided to try this restaurant.  The decor is very contemporary and had a romantic feel. The bar is separated from the dining room. We tried the grape, arugula, and goat cheese flat bread, crispy gnocchi, braised short ribs, and chicken parmigiano.  Everything was delicious. I do recommend the gnocchi and the ribs over all other dishes.
4	"I'm not in the mood for a Crystal, Diamond, Amber, or Jade at Sapphire.  No, not my Destiny."  I say to laughs from the guys and one "you're a pig" from the lone female in our group."You have to call me that because you're a girl". I giggle.  "Oooh, and I want food"."Fine" she continues.  "let's go to Sparklings"."Oooh Sparklings". I coo, more laughter from the guys."It's not that kind of place... pig" she concludes.Contemporary meets country sheik.  With it's strong feminine vibe, it's the perfect place for a local, ladies night out.  Guys, you'll understand the appeal.The food leans towards sensibly portioned Cali cuisine with just right amount of bad for the health to be Vegas.  The classic bacon wrapped dates becomes a delicious bacon wrapped meatball with dates.  No longer bite size, the ground meat a little dry in texture but the combination with the tomato sauce is very good.Continuing with starters, a warm flatbread smeared with ricotta cheese and overloaded with arugula, halved seedless grapes, and candied walnuts then drizzled with a balsamic reduction is well executed.  A salad you can hold with the right contrast of sweetness to tangy cheese, crunch to tender, bitter greens.  The other standout is the crispy gnocchi served in a pea pure, creamed pesto with bits of Italian sausage and crushed candied walnuts.  Again, it strikes a great textural balance.  The brown butter sage gnocchi is also worthy.  The fries miss the mark.  The Truffle Parm taste of synthetic truffle oil, the Portobello fries, soggy, and the zucchini sticks overly crisp on the outside, overcooked and wet on the inside.Small list of mains including a loco moco with demi instead of brown gravy (win!)  Tried all, no real standout, no real complaints.Good, off Strip service.  Very fair prices.I left feeling happier than a pig in... you get the idea.
4	GREAT! GREAT! GREAT!!   Awesome hidden gem in LV.  Great food, good service, decently priced, beautiful restaurant, great for groups.  I was surprised when I walked in because I didn't expect it to look like that.
4	Great food, great prices, gorgeous venue. Come for happy hour, the bar staff is really friendly and make great drinks. This is a great date place also. We have tried most of the appetizers and all are great, but the truffle fries and steak salad are the best. We also tried the crab dip and the lobster bruschetta and they were tasty but not the best. My husband has ordered the cajon chicken and shrimp pasta and he thought it was really good. He ordered the chicken parm before also and said it was average and would have preferred to get the pasta. Can't beat this place for the ambiance, apps, and drinks! Glad it is right next door to my apartment :)
3	Came here for my friends birthday party and it was my 1st time here. I was really impressed by the design of this restaurant. It has the feeling of "Breakfast at Tiffany" It seems like a nice place to come with a bunch of girls or bunch lolWhat I didn't like is how hot it was in here. We do live in Las Vegas so you don't want to eat dinner and worry about if your sweating. It was so hot I has to step outside to cool down. I did like there happy hour 7-10pm. That was great. The food was alright, didn't really like the calamari because it was way toooo hard. The steak was way under cooked.I would give this place one more chance because it was very elegant inside.
4	This is one of my favorite local spots. The food is good, although I tend to order the same things over and over again. I find the appetizers to be better than their entrees. Their selection of entrees is limited. It is always quiet in here, and I love the vibe. Service is always great! Things may change as they get busier, but only time will tell.
5	My sister and I held our niece's bridal shower here a week ago and it was flawless. The staff and management worked hard to accommodate every request. A group of 22 women and not one complaint in the bunch. Our guests were asking if we knew someone at the restaurant personally because they were so friendly and attentive. The food was excellent, the prices reasonable, and the ambiance is gorgeous.
2	By the look of the restaurant you think you are going to get a good meal but by the time we tasted our appetizer we knew the quality would not be there. We started off with the grapes, arugula and ricotta flat bread. The flat bread was barely warm which made it hard to eat because the ingredients kept rolling off. It was over dressed with balsamic vinaigrette and needed a drizzle instead of a pour. The ingredients in this dish had the ability to work well together but the dish just ended up tasting unsophisticated. For our mains we ordered the chicken Parmesan and the Philly cheesesteak. Once again, both dishes were unrefined. Chicken Parmesan-  dish was under seasoned, breading was soggy at the bottom and crispy on the top making me think the chicken was not freshly breaded,it was dryPhilly cheesesteak- the low quality of meat and bread was evident. It came with a spring salad that had no dressing and a pickle spear sitting on top. Even if you like pickles I don't think anyone wants it seeping into their salad. It's too bad that the food does not deliver because they did a great job on the theme.
5	The ambience here is just beautiful, real Victorian. I can't express the relaxing and sophisticated feel of this place. Food was great as well, another favorite spot away from the strip. I recommend the spicy seafood pasta, seared scallops, bacon wrapped date meatballs. Once again, this place is a quiet hidden beauty!!!
4	Really cute place with good service good prices and average food. I will probably be back with friends, but their food is not something I would ever crave.
5	I'm glad I finally came to this place. A friend told me how good this place was but he never mentioned how nice this place was. I felt like I was at a tea party. The ambiance is great. Perfect for a date or even a big group. My bf and tried a few appetizers, the flourless cake and a few beers. The gnocchi was my favorite and the meatballs were my bf's favorite. The pesto sauce in the gnocchi was so so good. I dipped everything else in it. I can't wait to try the salmon and a few other items on my next trip back, I saw the bar on my way out and am for sure going to try some of the cocktails too. It looked so relaxing and chill. Everyone was so nice and I loved the fact that it's down the street from me.
4	We came in on Friday night for date night, not really sure what to expect except what we had read on Yelp. It was pretty busy so we couldn't get a seat in the bar area. The dining room was busy too so we grabbed a drink while we waited for a table to open up. It took about 10 minutes to get a drink, and by that time a table had opened up for us. Our server, Clayton, was super nice even though he seemed a bit frantic. We ordered crispy gnocchi, bacon-wrapped meatballs, spicy seafood pasta and the short ribs. Everything was fantastic, except the pasta was JUST OK. It was good, it just tasted like something I could easily make at home and there wasn't that much seafood in it. The ambiance is a bit strange. It's beautiful inside, but also kind of weird at the same time. The decor doesn't completely mesh, but somehow it's still cozy. I will say though, they should turn the music up a notch and dim the lights a notch as well. For our drinks, we ordered the bourbon mule, which I surprisingly liked even more than the vodka version, moscow mule. Clayton never left us hanging and checked on us JUST enough. At the end of the meal, our bill was about $75, which is not bad at all. We will definitely be coming back but we decided this is more of a hang out in the lounge and order a few drinks and food items from the apps list, not so much a romantic dinner type place.
4	Food was good, not great.   We tried 4 appetizers and a few meals.   All were again good, but just lacked something.   Staff however was very personable and great to deal with.
5	Came in for my birthday and was so surprised by the amazing service and incredible food! This is definitely a hidden gem. The manager was so amazing, he got us free birthday shots and the gourmet food was so underpriced (good for everyone) because the sparklings food is incredible!!!!! Everyone must come here!
4	I was contacted by the management and they were very gracious with the way it was handled. Thank you to Andy for reaching out to me and changing my mind. I will be coming back in to enjoy the spectacular food that Sparklings always has to offer.
5	Thanks for perfect service tonight and the wonderful staff here at Sparklings. Clayton and Andy were so attentive and the food was spectacular! We'll be coming here again and again for sure. Come for the happy hour too!
5	Love the ambiance!!! Same owners of oyshi and soyo. Andy the manager took good care of us. So great to find a new spot that's different. The crispy gnocchi was the bomb!!! I had the seafood pasta. Everything was great and reasonably priced. Our server wasn't really attentive and rarely checked on us but good thing Andy filled in for him. Well Def come back. Great First Date Spot lol
5	Beautiful place! We had set up a big party of about 30 for my soon to be brother in law to propose to my sister. Andy and the staff were all very helpful. Everything went well. Everyone had fun. And the food was good! 5 stars!
5	My new go-to place for Happy Hour drinks! Very affordable especially for my Midori Sour!! I ordered the Tuna Tartare, Pork&Beef Sliders, Jambalaya, and the Ribeye in medium. Very delicious and fresh! Despite it being Happy Hour we were escorted to a nice Vip-looking table that had curtains for privacy-- not bad since it was only in the afternoon!! Our bartender/waiter was very accommodating and he looks like a taller, cleanly shaven version of Iron Man lol! Also, it was a nice touch when their chef personally served our main dishes and told me good luck on eating my steak thinking I couldn't finish it... But I did! Overall, the barstaurant gave off a fancy schmancy dining experience but for an affordable price.
5	Have been driving by this place for a while and it has always peaked my interest. My girlfriend and I finally stopped by and loved it. Son was able to get chicken tenders and fries which I also enjoyed. We started with a couple appetizers. The grape, arugula, and ricotta flatbread which was amazing. A lot of great menu selections and I decided to try the chicken parmigiana while my girlfriend opted for the spaghetti with mushroom and bacon cream sauce. Food was super flavorful. A lot of other menu items we can't wait to try. Definitely recommend this hidden gem.
5	My boyfriend & I tried this place for the first time after driving by it so many times! We live around the corner & decided to meet friends from out of town. I got the spaghetti with mushroom & bacon cream sauce, my boyfriend got the chicken parmigiana & our son got chicken fingers with fries.. I love that they had a kids menu as well! Everything was delicious & we will def go back soon to try more of the appetizers & dinner options! Tyler was our waiter & he was def a great server to add to our delightful dinner!
4	Beautiful restaurant ! Great for birthdays , gatherings , dates , or just a quiet evening out. Open and spacious with intimate decor . Food is good and price is very reasonable. Our server was very nice . He explained the menu and recommended a few good dishes . I'm definitely coming back .
5	My husband and I have driven by this place countless times and never gave it a shot. We went to a bday dinner here the other night and our minds were completely blown! We ordered a bunch of appetizers and they all were great, the grilled wings were exceptionally delicious, the bacon wrapped date stuffed meatballs were perfect, our friend's father said his philly cheese steak was the best he'd ever had (and he's always on the hunt). We went back for lunch today and it was amazing, we sat on the patio, which was beautiful, and we ordered the wings again (our 3yr old loved them), the portobello fries, meatballs, calamari salad (delicious!) And this awesome turkey, brie, cranberry sandwich that was to die for! Not one thing has disappointed us and the service today was on point. This is my new favorite place to hang and eat! I believe they are kid friendly until late night. They had boosters and highchairs. Their beer and cocktail list is decent as well. Check this place out, it won't disappoint!
5	We went on a Thursday night since it's a restaurant we drive by all the time.  The interior is cute with a large chandelier in the middle and tables with comfy chairs all around.  A bar is on the other side of the restaurant and there were two big screen tvs.The host greeted us and let us choose our table.  He was very attentive to us and a few other groups he was waiting on.We got our menus and glasses of ice water and perused our menus.  We ordered a few appetizers; Parmesan Truffle fries and the Crispy Gnochhi.  My boyfriend ordered the Jambalaya and I ordered the braised short ribs.The appetizers were yummy.  The gnocchi was really flavorful and the fries were crisp and topped with tons of Parmesan.My boyfriend liked his Jambalaya, but it was a little salty.  My braised ribs were so tender the meat fell off the bones.  And the sauce was fantastic!The food and service was excellent.  The best part is they are located not far from our house, so we will definitely go again!
4	We drove around for about an hour trying to decide what new restaurant we would try today. After dismissing quite a few, we saw Sparklings on Yelp. So glad we chose to stop in for lunch. Clayton and Johnny greated us at the door with smiles, seated us at our choice of tables and left us to peruse the menu. It's a concise menu with a great choice in appetizers!  The decor is plush but inviting.  Now to the food!!! Good stuff! We both chose pasta meals and liked our meals. Great wine selection and plenty of beers plus a full bar! We'll have to try desert next time.
5	I love it here. Food was so yummy and the service was awesome! The waiters were very attentive and sweet (: also one cannot forget about the decor! Amazing ambience and decor, so many sections to sit in. They had separate rooms and an open dining room.
5	Wow! First visit was great so we had friends in from Oklahoma and decided to take them to a late lunch. I ordered the salmon entree and it was Amazing!!!! My husband went for pasta again but opted for the bacon cream sauce spaghetti this time. He loved every bite! Our friends ordered a chicken rice au gratin and a turkey cranberry sandwich!  The loved their choices as well and are lamenting the fact they can't eat here all the time. They even asked if we'd bring them here for every mesl until they leave! Thanks again Clayton for great service. Thank you kitchen staff and the chef for delivering such great food!
5	The SW needs more places like The Sparklings. Went with a friend on a Monday afternoon. Super quiet inside, a group of girls in the corner had just finished another bottle of Prosecco. There honestly isn't a single bad seat in the entire restaurant. We kept things simple with lunch with the club sandwich that was massive, had a couple of beers and the crispy gnocchi which was recommended by the waiter. All was super Delish and lucky me, I live a block away. Will definitely be coming back. Also- love that the bar/gaming area is seperate to the restaurant.
3	"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what SPARKLES within us" - Ralph Waldo Emerson (Paraphrased) The Sparklings boasts a unique and aesthetically pleasing interior, complete with a large chandelier that sparkles like a cheesy vampire in the sun. As others have noted, this interior is delightful, but also is one of the better things they have going. If the owners (also see Soyo and Oyshi) were hoping that The Sparklings would be the crown jewel to their south Rainbow eateries, they severely missed the mark here. The food looks great on the menu but doesn't shine in execution.  If you find yourself sitting in The Sparklings and want to make the most of it try the Brown Butter Gnocchi or one of their seafood based pastas (Note: the Spicy Seafood Pasta was not very spicy.) You could also go with the Rice Au Gratin with Chicken or the Grapes Basil and Ricotta Flat Bread.  Then again, you could also go down the street 2,000 feet to Soyo for better food sans the delightful ambiance. It's not that the food is generally bad; it is simply average and not special in any way.  Happy Hour looks like the way to go as well if you're planning on coming in.Do come here with a large group of people that don't appreciate elevated food. The setting would be wonderful for a group outing, adult birthday, or the like.
3	The ambiance and decor is STUNNING!! Reminds me of southern country chic. You could definitely host a large dinner party here. This is more like 3.5 stars because the food was just ok. I ordered the scallops appetizer and the bruschetta appetizer based on other reviews on yelp. The size of the scallop itself were so tiny!! Did not look like any of the pics on yelp. The crispy rice was way too hard so I just ate the scallops. The flavor and preparation was good though. The bruschetta was the best thing I tried although it was not memorable and something I probably won't crave for in the future. Also had the truffle fries and that was good too but nothing special. My friends had sandwiches which looked better than what I had. They both loved their meals. So maybe I will go back to try other dishes/apps and give an updated review.Other than that prices are decent and decor and ambiance is amazing!
4	My boyfriend and I went to The Sparklings tonight for dinner. We ordered the gnocchi and the caprese salad as our appetizer, delicious. I ordered the Jambalaya and he ordered the Ribs which were a special for the day. They were both nice and tasty. Our waiter Tyler was a doll. We were celebrating my bf birthday and they treated us to a free dessert. We are definitely making this our once a month date night place. Love love love the sparklings!!
2	Honestly, I'm very surprised at how disappointing my experience was. We showed up around 6 on a weeknight and the place was pretty empty. Strangely, we weren't greeted by anyone when we came in, and we weren't sure if that meant we were supposed to wait or seat ourselves, so we waited and felt awkward about it. After about a minute and a half, one of the servers came out and noticed us standing there so he refilled someone's water and then showed us to our table.The service was fine, no real complaints there. We ordered the Grapes, Arugula, and Ricotta Flatbread for the appetizer. For the entrees we ordered the Shrimp Po' Boy and the Chicken Parmigiana. The flatbread had great flavors, but it was seriously unwieldy. I admit that I can, at times, be coordinationally-challenged... but in my defense this was a piece of flatbread that had grapes and candied walnuts sitting on it, with no sharp knife to cut it into pieces. We ended up with a lot of sticky balsamic glaze on our hands, and I personally got a couple of grapes and walnuts in my lap and on the floor. So that was fun. Her Shrimp Po' Boy sandwich was good. Though in my opinion the small garnish salad on the side was a little measly looking. My Chicken Parmigiana was kind of crazy. The chicken itself was this massive flattened piece of chicken that covered almost the entire plate. I have never seen a piece of chicken like this, I wish I had taken a picture. Anyway, it was breaded and fried, and then set on top of a pile of watery, bland spaghetti. And I mean watery as in, when I tipped the bowl, about a quarter cup of water came forth. That was the water that hadn't already absorbed into the bottom of the chicken breading. It was soggy and strange and disappointing. The flavor of the chicken and breading was good, but I couldn't get over the sog factor. The pasta was unappetizing and I couldn't really eat much of it. The cocktails were nothing to write home about, especially for the price. I got something with "fresh" blueberries in it... and dared to eat one of them. It had no flavor, other than the taste of (possibly) freezer burn.. and the mealy texture that fruit sometimes gets. It was very gross.The last thing I feel like mentioning just for the sake of being a complainer is that they were playing a collection of popular songs covered by someone on piano/violin. This included Sweet Child O' Mine by Guns N' Roses, and Unforgiven (I think?) by Metallica. Though there were no vocals in the recording, that didn't stop the guy at the table next to us from rocking out with his best Axl Rose impression. It made for an interesting ambiance, but it wasn't quite my cup o' tea.Bottom line, I won't be back, and I won't be recommending it to anyone. I'm not much of a Yelp reviewer but this place has such amazing ratings I was left feeling confused by my experience and thought I should chime in.
4	First time I saw this place on yelp, I though wow this place has some great ratings. I've been here twice and I can say this place lived up to the hype. The prices on the menu are reasonable and actually on the lower side. I enjoyed the zucchini sticks and also the pulled pork sliders. I had a glass of scotch on the rocks during happy our and it was only around 6bux. The place can get a little awkward because it's just way to quiet. The lighting is a little bright. Make sure that you let your waiter know your gonna be splitting checks because the waiters don't really expect to do it. If your in a large groups make sure to let them know in advance. Other than that, great place for an odd location.
4	We came here based on yelp reviews and being that its close to the house!I went here with my sister in law.We brought our own bottle of wine, but the corkage is a little excessive at $30 so we ended up buying a bottle there for that same price.Started with the scallops and my oh my they were delightful!!!! omg so effing good..we were excited about our entrees.we both got the salmon and subbed the rice for mashed potatoes. So good!!The only thing I have to say about the place and we did end up talking to the manager about this so I do hope they take it into consideration....(reason for the missing star)The inside with the chandelier is as bright as the sun! not romanic at all.Music was very low and could hear the clanking of the silverware around as everyone is eating...and the low mumbling of conversations.Ambience is so so important...and being that it's a big room...the lights need to be dimmed and music louder.period.otherwise it can be really awkward.I dont care if people complain the lights are too dim and they can't read the menu...get your cellphone out and read it that way.I would feel so awkward going on a date here with the brightness of the restaurant.It's funny because the sign outside is so dim too...it needs to be switched around!OK in summary it's a beautiful place and the food was delightful would recommend going!....just take the lights down a notch! EASY FIX.We will be back!Oh yea and service was excellent!
3	Great meal and very attentive service.  Menu seemed a little too all over the place.  The reason for the three stars really is the distance of the place, it's a $40 cab ride from the strip.  If you don't mind, worth the visit.
5	This place is my go to whenever I need a place to eat or drink. When it comes to having visitors, needing to celebrate, happy hours, or just cause this is the place to go. Food and drinks are amazing as well as the service. It's rare to have all those things come together in one location! LOVE this place!
4	We had the bacon wrapped meatballs, portabella french fries, and club sandwich. We would rate all items a 4 out of 5...and our waiter was great. We Came based off the Yelp review and we agree with the overall rating of this restaurant.
5	Great food, weird lighting. Servers were friendly. Good place to take a date for 5 star food at a great price point.
5	What a gorgeous find on the SW side of town!My young daughter and I decided to try this place on a whim for dinner and loved it. The decor is very swanky, you will fall in love with the larger than life crystal chandelier hanging in the center of this beautiful dining room. You will adore the classy service. It has a quiet ambiance. The menu is fresh and interesting (in a good way), they do a great job of pairing drinks with menu items. They treated my daughter very well, she had the biggest smile on her face interacting with our waiter like a "grown up". That kindness and personal attention meant a lot to us. This would be a great venue for a family dinner, and very impressive for a special occasion. Highly recommend!
5	Although this is not a gourmet restaurant, everything they served was a well-prepared and savory example of the item. We started with appetizers of meatballs wrapped in bacon and crunchy gnocchi, both delicious and unique. For entrees there was spaghetti with bacon served with chicken, a Philly cheesesteak sandwich and brie with turkey, again spot-on and flavorful. The location interior was a bit quirky, but in a compelling way-a cross between factory loft and grand ballroom. You'll see what I mean when you go inside. Server was attentive and friendly, owner came by to see about our experience, this restaurant is worth a try!
4	The only thing stopping this place from being 5-star is the hideous looping elevator music soundtrack.Sump-sump-sump. Wah-wah-wah-wah....Moving on!Food is spectacular, Service is awesome, the drink menu looked good, so did deserts. Price was fairly decent and they were serving late.The bathroom is beautiful inside.It's also a restaurant, and the booths can have the curtains drawn to make it all private. This is the kind of place where jeans and a t are somewhat out of place.The whole vibe is upscale and beautiful, like the Cosmo.
3	The Sparklings has a pretty high-end ambience for a restaurant in a strip mall. Lovely decor and the friendly staff are the highlights of this place. They offer some creative appetizers like bacon & dates wrapped meatballs and the crispy gnocchi. The name is a bit misleading because the gnocchi itself isn't crispy, but the dish is still good. The braised short rib came highly recommended but I found it way too salty. The flourless chocolate was surprisingly my favorite item to try. Most of the appetizers and entrees don't really spur any excitement for me but overall, The Sparklings is a nice place to spend happy hour or a quiet date night without breaking the bank.
5	We first went to this place earlier in the year, when it opened, and we loved it. I typically always get the steak salad, but have tried various other appetizers/entrees/desserts and they have all been so tasty!I absolutely LOVE the decor in this restaurant as well as their outdoor space... so much so, that when my fiance and I were stressed out from trying to plan our wedding, we decided to have the restaurant host our reception! We worked with Andy and created a wonderful menu and experience for our wedding guests. He was very patient and understanding and just wanted to make sure we were happy. On the day of the reception, he was there for the majority of the time and made sure everything went smoothly. I really could not have had a better experience with Andy and his staff. Although I was nervous at first, since it's not a traditional wedding reception spot, I was pleasantly surprised and elated at the professionalism of everyone involved. Since it's still relatively new, I'd say about 99% of our guests had never been there and most of them raved to us about how good the food was, so I hope that they return on their own and continue keeping this place in business!The cost for the reception was VERY reasonable and not inflated by the wedding industry. If it can handle a wedding reception, I would definitely recommend this restaurant for any private event.
4	The Sparklings has some fantastic items in the appetizer section. 2 to 3 appetizers plus 1 entree would be perfect for two. Pricing doesn't look bad.On our first visit, we ordered following three items. All good, I would have rated 5 stars for that visit.- Seared Diver Scallops - served with crispy rice cakes and lemony beurre blanc $7.5 (5/5)- Grapes and Arugula Flat Bread - candied walnuts, ricotta & balsamic vinaigrette $9 (4/5)- Spicy Seafood Pasta - Spaghetti with shrimp, scallop, mussel, squid in house spicy light tomato sauce $15 (4.5/5)On our second visit today, we ordered following five items. Hits and misses - mixed result. Not perfect, but less than $50 bill for 5 items is impressive.- Crispy Gnocchi - creamy pesto, Italian sausage, peas and crushed candied walnuts $7.5 (4/5)- Crab & Spinach Dip - grilled and fried pita bread $8 (3.5/5)- Lobster Bisque - served with wonton crisps and green onions, sour cream optional $9 (2.5/5)- Steak Salad - petite filet, spinach, red onion, feta cheese, apple and white vinaigrette $10 (3/5)- Shrimp Po Boy Sandwich - shrimp tempura, remoulade, lettuce and tomato $8.5 (3/5)
2	Beautiful venue, nothing amazing from the menus and service was so-so. Tried the meatballs which were a rave and I wasn't too fond. Everything was very average and the presentation was low key. Prices didn't reflect what the venue lacked. There are better places that deserve the rating this place has that are way better!
4	A girlfriend and I tried this place for the first time together based upon recommendation. The ambience was nice and the furniture choice was good. I will say that this place is painfully quiet and the music is kind of odd. Definitely set some tones to our conversations. Get two girls in there and cocktails..well kinda makes us look bad. With that being said our waiter Tyler was very cute and nice. He was patient, service was great and put up with my jokes. The food was good..I don't know if I ordered the right things though. Calamari, sweet potatoes fries, and the pesto pasta. Fries were...fries but the sauces were good. Calamari...calamari. The pastas was good just very heavy. We also ordered some cocktails which were great. Anywhere with copper MM cups have won me over. All and all I think this place was good...change up the music and I think it will be even better!
5	Such a great place! Had my birthday dinner here and was so pleasantly surprised by everything! Yummy food (lots of great seafood choices) and we had an awesome server - Jason is awesome! Totally made the night special! The atmosphere is relaxing and just all around wonderful. Will for sure be back!!
4	food was so/so but the location and the drinks were awesome!!
4	Delicious would be the most apt word to describe food at the "The Sparklings". We tried a bunch of appetizers and all of them were good. I would highly recommend the Crispy Gnocchi and Flatbread smeared with ricotta cheese.  The place has a very inviting and pleasing interior and the service is top notch. Also, "The Sparklings" is one of the few places that servers the Moscow Mule in a copper tumbler.  I would highly recommend the "The Sparklings".
4	What a diamond in the rough. You would not suspect the beauty of this dining room from the exterior. The velvet chairs, beautiful chandelier, and swanky atmosphere are lovely. The service was excellent. We got everything we needed without missing a beat. This was impressive with 3 toddlers in the group. Aside from a lovely room and great service, the food delightful and quite a value! Hubby and I shared clam chowder, scallops with crispy rice cakes and lemon buerre blanc, linguini and clams, and crispy gnocchi. We also got a side of fries and a beer. All for under $50! The gnocchi was creamy and delicious. A healthy portion for the $9 price. The scallops were good but nothing special. The sauce lacked the citrusy zing I was hoping for. Chowder was good with light airy crispy bread to dip. Linguini and clams was a winner. Flavorful and al dente. There was so much more I wanted to try! We will definitely go back. This would be a great place to entertain guests. Impressive and affordable.
4	1-6-15 My first visit.   I had a doctor's appointment nearby so I dropped in about 4:30PM.    First impression from outside..uh... mediocre.  Looks like any ol' bar.The inside is entirely different.  It's just pretty.  Because of the time I went, it was nearly vacant so I headed to the bar to eat.I wasn't sure what I wanted but I received menu, water, utensils, napkins, etc quickly and plenty of time to examine the menu, wine selection, beer selection etc and ask questions.  The server/bartender seemed genuinely nice as did what seemed to be a "regular" on the opposite side of the bar so we had a pleasant conversation before and during my meal.I ordered the Lobster Bisque and Scallops with rice cakes.  The Lobster Bisque was good and as a friend told me, it was hot.  (We both have the pet peeve of "warm" food.)  It was moderately priced so I didn't expect or receive chunks of lobster but flavor was good... I would have loved just a drizzle of brandy on top... but not everyone likes it that way.I really enjoyed the scallops.  It took me a while and and an explanation to figure out the "rice cakes" part.  The long, narrow dish contained a perfectly cooked scallop, then a rice cake, then a scallop, etc.  The rice cakes were actually similar to risotto balls.  The change in textures and flavors was a surprise but I liked it.  Seriously though, I haven't had such a perfectly cooked scallop in forever.  Good sear on outside that gave it a slightly smoked flavor and just barely, barely done.  I agree with other reviewers that highest mark goes for ambiance.  Given it was nearly empty because of the hour and slow period after the holidays, I really want to check it out on a Friday or Saturday evening and see if they can keep up the friendly genuine service, quick service, and good food.The menu was pretty big so I would expect some things to be not so good.  One patron recommended the fried gnocchi... but that seemed sacrilegious to me (and higher probability of being less than stellar)I'm going to take a WAG and say the reviews about not so great food have to do with the larger than average menu.  Yes, I watch way too many cooking channel shows!!None the less, I'm going back.  It's a beautiful restaurant and there's plenty of potentially delightful things on the menu so if they can execute consistently, it could new fav for me.
