5	I went to Vargas while I was in Montreal for a conference. What a fun sushi experience to have with a few friends.Two words. Pizza. Sushi. You may think that putting them together sounds gross, but consider that the crust is tempura batter, a mixture of different kinds of fish mixed with spicy sauce, and tobiko on top. It was delicious, and extremely unique.Everything else was high quality. If I ever find myself back in Montreal I will make a point of going to Vargas again!
2	+ two stars for the sheer size and beauty of the space.- three stars for nearly rude service and overcooked steaks.Dodged into Vargas during a sudden downpour on a Monday night after work for a quick drink. The bar was already full so sitting at a table was the only option. The server asked at least 4 times if food was going to be ordered. Finally we gave in and ordered since the rain wasn't letting up. Food was overcooked, staff bad mouthed each other in clear earshot of customers, bathrooms were cluttered with extra dining room chairs. You get the feeling this place used to be something special but now it's just big and can't remember what it's like to be someone's favorite restaurant. Sad.
3	I ate in the bar one night where there is a full menu. The food is OK, but a tad pricey for the quality. The staff was pretty nice and the dessert was scrumptuous.
3	My wonderful personal Yelp guide to Montreal, Mister O., and I met to try out Vargas on a cool evening last week--perfect weather for a carnivorous foray into one of the city's premiere steakhouses.We arrived a bit early for our reservation, so decided to indulge in a drink at the bar. All beautifully polished wood, the bar (and restaurant itself) was quite large and the bartender, friendly. Unfortunately, she seemed not to be terribly familiar with how to prepare his martini or my lemondrop martini, which came out a bit frothy and not nearly citrusy enough for my taste. Still, my companion and I enjoyed sitting at the bar, chatting about hockey, and stealing glances at the NHL game on the bar TV.When we were ready to be seated, we were led through the grand dining room to a table near the window. As I read through the menu, I realized there wasn't any sushi. I know, not odd for a steakhouse--except for one that touts having a sushi chef, as I'd read about Vargas in several places. In fact, the only sushi I saw was a roll on the appetizer menu.Regardless, I was more than happy enough to stick with steak. After deliberating between the rack of lamb and rib steak, we decided to order both and share, with me selecting the Montreal-spiced rib eye. Both entrees came with a choice of potato (baked, twice baked, fries, Yukon gold mashed) or seasonal vegetables. Mr. O. went with the vegetables and a side order of fries, while I got the twice-baked potato.We both started with a Caesar salad, which was surprisingly large for a side salad. The dressing was creamy and cheesy, and quite delicious. When the steak arrived, it seemed to overwhelm the plate, and the twice-baked potato was nearly obliterated by its 17 oz. heft. I had ordered it medium-rare, and to my taste it could have been a bit more rare. As I took my first bite, the Montreal spice (seasoned salt, pepper, various herbs, mustard seeds) hit my tastebuds--a little salty but very good. The shiraz we'd ordered was perfect with the steak, as it was able to hold its own against the spices.Service was always attentive, but rather amusing. The waiter, for whom English was not his first language though he spoke it impeccably, had a catch-all phrase that he used throughout the meal, "The worst is over." When I placed my order, he said, "The worst is over," and again when he poured my wine, and at various other points of the meal. I had to ask Mr. O. if this was a Canadian phrase and he said it wasn't. But it was charming and funny.In all, the evening and meal were very pleasant. For Vargas, I give 3 stars. The minuses were the bad martinis and slightly overcooked steak. The flavor of the steak was a definite plus.If I were reviewing the company alone, I would give 5 stars to the experience of dining with Mister O.--a true raconteur and superb guide to Montreal, without whom I would have missed a lot of wonderful food. Merci!
4	Rivals some of the better LA sushi establishments - and they serve steak! Prices were reasonable and the selection for both sushi and entrees was great. My only gripe was that they did not offer more sake choices - only two kinds are on the menu and neither are unfiltered (the most flavorful IMO). Great service - but we went on a Sunday night and it wasn't at all busy - a pleasant surprise considering how many great reviews the place has. Excellent.One last note - the food - quality & portion - sushi pieces are bite sized (like authentic japanese sushi should be) so if you're expecting huge pieces of fish you'll want to go elsewhere - and the wife raved about her steak, which was cooked perfectly. You will not be disappointed!
3	I can only give it three stars because I had the filet Mignon and it was okay nothing special however my friend had the tuna with lobster mash potatos and it was awesome.
1	Went here for Valentine's day a couple years ago with the BF and it was just okay. Paid a pretty penny for some not-so-awesome food, including a completely raw rib-eye that came to the table despite the clear "medium-rare" order specification. The thing was not browned AT ALL and actually had blood pooled atop the steak. A little weird that it managed to leave the kitchen, especially since this was NOT the request. Is this place really a steakhouse?I had roasted duck atop a bed of homemade pappardelle tossed in braising liquid. It was heavy, monochromatic and oversalted. Gross.Service was inattentive.
5	In Montreal for a Bachelor party and walking away from the Hell that is the Time Supper Club. Devastated that our fabulous weekend had just been completely ruined in the span of 30 minutes, we trudged dejectedly back to our hotel. We had thrown in the towel, we were done, we were ready to go to bed, to end our weekend right then. However God was smiling down on us this night. As we walked my dad glanced to his left and noticed Vargas. "Hey guys I read this morning that, that place is a pretty good steakhouse". Having not eaten we decided to give it a shot, what did we have to loose? Walking up to the door we could smell the steak in the air. Pulling the door a wonderful sound washed over us, after the godawful pounding Techno music at Time SC, could it really be? ... it was Old Blue Eyes crooning from the speakers. Never before or since have I been happier to hear Sinatra. Looking at my best friends I simply muttered "I think we're gonna be OK here." I didn't know at that moment but I've never been more right. We were seated almost immediately, moments later we had bottles of wine of the table. We ordered appetizers, the calamari & the stuffed portabella mushrooms, absolutely fabulous! Now for the main course, Porterhouse, all around. Outside of Peter Luger's it was the best steak I've ever had. Barclay Prime, Del Frisco's, Ruths Chris, Morton's, The Palm, they can all take a back seat to this steak from Vargas. Perfectly seasoned with a Montreal Style steak spice. It had been grilled to a perfect medium. I savoured every bite. I probably would've eaten the plate. It was that good. In conclusion Vargas single handedly saved one of the greatest weekends we've ever had together from ending on a terrible note. If that's not worth 5 stars then nothing is. In fact I give it 6.
2	Completely average
4	Love the food , they have some unique dishes and always something interesting for the special of the day. The roasted prime beef is simply incredible!!!!
2	Despite the mixed reviews on here, we tried this place for dinner one night because it's close to the train station.  I had a hockey game later that night, and sushi, strangely enough, is a pretty safe bet.It was a pretty middle of the road experience.  We were there very early for dinner, and had to wait about 3 minutes before anyone noticed us at the door.  We tried all of the slightly-subtle ways of getting them to notice us (talking loudly, looking around expectantly, mentioning food, etc.), and finally it worked.  The service remained lackluster through the meal, which was rather inexcusable given the fact that no one else was there.The bread they gave us and salad my mother ordered weren't very impressive.  The butter was hard as a rock.  The sushi, on the other hand, was good.  It was fresh and served nicely.  When I asked for extra ginger, the waiter took me VERY seriously, which I really appreciated.  His shining moment was when he brought me a second bowl of it (I know, it's gross, but that stuff is delicious).  All in, not an experience I would repeat given how many good restaurants there are.
1	"Bar Food with an Upscale Wrapper". Food was subpar for the price. The wine service was absolutely appalling- waiter brought a second bottle of wine for the group (5 of us), poured for a taste, then poured the remainder of the glass into first glass. Did not serve the females first either. There are so many great food destinations in Montreal that this place should be avoided at all costs.
1	The service was really terrible...we had to ask a few times for a few things. The restaurant look like it's suppose to be some sort of old club. You really have the awkward feeling if sitting in the middle of a dance floor. Chairs are pilled up in the hallway leading to the washroom. The food was not at all worth the price. It was passable at best. I took the balsamic chicken dish. My chicken was overcooked and the balsamic was definitely too present in the dish. I have to say the only star i give to this place was for presentation of the food. The worst part of all, was one of the kitchen staff was in the washroom, and did not at all wash his hands after he was done. I did not see him handling the food directly, but saw him walk in the kitchen.
3	Environment is pleasant and rather typical of any western restaurant in the city. Rather conducive for business lunches. Service was brisk but the waiter who served us was unsmiling and a bit on the brusque side... can't say we felt most welcomed. Duck confit was delicious though.
1	I've always believed that if you didn't have anything nice to say then you should keep quiet but alas my recent dining experience at Vargas has compelled me to come forward.  Even though the world may end on Dec 21, 2012 (which I don't think it will), I feel I must warn my fellow foodies to avoid this place at all costs.  If I can keep one person from eating at Vargas I will die a happy man :)My dining experience started with average expectations upon entering.  We were greeted by a friendly hostess and seated immediately (I made reservations).  From there the dining experience went down hill.  I was not particularly happy with the overall decor, it reminded me of being in a large dance hall and I felt like I was eating on the dance floor.Our waiter was this old man who had absolutely no idea how to engage customers.  It took 15 minutes for him to take drink orders and after 30 minutes I reminded him that we did not get any bread yet.  I saw other people coming in and getting bread and drink orders long before us.  When he did take our orders he was extremely unhelpful and rude when we had questions about the menu.After placing our orders my friend went to the washroom at which point he saw one of the kitchen staff use the urinal and then walk out without washing his hands.  We did confirm that he was somewhere on the cooking line because you can see them preparing your food.  At that point I should have left but we stayed.  My steak was ok but nothing extraordinary and definitely not worth the $40 they charge.  My meal came to $75 (no tip left) and it still upsets me that I spent that much on this place.I would like to reiterate the main theme from many of the other reviews of this restaurant: the food is way overpriced for what  you get and really isn't that great.  I did mention to the manager about seeing this staff member not washing his hands and I felt like he brushed it off.  Rest assured as long as there is a breath of life in this body I will never be going here again.BOTTOM LINE: Avoid this restaurant at all costs.  There are so many great dining experiences in Montreal and this is not one of them.
4	Sushi was surprisingly better than I had expected. My cousins got the steak with Mac and cheese that was to die for! Really good wine list and excellent service!
3	Steak, seafood, appetizers tasted amazing. Really good wine selection and excellent service.
5	Try the lost paradise if you like seafood - fantastic!!! Loved it :) never had anything like it..some kind of sushi fusion I think. also had some chocolate lava cake thing with chocolate ice cream - amazing!! Staff were also excellent.
1	I was recommended to Vargas by the Keg who was too full. Just looking for a decent meal after a long day at work. Atmosphere was nice, I sat in the bar area. It went down hill from there. At the recommendation of the waitress I ordered the prime rib with steamed veg and salad. I asked her if it was med rare and she confirmed that it should not be a problem. Out came a plate with a med well cut of prime rib. I figured if it was good, it wasn't a big deal it wasn't med rare. I took one bite and it was just warm and not good at all. I asked for some horse radish thinking it might help and it came but was out of a jar and not fresh at all ie not hot. I was too tired and hungry to send back so I focused on the veg and salad which we're acceptable. I ate half the prime rib. I think the cost d the prime rib was around $30 which is a big disappointment. Why would try serve this terrible piece of meat ie I would have preferred her to tell me there was no med rare available and I would have picked something else. What was also very disappointing was it not hot as well. I also found it surprising the waitress didn't ask a thing when she picked up my half eaten prime rib. Any decent server would have noticed right away and asked if something was wrong and possibly even comp the meal. Anyway I paid and left and will never return. How places like this stay in business is beyond me.
3	Been here twice now, sat at the bar both times. Last night was the NBA Finals. Last time was the Canadiens. Both bartendresses were very nice. Had sushi both times, surprisingly good. The apple crumble was also good. Not the cheapest place, not the most expensive. With all the madness going on because of Grand Prix events, it was a nice quiet place to get away.
2	Nothing special.  Won't come back.  Came for a bachelor party.  Place was empty on a Saturday night.  I don't even remember what I ate - I think some sort of beef.
1	We were treated ridiculously poorly by the manager of this place.  We travelled 14 hours by train from New York and arrived in Montreal at ten at night.  We want online to find a place open to  eat.  Their online reservation said they were open until 11, and we made a  10:45 reservation.  We took a cab and arrived at 10:30.  The manager told us they had just closed the kitchen and would not honor our reservation.  He was very rude, unapologetic, and could care less that we had a reservation.  We have never been to Montreal before and this guy definitely made us feel like Montreal is not a friendly place.  If the owner reads this, I highly recommend firing your manager and replacing him with a decent human being.
1	Restaurants should be in the business of serving tasty food and treating people in a welcoming fashion.  This place is a total zero on all fronts.  When arriving for our reservation, the host was rude and condescending.  I asked to speak with the manager and was given the reply "I am the manager".  Despite the fact that we had a reservation, we were told that it was slow and they decided to close the kitchen early.  When I asked "what about the reservation that I had booked", I was told simply "I can't help you".  My companion was with me during all this and it was ABSOLUTELY HUMILIATING!An institution like this has no business being in business.  If you are looking  for a pleasant place to spend your hard earned money GO ELSEWHERE.
