3	The usual McDonald's food and prices with fast and friendly service. Go here in the morning for coffee rather than the nearby Starbucks and it's faster and cheaper. $1 for a hot coffee or around $2 for an iced coffee. This leaves you with a few more $ in your pocket you can lose, er, use at the casino.
3	Much lower than the competition.   Friendly customer service.We had the sweet chili chicken wrap for $3.99 (without the meal) and 2 apple pies which were on sale for $1.This is the best option at this food court.  Everything else is so overpriced.
2	I came at 2:30am after the club- and no I wasn't drunk. I got excited seeing they had breakfast items on their menu "til 4". When I went to order, the cashier lady RUDELY told me they didn't have breakfast. I pointed to the menu that clearly read "til 4" and she RUDELY said it was a generic menu and they were not a participating location. This is unacceptable. Getting so many people's hopes up that they can order McDonalds breakfast in the middle of the night. It took a long time to receive my small meal. When I got it I asked for certain dipping sauces and the lady RUDELY answered they were out of every one I asked for. I asked for ketchup she told me to go down in front of Nathan's to get ketchup. But right before I saw her give a man ketchup packets. I get to the ketchup stand and there's no "to go cups". I saw a girl w to go cups and she said the lady at McDonald's gave them to her. I was completely outraged and irritated w mcdonalds. I understand employees deal with a lot of drunk people but that's doesn't allow room for rude customer service behaviors to paying customers. They got 2 stars bc the food was good.
4	As others have said, this is a very reasonable choice to get a light snack or cheap meal without feeling gouged.   Great place to be able to save enough $$$ to be able to save up for a nice meal at one of the fine restaurants inside MGM.  Other choices in the food court would almost costing you as much as just walking over to Monte Carlo and getting the brunch buffet there.The prices are just slightly higher than normal McDonalds you would find outside of the strip.     They have a 20 piece Chicken McNuggets for only $6  (normally $4.99 at other McDonalds).The dollar menu is pared down - but you still get a chicken sandwich for $1.  The best deal, as stated by P.T., is the 2 apple pies for $1 -- this is the exact same price you would pay at any normal McDonalds and is great for a light snack should you become very hungry and your dinner reservation is still hours away at any of the restaurants there.
4	I haven't eaten at a McDonald's in a zillion years, but this morning upon exiting Hakkasan at 4:40am McDonald's looked like a mirage in barren desert. They were serving breakfast so I ordered an egg mcmuffin (no sausage) and hash browns. OMG! Yumm. The service was fast and friendly. I felt sorry for the guy at the register as person after person, including myself, came up and ordered a lunch item and he had to explain it was breakfast only at this time. Well, he did so, very patiently. Kudos for being at work at that hour and having an awesome attitude! Note the only people in line at that time of the morning have been partying all night in the club and, like myself at the time, are a bit delirious and be all appreciated his patience with us.DOS 8/29/214
