5	I have been looking to get back into Martial Arts for some time and I had been doing quite a bit of research. I wanted something that was traditional and still effective. I found what I was looking for in Wing Chun and the next step was to find a gym in Phoenix. I was happy to find that there was a Wing Chun school that was centrally located. I went in for my trial week and was extremely satisfied with what I found. Sifu Nick was great and eager to share his knowledge. I am excited that I found exactly what I was looking for and will be spending a lot of time here in the near future. I would recommend this school for anyone that is looking to learn an effective martial art that is fun and has substance. Don't miss out on this great opportunity to learn a legendary art form in a small group environment. You won't regret it!
5	This kwoon is a real hidden gem and the sifu has a wealth of knowledge.  The practice space has a great feeling to it and everyone there is very friendly.  It is a comfortable relaxed environment but you will be pushed to become a better practitioner and more physically fit.  If you're looking for traditional Ip Man Wing Chun, sifu Edmonds is a great choice.  I've been training with him for several years and he is one of the few people that I've met that seems to really understand Wing Chun.  Not only does he have a good understanding of the martial arts and Wing Chun, but he has a good ability to impart his knowledge to others.  Skills that do not always come together.  Stop by and check it out, I think you'll be happy you did.
5	I have been a student for a few months and I really enjoy the classes, the instructor and the facility. It is centrally located and is perfect for downtowners. I am new to the martial arts world, but this is  not the first school I have checked out. The instruction is great and the instructor goes out of his way to be sure each student gets the attention they need. I would recommend this school to others. I feel like a I get a workout as well as learn Wing Chun. It's perfect for me.
