2	So the one rule about Waffle House - don't order and eat the waffles.Trust me.I played it safe with a ham & cheese omlette, toast and bacon.  My poor friends didn't know any better and found themselves with a case of "the bends" about 2 hours later.Unfortunately, this was also the only place we visited on our entire stay in NC where the folks working there weren't the least bit hospitable.  Could be they were the only restaurant in a sea of travel lodges and they just get sick of making sh!tty waffles and rubber band hash browns for the general public.Shoulda brought some granola bars.
3	Came to this location late at night and was greeted by the friendly staff. Very affordable prices and good food! They even have a dollar menu! I would come back!
4	Not the healthiest thing to eat on the road but it is tasty.  I didn't order a waffle though.  I ordered from their dollar menu (biscuit with sausage, egg whites and cheese)  Not a bad idea.  I asked for egg whites and they obliged.  The coffee was hot and good.  The service was acceptable for 4AM (friendly but not faked) Tables were clean and prices were good.  This one makes the list of a return trip the next time I'm in Charlotte (only after I hit the gym first)  The biscuits are good but very fattening...
4	Service was average. Waitress was nice, but kept forgetting to bring req'd items to the table. Although the place was packed full of people, the temperature of the food was good, food was timely and the price was right. Overall satisfaction.
3	Most of these places are the same. This one was like eating in an ice box or a walk in cooler. The servers were very attentive and our food came out super fast. It was packed with people and more coming in to order food to go. We all went with breakfast options including the hash browns. I will always be impressed with the cooks at these places. The servers just shout out the order, "hash browns smothered, covered, chunked..." I would end up making scrambled eggs all the time.
3	What do you expect from a lower level Denny's in the south?  I was glad I saw this on our way to the hotel while waiting out Hurricane Irene back to NJ.  I passed a busy highway because Domino's was closed by the time we were settled in.  Mind you, I was amp'd because I grew up in the south and had Waffle House available to me unconditionally the whole time.  And during those times I had it available, I never took advantage, EVER.  It seems as though, whenever I ever needed the Waffle House, it was out of desperation and it always welcomed me with open arms.  In this case, desperation was knocking at the door.  Once I got there, I felt I was in a scene of A & E's "The first 48."  Shady characters were lined up ordering and seated.  I ended up ordering two (thin) steaks, burger, and  eggs.  It took an hour to get my order.  By the time I got everything, they were out of plastic forks and knives.  Thankfully I stopped by the gas station on the way back to the hotel to pick up some Krispy Kreme donuts and R.C. colas, the attendant noticed my Waffle House purchase and handed me some forks and knives.  The burger was good and the steaks were super thin.  Great meal for desperate layover-ers.  If that is even a word.  I know it's not, just saying.
3	Its the Waffle house, friendly people and decent food. Food is usually good enough for someone who loves a quick simple breakfast and some mediocre coffee. I can't complain for my most recent tab of $6.44 before tip. It's the Waffle House there is a billion of these things across the South and East for a reason. Just don't go the one in Covington, KY. That one is nasssstyy.... Oh and I have never had a waffle from a Waffle House so couldn't tell you.
3	Hard to slam (that's a Denny's pun, in case you missed it) this Waffle House, located at the top of the Billy Graham Parkway at the I-85 intersection and within shouting distance of a few lower-priced hotels. Same set up and menu as all the others, plenty of grease and carbs on a plate. Service was good, especially as it wasn't too busy in between the breakfast hours and the lunch hours. I have no complaints at all - I like mine covered and chunked please.
3	This was my first time at this location so I'm going to give it 3 stars, though the service was really more of a 2 star rating this time.  The service was quick and polite, but how hard is to understand when somebody orders hash browns scattered all the way.If you're not into waffle house, I can see how you can be confused by the statement. If you work there, you should know scattered all the way does not mean scatter the hash browns till they are flat and cover the entire plate.  After sending it back once, it just came back as ultra scattered with nothing on top.  Not worth sending back again...just grabbed some gravy from a friend and slathered it on top.
2	Waffle House is Waffle House so no detailed review here. Only, this was the worst service I had ever gotten at a WH. I watched the room and it seemed to me that I was not the only one getting bad service. They were not even that busy. Food was good.
4	Went here because I was staying at the airport hotel 1 night. It wasn't ideal that I had to walk in an unknown area late at night, but it was a short walk and I was happy I did. Staff was very friendly, there was good music playing on the juke box and the good was served quickly. I actually thought the bacon, egg & cheese sandwich I had was better than some big time BE&C sandwiches at well know eateries.
4	We walked in to a big hello. Two guys helped with the doors as we had 3 large suitcases. Friendly and great personality of waitresses everyone in a good mood. I had the grilled chicken biscuit.YUM jack had the omelet and the best hashbrowns yet. Great place. Cheap. Good coffee too.
4	I give 4 stars, based on its class of restaurant.  Obviously it's not a fine dining establishment, but everything is good here, for what it's worth.  Good service, good food.
3	When reviewing Waffle Houses you tend to seperate them according to service and cleanliness of restaurants; mainly due to the fact it's hard to screw up Waffle House food.Now down to the review. This Waffle House has very friendly service. Several tables needed to be cleaned once my family and I arrived but they were promptly cleaned shortly after our arrival. The food came out fairly quick and the servers were super friendly to my family and the other patrons that arrived after us. My only problem was this Waffle House floors were fairly dirty and it seemed like the waitress waited for a few tables to pile up with leftovers before actually cleaning them. Other than it's cleanliness, It is a good Waffle House in Columbus to go to.
3	Waffle House never disappoints on breakfast and always delivers on cleanliness.  All Star is the place to be for sure.  Greasy goodness when you are hankering for calories.
4	It's in the ghetto, but if you don't mind people being loud and yelling across the restaurant, this is one of the better Waffle Houses I've been to, and I've been to many throughout the south east. The waitress was very polite and attentive. She never let our glasses get empty. The cook, well, he was in a class all his own. Every item we were served was cooked go absolute perfection. My wife is very particular and makes a lot of special request, who h usually causes at least a few mistakes. I always ask for my waffle cooked light with my all star breakfast, which I rarely get. The cook here hit every mark we set. Given the chance, I would absolutely go back.  The only reason I only gave 4 stars, not 5, is I prefer a quiet atmosphere. This place was loud even for a waffle house, especially since the weren't many people  there.
