3	I have had a few good times in this place but not great.  The worst part is sadly, the stage itself.  Low ceiling & looks very scuffed & dirty.  The whole place is tiny and cramped.  The girls aren't too shabby & although I don't know their names specifically, they do get a lot of guest dancers that are probably fairly big in porn.  There is a full bar with attentive bartenders.
4	It's a small club, but they have some nice looking white girls, in there. I would of gave it, 5 stars, if it was a little bit bigger. It's walking distance from the Pittsburgh Pirates baseball stadium. I would of gave it 2 stars, if it wasn't for the lapdance got. This white girl, really put it on me. She took off her pannies, and started grinding and grabbing my sausage. Dam, Im getting HOT, just thinking about it. That dance, put it over the TOP for me. It's a great place to hang out and chill, after a Pirates game, too, Im gotta back there, for sure.
3	Please note in the summertime:  Men are not allowed in the club in sleeveless shirts!  Went in on a whim with my husband and we were told he'd have to buy a $25 Blush t-shirt or hit the bricks!  Whoops!
4	The good: weekly flown in special entertainment (midgets to porn stars) and location if you are already downtown.The bad: its like a smokey frat house more than a strip club. The stage is small and on one side. It gets packed some nights and you can't get close to or hardly see the stage. Not the best dancers either.
2	I'm sorry, but...well...You're wearing pasties.  PAS-TIES!I'M HERE FOR TIT-TIES!!!
4	Hark, all boob lovers!The owner fixed the problem.All nude, all the time.
3	so i was at blush doing a beer promo, meaning i had to try to get people to drink bud light while it was on special for a couple hours. first of all, for anyone that does beer promos, a strip club is the best place to do it because the girls are so competitive they don't even want you to walk around and talk to customers, so i just stood in the corner, giving t shirts to people that asked for them. but enough about me.blush is a relatively small strip club (aside from the private rooms upstairs that i can't say i have any experience with). there's a main stage that usually 2 girls perform on and the creepiest side stage ever... it's basically a go-go dancer cage in the very back corner. now, i didn't buy any drinks so i don't know what the prices are like, but i watched the bartenders and they were really friendly and attentive. the dancers themselves ranged from hottttt to ehhhh and friendly (even to us, and not just the customers) to bi*ches. some of them were very talented dancers, and some looked like they had just started. so all in all, the dancers were pretty hit or miss. one cool thing though, is that they had a famous porn star come out to perform... courtney cumz or something like that. actually, it probably would have been a lot cooler if i knew who she was or if she were actually better than the regular dancers. oh well, not the best titty bar i've been to, but not the worst either.
5	Blush is a goldmine.I love the intimate feel of the place coupled with the high caliber of girls Albert has working (~ 25 each weekday and 40 on the weekends).  The variety and sex-appeal of these chicks is incredible!!Every single dancer is smoking hot.Seriously.The strippers are out of this world!  They are naked, sexy, and writhing on your lap.  Go there.  Drink a beer (or 5) :)  (typical strip club prices, $5 a beer and $30 a dance).  It is SO worth it.  The entertainment just walks right up to you.  I've had hilarious and intelligent conversations, been mentally and physically turned on, and always, ALWAYS suggest it as the place to go with my friends.  I love Blush.  I love the girls there and I love the atmosphere.  It's drug-free, smoke-free, and intimidation-free.*On a personal note, my favorite girl is MOLLY; an ivy league graduate, who looks like  the knock-out girl next door and gives the. most. sensual lap dances I have ever experienced in my entire life.  She's the definition of what men are looking for and I absolutely CAN NOT WAIT (!) to go back.
5	Great place with very attractive girls.  If you are fortunate like me and your wife or gf attends these types of establishments with you, this is the place to go.  They treat couples very well here.  We got front row seats and had a few beers bought for us!
5	Everyone knows that Pittsburgh one-ups San Diego in sports, but did you also know that they one-up us again with this establishment?Rejoice strip club connoisseurs! Blush has it all, full nude and a full bar in one go!The club is easy to find, and the bouncers are friendly. They let the girls work, but ensure that there isn't a bottleneck at the front door. Pay your cover, gentlemen (ladies are complimentary) and move it along.Drinks are reasonably priced, and surprisingly strong. The bartenders are quick and attentive, don't forget to tip them too. Blush has one main stage with three poles, and one additional smaller stage behind the bar. The evening I attended, there were at minimum, four girls dancing at any given time. The girls were real, and not overly done up/fake. I appreciated the change of pace from what I typically see on the West coast. Make no mistake, these girls were pretty with smokin hot bodies - only the pretentiousness was missing.The girls at Blush did not solicit dances aggressively, and they did not stroll around the club after their set looking for their mandatory tip per person. As a matter of fact, it was slightly difficult for us to obtain a lap dance! We had selected at least three different girls who we were interested in receiving a private dance from. After their set they left the stage and were not seen again. I expected them to walk the floor a bit so that we could blow some of our hard earned dough on these ladies, but no dice. The feature entertainer for the evening, Alexis Texas, was the real reason we came to the club that night. She rocked her fucking set. I got to meet her, take a few pics, and I even walked away with an autographed poster. The club is clean, safe, and the other customers are friendly. There are police stationed in the "business" area of the club right next to the restrooms. Not sure what the deal was with that, but they didn't hustle any of the customers, and seemed pretty stoked to have their beat for the evening at the strip club vs. the strip district.Thanks for making my Birthday awesome Blush!
2	Went to Blush with my boyfriend for something to do after leaving PNC. The cover was $15 each and they do in fact charge females a cover. The bartenders were really nice and made the drinks fairly strong and kept them coming.The club really didn't have a lot of seating and the stage was kind of gross and scuffed up with a really low ceiling. There was a diverse group of girls but they weren't aggressive at all, and were fairly attractive. The patrons were kind of rough and rowdy which really took away from the experience, but that might have been because of the huge influx of people coming in after the concert. I don't know that it is worth visiting again.
