5	There are so many awesome things to say about this store that it's hard to know a place to start. Appearance, service, stock, lighting, attitude are all solid A's that bear a little more gushing.Appearance - this is one of the cleanest and best displayed gaming stores that I've been too. A lot of times game stores feel cramped, but this store, though full of product, did not give me the closed in, almost claustrophobic feeling that I've gotten elsewhere. It's open and airy and bright. The fixtures are nice and well used.Service was excellent - the owner was attentive and well-informed about his stock, but not overly pushy. He said all the right things in all the right places and was open and willing to talk. More than anything, he really seemed to know the board game industry and that's a great trait to have.Stock ... oh man ... there were so many games there and so many games that I had never seen before or had only seen online. His stock was the deepest and most varied in board games that I've ever seen. And he didn't only have niche board games, but stocked less well-known family games like Sequence and party games like Cranium. If you want a board or card game, I'd hazard to say they have it or, if not, they can probably get it.I can't recommend this store highly enough. Everyone should try it out and support a local business. Heck, you'll be able to get what you want faster there too.
5	Several months ago, I "liked" the newest Madison-area gaming store on Facebook but didn't find time to check it out until recently (I was drawn in by a post about an inventory sale and a recommendation from a longtime friend of the owner.) Upon first visit, I'm Board! solidified my belief that there is a need for expertly run brick and mortar game stores. The physical space is inviting and intuitively organized, well lit and very clean. I want to buy locally whenever possible but find myself shopping online for certain kinds of items because I can be easily overwhelmed by overpacked retail spaces. I'm happy to report that I'm Bored! is a very comfortable place to shop.The prices were more than fair, with two dedicated sale spaces offering diverse, quality games and accessories at 40-60% off. The inventory was extremely impressive and included both popular and obscure games and expansions from a variety of publishers. Just off the gaming room is a lending library of games for use during the many scheduled game events-- from competitive groups to family fun nights. My family was invited to spend time looking through these games and it's a lot easier to make a smart purchase when you're able to open a box and gain a sense of the product. The owner, Bryan, provided the best customer service I've seen in a long time. He could concisely explain the objectives, strengths and potential drawbacks of any game and did so without a hint of arrogance. Our 3 generation family felt very comfortable in the store and not like we were outsiders or not legit customers because we were newcomers. We were left to browse and offered guidance whenever we wanted some. Bryan provided me with good information about an out-of-print game I'd been hoping to find, helped my 6 year-old find appropriate-yet-fun games, and invited grandma to the family game night on Friday so we could try out one of the more expensive games we're considering. I'm Board! has a generous, points-based rewards program for returning customers. We were able to register by simply providing one name and not a lot of personal info, which I appreciated. We were given 1200 points just for registering and, combined with our current purchase, could have redeemed those points immediately for several dollars off. Pretty nice! We left with two games and are thrilled to have I'm Board! Games & Family Fun in the neighborhood. If it's out there, I'm Board! can get it or tell you how to find it. My online game-shopping days are over.
5	Excellent selection of board games for all ages & ability levels, great service with special orders, and nice open play room with an extensive "library" for trying new stuff.
5	It's now been several months--almost a year, really--and I would say this is our home-away-from-home.Okay, okay, not quite, but it is just about my favorite place to visit. The gaming center is still super clean and awesome, the selection is excellent (with tons and tons of family games!), and just... perfect store. But the best part? Brian, the owner. Not only is he super friendly, he's willing to go above and beyond for his customers. Looking for a type of game, but don't know what there is? He'll help you. Interested in a game, but don't know for sure if you want to buy it? Test it out! And Brian and/or his awesomely cool employees will even help you through the rules! Want a game that's not in stock? These guys will do their best to help you find it.This place is an excellent store, and when you add the absolutely stellar service (I mean it -- seriously the best service I've gotten anywhere, ever. No exaggeration.), it is the only place to go in the Madison area for games.
5	I used to go to Pegasus Games all the time, but I'm Board has really become the best in Madison for most games. They don't really do MTG, which is ok. They easily have the friendliest staff I've ever come across. The store is gorgeous (for a game store) and has a far better environment than any other. It's welcoming and thankfully not creepy, like some of their competitors. I hope that they some day get to expand their store even more.
5	Get your next game here. Seriously, do it. You won't regret it. You don't even have to come in with much of an idea of what you want either. All you need to do is talk to Brian, and he'll show you something you'll like based on a few simple questions for you. He's the most helpful person i've talked to about games, because not only does he have a good depth of knowledge of nearly every game in the store, but he's also very understanding of the fact that not everyone who goes into I'm Board is a game expert (or trying to be one). He was able to help me gauge which games to buy based on the groups of people I wanted to play with, what games we already have, and what budget we were on. He even offered to let us open the games and try them out briefly before we bought them!Other good things here include:- A noninvasive loyalty/rewards program that rewards you just for signing up. When you sign up, you get enough points to get $10 off your next purchase.- A space of tables for playing games. They have several events a month, ranging from casual to competitive to particular game leagues.- A good selection. Pretty much any board game being sold nationally is sold there. There were some games I didn't find there, but not surprisingly, Brian knew the games in question and informed me that they're in between print versions.The only con about I'm Board is that a lot of the products can be found for cheaper on Amazon (albeit not much cheaper, usually). But, i'd like to think that the extra cash is being used toward funding the events, and for getting the very useful extra information about the games that I wouldn't find online. This extra information from Brian has always made all of my purchase decisions easier, and i've been very happy with everything i've bought from here. If gaming is your hobby at all, then you'd do well to check out I'm Board!
5	I love this store! If you're ready to step up your board game game and take it to the next level, check out I'm Board. From RPGs like Dungeons & Dragons to the hottest new German board game, I'm Board has it all. If not, it's probably out of stock because it's so popular. They have games for all ages.Additionally, they have a board game library of practically every game they have in stock, so you can take it out for a spin before you decide to buy it! They also host game nights (event schedule here: http://www.imboardgamestore.com/events.php) with different types of games each night. Last but not least, they have discounts for students; just bring in a copy of your latest transcript/report card and they'll take your GPA, multiply it by 10, and give you that % discount. They also have a great rewards/loyalty program! Spice up your game night. All your friends will be super impressed.
5	I've been buying my games here, and only here for the last 3 years. I hope to continue doing so for the next three years. Easily the most friendly place in the Madison area. I've had some less than awesome times at other game stores, but I always feel welcome and safe at I'm Board.Brian is also pretty much the coolest guy in the world to talk games with, so you should do so, often.
5	This store is fantastic - staff members are always helpful and the selection of games is great.  This is one of the first game stores I checked out after moving to the Madison area and I have avoided going to others because I like this one so much.  In addition, they hold great events every day during the week, they really have a game for everyone.
