1	My girl signed us up for this sweet idea for a trail horseback ride and campfire steak dinner. The idea of it was amazing. The Groupon price, $140 is OK but, half off the normal price (not worth it!). Plus the "suggested" gratuity is required $20 per rider at the beginning and then we were informed later (privately) that the staff only makes $ off of tips!(is that legal?) We tipped the chef an extra $10 out of pity. @the owner: if you are reading this you should be ashamed of yourself. The pics on the website (& corresponding Groupon) are slightly misleading. They don't take you on trails, you ride on the side of rural roads between private ranches. They took plenty of pictures before & during the ride which was a nice touch. They asked us our temp preference on steak before the ride but... welldone=welldone, med well=well, med=well, medrare=well, etc. you get the picture. If these guys are some of the cheapest in the area then something is clearly wrong. Several of the more southern riders in our group commented that rides in the south are much longer & at least half the price of this one. The staff were great!! Very friendly & attentive. But, we won't be back.
1	*NOTE: If I could rate this place with ZERO stars, that would be the rating!This is a late review for our ride we took in the middle of February 2012.  But better late than never so here it goes.My husband and I bought the 2 hour Groupon special hoping for a great ride.  They took us for a "ride" alright... First of all, we called way in advance to make reservations for our horseback ride. We were given a specific time to meet at their so called "ranch" and was even cautioned to be there at least 15 minutes prior to our scheduled ride time.  So as instructed, we showed up 15 minutes early for our ride only to find a desolate looking property with a picnic table and portapotty in the middle of nowhere with no staff to be found. The hubby and I were initially confused and thought we might be in the wrong place as we did not see anything that resembled a ranch or a place that even had horses. So I called the number that they was provided to me at the time I made the reservations and was told that we were in the right area and to just wait and that someone will be there shortly.  1/2 past our reserved time, a rude young lady shows up and tells us to fill out our forms and to pay the "MANDATORY" gratuity of $20.00 each. Now, I am all for tipping someone when it is deserved, but the last time I checked, a "gratuity" is something whether it be monetary or of other means, was a voluntary thing. If it was a "required" fee, then they should just include this "gratuity" in the actually fees instead of forcing people to tip a certain amount, or to even have to give a tip at all. Where is the incentive of providing good service if you know you will have a guaranteed tip!!? Yah,... there is none! So, after all of that stuff was taken care of, now we had to wait another 1/2 hour before we got mounted on our horses.  We sat on our horses for another good 30 minutes or so before embarking on our ride.  So for a ride that was supposed to start at 1430, ended up starting at 1630 and ending at around 1800... and yes, if you do the math, you will realize that the so called "2 hour" ride was actually only 1 and 1/2 hours because they claimed that the horses were "getting restless" and could not take anymore and that the sun was going down so we should just head back in. IMHO, if you paid for 2 hours worth of services, I would think that you should get what you paid for. The horses were fine and who's fault was it anyways that the sun was going down!!? Theirs! The staff took too long to start the ride and in turn we as customers got cheated out on! The ride itself was quite pathetic. It took place on asphalt paved roads that went to through a residential area.  It there was no scenery as they lead you to believe there is via their website and the staff did not assist with taking pictures of you on their horses with your own personal camera because they wanted you to buy their 1 and only picture that they take of you prior to starting your ride.  The horses were a mixed bag of well mannered and spunky.  I would not recommend this ride for anyone especially a beginner who has never rode on a horse before. I am an experienced horse rider so fortunately, I am able to control and handle a horse who on occasion, felt like galloping/trotting.  This would have been very scary for someones first horse ride. The entire ride was a sham and really the only thing that made this ride exciting and enjoyable was the fact that my horse was a little spunky and decided to speed up a bit. But as I had said earlier, if you were not experienced at horse back riding, then this by all means would not have been a fun thing at all and you'd probably never want to ride a horse again out of fear.  The staff was quite inattentive to the riders as there was a elderly male on our tour that was suffering with severe back and leg pain (they allowed him to ride with a cast on his leg).  It was quite evident that he was suffering because he was moaning and groaning in pain loudly and basically hanging half way off of his horse trying to find a comfortable position.  I hope this review will serve as a WARNING to all to NOT book any horseback riding tours with this company. There are a few other horseback riding tours in the Red Rock area that provide an awesome time with lovely scenery and then some.  You really do get what you pay for, so if something is a little to cheap to believe, it is! Save your money and pay for a legit tour, it will definitely be worth the extra  few bucks! NEVER AGAIN!!! TOTAL RIP OFF AND WASTE OF TIME!!!
1	My beau and I have had horse back riding on our couples To Do list for a very long time now. He found the groupon deal where the ride was half off. We were excited about finally riding horses and when we arrived . . . well . . .First of all: the place we went was in a middle of no where. There was no clear place  to park and check in however there were other groups as well so we followed the crowd. We were greeted by a young lady at a table. We signed a paper when she disclosed that there is a mandatory gratuity of $15 per person. She first told us that she left a message. We did not receive the message until after the fact but we were already annoyed that the the gratuity was not stated in the groupon AND that they tell us on the day of the ride that we would have to pay.Next was the assignment of horses. You would think that before assigning you a horse that they would ask you on how experienced you are with horses as well as your size. The woman doing the assignments pretty much gave us the first available horse they had. One man in another group was assigned a horse who was known to have a bad temperament and kicked tailgating horses. It probably did not help that one of the cow boys got bit by that very horse while he was trying to take something out of it's mouth. The cowboy basically cussed and slapped the horse on the face WITH a guest saddled on. Not good at all in my book. (More on this later.) Next they forced us to line up with our groups to take a picture. First of all we told one of the women that we were not interested because we were not about to drop another 10 bucks on a photo print. Especially since my boyfriend had a cannon 2ti around his neck. If you are not a photographer, it is waaaay better than the crappy point and shoot they wanted to use. Luckily one of the younger workers there took our picture with our awesome camera. The woman in charged was clearly pissed off and forced us to take another picture with her point and shoot.we started the ride once the woman in charge stopped screaming at the workers about how people were not saddled up correctly. We were led by a cowboy who forced everyone to ride single file. The problem was that the horses did not want to remain in single file. A couple in front of us wanted to remain together but the cowboy insisted that the horses decide who they want to ride with. The tour led us around a neighborhood rather than into the mountains as the website leads you to believe. At one point my horse began to tailgate that one angry horse from earlier. That horse kicked my horse who nearly threw me into one of the dumpsters. None of the workers helped me nor did they apologize for the incident.The entire tour was a disappointment and unprofessional on the part of the staff. I hardly rode nor saw my boyfriend the entire two hours plus we were there. At the end of our tour they called us over for the dinner that comes with the plan. We were so over this place that we just got in our car and drove away.This place gets one star: for the kid who took our picture with OUR camera. At least we got a decent picture of our adventure.
5	So i found this place just by googling horseback riding. The price for the 2 hour ride seemed reasonable so i figured I'd give it a try. When I called and booked the trip they took my credit card and charged it right then even though it was a week away. The man on the phone Wes, was very helpful. He did suggest I tip the tour guide, but he wasn't pushy. After i was charged I saw the yelp reviews and got scared. I'm actually happy I went through with it.So we we're given an address to go to on the day of our ride. Our guide Jackie called and informed me she was running a little late. No big deal. The address we met her at was far Northwest and there literally was no parking. It was just the dead end of the street. There was just gravel. No signs or anything. She pulled up with her van and told me just to leave my car. She drove us a few hundred yards down the road in her van and got situated.It was just Myself, girlfriend and her. She had a trailer with 3 horses and gave us a crash course in riding then we we're off. We started at like 6pm and went towards the mountains. It was cool because she brought her dog who was pretty entertaining. He interacted with the wildlife on the trail so that was cool. Our guide (Jackie) was super informative and sweet. She told us all about the different types of plants and wildlife on the trail. She helped us out quite a bit. Very nice lady. The ride lasted like 2.25 hours. It got super cold so it was plenty of time. We got a beautiful view of the strip. All in all it was a great experience. It would be nice if they had some kind of parking lot but it wasn't a big deal. If I ever want to go riding again I'll go through them. I'd recommend asking for Jackie to be your guide. She was great.
