5	I love this place. I read about it here on Yelp and decided to give it a try. So much better than the mechanic I had previously gone to. Initially I had an electrical problem and they fixed it fast and at a reasonable price. After that experience I decided to bring it back for them to look at a problem  I had with a rattle in the under carriage of my '99 Camry. I had been told by the other mechanic that it was a problem with an engine mount and would cost $750 to fix - when I brought it to Precision I mentioned what the other mechanic thought it was, left it there and got a call later that after noon - it had been a bent muffler pipe and the work had been done for free. Now, I don't think that's going to happen again, but how many mechanics wouldn't at least charge for labor? In these tough economic times it's so refreshing to run in to that level of honesty. This is the only place in Las Vegas where I'll take my Toyota.
5	The guys that run this place are fantastic, and very knowledgeable. You can always take vehicle in and not worry about paying for unneeded maintenance or parts. I've been using them to service my Toyota's for over 10 years now.
5	I've been a loyal customer here at Precision for about 7 years.  I've brought all the toyota / lexus in the family and have been happy every time.  Jeff is awesome as are all the techs that work here.  From Lexus to camrys to trucks to sports cars, they know it all and will work on it with care and diligence.  Super trustworthy.  If you need a ride they will drop you off / pick you up too.  Go see these guys for any Lexus/Toyota repairs needed.
5	Before Precision Performance, I was a crooked mechanic's favorite customer.  Greedy eyes light up when this tiny, young looking, car-clueless, girl would walk in to a shop.  Something about me screams "Sucker", and I've literally been told that I needed parts replaced that don't even exist on my car.   Enter Precision Performance:Recommended by a long time customer, I cringed as usual when I showed up with a brake problem, expecting it would cost hundreds to correct.  I left that day having paid $35 in labor with brakes that felt like new.  When it was just dust, they didn't pretend it was anything bigger.  That was a delightfully new experience for me.  Since then, 2 Toyotas later, I hate when I have to take my car elsewhere.  Most recently my transmission looked to be on its way out.  Another mechanic told me hands down, it would need to be replaced, there were no other possibilities.  Precision Performance found a warranty I didn't know I had.  They'd conferred with someone they trusted at a dealership who was expecting my call to replace a computer.  It solved the problem and saved me thousands.  When more expensive work is unavoidable they'll advise me in what I need to do to drive safely now, and what we can wait to revisit on the next service.  Uneducated as I am, following their advice has kept me off the side of the road and with no need for tow trucks for years.Outside of their work and honesty, I like them as people.  Their staff is friendly and always make time to answer my questions.  It's a no frills shop, don't expect anything fancy, but there is good reason that many of these reviews come from customers who have been loyal to Precision Performance for years.
5	Mechanics don't come much better Or HONEST than this. Professional, Fast and fair in their pricing. I've been taking my Toyota's there for over 10 years.
5	This is the only place that you will not be ripped off . You will get the best service in Las Vegas.
5	Stopped here with a car problem on a roadtrip from la to ny and Jeff (the owner) spent about an hour on the car and didn't charge me.  He tried a maf and when that wasn't it he pulled it and didn't charge me.  Also gave me a card and told me to call if I'm on the road and something happens.  Great guy!
5	Had a Toyota Corolla with a water pump failing and took it to Precision for a second opinion and got away better rate. Super friendly staff. Jeff, I assume owner, took our car in right when we showed up and came back with a free diagnosis and estimate on the spot. We plan on taking our Toyota here from now on, even oil changes. Highly recommend this place!
5	Excellent service.  After the dealer told me my problem was worn tires, I brought my car here.  The owner, Jeff, diagnosed my 2009 Lexus IS250 over the phone.  The same day I brought it in without an appointment so he could verify which wheel bearing was bad.  Jeff looked at the car right away and gave me an estimate without charging me for troubleshooting.  Later I told Jeff the dealer would cover the repairs because it's still under warranty and he was very nice and told me to have the dealer repair it.  Very honest and trustworthy business.  They have earned my business for any future non-warranty repairs, I wish I knew about them earlier.
5	I had a great experience with Precision. We were on a roadtrip and stopping in Vegas for only a couple of days and developed a frightening problem with our brakes before we arrived. Took our Corolla to Precision (based on their excellent reviews and Toyota specialization) to see what the problem was. The waiting area is comfortable and welcoming, and they were very friendly. Most importantly, of course, they found my problem (broken shim), fixed it within an hour, and sent me on my way AT NO CHARGE. They waved away my trying to pay them, claiming it was such an easy fix, and wished me luck on my trip. Even without incentives to get my future business (as I don't live in LV), they still acted with great integrity and service, which are rare qualities. Highly recommend!
5	I had a charging system issue on my Lexus so I looked online for a good lexus independent shop, after calling and speaking with Jeff about my issue he told me to bring my car down and he would do everything he could to get it fixed the same day. They got my vehicle fixed that day for me so I wasn't stuck without a car for the weekend. Great service and very friendly staff. They go above and beyond for the customers.. Thanks guysCraig
5	Jeff, the owner is a jewel and so is everyone I interacted with at Precision.  I don't care what anyone tells you...If you're female and you're moderately attractive and single. ..if you go to get something fixed at a dealership or repair shop - I never feel as though if I'm getting shafted or if I'm getting an authentic diagnosis about my vehicle. Now, I'm sure the dealerships that shift women do not care if I'm attractive,  but they "smell the fact that I know ZERO about fixing a broken car!"Jeff explained what needed to be fixed on my RX330...gave me the price for the part and it was 1/3 less than the Lexus dealership. My next repairs will be at Precision. ..they ROCK!
5	Been coming here for about 7 years now...I drive all the way from Henderson because the shop and staff are that good. Trustworthy in their quotes and thorough in their checks. If  you have a Toyota or Honda... this is the only place I'd go to.
5	Just moved to town from SoCal.  Had transmission serviced on my 2006 Toyota Camry in California prior to moving.  After arriving in Vegas I discovered an oil leak.  Found this shop based on the yelp reviews so I took a chance.  They took my car the same day.  Completed fixing the last shops mistake that afternoon.  Great customer service, very honest, friendly, and never felt I needed to question the opinion of the required repair.  I will be back.  Its nice to know I have a local Toyota mechanic to rely on!
