4	The first fish monger i've ever seen with a line out the door. These fish are in demand. There is so much fresh fish on ice, that it feels like you're walking into a freezer.The choice is great, picked up a beautiful piece of salmon that I baked with some peppercorns. Much better taste than the bleachy stuff you get out of the packet in Tesco.My only objection is that it's a little pricey, which you expect from independent branches, but it's a little overpriced.
4	How many fishmongers do you see these days? Not very many, which is sad because fishmongers like Something Fishy provide much better quality fish and service than supermarkets. Now I am not in the habit of eating fish because I have horrible memories of my Granny feeding me trout and I now associate that with throwing up in my mouth. Yuck.  So I got a Jamie Oliver cookbook for Christmas and the majority of the book consisted of fish. So I bit the bullet and decided if I was going to do fish I was going to do it right. The fishmonger dude was very helpful and gave me cooking tips which came in handy. The recipe called for any white fish so he gave me a lit of options and I said just go ahead and give me the least fishy of the bunch. I couldn't be chewed with my flat smelling like a harbour for the next week. The price was reasonable I assume. My lack of fish buying experience means I don't have much to compare it to, but I left feeling happy with my purchase and quite enjoyed the fish.
5	Being locally owned, being traditional, and having a simple yet efective pun in it's name are three criteria that will effectively turn me into putty in a business's hands. By that maxim, Something Fishy would have had to pull of something VERY fishy, such as fatal food poisoning, to not be on the recieving end of a glowing writeup. Thankfully, having tried a fair few of their ocean-dwelling delights from salmon steaks to seabass, and not having died yet, the folks at Something Fishy need not fret about their star-based status.Good quality fish, and I just really, really love that smell. It's often tempting to just "do a gollum" and devour one of our watery chums raw and on the doorstep.
4	This is a good shop to visit that is not too far out from the city centre and well worth looking into if you are passing.  The fish on offer here offers both good quality and reasonable pricing, which is as much as you can really ask for.  My main complaint is the fact that they only display prices in pounds.  I know that fishmongers work in pounds, but I work in kilos and I can't help but think that it wouldn't be much effort on their part just to knock out the conversion on a calculator whereas I have to try and do it in my head without really knowing how many pounds are equivalent to a kilo.  Despite this, you do seem to get a good amount of fish for you money even though I'm not precisely sure how much you get, but it is certainly on a par with elsewhere.  The staff here are friendly and will be happy to have a quick chat with you as they weigh out your order and get you your chance which adds a bit of pleasantry to your visit although I must admit I still struggle with some of the accents so my parts in these chats often end up being nodding and smiling a lot.  Another little criticism, however, is that the range is fairly small sticking to the old favourites which most will be happy with, but I do like choice in my fish so I do find this a bit disappointing.  As it is, the place is a nice fishmongers to visit.
4	Something Fishy is always busy whenever I walk past and I suppose it reflects how good it is. Top quality fish and fresh as you can get and a great selection too. I love all kinds of fish to be honest and if I'm ever cooking for friends or family I'll usually cook some kind of fish. Getting it from ASDA or Tesco just isn't the same as going to a proper fishmongers and that's why it's great to have Something Fishy to go to. They have an excellent range and the staff are always friendly and helpful. As the other reviewers have said, it isn't the cheapest place in the world but it's true that you get what you pay for.
4	I'm writing this in between mouthfuls of delicious haddock for my lunch. I love this shop, with all its different fish and seafood on offer - and the staff are great and very patient with, em, non-chefs like me and their stupid questions. They'll fillet and prepared your fish, discuss how to cook it, and wish you luck as you leave!I also love just how old fashioned it feels, with marble slabs and newspaper to wrap the fish, and the trays of fresh eggs on the counter. If I fancy a wee nostalgia fest, they do old fashioned fish cakes in bright orange 'breadcrumbs' - there's a lot more potato than fish, but they cost about 30p each, so who's complaining!
