5	$12 haircut. SERIOUS.Who the hell cares if it's a student? They've already had a good amount of training under their belt, they're supervised, and this dollar amount includes cut, shampoo, and blow dry. (Though, I will say, my last hair dresser reminded me of many a douchebag hipster I've met in my years, but that's okay, because it's $12 effing dollars).Pretty sure it's the best damn deal in town.
4	I got a highlights and a cut for $55 which is what I would just pay for a normal haircut at places I used to go. I wasn't sure how it was going to turn out, but my student is about to graduate and had a lot of experience under her belt (those are the best kind to get!) which also meant less time in the chair. Woo! I left totally happy, but some friends have told me that they haven't be as happy with their cuts here which is what prevents a 5 star rating. The place is sorta loud and does feel different from a salon (like there was a line forming for the wash stations because everyone's color was done at the same time), but it's totally a good deal to go. Where else are you going to get color so inexpensively??!?!
5	I'm can't help but join the 5 stars fan club for T&G Academy.  Thanks Elle T for the tip.It was many months since my last cut so I had to take several inches off and I wasn't sure if this would be the right place.  But I loved it, loved it and my SO loved it too.  Can't get more bangs for my 12 bucks.  Yeah, it was crowded, but I made an appointment ahead of time, so no wait for me.  I also asked for someone who was close to graduation.
5	Wow! Totally impressed with this academy. After my last hair gal moved from AZ, I gave the academy a call and they got me in on a Saturday. I grabbed a photo that I wanted along with color ideas and off I went. The girl I had was fabulous! She had been there for about 4 months and I didn't mind at all when she would ask the instructor for help! The color turned out great and the cut turned out way better than the photo I brought in! Since the instructors have to approve all their work, you can't go wrong. So, cut, color, highlights only cost me $55 and its one of the best cuts I have ever had!
5	You know when you get a really good cut and color.. When the stylist is done and you look in the mirror and say "Wow, you did a great job. It looks awesome".Well that was my experience yesterday. I was a bit hesitant to go to the training academy, but in these rough economic times every penny counts and their prices are fantabulous.  It is really hard to find someone that does a great job on your hair the first time you see them. My stylist was Sara Groves and I am now a customer for life. I have the feeling she is going to have a very lucrative career doing hair, too bad her prices will triple in a few months. She sat me down and asked me all about my hair, my style, the products I use ect. The best part of the entire experience was that she really listened to me and cut my hair exactly how I asked. I wanted peek-a-boo highlights in my bangs, and even though she thought it was an odd choice (and asked me if I was sure a few times ;) she gave them to me. I was extremely pleased with both my cut and color. When the receptionist rang me up I almost couldn't believe the price.. Cut and color for under $50.. WOW!
4	All senses were on high alert! As a survivor of non-medicated ADD, I can handle this place but if you are looking for a calm place for a spa service, this in not a good place for you. The music was loud, there are people running everywhere and the lady students had make-up for the night! The reason I gave if 4 stars-the stylist David - is 18 and making something of himself and gave a great haircut! I love that. I got a simple haircut for 12 bucks, I love that. Why not the 5th star - I wish they made their stylist/staff dress more professionally! This is a professional school, they should be professional. I could see boys underwear because their pants were too low and I have already commented on the gals make-up. I know I sound old school and OLD but they should have to dress professional here and then the salon of their choice will set the standard of dress. Please raise the bar in school!
5	I've been coming here for a few months now to get a blow out for special events or just when I am feeling lazy.  At $10 you can see why I call it my guilty pleasure!  The salon is a bit noisy and the music does change daily depending on who picked the station so if you are looking for relaxation you may want to look elsewhere.  BUT if you are looking for a quick 'do, mani/pedi or a cheap cut then this is your place.  The bad news is you have to get there early because they take their last appointments at 2 PM and I don't believe they are open on the weekends.I have not had a hair cut there but all the stylists I have had so far have been knowledgeable, personable and listened to what I asked for.  Many of the student stylists are close to graduating so you shouldn't feel worried that they are fresh out of haircutting 101.My only gripe, as with any salon I go to is smokers.  Nothing ruins my style experience worse than a stylist whose hands smell like cigarettes.  It is a bit of a younger crowd that works in the salon but you can't fault them for having a trendy or punk look as long as they deliver the style you are looking for.
2	Grrrr, slightly irritated with Toni and Guys incompetence in scheduling. I said noon, they heard nine. So, I drove to Scottsdale and was told I missed my appointment, no apology or anything, just a blank stare. This is why most salons call the day before, to confirm that some ditz didn't write down the wrong time. Not only did they waste an hour of my day, but now I have to wear a hat for the next week.Two stars because it is inexpensive and if you request my girl Sara G as your stylist, you will be very happy with the results.
1	I was actually really looking forward to getting my hair done. What girl doesn't? Well, the girl started with my highlights, and it took a really long time which I expected from a hair school, afterall they are learning! Then the haircut......I chose a Toni and Guy hair style thinking that I was doing my girl a favor. It was a hair style that I thought would be simple since it was one of their styles that they teach. She began to cut and was complaining that her scissors were "bending" my hair. They were dull and she kept having to re-cut and re-cut to make it even. A teacher walked by and she told her what was happening. The response she got was that the "sharpening person came through yesterday, so too bad". My cut took so long, that the school was about to close. They asked me to go and pay before she had even begun to finish. I did. Students had just finished their last class in the other room and stood around staring at my hair and not in a good way, I'm assuming because they wanted to close. I ended up with a mullet-style when I had asked for a bob. The hair cut was supposed to lay about a inch and a half below my chin and the front of my hair was about two inches above my chin. I had a long layer in the back and I was mortified!I would have said something, but I felt that my hair was beyond even fixing without chopping it all off! Plus, they were all wanting to leave and "waiting" for us to finish and the girl behind the counter had done all of her paper work. What was I supposed to do? I thanked her and even tipped her for her time, went to my car and cried. This was the first time I ever cried from a haircut. It's hair and it will grow back, but this just plain sucked! Sorry Toni and Guy, never again.
5	So many wonderful students at this academy. In particular, Sara groves is now working at Ulta on 20th street and camelback in Phoenix :)
