5	Top of the line defense lawyer. He left the prosecutor stumbling over his own words and it was clear by the judges smirk that this man knows EXACTLY what he is doing. Highly recommend if you want quality representation.
5	Michael is the best criminal defense lawyer!!!!!! I hired him because I was being charged with 3 criminal misdemeanors. I interviewed about 10 different lawyers, before deciding on Michael. I have a clean record and wanted to keep it that way.To make a long story short, I left my dog and my sis 2 Dog's in a covered parking garage at the airport at 8AM on a cloudy day for a short period of time w the windows cracked. Yes, I made a poor judgement call. I know. If anyone has ever dealt with airport police then you can only imagine my worst nightmare! The dog's were completely fine. Due to all the police officers leaving their dogs in cars lately to die, they are extremely  tough with dog laws in Phoenix. Michael fought for me tooth and nail and got everything dismissed! I was a little worried after the first 2 court dates and he wasn't getting back to me in a timely manner and neither was his secretary. I was frustrated there for awhile. Nobody is perfect. He went to court for me on 3 different occasions and only charged me a flat fee. He is very sharp, knowledgable and not cocky at all like a lot of lawyers. I can say that because I was married to a criminal defense lawyer for 7 years and from all the lawyers I called and interviewed. So many lawyers in the Phoenix area are truly shady! Don't be afraid to put your life in his hands! He knows what he's doing.Thanks a million, Michael!!! You deserve 10 stars!
5	I had an incident that I enlisted Michael's help for.  I was being treated unfairly and he recognized this from the minute I spoke with him.  Long story short I got a slightest degree DUI for having only a couple of light beers.  I passed all the field sobriety tests and they still charged me.  The DPS and Phoenix police can ruin your life and will take advantage of those who don't know the system. Throughout his representation he conveyed that I was not guilty.  He is extremely confident and well versed in his profession.  He seemed to have an innate ability to predict the actions of the court and prosecutor.This proved effective when they would not budge on a plea offer that would have been devastating to my future.  I know that behind the scenes he put a lot of pressure on the prosecutor to release me from the charges with a fair plea.  To my delight, only a few days before trial the State took the plea that Michael arranged.  He told me he didn't want me to "wimp out" and I'm glad I followed his advice.  This lawyer really cares and fights hard for his clients.* After reading the below commenter's reviews I completely agree with her description.  He is incredibly fair with his fee.  He represented me on several occasions and I did not have to spend much of my own time since he took care of it on my behalf.  His communication is good so that I could reach him with text and phone.  His demeanor really goes a long way, not cocky or shady like many other lawyers.  Very honest and caring.  Highly Recommend if your concerned with your rights and freedom, don't hesitate to let him navigate through whatever situation you might be facing.  The relief he provided is indescribable!!!
5	Highly Recommended lawyer! This man will fight for you. He is honest, caring, and affordable. I was getting a DUI charge for only having a .01 in my system. I thought it was bs and so did he and the court system kept trying to pin the DUI on me for about 6 months but Michael wouldnt settle for that and fought for me all the way through! He is a life saver. This is the best lawyer!
