1	Don't fall for Carlisle superficial glam.When I first visited Carlisle apartment complex, I had no doubt about getting my name on the lease: crystal clear pool with a beautiful waterfall, outdoor jacuzzi, neatly mowed lawns, newly renovated houses inside and out. And so it was for about a day or two after we moved in. Then the fancy curtain was lifted and the ugly picture was revealed. The heating system was not working properly: we either could take a hot shower or warm up the apartment, but not both as the working of the central heating interferred with the supply of hot water. After that was fixed, we discovered that the dishwasher was broken - dear Carlisle, next time see if any repairs have to be done prior to renting out the place, although I understand how tempting it is to deposit the check as soon as you can. We didn't have to wait for too long for another problem to occur - food disposer was next in line ready for falling apart. Ten potato peels and a few onion shells were enough to disrupt the homeostasis of that delicate body that normally can process dozens of peach pits and then ask for more. The end of our troubled stay was celebrated with the washing machine flooding the whole apartment and a carpet replacement company leaving the place in complete disarray after the new carpet was installed. I should probably also mention the swift with which the Carlisle maintenance crew reacted to our compaint about the mess: "I don't give a damn about your problems", and to make sure there is no misunderstanding on that, they slammed the door shut right in front of our shocked faces. I don't know what other problems we would have to encounter if we had more patience and didn't move out promptly, but if one day I read in a local newspaper that the whole pathetic Carlisle development has collapsed, I wouldn't be very surprised.
5	The maintenance man is awesome. The AC went out and he came to fix it within 20 minutes. We had a leak under the sink and he was there again in less than 20 minutes. The office staff has always been helpful and nice. Great Community!
