4	As unique as it gets in our parts.  I had the carne asada tacos and the barbacua tacos, both on soft corn shells of course.  I was the only non-Spanish speaking patron in the joint at the time but ordering was not difficult.  Very tasty, clean, fresh, and cheap!
4	My search for the perfect torta continues...Heard a lot of talk about this place, so we went for lunch. Decor is cute, clean, colorful. Rainforest murals, lots of hanging flags. Service, awesome, language being no issue. Lunch specials hover at 5-6 bucks, combos 6.50. Comprehensive menu, 4-5 soups, fajitas, even saw oxtail on there. Lots of breakfast options, with no hourly limitations. 7 tortas to choose from.The one I wanted wasn't on there (huevos y queso) but special ordering it was no problem. It was out in a jiffy, and huuuuge. Huuuuge. I wish I'd stuck a quarter in the pic for scale - easily the size of both my hands, side by side, open. Eating it wasn't gonna happen without slicing it into fourths, which I did. I'd declared my love for jalapenos and was brought a small bowl of (methinks) homemade carrots and peppers, for fwee, which I ate like deli pickles. Yum.STILL not the sammich I'm searching for, but good. The bun tasted like a really good, really fresh hamburger bun, covered in sesame seeds. Instead of oaxaca, cheddar cheese found its way into my torta (sigh). Still, a tasty rendition. Huevos Rancheros - basically fried egg soup. No rice, so you're going to be wrapping what's hidden under that (tasty, tomato-y) pile of Ranchero sauce up in your tortillas, trying to eat the whole thing before it squeezes out onto your lap. Not the best thing to order if you're a messy eater and wearing white.Salsa is served warm. This was a first for both of us.Kitchen isn't that well ventilated, so if the smell of charring beef turns you off, you might want to get take out. All in all, delicioso! We'll be back.
4	It's a tragedy this place only has 3 reviews (4 now!) because it's solid. Don't be scared of new restaurants Charlotte! I know you may be worried about not knowing what you're ordering but it's ok, folks are usually friendly and will help!!!!Anyways, came in for a hangover breakfast and it did the trick. Got a taco, enchilada combo, will come back for more. This place is the real deal so step up your game Queen City folks.
3	Hmmm maybe an off day, my experience was not the same as others. I was on the hunt for Le's but the were closed so remembered this place was close by. Went in, sat down and the place reminded me of so many places on the side of the road between Tijuana and Ensenada, kinda beat up, kinda dirty ... but with the hope really tasty food... Ordered a beer, no beer... ok. Waitress doesn't speak English ok ... keeps the Mexico vibe going and my Spanish is passable. Dying for a really good Carne Asada Burrito, but notice they put the rice and beans in the Burrito Ala Chipotle ....hmmm not good or authentic. I ask  for the rice and beans on the side. While waiting I notice the health dept. score of 101.5 woohoo .. good sign, but then look around at the tattered streamers from the ceiling, and the fuzzy backing on the plastic table cloth(?)  looks like it was used to mop the floor .... So the "Burrito" arrives ... hmm rice on the side.. check, no beans ? and the tortilla is kinda flat ( little filling) and open on both ends ?I pick it up and am thoroughly unimpressed  beans inside, almost no meat, no avo, some lettuce maybe a few pieces of tomato and chopped onion. Because it was not folded and rolled most of what was inside fell out... In short not carne asada, not a burrito, and not tasty.
4	Ok I want to give this place 5 stars but I always get the same thing so it may not be fair. This is a real authentic Mexican restaurant from the music to the decor. Be prepared to be the only gringos and brush up on your espanol! The tortillas are hot and had made and the salsa is warm. The service is always friendly and hard working but communication can be a challenge. Honestly I enjoy the hand talking and gestures feels like I am on vacation. This is not 5 star Michelin cuisine but down home Mexican. The prices are cheap and the food is really good. Now andale to Allende!
4	Was a fan, still a fan and still eat here. Typical mexican restaurant. Broken english and damn good down home cooking. Tacos - uhmaaazing. Real tacos. tongue, carne, chicharron and corn tortillas.Enchiladas and other staples - was good, still goodCaldo De Res (beef stew) - My favorite. Excellent tomato, tart beef broth. Some kinda water plant squash, corn on the cob, potatoes and just damn good flavor.Oh and not to mention they are incredibly nice and affordable?
2	I wanted to like this place and based on the reviews honestly expected much more. I typically love *authentic* Mexican restaurants because of fresh ingredients and overall experience. I headed into Taqueria Allende for lunch and got their four taco plate; two beef and two shredded beef (maybe I should have diversified a bit). When my tacos came they looked good, were packed with some great looking traditional fixins but unfortunately that's where it ended. The beef tacos had an old musty flavor to them and the beef itself wasn't flavorful (beyond the unpleasant musty flavor) at all and was pretty dry. As for the shredded beef, eh, just as unfortunate tasting. The shredded beef wasn't as dry but the flavor still wasn't cutting it.My cousin got the torta which he described as one of the least favorite sandwiches he's had. The beef on the torta was the same as what was in my tacos and didn't have nearly the proper amount of beef compared to the size of the sandwich (waaaaay too much bread, no meat).All in all, an upsetting experience. There are bunch of other better restaurants in the area so I'd say try those and drive right past. As a disclaimer, I've only had what I've mentioned above. Typically if I'm going to give a place a negative review I at least give it a second shot but honestly couldn't bring myself to go back here when there are so many better options out there.
