5	Brown Motor Sports did an amazing job building the Mobile Visitor Center for the Copper Corridor Economic Development Coalition.  If you need something custom on wheels contact them. They helped us take a simple thought and make it fabulous.
1	Terrible service and no commitment to their product.  We had a custom trailer built and had issues with the hydraulics and design.  I was told they would handle it about 10 times!! Needless to say It is 2 years later and nothing has been done.  Every time I call they placate me and come up with a different story about suppliers or cash issues. Don't believe a word they say.  I would take my business somewhere else if I were you.
1	Please do not do business with Brown Motorsports.  Terrible communication and I never did get a trailer I paid for.  They also did not return my down payment of half on the trailer they were to build which was very expensive.  I would not do business with Brown Motor sports.  Go look at the bankruptcy filings in AZ and you'll get some insight into why.  This is not anyone you'll want to do business with.  Don't ever send them a down payment.
1	Fraud! Caution! Do not buy a trailer from Brown Motorsports they will take your money and not deliver a single thing! This business is obviously in the toilet and going down. Brian comes across as a nice guy but careful he will screw you with a smile on his face! We ordered a 28' custom trailer in June of 2014 and put down a deposit of 17000.00 for a 35,000.00 trailer. Brian committed to having it finished by October 2014 for the sand sports show in Anaheim CA, by the time this date came we learned Brian hadn't even started the trailer that he had promised us to pick up at the show! He then committed to having it done in three weeks and every 3 weeks after that until now. Our phone calls and emails are now going unanswered over the last couple months and here we are at the start of the following year and after numerous unfulfilled promises from Brian, we have no trailer and we are out 17kwhich we now will be forced to pursue legal action against Browns Motorsports / Cargo Tec. Brian Brown to recover. We did absolutely nothing wrong on this transaction and we were totally cool to this guy. He is full of crap, he will tell you anything you want to hear in order to get your deposit that he will run with! Unless you want to get screwed, I would look elsewhere for a custom built trailer. If you have also been taken by this company please message me if you would like to be included in the lawsuit and criminal fraud charges against them.
