1	There are two Subways in Anthem.  Everybody told me the other one was better.  I went anyway and wow, what a shock.  After the first person put on 4 turkey slices and then 4 ham slices on the next person took 2 slices off of each one and told the first not to put on so much meat.  Sandwiches of the day don't get as much meat.  She did that right in front of me.  Not a very good value for the money.  The next day I went to the other Subway and they built a better sandwich.
1	The kids that work here are extremely unsanitary.. They are rude and just plain don't care.  To be honest I love subway but this store is gross. The owner needs to fire the kids working here. Lets be real, making a sub is not rocket science. The other subway in town is 1000 times better. I'm still pissed that the kids knowningly gave me really old bread that I only discovered when I got home. I had to throw the subs in the trash. I was afraid I would get sick. Punk kids wasted $10 that I work hard for. Never again will I go here.
1	Poor service in the morning for breakfast. Never again
5	Great Store and staff..  Love this store..
1	I'm only leaving one star because I have to, but I have gave this store several chances and they continue to disappoint. The customer service when I come in the morning is atrocious. I ask for my egg sand which needs to be toasted because it's cold, and the woman just stares at me with a "Are you kidding me look" , then she just throws the veggies everywhere on my sand which and tries to rush me out of the door. Did I forget to mention that I had wait there over 5 minutes before she even came out?!?!? I will just go to another subway . Thanks!!!
1	Where to begin with this embarrassment of a food chain. Before starting, let me just say my expectations are not set high as if it's any other fast food place (del taco, McDonald's,  ect.). I expect the workers to typically be a high school student with a bad attitude. That being said they've somehow managed to lower the bar. They're reliable for bad service, screwing up your order & being easily overwhelemed. Recently they have gave away an order to the wrong person of the lady in front of me. They made her get back in line and start over and she still had to pay seeing the person in front of her got away with a free meal! They have screwed up countlessly, for example my brother got a subway MELT & because he requested the bread to not be toasted the sandwich was cold, meaning NO melted cheese & the bacon was RAW. I mean unthinkable situations they make possible. & if you dare order toppings they scarcely clump each selection on one area of the sandwich. Common knowledge of making a sandwich is easily overlooked. Avoid this location at all costs. No matter how many workers or managers this place goes thru they will never get it together. As noted, I'm not requiring a gourmet meal and over the top exceptional service. I don't imagine working at subway is the highlight of anyone's career or reason to get up in the morning but it is your paycheck so a little effort won't hurt. Sad other restaraunts in anthem seem to close down but a disappointment like this sticks around with multiple locations just minutes away with much better service. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place no matter what!
5	Their veggies are always really fresh. They have a great day crew that always gets my order done fast during the lunch rush. My bread is always fresher and the rest of the subways and they usually make the cookies fresh every day. By far the best Subway in anthem!
