4	I disagree with the one star reviews - I think they might be coming from a competitor.  I read the reviews prior to coming here, so I didn't expect too much.  The actual place used to be a few different businesses, so perhaps the location is no good in the long run.  I wouldn't call the area a broken down strip mall by any means.  The atmosphere is not bad at all, and the place was crowded.  It's like an upscale sports bar mixed with a pizza parlor and a gelato place.  They have as many TVs as they can fit on the perimeter, a full bar, a gelato display, and restaurant seating.  I spoke to the owner and he was very nice to me, the service was ok, but it was because they were so busy because the place was packed.  The pizza was delicious, and it was very unique style.  It's thin crust, and quite tasty, I got 2 pizzas - one with large slices of sausage, mozzarella and ricotta, which was awesome, and one with sliced mozzarella, tomatoes, topped with ricotta.  I will be going back, though I do think that the pizza may be slightly over-priced, but worth it - it's not the normal everyday pizza.
5	I am giving this restaurant five stars only because you can't give them more!  I agree that Samantha M. MUST BE someone with an axe to grind.  This was perfect New York Style thin-crust pizza.  My favorite pizza restaurant in town is Settebello, which is authentic Italian (Napoli) pizza, and this is NOT THAT, it is New York style and excellent for that! The sauce was fresh tasting, the pizza beautifully thin and the right combination of crunchy-chewy.  A small is perfect for two.  Stella Artois beer on tap, which I had when I worked a summer in Belgium, was so wonderful with the pizza.  22 flat panel televisions around the room, silent with subtitles, we watched the Food Channel, President's Cup, Barrett-Jackson Car Auction (where we had come from -(who wants to eat at a convention event off the chafing tables and snack bar?) it was a lot of fun.  Red and white tablecloths, pizza served on those little wire towers so there's room left on the table.  Nice, nice ambiance, lots of celeb pictures and memorabillia.  But I saved the best for last - and which is actually the first thing you see in the door - is this GORGEOUS display of about 30 (guessing) varieties of incredible gelato, tastes definitely encouraged - we loved our taste samples of snickers bar gelato and pistachio gelato, we had creme brulee gelato (with little pieces of carmelized sugar in it) and this fantastic chocolate truffle mouse gelato - very very very good.  The only thing I didn't like about it was that it is so far from our home (Flamingo and Eastern), so it's quite a schlep down the 215 to get there (not from Mandalay Bay, though, which was why we decided to go there from the auction).  We will definitely find reasons to be back in that area.  They are doing a lot of street construction so it's a little hard to get to - located between Tropicana and Flamingo on Durango.  Lots of families there, so I challenge the "pricey" charge made by Samantha, nowadays everything is expensive, so she should go back to the 39cent tacos and leave the reviewing to people with some taste and objectivity.  Oh, and the employees were sweet, and helpful, and the service was GREAT!!!
5	Great service and tasty wood fired pizza!  My family and I went here on Halloween night watched the first half of the World Series and ate the most spectacular Hawaiian pizza ever! Tasty Canadian bacon and pineapple melted in my mouth as my son had the Cheese pizza. We started out with the garlic bread and before we barely dug into that the pizza was already coming out! Our service was so great we tipped 20% on our check. We will definitely be going back here for some great tasting pizza and some beers in the future. They also do have outdoor seating if you like that in the afternoons.
4	Fun resturant with great fire oven pizza that is definitely in the top 5 of all the fire oven pizza places in town. Fresh made gelato and plenty of bar space w/plasma tv's everywhere make Ciao Ciao a great place to eat or even just drink
4	i finally hit what i'll call my semi-neighborhood pizza joint ( there ain't much in mountains edge ! ) I was surprised to see it wasn't set up as a video poker/bar/food spot, i was surprised to see an Italian place a few doors down, i was surprised top see it wasn't an Italian restaurant but was in fact a pizza joint ( with some apps, sammies, but no pasta and of course the GELATO ) gf ordered the veggie pizza, i went with the meatlovers - place ain't cheap $16-$17. We also started with the calamari - the server assured us everything in the restaurant was fresh - nothing frozen. The calamari was decent but i admit, i still prefer tartar sauce over marinara. decent serving for $8. The pizza - mine was good, gf's - well, i just can't comment on it since i'm not a believer in a veggie pizza - you want veggies buy a salad ! ( then again, if you want meat - BUY A STEAK ! ) Some details about mine - it had meatball ( sliced - i couldn't taste it ) , pepperoni - nice sized slices - and since i asked for a little extra crisp, the pepperoni curled up and crispy on the edges - great taste ! the sausage - also cut in thin slices - decent but the pepperoni stole the show. the pizza takes a slight turn for the worse with the peppers and onions - the flavors were good but you had to work fast before the crust started to soften. The great thing since we were only able to eat 2 slices off the pizza ( the calamari filled us up ) the next morning the pizza wasn't soggy and it tasted better - the flavors melded much better ( still believe the true test of pizza and pasta is the 2nd day, not the first day - at least to the flavor ) and geez - they got tv-o-plenty in this joint !pics added
5	Loved this place.  It's cheery, warm, unpretensious, the pizza is way less expensive than my neighboorhood ordinary pizza and it's absolutely gourmet with top ingredients and that fire flaming is the best!My family and I drive out of our way to go here, since discovering it!
5	As the annoying Rachel Ray would say "YUMM-O"This is by far the best pizza I have had in Vegas...While Metro Pizza and Joe's are close, I am officially addicted. I've been here twice. The first time I was a lil' well, how do you say...lacking memory skills, yes that's it. Anyhoo, I did remember the one slice of pizza my friend forced me to eat, to regain normalcy with the rest of society. So, another trip was made, a sober one at that. Ordered the chopped salad, delicious--Romaine, avocado, artichokes, garbanzo beans and salami with a balsamic dressing. Our neighbors at the bar ordered a traditional pepperoni pizza, so my friend and I replicated and ordered the same thing. The pizza is awesome, fire oven and thin crust with HUGE pepperonis. I can't wait to try some of their specialty pizzas--meatlovers, 5 cheese, vegetarian, and the white pizza. If I had saved any room, but apparently I love beer too much, I would've had some of their gelato. It looked like they had a large variety of flavors.This place is also great for watching sports. 25 TV's line the restaurant, it can't get any better than that right? Well, lucky for you gents you have one in the bathroom. The bar has a few beers on tap...from what I can remember--Stella, Peroni, Coors Light, Bud Light, and about 4 others.  Oh, and they also added pasta onto the menu and they now deliver within a 5 mile radius!!! Whoo! I made the cut off by .2 miles.
5	With only 24 hours in Vegas, we didn't have time to mess around trying pizza after pizza, our food of choice. (Although we normally would!) Found this place by reading other Yelps.  We loved the fact that this appeared to be a local place, not a tourist destination. That certainly influenced our decision to dine here.We were greeted and seated immediately upon entering. Jennifer, our server, came over promptly and welcomed us. We decided to order a bottle of wine with our meal since we had plenty of time to linger. The small wine list was reasonably priced, and we selected a decent Chianti. Onion rings???!!!  Well, they are in our top 5 foods, so we had to try them. They *rocked* our world. See my photo! Very large portion, too.Feeling slightly guilty, we then ordered the Mediterranean salad. Jennifer clued us in that they are quite large portions, so we ordered a small one and split it. They automatically brought us large plates and tongs so we could serve ourselves from the bowl. Very nice. The dressing was good and not over-applied. Another winner.Next up: Margherita Pizza! Slight charring, flavorful fairly thin crust, nicely spiced and herbed sauce, fresh mozzarella. Heaven on a metal pizza platter! One word of caution: when they say a "large" pizza, they mean it. We would ordinarily order a Margherita to start and then something else, but what with already having consumed all the onion rings and salad, we only ate half the pizza. (Not to worry, it made a super great breakfast at the hotel this morning!)OK, so even though we were really full, we couldn't resist dessert. My husband ordered an espresso and the cannoli. I finally narrowed it down to the creme brulee gelato, as creme brulee is one of my all-time favorites.  YUM!  We managed to nearly finish both of them.Oh! And while we were having dessert, an on-the-house taste of the two house favorite gelatos, Bananas Foster and Italian Pistachio, were brought to our table. Excellent. If only I had more room!!We just loved this place. We both sighed wishing we could come back soon and try other pizzas, and wondering how we could transport the entire place home with us to Austin.
4	5 Stars for the Food & atmosphere, Service-- I really should knock 2 stars off but we were SO happy with the rest of our experience that I decided to only take away only 1 Star, I'm still in a happy mood with the yummies in my tummy! *Caprese Eggplant Salad *Meatballs and Ricotta Pizza *Linguine & Clams in White Sauce *Banana Fosters Gelato We arrive in the parking lot and it was PACKED. Very quiet little strip mall, they play music right outside of the restaurant, seems like they try to lure you with the smell of the yummy food and music. You walk in and one of the first things that I see is the gelato, presentation is really nice, gorgeous little sugar creations sitting on top of the gelato! The brick wall, photos of movie/sports stars plastered all over the walls, tvs everywhere, even in the restrooms! Ciao Ciao made me feel like I was in a Pizza place back east or midwest! I love the nostalgic feeling you get when you're here, ahhh, yes, I love it. NOTE: Ladies, go into the restroom with Madonna on the door and Guys, The Terminator is on your door! lol FOOD- there's nothing we did NOT like. We loved it all! From beginning to end. Quality, quality, quality. ATMOSPHERE- I LOVE IT! They have a quaint bar area as well! SERVICE- Needs some improvement. Although it was not horrible, it was very SLOW. We weren't greeted right away. The table seated next to us, arrive about 5-10 mins after us but some how got their drinks and food before us... And they had the same server? And I don't understand how the pasta came after the WOOD FIRE pizza? FUTURE- Yes, we will be returning, repeatedly. The husband and I said a few times in the night "I think we found our new spot!"
2	Oops, I thought I was writing a review for a glue company, not a pizza parlor. The white pizza with tomato just looked like glue and tasted like glue. I know white pizza wouldn't exactly be the most appetizing thing, but this was awful. One of our coworkers declared it as the worst white pizza they ever had. Don't put it on the menu if it sucks, I don't care if you want to be a pizza place that caterers to everyone, this place is doing a disservice by allowing such a poor product on the menu. AWFUL! AWFUL! AWFUL!The clams in the linguine was really small  that you almost need a microscope to see them. Of course, it came with half the container filled with oil, yum.But to keep this review balance and what saved it from getting a 1 star was the mushroom parmesan pizza that our other party got was delicious. Would I come back here? Probably not. But if I was going to, I would pick something else other than the white pizza.
4	This place is pretty darn cool. The food is very good and there are flat panel TVs everywhere you look.I ordered the Meatball Parmesan sandwich and it rocks. The pasta salad that came on the side was bland, but I was more interested in the sandwich. You can get curly fries instead (and that is actually a much better choice).The downside is the iffy service. I'm hoping it was just the guy who served us, but he just couldn't get things straight. Fortunately, the service isn't horrible and the food more than makes up for it.
3	I've tried this place twice. They have great service, good salads and delicious gelato . I had the margherita pizza and found it a bit soggy and was disappointed to see they use too much sauce instead of chopped tomatoes.
5	OUTSTANDING!!! Wifey and I went here last night for a pizza dinner and we're really glad we did! It was a bit on the busy side and a little loud but we don't mind and it was a Friday night, it still only took 10 mintutes to make our pizza.Neat little place with tons of stuff on the walls to look at including lots of TVs if you're into that. They have a bar and a small gelato counter that looks a bit like 31 flavors, only they have about 12.We ordered the large NY pizza with mushrooms, basil and riccota cheese and it was absolutely the best pizza we've had in Las Vegas! It's not too far from us which really makes it nice and I guarantee we'll be return customers... now we're on a mission to try out a few more of the top rated pizza joints in Vegas and we'll post reviews on those too :)And they also gave us a free sampler of different gelato flavors after out meal which was a fun and tasty surprise!
5	Got CC for take out the other night... the pizza was still the best I've had in LV, however, by the time I got it home it was a little too soft and not quite as hot as I'd like. Is that CC's fault? Nope, but I definitely recommend eating at the restaurant, I know we will be :)
2	You know I was going to give this place 3 stars but the only thing I think of when I think of this pizza place is "meh". Boyfriend took me here last night for our 6-month anniversary of our first date (aww) that happened to be a different Italian place the first time so I guess he's going with a theme :) Unfortunately I was not all that pleased by the food. We ordered a large five cheese pizza. Now I know this is supposed to be thin crust pizza, but when they put so much cheese on this thing that it becomes a soggy mess that you literally cannot pick up, that is a problem. I had to use a knife and fork for half of it, and it was actually kind of disgusting as you are literally just swallowing gobs of greasy cheese. The mix of cheeses on there wasn't necessarily appetizing either as one in particular had a really creamy texture that just did not seem to belong. If you're going to do a five cheese pizza, make sure the damn crust can hold what you're putting on it and make it with cheeses that are gooey and stringy, not creamier than warm butter. Ick. Oh, and $19 for a cheese pizza with no toppings? Rip-off.The gelato we got for dessert was a different story. I would come here for dessert more than pizza. The presentation was beautiful and the four bites I got (EAT SLOWER, MATT! :D) were delicious. They even brought us a small 5-gelato sampler before we ordered to see what we would like. We got a 2 scoop mix of white chocolate strawberry cheesecake and cookies and cream. Yum! This place looks really nice. It's bright, has flat screens along the entire length of the place and they have lots of memorabilia around - old school pizza parlor meets high-tech. The customer service was decent, the gelato was delicious, but the pizza - yikes. Matt loved it, I hated it. If I'm going to spend $19 freakin' dollars on a pizza it better be huge with at least 5 toppings (other than the cheese!) and not fall apart. This place is not somewhere I think I would frequent unless it was for dessert alone.UPDATE: I don't give a shit what Matt says, I'm not coming back here even if he's paying. I'll wait in the car with gelato to-go. New York boy or not, the pizza sucked.
4	It doesn't look like much from the outside, but this is a really cool pizza place. The inside looks like an old school pizzeria with the checkered tablecloths and brick walls. As soon as I stepped out of my car in the parking lot I could smell the pizza. And this place doesn't disappoint with the taste of it. I'm no pizza expert, especially when it comes to NY pizza, but the two pies we got for takeout were excellent. The NY street-style pizza was great and so was the meat lovers pizza, which had a huge amount of pepperoni, sausage, meatballs on top of some veggies. It was topped off with fresh ricotta. The whole thing looked amazing and tasted even better.Their gelato is so delicious. You should never leave without getting some. We tried the bananas foster cheesecake, chocolate mousse, and raspberry gelato. All were incredibly rich and creamy. Their small size is a little over $3 and the mid-size is about $5. This place isn't cheap, but the food is excellent. You can eat there or call for take-out or delivery ($3 additional charge for delivery).
4	Went here on my way back from a long wait at the DMV. Pleasantly surprised. Really good service and fabulous pizza. I can't remember the name of my pizza but it had white sauce and meatballs and was super yummy!
4	pizza is pizza right? wrong! this place is a super cool sports bar/italian restaurant/gelato bar/FUN! I went for my first time a few days ago and ordered the 'Eggplant Parmesan Mozzarella Pizza'. Man was it freaking De-Li-Ci-ouS! My friend and I shared a large (18 inches) and because the pizza was generously topped with deep friend eggplant and mozzarella cheese, we were only able to finish one slice each. Our server was Anthony and he was amazing! Not only was he friendly, welcoming, funny, knowledgeable, and attentive when needed, he really made my first experience a memorable one.Our dinner ended with a few samples from their gelato bar. We were introduced to 5 sorbets and gelatos that topped off the experience and left us full. In the end, we enjoyed an 18' pizza, had tons of left overs, two iced teas, great service, and five delicious samples of yummy frozen goodness, and all for $25.
4	When we visit my mother in law on the weekends, sometimes we order take out from Ciao Ciao.  Their pizzas are huge, delicious and very satisfying.  Any franchised pizza chain cannot touch this place. :)My favorites are: The Margherita, meatballs and ricotta, and the white cheese and tomato pizzas! :)
1	We went there for lunch to celebrate my sons 5th birthday and by dinner time we were all sick with food poisoning. I don't know how a cheese pizza can have something so wring with it that we were all sooooo sick, but that worries me.
5	OK I'm getting straight to the point Ciao Ciao's is as good as it gets.  This pizza joint leaves you 100% completely satisfied in every aspect of your dinning experience.  The ambiance is fun and unpretentious, the service is friendly and helpful, and last but not least the food was absolutely amazing.  Ciao Ciao's has earned my loyalty. I will only eat pizza here from now on, and considering I live 13 miles away from Ciao Ciao's that's saying a lot. Now how do I even begin to describe the one delicious brick oven fired rich meaty concoction that will forever plague me with an eternal raging hunger erection. How can words even do justice in accurately portraying the rich creamy clouds of ricotta cheese, the carnivorous festival of pepperoni, sausage, and meatballs layered about providing you with a new and exciting flavor combination with every single bite. The fact of the matter is, that I can't. I can't begin to describe how truly good this pizza really is. The only thing you can do is experience it for yourself. Drop whatever it is that you are doing right now.  Go to Ciao Ciao, order a pie, and insert it into that large flapping hole in your face with the lips and teeth and go ....MMMMMMM.Ciao Ciao is the best place to get pizza in Las Vegas period.
4	We are regulars here at this joint for the following reasons:27 flat screenshubby likes the pepperoni/mushrooms/olive pizzame - the caprese eggplant parmesan salad and chicken wingsmy favorite tiramisu gelato is to die for!and did I say 27 flat screens??It's a great place and almost every other week, I just go there for the gelato...
2	I really want to like this place more, and give it a better rating... but it's a pizza place... and the rating should be mostly for the pizza right?  The restaurant itself is nice, great set up with all the TVs... would be a great place to watch football (especially if the pizza were better).  The salads and side dishes I've had there are good, and well priced.  The gelato in like 15 different flavors is definitely good.  But bottom line... I think the pizza sucks.  The toppings are pretty good and seem like good quality... but the crust really leaves a lot to be desired.  It's too chewy, bland, and just not good.  It gets really soggy under the toppings...  and I'm not saying after a while... or when you get it delivered.... I'm saying it's that way right when you get it served.  Not good...  I'd rather get a pizza from Pizza Hut or Dominoes to tell you the truth, especially considering they're way cheaper.  I have some friends that really love this place... although I have no idea why.  I'd go again (I've actually been 3 times) but with the plan on eating mostly things that aren't pizza.
4	Great family restaurant with specialty pizza cooked in a wood fired oven by Chef Enzo himself! Chef Enzo can often be seen behind the counter overseeing the kitchen operations. I have only ordered take-out from Ciao Ciao but the food and service has always been excellent. The atmosphere is great with movie, music and sports memorabilia decor Everyone is always friendly.This place also has hand-scooped gelato too which is really good. Its a better pizza if your looking for something other than Pizza Hut.
3	We sat down on the bar side and was impressed by all the TV screens on every piece of wall area, along with the celebrity photos and memorabilia. It's a nicely designed and decorated pizza restaurant. The service is excellent! Our server was friendly, informative, attentive but not overly, and he was great at upselling. We had the calamari which is fried in olive oil only. We were told they have a fryer with olive oil dedicated to frying calamari. Calamari was larger and meatier than what I'm used to which was a pleasant surprise. Batter was light and crisp. Would come back for this... The clam pizza had slices of some kind of hard cheese (maybe Asiago or Romano) which made it really salty. I could have done without that. Being that was the first time I had white pizza, I don't think I would order it again; I'm a fan of tomatoes We also had the Bufala Margherita which was good. I think the Bufala on the pizza changes the texture to be chewy and recommend ordering just the regular even though there are better benefits to having the Buffalo (there is a reference card they give you that tells you how it is lower in cholesterol, fat, and sodium and higher in protein and calcium - I was amazed at that card, my first time seeing it) At the end of dinner they give you a tasting of their gelatos. Great idea, as I tasted the Strawberry White Chocolate Cheesecake and had to get it - there were strawberries in it, so it was a fruit based dessert right?! I really wanted to like it but I prefer Setto Bello better. I will come back for the gelato and calamari.
3	I love the pepperoni pizza here. But the service has been terrible everytime I have ever been here. They have not once brought the correct foods at the correct time. The appetizer arrives with dinner, they forget the garlic bread, no one ever asks if you want another drink. I have been here at least 6 times and always leave aggravated. I even talked to the manager who barely says he is sorry. There are far too many places to put up with this. Good luck to them.
4	I have been here a few times, and the only hiccup this place ever had with me was they accidentally brought out the wrong size pizza.  Let's start with the decor it's dim which I always like.  There is ton's of mobster and rock band memorabilia on the walls.  If I had a den this is what I would like it too look like.  There is a bunch of  T.V.'s playing a variety of things mostly sports.   Unfortunately I haven't had a chance to sit at the bar and have a few, but I look forward too it.The food is real good.  I really like the house salad the small could actually feed two.  Now the pie's Like any other place they have a wide range of toppings.  But what most places don't have is the option for New York style which is shredded Mozzarella and the Neapolitan style which is whole slices of Mozzarella.  I like both so I tend to go with a few people so we can get both.  If your in the mood for something different instead of the normal pep or sausage pizza's try the Kalamata Olive and Artichoke combo it is excellent.  My only gripe about the pie's here are they are a bit watery not at the crust but at the tip.  Other than that it's really good.  Also another plus about this place is they give you sample's of Gelato so you know what your getting before you try.  The staff is great as well.
5	The food was so delicious! We ordered 5 pasta dishes and I large pizza! The service was even better! We all left full and happy and don't leave without trying the gelato.
5	This place is great! Awesome atmosphere and good food. Their pizza has been spot on each time. Personally I like their buffalo mozzarella pizza but the bbq chicken was good too. Don't leave without eating the tiramisu though. The only other time I had tiramisu that good was on Rome itself. Highly recommend!!
5	Sad, Sad, Sad. . . . . Visited Ciao Ciao Pizza on 11/27/10 and they were closed/out of business.  Note on the door had said that they may be back someday.They deserve success, had great pizza, and I wish that they will return soon.
5	It's closed....permanently :/
1	GLAD THEY CLOSED!  After frequently supporting their establishment and spending my money, the manager had the nerve to ask us, in the middle of the summer, not to wear tanks and muscle shirts because it's a "family establishment"... I'm just sorry they didn't burn down... couldn't even get a delivery right...
5	This was one of the best Pizza joints in Vegas in all of the forty plus years that I have lived here. Does anyone know if they have opened up another place with another name?
3	As soon as jeff the manager quit this place collapsed!
4	Ciao Ciao, you are missed.  GREAT pizza, fun environment, NY-featured sports but all games were shown, and finish off the eve with delicious house-made gelato.My favorite pizza was the meatball...absolutely AWESOME.
