3	We often stop here Wednesday nights for their burger night. They have a lengthy list of burgers. I've had the breakfast burger which has ham, egg, cheddar cheese, chipotle mayo and a flipping hashbrown! I've also ordered the texas burger which has bacon, cheddar cheese, honey bbq sauce & a giant onion ring). The burgers come with fries & pickle. It's reasonably priced and on Wednesday its $3 for a tasty, unique burger & fries (+ a pickle) from 4-10pm. It starts getting pretty busy on Weds after 6 but the wait is not too bad.. less than 10 minutes.You can also get their rewards card. Once you've tried every burger, your name goes on their board. You may also get a tshirt... I cant remember the exact words in the menu at this moment.. sorry! ALL DRAFTS are $3 as well on Wednesdays! (6-10)One thing though, I wish they'd have more than 1 server. Goodness that poor server always looks crazy busy. It doesnt lack at all.. They've always kept up on refills or napkins, but then when you do need something you just feel bad for asking. We'll be back
4	A few friends and myself decided to spend a Monday evening here drinking brews and playing pool.  I must say, the bartender actually made the experience as he was hilarious and extremely attentive.  They had a nice selection of brews; however, some were dried-up, but the prices were solid (as far as craft beers go).  The best part was that they allowed us to get a pizza delivered there since the kitchen was closed.  It was a wonderful touch to sip on a few craft beers and eat some delicious Southside pizza.  I must say, it made the whole bar experience that much better.  On another note, they have a pretty solid pool table for a bar on East Carson.  Overall, if you are looking for a low-key night filled with a couple of beers and a few games of pool, Copper Tops is your place!
4	Not a bad bar at all. Glad it is so close to me because their beer selection is damn good. Only had one burger so far, which was ok. Probably would just stick to apps. I will definitely be going back.
1	Poor service. Bar staff was inattentive. Waited 30 mins for food when we were the ONLY customers in the joint. Food was moderately priced but skimpy and underwhelming. The ShockTop and the Redds ale was delicious....and in a bottle.
4	Wednesday nights are $3 burger and draft nights and it's easily one of the best deals in South Side. Expect a long wait (30-45 min) if your arrive during peak times. Both the draft list and the burger board offer a ton of selections and lots of craft beers, so it's definitely worth the wait.
1	We used to come here for burger night cause you really can't beat the price! We *used* to come and deal with the one server and slow service until I got violently ill after eating here. I won't get graphic but I needed a bucket and a toilet to survive my night. So awful. My food came out cold the time I got sick (red flag! I should have spoken up!) And I paid much more than $3 for my burger. We haven't been back since.
5	I don't know why everyone complains about the service! I've never had bad service at this place before. I also go pretty early in the evening, though. But of course if you go during their peak time, they're bound to be busy!Anyway, they have burgers for $3 on Wednesdays, and the burgers are to die for. Very, very good. The food menu is pretty massive (almost out of control, ha), but it's nice to have so many options, I guess.Everyone there is so friendly and attentive. The best time to go is about 5 or so, when they aren't too busy yet.
