1	Saw all the commercials and thought I'd try it.  HORRIBLE!  I had the chicken taco which should be hard to mess up but boy did they.  The taco was so greasy and the chicken was chewy.  The "toppings" were not good and after eating it I felt sick.  I have never returned to a Del Taco anywhere else and do not plan to.  I had to give it a star so I can post but otherwise I would not give it anything.
4	Wanted to give this place 5 stars to manipulate the average rating into being a bit higher. Couldn't live with myself.It's nothing special in and of itself. The parking lot is a bit awkward to enter if you're traveling west on Sunset because you have to circle around almost back to the street. The seating is awkwardly designed as compared to other locations. I figure they probably inherited this place from somebody else. Also, the interior was renovated a few months ago and they do have sufficient service and condiments and whatnot.I definitely don't mind stopping by here every so often because it's a convenient lunch spot.
5	I don't care if Del taco is just a fast food joint.  This is one of my favorite restaurants and one of those places that just makes me feel like I'm home.  Yes the service usually sucks, and yes about 30% of the time they screw up my order, but as long as the fries are hot, everything is ok.
1	I like Del Taco for a quick bite to eat, I usually go to the drive thru at the one by my work on Maryland/Tropicana which there is friendly and competent staff. This one is on my way home so thought I would grab a quick burrito, the woman at the window was so bad I just left, but I gave it one more try yesterday on my way home, I specifically asked for an item when I got home it was left out, so I will not be back. They need to hire competent people, maybe high school students, I'm sure they would do a better job. I will not return even if they say the 3rd time is a charm NOT when it comes to what I'm going to eat :/
1	honestly worst fast food place out there, if I could give this place a 0 star I would. yeah it may be "real Mexican" but it's absolute trash. I asked for cheese fries, and what they gave me were terrible soggy fries with cold shredded cheese, I was so displeased that I 1.) paid over $4 for them. but 2.) that when I tried to return them, the manager gave me sass and replied "umm we Dom have a microwave" because I wanted them melted. so unprofessional and will never be returning to any del taco again.
