5	This place is great!! I love going here to get massages.  This place has great hours; open early to late so I can get always get a time in.  I'm never had an issue with getting an appointment.  I see Wendy and she is amazing.  She knows when to put pressure and when to lay off so you never feel any pain or too much pressure.  The prices are very reasonable.  I do 80 mins for $79.  That's one of the best deals in massages I've ever seen.  I've been to places where they charge more for a 60 min.  The location is very clean and nicely decorated.  Highly recommend to anyone looking for a massage.They also offer facials, and other typical spa treatments, but I've only gotten massages.
3	Tried the 95 minute deep tissue massage with the new client discount (95 minutes for the price of 65 minutes).  It seemed like my masseuse used the 95 minutes to go slower at what a regular 60 minute massage would cover than to work on problem areas (upper back, neck, shoulders), despite my mention at the beginning that I have a lot of tension in those areas from working out and from my job.  She did mention that there were some knots to work out in my back, but she didn't make a lot of effort or put a lot of time to work the knots out.  As a result, my shoulders and back are still yearning for knots to be massaged out.  I went with a friend who had Anya, who said she was very knowledgeable and had very good suggestions on preventing further tension, so if I go here again I would probably request Anya.  The new client discount is a very good deal, since my 95 minute massage ended up costing only $79, and if you bring a friend next time you come in, you and your friend both get an extra 30 minutes free to your massage.
5	I've been coming here pretty regularly for over 6 months now and I love it. The therapists are all very good and very professional, always making me feel comfortable and relaxed. I would highly recommend this place!  My favorite therapists are Sari, Kristina and Rebecca. They're all awesome!  When I had severe neck soreness the deep tissue massages I received really helped a lot and I've tried to keep going back regularly because I feel so much better and have less pain and soreness when I go regularly.
4	Tried another massage, this time with Anya.  They have weekday specials, and the Friday special is an extra 15 minutes free with any massage.  The deep tissue massage was very good, and included aromatherapy and a heated pad to relax the muscles before Anya started working out knots.  Upgrade 1 star!
5	I have been going to the same massage therapist for over a year now. Recently she moved to this spa and I have to say, I am thrilled because it is practically in my backyard! The spa is quiet and calming. And the tables are warmed and padded....makes you want to just drift off into happy land! If you go, ask for Katibelle, for the massage of a lifetime!
5	Mia is amazing! I was really impressed by her serious expertise and will definitely be back to see her specifically. D-Stress Zone has never let me down. Although I'm not a regular due to the distance from my home and work, I know I can call them and get a great therapist, aesthetician, whatever. :)
1	More like stress zone. I came here for my 19th birthday with my girlfriend in October,  we got facials and a 1 hr massage. Cost well over 300 dollars. We paid by credit card and they called us 3 hours later telling us it did not go through and threatened to call the cops! They probably thought I was dipping them...I apologized and went back immediately. Turns out they charged my card 2x!! I ended up getting my extra they took from me and no apology on their side. It's a very old building And the blankets are like hospital blankets but older. I will never come back here. Honestly, go to a four seasons hotel and it actually cost less with  a steam room and a beautiful built building. I will never ever ever come back here. Horrible experience for my birthday. Plus, now that I think of it they should have given me a special cause it was my birthday the day I went. I would give it zero stars if I could.
