5	This place has Dairy Queen AND Orange Juilus at one location. How great is that? The place is very clean and new with a great staff. Most of the time when you go to Dairy Queen you get slow service from the one or two people trying to run the place, but not here. The prices are standard prices for Dairy Queen and Orange Julius as they are both national chains. This location has a dirve through for the desert hound on the go. I recommend it very much and hope they are here to stay.
2	The place was dead, but the dining area was a mess.  The few staff members I saw were clearly not interested in their jobs.
1	Wasted more than 20 minutes waiting in the drive-thru. When we got our order, the ice cream cones were already melting and there was a BUG (gross) in our mini blizzard when we took the lid off. We decided not to return and get our money back because we didn't want to waste even one more second there. Everything went into the garbage and we went to another ice shoppe.
5	Went in late on a saturday night the drive through was pretty backed up, so i went inside expecting a long wait. I ordered a small snickers blizzard and had it in just a few minutes. pretty happy with this location. its nice when management in any establishment makes sure that there is enough staff to handle service when things get busy. very impressed.
1	This Dairy Queen does not participate in any of the groupon , national ads etc. the don't care about Customer service. Their answer to not accepting any groupons is because they lose money when they over price all their items.  Not worth going to this location and supporting a local place when they don't care about this local community and just lining their pockets
2	Make sure you ask for extra toppings in your blizzard. If not, the bottom 1/3 will only be ice cream. Even after asking for extra candy the chances are it will still be very light compared to other dairy queens. Unfortunately this is the only DQ close to me otherwise I would definitely choose a different location.
3	Walking distance from home, so this place my family frequent. Hit and miss, sometimes place is a little messy, food trail on tables, sometimes it's clean. What I like, although there's note that they don't guarantee allergy free, when I told my son had nut allergy, they took the time to clean the equipment and accomodate. It took longer for order to be ready, but never had an accident.
1	Customer service is a huge thing for us. They close at 10 PM but we went in at 9:45 and was told sorry everything is already closed down we can't make anything. Why in the world would you close your restaurant 15 minutes before your actual closing time and tell paying customers that you can't do anything for them.
4	Only been through the drive thru, but the window servers always have been very courteous and attentive. There was one time towards the end of the night where the girl clearly wanted me out of her way as soon as possible so she could socialize, talking about her coworker who was about to "throw up", but I feel it's wrong to judge all my experiences based off one less than satisfying trip!I would be prepared to ask for extra toppings in the blizzard, since they tend to skimp.
