4	Although they are still working on the remodel, we got a new Delano room. Very clean and modern!
4	I received a complimentary free night at Mandalay Bay and since I'm a Gold member I was able to be upgraded to THEhotel.  When I arrived at check in, they informed me I was able to stay in the newly remodeled DELANO Las Vegas rooms.  I was super excited. Although it was a $30 upgrade, I had to do it!  Downstairs is covered in fake walls at the moment as they are doing construction while THEhotel remains open for business. The cafe is closed, lobby shop is closed so you have to venture off to Mandalay Bay for everything basically. As I ventured up to my room the hallways haven't changed too much.  New carpeting and some fresh paint, so far.... Not too impressed.  Room keys are modern, like Aria.... Just put the key up to the door and it unlocks. So simple.  As you walk into the room, that's when you notice DELANO.  The rooms are very white, so white you are afraid to sit or use anything. The entry-way bathroom got a mini facelift with new wallpaper, that's pretty much it. The living room on the other hand has earthy-toned carpeting, modern desk with an ergonomic chair, a couch that didn't look to comfy and a leather chair with mini side table.  The mini bar didn't change at all, same marble same paint..... Same with the bathroom. With the exception of the fancy bath amenities (So fancy that a regular bottle of this stuff in NYC is like $30!) NOTHING is different in the bathrooms. The bedroom was stark white with a beautiful leather headboard.  The beds were comfy, but I don't think they really replaced the beds either.  It's a shame, because although the beds are not horrible, they could have replaced them with a more luxurious bed (Wynn/Aria). The pillows were brand new however.... I know this because they were so overstuffed that they were like rocks. When I had mentioned this upon check-out the front desk agent said they were aware of this problem because people had already complained about this issue.  Not the best first impression.  They should make sure that everything is 100%, especially if they are going to make these rooms available 3 months before launching DELANO.  Overall, I loved the modern South Beach feel of the rooms.  I think they could have done a little more to the bathroom to differentiate itself from THEhotel though. These rooms are still some of the best in town and I can't wait till I can experience DELANO, when it's completed in September.I am giving DELANO Las Vegas 4 stars because of the issues I had with the pillows, and the fact I couldn't sleep until 2am because MIX upstairs was blasting their music.  I was on the 33rd floor right below the restaurant.  I would try and get a room on a lower floor, on the opposite side of MIX, if you want to go to bed before 2am!
2	Stayed here for the first time, ive stayed at TheHotel before, and the hotel is a disaster. Service at Guest services is dreadful, from your room, it takes more than 6 minutes for anyone at the front desk to answer a phone.  most of the building is under construction, switching from TheHotel to Delano and all of the grounds are limited since construction is underway. The floors where rooms are located smell like heavy cigarettes, and the overall staff (with the exception of housekeeping which was phenomenally helpful) was unhelpful. Amenities in this building were not available, and we had to use those in Mandalay Bay which although connected, was very far away.
3	THE Hotel used to be great. Now, the new rooms at the Delano are not. While the rooms are the same, the decor and comfort are terrible. Hard as rock pillows, uncomfortable sofa and chairs and stark white, ugly leather wall behind the bed. The new furniture selection is bad and the small closet rod goes from front to back instead of left to right so you can't see you clothes when hanging up. Makes no sense. Don't even think about asking for the panorama suite. There is absolutes NO storage. One tiny closet that wouldn't even let a man's shirt hang freely without hitting the top of the safe. The soap smells like you just washed yourself in perfume. Guest services is not good. Had a broken clock and they came up 3 times to FIX it rather than replace it. Fourth time they replaced it and guess what - it worked. That was also three days after we arrived. When we checked out there were charges from the mini bar which we never even opened. When we checked in they asked us if we wanted a key to mini bar and we said no. Upon checkout when we had the charge for the mini bar the girl said that we didn't need a key to open it. Confusing. We had also requested a refrigerator when the reservation was made. No fridge in the room until we called about three times for it. They don't know what they're doing. Then to put the icing on the cake, the morning we checked out (4:00 a.m.), the computer was down so couldn't remove the mini bar charges and the valet couldn't find our car. It took 25 minutes to finally find the car, which the parked on the Mandalay Bay side valet for some unknown reason. Almost missed our flight home. Won't be staying at the Delano ever again. Should have left THE Hotel as it was. We loved everything about it's customer service, decor and comfort!
1	Stayed at The Hotel before and loved it! This experience was horrible! The Delano's a disaster, service is horrible, & no one cares! Put me in a smoking room twice, after I asked for non-smoking and was confirmed that's what I was getting. Tried to charge me for damage to a room that I was in for only five minutes (clearly not our fault), and each time I asked for help it was like I was bothering them. It was a hassle and not worth the money spent. I'm a travel agent and I definitely will not be booking my clients here. There's better value elsewhere on the strip.
1	Absolutely horrid service!   It is clear that the Delano management has assumed control of the former THE Hotel.  We recently spent 4 days there and the first thing we were hit up for was a $100 per night upgrade if we wanted to be in one of the newly remodeled room.   It was after check in time and nobody was biting the apple and the lobby was full of travelers waiting for a room.  All we got was a "we don't give a crap" attitude and we had to wait until they were ready to give us a room.  An older lady was sitting in one of two chairs available in the lobby and a worker had the gall to tell the lady and her companion they had to stand up because they were moving the chairs out.  Over the course of our stay we were in 4 rooms, they tried to charge us $100 for damage to the room.  We had been in that room about 8 hours and nobody but us had been in there, but they still tried to charge us.   We were greeted by apathetic staff member after apathetic staff.  The jack hammering and other noise was horrendous, in our 4th room we could hear construction in the room above us, but by then we were tired of being nomadic guests.   It is clear that the high level of service we had come to expect went out the door with the old THE Hotel mentality.  Shame on Mandalay Bay for allowing this group to lease hotel space from them.Post visit note: the charge for room damage that was removed during our visit magically appeared again on my credit card statement. We called and were promised the charge was removed and a confirmation email was sent. Just because they say it is so doesn't mean it is so, apparently. I ended up having to file a dispute to get the charge off!  Thank goodness, my lucky rabbits foot, four leaf clover, my dog's rear end, whatever but I am finally done with the horror of that trip!
2	THEHotel used to be my favorite suite only hotel on the strip. Good service, great rooms, good layout of the hotel.All of that is gone.Now as the Delano, they are in the process of redecorating everything. They took what used to be a nice, open, airy lobby and boxed it all in. I will give them the benefit of the doubt that it will look better once the construction is done,  but it is all too contemporary now for my taste.The rooms are like being in an institution, almost florescent white everything with modern, uncomfortable furniture. I didn't have problems with my pillows, but some other people we were staying with did. I felt them for myself, they were hard as concrete. The closets? What were they thinking! The bar goes horizontal so you can't see what you have hung up. On one side, they put a safe on a shelf right below it, so you can't even hang anything up. Who designed this?There are a FEW pluses that keep this from being one star. The bathroom. It hasn't changed except for the wall paper and the lighting and the brand of bath products. They have the most awesome, deep, bathtub with a waterfall spout. My favorite thing to do is to get some products from LUSH in the MB shops and soak in the bath while watching TV. They have also upgraded the TV to look more like what you would have at home, HD and a guide to look at instead of just channel numbers. Definitely an improvement there.The cost of room service has tripled. We ordered dessert; a peach crumble a la mode and an ice cream. $37 WITHOUT tip! For the side of ice cream, they brought us up an entire pint. What a waste. Not to mention is took an hour and a half to get to us. Good thing we weren't waiting on dinner.They also tried to charge me with 2 mini bar items that I never even touched. We didn't have housekeeping the entire 3 days we were there, so even if we DID partake in the overpriced items they stock in there, there was no way they could of known until after we checked out.I understand that the hotel is in transition phase. I hope that hotel management takes these concerns seriously and improves things before the hotel debuts in the fall. However, I imagine that this will no longer be my go-to Vegas hotel.
4	The new rooms are beautifully appointed but they have some issues: the pillows are overly hard and overstuffed; the couch, albeit gorgeous, is uncomfortable; not enough storage space in the bedroom. But these are minor quibbles in an otherwise great hotel with impeccable service. Will change rating to five stars when they address the pillow situation and they finish construction, which is loud at the spa and very intrusive at the lobby and the hallway to the casino.
3	As others have stated, while the renovated rooms are nice, we also had issues with the rock-hard pillows (I actually ended up using a bathrobe as my pillow), loud music from Mix, and the bright light (I assume from Luxor).  It also got old having to walk quite far to get to the pool area at MB...plus it requires you to walk through the casino in your pool clothes.
1	I've stayed at theHotel many time in the last few years, mostly in the winter because, as mentioned in a prior review, the journey through the casino to get to the pool isn't worth the trouble. I've never had any reason to dislike theHotel. In fact, I liked it very much.The rooms were nice and confortable, the bar and cafe were great and the staff was excellant. On our last stay we were offered one of the Delano rooms and, regretably, we took it.The room is uncomfortable and uninviting. The furnishings look and feel cheap and incomplete. It's like IKEA hasn't delivered everything yet.Maybe, by not liking the new rooms, I'm showing my complete lack of any sense of style but, I found much of the staff (speaking off the record) agreed with me. I wish them luck but I won't be coming back. There are plenty of other, much nicer,rooms available.
1	Unfortunately the ratings are true and I am rating this hotel as one of the most horrid hotels for service I have ever stayed in my travel career which is quite extensive for business and personal travel, domestic and international.  Having been a loyal TheHOTEL guest for many years for football and tradeshow season, I am a loyal patron and this one experience will not only end my personal travel with this hotel but now I will end my business during tradeshow season with multiple guest nights with this hotel due to my experience.  After an annual tradeshow I wanted to extend my stay for 2 nights for personal travel. I was planning to bring in my family and my dogs since I noticed dogs walking around, the Delano must be pet friendly so I inquired and got a rate which sounded a little steep, $215 and $315 for the second night.  When I came down to book the room I was met with a cold, bone chilling attitude from Stephanie who was working the front desk.  Not only was she cold and aloof with me verbally, but she wasn't helpful and was argumentative despite the fact that I was extremely nice in the entire conversation.  I basically had to rephrase how I got the rate twice and all the while she helped me with the air and attitude that she didn't want to.  After finally getting the rate, even after 2 conversations, NO ONE tells me there is a $50 per dog fee per day even though I made it perfectly clear that I needed a room for my dog. This essentially raised my rate to $265 and $365? Really? Not only that, but the sense of happiness and achievement that I felt emanating from Stephanie's pores on "exacting revenge" on this customer was palpable.  This is DISGUSTING customer service and I recommend that no one patronize a hotel with this service.  After all, you are paying top dollar for a great room AND great service.  For $365 I could have stayed anywhere and to be honest, I'm looking as I type this.  Don't patronize this hotel.
5	Not sure why the overall review rating is low. As a long time Mandalay Bay and The Hotel Guest, I was wondering when The Hotel would get a facelift. Now, the Delano looks great. The light interior brightens up the room. I like the simplicity with gentle elegance. The new toiletries are fantastic. Keep in mind that it is not fully complete. Staff is excellent as always.
1	Stayed at what used to be TheHotel in Mandalay Bay, now a Delano Hotel.  If you are looking for a hotel where the management appears to have skipped Hotel management 101; this is the place for you.When I walked into my room, it seemed pretty standard for an upscale price point; although I was turned off by the smoking odor in a non-smoking room .  Sat down to do email and noted an empty shopping bag under the desk; hmm, staff must have missed that in cleaning.  Then went to the bar to pour a glass of water; noted three half empty wine and soda bottles nearly lined up with the paid offerings.  Odd....  Sat down to drink my water and pick up the newspaper on the table - hmm three days old.  It goes on and on - left over tooth brush from the last guy in the shower, dirty robe on the hook behind the door, used soap in the holder, buck with melted ice and beers in the tub.  Gross!Called the desk to see if the room had been cleaned; assured it had, they would be right up to rectify.  When I returned they had removed the eaten apple, but that was all.  Went down to the desk and had them write down the list of trash to be removed.  Came back - none was removed - although the ironing board the last guy left up was now in the corner.  Gave up on the staff.The rooms are also a bit odd.  Literally no place to hang regular clothes.  The closet is custom build with drawers in the bottom of the closet, but they come up so high that a suit jacket or shirts are too long to fit; have to hang out over the front of the drawers.  Two bathrooms, but no room to hang your clothes?  Hmm.My colleague had sewerage smell in his room; source unknown.Don't count on a quick trip downstairs to pick up a  newspaper in the morning.  For some reason they get delivered to the Mandalay shops first thing, but not to the Delano.  So you have to hike all the way from the Delano through the connecting corridor, through the casino, over to the Mandalay shops to get your morning newspaper.  This is the same hike you need to do for anything...to go to the pool, to go to the gym, etc.  Don't know about you, but I don't particularly want to be hiking through the corridors and casino dripping from my work out.My recommendation - stay in Mandalay not the Delano.  Clean nice rooms and you don't have to hike to get to everything.
3	I stayed here this past weekend and my review is on par with many of the recent reviews that have been posted. THEHotel was superior to the Delano. Maybe things will change once the transition is complete, but it felt like a totally different hotel from when I stayed here last year. The decor of the room was excessively plain and lacking color. The beds are stocked with the most uncomfortable pillows that I've ever used. When I woke up Saturday morning, I found four or five pillows on the floor. They were just wasting bed space. The room's climate control was unsatisfactory. It was freezing whenever the A/C kicked in and was the total opposite whenever the A/C shut off. Why did I give them 3 stars when I had nothing positive to say? I get hookups through my cousin and all of us in the room paid $50 per head for the weekend. I wouldn't stay here otherwise. THEHotel would've gotten 4+ stars easily.
5	Stayed at the Delano recently in a recently renovated room. The new rooms are really nice in my opinion. Delano really feels upscale. If you're an average joe like me, it might very well be the nicest hotel you'll ever stay in. Friendly staff and great views if you get a strip view. Upgraded to suite for free since they were out of doubles.
2	There are better hotels for the money in this price range. I have stayed here when it was TheHotel, and was happy with my stay. So I booked a room for TheHotel about 6+ months ago... however they transitioned to Delano during that time. They did have some TheHotel rooms left, however the room type I requested was not available when I checked in (Apparently all the convention people had priority on getting the room I requested 6+ months ago). So they "upgraded" me to Delano because of the room not being available. I understand that the renovation is still in its final touches, so the setting up of the lobby shops and other areas of work is not an issue.The rooms are a little plain from how TheHotel was, but that does not bother me much. I actually liked the sofa in the living room and the desk. The new TV's were easy to use and are more like home TV setups so it is easy to get acquainted with. The room was clean and neat.The bed mattress itself was comfortable as well as the sheets and comforter. All the pillows are of the same firmness and are pretty firm for comfort. They should have 2 that are firm and 2 that are soft as many other hotels have so the guest can select and arrange to their liking.When taking a shower, the water temp kept on changing while not adjusting the knob. This was annoying as it would be just right, then get cold like the hot water was running out... then warmer then back to colder...The same issue with the air conditioning, when it is running it will be freezing... then it will get hot when not running... I guess it good for getting the room to your desired temperature quickly... but should have a better maintaining temperature mode to make the operation less drastic in temperature when running.The service staff was great! Housekeeping, Bell Hops, Valets, Room Service were all very friendly and helpful.... I like the fact that many of them have been there at the hotel (Mandalay Bay/ The Hotel) for many years... which shows that they enjoy their job and it shows in their service!I am not really big on the $4 brew your own coffee in the room... this should be provided to the guests... as even the cheap motel chains provide this for you at no charge... but its the "resort fee" era of Vegas... so you are nickel and dimed for everything these days....but coffee??? come on....The biggest complaint I have with Delano is the bar that is on the top of the hotel called Mix. The music they play can be heard in the room all night till 2+ am in the morning.... even with the bedroom tv at a moderate level. I would expect this issue at a "party" hotel... but I don't think it even gets this bad at those. Apparently, they like to open the patio doors at the bar... so this is what causes it to be so loud and hit the tower I was in (Stay away from rooms that end in 902, 904, 906, 908, 910... as they face the patio). This is just poor planning and/or management of the sound levels from the bar... it felt like you were living next door to a frat house on a Saturday night!!! Unless these issues are fixed, I would not recommend Delano as "upscale" room... there are many other hotels in this price range that will offer more comfort and peaceful sleep...
4	I think giving this hotel 3 stars is unfair.Yes, their pillows suck... 100%. But if you ask, they will bring you softer ones.They have free regular WI-FI, that's great for social media and web browsing purposes. Also, the buffet labels were incorrect but I knew that the potatoes weren't pasta, and the pasta wasn't potatoes. (Minor)The decor is Gorgeous. Targeted to the male business class audience, but I can appreciate a well decorated room. Lots of black and hold, with hints of rocks and wood furniture pieces.I have had zero problems with the new transition from THE Hotel to the Delano. I'm pretty forgiving of businesses who make a great effort to make you forget that there is construction.(Features I used: Michael Jackson's ONE, Casino Floor, WI-FI, Dinner Buffet, Cabana, Iron, MP3 Player, Tub)
4	A stunning, modern, work in progress.Pros:Bright, fresh, modern decor in roomsStunning entrance... Ah, welcome to VegasVery comfortable bed (minus the pillows)Posh double bathroom setupLots of storage and shelving in bathroom, along with decent lightingHallway noise can't be heard in bedroomsEasy access to places like MIX, Della's, coffee bar, etcCons:Rock hard pillows MUST be replaced by the soft ones. OMG my neckChoppy, dinosaur-speed internet connection (free)Choppy TV signalWater temperature may surprise you with a sudden fluctuation mid-showerNoise from MIX lounge comes into bedrooms$4 coffee charge is just cheap-OSometimes long waits to get on the elevators70 minute wait for room service? You are at the mercy of the pricey mini bar snacksI loved this place and would recommend it. I was happy lingering in my room before starting the day. I really think the pillow, internet, and coffee situation needs attention. I really loved the decor. I could imagine living in this room!
5	(Review for my first day of stay only.) I checked into this hotel today, their official opening day, and was pretty impressed with the changes made since it was, "THE Hotel." The first thing you'll notice is how "white and bright" things are now. Such a nice change from the dark decor they had before. When entering from the garage entrance, we  were confused on where the lobby entrance was since all doors were closed and there were no direction signs. Once we found the entrance, we were immediately greeted with a host to give us directions on where to check-in. To the immediate right was their new casual cafe serving fast eats, but the food options were all very gourmet: in fact, I had my first cronut there and it was very delicious! They also serve several breakfast sandwiches and panini's made from their new restaurant next door, "Della's." The cafe is open 6am-6pm. To the left was their new bar and straight ahead was the check-in area. Gone are the days of feeling dazed and confused and lost in the lobby: the Delano is now bright and very easy to navigate.Check out my pictures of the lobby and our room. More info to come later in the week.
1	Horrible pillows (so glad I brought my own), sheets are so not soft for supposed 500 thread count, uncomfortable furniture (used to be comfy), surprise valet parking fee, handycap UNfriendly, overpriced glass of wine at the bar. And some of the noise if you face Luxor is from the Michael Jackson show, even on a higher floor but it's worse lower down. I agree about the shower too, changes temps mid-shower. I like the new mirror in the bathroom and the carpet. THEhotel was great while it lasted but I won't stay at Delano again. It was nice to get a suite with 2 beds and the extra bathroom when going with a friend but not worth the extra money now. We'll go back to Mandalay Bay although I'll miss a lot of the nice people who work at Delano. Note: Check your bill carefully. I booked through Mlife and the first night was $128 but I was charged $160. And my resort credit and free spa didn't show on my reservation either. It's like a full time job instead of a vacation making sure everything is correct.
4	This is the latest hotel in Las Vegas (Other than SLS, which was remodeled too from Sahara).  Delano was the former "theHotel of Mandalay Bay".  After years of opening, this all-suite hotel gets complete remodel.  All the rooms got brand new touch of white color with South Beach Florida feel to it.  Rooms feel much bigger than it was yet still remains its contemporary taste to it.Good things about this hotel: All room/suites have 1.5 bath or more.  People in groups no need to share bathrooms.  Separate bedroom and living room means people who needs to sleep can sleep and others can watch tv or party in the living room at the same time.  Fast internet speed, friendly staff.  They have updated their in room technology too.  Lightening cable ready clock which is much appreciated.  Decent shower pressure, and the new fancy Malin + Gotez Rum bath amenities are much step up from the generic brand which other casino properties use. Brand new fluffy towels too.  Access to mandalay bay beach, close to casino and parking lot without actually being inside the casino.  Bad thing is the pillow.  Very, very firm (Think Extra, Extra firm).  Poor housekeeping decision.  Sheets and blankets were not the best quality items too  It was almost difficult to have a good night sleep with the pillow that they provided.  Whomever purchased those should be questioned.  The thread-count for the duvet cover were low quality too.  Cheap polyester feel to it. Overall, this is still a very decent value hotel.  Good for groups and family who seems a bit more room to spread out.
2	Bad experience with in room dining ~ Had called previously to ask for prices and how much we get if we ordered wings. In the beginning they said we get 6 wings/$16 during the day and 12/$16 after 10 pm. We has ordered around 11pm last night and when the food came we only got 6. I had called the room service again and she told me that we were suppose to get 12. Then she put me on hold to check what had happened. She then goes to tell me oh we changed our menu sorry. She didnt even know the menu changed along with the other guy worker we had talked to before. I know you they are still in transition but it shouldn't be an excuse for indecent service.We had bought 2 orders which was 12 wings for 41$ we would've never bought if the hotel didn't trick us. We would have  ordered something else. The order didn't even get us full one bit. We order in room dining quite often so this was a very bad experience. Overall experience at the Delano is ok though. Less crowded which I like and the hotel is very nice. Next to the elevators they put up a new quote every day on a mirror which is my favorite part.
1	OMG Where do I start. I have been a long time visitor to THEHotel (3-4 times a year) and to other Vegas properties.  So we arrive for our 7 day, 6-night annual vacation to be told that the room we booked "with early check in" through MLife VIP services is not available.  Not delayed -not available at all.  We were bringing our pet as we always do and they insisted we had to stay on 22nd floor.  OK fair enough. But apparently they didn't realize (or care) that there weren't enough rooms available to actually give us a room.  I had to go back 3 times to check in to see if anyone left.  I finally had to call MLife VIP who got me into a room on 15th floor.  the front desk staff is useless and totally rude.  i don't think that they get that new, edgy does not mean rude a-holes.  Checkin - 0 stars!So we get to the rooms.  In fairness these grew on us over the week but at first it is like whoa what happened here.  You feel like you are in a Ikea in Saudia Arabia (nothing against either) but the color scheme is awful.  To many golds, etc.  Over the week though the couch and the bed softened up a bit and it became more comfortable over time.  The lighter tones are OK.  And thankfully the overly large furniture from THE Hotel is gone so it feels more open and airy.  If you loved THE Hotel you will be probably hate the makeover but give it some time its not that bad and it looks better in the evening then the day.  Room 3 stars.  Not the best but not bad.The bed is just OK.  It got better over the week but nothing like THEHotel beds which were great and the pillow were bricks  I mean they took cement from their remodel and put them in pillowcases.  And yes try calling for others and you get the same song and dance as everything else.  Bad attitude.  These pillows were so awful my neck would ache.  We used the pillows from the couch.  Then the next round of fun starts.  Delano added a Valet Fee of $20 per night to the room.  Mind you this was not disclosed to us at check-in or during the booking process. OK so it is $20 but still only one other place on the strip charges valet the Four Seasons and let me tell you this NOT the Four Seasons.  The valet staff is really nice and I felt bad for them because they were getting an ear full.  But really $20 is enough to make me never stay here again.  Why pay $20 more when you are already paying $28 for the useless internet that is quite bad!   They should have upped the service fee a bit and called it a day.  Total money grab! Joke!Then on our last night there they had a blaring concert on the beach at Mandalay Bay that went on until 130AM.  Yes that is 130AM and we were facing the pool.  Total joke.  We couldn't sleep at all. Granted this is a one off type of thing but when I called to ask when the concert would end the front desk staff (here they come again) was totally rude and again completely useless.  We did get credits but only because we were in MLife gold status.  Otherwise other people complaining got attitudes and nothing.  I wouldn't stay here again!  They need to ditch the people at the front desk and start over. Those horrid people with their attitudes combined with the useless $20 valet fee and the room being so-so make this place a no-go going forward.if you have a pet consider the Four Seasons where the valet fee is actually worth it or Vdara or Ceasars.  If you are pet-free the sky's the limit really and this place is not worth it!.
4	1. Pillows aren't that bad, not sure what everyone uses at home but I've had way worse. I have a tempur-pedicure at home so you know I'm picky about pillows.2. The whole pet issue - you are in Vegas why the hell are you brining your pet?! I could understand if you were road tripping it but honestly I don't think you are. It's called a pet sitter check into it, plus leaving your pet in a room all day while you party it up isn't cool. Your pet doesn't need to go everywhere with you, we left ours behind. 3. We only had hot scalding water in our shower, huge problem which is why I gave 4 stars. Called and asked for it to be fixed and it was in a very reasonable amount of time. Politeness counts, remember that. 4. Noise, as far as that goes the a/c hums but that's it. I'm a really light sleeper and so far I don't see there being any issues. 5. The person who complained about closet space should have opened the other side. Surprise it's full length and had an iron and ironing board. The smaller side has a safe, which is always a plus. My dress is hanging just fine and is wrinkle free.6. Mini bar, they are always over priced. If you don't want to spend $6 on water then bring your own. But if you have ever been to a hotel before in your life you should know this. Complaint denied. 7. Entrance isn't hard to find, it's right next to the Mandalay Bay entrance in the parking garage. There is also a sign that says Delano.This is our first night out of 3, so far it's been really nice. The only bad thing is the weather, it's raining with thunderstorms but the hotel can't control that.
5	Just got back from a 3 day/2 night stay and I miss The Delano already! We booked a suite and were upgraded to a strip view upon check-in. The view from the 22nd floor is awesome! The hotel is modern and sleek. I don't know why people complain about the pillows, there are like 4 pillows on the bed and each of them are a different firmness. I liked the soft down pillow. The lobby looks like Pottery Barn and Restoration Hardware got together and had a baby. After checking in we were offered a free cocktail (Delano signature daiquiri) so that was a great way to start our stay.  The desk staff and concierge were friendly and helpful.  It is kind of removed from all the action on the strip, bit that is why it works. After a long night out, walking into The Delano makes you feel relaxed.  Overall I would definitely stay there again.
1	1. The pillows are that bad. I swear they were created or bought by chiropractors trying to make money from all the sore necks that they'll have to treat. I have a tempurpedic bed and a tempurpedic pillow at home, but I don't mind using down pillows or whatever else. I've been to my fair share of hotels and never had a complaint about a pillow until now. That's how bad these pillows are. I ended up using the couch cushion with a towel over it. I'm a complete germaphobe and hate touching hotel things, but I had to resort to the couch cushion. Hopefully, no one had sex on it. It is Tuesday, my stay ended Sunday. My neck is still sore.Anyways, on to the customer service aspect. MLife and Delano need to get their sh*t together. I booked using MLife and received a small discount.  I think I save $100? The total for 2 nights was $480. Anyways, they refused to let me add anyone else to the room because of this discount. My friend flew in 2 hours earlier and had to chill with her luggage. When she asked the front desk why I couldnt add her name, they told her they could. I was boarding when she told me the news, so she still ended up waiting but seriously, get it together. We called to request late check out and they said that we could only request it the same day. This is not a policy I've noticed at any other hotel I've been to, but fine. I go down at 12:15AM coming back from a show. The check in/out clerk tells me that I have to request it in the morning. So not same day, it has to be in the morning. Seriously, Delano, I don't pay extra to stay at a nicer hotel to deal with such crappy service. I wanted to sleep in, because I've been getting such lousy sleep from their lousy pillows. The front desk guy told me that he'll send up pillows. They never came.The day of check out. I finally fall asleep using the couch pillows and the door bell rings at 9AM. It's housekeeping. They want to clean the room, that I'll be checking out of in a few hours... This was the last straw for me. I couldn't go back to sleep and I'm dead tired.I'll never stay at Delano ever again. Dirty Motel 8 for the same price? Sure. Delano? HECK NO. If I ever go to Miami, I will stay away from Delano. I don't know what your plan on coming to Vegas was, but if it was to expand your brand recognition, it may have worked, but my perception of Delano is negative. Seeing other yelpers' review, I'm sure it's all mostly negative as well. P.S. Wifi is free but its pretty crappy.
4	Just got home from a 3 night stay at the new Delano.  We were overall very impressed.  Check in was easy.  Paid for early check-in and the express.  Our room keys were waiting for us and our room was ready upon arrival. We had upgraded to a Panoramic suite and we are so glad we did.  We had amazing views of the strip and the surrounding mountains.  The room was great.  We intended to relax in Vegas and the hotel and room allowed for that.  The separate living and bedroom were a huge plus.  The bathroom was amazing and if you like baths, indulge in the soaking tub.  Another plus was the half bath...The bed was comfortable.  Yes, the pillows are *firm* but we were both able to get several great nights of sleep. Loved the vibe at Delano.  Liked that there was no gaming within the hotel itself but a quick walk over to Mandalay Bay.  Loved the quote on the mirror every day.  Staff was friendly and helpful. As for the resort fee, it is becoming very common pretty much everywhere is Vegas. We stayed at another resort last year that isn't comparable to Delano and had the same resort fee cost ($25).  We will stay again and if ever in South Beach we intend to stay at Delano as well!
4	Checked in for a quick birthday night out on the town. What was once the empty shell of The Hotel is now the chic, luxe Delano. Gold, black, and earth tones welcome you into the lobby while sky blue accents provide a nice pop of color. The candle accents, over-sized mirrors, and various sectionals make the lobby one of the more welcoming lobbies I've ever been in. We checked in late so I can't say anything about the line. We got a regular king room right by the elevator so the view looked out into the Mandalay Bay parking lot. Not a whole lot you can do there. The bed was alright. My star rating went down because it felt like it dipped a little in the middle. The pillows were a bit stiff, but I'm a belly sleeper so I just removed one pillow. We didn't hang out in the living area at all so no say on the couch situation. The shower was a little shorter than I expected. I'm 5'8 and I just like my showers a little bit higher to maneuver. The pressure and temperature was ok. The bath doesn't have a jacuzzi option, but it's big enough for two! ;DDelano is certainly floating by on it's quaint touches and boutique hotel feel. There's a lemongrass scent that wafts through the lobby but doesn't overpower. I'm particularly sensitive to smells, so I'm glad the scent certainly does not follow into the room. As a Vegas local, I appreciate that this South Beach hotel used the desert as the basis for their decor. The gigantic boulder split in twain gives visitors an idea of what Las Vegas has to offer outside of the strip.
2	What do you give a Las Vegas hotel that lacks that special Las Vegas energy? Maybe 3.5 stars. What do you give a Las Vegas hotel that has the worst pillows ever created?  Maybe deduct a half-point for that because the beds were okay...but my neck is in serious need of an adjustment. Lastly, what do you give a Las Vegas hotel where the front desk staff treats you like your money should be spent elsewhere? I will give that 2-stars for failing to remotely put together a successful guest experience; meaning, I will never go back.  It would be 1-star but the rooms were clean and that sits highly on my radar.When arriving at the Delano for check-in around 10am on Friday, September 12th, we were greeted by valet requiring us to pay a $20 "cover charge" for our vehicle.  No thanks. So we decided to self-park.  I guess that's the norm for staying at a place without an attached casino, even though they certainly know we would be visiting the one at Mandalay Bay - so I feel that we shouldn't have been charged.  We are paying resort fees even though it is just a hotel with no pool.  It has shared use of the Mandalay Bay facility so I am okay with a resort fee but the $20 "cover charge" for parking need not apply.  It also hurts the valet staff's tips.  Anyway, I digress...they had self-park so let's move on.Here's where I wish I took names but I was exhausted from the late night and 4-hour drive from Scottsdale with a friend.  When we walked toward registration, I found a very nice but very sterile atmosphere; much unlike the energy I get from checking in at other hotels in Vegas.  It was like the place had no pulse; with minimalist lighting and mid-tempo house music playing to really accentuate the air of elitism of staying at such a posh property.  It was more of a martini ultra-lounge than a Las Vegas hotel.  We were called to check in, and although the girl was seemingly nice; I got an immediate condescending vibe from her because we didn't know the Mayweather fight was in town that weekend (we were there to celebrate a friend's upcoming wedding; and as a disclaimer, we are all in our mid-30's - not 22 year old frat boys).  In any event, she had our room available a little bit early and we were able to get up there to set up.  Our bags were delivered in quick fashion by the friendly bell staff.  The rooms were spacious and bright but still without a pulse.  I liked the Bluetooth audio system and a plethora of televisions in the two separate rooms - with a 3rd in the huge bathroom.  All in all, I had no issue with the suite, which came complete with a wet bar and mini-fridge.  The only issue I had was with the pillows and I see many posted about them.  Not only were they too firm, they were also very tall so your neck was in an awful position.  The pillows negated all of the good sleep that the bed would have been responsible for.  Let's just say we woke up not very well-rested; not something to be missed during a trip to Las Vegas.When it came time to leave, we went down to check out and noticed some upgrade charges on our bill.  I guess when one of the guys of our group booked, it was originally at the Mandalay Bay property, but there were no suites available so he upgraded to the Delano.  It was a nice suite, but in hindsight, we would have been happy with 3 rooms at the Mandalay Bay with no additional upgrade fees.  Anyway, our friend saw this and decided to pay our balance for us.  We had my card on the room but the guy checking us out had an issue that my friend wanted to pay.  He said he needed to see the credit card of the guy paying even though he asked to put the balance on his room instead of ours.  Okay that's fine; but he proceeded to talk down to the group saying to our friend "Why is it so imperative you pay the room for these people?" right in front of us.  I stated "It's because we're friends, that's what friends do."  His response? "You're not friends, you're guests."  He may have misconstrued the direction of my comments, but still his comments were not only unnecessary, but not welcomed by anyone spending that kind of money at a hotel. As a 3rd generation hotelier myself, I think you should treat guests as friends.  Our check-out experience was the nail in the coffin for me and the rest of the group. I enjoyed my time in Vegas (my 7th visit there in as many years), but will not be returning to the Delano.As for the Delano management who sees this, I will be sure to get you name of the gentleman at the front desk who should be relieved of his duties.  Let's just say he's Asian and was working on September 15, around our 9am check out time.
2	This used to be the old The Hotel tower of Mandalay Bay. They remodeled the rooms and lobby but used way too much gold for my taste. The rooms are all white but it looks like it has not been remodeled recently. Fake gold accents all over the room. I guess it suppose to look expensive but it looks cheap. Huge headboard that feels oversized for the room, gold light fixtures - ugly! Closet systems people used in 70's and 80's. Length mirror only in the bathroom The bathrooms are nice and the bath robes very soft. The lobby is also nice but the rooms need serious make over. What's up with all the gold?Staff is nice, clean rooms.OMG the pillows - they are hard and bulky to sleep on. They are not functional. The food menu is very limited. You have only 5-7 choices of dishes you can order all day. I woke up after 11am and couldn't get breakfast (room service) anymore. Breakfast is 6am till 11am. Really Vegas? We were taking a nap and had our room door closed. They already cleaned our room so we were not dressed but another lady who was trying to cleaned opened our door without knocking. They should have better system.
4	I usually stay at Mandalay Bay but I was offered free rooms at the newly renovated Delano. Though my offer stated that a particular night was free, the rep at MLife said I would have to pay $89 because it was the weekend of the iheartradio concert and rates were subject to change.  I agreed since they were giving me casino credit to make up for it.  One star off for that as well as the $20 overnight valet fee.  Otherwise, 4 stars for the fully non-smoking hotel, serene ambiance, very friendly & helpful staff, soothing spa.  This place is great if you have kids because you can avoid the casino and smoke from the main casino. But this is my Disneyland and I typically leave the kids at home.
5	I'll be honest here - I'm not sure where some of these complaints about The Delano are coming from?  I could only substantiate a couple of them and they were not big issues.  I came on here one day before my 3-day stay that just completed earlier today.  I was impressed from the first minute I stepped inside.  I read people complaining about the hardness of the pillows.  I didn't see what the big deal was?  Now, I LOVE soft pillows but these were just fine.  I read complaints about the smell and bugs.  I experienced no issues with either.  I also saw complaints about the shower head.  Well I am 5'11 and it suited me just fine.  If you are like 6'5 and higher, ok, I could see an issue - but you can't please everyone.  The room wasn't THAT small.  I thought the room was just fine and there were four of us staying in the room.  If you complain about the mini-bar, I don't know what to tell you - you are warned about it ahead of time.  The one con was the overnight valet fee of $20.  I was able to confirm that and I was charged for it.  It is a new policy as of 9/1/14.  I booked the room in July, so it was not a policy of the hotel when I booked.  I would not have known about it if not for the complaints on Yelp about it.  In the end though, definitely not a deal killer and they are super friendly at the valet.  Also, I don't know about what kind of service the person who complained about not getting fresh towels after 3 days but I stayed for 3 days and got new towels each day.  I didn't have to ask either.  Curtains were fine.  The decor, well, I understand if it isn't your particular taste or fashion sense but it is still nice and are you really there for the decor anyway?  C'mon.  One more thing, I noticed a complaint or two about the service.  One person mentioned they had trouble with getting luggage to be held by the casino before check-in and after check-out.  We had no such issue.  Check out was 11am.  We wanted to stay a few more hours after that.  The bell captain came up at 11am to grab our belongings, gave me a receipt and I was able to pick it up outside by the valet when I grabbed my car.  Hassle free.  I know every experience is different and things do happen.  I've had my share of issues with hotels in the past, including when this was The Hotel, but I just did not come across a lot of the issues people were complaining about.  I am definitely looking forward to my next stay at The Delano!
4	I shared a 1-bedroom queen suite with a girlfriend of mine for a week and we loved our room!  Yes there is construction going on but we were there for a work conference that took at minimum 16hrs of our day so we only went back to the room to shower, change and sleep... of which it was fabulous for.When we arrived, our room wasn't ready but the front desk was kind enough to give us spa passes so we could change and freshen up for our work event that evening.  The spa is very dark and sexy... very relaxing and serene.The one-bedroom suite with two queens was absolutely perfect for us and would definitely work for a family or a girls/boys trip.There was a huge bathroom accessed by one main door but the toilet had its own room - if you needed to shower or wanted to run a bath in the large fabulous tub, you'd have to close off the entire room but that isn't a problem really because there is another toilet in the living room area.I love the living room set up with wet bar and couch! It was great to be able to make a few drinks or just spread our things out.  I believe the couch converts to a sleeper but I could be wrong... at minimum you could have two per bed and one on the couch. The beds were comfortable and the linens were nice.The view wasn't anything special but again, we didn't request any view and we didn't miss anything really because we were there for work!My only gripe, which is not a gripe persay but more of a fact, is that this hotel is situated quite far back from the strip... I mean its connected to the Mandalay Mall but when I come to vegas I want to explore and run around and do other things.  The entrance to The Hotel is close to Light night club and a few restaurants but otherwise, wear comfortable shoes if you plan on exploring.
4	The V suites are very comfortable. The Rooms are update with very comfortable modern furnitures.  Beware, must request for the stripe view, because the otherside is of the building has a large fan directly underneath and it is very noisy.Beautiful Hotel, will stay again.
4	Lobby gorgeous, lobby bar a gem! The room while gorgeous, has exactly TWO drawers and the tiniest closet ever (see photo)! The bedside tables don't even have a drawer. My clothes are hanging in the towel bar, which really takes away from the lovely bathroom! This is beautiful but living out of a suitcase is NOT how I like to roll! Lots of space left for a wardrobe or bureau!
4	I was really hoping to be able to give Delano a 5 star review, but unfortunately I can't. The room itself is great, staff are extremely nice. However, I had to call front desk three times on different issues. First time was for a valet parking charge. I have no problem paying for valet parking, but I self parked my car. I have an issue paying for someone else's valet parking. Second time was for the in room movie I paid $14.99 for 12 hours to watch but didn't get to finish watching when I tried to pick up where I left off 10 hours after I paid for it. Third time was for valet parking, yup, again. Just in case if anyone is wondering why those valet charges appeared on my room, it's because they applied those charges to my room instead of my brother's room (we have the same last name). Even though each time he valet parked he gave the attendant his room number.The good thing is all three times the front desk agent was able to resolve the issue immediately and remove the charges from the room. I want to still give them four stars for this review because it really is a beautiful hotel and even though there are many little kinks they have to work out, I am still happy with the overall experience. Another couple of things to mention: 1. Our room was facing the strip on the 32nd floor. Music from the night club below really does not stop until after 3 am. Unsure if it's any better or worse if you are on a different floor. We were there from Thursday to Sunday and there was loud music on Thursday early morning too so it's not just going to be a weekend thing. I am not too sensitive to noise when I sleep so it wasn't a big deal to me. 2. Those pillows really are super hard like the previous reviews stated. I asked my brother to bring pillows since he arrived one day after me. I heard that we could have requested softer pillows but I didn't really want to have to call the front desk for pillows...
5	I've stayed at the former "TheHotel" several times and absolutely loved it. So I figured why not stay again at the new Delano! As always, VIP member services took care of me from the second I made my reservation to the moment I checked out. I requested early check-in and they were able to accommodate no problem. This is always nice since most hotels ask that you put in the request but it's never guaranteed. Checked in and the front reservation desk was empty! PERFECT! Lady that took care of us asked how our flight was and if we needed anything additional for the rooms. Me and my girls were coming out for Country Harvest Festival and it was a perfect location for the event. We stayed 3 nights and couldn't rave about the place more. We go the 2 bed queen suit which was perfect for us! We had a mini bar which was perfect for all our cocktails. Huge bathroom for getting ready in and an additional 1/2 bathroom which was  a bonus!
5	We were offer complimentary rooms for two nights plus $200 resort credit towards foods and services, so it was really a no brainer, I had to give this new hotel a try.  The theme was South Beach/Vegas sleek, and indeed the hotel was very sleek and modern.  The main palette was white on golds, shades of gray and light wood paneling.  It's very simple and sensible and comforting to the eyes.  Having stayed at The Hotel quite a long time ago, I remember the rooms were all suites and had a very dark purplish palette, so the lighter interiors were quite an improvement.  The rooms at the Delano are still all suites, with a living room and one bedroom, one and a half bathroom.  We love the fact that there's another toilet, so my family does not need to fight for the toilet use.  Since it's a boutique hotel with no casino, and is non-smoking, it is actually very relaxing.  I do not know where the bad review are coming from, the pillows were not that hard!  Because I like playing the tables, having convenient access to the casino is very important to me.  For this reason, Delano is connected to the Mandalay Bay Casino through a short hallway right next to the Mandalay's poker area.  It was a 10 minute walk.  It's bearable.  I would definitely stay at this hotel again...even if I have to pay next time.
5	We were offered a suite upgrade upon arrival at the Mandalay Bay desk and gladly accepted.  The Delano is our new favorite place on the strip.  The Delano had been open for only three weeks and there were a few minor functional glitches (to be expected) but the overall experience was great.  We were there for four nights and I had many interactions with a staff that was uniformly gracious and helpful.  My daughter, a Las Vegas resident, agreed that the staff was outstanding.  The public spaces decor was understated deco accented with rock accents from the local dessert.  Muted tones and soft lighting never failed to give us a sense of relief after our fun but sensually raucous strip experiences.  The rooms are mostly white with tone on tone accents in a mid century modern style - tasteful.  The mattress was excellent, but the pillows were too hard for use beyond propping you up.  A call to the desk brought up nice down pillows which is what we often request at nicer places anyway.  I do wish that the sprawling Mandalay Bay water park like pool area was less of a trek.  The "Franklin" bar is quite nice they have a number of exclusive and unique drinks.  The Della Cafe serves various classic cafe dishes with reasonably creative variation unlike some that try too hard.  We look forward to our next stay.
2	We reserved a room months in advance, and confirmed in advance that check-in was 3pm at the latest. We then waited for hours in the lobby because housekeeping couldn't clean rooms fast enough. They couldn't give us an estimated time, and that just doesn't work when we're traveling with a pet. We ended up canceling and going to another hotel instead.
3	I'm so surprised after all the bad reviews that they haven't replaced the pillows. I'm here for a tradeshow and the cement pillows are all anyone is talking about. I requested softer pillows and they brought them, thank God. What are you waiting for? Buy new pillows! Not sure how this is related to the Delano South Beach. There is no comparison at all. They wish Phillippe Starck designed this space. Cheap knock off. Start again Morgans. There is a lot of room for improvement. Internet is awful. In-room dining options are very limited. Technology in rooms is subpar to other Vegas properties. I expected to be wowed! Not so much. Up your game Delano Vegas.
5	First time here ,.it was  the good  hotel for me also for kids  ... lot of good restaurants
5	I have no complaints about this hotel. The front desk was very nice and tried to get me the best room with the best view. The location and how it's set up is nice. It's an all nonsmoking hotel. Nice and quiet even for the weekend. I did not try but every one said its a $20 a day valet which is steep. No biggie just self park. Hundred times better than a standard Mandalay Bay room. Ya the pillows could be more softer like everyone complaining but it wasn't that bad in my opinion.  Definitely one of my new favorite hotels. Just a nice beautiful suite.
5	Great stay here. Love the renovations, way better that The Hotel. Like the details they put into renovating the facility. Valet and luggage service was great. Hotel design was awesome. Spa facilities was good as well. I kinda agree with the pillows though, might need to look into that. Nonetheless I liked the escape we had here, will definitely be back.
4	I enjoyed my stay here. The rooms are large with 1 1/2 bathrooms which makes it so convenient when traveling with kids. The staff was very friendly and accommodatingPros:Separate Living room and bedroom 1 1/2 bathroomsRoom cleanliness - 4 1/2 star, deduct 1/2 star for the dirty shower head and the low water pressureGreat StaffCoffee at the hotel coffee shop was better than any Starbucks i've hadCons:Valet is an additional $20 a night Wifi was slowRoom Service menu is limited and quite eccentric which I enjoyed, the kids not so muchEven more limited after hour menu
1	If you're pedestrian and white-trash, you're going to LOVE this place.Holiday Inn on steroids!Be sure to bring a minimum of $100-200+ per person per day to enjoy any of the facilities... a la carte fees for absolutely everything you can frickin' imagine..You're far better off paying a higher rate at a luxury hotel where you're treated like the only person on the planet than this place where you're treated like a number and made to feel like a complete inadequate pedestrian loser that you know they couldn't give a crap whether you come back or not.Could NOT wait to get out of this place!
5	We stayed at Delano for our destination wedding on 10-12-14 with about 30 of our friends and family. It was so hard to choose the right location/venue for our wedding and accommodations. We couldn't be happier with our selection of Delano. The rooms were beautiful, decor was lovely and service was great. I decided that my dress needed to be steamed at the last minute and they sent someone up to the room right away to collect it and had it dropped off back to our room within a couple of hours. With so much to do that weekend, I really appreciated the prompt and professional service. I do agree with some of the other reviews that the pillows are uncomfortable. Overall, this place was a dream and we would stay there again.
2	I cannot believe this place charges for valet. I come to Vegas almost every other month for business and/or pleasure and have never paid a nickel in my life for parking in vegas. Plus, after paying that steep $ just for parking, they never charged our Tesla after we made the long trek from Orange County. We rolled into town with 50 miles left on our battery and told valet to please charge the car. They promised to do so, but almost 3 hours later, I check on my car with my app and find out they never touched it, let alone charge it. Then, I wasn't comfortable driving out around town to dinner and whatever because of the low battery. Other than valet problems, decor is new, rooms redone cosmetically, and that's about it. I don't know if I would bother staying here again in the future when there are so many other better options in Vegas.
5	I thought the Delano was great! Not sure where some of these bad reviews are coming from. I've been going to Vegas now regularly now for almost 20 year and in the last 8 or so years I go there a couple times a year for work and a couple trips for personal and I've stayed at 10 different hotels on the strip and this is one of the better experiences I've had with Vegas hotels. I didn't have a car on this trip so I can't speak about the $20 a day valet parking that people keep bring up, but I do think its funny hearing Roni H complain about the valet parking fee and mentions they drove a Tesla to Vegas. Roni if you can afford a Tesla you can afford the parking. But yes, a valet parking fee is not normal in Vegas. I didn't use the wifi, my phone is a hotspot. The pillows are on the firm side but nothing alcohol can't fix. All of the staff I dealt with where great. The rooms are basically mini suits with a bedroom, living room, and 1.5 bath. I had a north facing room with a great view of the strip that they upgraded me to without me asking.
3	Generally speaking its a nice upscale hotel. Although when charging and labeling themselves as a 5 star hotel, I would expect perfection coming from a perfectionist myself who is meticulous on details. If it wasn't because I wanted convenience of walking straight to my room after a night partying at the Light Nightclub downstairs, I would not have stayed here. After my experience, I probably wont again along with other friends. Here is why it came down to 3 stars.As many have said here and I don't understand why they haven't just changed them out by now are the darn pillows!!! They were hard and bumpy like feel. Which is kind of gross to me. As some have suggested here on yelp, I have called housekeeping to request for 2 softer pillows. A runner came back with 1 softer pillow and the other was exactly the same as the firm ones I already have in the room. The guy said they are both soft, so you don't want them? What?! Customers know the difference and know what they want. Just be quiet and exchange it, please. At least he didn't argue back and exchange the other one as requested after. Even after I got the softer pillows now, it was still bad but better than the firm ones. No good sleep = horrible stay regardless how nice the room is (minus 1 star)Never did I know any hotel ever charge $20/day for valet parking!! This is quite unnecessary when other luxury hotels do not charge. What makes this place so much more elegant and reasons to charge?? Never heard of. So if you don't mind walking a bit, go to self-parking which is free. ( want to minus 1/2 star but yelp doesn't have that option  for the end total)I made my rounds of the room as my usual routine at any hotel I stay at or any food I eat (to find anything wrong, dirty etc.) My husband says its a 5 star hotel to stop being so paranoid. I said, a 3 star hotel can be clean and a 5 star hotel can have flaws. Its the management and the employees who make the hotel, not the star ratings and higher cost you pay. As said, we jinx ourselves. Again as a luxury hotel, this has actually been the first i had in regards to a dirty one. (minus 1-star)1) There is a jar of Q-tips/cotton balls which is a different homey concept but its definitely not sanitary for a hotel use where hundred of hands been in there. I saw dust and dirt's in it already even though its full. Gross! I like the usual individual vanity kits other hotels provide. Its just cleaner.2) I found a half used opened lotion in the first hallway restroom. Another Gross!!3) Are you ready for this one?....*drum roll* An piece of gum between the shower door!! Although the wrapper is still intact and its seems unchewed....its still gross and need NOT to be there!!!General example: I have been to cheaper hotels in Vegas, in a suite that has automatic blinds in the bathroom that overlooks the strip in a jetted tub which also has a light dimmer in it. Felt as if I was in a spa. Not here. No jetted tub which I hoped it had. I do have to say I LOVE their ROBES! I'll give them that.So all in all....As a luxury, as a 5-star, as they want to charge $20 for valet....then I would expect management in housekeeping to be more meticulous in making rounds of the rooms and keep them clean, sanitary, and up-scaled as they claim to be.
5	I love this property. I was always a fan of the Hotel but I'm still a fan after it became the Delano. Years ago I learned that they cater quite well to germophobes and was sold. You can literally call them walking into your room and request new linens and they bring them to you hermetically sealed and proceed to deep clean the room while they're there. OCD satisfied. When it came to a recent trip to Vegas with my bf, I booked us here. Sure I'll stay in a gorgeous clean suite overlooking the strip. It was very very comfortable for us. I liked the shampoos they had too. My hair smelled minty fresh every day! Overall, we had great service and a very comfortable stay. I'll definitely be back!
1	I was assisted by Amaryllis at the front desk who informed me that my room was not ready as housekeeping is not done (granted it was before regular check in time). She kindly asked me to check back in an hour. She provided excellent customer service. However, when I did return in one hour, Amaryllis was no longer there. I was now assisted by Lu. This was a night and day customer service experience.  Lu tells me that check in time isn't until 3 pm. I explained to Lu that Amaryllis asked to check back in a hour - an hour ago. She said my room was being cleaned. Lu continued to tell me that check in isn't until several hours as though she didn't hear anything I was telling her. I repeated to her that my room was being cleaned therefore I have a room assigned. She continued to tell me that there is no check in at this time. She said check back in a couple of hours. A couple of hours?!!!! Seriously? At this point, I am irritated as she is not LISTENING to what I have been trying to tell her. She sensed my frustration and said she will go talk to Amaryllis.  She comes back and said Amaryllis said that there are no rooms right now and check back in an hour. Another hour? Who even knows if she even spoke to Amaryllis- she just walked away and came back to the counter! So now I am WAITING another hour! If I was told from the beginning that rooms are not available until 2 hours or so, I would have went to eat, or shop, or whatever but not sit around for an hour waiting on a room. Very poor customer service and communication.
2	We stayed here a number of times when it was THE Hotel.  As part of the rebranding, they updated and cleaned up the rooms.  Our suite had no table or ottoman in the TV room --so we had to drag over the chairs.  Not fatal. Only one real complaint, and this might not be a problem for everybody.  We were on the 34th floor looking East across the strip.  Up a few floors and to our right was Mix.  Trust me -- the music and the crowd is loud.  And it goes well into and late in the evening (or early into the morning).  If you find yourself in one of these rooms -- ask to be moved (either lower or to another side of the building) -- unless you want to be out all night, or drink enough to pass out in your room at any time prior to 2 AM.
1	Wow, feel sick to be charged 35 a day for a small refrigerator. Just to keep my 4 year old milk cold ? Thanks for nothing.  There are ZERO signs in the parking  garage pointing  you to check in..... hello.... you can't just assume  everyone  knows where they are going. 6 dollars for in room morning  coffee ? You guys are nutz. Really  a big mistake  coming  here.
3	When I last stayed here...it was THE Hotel, and would have rated that 5 stars. Loved it, amazing interior, just great experience. Now being at The Delano, it's only getting 3 stars. The decor is a little more retro looking, and I liked that darkness of the previous design. It's now a little more bland and less 'sexy' looking. I can't remember ever hearing loud music when I was here last either. In our current room-the music from somewhere is blaring and the tv doesn't even cut it out. Maybe we are on a different side this time, but should it matter? Shouldn't rooms be semi sound proofed? I can hear people yelling! What the heck?!? This is quite a different experience than last, and sadly this will be the last.
3	Pleasantly surprised! I went into deciding to stay here at the new Delano with some reservations! The previous reviews had me a bit apprehensive to even go through with it but i thought why not! Overall I had a very good one might stay! Things got off to a bit of a frustrating start though. For starters this place use to be called THEHotel and I stayed here before the name change as well! Hoping that the same experience I had would remain the same! I love the decor and the smell of the place! Although the lobby is nice the front desk is hidden in the back! One of my biggest complaints is that they have no dedicated line for the "invited guest" (Gold, Platinum, Noir MLife Members) like most of the other properties do! I was a bit frustrated at the fact that there were 3 ppl working and as soon as it was my turn the other two disappeared and became all of a sudden "occupied" assisting other imaginary guest.. I think it's courteous to at least acknowledge the guest that are waiting in line and let them know somebody will be with you shortly at the bare minimum. Instead of staring at your computers with your heads down and waiting for others to call the next guest! I waited in line approximately 15 minutes and as I waited other guest began to ask what is taking so long when we could clearly see other people behind the counter looking busy. Once I was finally called up I made it a known fact that things have already got off to a bad start with the lack of professionalism displayed! Keep in mind that perception becomes reality to the customers waiting. Anyways Matthew was the front desk agent who assisted me and apologized for the long wait! The fact that he listened and even compensated for my troubles made things all that much better! The room itself was on the 38th floor with an incredible view! The separate living room was fantastic and the bathroom was even better! Being that everything is all white makes you feel like heaven on earth! I will definitely return! Hopefully I can relieve better service at that front desk waiting the next time and bump this review up to 4 Stars!
4	SO PRETTY! They definitely upgraded everything about this hotel. - The beds are SUPER SOFT. - The decorations are so pretty and expensive looking! - SO CLOSE to light - seriously, this was probably the most important and my favorite part of the hotel. - 1 star because of the HARD PILLOWS - seriously, these things were like rocks. I was not a fan Otherwise, this might be my new go to hotel now.
3	Edit 12/13/14:I completed an online survey about my stay and detailed all the places where I thought Delano missed the mark.  Management replied in a timely manner and rectified the situation to my satisfaction.  The main thing I want is for their awareness on areas where they maybe fall short so that they could improve upon these things, and I'm glad to know they are reading our feedback.  There's so much potential for a really good hotel, and them reading our comments is the first step to getting there.  Because of that, I can round up my 2 and a half stars to 3 stars, as opposed to my original rounding down to 2 stars.Original review:Will management continue to listen to the feedback of their guests like they did when everyone was complaining about their pillows? If the answer is yes, then Delano has the potential to be a good hotel. In the meantime, there are some things in need of major improvement: namely, cleanliness and customer service.Where to begin?  The shelves in the bathroom were extremely, extremely dusty, and it was rather disappointing to find hairs in our sinks and bathtub. (And what were those black stains/scratches on the toilet seat?) Then, when I went to inspect the linens on my bed, guess what I found - yes, more hairs. I ended up using tissues and getting rid of them myself. Still, I, the germaphobe, felt too grossed out to get under the covers and at bedtime just used my travel blanket, which only covered part of my body. I called Guest Services the next morning to request that housekeeping come at a certain time, as well as to change the linens in our room. I was going to request a later time during the day as I needed the room for a glam appointment midday and didn't think they'd be able to get to our room so early in the day, but when the person I spoke with offered to have someone clean our room immediately, I took her up on her offer. Now here is where customer service ended up being a big let-down.We came back to our room after lunch to find that our room had not been cleaned, after I had already told them what time I would be returning to the room/would be needing to use the room. I called Guest Services once again, and the person I spoke with apologized and promised to send housekeeping at our later requested time. Before that though she offered us dining credit if we were to take them up on their offer of having our room cleaned right then and there, but we needed to be in the room at the time so we had to decline. Later that night, upon return from our dinner and show, we came back to find that the room had STILL not been cleaned as promised. I called down yet again. After being on hold for a rather long time, I received another apology and at that point, since it was already late at night, I just requested a clean set of towels. Once again I slept with only my little travel blanket to cover me.They are in the hospitality business, but I did not feel they were hospitable at all, as I feel that they did not care for my needs nor do everything possible to provide a comfortable and welcoming stay. Perhaps it was miscommunication between Guest Services and Housekeeping, and if so, they have got to fix that problem asap.As I noted earlier, Delano has potential to be a good hotel. Their location is great in my opinion - plenty of entertainment and dining options (if you include Mandalay Bay and Luxor and Excalibur which are next door) and a super easy walk to the Michael Jackson One show as well as to restaurant row at Mandalay. Room views are nice on that end of the Strip whether you have a Strip View room or not. The rooms themselves are large with floor-to-ceiling windows and spacious bathrooms. It's a non-smoking, non-gaming hotel (which I prefer) with a nice scent wafting throughout their hallways. Furthermore, while valet parking is not free, their self-park garage which they share with Mandalay Bay is, and it's not far at all from the Delano entrance. You probably also can find some reasonable rates for their rooms, especially considering how large the rooms are.When it comes to hotels, I value cleanliness and location, and appreciate good customer service. One out of three of those things makes it less likely for a return visit. If I want to stay at this end of the Strip again, I would rather stay at the Four Seasons, even with their higher rates and farther location from the main action at Mandalay Bay and the walkway to the neighboring hotels.I have to give Delano two and half stars. The potential is there, but they missed the mark in some very important areas.
3	As of 12/14/14, they still have construction activity as you walk in the entrance from the parking garage. Once inside, it is all cleaned up. I like the huge boulder they have split in half as you walk in. Lots of lighter colored wood and stone accents and artwork throughout the lobby area. Quite a few new things to take in, nice upgrade.They have cleaned up the rooms quite a bit. Everything is lighter in color than before, which makes it much easier to see and walk around (walking around part I'm talking about the way from the lobby to the elevators). The lobby bar seems the same as before but, again like the rest, cleaned up. The lobby restaurant is much lighter in color and looks very nice. We were in a room at the end of the hall on the 25th floor and could hear music. Not sure if that was from Mix or from a room on another floor. It was a bit distracting but we were able to sleep fairly well. Comfortable bed and the pillows we had were comfortable (ours weren't hard so based on other reviews I've seen we might have been lucky with that). I believe their standard room has two rooms, set up like a mini suite. A meeting/lounge room with a couch, desk, wet bar, TV and 1/2 bathroom for visitors or just a place to hangout if your better half is sleeping in the bedroom. The bedroom also includes a TV, a small closet with about 7 hangers and only two drawers for storing your clothes. It also have the free locking safe which is nice to have if you want to feel secure when leaving items behind. Elevators worked quickly for us and dropped a bit fast for me (as my ears popped every time). The design on the carpet from the elevators to the room reminded me of a MRI of someone's brain. Kind of weird looking. They do charge a resort fee so be sure to check on that cost before you book your stay. This is the reason they got 3 stars instead of 4, To me, this is kind of like the airlines charging baggage fees so they say there's rates are comparable. Not a fan. But, if you're looking to stay in a nice hotel, on the Strip, and you have some funds to spend, probably a decent choice. Enjoy!
4	Our suite was very nice.  Clean, modern and with a great view.  The front desk check in was quick and easy and the staff was very friendly.  Classy hotel with a great bar/club on the 65th floor with views of the city.  A short walk over to The Mandalay Bay and Shoppes.I do agree that the pillows were not very soft, but they weren't hard as rocks either.  The very comfortable bed made up for it.Overall, I highly recommend The Delano!
4	Wonderful experience!  This was our first time staying since it was converted from THEHotel and we were totally impressed.  The rooms were great and the staff was excellent and because we are so familiar with the property, we felt right at home!I would recommend  this hotel to anyone!  Can't wait to go back!
5	Stayed here dec 15 thru 18 and all I can say is wow ..... checked in early comped ..no incidental charges..resort fees comped ...front desk (katie) was great attended to our every need and very personable. They even called our room 2nd day of stay to make sure everything was ok. Room had a great view of the strip on the 22nd floor. Room was clean bathroom shelfs had alittle dust but with a wipe of a tissue it was gone.pillows were soft so where these other people are getting rock hard pillows from is beyond me.All in all  a very nice and plesant trip will stay here again.we usually try a different place every year but might make this our vegas home away from home.........
1	We were so thrilled when we got booked at the Delano because our room was gorgeous and it was a very special trip for us. I was ready to post 5 start reviews (despite the $25 per night mandatory fee for internet/gym access and the $4 for a cup of coffee in your room) on Yelp and Tripadvisor until I checked my credit card and realized I was charged 4 times for my stay. $1,000 when you're on vacation, on the night the love of your life proposed to you, leaves a pretty annoying black mark on such a special day. Customer service to get our refund was a complete nightmare, waiting on hold for more than an hour and was then passed around from one agent to another for another hour, until, of course, I was hung up on and had to start all over. The craziest thing about being charged 4 times for our room was that we had already paid in full before walking through the door, the mandatory credit card on hold for "incidentals" was the one that was charged four times! Thank goodness we didn't use our debit card to hold the room and used our empty credit card, otherwise it could have been disastrous.
5	This is our first time staying here! And we loved it. They updated the rooms and they're so nice! Great customer service and the prices are not bad at all. Highly recommend
2	I'm currently staying in the Delano, the renamed The Hotel from years back.  First thing is from the self parking lot, the sign for the Delano is not very obvious when you get to the Casino level.  Once you're inside Mandalay Bay, there are a few signs directing you to the Delano, but then the signs disappear once past the sportsbook area.Second, once the check-in area is reached, it was remarkable free of other guests, which is a plus for me, since I detest crowds.  So my wife and I check in right away, and I was very happy with that.  But perhaps it might have something to do with the fact that it was after 3:30PM on a Saturday afternoon prior to Xmas.Third, the room.  I was actually pretty happy with the room initially, such as the way it's laid out.  However, although the receptionist checking us in assured us of a view, we were given a view of the roof level of the parking lot as we look down, and to the right, it was a lovely view of the 15 freeway, and to the left, the airport!  So not exactly scenic.  When we turned in for the night, we slept soundly for about an hour or two, and then the water from the bathtub from I believe our upstairs neighbor's room started to run, and it sounded VERY, VERY LOUD!  As if the water was running right next to me in my bathroom.  Thought about calling Guest Services to complain, but thought better of it since I was not in the mood to switch rooms at 3 or 4AM, even if they had a room.  Then there was the recessed lighting near the curtains, there is a dimmer switch with an on/off switch that you have to click to the left to turn off, otherwise, if you just dim the lights down to nothing, one of the lights will have a strobe effect every 3-5 minutes.  For my wife, who has trouble sleeping, the strobe light and the gushing water sound was an absolute nightmare!So that's why the two stars.  We have one more night here on the 17th floor.  Well, at least we're not near the nightclub on the 39th floor that I've read in another review that stated it was an absolute nightmare trying to sleep being in the general area of it.I hope that being a more upscale hotel, there would be more peace and quiet than what I've experienced so far.  Probably won't be coming back.  So check-in with no waiting, and no crowded elevators are the pluses, and that's about it.
5	Awesome experience, the staff was great and the rooms are very comfortable. Enjoyed the Delano as well since it is closer to the sports betting. Will be staying here as often as possible.
5	We had booked our stay at Mandalay Bay for 3 nights (Dec 14-17, 2014) and got an upgrade offer to Delano for $20 per day. Initially we were kind of reluctant, but we read couple of reviews and decided to take it and trust me it was worth it. They had a promotion running which gave us $100 credit which could be used for food/beverages at any of the MGM resorts as well.The check-in was kind of smooth, except that the guy at the guest service counter was trying to push us for an upgrade. We reached the hotel around 7pm and he mentioned that the King suite which we booked won't be available until 9pm and if we need a room immediately we can either upgrade (for an additional fee) or take a similar suite which has 2 queen beds. We decided to wait for our King suite, so kept our bags at the counter and went for dinner. Got the text from the hotel at 730pm that the room was ready which confirmed our suspicion that the guy was trying to push for an upgrade.The room was just amazing:1. Floor to ceiling windows in both bed room and living room.2. Amazing interiors.3. Bed and the pillows were really comfortable.4. Nice 40-50" tv's in both bed and living room, plus the bathroom had a small (may be 22-25") tv too.5. Really good bathtub, please bring bath salts etc if you need. We bought it from a near by Target.6. Had separate sinks and toilet, bath robe etc 7. The fridge is really small and has very little space to keep leftovers. Please stay in a day and enjoy the room, watch a movie or something.Now the checkout experience was not great, the lady gave me a bill which was $100 more that what I expected. When I looked through the list I found:1. There was an additional 45$ for using the room beverages which we never used.2. The dinner buffet ~$70 which we had at MGM (which should have come off the $100 credit) was added as well. I pointed these out and she removed it from the bill, giving some crap reasons. So please please go through the bill and watch out for additional charges. Except for the minor hiccups which we had during check-in and check-out everything in between was awesome :). Definitely recommend this place!
2	I'm currently staying in the Delano, the renamed The Hotel from years back.  First thing is from the self parking lot, the sign for the Delano is not very obvious when you get to the Casino level.  Once you're inside Mandalay Bay, there are a few signs directing you to the Delano, but then the signs disappear once past the sportsbook area.Second, once the check-in area is reached, it was remarkable free of other guests, which is a plus for me, since I detest crowds.  So my wife and I check in right away, and I was very happy with that.  But perhaps it might have something to do with the fact that it was after 3:30PM on a Saturday afternoon prior to Xmas.Third, the room.  I was actually pretty happy with the room initially, such as the way it's laid out.  However, although the receptionist checking us in assured us of a view, we were given a view of the roof level of the parking lot as we look down, and to the right, it was a lovely view of the 15 freeway, and to the left, the airport!  So not exactly scenic.  When we turned in for the night, we slept soundly for about an hour or two, and then the water from the bathtub from I believe our upstairs neighbor's room started to run, and it sounded VERY, VERY LOUD!  As if the water was running right next to me in my bathroom.  Thought about calling Guest Services to complain, but thought better of it since I was not in the mood to switch rooms at 3 or 4AM, even if they had a room.  Then there was the recessed lighting near the curtains, there is a dimmer switch with an on/off switch that you have to click to the left to turn off, otherwise, if you just dim the lights down to nothing, one of the lights will have a strobe effect every 3-5 minutes.  For my wife, who has trouble sleeping, the strobe light and the gushing water sound was an absolute nightmare!So that's why the two stars.  We have one more night here on the 17th floor.  Well, at least we're not near the nightclub on the 39th floor that I've read in another review that stated it was an absolute nightmare trying to sleep being in the general area of it.I hope that being a more upscale hotel, there would be more peace and quiet than what I've experienced so far.  Probably won't be coming back.  So check-in with no waiting, and no crowded elevators are the pluses, and that's about it.
4	They should not allow pets in hotel, people are allergic to animals, not a smart move. But other than that, a nice hotel.
4	Really like this hotel. My first time here and the room is very spacious and clean. We stayed on the 33rd floor and got a view of the Luxor and Excalibur. I like how there is a starbucks really close by as well as a pastry shop just outside the room elevators. The beds are comfy and the restroom is stocked with the essentials. They didn't get a five star because the showers leak when you shower and water gets everywhere requiring us to mop it up with the towels. Also you have to pay $4 for a cup on coffee in your room. Otherwise love it and will stay here again!
5	Stayed here for Christmas!My Significant Other and I stayed here for one night with a complementary room from the Facebook game: My Vegas. We booked with Mandalay Bay but received a $20 upgrade offer via e-mail before we arrived. Opting into the quite upgrade we were pleasantly surprised to have such a clean and updated room. While we have not stayed when this was "The Hotel" we have stayed at several other hotels before.The room: +Space for bringing your laptop and hooking things up (Concierge can help you should you need it with Wifi or anything else). Our room had a nice desk with wall plug ins and all.+ Living area so you dont have to eat on your beds! Yes there is a TV there too.+ Bar like area. Just a small section for you to get some coffee and refrigerate things. Small sink included too.+ Dresser and Closet space! We had a King size bed and plenty of Closet space for both my Significant Other and I.+ Firm but plush bed, perfect for just about any sleeper. Older reviews were hating on the pillows, but I believe they fixed this since then. Our pillows were plush and contouring to our sleeping needs.+ Bathroom! Well duh, there has to be a bathroom.. but ours had two! One small bathroom by the door with a toilet and sink. One bathroom connected to the bedroom. The Bathroom:Yes I am writing a section on the bathroom.. It's just that nice.+The bathroom sold me for this room. I am one that  likes to relax after a long day, so seeing a huge tub fit for two (yes it fits two) was amazing. With a lot of complaints that there are no jets, this is actually very hygienic to not have jets. Jets will just flush back dead skin cells into the tub (skin cells that aren't yours).+ A separate standing shower with glass doors and sides (so you can watch tv and shower at the same time lol.+ Yes did I mention there is a TV in the bathroom. Placed within viewing of showering, bathing, and prepping at the sink.+ Very well lit! I am a sucker for proper lighting. The main mirror has evenly distributed lighting around the edges so you can view that cute mug of yours :) They also have a magnifying mirror that is well lit too.+ Soaps and what not. Very good quality Rum Bar soap, Lotion, Shampoo, and Conditioner (not a 2 in 1 thank god). You wont regret leaving your soaps and wash behind!+ Last but not least.. Those robes. Plush and fluffy they will keep you dry after a relaxing shower and feel so soft when watching TV in bed. I deeply regret not purchasing one. You can either contact Concierge to purchase the one you used in the room or head over to their store downstairs to pick one up. While we rushed to pack and grab breakfast before lunch menus started we forgot to call and ask how much they were to pack and keep them.Tips:+ A lot of hotels like to place goodies(snacks, bottled water, coffee) on these black stands for you to enjoy. Note: Touch these and you will get charged, those stands are pressure sensitive (if you get charged without taking anything speak to a concierge and let them know nothing was taken and they will remove those fees). Yes this is lame but a lot of business ever movie theaters will charge you absurd amounts for snacks.  So be savvy and go out for food not munch on $8 snacks or drinks.+ Self Park! I see a lot of complaints about the Valet fees here. But plenty of hotels on the strip charge the same price of more.+ Contact Concierge to find out what things in the room cost what! They are there to help you not strangle you for money.+ If you are a regular, get an MLife card. Or even visit Las Vegas more than once a year. You can earn points from staying with the Delano for bonuses later.+ Don't take your kids here. This is an upscale location and not so kid friendly... especially if they like to touch things like the snacks and water that costs a lot.Overall, I love this hotel and would love to stay again soon.
4	Stayed here for the weekend after Christmas and thought that this place was pretty nice and spacious for a suite.  The beds and the living room area are separated by a door, which was nice for our group.  By far the biggest plus of this suite was the fact that it has TWO bathrooms.  Well... more like 1.5, but having an extra sink and toilet near the door to the suite is pretty damn legit when it comes to having people over or getting ready to go out at night.  Decor was nice.  Didn't blow me away, but for the layout of the suite I would have even accepted a less modern decor.Tldr: I'd be down to stay here again :]
1	I should have trusted all the negative reviews here.. but i didn't .. I booked a two bedroom suite though m life. We arrived the hotel about 11pm and i was told the room weren't ready.. seriously ?  The two-bedrrom suite was really a "two connecting rooms", so they had the small one ready, but the big suite next door consists of the living room and the master bedroom wasn't ready. The front desk gave me the keys to both rooms but told me they would call me when they room was ready., and offered me $100 dinning credit for compensation. Fine, we walked around and took a late bite, came back after about an hour, so it was 12:00 AM when we got back, no phone calls still. I was so tired so i checked with the front desk again..and was told the room was still not ready.. seriously?????????  - It turned out, the room was empty, it just all the house keeping ppl went home so no one could clean it.. I mean wth ? can't you tell me that 1 hr ago when I first arrived? we desperately needed sleep, so we ended up getting two rooms on separate floors. that's how a two bedroom suite turned into two standard rooms that are located 19 floors apart!  Now in the morning, we decided to have a breakfast at the deli kitchen so we get to use the 100 dinning credit. We gave the little coupon/vocher to the waitress, and she said she couldn't process that but just gave her our room # and the front desk should take care of that. We did, and checked out. Got my bill, guess what, no sign of dinning credit, visa was charged for the breakfast. Tried to call delano, never went through. Called MGM financial, waited 40 mins before i gave up.  So in summary, they took my money (yes m life charged my cc when i made the reservation), didn't have the room ready when I tried to check in at 11PM, still no clean room at 12AM, gave dinning credit that didn't work, hard to reach, how much worse can a hotel do, really?
3	We booked Mandalay and got suckered into a $20/nt upgrade to Delano.  Please know this is a dog hotel. They let dogs in any room and they are all over. One next door was barking like it was going to come through the wall for an hour and luckily after I called the front desk and left the room I never heard it again.  The rooms are modern nice and spacious.  The shelves in the bathroom were very dusty.  I didn't care for the aroma they pump through the vents,  smells like glorified cigarette smoke which is the worst thing about vegas for me. I enjoyed the casino and restaurants as well as the luxor next door (eat at luxor buffet it is cheap and veery good!).
5	My new husband and myself came here for our honeymoon. New Years in Vegas what could be better right? Our room at the Delano was beautiful and amazing. Just a tip don't open the mini fridge don't even look at it because if you move anything you are automatically charged for it. Which my husband made that mistake our first night trying to make room for leftovers however as soon as we called the front desk they understood and reversed the charge. Room service was great and timely everything was perfect thank you to the kind caring staff at Delano!
