4	This is a great place for a Greek fix. The Henderson location is new and they want to please. Counter service needs to become more knowledgeable of preparation of menu items, otherwise he was quite helpful. The cook delivered our entree and later came out to dining room to make sure all was well.  We shared a combo plate, fries were seasoned and tastey, Chicken Shawarma and Gyro with fresh pita. They offer two types of taziki a thick and thin, make sure you order what you prefer. Hummus and Tabouli appetizer plate, Tabouli is different than I've had elsewhere, more green than wheat, made great compliment to meats on pita.  Give it a try
4	I went here on the day it opened.  I was happy to try a new place and some great Greek food.  Overall the food was very good - shish kabobs were fabulous.  The meat was very tender and the price was very reasonable.  The only thing I would change is the pita bread.  It tasted sub-par.  If they would get better pitas - this place would get 5 stars from me!  Welcome to the neighborhood Sultan's Grill!
2	Ehh it's alright definitely not authentic greek food , prob won't go back very blan, and they use sour cream to make tzatziki blah
5	Excellent food, excellent service. Excellent chef. Best hot sauce in town. Goes great with everything.
1	My wife and I had a horrible first, and last experience here... Hummus trio, while colorful lacked taste and had a strange consistency - and if you're going to charge that much for hummus more than a half-pita worth of dipping bread would be appreciated. Wife had a chicken Caesar sandwich - meh to that, but better than my choice... I had the Chicken Schwarma sandwich that had chickent that was so unbelievably dry and overcooked, with little to no sauce, that I couldn't even stomach swallowing half of the sandwich. Almost $30 spent on this visit and it was an abysmal experience.
4	Very cool there is now a Mediterranean/Greek/Middle Eastern joint in my area. Even cooler, they have delivery service 4 miles out! This place is in the strip mall where Naga and the yogurt place is. What I'm loving here are the non meat options that I had so far. Say yes to Eggplant Salad! Warm eggplant on bed of salad greens sprinkled with seasonings and almond slivers. The small size bowl was filled up plentiful of eggplant and perfect serving size for lunch.My other favorite; the Vegetarian Combo Platter. It had many of my Greek and Middle East favorites,Baba Ganoush,Hummus,Grape Leaves, Falafel, and seasoned flat bread.  I enjoyed this dish! Although the hummus doesn't measure up to Bon Chef Cafe's version (I so miss Chef Ash!)The Zatar seasoning that chef makes and uses in a lot of the dishes here is awesome!!! It was meticulously sprinkled on each slice of my flatbread. I had to comment and ask what's the deal with the spice blend he used because it's different from the Greek and Middle Eastern places I've been to. I learned from Chef Manny that his spice blend included thyme,sesame seeds, and ..I forget..but whatever it is, I was diggin it! Also he said he uses mint leaves and mentioned that he used it in the Eggplant Salad that I had couple weeks ago..(whoa dude remembered me??... xtra cool point!!!). I have to note from talking with him, he really takes pride in what he makes. I so appreciate that it's all made from scratch. The Shrimp Kebab was also delish. A little confused though as to why it wasnt on a skewer. No biggie. It's nice that you can order it ala carte. And you can order the Beef, Chicken and Lamb kebabs too ala carte. The only thing I wasnt too crazy about is the Tzatziki sauce...I want to say it's sour cream based. Kinda bland and consistency was just too thick and rich for my taste. It's all good though because the spices used in the gyro meat made up for it. But still a tad disappointing. But with the many menu choices that there are I can live without it. They did a great job renovating the dining area. Smart use of space seating wise. Seems like a few more tables added than the previous tenants. (Fix8, Cino's, Lucca Deli)  Big plus to the TV  playing sports channel. I caught part of the baseball playoffs when I had a dinner break here.(Yay Giants!) Price for lunch I found reasonable. It's fast/casual dining. Order at counter and they'll bring your food out to you. Service was good.  I found the staff pretty friendly and was impressed that Chef remembers his customers. The times I was there, there were quite a few regulars already coming and going to this fairly new place. Easy going dining experience. Ive got no major issues. For sure in my lunch/dinner rotation. Imma Fan!!! Four Stars!
3	It's a chain, this is something you have to factor in. That said, the food was VERY and the service was frankly, awesome. Nonetheless, a little pricey. Would hit it up again if I was in the mood. I had the chicken shawarma salad, I have to confess was a little dry and the dressing situation was sparse. The sampler on the other hand was delish! Perfect amount of everything and the pits was TASTY!
4	I've been here a few times.  I've had the gyro meat twice, tried a pork chop, and was given a small sample of the chicken.  The first time I was there, the meat was a little dry.  The other times I've tried the food, it was delicious.  The pork chop was kind of amazing.  Service was very friendly.  The meat is a bit salty and I could do with more flavor in the rice.  All in all, though, I like the Sultan Grill and will be back.Also, they serve two types of tzatziki sauce.  I recommend you ask for the thin version.
2	Decided to finally try the fairly new Greek place near me. I was happy to see they offered delivery. This is where it all goes wrong. I called and the, very distracted sounding, girl told me there was no delivery. Oh well, I'll just drag myself over there. I finish placing my order and am told it will be ready in 20 minutes. I arrive closer to 25 minutes later, and walk into a restaurant full of very annoyed looking people...none of whom have food. 38 minutes later I walk out with my food. Great food would make up for this. However the food was cold, the gyro meat was horribly dry, and everything else was so-so. I'm disappointed. Would love an excellent Greek option in my area. I just don't think this is it. I would have given 1 star but gave them an extra pity star because they seemed surprisingly shocked at how busy they were on a Sunday eve around 6pm. However, dry, cold food and at least an hour wait just isn't worth it.
5	I've been here a few times and the staff has always been very friendly and welcoming. The food is great and the place is usually not too busy. However, I went yesterday on a Sunday and it was packed. The staff kept their cool though and still gave great customer service. Overall, it's a nice, family owned restaurant. I'll be here more often.
3	Craving Mediterranean food so gave Sultans a try. Didn't blow me away, was just okay. Chicken kabob meat was close to being not cooked completely, close, ever so slight pinkness to it. Favor of meat was okay.
5	Excellent service. Very helpful with recommendations. We got red hummus and chicken shish kabobs. Dinner portions were more than enpugh. We took some home for the next day. We would definitely come here again.
4	We wanted to try some place new so I took to my trusty pal Yelp to find a dinner spot. Jessie and I decided on Sultans Grill. It's located in a busy strip mall with a bunch of other restaurants and businesses. Henderson especially older Henderson lacks different restaurants that's why  I'm so happy a Mediterranean spot has turned up. Upon entering we were immediately greeted by their friendly staff. Jessie and I perused the menu and decided to split the Sultan's Sampler and we both got the standard Gyro. The Sultan's sampler was great! It had a little bit of everything. The babaganoush and hummus were excellent and had tons of flavor. Plus, the pita bread was super tasty too. It had pickled beets on our sampler plate as well. I loved the pickled taste with the pita and hummus! Great combo. Our Gyros were huge and full of meat. The  tzatziki sauce was different then I've had before it had more of a sour cream base. It was the only thing that I didn't like. Now what made me love this place even more may not be a big deal to most, but is a huge deal to me. They actually have two different diet sodas!!! Diet Coke & Diet Dr Pepper! This is a rare thing!! Kudos to you Sultans Grill!Over all if you enjoy Mediterranean food you'll enjoy this spot! I can't wait to go back and try other items on their menu. Yummy!
5	Always on point! Love that this place is a mile from home. Never had a bad meal. Greek salad with chicken Delish! Grape leaves awesome... I stop here prob once a week on my way home..
2	Had a coupon and visited tonight.  Ordered a salad, gyro and sampler. Chicken shawarma had good flavor but was very dry, lettuce was crisp.Gyro was decent, but as others have previously mentioned, the tzatziki was like sour cream not yogurt-y.Didn't have very good flavor.We also didn't care for the baba ghanoush, not enough garlic. The hummus was just meh, as was the tabouleh.It would've been great if they were good, as not too many places to go around Henderson for Mediterranean food.Not likely to be back.
4	Great food, good service, clean, very clean...... I wishes they served spinach pie every day, it's so good!
