3	I'm not big on Crack in the Box but they have French Toast sticks and sometimes it's the only thing I can coax my 2 year old to eat.  Yes... When I'm desperate, I will resort to fast food to feed my child. It's not often but I do it. This location is really clean though.  Not a lot of traffic through here when I'm here but it always seems like someone is cleaning. The staff is pretty nice too.  They will usually come bring me the order if I'm sitting down at the table. Who get's table service at a fast food joint nowadays? I've had the grilled breakfast sandwiches here.  They're actually not too bad. A little greasy for my tastes but it will fill me up which I guess is the purpose.
4	Chicken Fajita Pita is the best.Curly fries are the bestestOreo shakes are the bestestest What can I say, I like the box.
4	Quick and friendly. Drive thru is fast and the food is always correct. Inside is clean and the food is what it is, JIB deep fried crap of awesomeness!
4	They are always so nice at this jack in the box, the customer service has been great so far, the food is usually warm and yummy as well.
3	Just got home and while in drive through, person taking order was polite.she dropped some of my change,but never acknowledged it.i asked for catsup and ranch, I got one ranch and no catsup!food was of normal quality.
4	Born and raised in San Diego, grew up with Mr. Box. This is one of my favorite locations in Vegas. Always nice and clean, friendly staff no matter what time of day or night. Food order has not once been incorrect or cold. I am currently on a munchie meal kick and I will say the amount of fries you get seem to depend on who is fulfilling the order. But with a big burger and two tacos a few less fries doesn't hurt that bad....
3	As a vegetarian,  Jack in the Box isn't exactly my first choice for fast food.  That doesn't stop my husband,  however,  from dragging me along whenever he gets a craving for Jack in the Box. This location is closest to home and is a quick and easy option for a late night snack or lazy breakfast. What I like about this Jack in the Box is that it's clean and riff-raff is in general kept to a minimum. The employees are always polite and our orders are placed correctly. The drive-thru always seems to take forever though...As for food, c'mon, it's Jack in the Box!
3	I was pleased to discover that Jack in the Box has a military discount! I stopped by after running a 5k run with a case of the late night munchies with some friends.  I ordered a vanilla iced coffee but was told they were out of vanilla syrup. I ordered a caramel iced coffee instead. The coffee was super sweet, just like I like it. For $1.99, the coffee is on the expensive side because it's small in size and filled to the brim with ice. For that price I could go to Starbucks for the same thing! Just saying.
5	I fuckin love JITB! Nubah tree extra cheese what!!
