3	Review for breakfast visits only.  After the remodeling a couple years ago this place got a lot more efficient. My orders are fast, accurate, and the food is always hot.  Drive-thru moves rather well in breakfast hours.
3	one of the more expensive mcdonalds (they can all have different prices) not the fastest in town but the food has always been good- guess you get what you pay for! the inside is always clean so 3 stars it is. the remodel is nice.
2	Leo Getz must have frequented this one. "They always #$%@ in the drive through!"Forgot my hash browns in a Big Breakfast. -4 stars.Everything else was great.  +1 star.Eggs were not dry or over cooked. Biscuit was fresh. Sausage juicy. Hotcakes fluffy.Hash browns - I wouldn't know because I didn't get them!!
4	Mango Pineapple Smoothies - like crack... without the nasty side effects!!This McDonald's is super fast... like lightning! Don't ever be afraid of a long line in the drive-through.I honestly only ever go to McDonalds for a quick drink ^^see comment above^^... or while on roadtrip for the kids (nuggets are easy, no mess, finger food in the car).
1	Customer Service lacking! Cleanliness Null & Void!!!
1	Only come here if your really hungry and out of options. Took over ten minutes to get my food and sent back the fries as they were room temp. Should have sent back the burger too but I was hungry at this point. Counted  five people behind the counter and two people in front of me. Horrible.
1	Came to the drive thru placed my order which took over 4 minutes to get correctly (so I thought correctly) because he wasn't listening. Then driving all the way home over 10 minutes to find out you can't even get the order correctly. & you refuse to fix the issue you caused.  Then you bring out your "head" manager and continue to argue with the customer. I thought the customer was always right , especially since this was YOUR fault. You don't listen, you rush me out the drive thru. Yeah let's just say this IS THE WORST MCDONALDS.
5	In a pinch, this McDonald's is one of our go-to options for fast food.  We can always get our fries extra crispy when necessary and we actually don't mind waiting if they aren't ready yet since they will bring them out fresh to our car.  The person taking our order always speaks in a really clear voice and the on screen display is a good way to confirm the order.  We have been in the store a few times as well as no complaints inside, but we mostly use the drive through.  Their chicken sandwiches are excellent as well and set our standard for fast food chicken sandwiches with Chick-fil-a being higher (and more expensive) and Burger King being at the bottom (theirs is a fried "chicken flavored meat like substance, never going back to Burger King for a chicken sandwich).We eat at odd hours so we never have to wait long to go through the drive thru.
