4	Wow, the design and decor of this new Keg in Laval is just breathtaking!  The Keg is known for Steak or Prime Rib!  Prices are typically higher than your Ponderosa Steakhouse but quality is usually a bit less than a Ruth's Chris or Morton's.  None the less it's very good quality!  To start of the meal as always the wonderful 2010 J. Lohr Cab Sav which was excellent as always!  Then we ordered the Calamari and some type of smoky cream dip which was enjoyed by our group of 5.  For my meal I ordered the Petit Oscar.  A fillet with shrimp/scallops with some asparagus and a nice bernaise sauce to boot!  I use to eat my beef medium well.  Then I graduated to medium rare.  Now I move to rare as it's so much more tender! A co-worker ordered the short ribs and others ordered different steak.  All in all we were really satisfied on a good meal during a stormy night!
2	I was debating writing a review because its another negative one and people will be all "lady, stay home if you are never pleased!" But I thought I owed it to fellow Yelpers to post the review. We had reservations for a table of 7 at 6pm on Sunday evening. Our table was ready with no wait time whatsoever. We were even a little off the beaten path at a table that looked like it was a private room. It was very nice. The decor of the Keg is beautiful You can tell that a lot of money went into the decor. Very well worth it. Once we were seated we looked at the drink menu which wasn't as elaborate as one would expect especially considering the size of their bar. I ordered a cocktail and it was a little strong but enjoyable. Who is going to complain about extra liquor? Not me!  Now this is where things got confusing. We had two people taking our orders. We had a waitress (whose name escapes me) and a waiter (Gabriel). They started on opposite sides and then met in the middle.  Everyone ordered their food and while some orders were complicated (prime rib, medium (pink is okay but bleeding is not followed by prime rib bloody. Pink is okay but grey isn't....) there were others that were simple: Caesar salad, crab cakes. We are enjoying good conversation and talking about how great the decor is and how nice the service has been so far. Our food comes. Wait, let me rephrase that, HALF our food comes. My food comes, my brother in laws food came, and my best friends food came. 7 people ordered only 3 got food. We wait a few minutes because well, it makes sense that a waitress can only carry so much food right? My husband's food comes but he doesn't think its his because the side dishes are wrong... my best friend's husband (birthday boy we are there to celebrate!) doesn't think its his because the meat is well UNDERdone!, they give the food to my husband and say they will bring an additional order of fries for him since its the wrong potato on the plate. Finally the crab cakes and salad arrive (why is the salad, which doesn't need to be cooked one of the last dishes to arrive?)....so 7 people...6 are eating. The birthday boy asks for his meal to be cancelled. Afterall its 15 minutes later and he still doesn't have his food.The manager (Paul) comes to the table because the waitress informed him of a very unhappy client. I'll admit my friend was kind of a jack ass to the manager at this point and didn't want to speak to him but it's understandable. Everyone is finishing their meal and his is just arriving. That's just wrong.  The manager immediately apologized, said that they weren't going to cancel his order but get him his food ASAP and not charge him for it and since we didn't get to enjoy our meals as a group he was going to give the entire table a free dessert so we could at least enjoy THAT together. I thought it was very nice to be honest with you.Now my problem with the food. I paid $32.95 for a 10oz prime rib, 2 sides, and a starter salad. My wedge salad was amazing and the presentation is great. People love looking at wedge salads. However my main meal plate was very disappointing. When you order a side of fries and steamed vegetables you expect to see it on your plate. My plate looked like the type of plates I give my 3 year old. Portioned off section for everything. There were probably 20 fries on the plate and 5 small steamed veggies. My plate didn't look like it cost $32.99 (I'm the person that instagrams my food, my plate wasn't instagram worthy!). The meat was a bit dry but thats because how I ordered it so for me is was perfect.  I asked everyone else what they thought of their food and the general opinion was that it wasn't worth the price they paid.  My husband said his prime rib had zero flavor. There was no spice, no seasoning...just meat.  My best friend agreed. Everyone agreed.So now it was time for coffee and dessert. They brought us the dessert menus and took our order. We got our coffee a full 20 minutes before our dessert. Doesn't that seem odd? Don't you usually enjoy them together?   Not only that but the dessert was cold...and I'm not talking about the ice cream. The apple crumble was as cold as the ice cream along side it. The girl eating it said it might have been microwaved for 10 seconds. My brownie was rock hard and still frozen. It was COLDER than the ice cream. My suggestions to the owner of The Keg: Train your staff better. If you are assigning TWO servers to a table of 7 make sure they work well together. I have a feeling our orders came out wrong and at different times is because TWO different people were keying in orders instead of together...They might have seen two similar orders (best friend and her husband ordered the same thing with the same sides) and thought that maybe they took the same order....I won't be going back!
5	Had the pleasure of trying this place when I was in Montreal for a wedding. Went on a Friday night with four ladies. We expected a lengthy wait because it was bustling but we were pleasantly surprised to be seated immediately at a spacious booth with a view of the bar. The waitress was a doll and made several recommendations and joined in the humorous banter among cousins. The steak is what you come for but since two of us weren't feeling red meat we each tried the salmon. Both preps were outstanding. The rest of the girls got various steaks and each came out the way it was requested so absolutely no complaints. We all had variations of potatoes as sides (baked, fried, mashed and twice baked). Again no complaints there. I started with a mixed greens salad with a champagne vinaigrette which was light and delicious. The table started with calamari which was also excellent. The server brought of hot baked bread and butter for all and offered to replenish. No skimping here. Ordered a bottle of wine to he shared by all. And a birthday dessert also recommended by the waitress. After dinner the waitress had the bar manager walk us to the rooftop bar which was too cold and rainy to enjoy but good to know existed for future visits! We also got to enjoy a variety of cocktails at the bar. Televisions surrounded showing replays of hockey (what else)Overall an excellent experience. For fellow yelpers out there looking for an amazing meal with a cool hip atmosphere: This is the place.
4	Food was excellent. The steak was cooked to perfection and the mashed potatoes flavorful and delicious. The service was great and the decor at the place impressive. Great spot and definitely worth visiting.
4	Had a great supper at the Keg.  Great menu selection for both food and beverages.   Nice atmosphere, music, and comfortable seating.   I had started with the Wedge salad - excellent choice, had bacon bits and dressing!   for the main course, i had the Prime Rib... the 10oz size was a nice size, with nice trimmings garlic mash potatoes and veggies.   I would definately go back here, and looking forward to the new one opening up at Fairview Pointe-Claire.
5	I stopped in here twice in the last three weeks with some coworkers and both times had a pleasant experience.  The service was professional and friendly and the food was excellent.  we were initially told there would be a 45 minute wait but there we weren't in a rush so this wasn't an issue.  While we were in the waiting area, a waitress quickly came over and took drink orders which was a pleasant surprise.  after we got our drinks we were seated in only 15 minutes.The first time I ordered the small filet-mignon and the second time I was less hungry so I ordered the salmon.  The filet was cooked medium rare exactly the way I wanted it, and the salmon was very good as well.The service was great and our waiter was very knowledgeable and helpful.  we had a few general steak questions and his answers and descriptions of where each cut of meat came from were above and beyond what we were looking for.On our second trip we mentioned to the waitress that there was a birthday at the table and she quickly brought over a large slice of coffee ice cream cake.  We all shared it and it was delicious.Overall I would gladly return anytime I'm looking for a good steak.
3	I genuinely like The Keg but I'm giving this location 3 stars based on 2 visits. One was fantastic and the other one left a lot to be desired.I won't spend much time on my first visit, the food and service were amazing as you would expect. I would give it 4 stars; somehow, I always think The Keg is overpriced. My 2nd visit would be 2 stars. The food was great but the service was terrible. 1st offence: we waited 25 minutes before getting noticed by our waitress. Mind you, we already had cocktails in our hands but I find 25 minutes without stopping by to ask us anything quite long. We had to flag her down and her excuse was she thought we were waiting on someone. Fair enough but she could have at least stop at some point and ask. 2nd offence: my mother and I were drinking sparkling water and my father was sipping his Dry Martini. All served in similar glasses(the man requires and old-fashioned like glass). The waitress comes around and fills up our glasses with tap water! All three of them, that includes the martini! Call me pretentious but when you can't notice the very visible bottle of sparkling water(right by one of the glasses she filled up with tap water) and can't remember that your patron was sipping a cocktail that is just some weak service. 3rd offence: my mother suffers from coeliac disease and was offered a gluten-free menu but no special services. The Keg is usually pretty good at avoiding cross-contamination and they're always helpful at helping you pick out a meal that will meet your allergy requirements. 9/10 times the manager will come and make sure that what you're ordering is okay. Not this time around!  We didn't mind at first as she knows the menu very well;however, my mother was sick all night long from cross-contamination. It is the waiter's job to inform the kitchen and people with allergies have to trust and rely on them. If the waiter doesn't communicate well with the kitchen then you end up bring sick. The service at this location simply is uneven. You might have a great experience or a terrible one!  The food and decor are on par and the wine list is a tad short and repetitive.
4	My husband and I went to this restaurant on a Monday night. I ordered the Manhattan , I'm not a big meat eater and I ordered it med well. The lobster meat on the plate was five pieces but very tasty and the meat..well it was good but I'm not a fan . Few asparagus and tasty garlic mash. Topped off the meal with a mocha pie ice cream and I was over filled. I should of ordered the bite sized dessert but alas my husband wanted to try the pie. Service was attentive and decor was nice. All said and done, good but I probably would not go back. My husband enjoyed his meal therefore he would but not with me.
3	When a co-worker told me that there was a steakhouse next to the P. F. Chang I figured I would give it a try. I got home from my meetings, put on my blue jeans and a T-Shirt and made my way to what I thought was going to be a basic steak and bar restaurant. I found that I was very much under dressed. The Keg Steakhouse and Bar isn't you standard slab of meat and a beer kind of place, if you aren't wearing a button up shirt and probably a tie you are going to feel very out of place.The interior was amazingly well maintained and clean. The service was polite and fast. As expected the prices were high, but it was clear that a great deal of care was put into the meal. My only real complaint was the portions. You can pick how big you want your cut of meat (so you can't complain about that) but the sides were a little on the skimpy side. About half of my plate was empty space. Now I am not accustom to dining in such places, but to me it was a little off. The steak was nice and juicy and the sides were great. I would come back, but I would wear a nicer shirt next time.
5	I was seriously impressed how nice this place was when I walked in. Lots of room to move around, a really high ceiling, a huge bar, two floors with everything looking sleek n' modern and aesthetically pleasing. Breathtaking!I was here for a work Christmas dinner and we were provided the VIP dinner room in the back area of the 2nd floor. Beautiful long table, comfortable chairs and beautiful decorations. On top of that a huge foyer that enhanced the whole vibe.Now the grub :- I had the Caesar salad and it was sublime. It was a real treat and possibly the best Caesar salad I've eaten in a long time.- I went with their top sirloin that came with a baked potato and an extra stick of shrimp. I usually don't like to order my meat medium-rare in restos as most places get it wrong and go for a more safe medium but since this place is a well-known steakhouse... so I rolled the dice.... AND GREAT SUCCESS! I actually got it medium-rare!!! And more importantly... it was FANTASTIC!!!! Juicy, flavorful and succulent this slab of meat was the highlight of my evening. "Oh red meat, how I missed thee!"- The shrimp were also really good as well and I'll furthermore state it was a perfectly baked potato as well.- For desert, I went with the strawberry cheesecake and while it wasn't the best I've had it was still pretty decent.The service was attentive and on point. I have nothing to say here other than kudos Keg staff on doing a great job all night long..Normally, I'll also mention the price-tag but hey.. my employer paid for the meal.... soo.....LIFE IS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD.All in all, the place was a huge success for us and I'll definitely come back.
4	I am a customer regular of the keg,I thought this keg in Laval is very chic,I like so much the washroom here....hahahaha!the service was ok.,not wow!!!
