3	Dude needs to relax on sending so many emails, phone calls, & text messages for reminders for appointments.  If I've confirmed to come in 1 week ago via email, I do not need daily emails and/or text messages.  Pretty annoying actually, but if you're an attention fiend, go for it.dmo out.
5	What a wonderful experience for something that most people hate to do.  Including me!  The office is immaculately clean and the dentist's office is in a really nice building.  The signage is a little hard to find but just head to the office building address # and walk in the front door.  You won't miss it after that.  The receptionist staff was attentive and helpful.  The whole paperwork process was relatively effortless and they even offered to help obtain my x-rays from my previous dentist.  Overall, I was very happy with the service and Dr. Payet's bedside manner.  He was very informative and didn't seem like he was rushing me in and out.  He let me ask questions and he took the time to elaborate on his answers.  I will definitely be back for years to come.  Thanks!  Enjoy!-Ian M.
5	I recently moved to Charlotte and had to find a new dentist which was difficult for me because I've been a lifelong patient of my former dentist (out of state).  I was set on finding a dentist that could use a laser to remove a cavity as I am terrified of novocaine and drilling.  After reviewing his website and making a quick inquiry call, I was optimistic but still a bit nervous.  Everything about the experiences with Dr. Payet and his staff has made me feel relaxed and comfortable which has been a huge relief.  The front desk ladies are very polite and helpful, my dental assistant (Rose, I believe) was kind and knowledgeable, and Dr. Payet has been fantastic.  I'm sure they could all tell how anxious I was, but everyone did a great job of putting me at ease.  I had to have a follow up appointment to have my filling adjusted, but he was very patient and concerned about getting it just right.  He did a great job of addressing questions and he enthusiastically explained the laser technology when I was skeptical of the relatively pain-free procedure.  I'm happy to have found my new dentist and absolutely recommend him (them) to anyone looking.
5	As far as dentists go, these guys are good (meaning I hate going to the dentist. Any dentist) What I appreciate about these guys is their care, procedures, equipment and non pushy approach. Having said that though, dentists are in the field of "perfection" so most recommend doing things to your teeth to achieve that. I myself prefer the look of a somewhat original smile, (a crooked tooth here and there does not make me think one needs braces!) The difference I have found at this office is that they listen to you, allow you to question things and gain a full understanding of what is being recommended/suggested, and then allow you to make your own decision with freedom. Bravo.
