5	I had to take my 14 years old dog for what I thought would be a basic check-up. Dr Zolo took care of Nouky, he was already sick but it got worste at that time. She was beyond exceptionnal, she kept the dog a whole day and she called me twice to keep me inform of what she was doing and how was my dog. Unfortunatelly the health of Nouky was going very bad and Dr Zolo prepared me for what comes next with the sweetest word ever and a great compassion.On top of being extremelly professionnal and knowledgeable she has great empathy.A month after I came back to the clinic to say goodbye to my dog. The vet and the staff were great ! Dr Zolo let me stay with my dog and she explained every step of the procedure. After Nouky was gone, they all came to me with a word or a nice attention.This is not all, few days ago I got the great surprise to have a letter from the clinic. It was a condoleance card, signed by the vet and all the staff with the last food print of my dog ! I've never imagined a vet clinic could care that much about a dog and his owner. It's been a sad but very good experience to knowk at that clinic door and I more than highly recommand it !
4	I'm very impressed with this vet office.  Almost no wait before our appointment.  I have a very nervous, fairly large dog, and these folks are very calm and understanding.  They prep all shots, and exam gear ahead of time, minimizing the amount of muzzle-time required.  They are very affordable ($75 for a basic checkup).  I didn't get any notion that they over-sell anything, unlike vets I've been to in the past, who use emotional blackmail to get owners to buy unnecessary things.  They did offer special vet food, but were perfectly cool when I declined.I docked them one star, because there were three large dogs, and two cats roaming around in the hall.  I thought this was a bit disorganized, especially after they asked me "have you seen a large black cat anywhere?"  No big deal, but worthy of a minus-one.
5	Great people! We first took Cat#1 here out of convenience and have been going back here ever since. Not only is everyone kind (I once had to reschedule an appointment twice for various reasons, and the receptionist was very easy going about it), but they take appointments, even certain evenings.
5	I bring my little man, Hibou here for all of his vet needs; he feels at ease in the office and everyone on staff is incredible, kind and thorough. Weekend appointments are great for us professionals and I definitely feel like my pup is in good (& loving) hands with every single person at this clinic. They give you options, explain them thoroughly and give your pup all of the treats they need to get through any procedure.
5	I wish I could give this place 6 stars. The staff is super friendly and actually seem to genuinely care about your pet's wellbeing. My poor puppy went in there for an emergency operation and I was greeted with open arms. I must have called the poor staff 400 times that day and every time they answered my call and gave me updates. I never once felt like they were getting frustrated with me. Not only that, but the vet called the day after the surgery to see how my puppy was doing. Amazing staff, great vets, I will never go anywhere else.
5	Amazing staff, very friendly and you can tell they all really enjoy what they do. They are very helpful and keep you in the loop with what's going on with your pet if it has to be left here for any amount of time. Price is also very reasonable; they try to do things as cheaply as possible for you without sacrificing the quality of care your pet receives. You can also call at any time (while open) and speak to a knowledgable vet tech if you have any questions or  concerns. I'd strongly recommend this clinic to anyone with a pet!
