5	I gave this Starbucks 1 star a few years ago. Since then this location has done a 180. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. There are two stand alone Starbuck locations in Fountain Hills. I now go which ever one is closest to where I am going. I like the stand alone locations better and both in Fountain Hills are great.
2	Surprisingly enough, this Starbucks didn't know how to make a red-eye Americano.  I had to tell them the recipe.  Goodness, what is this world coming to?
5	Every time I come to this Starbucks the people working there are friendly, polite, and provide great service. Drinks are always great no matter how busy they are. One of the best coffee places in the valley. Highly recommended!
4	Albeit a corporate-run company, this Starbucks maintains the feel of a small mom & pop coffee shop. All of the employees not only know their customers by name, but are also eager to engage in friendly conversation. Furthermore, despite being located in Fountain Hills, which has a predominately older demographic, they are able to handle the sometimes impatient crowd with a smile or a few words of ease. As for those complaining about the product, blah blah... come on, you're walking into a Starbucks... you know what you're getting into. I just appreciate this specific one so much more than other Starbucks because of the awesome people who work there. Four stars because they are still not Peets : )
4	Convenient to were I work. Always friendly and polite. Sometimes too friendly when the regular customers come in, but they seem to get the job done.
5	I've visited this Starbucks 4 of the past 5 days for Frappucino happy hour and I could not be more pleased with each experience.  The girl working the register remembered my name after my first visit.  I'm surprised they are not busy during happy hour, but I'm sure that has to do with the "out of the way" location in Fountain Hills.  I'll be moving further away from this store soon and am disappointed I can't take them with me.  I rate this five stars because the staff is friendly and it's easy to park and run in.
5	This is the best Starbucks in Fountain Hills beverage wise. I have never gotten a bad drink from this place. Service can be a little slow at times but it's not to the point where it's annoying. I love the staff here too. They are always friendly and courteous and very very helpful. I go out of my way to visit this Starbucks.
5	My favorite Starbucks in Phoenix. Always nice, always the best service, WITH a smile! Kaylee and Dillon are both great! Too bad every Starbucks isn't staffed with such good employees.
5	Staff at this Starbucks, unlike most Starbucks in Scottsdale & Phoenix, actually exhibits happiness when customer walks up to the counter to order. Whether you get the morning crew of kindly beautiful women, or the afternoon crew of handsome manly men, you are made to feel like a blessing, not a chore. They all seem to know almost everyone by name, and if they don't remember your favorite drink, they will try to guess it. Moreover, these are efficient and skilled baristas, making my drink perfect every single time. And they are so attentive to the smallest nuance! One barista even noticed my lid was a bit cracked, and she came around the counter to replace it, without once interrupting my conversation with another customer. Who does that? Who even notices? Look for the barista with the gray page haircut. She'll take your coffee order like a U.S. Marine Lieutenant General while asking you about the NFL Playoffs and all the while beaming a Miss America smile that refreshes the most depressed day. Regardless of how tired I am, I'll pass by numerous Starbucks and fall asleep at the wheel doing so, in order to get my Mocha at this most singular establishment on Shea Blvd in Fountain Hills.
5	Staff that works early morning 6a-7:30a shift, M-F, are all FANTASTIC! I am always greeted w/a genuine, warm smile by whoever happens to be cashiering. Their drinks are always made consistently good too!*Side Note Personal Pet Peeve: The family-on-vacation donned in shorts or the retirees (also in shorts) who take their sweet-ass time at 6:45am ordering their drinks/baked goods in front of me in line. They do a lot of squinting at the menu, hemming and hawing over choices, scratching their heads, stepping back, etc. NEWSFLASH: There are working ppl who are on a time crunch for their commute - step aside if ordering is too much for you! Thank you. :)
