5	I love thr place!I have tried all of their premaid stuffed chicken breast and my favorite is the dijon. great ground beef patties. the steaks look great. I have had the fillet and they are great.great deli sandwhiches. meat balls are wonderful.Friendly and helpful staff.
4	I love specialty shops! The New York Butcher Shoppe is a great new addition to the growing Selwyn neighborhood. The interior is decorated well with table and chairs lining the wall as you enter. There are freezers filled with easy take away, pre-made meals across from the deli counter. Great for those nights that you don't want to cook or go out. The deli counter is filled with meat galore! You can also order deli sandwiches with a side of chips for under $8.
4	Mmmmm meat. I was pretty stoked when I heard that The New York Butcher Shoppe was opening on Selwyn! This is most needed in the area!Inside, this place is full of delicious cuts of meat, sweet and spicy sausage, fresh but frozen carry out items, homemade marinara sauce, cheese, etc. Price wise, it's pretty affordable and a really nice option if you don't feel trekking out for Italian eats or a specialty grocery store. They also make really tasty sandwiches with super fresh Boar's Head deli meat. I stopped by for the Manhattan - fresh, rare roast beef, creamy American cheese and I added a bit of mayo and horseradish for a little kick. For $7.57 my sandwich and chips were more than enough for lunch as the bread was overflowing with a generous portion roast beef. Meaty! I highly recommend the combo of roast beef & horseradish. The bread was soft but also a a nice crunch to it, too. For a sammie on the run or if you just need a nice cut of meat for a fab dinner at home, definitely stop by!
5	OK.  I love this place.  I just finished grilling a prime New York strip steak I picked up about 2 hours ago and I can say it was the best steak I have purchased in Charlotte, arguably in my life.  Note: I really mean the best steak I have bought and personally cooked - I've had some great steaks from Del Frisco's, etc.  There is plenty of parking in front of the shop (or shoppe...), so it's very easy to pull right in.  They have a wide variety of beef, both prime and not.  From what I remember, they had all the normal steaks, such as strips, ribeyes and porterhouses.  I didn't see filet, but I am sure it's there.  They also have a great selection of pork and lamb.  I'll have to pick up a tenderloin from there soon...  In addition to the meats, they have a bunch of prepared foods.  I picked up a broccoli casserole which was delicious.  Wines and frozen gourmet foods.  All in all - this place is great and very reasonably priced for the quality of food you'll get.  I will be back.
4	The wife and I stopped in on a whirlwind tour thru all the new and fun shops that have recently opened on Selwyn.  This store is definitely worth a look into and you'll probably want to bring an insulated bag in with you, since you're most likely to come back out with at least one purchase in hand.The main draw, as you might expect, is the large meat counter that curls around the front of the store.  Lots of fresh cuts of steak, homemade sausages (spicy and sweet) and even vacuum-wrapped chicken breasts marinating in a barbecue sauce.  Don't see what you want?  Just ask, at least a couple butchers are on duty behind the counter and they are knowledgeable and ready to assist.  They will also cut you as much or as little to match your needs.  This is a nice change from most of our grocery stores, where pre-packged meat is "take-it-as-ou-find-it."  Since the wife and I only cook for two usually, it's nice to be able to just purchase a smaller amount.To the left of and towards the back of the store, there is also a wide-ranging selection of pre-cooked and refrigerated sides dishes: mac-n-cheese, broccoli salad, veggies, etc.  There is also a very big selection of frozen pastas- raviolis and sauces.  Seriously, I could make a week's worth of dinners here and never pick the same thing twice.  Not bad for such a compact little store.Up front there is also a small but ample wine selection, if you need the one-stop-shop.  I'm a wine guy, so I like a little more selection and Charlotte is chock full of wine stores, but you could make a night of it at NY Butcher Shoppe without having to stop in elsewhere.  Don't miss their weekly-changing meal deal either.  The week I was in you got a couple marinated chicken breasts, mac-n-cheese, and broccoli salad all for about $20.  Not too bad.Finally, lunch or dinner can also be at hand with their selection of fresh-made deli sandwiches- Boar's Head meats and cheeses.  They make 'em big, so be warned.  The wife and I were easily able to share one between us.  This is the place to go when you plan to grill out or cook that dinner for someone special and you want to impress.  Also, if you are looking for harder to find cuts- like hanger steak, these guys can accommodate.  This is a welcome addition to the neighborhood, and I'm definitely coming back for more.
5	If there was an award for best new shop, this place would get my vote.  The most amazing steak I've had in years and I get to cook it at home exactly the way I want it.  They also make sandwiches and have all kinds of carry out items ready to go with your protein like mashed potatoes and mac n cheese.  A carnivore's dream...
3	Ouch. A star was taken away today. I would have loved adding another star to make five, but after some recent and disappointing visits, they fell short. Their sandwiches are fantastic! The flavors are delicious! That is, if you can get a sandwich. I went on two Sunday afternoons in a row, early in the afternoon. The first Sunday, my husband and I were the last customers who were able to get a sandwich. Afterwards the employees said matter-of-factly there were no more buns. I felt bad for the other customers waiting in line. On our second visit, we left without sandwiches because they were out of buns. Whoever is in charge of ordering didn't anticipate enough...either week. The next issue is the service. The employees didn't seem too thrilled to be working (no hello, how can I help you?, thank you), the interior and communication between employees seemed chaotic (as if they ran out of time to stock the shelves because boxes were scattered in the back hallway leading to the bathrooms or as if they were just opening), and overall I didn't feel welcome or appreciated for my business.   To be honest, they would have received 2 stars if it wasn't for the deliciousness of their product. They can easily redeem stars if they improve on their interaction and communication with their customers and have enough product in stock.
1	A Butcher Shop?  Really?  Dont let the silly Olde English spelling of the name fool you.  This place really should be called Ye Olde Steak Shoppe because thats about all your going to get. Want short ribs or other secondary cuts?  Sorry, just frozen or "all out". How about butterflying or rolling a piece of meat?  Too busy...these "butchers" prob flunked out of Harris Teeter produce and decided that meat was their calling.  If so, they'll need some serious lessons in the the seeming lost art of butchering as well as a customerr service.  Dont waste your time.
4	Stopped by the NY Butcher Shoppe for some steak for the grille.  I had never been before and was surprised at how much the offered outside of meat.  They've got a smattering of gourmet food offerings as well as moderate wine selection.  I've also heard they have a great sandwich on top of that.  I was asked if I needed any assistance a few moments after entering and selected a nice sirloin and was quickly packaged and paid.  The quality of the meat seemed good, the grilling turned out tastily.  The prices seem to be relatively good for the quality.  I obtained 1.5 lbs of sirloin for approx $24.Good spot!  I'll go again!
4	The wide varieties of meats and preparations *should* sell itself, it's so fresh and beautifully displayed, but I know the standoffish service can sometimes be a pitfall.  Don't let it deter you. (I'm told it's being worked on.) This place really is a nice alternative to an aloof butcher at the supermarket who doesn't know the difference between a rib eye and a filet mignon. Here, you'll not only get the basic cuts, but you can also pick from premium aged beef, or kobe. The prepared foods section of pasta salads and veggies is a nice addition-- as is the freezer case toward the back of their own variety of pastas, etc. The employees are, I think from NY, and won't necessarily be cheery in helping you, so you need to ask them what they recommend and to explain what the best way to prepare the veal is.  PS:  Have had a sandwich here too, which was made of Boar's Head and their cheeses. It was okay, and hit the spot at the time.  But really, I say the meat is what shines at the NYBS.
5	i moved to charlotte from dallas which is the land of beef. out there you can get a great piece of meat at the worst of the worst grocery store. i came here and bought some prime ribs at bloom/foodlion...bad bad bad...thought id up the quality and move to harris teeter, still a no go...in my desperation for good meat (twss) i yelped butcher and this paradise popped up...my god...the quality of meats here is superb fresh and frozen....and the packages you can buy are well worth the buy highly recommend it....i bought the broadway package 79.99 and the nice lady says oh that should last you a year....i said politely this will last me exactly one month and i shall be back to take what is mine!
2	This place is not truly a butcher shop so much as it is an expensive meat store. They do have a decent selection of beef, a lesser selection of pork and no fowl at all.  However, the name "butcher shop" implies that they actually butcher meat which they do not do.  They do carve steaks off a slab but any grocer can do that as well (and for a lot less money).  Their "butchers" don't even know pork cuts.  Save your money and shop at Harris Teeter or the Fresh Market.Noticed that this place is now closed.  Not surprised.  They were always busy but didn't know their stuff and weren't selling anything special even though they charged a big premium.  Not sure if the chain is still around but I'd stay away regardless.
4	Had the catering at a Yelp event and have to say was very nice indeed. my favorite was the meatballs in the marinara sauce. what a marvelous dish!took the brochure home and have to say that it is reasonable for a last minute meal need or even if you want to impress that first date person!~ imagine feeding 6 people at a italian restaurant for $55-- no way! But at this place you have last minute relatives drop in town just pop by here and get something to heat up at home for a great meal! salads look wonderful too. if you need a meeting catered the boxed sandwich luches look marvelous!
3	Upon entering into the shop, we were told they were out of bread, really?! :( They do still have the ability to make a wrap, so we went with that. When we got ready to check out, we were told there were no chips & they only side choice we had was pasta salad. :/ However, we did look down below the counter & saw some of our favorite Zapps Dill chips. Love the inside of the shop; it has a real authentic deli feel. Nice wine selections, "grab & go" section, as well as deli section for taking home fresh meats.Place is clean & employees took care while preparing our wraps. There's only two tables in the place, with seating for two each. Therefore, not great for sticking around to eat.They cater & do bulk orders, which is a plus.  Employees were friendly & quick with our order.  Prices are reasonable; included with your sandwich / wrap, you get free chips or a side. Parking is somewhat limited; you have some spaces in the front, but you may have to park in the adjacent lot (where Mellow Mushroom is).
4	While typically pricier than the meat section at Harris Teeter, the meat is considerably better than Harris Teeter's.  I've stopped into New York Butcher Shoppe only twice; the first time to browse and find out if they carry any sort of blood sausage (no dice, unfortunately) and the second time to purchase a wonderful beef tenderloin.  In addition to standard meat fare, the fridges also carry more interesting items like elk and rabbit.  Definitely good to know.  I've yet to try any of the pre-packaged items, but I'm sure that I will at some point.  Even through the wrappers they all look delicious.  New York Butcher Shoppe is definitely a great addition to the area, though I wish it were a local shop rather than a chain.
3	I think they are great butchers, not so good on the business side.  It's a traditional looking butcher shop (although a  chain) and the meat that I've gotten there has been top notch.  However, as some of the other reviews have stated, they are often out of things.  I was surprised when I called a week before Christmas to find they were out of Prime Rib and didn't know if they'd be getting any more in  ????  Um, really, because I know where you can find a cow in the next 5 days!!!!  Also, who runs out of one of the two most popular holiday items a week before the holiday when you can still order more?  I thought there was a beef shortage but no, every grocery store in town had as much prime rib as anyone could ever want.  So again, product quality is great but their stocking is inconsistent.
4	One of Charlotte's worst qualities is the fact that it lacks establishments like this that give a neighborhood character.  Perhaps I'm more sensitive to this fact because I live in South Park, which is overrun with chain restaurants and corporate cheese, but without the local, one of a kind flare, a neighborhood turns "cookie cutter" and the authenticity goes out the window.Its nice to have a butcher shop on Selwyn.  Yea, I get it, this place is in fact a chain, but at least it feels like a local place.The meat selection is top quality and they'll cut you just about anything you're after.  I go here quite a bit for filets and to get my Boston Butt for my Q.  Prices are comparable to a Fresh Market - which used to be my ipso-facto place for quality meat - but frankly, I believe the butcher shop has them whipped on quality.I haven't ventured to try any of their pre made stuff, but some things look pretty good.  I'm not exactly a rookie in the kitchen, so I've also shied away from their pre-seasoned/marinated meat as well.  Tip:  No need to overpay for their wine selection here.  Total wine is less than a 1/2 a mile away off Park, near Montford and they have 20x the selection and better prices.
4	I enjoyed visiting the shop and the BBQ they provided at the Selwyn day the summer of 2011.  I did not know they were there.  I agree with a previous post the wine is overpriced for my wallet.  However, the cuts of meat are great.
