4	It's no Schwartz but still a pretty good place to get a smoked meat sandwich!! The place is clean, service is good and so is the food!
4	Not a restaurant that I would recommend as a first date, but definitely something to try when you have munchies since they're open 24 hours. This restaurant is pretty new in the area. Balsamic salad with chicken was very good and big enough to fill up yourself. I tried the famous cheesecake topped with strawberries and I also liked it.Service was great, fast.
4	We came on a Saturday for lunch. The server was very friendly. Portions are very big, so consider sharing if you've got a small appetite. The ambiance is like a sports bar, TVs everywhere and comfy seating.
3	Pretty delicious smoked meat sandwich.  Unfortunately I couldn't get it this time around because they say to avoid deli meats while pregnant so I got chicken tenders and fries, which were also pretty decent.  This is one of my Dad's favourite spots to hit when he comes into town and I have to say I was extremely jealous of his smoked meat sandwich.  I will definitely be coming back for one as soon as I am able.   Prices are a little high, but service is friendly and the restaurant is clean and spacious. No complaints overall.
3	Very good like all other dunn's. This one however was a bit lacklustre in regards to service.  The smoked meat was good but a bit greasy and the fries were also a bit too over fried.  It's still a good place for good ol' montreal food.  Recommended.
2	I'm giving this restaurant 2/5 stars because I really didn't find the food that great. The service was fine, but the quality of the food seemed to be cheap. I ordered the hamburger steak with mashed potatoes, and it seemed like it was a premade frozen hamburger. I was expecting a nice thick dark sauce, but that was not the case (see pic). The taste really wasn't that great. Me friend ordered the Thai salad but it was so spicy she couldn't even eat it.  There were a couple other friends with me also and their food was also just okay. Nothing really stood out or made us want to go back.
2	The food is excellent and the kitchen service is fast - but our waitress, despite being personable and bilingual, was slow to care for us. We had 2 young children with us and even with their best behaviour the wait was too long for things like taking our order, clearing the plates, bringing a dessert menu and especially bringing our bill. I watched people in other sections who arrived after our meal was served clear out before us. Eventually our children melted down and everything went downhill, and it's upsetting because it was avoidable.
