5	This place is excellent.  Great hours (8-6 M-F, 8-4 on Saturday and closed on Sunday), fitting room in the front area and fast service.  I brought in a blazer that I needed some finishing touches added to it on Tuesday and it was ready on Thursday - no rush fee.  And it was pressed for me and everything when I picked it up.  Pretty inexpensive for the hand work that was done to my blazer - pick stitching and a boutonniere hole that needed to be added to the lapel.
4	Very good service and quality of work.
5	Excellent alteration work, the tailor Alberto and his wife are very sweet, prices are great! Alberto is the last good tailor in Pittsburgh!!
5	In an age when tailoring is becoming a lost art, this is the place to go to have your clothes tailored rather than merely altered.  Pasquale is an artist, offering bespoke suits, shirts and jackets, as well complete tailoring of off the rack items.  His knowledge of constructing a suit from scratch allows him to alter a suit's chest, waist, jacket length, shoulders, lapel, etc. - services I have not found elsewhere.  He has an artists eye and will tailor your clothes to fit your entire body, not just sleeve and pant length.  Pasquale does the fitting and tailoring himself, so you are assured of quality throughout the process.The emphasis is on quality craftsmanship, so some patience helps, though Pasquale often helps those who have an emergency and need something done in short order.  The atmosphere of the shop is casual and friendly.  The prices are a bit more than some other shops, but considering the quality of the work and the hours of craftsmanship involved, they are really dirt cheap.If you have never had a suit (or other item) expertly tailored, I highly recommend bringing something to Pasquale.  The difference to standard alterations is akin to that between a Ford and Ferrari.  Pasquale has tailored all my suits, etc., even those I had previously had altered elsewhere.  If I sound like I'm proselytizing, its because I'm a convert.
5	My daughter's prom dress needed alterations that were very minor and we were on a tight deadline.  Time snuck up on us and we needed the dress fixed in 48 hours or less.  The gentleman who assisted us looked at the dress and said that he would shorten the tie-back for the halter dress and move the hook for us.  Because the job was so minor, he did it for free.  That is excellent customer service!  The dress fits my daughter perfectly and I am excited to see how beautiful she's going to look at her boyfriend's prom tomorrow.  Alberto & Pasquale rocks!
5	I am in between standard suit sizes, which makes finding an off-the-rack suit remarkably difficult. The jackets are either a bit too tight or far too boxy. I tried a number of suits in several price ranges ($400 to $1,500), but nothing seemed to fit quite right. I finally found a 42R online with a great fit in the chest. Unfortunately, when it arrived, the jacket came in too far near the stomach and midsection, and the shoulders were just a bit too wide. I thought there was no chance with this one- these are some very difficult (and often expensive) alterations to make. I was ready to give up and simply return the suit, but I thought I'd bring it into Alberto & Pasquale to get their thoughts. At the time, I was leaving for Washington D.C. in three days and I was in bad need of a suit.To my great surprise, they said the alterations wouldn't be a problem. I was even more surprised when they told me to give them a call on Friday (the day before I left) to see if the suit would be finished! 3 days to make several rather complex alterations is simply unheard of. On top of all of this, prices were extremely reasonable considering the work being done. I called on Friday, and the suit was finished and pressed. I now have a suit that fits me perfectly, and I couldn't be happier. If you need any alterations done (particularly on suits), I strongly recommend Alberto & Pasquale. Legendary skill on top of incredibly fast service and reasonable prices has made me into a lifelong customer.
5	I never write reviews but I HAD to right one because this was such an incredible experience! Alberto & Pasquale's is the best tailoring I've ever seen. I needed two suits and a shirt tailored and I needed it done in about 3 days. They accommodated my needs and actually got it done a day ahead of schedule...INCREDIBLE!Quite frankly, this is how business should be done. Very kind and attentive service and I couldn't be happier with the tailoring. Everything fits perfectly! A very stylish, modern fit is what I wanted and it's exactly what I got.The experience was so positive I can't recommend it enough. If you're in Pittsburgh and need tailoring, come here!
5	I've gone to a number of tailors over the years in search of one who consistently produced the results that I was looking for.  After I found Pasquale, he quickly ended that search and earned my long-term business.  His work is high quality, and it has always been completed quickly and at a fair price.  The same can also be said for John, who began working with Pasquale this year.  Both of them provide fantastic customer service and are always a pleasure to work with.
