3	This place is really not too shabby! I almost feel bad only giving 3 stars, but it's nothing to write home about. It's just terribly convenient, given that I work next door.The staff is friendly. They've got ginormous breakfast croissants. They have spicy ramen noodles which are actually very tasty, and they actually manage to make them a bit spicy! Bundle that all up and add a bow of very decent prices, and I call this place a win. I've been finding myself there a good few times recently. Matter of fact, just yesterday I had both lunch and breakfast over there!
4	This ah natural  store/restaurant  is a nice spot to hVe breakfast I had the buttermilk pancakes wife had crabby pant omlet service great food hit the spot
4	This place is fantastic! I have been to Lucy's twice now and I have been pleased with my meals. The first time I stopped by I ordered a sandwich and it was delicious. There are just too many chain restaurants around the valley, so I love to try something new. I will be a frequent customer!
5	I have lunch here all the time. Staff is really friendly, always gets my order right, and remembers me. If you're looking for Asian food, they do it really well here. they use quality ingredients. No fast food kind of ingredients here. The salads always fresh and the chicken and rice are always cooked right. The restaurant is clean and cool inside, and the people are really nice. Just a really welcoming environment.
5	I found Lucy's on Google Maps and decided to visit this little establishment.  It was convenient and near my workplace.  I'm so glad I picked this venue for lunch!  Staff was super friendly and is family owed.  I LOVE small cafe such as this place, they always have great food and service!  I got the Thai Chicken Wrap with Peanut sauce and a side of fries.  The wrap was amazingly good and very light!  Just what I was looking for.  I couldn't believe that they incorporated the taste of a Vietnamese spring roll into this wrap, x the vermicelli noodles of course but it was such a great twist to the taste with Hoinsin!  I am loving my Thai Chicken Wrap! The owner also informed me that they deliver and to just call next time!  What a GEM of a restaurant I've found!  I will def be ordering from them again and be spreading the news about them.  Good find for the day!
5	Love this place! I get their chicken salad almost every day for lunch. Staff is always friendly and makes you feel at home.
1	I had a good experience with their delivery service but the last 2 times it has taken over an hour to receive my order. My office is only 0.73 miles from their location. The latest time I called them back twice and was simply given a "sorry about that" response. I do not plan on ordering from here again.
