5	I had dinner at Angela's Kitchen very recently with another couple.  I must comment that the food was nothing short of spectacular.  I ordered the traditional lasagna and it was incredible with a homemade meat sauce.  It was neither too spicy nor too salty.  Everything is prepared from scratch and not microwaved as is very common in chain restaurants.  For desert I ordered the cheesecake and once again it was prepared from scratch.  It was a wonderful meal and I  plan on retuning very soon.
1	We have eaten at Angela's several times, with friends, in hopes that it would I prove; it hasn't! The food is terrible, the prices are way too high for a senior community and the service is not so hot either. I would stay away! Lovely location though.
4	Stopped in here last night after my sister told me her positive experience she had,  the place was hopping on a sat night and we sat on the patio, good wine, versatile and interesting menu and nice ambiance make for a winning combo. Service is excellent as well as management being super supportive during a issue that was resolved beautifully.
3	We have been to Angela's twice.  First time was a Thursday evening, just my husband and myself. We had their Thursday night Prime Rib special.  We did not have anything from the bar.  The Prime Rib dinner was very good the petite serving very adequate for both of us, very good flavor, served with a baked potato & butter, green beans with onion rounds and grilled yellow & red peppers.  I took some home with the potato.  Second time, last night!  Our party had four couples.  Then Angela came with the waitress and told me that the computer did not come up with the chicken for the salad, (exactly what that meant I did not know) but she said my salad would be delayed, so gave me a bowl of their Tomato Bisque, excellent.  When my salad came it was. A normal size bowl lots of green leafy lettuce a nice cut of chicken breast very flavorful.  All of us ordered drinks fr the bar, very pricey,  Martini $10, my Riesling wine $8 a glass.  None of the specials came with a veggie, no side salad, no bread on the table.  That was the way it was with the prime rib, no small side salad, no rolls/bread.  The decor there is very well done, beautiful view from the entire dining area, but very very noisy.  Our entire party of four couples are Sun City Grand residents and want to see this place survive.
3	3.5 stars is what i would like to give but not an option on yelp. Anyway. Nice job remodeling and BIG improvement from crappy digusting Dillons. Nice portions and decent quality in nice enough surroundings. Crabcakes were plentiful with crab, pest pasta with fresh basil. All in all solid faire. Service was pleasant enough and nicely timed. Well done, we will be back.We went back last week. Service SUCKED. Food honestly was not as good as first visit...uh oh...inconsistency KILLS.
2	Ordered the Penne Ala Vodka. It's a tasty pasta with chicken in a light creamy tomato sauce. This meal the chicken was like shoe leather, with some pieces being inedible. Waiter said oh yea the chef overcooked the chicken. That's it. No sorry, no comp meal, no nothing.
5	I have eaten here at least 10 times and have almost always found it to be great.  The service tends to be above average and the food very good.  Only once or twice did I think the food was not so great (the turkey burger could have less spice) but overall this restaurant is great to have in the neighborhood.   The deserts are very tasty (I love the cheesecake) The setting is very nice with beautiful views of the golf course.
5	Mmmmmm!!! The best pork shank I've ever had , and Angela's signature cheesecake tastes like its straight outa the big apple... Great atmosphere, and wonderful service what else can you ask for . Awesome happy hour also !! Definitely will be back !!
5	Great staff and super menu. We have been dining here since opened. It is about time our beautiful community had a great restaurant! Angela's a great menu...try the Coco ut Shrimp Appetizer...or the Beet Salad...then try the Clams and Linguini .then No wait for the servers to know you from a previous dining experience and bring you the wine you enjoy!!! Thank you Forest, Paul , Joe and Kayla!  Vince, Mario, family...we feel a part of the success you have earned!Love this restaurant and all it offers to the snobby residents of our community, Sun City Grand!!!
5	Service was immediate and friendly. Ihad the rueben sandwich that was great. The hand cut fries were to die forMeatloaf, pork chops and fish and chips were very good as wellCreme brulee , apple bread pudding and peach panicotta , all home made were light, tasty and well portionedThis is a family business , not a corporate chain that is worth trying and coming back! We have been here 3 days this week One of the best and unique restaurants on the west side -  in Sun City Grand bit open to the public!!We will will be back !
5	Great place.  Came with parents and their friends.  I wasn't expecting much at an active adult community but it was great.  Great wine list, great service and the food was really good.  Oh the view is great if you sit outside
4	Really enjoyed Angela's Kitchen.  I went for lunch and it was excellent.  We had the Calamari  which was amazing with Artichokes  in it.  Likewise the schnitzel and fish and chips were outstanding.  Nice atmosphere, friendly service, and nice view.
5	Had a great meal at Angela's. Very fresh and well prepared. I feel it's one of the best restaurants in the surprise sun city west area. We had the salmon and it was excellent. On par with the restaurant at Cortabella
5	WOW! What a surprise, We use to eat hear when Dillons what at this location. Have not been back here since they moved. Wife over heard someone talking about Angela's, they said the food was pretty good? So we ended up trying Angela's for the first time! Well, It's now one of our favorites in Surprise. We first had their BBQ ribs appetizer, very surprised by how tender it was but also it had a crunch? Turns out after they slow cook their ribs, and the meat actually just falls off the bone. They deep fry them before serving, never heard of this before. And it worked. Wife had the BLT, not much you can do with a BLT. But it was very good. Overall we had a very good time. Service there was great, manager came by and said hello. This is going to be one of our regular stops.
2	WOW!  All the 4 and 5 star reviews.  I'll not question their opinion....I'll only say that after 6-8 visits here, (usually at lunch), I would never go there again.
5	My grandma and I LOVE coming here!We've enjoyed the updated menu and new items. Great selections of salads, entrees, and appetizers, few local AZ beers on their selection and nice cocktails. We often bring friends and family who are in town for a visit.I always get the lamb sliders, without fail...except the last visit I was in a fish and chips mood. :-) And I wasn't dissapointed! The fish was delightfully crispy and well-seasoned, not too 'bready'.The patio can get really busy on a nice day..be prepared to relax and wait a few extra minutes for service if you choose to be seated outdoors.
4	We stopped in for lunch and we were pleasently surprised. Very clean updated decor, fast friendly and attentive service nice menu and the food was excellent. Everything is made in house even the fries.
1	They are trying however they fall way short. Food.....well lets say it seems they focus on plating rather then cooking technique. Quality of product seemed almost like "Restaurant Depot" bought. Anyhow we  thought with the star rating it has it was going to so much better!!!
4	We moved to Sun City Grand a few months ago and I'm only disappointed that we didn't discover this place sooner!  We have eaten there 8 times and have enjoyed the food, atmosphere and service every time!
1	We were their last night between 5:30 to 6:30 p.m with friends , the noise from the bar area was terrible  . Even worse was the food we had, not one person at our table had a meal that they said they enjoyed. ! We had Izaiah  as our waiter and he offered to get us something else but we were afraid to try something else .
2	I really wanted to like Angela's. It's close to home, the prices are reasonable, and the service is friendly. Sadly they are really struggling in the food department. The plates look stunning but fall short on taste. My medium rare steak arrived well done and unseasoned. It was obvious that the cook forgot about it as it was very dark on one side and the other had almost no color. Culinary 101, season meats before cooking people. It's not that hard. Service was friendly, a little slow, but I don't like to be rushed at dinner so it was ok with me. The drinks were made well and dinner for 2 with drinks was $75. I might try it again if I knew they had a new kitchen staff.
1	Food is good ! Service is however not good! We asked to not rush the meal before the appetizers and while still eating our salads dinner arrived. Waitress then brought the check and never offered coffee or desert. Both of which were wanted.
2	We were there last night. Very crowded but scored a table outside. The food was pretty good but the waitress we had was miserable. We asked her to not bring the meal til we had finished salads. Of course that request was ignored and the dinner showed up shortly after salads. She then brought the check before asking if we wanted coffee or dessert. I like the place but after last night we will rethink going there.
