5	My first visit and I was pleasantly surprised. The Shack caught my eye on a hot day out in Vegas and I am SOO glad I stopped! Growing up I was very fond of Snow cones or snowballs, Back home we call them Raspas and I love them ! The ice was so light and fluffy and the variety of flavors was really cool.  Staff was really nice and talkative and pretty informed about all of their products so that just added to the experience. I will definitely be back, pretty often actually. I can't wait to try every flavor and start mixing them up too!
5	Best shaved ice I've had in a long time!! The vanilla topping makes all the flavors taste sooo yummy! Open late and prices are very fair.
4	Are you all hot and sweaty?!Come here for some yummies! This is a mix of a regular sno cone and shave ice. Now Idk why but I thought it was supposed to be like shave ice, you know, like sno ono!? NOPE. Here its in between. The place itself is in the parking lot of a Presbyterian church by shell and pizza hut. If you dont keep an eye out, you will miss it!!You drive here park and check out their flavors, I tried the mai tai, pineapple, and tigers blood. I also got a large which was 4$ but they have med for 3$ and childs for 2.25$. Keep in mind this is a 1 man operation!! So if youre behind a line of ppl you will have to wait a bit! As I was waiting for my treat to be made I noticed the other flavors, they have a lot of different ones, which is ok, but Im all about the quality, not quantity!!My concoction was served up, I was soooo excited and took a bite! Yummy was the first thought but then I was a little sad bc it was all fluffy and smooth like sno ono. The Mai tai was super yummy and after 1 minute they all ended up going to the bottom of the cup and mixing : ( within 3 mins I had a cup of syrup! BOO!! They should look into different cups, like the kind from sno ono! That way its melts with the syrup but you still have sno! Here it a cup, but if you dont eat the top it will melt and you are SOL!Perhaps I will come again, the little dude making it was pretty nice and very patient! I probs only give 3 stars but the mai tai flavor was ace!! So go cool your bawls off and get a little shaved ice!
3	This little polka dot shack is located in the Shells gas station parking lot on Durango & Arby. The first time we came here the lady had already closed up shop so she kindly gave us 2 free shaved ice coupons for next time ;]]] We came back the next day and ordered 2 large ones which was a mistake because they are HUGE! haha In addition to your pretty standard shaved ice flavors they have sugar free and also clear flavors so you don't have to worry about blue teeth! I like to top mine with sour spray and also lihing powder for an extra 25c! There is only one person working so each order takes some time. They have a little table you can wait at and I suggest you eat a little before taking your treat into your car so you don't have any accidents. The ice is soft and perfect for a hot day but it melts fast! The one bad thing about this place is that the shaved ice overflows out of the cup they give it to you in. They should invest in better containers like Snow Ono's~ Hot Tip: Don't forget to ask for a stamp card!!!
4	Soooo good on a hot sunny day! Not the best shaved ice I've had but still satisfying. Plenty of flavors and toppings to choose from. Definitely worth stopping by. There's usually one person working so be patient if there are customers before you...... and I do agree with Julie K. The cup/container/box that they put the shaved ice in does leak so I suggest eating it quickly and carry tons of napkins if you're eating it in the car
5	All I have to say that this is the best Shaved Ice in Vegas. I adore the containers we recieve them in. The coating garuntees no leakage. My small Shaved Ice was so plentyful I put mine in the freezer and had some later that day.  Sometimes there is such a long line to get the Shaved Ice however that is because it is a great product.  Number one in my booK!
5	Awesome!! Sooo yummy. The girl that works there is super nice!
5	Closest thing to the legit Shaved Ice from Hawaii. My boyfriend & I are from Hawaii & obviously, it's hard to compare but we were ecstatic for this little shack parked at a gas station!We went to the Durango location & it's basically a one-person business. We were the first ones there since we got there once it opened so there was no wait but I'm sure if a crowd comes all at once, it'll be a bit of a wait.But it's worth it! The ice is shaved as snowy as possible. Various syrups and toppings to choose from. Sizes and prices are reasonable. The container is basically those Chinese takeout containers? Haha. No drips or anything, so no complaints!It's unique and cute! Make sure you get a stamp card!
5	Mmmmm..... That's all I can say. The variety of flavors is awesome!! Anything you can possibly think of in flavors they have!! The sizes are freaking huge I recommend getting the kids mini cause the regular is way too big! Prices are right on and its perfect for this beautiful Vegas weather!!
