5	CORAL is a seriously cool boutique. By contrast to its traditional location in an old Dilworth house, CORAL's lines are modern with the right amount of edge. You won't find any of their current lines (such as Vena Cava, Thread Social, Sass & Bide, 291 Venice) anywhere in Charlotte. In fact, you probably won't recognize most of the other up-and-coming brands they carry. I sure hope they keep it that way! Prices range: $200-$500
5	I will give this adorable little NY/Milan style boutique all 5 stars since it's rare to find a beautiful and unique place like this in Charlotte.  This is the place to go to if you need somthing different, modern, fashion-forward, and sexy.  Here are 5 reasons why I liked this place: 1. Labels-Brands. Cannot find anywhere else in Charlotte2. Private Parking Lot - in Dilowrh too! 3. Helpful Staff - not stuffy at the least. Very trusting and engaging. Suggesting a style but not pushy.   I liked the approach. 4. Cheese & Crackers - nice touch!! 5. Ambience - intimate shopping experience.  The place sort of sets the mood.  Wants 2make you buy a sultry & sexy dress then go home and book a ticket to Rio or San Juan!I predict this place will do very well!5 Stars!
4	So purty! Oh Coral, if I had a bazillion bucks to spend on stunning and unique dresses, pants, jewelry and the like I would just set up a cot on East Blvd and saunter in daily. Coral is seriously cool. The prior reviews cover it pretty well, so expect to take in a ton of eye candy when you make your way throughout the shop. It's open, airy and damn refreshing. The staff are incredibly friendly and laid back - another breath of fresh air considering the price point of the majority of the pieces here. That being said, you'll be hard pressed to find an item under $180 unless you're looking at accessories or TKees sandals (which I am now obsessed with). With some brands I've never heard of and some that are just gorgeous (Vena Cava, Cynthia Vincent, Matt Bernson, Thread Social), Coral is a fab shop to peruse and find a very special item. The selection is modern with a bit of an twist, which sets it apart from man other boutiques in Charlotte. Don't pass by the stunning jewelry either...it may be pricey but the craftsmanship is very admirable.
1	I have been in Coral several times.  While I do like their selection of clothes, the personalities of the girls who work there could use some help.  Every time I have stepped foot in the door, they have both been glued to their cell phones or laptop the whole time and will barely look up at me.  When you actually do have a question, they act snooty and uninterested. I am a huge advocate for small business and if it were mine, I would be more attentive and enthusiastic about my shoppers.
1	I purchase most of my clothes from small boutiques like Coral.  I find the selection to be very very limited.  I do like the unique selection they do have though.... There just isn't much of it.  The young staff is snotty and rude and I have now witnessed this on 3 occasions.  Disappointing because Charlotte could really use more quality boutiques with unique items.  I won't be returning.
2	I like their selection, but their customer service is amateur hour.
