2	Some of my golfing buddies were visiting, and we were heading for We-Ko-Pa for a day of golfing.  It was an early tee time, so we decided to stop in Fountain Hills for breakfast. Since we are always trying to find a good breakfast, and aren't afraid to try new places, we decided to stop at Flapjacks. It is located in the Basha's shopping area, and not to difficult to find. Now we are all big breakfast people.  We like big country style  breakfasts - which we hope will get us through to Happy Hour time. Their menu was interesting, had a number of different choices, and we all ordered something different.  One of our group is a picky eater - actually he is a pain in the a**.  But the waitress was very nice and accommodating, and the food actually came as he had ordered it.  That said, we were all slightly disappointed.  The servings were small and the food was average. The two pancakes that were included with the meals were very good, but only about twice the size of dollar pancakes.  There was nothing special or outstanding to recommend the place - and it is to far out of the way to make a special trip for breakfast unless you live in Fountain Hills.
4	Staying at the Casino in the middle of freaking nowhere? Yeah, me too. Don't have breakfast there, ask the super awesome people at the front desk for directions to this place.What to order? Blueberry Almond Croissant French Toast with Maple Syrup... holy desert amazingness... and yes splurge for the maple syrup.  The owners were so cool and super involved in their business which I love. Since I told them I would be back the next morning, they saved my unused maple syrup just for me so I wouldn't have to buy another one the next day!What's with the Flapjacks? Personally I think they're just really good pancakes. Where I come from Flapjacks are more like crepes but as far as pancakes go, pretty yummy.What about eggs and stuff? The omelette I tried was good as it should be, but I wished I had ordered another french toast dish since that was so great. Eggs are good but I recommend sweet over savory here.Other randomness...1. They open at 7:30am. So if you're an early riser go kill some time first.2. Order from the special menu. They are called specials for a good reason. They're special :-)3. Coffee is yummy and they have real cream and Sugar in the Raw which I appreciate.4. It's about 15 min. drive from the Casino here and its worth it. Especially since Casino breakfast is lame and waaaay overpriced.
3	This is definitely the place for something a little different.  If you can find it .. don't listen to google maps ... Flapjacks is on the opposite side of the street!My friend had the Banana Nut oven baked pancake and I had the Pecan Crusted french toast.  The oven-baked pancake was huge and the french toast was tasty.  The staff was very friendly and the owner came over to chat for a few minutes as well.  He is definitely passionate about his food!  My only complaint would be about the coffee cups .. they smelled like they might have been dried by a sour smelling dish towel.  Other than that, the food was good and definitely filling.
5	Just a 15 minute drive down Shea Blvd. from the 101 in scenic Fountain Hills, this place is quite a find.   If you want fantastic food, hands-on owners who seem to love what they do and really care about their customers, then you have found a great place to head to.Flapjacks is a small strip mall "hometown" place (Bashas' Plaza -  on the corner of the strip closest to La Montana).  Two of us misunderstood that lunch hours during the week are to 2pm only during the winter.  We showed up a little after 1pm which was the current close time.  The owner graciously said we technically are closed, but don't worry we'd love to have you stay.  She told us the 2pm hours would be officially starting back very soon.  Genuinely nice and didn't rush us in the least.Everything is delicious.  The German pancakes are huge and light and fluffy - leaving you happily filled but not with that overstuffed needing a coma nap feel after regular pancakes.   The apple walnut ones are my favorite so far.  And syrup is nice, but really not needed on these.Specials on the board are always worth a try.  The Goat Cheese and Fig Grilled Cheese at lunch is surprisingly delicious and not too sweet.  Homemade soups are fantastic as is the coffee.Saturday mornings can be a bit packed so be prepared for a little wait in a line out the door on a really busy day - but the food is worth it!
4	I love this place...I use to come all the time but now I work too much and don't get a chance to stop in but man is this place amazing....the rosemary potatoes are killer omelet selections are to die for and the specials are amazing...and did I mention that HUGE pancake thing they make well worth the wait and share it!!! :)
5	Fabulous little spot.  Hubby had banana and nutella stuffed French toast and two perfectly cooked over easy eggs,  I'm not into sweet stuff for breakfast, but he loved it.  Me...I had the Manhattan omelet ....one of the best omelets I have ever had.  Not a big pancake fan, but the ones with my omelet were wonderful.  We're looking forward to enjoying more items on their menu before heading back to the rainy, but beautiful, northwest.  Service outstanding.  Definitely go to Flapjacks!!
4	Great German pancakes.....friendly staff......
4	I have passed by Flapjacks a bunch of times since moving here from San Diego but had never tried it until a few weeks ago. We have only been here for breakfast but the food is really good and the service outstanding.Pancakes- light, fluffy, eggy pancakes. They are like crack, and are some of the best I have had at any restaurant. The nut pancakes are to die for too.Omlettes- I prefer the manhattan with spinach, bacon, and jarlsberg. Light and fluffy eggs, plenty of bacon, but skimpy on the cheese. Dutch baby pancake- very good and very similar tot The Original Pancake House or home made. Haven't tried the specialty varieties but I hear they are good.Coffee - better than most breakfast restaurants.Service - outstanding. Very friendly, down home service. They are there to fill your coffee cup every few minutes or so.
4	OMG-This is my new favorite place for breakfast!  But I'm bummed it's in Arizona and I can only come here once a year when I'm in town for Spring Training. I had the turkey, brie, baby spinach & cranberry grilled cheese on 9-grain (yes, for breakfast).  It came with a shot glass of their tomato basil soup.  Wish I had more of that little gem. The sandwich was perfectly grilled; cheese was nice & melty but not so much that it dripped out. He had the blueberry nut croissant french toast.  It came with almonds but as he doesn't like almonds, the waitress suggested pecans and he was a very happy camper.  Owner/chef cleaned the table & came out to chat later, coffee was perfect, wait staff was perfect, food was unbelievable.  Wish I could eat here every day.
1	Very disappointed at last two visits.....they ran out of almost everything (bacon, pancakes) and the owner was "rude" .....how about better planning and an apology o your loyal customer. Worst thing.....I had called 30 minutes prior, then waited inline 35 minutes just to find out "oh we ran out of...."
5	Best breakfast in Fountin Hills bar none! Very busy on the weekends so plan to go early. Excellent service and a great selection of breakfast entree's
5	This is one of the best breakfast places we've ever eaten at. Unbelievable pancakes and omelets. Found the place and ate there two mornings in a row. Would have gone back for lunch too but we weren't in the area. It's not fancy but for goodness sake go for the food.
2	Beware of the hype.  If people are being honest, this place is a slow service version of Denny's.  My wife and I and my 17 month old baby drove out to Fountain Hills specifically to try this place and had to wait 45 minutes just to get our food.  It wasn't that busy, so something must have happened to one of our dishes or the order was forgotten.  When our food finally came, I thought we had been "Punked".  Very mediocre and over priced, but my primary disappointment is the lack of regard for my 17 month old daughter going nuts sitting in her high chair with nothing to eat.I am tired of restaurants that don't understand the limitation of patience with young children.  I shouldn't be punished by a cranky baby, because a restaurant can't keep their act together.Shame on you Flapjacks!
5	I was shocked to see the two star rating.  I recently moved here after living in San Francisco, CA and Liberty Lake Wa.  I actually make an effort to try pancakes anywhere and everywhere I can.  I had been on an uneventful search in The Scottsdale area, and yes I tried Butter's, then voila! Flapjacks! Up until now the best pancakes I had ever had was at a hole in a concrete tilt up on the Napa river in California.  It took me ten years to find that place.  Flapjacks has the best original pancake.  The extra expense for the Vermont maple syrup is well worth it!
5	Great food, great staff and Laura, (the New owner) knows what she is doing!
4	Whoever said this is just "a slow version of Denny's" is being ridiculous. This is a really comfortable, family-owned and operated cafe' with amazing pancakes. They have regular pancakes, but also these amazing German-style pancakes which are, as someone described elsewhere, a cross between a crepe, a buttermilk pancake and a souffle. They fill them with all kinds of things - you choose - like cranberry/orange or apple or pecan. I got the apple and it was kind of like an apple cake but more souffle-ish. No syrup necessary, but the syrup they do have is the real thing, not the corn syrup crap. We went on a Sunday morning around 11am and did not have to wait a minute for a table. The owners served coffee and made sure everyone was happy. If I lived in the Phoenix area, this would be a go-to spot for weekend brunch.
4	This is an awesome place for breakfast...a little pricy but good food & different food.  Anything they have on their menu is usually pretty good.  It is quite popular for a small place in Fountain Hills.  I do like eating there.  Awesome breakfasts.
4	Our meal was absolutely incredible at Flapjacks. I read online that we should be prepared to wait in line on a Saturday morning. We didn't need to. Had no problem getting a table for 8. The restaurant is located in a strip mall and is not that impressive to the eye. It's very clean and simple on the inside. They didn't have the blinds open at all, so I took the liberty of opening them slightly to let some natural light in. What the restaurant lacked in ambiance, they made up for in food and service. There was a list of specials on a chalk board that included a quiche of the day, a coconut pineapple oven baked pancake, pigs in a blanket, and blueberry almond croissant french toast (there were more but those are all I can remember off the top of my head). Everybody gave rave reviews on their dishes. According to the party the Pigs in a Blanket were awesome. The sausage was well cooked and seasoned, and the pancakes were light and not too sweet. The blueberry almond croissant french toast, which sounded like it would be sickly sweet, was well balanced and delicious. The palisades omelet was great, and the toast and potatoes were average and what you would expect them to be. The blueberry pancakes were "delightful." My husband got the apple nut oven baked pancake. It came out fully puffed up and deflated as it got to the table. It was delicious (I stole more than a few bites), the apples were the perfect consistency and it was sweet enough that it didn't need syrup, but not so sweet that it was difficult to eat the whole thing. He also ordered a side of sausage, he said it was cold in the middle, and the waitress quickly brought it back to the kitchen and gave him a piping hot order. I ordered the greek omelet, made with egg whites. It was cooked to absolute perfection. It was perfectly stuffed and seasoned. I got the side of pancakes. They were light and fluffy. I put a little bit of butter on them and it was the perfect meal!It was my Father in Law's Birthday and I offhandedly mentioned it to the waitress, when he was asking for raisins to be thrown into his old fashion oven pancake, not only did they throw in the raisins, but they also put a candle in his butter and sang to him. It was a very nice touch. The service was awesome. Two waitresses were constantly refilling coffee cups, water glasses, etc. It was noted several times that the coffee was great at our table as well. I had the Earl Grey tea. They served it already steeped in a teapot and it was delicious.
1	The food is good and that' the reason we put up with so-so service over the last 2 years. But today will be our last time we had breakfast there. It took 60 minutes to get our order without ever being told about the delay. Previously, they ran out of food.....but today was unacceptable.....no serious apology just blaming each other....
3	Great for a no frills breakfast. Service is fine and the food is fresh and well cooked. Wished they had a more diverse menu, if you are looking for breakfast other than pancakes your options are limited.
5	Great food, great staff and Laura, (the New owner) knows what she is doing!
2	Overpriced pancakes....!!!  Service is ok, decor is ok...nothing to be overly excited about!
5	Great for breakfast, esp their German pancakes but a special treat is their Friday night dinners.  Always a selection of four entrees changed every week and wonderful service by owner, Laura and her capable and efficient staff.  Also two salad  and two dessert selections. Reasonably priced.  Bring your own favorite wine and only a $5 corkage fee.  Wife, I and guests have been their approx 5 times over last two months and will return while wintering in Fountain Hills, Az. Definitely a 5 star experience.
2	Owner and cook really trying here, but presentation is completely off, roast beef "special" was dry, sauces are parochial, and manager did the post-meal plate-scrape on our table, right in front of us.Did I mention that the presentation is completely off? Just look at the pics. Ugh. Haven't seen it this bad since 7th Avenue "soul food" fried-till-they-bounce de-presented plate presentations.BYOB with no corkage fee. nice.# Stuffed chicken breasts were the usual sterroid- and hormone-induced gargantuonomous meat hunks which are sadly the norm these days. Boring.# "Root vegetables" were these sad little dried plantain-thingsLittle better than amateur home-made.With the closure of the best french bakery in metro phoenix, Is there *any* proper restaurant in this part of town?Sorry, Flapjacks. Stick to breakfast?
5	This place is great. Hands down the best pancake if German variety you will find! Nothing here is bad. And the owner down to the wait staff are awesome!!
5	A wonderful neighborhood family owned  restaurant where the breakfasts and the service are both outstanding.  This is probably the best breakfast within 20 miles! And if it's not Summer and you want to get in on a Sunday morning, I suggest you get there early!!
1	Overated, Overpriced, and Underserved!  Pancakes and eggs are nothing special unless you count waiting 35 minutes for them.  To be clear..4 pancakes and 4 eggs over easy...35 minutes.  You would have a better experience at Dennys!
4	First of all, I have to say that the staff has always been wonderful when we have been here.  This fall we were in for breakfast on my son's birthday and they made it very special for him.  The food has been great every time also.  The only negatives are that on a few occasions the food has taken an exceedingly long time, and I wouldn't really say this was a brunch place because they close at 1 pm.  Unfortunately we like to eat out after church on Sunday but often times we don't get out until after 1 pm.  Wish they could stay open a little later on Sunday.
5	Great place, had the oven baked Apple pancake, girlfriend had the orange-cranberry pancake, both were really good, service was great, all the employees were smiling and friendly. Would definitely recommend. I will add that we got there around 8:30 and for a table right away, but it did start to get busy around 9, so you may want to show up early.
5	Great food! Very nice staff! Everyone is welcoming and cheery ! The oven baked pancakes are crazy good!! If you are in fountain hills, this is THE place to breakfast!!
3	Came here based on yelp reviews. While the food was good the service was subpar. We signed in because that's what the sign on the window stated, but no server or host person to seat us. One server finally told us we don't need to sign in because it wasn't busy and we can sit wherever. Menu is small, but I prefer that to 4 page menus.Our server barely paid us any attention. Took too long to get our food. She forgot the pure maple syrup I asked for and for $2.50 for a small bottle I wanted it for my pancakes. Bf had to get up to ask her for it because she didn't come by after dropping off our food. We finished our food and sat there talking for a bit before she even came by to clear plates and drop our bill. Service is why I'm only giving it 3 stars and why I wouldn't drive 40min again to eat here.
3	The food here is very good, but overpriced.We were told to sign in on a wait list, which I found redundant, because there were several empty tables available.  After a half hour, we were finally seated, and ordered our food, but never had our coffee, and water refilled.  The coffee is 2.25- at that price I better get a refill or two!  They need to hire more people, the servers seemed very rushed.  At least get some extra person to bus the tables.
5	You can tell this is a very we'll run restaurant. Food is amazing, everyone is cheerful and friendly. It's worth the drive . Clean bathrooms!!!! I always bring my out of town company here.
1	Here we go another year later and another change in ownership, but the way they try to explain why it takes 45 minutes to serve your order is amazing. Things happen, but take responsibility especially if you knew at the time of my order you are running behind. Food is still above grade, but the service sucks.
5	Best breakfast place in Az. Have been to Flapjacks 5 times in the last three weeks and on weekdays and Saturday and Sunday. Each time, the food arrived hot - the toast too. Tried the Veggie Omelette with their homemade salsa and it was absolutely heavenly. Love their potatoes. Got their Apple Pancake which was extraordinary. Coffee was fresh, hot & great and I have to complement Kathy who has that constant smile, great energy; definitely spunky, fun and really took care of us. The other wait staff were I believe Rachel and Rachel who were also good and would refill our coffee cups as they walked by. There can be a wait on Saturday mornings but Kathy was on top of the sign up list and the diners were flowing in and out. Solo diners have the option to sit at the counter and enjoy the newspapers. Love this place. This is my go to breakfast place .  No more " Hopping" as I have definitely been in "Dennyal".
4	Fun breakfast place with a nice menu.  Nothing fancy, but everything's good!
2	The service was mediocre at best, it wasn't too terribly busy and yet our server only came around a few times throughout our entire visit. I had my young son with me and granted he is a handful, but the server was not shy about making her dislike known about him. We waited a very long time for our food, we did order their famous baked pancakes which do take about 20 minutes, however we were never given the option to have the rest of our order brought out sooner. When the food did come out, the pancakes of course were piping hot, but the rest of the food, the eggs, ham, the potatoes were cold.  The potatoes are not tasty, I was not a fan of the eggs either. Although the pancake was delicious. Not somewhere I would go back to or particularly recommend.
2	For the quantity and quality of food here, the prices are overwhelming and outrageous. The omelet was well made and tasted great.Last time I had their potatoes, they did not taste great.A side of fruit consists of: 4 slices of banana, 2 grapes, 2 raspberries, 1 orange slice, 2 slices of cantaloupe All of these things could be overlooked, but on an almost $40 dollar ticket for two people, I do not think so. An order of pancakes and an omelet, with a side of fruit.
2	Overpriced for mediocre foodRecently placed an order to go and was sticker shocked3 blueberry pancakes with real maple syrup $10.48Nice profit margin for them but when feel ripped off you don't get repeat customer's
