1	If I could give it zero stars I would. Never go to Purrfect auto. any of them. Where to begin. ok. I had a check engine light on in my car. and I needed it to pass smog. They gave me a bunch of bs. I only went to them cause i had a coupon where the 60 dollar diagnostic would be waivd if i got it repaired there. they said i had to pay 600 bucks to fix yadayadayada. so i did it. 2 days later my car breaks down on the highway. So i get it towed back to there shop. Then they tell me they arent gonna pay for the tow because my car broke down cause of a belt issue. WHAT!! Bullcrap. Than they tell me it will be another 500 bucks to fix it. Aggravated i said whatever. just fix. Only cause I need a car for work. Than, after all was said and done I looked at the final bill later on after i left and saw they charged me for the diagnostic fee which should have been waived. That was the whole purpose I went their in the first place. Than, the next night I see on the news they were doing a special on all the purrfect autos in town, and hidden cameras revealed they were ripping off customers. No surprise i guess. Tell everyone you know to never go to purrfect auto. PLEASE. for your sake, dont go there.
5	This is probably the 3rd time i have come here, everytime I need an oil change, brakes checked or changed, etc I come to this location! Service and knowledge of the employees is phenomenal. They don't try and rip you off by selling you unnecessary stuff. They save me money by using the best but cheapest parts. They are always quick, I've never had to wait longer than 30-45 minutes for extensive work like brakes, and 15 minutes for oil changes.They always have great deals and coupons so make sure you look for those!
1	Worst place ever! I, seriously, think that all the employees here are scammers! They try to get you to replace your brakes and "claim" that they are giving you a good deal. My brakes were brand new when I went here to only get an oil change. And they also tried to make me feel like a fool since I didn't replace my brakes. The mechanic's remark was, "It's your car; it's your life." Hmmmmm...was that an insult? Idk, but I will never seek service here again!
1	This chain was crap in Los Angeles, and they are crap here in Nevada. So Much for 2nd chances.  Good luck trying to get out of there without them trying to push some other cost onto the bill. They recently came up in the news in a sting operation where they were over charging customers for services not request etc. Stay away from this place.
5	Never thought I'd say this but purrfect auto was surprisingly great. This chain is generally known for cheap $10 oil changes but also has a pretty bad reputation. I hadn't been to one in over 5yrs because I got tired of hearing that the roters on my brand new car were bad. Decided to stop by for a smog check today and maybe I just got lucky, but it seems like a different place. The guy at the desk didn't seem that knowledgeable but he was extremely nice, and would get the mechanics for technical questions. I asked for pricing on 30k service and what was included, the guy was nice and honest. Told me my car came with some kind of spark plugs that are good for 90k so don't let anyone tell me to pay for new spark plugs. Smog check was done within 20 min, I paid $10 vs the $20-30 I was quoted at other places. I'm going to call for pricing on my 30k maint but ill likely just come back here, quote was $170something. They also have a mini fridge with bottled water.
1	COMPLETELY F*CKED MY 3 YR OLD CAR - don't come here even for an oil change.I was previously a fan, and figured the only issue with this place was that they recommend service that doesn't need to be done - not a big deal right? Yeah so a seemingly simple oil change, seems to have lead to them completely effing up my entire motor and I'm going to end up paying Toyota $1300 just for the motor to be disassembled and reassembled to diagnose the problem since it's completely dead. Prelim diagnosis is that "someone" overfilled oil so the entire motor is flooded with clean oil which made the engine seize (while I was on the freeway). Happened less than a week after getting an oil change here, also was exactly a week before I was supposed to move to a new city, so now I've had to postpone everything all because of a simple oil change. Could just be a blown gasket or something, but worst case I will have to pay for a new motor - $2500 for a used one + labor costs. A very expensive lesson, but now I know that even little things can have huge consequences. Regardless of Purrfect Autos being independently owned, just play it safe and avoid them all.
3	These guys were cheap, fast and professional! I have taken several cars to them to look at "issues" we were having and every time they were great about letting us know what we need to do and most of the time it was something easy that we could save money on doing ourselves. Oil changes for $10... Can't beat that with a stick! Too bad our Mini came with a 3 year service plan or I would be going to them! It's kind of hard to find as it is hidden behind the strip mall... But it's totally worth it!
1	I sat and watched them pull out the old oil filters, look around to see if anyone was watching, wipe them off, and put them back on.  That's how they can do an oil change for only $9.99.You can watch people get ripped off all day.  Everyone I know realizes not to go here, but I'm a long time local.
1	Zero stars would be more like it.Have been to this shop and the one near Galleria Mall.They must have a rotating manager since the same guy happened to be at the respective shops on the days I was there.He gave the SAME "Your car needs this and that" sales pitch !All I went for was an oil change and they use scare tactics to upsell as many other repairs as possible.Nothing was wrong with my car on both occassion and it's still running fine today which I was worried about since many of these rip-off shops will damage your vehicle if you don't perform at least some of their "recommended" repairs.I completely believe Max O's review of this place.  Forewarned is forearmed.Beware !
2	I had a coupon i got in a mailer for 9.95 oil change. I go in to get this oil change and I am treated like I am some looser. The grey haird man up front treated my so badly. He ignored me when I cam back to get the car and rolled his eyes when I said excuse me. So I get my car and realize they did not check the fluids or fill up my coolant. I had a funny feeling about two days later so I thought I would check the oil. I was two quarts short. They did not change my oil or I have a big time oil leak. Well I don't have an oil leak but my car does burn some oil. I am really wondering what happened there. I went to another place and they claim my oil needed changing. Hmmmmm what happened there?
1	WARNING! WARNING! WARNING!Whatever you do...DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE!!!We are new to the area and trying to find places for everything.  We received a coupon for an oil change here, and did not Yelp it first...BIG mistake!!!While there they tried to get us to make a claim with our insurance to fix a small chip in our windshield... "it will just keep getting bigger and bigger!"...it has been there for over 2 years.  They actually DID talk some other lady into it!Then then lost the oil plug to our truck....we were waiting for over half an hour for them to find it.  While we were waiting, I saw them trying to pull a truck into one of their bays and actually HIT the wall!  When my husband went in to let the guy know, the mechanics were in trying to talk HIM into calling his insurance to repair the windshield...no mention of them hitting his car against the wall!
1	This place is such a ripoff. While the advertised $9.99 might seem like a good deal, that's absolutely all they do - no topping off fluids or any of the normal things you'd expect to happen. When they called me over to give me a review of my car, they said ALL my fluids were low and needed to be refilled. The guy told me they usually charge $250 for this but that they were having a sale and that I could have them do it for $160. A quick trip to AutoZone and I had all the fluids I needed - window washer, antifreeze, power brake fluid - for less than $25. I did was a quick YouTube search on "2009 toyota corolla antifreeze" and I found videos showing me exactly how to do it (although it's fairly obvious even without the videos). I can't believe they were going to charge me that much money to do something so simple. I'll never go back to this place again.
1	What a disaster....At most other places, a smog check takes about 5 minutes, at Purrfect Auto, it takes an hour and half. I made the mistake of getting lured in by the promise of a $10 smog check. I came in around 3:45 expecting to be out within a few minutes. Around 5pm sitting in a waiting room full of pissed off customers, the service manager comes in to tell us that "they ran out of certificates" for the smog check and to come back tomorrow.After getting yelled at by a bunch of elderly ladies, he returned 20 minutes later to inform us that he had magically conjured up some more certificates and that we would all be done soon. His attitude along with his staff's was disgusting. Nobody cared that there was a room full of people waiting for something that takes 15 minutes. They don't tell you that it takes hours for a smog. The waiting room is hot and reeks of sweat and grease. To add to the experience, the service writers give you attitude if you ask how much longer it takes for them to do a smog check.Though I can't speak for all of them, this Purrfect auto was slow, apathetic, extremely inefficient and overall just a miserable experience. Spend the extra $10 and go somewhere else!
1	BEWARE!!!  This place is a complete SCAM!  I went there a few times for the 10 dollar oil change they ended up stripping out my  oil plug, so I had a leak.  The next time I went in for an oil change they tried to say it was a valve cover gasket that would cost me 180 dollars to fix.  So I went to meineke to get another opinion they said it was just a stripped out oil plug. And that I should go back to the place I get my oil changed and have them fix it , since they are the ones that broke it.  So I went back and they said unless I can prove they did it, they wont do anything about it. So i showed him receipts from the last 3 times I was there for oil changes. Saying the problem had to of happened here, I only get my oil changed here. The manager pretty much said its not our problem unless you can prove it.  WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO VIDEO TAPE EVERY OIL CHANGE I GET??? REALLY ....    So now I have to get a whole new oil pan about 200 dollars plus a temporary fix on the plug until I can afford it..., Cause they can't even do an oil change right.  THEY TELL YOU THINGS ARE WRONG WITH YOUR VEHICLE THAT ARE NOT.  THEY LIE AND UP SELL YOU.  Please don't go here, they are nothing but LYING CROOKS......  And Now I'm out about 250 dollars, because of there LYING and INCOMPETENCE...  You've ben WARNED!!! 10 dollar oil change, YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.... Plus sum extra LIES. A complaint has been filed with the Better Business bureau. If you've been taken advantage of by them, take the time to file a complaint. Its very easy and you can do it online. They need to go out of business!!!!
1	Ouch!!! I should have checked their yelp reviews before I went to Purrfect Auto on Eastern Ave near St. Rose.A relatively small problem on my emissions test, turned into an initial "quote" of nearly $800.  I actually felt like the manager was looking at me as if I represented his next house payment.  As I tried to pay the diagnostic fee and leave, he mysteriously found a way to cut the sales tax and some of the labor out of the package.  Now for only $700 he could make my car pass emissions.  No, again... Then came the final pitch: For only a $200 "deposit", he could keep my diagnostic paperwork active until I could come back and get the work done.Nope!  I'll pay the non-refundable diagnostic fee and leave.  I then requested a copy of the diagnostic print out (since I paid for it).  To add insult to my near miss, they gave me an official looking paper which they said was the report ... Turns out that it was just my invoice, with an "itemization" of the things they "recommended".Lesson learned!BTW, my car is currently at another facility for the same repair.  That place only found one sensor to be defective not the two sensors that Purrfect wanted to replace.
1	I have taken our two cars here for two years, with good results, and courteous treatment.. Usually from a nice Asian girl who treated all customers with professionalism and courtesy.. Well, that didn't happen the last time I went, two weeks ago. There aren't enough parking spaces, so I was in front of the store trying not to park on a red curb.. A mechanic stopped his work to come over to tell me to park next door.. and that he'd "get my paperwork started".  But when I went to the service desk and mentioned what a mechanic outside had said, a young man behind the desk got arrogantly huffy with me, and brushed me aside.. He crumpled up my coupon I had given to him, and threw it down, saying he didn't need my business! Needless to say I left. The manager came after me to find out what happened, but by this time I would rathe have had my oil change done by homeless guys in Las Vegas Wash.Don't go there until they get their internal "rice bowl" problems solved, and learn to remember their salaries are paid by customers.
1	I went in here for an oil change. The sign out front advertises a good deal but with my car I always expect to pay more.  I immediately noticed when I walked in there were signs mentioning surcharges for the basic oil change. The standard oil change seemed fine but then they came out and asked if I wanted my fluids topped off for an additional $10. This is just a simple courtesy at most places. I declined since I check my fluids whenever I wash my car. He then mentions I am nearly out of break fluid and I again decline. I go home immediately to check this out. ***where they try to screw me***I go home and check to my fluids and could tell by the dust under the hood that they never removed the covers to get to the fluid reservoirs. I then found that all my fluid levels were within standard. I should have read reviews before going here.
1	This place deserves zero stars. Full on scam tactics here. Selling things to you that you don't need and telling you things need to be replaced that don't. Amazing that on a "smog check" they can catch so many things that the mechanics at Firestone and Sun Auto all magically missed when they did real repairs the month prior. Everything you will be told here is a complete lie. This place should be shut down and investigated.
5	I had a very good experience here! These folks are fair, friendly and very trustworthy. Whenever the next typical car problem arises, I'll be happy to return to them in the future. (:
5	I don't put up reviews on yelp but this place deserves 5 stars. I came to get an oil change and a auto inspection. The problems where shown to me so nothing was made up. I got my water pump replaced at a good price. Great service!
