3	Out of all the bofa I've been to, this location is quick. Usually when I go in I don't have to stand in a long line. Tops for me is one person ahead of me. Customer service is friendly. Although there's no one to greet you in and ask you what you need help with. It's whatever though. The location really sucks. It sucks for big vehicles. The lot is small and overpacked due to the other businesses in the plaza. As for their Drive thru ATMs, it's like any other drive thru ATM. People don't know what they want to do and hold up a lot of cars which makes the parking lot even more pack. I will keep on going to this location because i could just walk in and out without waiting. :)
2	Tellers are somewhat friendly, but don't understand the point of getting rid of the business line? The jackass doing the greeting said that they got rid of it to make the line less long for non-business clients, but one of the perks of banking with them is so you don't have to wait in a long line when you're trying to conduct a business!  The jerk also stated that all tellers are trained now and can help do business transactions... But the teller that we got took three attempts to make a deposit and make $.12 in change.  Will be looking for a new bank.
1	I think Banks automatically write off reviews on websites such as here on Yelp or Google or what have you due to customers being very critical of establishments that carry their money - a sensitive topic.  And I hate to tell you, Banks, but your customers have every right to demand damn near perfect service when they hand you their hard-earned money and expect to be able to transfer, store, and withdraw it without an issue.  Sometimes emotions run rampant because it's MONEY and it's a touchy subject period but if you can't take the heat get OUT of the kitchen.  So that said - I had nothing but good experiences dealing with the ATMs and drive-thru at this location.  But the one and ONLY time I step foot into the bank - that's when the issues started.  Not one, not two, but three miserable problems in one visit.So at the time I visited, about 3/4pm with my partner in crime in tow, we came for two different reasons - he wanted to talk to them about closing an account, I wanted to withdraw money as well as convert Japanese Yen into American Dollars.  I asked the manager at the center console and she directs us to stand in line - that "they can take care of all of that."We wait fifteen minutes, finally get to a teller who, after I mentioned I need to convert Yen, directs me to sit and wait to talk to a manager.  We sit, wait ten minutes, a manager then walks over and asks us what we were waiting for.  I tell her what we wanted.  She vanishes, then states that they only do conversions until TWO PM.  (What?)  I then mentioned the other two things we want to do and she directs us to a teller - to GET BACK IN LINE and wait another fifteen/twenty minutes to do what we originally waited in line and wanted to do!  When I asked her why the staff had me get out of line and wanted me to wait TWICE and made me wait forty minutes for nothing for a policy that was listed NOWHERE within sight, she stated that she recently transferred from another state and the policies were different.  NO APOLOGY.  No accepting responsibility.  None of that.  Simply, "I didn't know.  Get back in line."  A completely lack of respect for a customer who gives you his hard-earned money to hold and a lack of his time!  The manager on Rainbow and Cheyenne apologized on her behalf and they took care of us in twenty. minutes. flat.  Take that, Rancho and Craig!
5	These guys are really friendly,  down to earth,  and very helpful. I have all my accounts here and I always have fast and efficient results with them. I love that they know me and call me by my first name :)
