4	I feel like a commercial saying it, but Grand Opening is tomorrow! Just wanted to spread the word, this place is also located in the West valley...it's amazing! Along with the usual Thai favorites, this place also has about 20 different vegetarian dishes to delight ALL tastebuds! They usually have lunch specials for under $10 from 11am-3pm. Other than that, bring your exotic appetite and gin tii ni! (eat here) commonly used as in 'for here' :D
5	Found this new Thai place on Christmas Day walking around Old Scottsdale.  What a find!  We did take out tonight and requested "hot" and we got it!!  Excellent curries and sure to be busy soon! Check it out. Friendly service and extensive menu.   Looking forward to going back soon.
5	As I'm Thai, i'll say that this is a very authentic thai restaurant run by a very nice and friendly thai lady. Everything we ordered that day was great. I especially like the creamy red curry chicken. It definitely would be my frequent restaurant if I live in the area.
5	This place is absolutely amazing. I was at an art show across the street, starving, late on a Saturday night and I knew I didn't want to deal with the hustle and bustle of old town eateries, I was so glad to stumble upon this amazing hidden jewel. My boyfriend and I happen to be the only two in the place so our service was of course outstanding. The food was great, we split the crab puffs, which were nothing special but still good. I had the beef fried rice, just the presentation was impressive in itself the so to no surprise the taste was equally well over par. My boyfriend had a chicken curry dish he still raved about days later. The only thing that might have made our experience less than perfect is that I ordered a pear saketini and the glass came only half full, strange, and the music was less then appealing, if I heard another instrumental version of the song from Titanic one more time during or meal I was going to scream, literally it played four times while we we there, which was only about an hour and a half. Over all well worth the price we got out of there just under $45 including drinks.
3	This was my first visit to this place as I work right down the street. I was very impressed!  I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai Noodle lunch special.  It comes with vegetable broth soup before the meal, which was better than what I was expecting.  My dish had a lot of flavor and was a good portion for lunch.  The plate is also served with a salad, egg roll and fried wonton.  I only wish I would have ordered it 'medium' spicy and the dish came with chopped peanuts.  I would, however, definitely order it again.My co-worker ordered the House Fried Rice and loved the dish as well.  He stated that the 'medium' spice was perfect.  His dish also contained a lot of shrimp.  I tried it and it wasn't all that flavorful to me.My only complaint was that when I recieved my food I had to wait close to 5 minutes before my co-worker received his food.
4	They thought that they were going to make me cry "uncle"...or at least cry after I said "very spicy" for the Garlic Beef...and very spicy, it was...but they didn't know who they were dealing with...or "with whom they were dealing", for you grammarians out there:)I like Thai food...more specifically, I like spicy, well made, flavorful Thai food!That's what you get at Touch of Thai...currently holding the title of "Best Thai Food within Walking Distance of my Home":)This is a lovely little spot, a little bit off the beaten path...and by "beaten path" I mean that it is about a block off Scottsdale Rd. and parked between a defunct gym and an "Asian Massage" joint, in between a bunch of offices.It's across the corner from "Giligin's (every now and then you can hear gales of laughter from across the street as somebody "tosses a midget" or something:)The restaurant itself is lovely, with a little courtyard between its two dining areas (kind of an unusual layout), and nice open feel, a pretty little bar area...oh yeah, and the food is terrific!A very nice Thai couple own and operate this place, and the food reflects the love and attention to detail that they put into their restaurant...the young lady that owns the place is also (apparently) the main cook and the other night when The Beautiful Carin and I had dinner, she was very concerned about over spicing the Garlic beef, and came out to see if I was going to be OK, with it (she even offered to remake the dish if I had a problem with it...but I didn't...for whatever reason, I seem to be able to metabolize capsaicin like it's candy:)Other people try to hang with me on the hot stuff and say things "oh my god...I think I just ate the sun" and "it tastes like burning" while I ask for "more chili oil or sriracha, please":)Carin doesn't like the heat so much so we had our Pad Thai (I know, seems kind of boring, but they make the dish so darn well at TOT) at medium spice and our veggie curry at low heat, all tasty and delightful!Speaking of curries, if you are a curry fan, you could worse than to stop by TOT...they have a couple of menu pages seemingly devoted to a wide variety of yellow, red, green, blue, orange, and other rainbow colored curries (I might be exaggerating about some of the colors, but I've had some of the red and yellow curry dishes and they are as good as any I've found around here:)They even have a whole rack of these curry dishes on their lunch special menu ($8.95 for a giant plate of lunchtime Thai:)The next time you're in Old Town, bored by the Modern Steaks and Olive and Ivy's, get off the beaten path and give TOT a spin...they are nice people, good cooks, they seem to find both flavor and heat back in the kitchen...and if you are in the mood, you can stroll down the block after dinner or lunch and get an "Asian Massage" to "settle your stomach" :-)
1	I would hope that I caught this restaurant on an off day due to the taste of my food. I really am not a picky person but the quality of my food unfortunately truly warrants a bad review. I'm not picky but I am trying to adhere to being as honest as possible and I would hope that most people using yelp share a similar outlook so I am also offered legit food reviews.I've had Thai food all over the USA and I've also been to Thailand three times for lengthy trips while being guided around by locals. I do know good Thai food when I have it due to my extensive travels and living near a city like NYC which has many good restaurants for every style of food. One drawback is that once you taste really good food it gives you a more distinguishable pallet so when you have a meal that misses the mark it's extremely prevalent. I had a simple Chicken Pad Thai and an order of  Chicken Satay. Both items tasted like they were covered in pure salt. The Chicken Satay must have been marinated in soy sauce for way too long. It was really enough for me to take only a couple of bites before I actually threw it away. I really never ever throw food away either and will often eat everything on my plate even if I don't particularly love a meal. This was so salty though...again both items...that I really couldn't handle it and had to discard my meal. It's unfortunate but if you have a choice I really would not recommend eating at this particular restaurant if this is normally what it tastes like. I wish that I loved it and had a great meal but it was unfortunately really gross.I know people that own restaurants and know that something can go wrong every now and then but this was really so bad that I could never see myself trying to give it another chance.
4	Stopped by for lunch special.  Delicious. Had to take doggie bag home it was so plentiful.
5	Been going here for months--take out only.  Always consistently delicious, great service.  WHy bother with Malees?  This place is soooooo much better.  I am stuck on Penang Curry with chicken--thai hot!  So many places when you ask for hot, you get not!Please give this place a try--they seem to be slow for the summer.
4	I have eaten lunch here a few times and have not had a bad experience yet. I have yet to eat dinner here but from what I understand it is just as good. The food and service are excellent and their lunch menu is a great value.  The lunch portions are filling but not going to send you back to the office in a food coma. The menu has a nice variety of items and it is all under $10.  So, if you are in Old Town Scottsdale for lunch and in the mood for Thai, this is one of the places to visit. Enjoy!
5	Very impressed on my first visit. Tried Red Curry Chicken Hot and it was no joke. The rice was nice and cooked perfectly. I know that rice is the most mundane part of the meal but if if they can't get that right there's definitely a problem. They are big on curries and have kind of a small menu. Hot is hot here and that's what I'm lookin for. Looks like a young  Thai couple run it and they are super nice. I'll be back for sure..
5	This place has the best Thai food in Scottsdale.  It is located downtown and has lots of free parking right out front.  I have been there three times (once for lunch and twice for dinner) and each time I try something different.  So far I have not been disappointed.  It is a small place but is nicely decorated.  It has a full bar and you can sit at the bar if you wish.  Today I had Chang beer (from Thailand) for the first time and it was great.Very friendly people that speak good English.  Definitely worth the drive from anywhere in the area if you are looking for great Thai food.
5	WOW!!!  I've never even considered getting Thai food before until I was roped into going to this place for lunch with my girlfriend and her parents.   Let me just say I was more than impressed with both the quality of the food and the service.  I will certainly be going back very soon and would highly recommend to anyone I know.
2	Ordered the pad Thai. It was tasteless! Never again.
5	DELICIOUSNESS! That's the word of the day, and it belongs to 'Touch of Thai.' I ate here twice during my last visit to Scottsdale, and I'm already excited to come back in a few weeks! ::wipes drool from chin::I judge a thai restaurant by it's noodle dishes, and the brown sauce noodles here were amazing! It was perfectly spiced, steaming hot, and the veggies were crisp and fresh. I enjoyed a perfect thai iced tea, too! Funny story - I found this place on Yelp the day after I arrived in AZ. When I went in, it was empty, and I was a little nervous. But the minute the food arrived, I felt right at home, stuffing my face with pleasure-inducing food! Mid-meal, this group of cougar conference goers came in and commented on the scent. They eventually asked me to join them for drinks after, but I declined. I was tired :D. When I returned for lunch, I took advantage of their well-priced specials. I had the yellow curry with chicken while fellow Yelper Megan C. tried the red curry with chicken. Yummy, Yummy! Yummy! There was plenty to take home, and I did!.. too bad I left it in the work fridge (Oh, no! I'm one of those!!)Service is fantastic. Prices are just right. Plenty of parking. If you're looking for a gem-of-a-thai-restaurant, try Touch of Thai!
2	Went for lunch with some friends who had heard good reviews. Our experience: not so much.We ordered beer, because they had no mint for my mojito. Ordered another cocktail... barely enough for 3 sips. Their imported beer is good. Food: ordered 4 lunch combos (it's alot of food!) and an appetizer. Three of which came out first before the app; and had to wait an extra 10-15 min for the last entree.... and, unfortunately, found a piece of foil in one of our meals. Other than that: the food is AWESOME!Service: the waiter did his best. It was only him and who seem to be the manager (who wasn't that very nice)MAYBE next time!
4	I go out to eat for lunch only a few times a month so I am always looking to try something new and close by. Touch of Thai is within walking distance of my salon so I wanted to give it a try. For less than $10 I got enough food for 2 meals which is awesome in my book. The cabbage and sprout soup that comes with the lunch special was a generous portion, would have actually been enough on its own. The broth was light and pungent while the sprouts and cabbage had the perfect consistency of soft but not soggy. I ordered the yellow curry chicken, my go to favorite Thai dish. The portions again were generous, the chicken was tender, the carrots crisp and the potatoes melt in your mouth. There was just enough kick to make my nose run. The salad had a nutty dressing that I almost asked for a side of to dip my won ton and mini egg roll in. It is on my list of lunch places in Old Town. I can't wait for the weather to get cooler so I can walk over in a warm sweater and try some of their soups!
4	I will be the first to admit I am sort of a Thai food snob.   The tom yum gai was delish! The pad-thai was so-so.  I have definately had better.  I think that overall though it is for sure worth checking it out!
4	If you are thai food lover, this is the place for you. They even had a seperate vegetarian menu for me. I have been here twice in a week inspite of a galore of restaurants in this upscale neighborhood. The waiter was very polite, I hope to visit here again if I am back in the area.Food price was also very reasonable.
5	Just discovered this absolutely fantastic Thai restaurant!!  We ordered edamame, crab rangoons, Panang curry chicken and pineapple fried rice...  The crab rangoons were some of the best I have tasted (and I've tasted many!!) ...  it is one of my favorite appetizers to order and these tasted freshly made hot from the fryer!The Panang curry chicken was phenomenal .. it has a coconut curry sauce over large pieces of white chicken .. had such a delicious flavor!  I chose medium spiceness (and I am a wimp when it comes to spicy) and it had just the right amount of spicy .. enjoy to clear the sinuses but not leave the mouth burning too much!!The pineapple fried rice was tasty too ... it has shrimp and chicken with pieces of pineapple mixed in to the rice .. was very good!!Definitely will be visiting this place again!!
5	Talk about a diamond in the rough! This place is precariously situated just off of scottsdale road on 4th ave...across from Gilligans. Had I not really looked I may have missed it and I would have been sad because this place is great! My sister and our mutual friend went here last night for dinner and had a really good meal. The food: I love that they have the ability to vary the spicy-ness of the dishes, and then they also bring out several condiments that can make it even MORE spicy if you like it that way. I tasted my sister's curry, which she ordered spicy. I typically hate spicy food but I thought I should at least give it a whirl. I was pleasantly surprised actually! It had so much flavor and just enough bite for me. I ordered the pad thai with tofu, mild, and it was perfect. I still have some left over :). I also ordered some jasmine tea that was delish and my sister and our friend said the plum sake was a great addition to the meal. Ambiance: the restaurant itself is small, but they make good use of the space. The bar is situated in the back, and I enjoy the fact that their bar is understated so as to really focus the attention on the food. The restaurant has some cool decorations that give it flair, without going over the top with asian accessories. Tasteful. Service: there was only one server on the floor, and behind the bar, but given that its a small space he handled it just fine. Quiet, but attentive. For all three of us to eat and drink our total came to around $50, so it was definitely worth the money spent! We will absolutely be back!
4	Such a horrible location, but it's worth the effort to find it (caddy-corner to giligans). Nice curries, some spicy, but none too killer spicy...somewhat unfortunate. But anyhow, their food is always good, minus the occasional overcooked vegetable miscue. Great for lunch if you're close by and don't want to drop Malee's type cash for similar Thai.
4	Smells delicious. It was recommended by Yelp and the reviews are legit. This place is great and fairly undercover. The restaurant was not packed at all. We got in and were promptly served. Portions were huge. I asked for spicy everything and it came out kinda mild but my wife likes it that way. So all in all we will be going back often.
4	Touch of Thai is another great find.  The location is kind of difficult to find if you are going on Scottsdale Road because 4th Ave is not a main lighted intersection.  The restaurant has the decor feel as though I am in Thailand, but it has the classy contemporary feel of Scottsdale.  I got to say, the prices are very Scottsdale.  My only complaint is I think the food is a bit overpriced.  The food itself is exceptional and authentic.  I highly recommend the panang chicken curry.  Most panang seem to use like a peanut base, but this panang had a little different base, which I could not tell.  I have to ask the owner next time I go in.  Panang usually has a sweet and spicy combination taste.  I felt the sweet and spice, but I also felt a tangy and citrus taste to the curry.The owner is very friendly and humble.  He seems very grateful for his customers and values customer first mentality.
2	We had never seen this place and were actually driving around the block to park and eat at Jimmy Woo's, serendipity took over and we went here instead. The North side door says "Welcome" above it but is locked. Go to the East side entrance to get in. You enter into a sort of courtyard sidewalk. The main restaurant is on the right while there are 2 little tables and 2 benches outside and to the left are 2 overflow rooms that were not being used.A man brought us drinks after a while, but we sat there for at least 15 more minutes before someone took our order. We were there for lunch. We both got a large bowl of soup that was similar to egg drop. It had the egg white in it and had quite a bite of white pepper. It was piping hot and tasted good. My hubby ordered the Pad Thai, medium. It was a nice spice level, although he can take it hotter. I tasted it and the noodles were cooked nicely. He enjoyed it. I ordered the Thai Basil chicken mild- I like some spice but not too much. It was not spicy at all. It comes with white rice with black sesame seeds on top which was a nice touch. There is a small green salad with a peanut dressing that was tasty. There was a fried wonton and a small "eggroll". One bit of the eggroll was all I was going to eat. It tasted like rancid oil- I was really surprised and disappointed. My main dish had chicken, a lot of bamboo shoots and onion and a few sprigs of basil. It had a nice sauce and was quite tasty. I was enjoying it until about 2/3's of the way through I hit a sharp rib bone! It had been cut so it had a VERY sharp point. Very dangerous!We had to ask for sauce for the eggrolls and there were no other condiments brought to the table or on the table. I noticed others mentioned that, guess you had a different server. After eatting we waited a very long time for our check. I will say that when I showed him the bone and explained that it was in my food and was dangerous he took my meal off the bill. But, it took about 2 hours to have LUNCH and with the bone and funky eggroll I will absolutely not go back!
5	I came here with friends after a long day of shopping. It's on the Southwest Rapid Rewards Dining list, so we decided to give it a shot.Parking in Scottsdale has always been a hassle, but we were lucky to get a parking spot close to the restaurant after circling around a few times. There was only one waiter at the restaurant, and he was WONDERFUL. The three of us all ordered Pad Thai. It came with 5 or 6 pieces of big succulent shrimp, and TONS of chicken. The portion was very large, but since I was starving I finished the whole thing. My friends like their Pad Thai on the spicy side and they were pleased that the waiter gave them a scale of 1-5 with Tabasco as a reference point of  3. It allowed them to get a good idea of how spicy their food would be.We asked for extra peanuts, and the waiter came by with a side dish full of freshly chopped roasted peanuts. We also asked for extra lime, and he cut up 2-3 limes for us. He topped off our waters without us asking. All of this great service amongst several patrons, including one individual at a nearby table who was extremely demanding and indecisive. Major props to the waiter and excellent/generous chef.
3	The pad thai here is awesome!  I can't really comment on any of the other dishes.  I have only been here twice and the second time I had to get the pad thai again since it was sooo good.  The portions are very large, which can be a bummer when we come for lunch since if I take leftovers back to the office they will get stolen from the communal fridge.  I wish they would create some smaller lunch sized portions at lower prices because it really just is too much food for lunch.The service and atmosphere are great.  Very homey.  Totally different from the other places in the area.
5	Sometimes you want to be like those guys in the circus. You know...those guys that eat fire. Except fire doesn't really have taste...so one night I went with something better than fire...Pad Thai at Touch of Thai.It was a rainy friday, and I was Jonesin for some Thai. I have a special place in my heart for the Thai. If you've ever worked with me, you'll know why. I hopped on Yelp and found this place. I was NOT disappointed. Parking was a bit of a bitch, but I took this to go. NBD.I ordered Pad Thai (extra spicy -- a nine). My nose was running more than a marathoner at the 26 mile marker sprinting towards the finish line. It was a rush of flavor that is not possible to describe in any Yelp review. The owner/guy that is always there is very nice and friendly. Everytime I go in there, he seems to forget who I am. He asks "Have you had Thai food before?" And I have to remind him that I am no amateur. To answer Christian Bale's question....I AM A PROFESSIONAL!If you love Thai food and you are a professional....grab some grub at Touch of Thai. It's the jam.
5	Great food, lovely setting. You get your moneys worth. I have been there 3 different times, all at lunch time on weekdays and each time was as good as the first. Lovely place, quiet, out of the way and great food for the right price.
1	I am surprised by all the good reviews, I was very disappointed with the Pad Thai, it was overpriced, small, and did not taste good. I can't comment on the rest of the menu, but there is much better thai in sdale and tempe. Pass this place up.
4	Really good authentic Thai.  Try the red curry chicken.  This place may have the best lunch deal in town.  $8.95 for curry chicken and it came with soup, egg roll, crab rangoon, rice and salad with a great peanut dressing.
3	I was not impressed with Touch of Thai, but it was still pretty good. I had the tofu red curry. Unlike some other Thai joints in town (namely Thai Basil and Swadee) they deep fry their tofu and then throw it in with the curry sauce and give it a drizzle of coconut milk. Our server was a nice enough guy, but nothing to write home about. They do have a separate vegetarian menu, but I would prefer that it was incorporated with the regular menu. Also I believe they had something like fish sauce or oyster sauce on the vegetarian menu as well, worries me about what their concept of vegetarian is.So, it was a  nice enough experience but I don't see myself going back.
3	As we parked the car, my bf said, "I hope there's room." I was like well it's Saturday lunch time...it should be pretty busy if this is a four stars yelp place. But I didn't see too many cars parked outside so I wasn't really sure. The restaurant kinda looked like a house..I've noticed quite a hand full of Thai restaurants that resembles either a house or a temple...and this one really looks like a house. Scottsdale is somewhat a quiet city I suppose since I am very use to the crowds on the streets of LA on a hot summer Saturday afternoon...but here I guess it's too hot to be venturing on the street. ANYWAYS...before I go off topic again......So we opened the slightly heavy wooden door and to my "surprise" there was absolutely not a single soul in sight. It was so quiet I could hear the crickets chirping...Even the waiter looked kinda surprised when we walked in...he might have been thinking "omg we have customers!." So to be fair I can't judge the service...it wasn't like they were at all busy...for like hour that we sat there only one guy came in to eat...and I believe he might have been a regular since he was chatting with the waiter.The food is so-so. I had the Drunken Noodles with Beef...SoOo I said I wanted mild spicy...NOT NON-SPICY. But it turned out to be NON-SPICY and kinda overwhelmingly salty. It was hot out of the wok but did not have a hint of spiciness to it. I'm pretty sure mild in the level of spiciness means it's still has a little spiciness to it and not totally not spicy....but whenever I order something that's suppose to be spicy and I say mild...they bring me something that's totally not spicy. =/ I find that frustrating because I can't take medium spicy in Thai restaurants...it's like eating fire for the medium I don't want to know how it feels like to eat hot. Sooo I want mild!  Well anyways my bf ordered the Chicken Basil with rice. Chunks of white meat chicken...not to my liking...don't really like white meat chicken but the flavor was also lacking. not really impressed with this place and therefore not sure if i wanna come back the next time...the prices were pretty high too...the waiter told me there's no lunch special so the regular price of my Drunken Noodle dish was like 12 bucks. -_-
3	This is a good place for lunch.  I enjoy the food, very well prepared.  Not a very fancy place, probably a lot of fun for a pre-going out launching place.  Get some spicy food in you, drink some martinis, then hit the town for the night.
4	So before I start my review, I'd like let Yelp know that I don't appreciate my Thai Lahna review disappearing. Where is it Yelp? I just went to the Thai Lahna business page and I know FOR A FACT I left them one review AND one review update and a CTRL+F for "Georgeann" isn't highlighting anything on either page of reviews. I needed that review as reference for this review, as I don't want to hold Touch of Thai and Thai Lahna to different standards. HOW FAIR AND BALANCED OF ME. But I digress.So I originally was going to give Touch of Thai one less star than Thai Lahna. To me, the sauces just weren't as flavorful and the Thom Yom Gai wasn't as orgasmic. That's not to say it wasn't good. You know that saying "Sex is like pizza, even when it's bad it's still pretty good". Well, I've had some doughy, tasteless excuses for pizza and they were pretty damn awful, so I hereby propose to replace "pizza" with "Tom Yum Gai". I really feel like that could catch on.  Anyway, so with that in mind I was going to give this place three stars because I was PRETTY sure I gave Thai Lahna four (however, I have no way of knowing for sure because Yelp is censoring my shit like a god damn fascist). Upon further thought, I remembered that the main reason I gave Thai Lahna a star detriment was because of their kinda crappy service. Food takes a pretty long time and, while not rude, I wouldn't really call them "friendly" either. Plus, they only serve coke in a can. I've been in to Touch of Thai  for both eat-in and take-out and both times the service was fast and friendly, definitely nothing that would warrant a star deduction. So they go up to four stars, because that's pretty much what I'd give their food and with no service adjustments either way, I'd say that's fair.  To recapThai Lahna - One Star for Food + One Star for lack of service/fountain soda problems = Touch of ThaiI'd definitely go back. The great (albeit hidden) location right in Old Town, cute interior, and friendly service makes up for the minor taste issues. Besides, you know what they say about sex and Tom Yum Gai...
5	Hidden Jem just off the old Scottsdale "strip"...  Great food, fast service with a smile and pretty nice atmosphere too.My first bite of yellow chicken curry with noodles 'HOT' made me smile.   I said right away to my friends with me..."It is hard to get spicy food right, they did it.  It is the spicy that tastes good, not that just burns your mouth."  I love these smaller restaurants that really make you feel special and welcome as soon as you come in.  They take pride in their food and it shows.  I feel like they actually enjoyed their work and took pride in it. Great place I strongly recommend
1	CLOSED - some damn French Bakery is now in this location. Where will I go for my Thai. I may never recover!!!
