4	Finally, central Phoenix gets a BoSa Donuts! Perfectly housed in the former Carvel Ice Cream building in the Thai Lahna strip center, walking into the space is like being transported to a sanitized version of your favorite 24-hour SoCal fried dough joint (and much more cheery than Rainbow on McDowell, which has seen better days). On this maiden pre-work run, I stuck with a maple long john and coffee. The dough was tender, with no off flavors from old fry oil or chewiness from sitting around, and the icing had a nice sugary snap. The coffee was standard-I am eager to try the chai milk tea with boba pearls on my next visit.The only small suggestion I would make to the owner is provide a little more seating and turn up the AC ever so slightly. I know donut shops are usually a tad toastier than other eating establishments, but if you are going to offer free Wi-Fi and stay open until 10, it will definitely help build a visible eat-in clientele at this new location.
5	At first, I thought Bosa had only in a couple locations in the valley, but after we moved to Central PHX, I've realized that Bosa has become a DYNASTY.I have always had a passion about donuts. Even when I was at my peak health, there was room for donuts.Bosa just does it right, the Cinnamon Crumb is clearly the best donut, but even the cake donuts rock. (Please dont' make me regret recommending this flavor, leave one for me from time to time, friends)Coffee is usually quality, and black as night. The Dunkin's in the area seem to have a real problem with consistency, but not the case w/ BosaI too look forward to trying their take on Boba Tea, but it's gonna be hard to beat The Street.Take it from a guy who could put away a dozen donuts, but has the will to eat just one at a sitting... Why waste your calories on crappy cakes, candies, etc, Donuts are the way to go.
5	Just like the box says best doughnut in town.  Can't stop thinking about the Apple Fritter I had.  Very friendly staff to top it off.
5	The best donuts I've ever had.
4	One of my roommates was extolling the beauty of Bosa.  I asked if they were as good as Rainbow, but she had never tried Rainbow.So - we decided to do a taste test.  Three of us in the house - so we would get 3 different (but like) donuts from each.  The plan was to bring them back home, cut to sample size, and note flavor, texture and overall preference.The guy roommate's favorite is glazed raised.  The gal leans to sugar raised and I figured glazed old fashioned is a safe baseline for taste testing.We went to Rainbow first.  No problem getting the donuts we wanted.  I also picked up a half dozen donut holes.  Was not thrilled to be charged $0.50 for the box, but c'est la vie.  Girl roommate also got a watermelon frappe type of drink.  A bit sweet for my tastes, but very, very watermelony.Next stop Bosa.  They didn't have regular sugar raised - used powdered sugar instead.  (I have a hard time trusting that the regular sugar didn't stick - somehow they managed to make it work at Rainbow!)  So the granulated vs. powdered sugar raised would not be as scientific a comparison, but we'd make do.  No problem with the glzed and old fashioned.  We also picked up ham and swiss croissants.  One can never have too much pastry, right? :)Results -      Glazed raised - Bosa was slightly denser and chewier - more mouth satisfaction.  Rainbow was cloudlike fluffy and light.  Great texture, but we didn't feel satisfied from chewing.  Rainbow was slightly sweeter.          ~Votes - 3 for Bosa.~     Old Fashioned - textures were identical.  Rainbow had a slight lemon (or maybe aspatrame?) flavor in the back end of the tasting.          ~Votes - 1 slight lean to Bosa, 2 Draw~     Sugar raised - texture of donut was identical to glazed raised above.  (duh - same donut, different topping.)  The gal roomie likes granulated.  The guy roomie preferred the powdered.  I liked both.          ~Votes - 1 Bosa, 1 Rainbow, 1 Draw.So, Bosa comes out with a slight edge.  And we came out with a slight sugar rush.  I can't help but wonder what our next scientific food research challenge will be!
3	Great place to grab some cheap donuts. I went around the opening weekend. The donuts seemed really fresh. They were a little heavier than I prefer, but this is about the type of donuts one would expect from this type of shop.
5	Recently opened one by my house and u wish they hadn't!! These ate the most delicious donuts I have ever tasted!!  I want to eat them everyday!!  Friendly staff, good prices, and soooo very addicting!
5	Bosa donuts boasts the best donuts i've ever had. They are so good, you cannot just eat one. By far the softest and tastiest donuts around.
5	Ummm... Drive-Thru boba? How can this be a BAD thing? Well, it just so happens that it CAN'T! Thai Iced Tea, Taro, and Honeydew too! This place is the BEST! The lady who runs the counter is VERY nice and the donuts are delicious! Stopped in for a Honeydew melon boba and a ham and cheese croissant and my kids spent the next hour munching quietly on donut holes, which was just a reward in itself! The prices are cheap, the service is friendly, and I will take BoSa over Krispy Kreme and Dunkin Donuts ANY day of the week! Also an FYI, ignore the BoSa website - this location does NOT serve kolache's and they have their own hours which I believe are 5am-10pm every day!
5	Very fresh and great tasting donuts.  Wonderful customer service.  Believe it may be family owned.  A regular stop for us.  By far, the best donuts in Phoenix.
5	I found Bosa after an amazing meal at Becketts Table. I know, what the hell am I doing going across the street after a huge meal. Well, with experiences at great donut places in Texas, I have always wondered where the great donut place is for AZ.Bosa Donuts is that place! They carry all the classic donuts and you won't be let down. These are not like the large chain donut places. Bosa donuts are always fresh, whether you are there at 6:00am or Midnight. Yes, I know. Bosa Donuts is THE Donut Place in PHX!
5	Awesome!  Simply the best Apple Fritter I've ever had in my life.  And cheap!STRONG coffee.  You've been warned! :)
5	Step over Krispy Kreme! Bosa has the best donuts I have ever eaten!You have to try the creme filled ones too!! A customer brought some in for my employees and I have been thinking of them ever since! My employees have too. Found the address and am driving across town  to get some more.They must use all the ingredients of the old days to taste this good.
5	Delicious treats at an amazing price. This is not a combination that is found often. I had heard so many people rave about these donuts and when I finally tried them I confirmed they were not lying. My favorite is the apple fritter. The standard glazed comes in a close second. They are open until 10pm and their drive thru is open 24 hours. Great for a late night sweet craving. Yum!!!
5	BEST DONUTS EVER! love the old fashioned donut, and all of the jelly filled. The employees are very friendly and the donuts are to die for. A dozen donuts is around $8.
5	AMAZING.  I was turned on to Bosa by a co worker an I have never looked back.  Located in what use to be fast food place Bosa ROCKS.  They remind me of the place I use to go to as a kid.  Perfect fluff and crispy-ness.  I highly recommend Bosa to anyone.  The only problem is that it is going to equal extra time at the gym, because I have yet to eat just one when I get them.  Which one is your favorite???????? :)
3	I'm personally not a donut fan but a Drive-Thru donut shop really intrigued me, so I had to try it. They also sell coffee, and iced coffee concotions. And even Bubble tea options.  I ordered a Cappucino but I don't know if there was a misunderstanding at the speakerbox but I ended up with some blended ice drink. It tasted a little ''powdery''.The donut I ordered was a cinnamon sugar one. It was so soft and delicious. (I felt a little sick afterwards but again, I'm not a big donut person.) From the menu it looked like they have at least 12-15 donut options.Definitely will come back for donuts but I'll probably stick to Starbucks for my cappuccino.
5	Yelp saves the day again and I end up at Bosa's Donuts. My mission was initially to search for Thai Tea with Boba in the local area and I end up at cute little donut shop. Its cute and cozy in the inside and offers free wi-fi  and a drive thru! The tea was good and the boba was cooked well and proportioned (no one likes to be skimped on boba) Even though I came for tea I couldn't help but notice the eye candy of donuts galore. There was quite a selection and decent prices so I couldn't help but walk out with half a dozen donuts on impulse and curiousity. I'm no donut connoisseur since I tend to go to Quicktrip or fry's for donuts but bow chicka bow wow these donuts were soft, fluffy, and delicious. Even though I don't live near by I'll make the effort to stop by. Did I mention there is a drive thru? What more can I ask for?
5	I stopped in with a buddy of mine  to get a few donuts. The place looked like a regular donut shop by the naked, and it was in the afternoon so I didn't think  I was in for a good donut. I was totally wrong!!!   These donuts were amazing. Better then Krispy Kreme I have to say, and I am a fan of Krispy Kreme. I tried 3 donuts. The apple fritter, small chocolate sprinkle donut, and original glazed. Apple fritter was amazing, but my favorite by far was the original glazed. You can't just have one!
5	Delicious Donuts! Great service. My new neighborhood donut shop. I'll be back for the #1 combo - two donuts & a coffee. Perfect.
5	Oh.my.god. Best donuts ever. The apple fritter makes me want to cry.
5	Love these guys!  Super nice.  Great assortment. Fresh and delicious!
5	These are the best donuts I have ever experienced in Phoenix. They are very fresh and doughy (duh, I guess..) and come in many different varieties. The buttermilk donut was very unique, I would recommend it. The old fashioned donuts are also very good, although a little dry. In the end, my favorite is always the chocolate sprinkle donut!They are open 24 hours (drive-thru) so it is kind of hit and miss with freshness- I think they make new batches as needed, so some donuts on display are fresh while others are not. The inside part is open until 10 pm (even on sundays!) so this is a good random late night escapade.
5	All I can say is yummm!  They make the best old fashioned donuts!  I am a sucker for a good donut and wouldn't bother with the corporate chains.... if you're going to eat a donut eat your donut here!  (or at rainbow donuts if you're up north)  The only thing that would make this place and rainbow better is if they had an espresso machine....   do yourself a favor and go get yourself a donut now!
5	Bosa Donuts puts the  "D'oh!" in DONUTS!"AHHH. Donuts. . . What can't they do!"Homer SimpsonNow that we got the Homer Simpson quotes out of the way, seriously; this place can turn you into HOMER SIMPSON!When my buddy was telling me how he was addicted to this donut & I had to just try them! My reaction was "OK Homer they are just donuts!" & "You can't do much better than Krispy Kreme in Phoenix!"  Plus; "Donuts? I told you I don't like ethnic food!" (Montgomery Burns)He literally made me get in the car and drove to this place!The look of disappointment just covered his face when the gal announced; They were out of the one particular one he had his mind set on!So a week later he made it a point that we go back to this place...Again middle of the afternoon and they were out of the "Chocolate Wheeler!"So the following week mid morning we went by this place.Again they were out!By this point I'm thinking maybe the fact these suckers are like 85cents maybe they are good and they make a dozen or two & sell out!The next day, after finishing a 3 set Tennis Match, in the parking lot in front of the Tennis courts I ask him so where are you going for breakfast! He just smiles reaches into the back of his SUV and pulls out a pink cake box, and opens the box! There are a dozen of these bad boys in the box! "Aye Carumba!" (Bart Simpson)So with a "REALLY! you bought a whole "F"ing dozen look on my face" I reach in and pull one of these Famous Wheelers out!I examine it visually; it looks no more special than any other donut! So as I sink my teeth into it I have to say; "OMG!" & I mean "OH MY GOD!"I think I just had a FOODGASM! (yes it's a real word, you can Google it!) And I'm sporting wood just thinking about that moment!!!I KNOW, I know, you must be thinking this guy must think he is writing "DEAR PENTHOUSE...!" But you know how when you fall in love with that one girl that pales all other relationships before & after her? Well to quote another fictional character this donut is "Simply Scrumdiddlyumptious!"  To find out what this means I guess you have to get to Bosa Donuts before me & all the other "Homers" & spend 85cents!)In comparison Krispy Kreme pales to Bosa Donuts! WARNING: You can't have just one!
5	I've never been one to be jonesing for doughnut holes, but these doughnut holes will have me struggling! They are light and fluffy, melt in your mouth, and not overly sweet. What makes them even sweeter is the price....one dozen for 99 cents?! Yep. Nothing more to say.
5	Nice staff. Fast Service. Delicious BOBA and donuts!
5	This is one of the few places in the valley to get BOBA shakes.  For this alone i give them 5 stars.
5	this place is awesome inexpensive and i totally suggest you try a 24oz strawberry banana smoothie with a glazed twist not to mention their drive thru is open 24/7 suweet!! i've been here plenty of times and will continue to go
5	Best donuts I have ever had.
5	BoSa Donuts rock my world, Apple Fritters and Twist are my favorites. This location is near my job and stop on my way into work when I am feeling generous. I have had their donuts stay fresh in the box the whole day into the next day, you cannot go wrong with a BoSA $6.99 dozen.
4	These guys have some yummy donuts and the prices are great.  Their donuts seems to be more authentic... they feel more hand made than machine made.   I'll be back.
4	I'm a huge fan of Bosa. They are open 24 hours a day and their Bagel sandwiches don't mess around. Delicious!
5	Amazing donuts! Seriously, the best donuts I have ever had in my life. And, their jalapeno and ham croissants are worth making the drive from Sacramento for. We went there three times during a week long trip to Scottsdale after reading the reviews on Yelp. Worth the 20-minute drive every time. Bosa Donuts, we will miss you!!!
4	Good donuts, period.  They have all of the classics and usual suspects plus some alternates for when you're feeling adventurous.  Case in point is the buttermilk donut; this ornate gem melts in your mouth.  The texture is the perfect mixture that I cannot even put into words, and the flavor is amazing.  The standard frosted, sprinkled, filled, and maple bar characters are all here as well, and far better than the fast food feel that dd or kk will leave you with.  The interior and staff is an odd mix, but they know how to do donuts right, so who am I to turn a brow?
5	Best donuts hands down! We go every Saturday before soccer with our boys. They are to die for- a must try.
4	One of my co-workers had told me about Bosa Donuts and said it was the best donuts she had ever had.  Wow, I'm truly a fan; they are very light and do melt in your mouth...YUM, YUM, YUM....
5	Bosa Donuts has the best donuts in the Phoenix area, hands down. Additionally they offer a variety of delicious boba Flavors that are incredibly refreshing in the Phoenix summer. I'm absolutely in love with their apple fritters and melon boba. For a morning treat or an after-party snack, Bosa Donuts is the place to go!
5	I've been to the locations in Chandler and Mesa and one word describes both locations: Fresh.  Their donuts are consistently soft and fresh.
1	So... My boyfriend and I found this place as one of the few (if not only) donut spots in Phoenix that's open 24/7. After he had a craving for donuts at 1AM, it had good reviews, and I saw on yelp that they served boba there, we decided to give it a go. When we got there, he first ordered a boba for me and began his dozen donuts order. The donuts he wanted (namely chocolate... Simple to make you would think) was not available at 1AM. He then asked for another type of donut (Boston cream)... Not available. Only ones they said they had at that time of night was glazed, raspberry filled, and lemon filled. He declined the donuts altogether because he was frustreated with continually getting "sorry, we don't have that".I gave this place a one star on his behalf and because I had my boba drink and it was descent, however, nowhere near the best I've tasted. I like my boba squishy and not too rough to chew. I tried boba at this one Viet restaraunt that was better but that's another yelp review in the making.Overall, case and point: we may have been better off going there earlier in the day and their selection seems to be EXTREMELY limited after typical business hours. If your business is said to be open 24 hours AND you're one of the only open available donut shops in the area that never close, PLEASE have a majority of your donut selection available around the clock. Thank you for reading this rant.
5	I generally wont eat donut's not worth the calories, however their donuts are simply amazinglight airy with a nice crispyness to the outside - simply amazingi recommend the coconut glazed with the crispys on the top (looks kind of like the gem hostess donuts) worth every calorie
3	Dont believe the hype! Uncle Sals is very average.  I love good Italian food.  I only gave it 3 stars because I couldn't give 2.5 stars.  The Cesar salads had to be 80 degrees and lacked any real spice, 2 croutons.  My Wifes veal Marsala was tough, the sauce was lacking, the green beans were mush. My veal parameasan was good but it had an inch of sauce on top, the alfredo was ok.  I dislike meat on top of pasta or potatoes  because when you cut it you crush it into the pasta  The wine list was good, the teramasu was good. For $240 for four people it wasnt worth it, subtract $78 for wine it was still high.   Overall the restaurant was average not at Marcellinos five star rating by any means.
5	Not just a treat for the taste buds, but also for the eyes. These are the best looking donuts around. The only drawback I can see is that there are so many tempting choices that I find myself staring at them with my mouth watering and my eyes glazed over. The smell alone as I walk in the door is enough to send me into blissful happiness.
5	The donut holes, old fashioned donuts and fritters are amazing. Coffee is delicious too! So much better than any of the competitors. I am not even a big donut person but every now and then when it is time for donuts, this is where I go!
5	This is a great place. The treats here are delicious and the sandwiches are yummy too! The prices are right too. Like I said, just a great place all around. They are even open late, convenient for just about any time. Sometimes the service can take a little time through the drive thru during the afternoon but there's usually only one person working and they can only do so much at a time. They are always very nice, good attitude, and are definitely worth the wait. I love donuts, period. But the bagels here are really good too. If you get a sandwich try it on a bagel, it's soo good.
5	There are some days where you just want a delicious little treat for yourself. When I'm having one of those days I love to come here for a honeydew smoothie or an iced coffee with a glazed or buttermilk doughnut (My absolute favorite). There is no reason to go to a chain like DD or KK for delicious doughnutty goodness when these guys do it better!! I've also had one of their apple fritters that was super delicious too! I have only gone through the drive through but have only had excellent service.
4	They have boba! I have been searching the valley for a bubble tea place and someone told me that Bosa has it. I had the Thai tea with boba and it was delicious. I do miss my boba being in a sealed cup but happy to have found a boba place in the Valley.Also, had the chance to try a donut hole and it was yummy. I'll definitely be going back here to try more of the menu.
5	DELICIOUS!!!I never really like donuts until I had a krispy creme, and no donuts have ever been good enough when held to those standards... until now.these donuts are amazing!my coworker brought in 2 dozen of bosa donuts and I can't believe how good they are. very light and fluffy when biting into them. I tried a white sprinkle one, a chocolate sprinkle, and some cinamon crumbly kind - all tasted like heaven. much better than dunkin donutsand they have a drive through too!
5	Best Donuts in Phx!I am sucker for a buttermilk bar and theirs are amazing!  They are heavy and filling not like Krispy Kreme light and airy.They also have a drive thru - making them awesome!
4	Alright. I feel that my first review was a bit unfair. I went back last weekend for a coffee and a donut.. and I must say, the donut was pretty good. I think the first time I went I was a bad donut picker. I plan on returning!
4	These donuts are amazing!  Super light and fluffy and a good size also.  Plus, they are a good price.  I got half a dozen for right around $5.  Definitely better tasting than anything else I've had locally and just as good if not better price.
4	Great doughnuts and pleasant service. Nice selection and hard to choose from them all but the buttermilk doughnuts and the apple fritters are to die for!
4	I went there yesterday for the first time with my husband and we had bagel sandwiches(ham&cheese, tuna) and donuts(chocolate covered, toasted coconut) which we enjoyed them a lot. The donuts are very soft and fresh. I found them a bit too sweet but my husband seemed to enjoy the sweetness. I still think this place is one of the best donuts places in Phoenix. Good variety of donuts and they also have croissant and bagel sandwiches and boba drinks, which is very similar to Rainbow Donuts on McDowell. This place is bigger with more variety. Customers kept coming while we were there and a few customers were waiting all the time as only one lady was handling all the customers. Not that I complain about that but I felt sorry for her. She was handling all the customers inside and at the drive thru. But she was handling them very well and with a very polite manner saying "thank you for waiting" to every customer. She was pretty quick to prepare our order too. The price is also quite reasonable. I forgot the exact prices but a donut was around $.75 and  sandwich was $3.49 each if I remember correctly.
2	Welp, sorry to be the Negative Nancy amongst all these glowing reviews. It's kind of a problem with Yelp; lots of people say something's great and others just kinda go with that flow. Either that or they have no taste (hoping the prior; don't wanna seem too pretentious).Anyway, the people who claimed these doughnuts are a step above Krispy Kreme or Dunkin Donuts are wrong. They aren't a step below, it's just that they almost taste *just* like Krispy Kreme doughnuts. I had a chocolate-filled glazed, a much-recommended (on here) buttermilk, and a chocolate iced chocolate cake doughnut. The verdict: The chocolate cream-filled was more of a chocolate jelly than chocolate cream. After a bite, it was clear for the trash bin. The other two were not so bad, but seriously tasted just like Krispy Kreme; the "buttermilk" is just a knock-off of KK's sour cream doughnut.Anyway, pretty disappointed given the reviews here. I suppose I've never liked doughnuts, for as one reviewer put it they have a "fast food feel" after eating them from Dunkin' or KK; unfortunately, as copycats these have that same feeling.
4	I've heard this somewhere before "you can't eat just one" Til next time.....
5	So good I should bribe the cop next time I get pulled over.
5	I go here every other Friday to bring donuts to work. Everyone at work asks me to bring them every Friday because they enjoy them so much. The buttermilk donuts are awesome and the fancy donuts as well. The service is awesome and they care about what they do.
5	There is a place called Heaven, and it is a Bosa glazed donut.  The donut holes are the best and a real deal at 12 for $0.99.  It's not a quick stop though, Arcadia loves them some Bosa so there is always a line in the drive through.  But the wait in line for a fluffy pillow that is a Bosa donut is soooooo worth it.
5	Best donuts anywhere!! Boston Creme and Vanilla Creme are my favorites. Only one person working the line for inside and drive thru can slow things down. Worth any wait you have to go through!!! I happened to be up early enough one morning to come in when the donuts were still fresh... HOLY @#$% they are good!!!  Krispe Kreme and whatever else you may be thinking is not on the same level!!
5	Best donuts I've ever had!
4	Taste buds are satisfied. I had been hearing about this place for the longest. Since I had a sweet tooth carving I decided to give them a try. All I can say is that I am glad I did. Wow! What a donut. All I ordered was a 99 cent dozen mini glazed donuts through the drive-through. Lets say there was not even a crumb left by the time I got home. I am impressed. There are many different donuts available along with breakfast sandwiches. They offer meal deals and cafe style beverages for a nice price. I will be back...
5	For my daughter! BOSA ROCKS!!!  She can scarf 2 doz. doughnut holes in less than 1/2 a block from leaving their window! " liitle puffs of heaven" she calls them. I got smart and order and pay for them the night before a sleep over. Usually order 5-6 doz. and that's only 3 girls. I grab them before they wake up...OMG! I am Mommy of the year when they wander into the kitchen! Why should the sugar high end at 4 in the am,that they think I did not know about! Yee Haaaaah! I know! I Know! But, you are only a kid once. I am totally organic, gluten-free. You just gotta BOSA!  Kind like op -op- op nam- gangnam style!  Bosa will rock your morning socks off!
5	Take this from someone who has never liked donuts. Nope, not even as a child. Nope, not even Krispy Kremes. These are AMAZING!!!I could come here every weekend. So cheap (75 cents each) and so delicious! I got the chocolate sprinkle donut and it was just perfect. The frosting with silky smooth and the dough was like a pillow. I had to check them out to see if they lived up to the hype and they did! My husband tried the original glazed donut and he loved it as well!I want to try more of their donuts, and also their smoothies! Their breakfast sandwiches don't look half bad, either. They even have a drive-thru! Staff were very nice and helpful. I will definitely be back.
4	Went here for the "little puffs of heaven" and the "chocolate wheeler" as mentioned by other Yelpers, found an old fashioned chocolate covered donut that looked like a wheel but the girl behind the counter said they didn't really have names. These are definitely good donuts and almost ate all 12 donuts in one sitting just to make sure. Didn't get the little donuts this time but figured I'd be back.
5	I stopped by a Friday morning a few months past and have been meaning to write a review. I've had donuts since then from other donut shops, but none compare to Bosa. The price and quality at Bosa are far superior to all others. You can't go wrong with the donut holes.
5	While it's rare to get a bad tasting donut, it's very easy to fall victim to the too greasy, stomach ache inducing donut.  The donuts at Bosa Donuts are THE BEST I've had in a really long time.  They're satisfying without being too greasy or heavy.  I wasn't even bothered that the selection was a bit limited when I went in at 8:40 pm.   Service was very friendly.  The interior is also really nice looking and looks more like a cafe than the typical donut shop.  The bathrooms were super clean as were the tables.
5	awesome donuts! glazed donut holes are great
5	Amazing!  The donuts are delicious and fresh the numerous times I've been.  The dozen donut holes for a dollar is a steal.  In addition to the donuts, the ham and cheese croissant (I get mine with jalapenos)  melt in your mouth!  (Sometimes they give you a croissant that's been baked previously, slice it open and slide in the ham, cheese and jalapenos.  This is still good, but the best way to have it is the stuffed one, where everything is baked in the croissant.  You might want to make sure it's the stuffed kind and not the impromptu version.)
5	Their donuts are awesome :) and that's not necessarily a good thing when I live and work less than a mile away!  The drive through is fast and easy and the people that work there all seem very nice and helpful.  Bonus points for having Thai iced tea.
5	They are just downright fluffy.  You've consumed far too many and it doesn't even feel like it.  They don't sit in your stomach like lead.  It's the most glorious donut experience ever.
5	I definitely will be returning to this place.  The doughnuts/donuts are as good, if not better, as krispy kreme or the like.  The guy working was incredibly nice and the fact there is a drive through spells trouble. I will definitely be back when I'm in the area, for sure. : )
4	Good!!!
1	I love bosa donuts i have been to several locations and this is by far the worst. The lady that works there with the funky colored eyeshadow has been rude to me on 2 different occasions. I have never been greeted by her. She tossed my card to me at the register when she was done swiping it. Little things like that just really piss me off. Especially when I am a repeat customer. I suggest going to the bosa donuts in mesa by bookmans! The people there are nice and the facility is very clean! Go where u are appreciated.
5	Hands down, this place has the BEST donuts in the valley!
4	Donuts are a staple of life and Bosa's is where one goes when the craving calls in East Phoenix.  Stay with the cake donuts and the crullers.
5	you must try the bear claw..which actually LOOKS like one.  I always say that I am going to have just 1 toe and I end up eating the entire thing.  You must try the tuna sandwich on the croissant.,  unbelievable.  Better than LGO!
5	These donuts were the bomb! I had eaten one and a half donuts before I knew what was happening...I was in heaven! Of course I went with chocolate, but I had part of the buttermilk donut, which is to die for! Got to check this place out! I just wish they had one in my state!
2	This review is from their drive thru menu. Be careful to really look closely at this chaotic display of a menu, you may think that something is one price and its actually another. The items and prices are so close together in and in different sizing it looks like they just slapped updates up there and hoped everyone would figure it out. I figured out I had made a mistake when I ended up at the window paying 5 bucks for a taro boba....with whipped cream that I wasn't given an option to decline (I hate whipped cream on drinks.) When I was completely caught off guard by the receipt handed to me, because the attended didn't let me know the cost before charging me and I stupidly had not realized that I hadn't followed their menu since everything was close enough to be mistaken for another price or item on there. I spoke up and asked about it, the attendant was rude about it. The boba was cooked well, however not enough of a pull for me to pay more and have to deal with rude service/chaotic menu. Eh. Another for the DNR list.
5	AHH BEST DONUTS EVER!!!!!!!! Bosa is amazing, and anything you get there is fabulous. They have a drive through too!! It's awesome. Nothing bad to say about em!!!
5	Come!
5	Bosa makes the best doughnuts in Arizona.
4	Thanks to National Donut Day a few weeks ago I sort of got into a donut-kick. I heard this place had some really good donuts (but can you really go wrong with donuts?). My wife and I walked in and it was pretty slow. There was only one worker who was completing a drive-thru order. It took her a while to acknowledge us. We checked out the donut case and my mouth was watering. I swear I had a Homer Simpson moment.They had so many good looking donuts! They were all so beautiful! I got a pink frosted donut with sprinkles. But the experience here was made even better by BOBA! I couldn't believe they had boba tea and smoothies! Throw back to my high school years. They had breakfast and lunch items too! Maybe I'll try one of them next time.
1	This place really sucks!1. Doughnuts are crazy greasy and heavy.2. Service is exceptionally rude. Snatching money and my card from my hand on two different occasions.3. Pressuring the up-sell to a dozen! I had to ask last time while ordering a half dozen inside; if she were going to join my wife and I in controlling 4 kids hopped up on doughnuts and begging for more? So stop up-selling 4-6 to a dozen.4. Rarely will your order be right in the drive thru. Open the box before pulling away!5. They talk over you in the drive thru and inside while you're ordering. Actually had to  tell her "if you would please stop talking, you'd hear my order".To other poster/reviewers that say this is perfection.....I question your palette..Better off going to Safeway and getting them there, Bosa is aweful!
5	Bosa Donuts was an extraneous trip to put a small shop to the test of our high hopes. My fiancee and I love coconut, and we got a half dozen (for something between $5-6) just to get a good idea of the different types. We got one brown cake donut with chocolate frosting and coconut flakes on top. We got one brown cake donut with toasted coconut all over it and maybe other stuff. We got a chocolate bar, a maple bar, and a classic old-fashioned glazed donut. The last one we got was a crumb donut! The best was DEFINITELY the toasted coconut, followed by a tie between the other coconut and the crumb. The rest were really good versions of classic donuts. The dough is very unique here. It is not artificially soft like Dunkin Donuts. It is very textured and soft and homemade feeling. The donuts taste real, they taste balanced, and they taste awesome! They are not greasy at all, they have a perfect balance between moistness and dry. Also, these donuts have even more value because they are the biggest donuts I have received, at the same price as everywhere else other than the store.The service wasn't a typical drive-thru, the guy there made me feel like a real person instead of a robot requiring artificial customer service input. In other words, he acted normal, and grateful, in a very simple way. That is how humans should be I feel, especially considering the awkwardness I feel when someone is being fake with me at the counter/drive-thru.Anyway, these donuts are awesome. They are better than any other donuts I have had. The only place that comes close is a shop in San Diego that was also just as tiny and local called Sunny Donuts. Ironically they both have foreign people working there. Both seemingly Asian or Hawaiian.My fiance and I were happy to not regret going somewhere new for once! :)***I want to add that it was difficult to describe the cake donuts that we wanted because some of them are similar to each other. HOWEVER, the guy on the microphone was very helpful and coherent as to my details, and he got all of them 100% accurate! I was impressed! My fiance talked about maybe giving them letters or numbers for easy reference, but I have faith in that worker understanding over the intercom either way.
3	I love Bosa Donuts. I love everything about their donuts. My fave is their Chocolate cake donuts. I hate that I have to pass this location to and from my boot camp gym.. After a hard workout on my Birthday last week, I decided to stop in and get a donut. OK, so I was planning to pib out and get a half dozen. Please don't judge...I have a Size 4 figure...I can cheat now and then...Anyway, I stopped in and the gal working the counter was helping a customer at the Drive thru. I stood patiently in front of the donut counter for five minutes waiting to be acknowledged but it never happened. All she had to do was say, "One moment, I'll be right with you." DIdn't happen. I was annoyed and just left. I'm certain I'll be back to this location...but I hope I the person working behind the counter is in a better mood. Gah...I'm craving a donut now...
5	hands down the best donuts in town so many to choose froma nd the 24/7 open drive thru is the shizz!good boba too and a fantastic selection of drinks
5	I love BoSa donuts. They are so moist, sweet, and delicious. I've never had a donut from there that wasn't excellent but the buttermilk bar and the old fashioned glazed are my favorites. I love that they're open late for those of us who crave donuts at all hours.
4	After Boxing class this morning (Shhhhh!) I stopped in for a donut (Really, just the one, Dear!) and loved the customer service I received. Donut was delicious, I think.. I ate is so quickly I don't remember! :)
4	Went there the other day and got Thai Tea boba.  It was not bad, better than what I expected the boba was soft and chewy and the thai tea was nicely mixed.  The only downfall is that there aren't very many flavors for boba.
2	24 hours is a joke at this location and the service is just as bad. They should change their name to "We are out". It really does not matter that we got a late night donut craving and headed about 25 miles out of our way late at night to fill that craving...what matters is getting our hearts set on certain flavors and more than 1/2 of the time we are barked at "We are out". Really? 24 hours and you are out of everything? Not even as much as an "I am sorry, but we are out" no just "we are out". Maybe keep the lobby open 24 hours so that when you are out of EVERYTHING customers can actually SEE that you are out and not waste their time hearing "no" that's a bad word in customer service, yes sometimes it is not possible to always say yes, but NO should not be the primary word in a business priding itself to be 24 hours. Can you imagine going to Wendys late at night and ordering a burger and being told "We have no more meat in stock"....well then what is the point of being 24 hours? I guess just to pay some pissed off cashier to do nothing, but get an attitude with her customers because they are sick of being told no.Onto the donuts, they were very good and flaky! I think my fave one was the chocolate with sprinkles. The raspberry one was OK at best....The filling was what I did not care for at all, but the actual donut was good! My husband liked the glazed the best. We both went there with our hearts set on a certain flavor and of course both left without those since this 24 hour location decided that stocking up was not a crucial part of being a good 24 hour location. I guess it is good that what we did get we, for the most part, liked enough to say we would go back......but maybe to another location if we were in the area.
4	Dear Bosa, I *heart* you. I really do. Just thinking about your delicious ham & cheese stuffed croissant makes the butterflies in my tummy all sorts of flippy-floppy. I didn't really care for the jalapeno-added variety, but it's not your fault. I guess I'm just not as much of a jalapeno lover as I thought I was. But the item on your menu that brings me nothing but unadulterated bliss is your lemon filled donut. So soft and yielding, I just can't help myself when I'm around them. Powdered sugar on my face, in my hair, all over my hands and clothes...it feels just as obscene as it sounds, and I want to continue this dirty romance for many, many years to come. I'm sure I will try your other options, the tryst I had with your sinful apple fritter was a one (maybe two-four) time thing. But I'll always come back for a sweet surrender to your doughy lemon lumps. *blush*
5	Great donut shop, love the apple fritters and cake donuts. Busy drive thru on a sunday morning but well worth the wait.
5	i both hate and love that bosa is only about five blocks from my house. their donuts really are that good. the cream of the crop is the buttermilk donut-it's moist, fresh, and delicious. i usually don't like super sweet donuts with tons of frosting/filling, so this is the perfect little glazed piece of heaven. i make everyone who goes here try one if they haven't already-they're really that good. i LOVE that they have thai tea here as well. i often swing by the drive through and just get that-although it is hard to resist getting a donut too. you even have the option of boba, and they have some other rad smoothie/drink choices as well (taro, etc.). i've also noticed they have sandwiches that look pretty good but i've never tried one.  hard to think about sandwiches when you have donuts on the mind!
4	Donuts like they should be. My kids and I really like the strawberry frosted donuts but they're all good. Too good. I'm glad they're far from me so I can't go often, lol.
5	One of the best donuts i've had in my life!  Apple fritter is to heavenly.  Addicting....check.  Fatening....check.  Isn't part of my Neanderthal diet....check.
5	OMG the best donuts I've ever tasted.... and I live in Los Angeles.  My mom took me to this place years ago and I always make it a point to go here when I'm in town.  Sometimes she just buys a few dozen and has it ready for me.  I'm a world traveler and I really love their donuts.  I've had some pretty good donuts in New York but these are hands down my favorite.  I wish they had a store in Los Angeles.  Then again maybe not.  LOL  Super soft and moist.  Not too sweet.  Kinda pricey now and I wish they had those free dozen deals again.  Buy 2 get 1 free.  I always end up spending over $30 here.  My sister has 4 kids and we go through 2 dozen in no time.I love this place.  Come to LA please. :-)  Hell, let's open a joint here.  Yes, that's how good they are.
4	after reading all the reviews I had to try this place and I'm glad I did...I had the ham and cheese croissant which I love but can't find in many places it was delish! Tried the lemon jelly donut, yummers- not to sweet, light and tasty, I left the evidence all over my clothes.
5	I have never had a better doughnut. They are like a drug you just gotta keep going back for more!
5	Super moist, sugary and delicious donuts and awesome smoothies WITH boba!  You can't lose!
4	I love Bosa's =) !! 1: because they have some good donuts 2: they sell boba tea and 3: because they are open 24hours!!! I just love love loveeee the fact that they are 24 hours. Satisfying my late night munchies haha =D
5	Best donuts in the valley. They have boba. Open 24 hours a day. They have a drive through. Seriously what else do you need?
4	Very fresh delicious donuts and pastries including fancy donuts teas and coffees in the drive-through it's a little bit difficult for the people taking in order to understand you so check your bags before you pull away because it may not be adequate I've asked first couple different things and got something totally different than that great delicious donuts if you there at 2 AM most of the donuts are still warm when you going to them Yum Yum.
4	Great donuts even from a late night drive-thru doughnut run. I love that they're open so late (take note, Dunkin). The only problem with coming so late is that they're usually out of the top choices. Definitely go for a crumble or sourdough.
4	I recommend the Boston Cream Pie, jelly filled, or glazed. This place is the best donut shop in Phoenix hands down!
5	Great donuts. The best donuts I've found in Arizona so far. Moist, light, fluffy--all at once. Get ready to smell this place from across the street. So yummy!
5	We have been a fan of their donuts for quite some time and is often a breakfast choice on special weekends or when we have out of town guests that we want to impress. But, recently we discovered the croissants. Hot hammy, cheesey.... Amazing. Even the regular ones are so flaky and moist and delicious. Also, the donut holes are another delicious (and cheap) choice. I keep meaning to try their boba drinks, but I always happen to already have a cup of coffee in hand when we stop in here.
3	ARGGHHH. I love to hate this place. Why? For starters, they are open 24 hours. Do you have any idea how dangerous that is? It's good for me they aren't right down the block.But when I finally do decide IT'S TIME FOR A DONUT RUN at around, oh, 11pm, I make that drive of shame just to find out they don't have any buttermilk or maple bars left, so I have to settle for whatever they have left.Which I then promptly cram in my pouting face. (It's not my favorite, but it's still a donut, guys!)
5	At least once a month, someone from my office brings in BoSa donuts. They are delicious. The staff is great and can provide you with suggestions about variety if you get overwhelmed by the glorious bounty of glazed goods! PS they're open 24 hours a day. How do I know this? Certainly not from driving there at four am once to get a pink sprinkle and buttermilk (YUM)--did I mention I'm pregnant with sweets cravings???-- but really, I made my husband do that.
5	Yum. This is just what I was looking for. There don't seem to be many donut stores here, or maybe they're just spread out. This place is great, and worth a little drive from my house. Excellent donut quality. They have all the variety you would hope for and taste so fresh. They also serve coffee and milk and even boba. AND they have a drive through.UPDATE: They could be even better if they had real espresso drinks. Found out today while trying to order a "cappuccino", which comes from a machine and cannot come without sweetener and a fake flavor. Why is it so hard to find a place with good baked goods AND good coffee/espresso?
4	The donuts are great when they are fresh. Problem for me is that I come in very early and sometimes feel like I'm getting leftovers from the night before. I hope they quality control and toss donuts that have been sitting out too long, but it doesn't seem like it. Ask for new ones off the rack if you're suspicious of old-looking donuts!
5	Best donuts in the valley.  Homer Simpson would feel right at home.  They have several varieties, flexible store hours and also a good assortment of drinks to wash down the donuts .  I opted today for the apple filled and triple chocolate cake with milk.  Both were yummy, the apple filling reminded me of apple pie.  I don't eat donuts often, but when I do I choose BOSA.
5	Just like they say - these are the "Best Donuts in Town"They always have a great selection of fresh donuts and pastries. All are perfect - never greasy or stale! And best of all they are cheap - great for a quick bite.Don't expect much more - donuts, coffee, smoothies, and a refrigerator with milk and drinks to wash those heavenly donuts down!
4	HOLY MOLY! My once a year donut cravings now have a home! A dozen donut holes for 99 cents? Shut up.... This is no joke. Plus its open 24/7- this could get dangerous since its only two blocks away from home. We got two of the normal donuts too. My boyfriend got a vanilla frosted one with sprinkles and I got a strawberry glazed one with pink sprinkles! yummmmmy! I am excited mostly because I feel like fried airy dough should be cheap, and obviously Bosa gets that. Reasonable prices, yummy, and there when you need it. Thanks for being so supportive, Bosa!
5	I was warned not to try these donuts due to their addictive properties.  I should have heeded that warning.  Now I get wild cravings for their moist apple fritters and boston cream donuts.  And not only do they have a drive thru, but they are also open 24/7! My mouth is watering just typing this review.  So do yourself a favor, don't even get started on Bosa. You'll never be able to quit.
5	I can't even. So amazing. The best glazed donuts of all time.
5	Lord have mercy.  This place is nothing but the devil.  My best friend and I found this place on Yelp, put it in the GPS and once we got there...we promptly lost our minds. How can I explain what this place is for a fat sugar addict? Ah, yes. It's heaven. Seriously. So many donuts. How can one decide? While other customers came in and quickly placed their order, we literally stood at the counter and salivated. Eventually we both left with our own pink box, but I will spare you the sordid details. Apparently, these donuts are sprinkled with crack because I'm kinda wanting to go back here for more as I write this review. Basically...they're so so so soooo very fresh, soft, fluffy and delicious. The glaze is in perfect proportion, the jelly fillings are delish and actually taste like fruit, the cream filled is amazing and their cake donuts....yeah. Equally amazing. Basically it's all to die for. And they hold up really well.  Rush here. You will not be disappointed...until you find yourself scraping off the last crumb of sugar from your box. That's when the sadness comes. I love this place!
5	Yes! Bing bong I love doughnuts and these are some good A doughnuts. They are open long hours too which is sweet. I've always had friendly service, no complaints.
3	I am a fairly simple man.  . . I want a donut. My preference is a good cream filled long john (i'm talking vanilla cream, not custard)Here at Bosa, well they started out by noting that when they fill long johns they only fill them with custard (yech) - I had asked for a vanilla filled.  After more looking I noticed some standard rounds that were filled with cream (WTF lady, I said I would like cream filled and you didn't think to mention you had one?)So I got the cream filled and I must say it was the oddest vanilla cream filled doughnut i've ever tasted. I do not know what was in that donut but I can tell you it wasn't vanilla cream.  Just some weird sugary sweet white substance.The glazed donuts were awesome, and the apple fritter thing was REALLY good as well.Yet this place is definitely solidly meh-ok and no where near awesome.
5	They are not lying when they say "Best Donuts in Town." They are made all throughout the day and even when you open the box at your office/home/wherever, they are still warm and soft! I cannot wait to ruin my diet and go back!
5	Originally, I searched for a cafe or restaurant that serves boba drinks and I ended up finding this neat little place. They serve what known as Iced Thai Tea boba and it is excellent if you like sweet drinks ; )The donuts are extremely well made and not hard so stale like many other donuts locations. Probably the best I had. I have been here since day one and will continue to come back. The staff are friendly and I have even met the owner.  I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!
5	Half a dozen donuts for under 5 bucks? I get bring breakfast for my coworkers and it's not a fortune!! After reading the review at Bosa's, i decided to try it out myself. They are pretty busy in the mornings but it is not a long wait because they have around 5 workers. Donut holes are very cheap and I usually get a dozen donut holes and two donuts for my coworkers. They are open 24/7 and are constantly making new donuts. Today I've decided to try their smoothie with bona. Ohmygoodness! It was so good; definitely the best watermelon boba drink i've ever tried. BTW, they have a drive thru.
3	I have to issue this disclaimer: I've been following a strict low-sugar, low carb eating plan for the last 5 years so of course when I fall off the wagon, everything with even a HINT of sweetness tastes like gold to me. When I was visiting Phoenix and passed by Bosa Donuts and saw a line OUT THE DOOR, I immediately made a U-turn. My road trip foodie philosophy has always been "if you see a line, get in it." As a long time donut fan (I wasn't fat for the majority of my life for no reason), I was psyched to try these donuts. When it was finally my turn, the scowling hipster behind the counter helped me select 3: an original glazed, a Boston cream and an apple fritter. She was not too pleased that I declined her upsell to half a dozen so she scowled even more.The standout in the bunch was the original glazed. It was soft and not too sweet. The Boston cream was fine (not worth eating) and the apple fritter was not my cup of tea. It was way too dense and way too sweet. The only thing that was completely devoured was the original glazed. I've had some fantastic donuts in the world (Lee's Donuts in Vancouver and Randy's Donuts in Los Angeles being my two favorites) and while Bosa's are pretty good, they wouldn't make my top 10 greatest donuts list. Worth a stop if you're in Phoenix but I don't see what the crazy fuss is about. Sorry.
4	I have to say that this place has the best apple fritters ever!!!!  Their sandwiches are awesome too!  I don't know about all of them but the tuna on toasted bagel rocks!! you have to get everything on it..  I think they put jalepeno peppers in the sandwich which gives it a little kick.  I used to get it on croissant but the croissant got soggy.  I've also tried the roast beef too and it's pretty good!
5	These donuts were fantastic. We were in the area on vacation and as is customary, I had to find a local donut shop. I could not have been more excited to stumble across this gem! My husband picked out an old-fashioned, chocolate-glazed donut. I grabbed a chocolate covered sprinkle raised donut as well as a chocolate-covered cake donut and I was blown away. Amazing crisp outside with soft inside, not too doughy and perfect frosting ratio. We were incredibly impressed, and the prices were great too!
5	The only thing that I hate about this place is that it is in walking distance! The service is always fast and friendly. I frequent here for their croissant breakfast sandwich. My favorite donut is the buttermilk and I always get a French vanilla coffee to wash it down.
5	Great staff, great donuts and reasonable prices.  They always have ample supplies and never run out of the best stuff!
5	Bosa is easily the best donut shop in the valley.  Take your Krispy Kream and shove it. Anyone can heat up a donut to make it taste better, but Bosa doesn't need that. They're great even if they're a day old. Also, everybody says the apple fritter is the bomb. I don't know about that, but the bear claw is filled with baked apples and I have never had a better donut, EVER, than that! Their cinnamon swirls are also out of this world. Yum!
5	The greatest donut shop on the planet...and they are open 24 hours a day...so donuts at 5am before work, donuts for lunch, donuts for dinner, donuts after a drinkun night on the town. And the best bit of goodness you could ever have in your mouth. My favorite is the buttermilk donut, it literally melts in your mouth, a sugary crisp outside with a soft buttermilk flavor on the inside, perfection in a donut. Plus this place has breakfast sandwiches, and all kind of extras, more juice and drink selections then you could shake a stick at. Mmmmmmm....donuts.
1	Good donuts, but the worst service ever! Every time I go there which is a lot since I live down the street, they ALWAYS mess up my order either i was missing an item (and still payed for it) or they make me pay more money then I should. Last time my girlfriend and I went there to eat they charged us $24 for 2 breakfast sandwiches that cost maybe $4 each, I had to literally scream at the manager to get a refund (paid with card) and it wasn't even in full they only gave me $8 cash and free food then had the nerve to say never come back again. I will never give my money or support to this establishment again
1	BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!I am a very big fan of Bosa and their menu items. Delicious coffee, delicious doughnuts, delicious breakfast sandwiches and delicious boba tea. HOWEVER, someone there is engaged in credit card fraud and identity theft. My information was ripped off and sold to a third party harvester that tried to drain all the funds in my account all within the time it took to drive thru and order breakfast. But, fortunately for me I check my activity daily. I can't say I won't ever go back again, because these are the acts of an individual one would assume. But I would highly advise anyone who goes there to be a cash paying customer from now on. I know I will be.
5	So a friend of mine who is visiting from out of state told me about this place.  She raved so much about it that I just had to try it before I went back home!  OMG, the donuts here are DELICIOUS.  SO FREAKIN' DELICIOUS.  The service was little to be desired (maybe she was having a bad day but not even a smile from her!) but the donuts spoke for themselves.
3	Have to say that their service has improved a lot. Order has been correct and they seem to take pride that they are the spot on Baja Arcadia for doughnuts. Haven't been hard selling the up sale and polite and courteous over the past 4 months. Kudos, keep up the good work.
5	Awesome donuts!  Boston cremes were just about perfect.  Kruellers were good.  The fritters - I've actually had better, but these were good still.  Their donut holes are so cheap and pretty tasty!
5	I haven't actually been to Bosa Donuts.  However, I work about a mile away and at least once a week someone brings some in.Best donuts ever?  I think i'll agree.
4	Donuts are bomb Coffee...not so good
5	The best, fresh donuts ever.  Heaven in your mouth.  Soft, delicate, sugary sweet glaze. Never shall u eat Dunkin donuts again.
5	Best donuts ever !!!  The girl that works there is very welcoming and personable also so always a treat to visit with her. I am always Grateful when I run into kind smiling people :) need more of those kind!! :) thanks bosa donuts
4	Every donut I've had from bosa is absolutely delicious, but my favorite is the old fashioned sour cream donut. So perfectly crisp, sweet and savory and gone too fast. The fact that they are pure enablers open 24/7 just means that I can get a donut and boba tea on my way home, no matter the hour. Hooray!
5	5 stars hands down. Amazing donuts and great customer service. Their thai iced tea was the first thai iced tea I've tried but was interesting to taste but was delicious. Has a cool after taste.Must try at least once. Be careful, could be addicting!
4	I stop  and go through their drive thru on my way to work. Large ice coffee is my favorite!  When I have time i  stop and go inside. I don't even make it to the front doors before the smell of fresh baked donuts begin teasing my senses. Once inside the thought of ice coffee becomes secondary as I browse the display case. So much to choose from. I pick out two Boston Creme and/or an Apple Fritter. Awesome! Ice coffee and I'm ready to go.  Seating is available and WIFi both a plus.
5	without doubt the best donuts in the valley...my favorite is the classic glazed old fashioned...2nd is the apple fritter. At least I am getting some fruit for breakfast eh?
5	Great donuts, great service and fast drive though service.
5	As many have said, their donuts are simply divine. I can also attest to their breakfast sandwiches. I've had the sausage, egg, and cheese on an English muffin and the bacon, egg, and cheese on a croissant. Both were delectable. They also have excellent Thai iced tea with boba--some of the best in the valley!
5	Great donuts - and great service.
5	We were so happy when this donut shop opened.  They have a great variety, always very fresh and taste like donuts used to be made.  Their prices are very reasonable and we are sometimes able to find a coupon that gives you 6 donuts free when you buy a dozen.  They freeze really well so we buy a lot of the apple fritters at a time and freeze a bunch.  Pop one in the microwave for 50 seconds and you've got an incredible hot treat.  They have breakfast items and a variety of drinks but I've only purchased the donuts so far
5	Best donuts in town! Bosa is consistent in their quality of donuts no matter which location you go to. They are the softest and freshest tasting donuts. They remind me of the really good donut shops I would go to in California with my family. Whether you get donut holes, other donuts, breakfast sandwiches, smoothies or Thai tea with boba, you won't be disappointed.
5	Best donuts in town and the sweet girls behind the counter make this place even better.
5	The Apple Fritters are to die for!
5	Simply THE BEST!Do you want your coworkers to give you happy high fives... Well this is the place to go in order to out smiles on their faces. I often pick up a few dozen for my employees birthdays. Let me tell you they are a huge hit! Even the CEO and CFO of the company come by just to grab a warm, gooey, delectable donut once they see me carry in the white boxes in. Their original glazed donuts are everyone's absolute favorite. This place has become my entire departments favorite donut shop. Go, run, dash there and grab some to go!
4	Looks closed from the outside. They had heavy, but much needed window tinting for Arizona. Open signs should be on the outside of these windows as well to assist, but this still wouldn't improve the quantity of donuts they were out of or the donut trays not matching the name on the display. Trying to order four strawberry filled donuts and getting lemon filled is quite a shocker.
5	Love this place! My wife turned me onto when we first started dating and we regularly start off our weekends with a trip to Bosa. Although they have great donuts we both love the ham and cheese croissants. I like mine with jalapenos for that extra spice. Then we wash that down with a glazed donut and yeah!
4	Need donuts?  This is the only place you should go. While I have kept my selection limited to glazed donuts,  donut holes,  apple fritters, french crullers  and buttermilk bars, statistcly speaking if everything else is just as good you are in good hands.  Don't take it from me just look at the numerous reviews that say it's good.
1	Service not so good lately.  One really nice girl there.  But the rest are pretty unkind.   They mess up on orders a lot too.  I ordered a tuna croissant and got home and it was a turkey yucky sandwich of which I threw away.  I called back to tell them and the girl was rude.  And I got no apology.  Terrible customer service THAT is.
4	Picked up some donuts for my buddy.  I have been to other Bosa donuts before and they were awesome.  Came to this one since it was the closest location to where I was.  I got a half dozen.  The only bummer was that they did not have my favorite kind....buttermilk bars!   Fresh out.  Whack!  Their donuts are delicious though and warrant 4 stars on their own.  If you have a chance to try the buttermilk bars, get them immediately.  Possibly the best donut in the land.  If I am ever in the area, and craving donuts, Bosa is usually always the right choice!
5	I have always enjoyed coming to Bosa, but this past visit I encountered an extremely rude employee. She did not have any manners what so ever & as we paid at the drive-thru window she did not say one word to us just handed us our order & receipt. She was way to busy having a loud conversation with someone else inside of the store. HORRIBLE. I am giving five stars because I love Bosa's pastries & have had good visits here in the past, but this one employee was just incredibly rude & had absolutely no customer service.
5	Fresh amazing donuts. 24hr drive through, They have have  traditional section of donuts and pastries that are very good.
2	The boba is great, the donuts are great but the customer service is abysmal. I still give them my service, only because they have snacks and such, but I wouldn't put them as my first recommendation to anyone or include a tip with my pay.
2	Their donuts are really good, so are their smoothies. It's honestly the only good donut place in phoenix/Scottsdale, but I dread going there because of the employees. They have zero customer service skills. I always feel like I'm putting them out. Awful way to do business. I wish there was a different 24-hour donut shop around town.
5	Quite simply the best donuts in Phoenix! Try the buttermilk, the original glazed, and the cinnamon crumble.
2	We came here for donut holes and boba tea on a Monday evening, an interesting combination but both foods are equally delicious when done right. First, the boba tea was blended instead of iced, which threw us off our game a little. It made the tarot milk taste a little watered down. Additionally, they topped it with whipped cream which we had to scoop off as we were not looking for a Frappuccino con Dulce. The donut holes are pretty taste for a good price but nothing that blew me away.
5	My guilty pleasure. Yes, donuts are absolutely horrible for you (nothing but sugar and fat) but they taste sooooo good (nom). Forget the Krispy Krap, their glaze is so sugary it gives me a toothache/headache and they are overrated in flavor.  Bosa delivers with flavor and a small (regional) chain charm.  I go for the traditional twists, so soft and fun to pull apart in fluffy pieces. But they have a number of great traditional and "fancy" jelly, sprinkle, chunky donuts.  Bonus, drinks with Boba!  I'm not big on coffee, but it tasted ok to me.  Warm and not burnt tasting.  Of course, I've been ruined by S'bux so take it with a grain of salt. This location is in a nice transitional area on edge of Arcadia.  I really appreciate the drive-thru for quick fixes.  But if you have the time, it is nice to go in an see the whole selection in the display windows. I've never had an issue with speed or service, though i've visited at different hours.
5	These guys make the best Apple Fritter, and what is so totally awesome about this drive through donut shop, is that it's a drive through donut shop with a great apple fritter. Did I mention the Apple Fritter is to die for?How about to DRIVE THROUGH...I'm there!Not too big, plenty of sweet apple, and a slight crunch, with a delicate, not too sweet of a glaze that gives that "just right" after taste...perfection.
5	These donuts are legit. Probably the best I've ever had. Small, old-school set-up with a drive-thru. Love it.
