3	Located on your way towards terminal C-D on the left this is a great place to get a good chair massage and including full body massages.  Nice place but the airport noise can be unnerving nerving when you are having a chair massage.  I stop there every other week for a chair massage.  Once I had a full body massage which was much better and quiet since you are in a room away from the crowds.  I don't know how I feel about the spa just yet.  I get some benefit from the chair massages but two things really concern me.  Twice I had massage therapists with very rough hands.  Second it the noise.  Now I can do a good job going deep into meditation.  But for others they may find little or no benefit.  I suggest remodeling some to get away from the noise.  I find it helpful to call ahead a hour to save some time.  They always have clients.  But how many are repeats?
3	I have to agree to get a service in a separate room is much better...I had an express facial... It was nice to lay down in a peaceful room.  It was worth every penny just for that. It was not the best facial, not even close. but for my sanity to leave the craze of the airport for a bit, I will do it again.Maybe the services will improve?
2	The pricing at this place is over rated.  After waiting for awhile to get some services I can definitely say that I wish I would have passed.  The OXYGEN "Breathing Space" is kinda cool but Im not sure I would pay for oxygen when I breathing just fine right now.  In a medical emergency this would come in handy.There are no private areas.  Everybody recieved their services in the open.  Not the best option for me. Especially those folks gettin wazed.The area that provided small travel items was awesome.  Just when I thought I forgot my lotion I discovered this cool place that offered plenty of options that normal Airport News Stands do not offer.
3	I had a 10 minute deep tissue massage - my back & shoulders were about to break from lugging my pack around, not to mention 5 hours of contortion trying to find a comfortable position to sleep on the previous flight.   I walked right in & was seen immediately. My masseuse was wonderful - her hands were magic & hot (temperature-wise), the better to ease my aching muscles.  Although my chair was right by the entrance, the music (and her magic hands) gave me focus for relaxation: I forgot that I was on public display.It was worth every cent.  I did not get my masseuse' name, but wish I had.  You may recognize her by the sparks & stars shooting from her fingertips.
3	Service:  really good. The gal I had was detail oriented and attentive.Price: that's the only three star item.Environment: decent for people watching Three star again because of the fact that the staff tried to fix a door with motored screw driver that was nosy.Overall, if you have time to kill and some money... Come by.
4	As airport massages go, this is the best one I've been to.  Unlike places where everyone and their mom can oogle you face down in a chair, they massage room is behind a pony wall whereas the pedi/mani stations are up close and personal.  Beware, if you ask for a deep tissue massage, you will be getting one.  And you will remember it tomorrow.The place is clean, quiet and a great break from squashed airliners.  Go there.  But get a swedish massage.
2	Pricey but a good time waster. I zoned out during the mani-pedi.  I would have scored higher but the 10 min massage was a waste of time and money. Skip the massage.
5	Wow was I impressed with the Deep Tissue one hour massage I received from Tim on November 8th.  I have been past the Terminal Getaway Spa in my travels through Charlotte and never had the time to stop.  Last Thursday I had the time, and had a serious need because my back, glute and hamstring on the right side were killing me and I was signed up for a half marathon on Saturday.  I don't think I could have made it through the race without the great effort Tim took in working out my kinks.I could go so far as to say it was the best massage I have ever had and I typically get one locally about once per quarter.  Tim even suggested a great mustard bath to use before and after the race to work out the soreness from my muscles.I'm changing my Corporate travel plans so that I go through Charlotte as often as possible and hope that I get to see Tim again soon.
4	Fast and efficient.  Stop by and they can usually get you in within about 10 to 15 minutes.  A polish change is $12 and that is similar to places outside the terminal.  You can grab a mani / pedi or get a Swedish or deep tissue massage.  Everyone is friendly and so far everyone has done a great job.  My nail tech took the time to go back and clean up all the edges before the top coat.... If you are stuck on a layover, what's better than a massage or quick polish change?
5	On a layover in Charlotte on my way home after a very emotional trip, I made the wise decision to stop here for a 45 minute table massage; probably the wisest decision I'd made in weeks. I believe my therapist's name was Derek. The massage was excellent, honestly up among my best massage experiences. pricing, at least compared to my area of the country, was really fair. Highly recommended.
5	I had a wonderful gel mani by Q.  She did a fantastic job and was delightful!  The prices are a little higher than I pay at home, but not much and as expected since it's at the airport. Would go again in a heartbeat, wish it was closer to home!
