4	I happen to work in the casino that the LA Comedy Club is in.  Considering the location, it's surprising there is any entertainment in the building at all, but it does tend to work well here.Each week there is a rotating set of performers.  What may not work for you one week may be much more entertaining the next.  For the price, however, you will get enough laughs for your money.  At the most the tickets are $34.95 and include either two drinks or a buffet; if you're not a member of the Station Casino's loyalty card program, they give you a free ticket if you buy 1 drink ($9.95 total cost).Add to all of this the overall low cost of dining at Palace Station and you can have a decent night here.  Both Cabo and Pasta Palace are part of Restaurant.com's gift certificate program where you can purchase a $25 (toward's a $35 total purchase meal) gift certificate for $10 or less.  Since I am reviewing the club itself, let me say that it is big enough to fit 100-200 people comfortably with tables and booths, yet it will never be too full that you feel boxed in.  The acoustics are alright and the microphones can be a little loud, but this is Palace Station (lots of motorized chairs, oxygen tanks and hearing aids).Check out the performers online before you go and if they seem entertaining, you'll have a good time!
4	I am a comedy nut. My roommate got an email for cheap tickets for tonights show, so we headed to PHo for some comedy. The "club" is located in the upper level of Trader Vic's which is in the very front of the miracle mile shops, Vic's has a nice patio we had a few drinks there before the show.As we headed up the stairs I expected to see a "club" but it was really only a small stage with a mic, and some lights, the venue was very "intimate" and probably seats about 100 or so.The comedians for the night were Aziz Ansari and Dan Levy.The Emcee was pretty good, he did a solid 5 minutes of comedy, I forget his name but he was a good Emcee. Dan Levy was first up, he was great, I had seen him on a few things before, and really like his set, with some more polish he could be an amazing headliner!!!Next was Aziz, I know he is a heavy hitter in the Improv world, I have seen him a few times at UCB in LA, and he is landing tons of TV roles. I was a little worried when he came out carrying a sheet with notes, but his set was solid. There was a family there for a wedding, and you could tell the parents were drug there bye their kids, Aziz went out of his way to make them laugh, he cleaned up a few jokes when they said they didn't like the profanity, and he ended up getting the to stop watching the B's fountains and focus on him.The Venue is small, the drink service was fast, there was only one person seating people, but the wait wasn't too long. All in all for a place that isn't technically a comedy club it was great, I will be going back!!!My only regret was going to the 7:30 and not the 10 show because everyone know friday late show is the time to shine!!!
5	My favorite Vegas Strip comedy club.  The comics are always funny and the price is right compared to the Improv at Harrah's. LA has a more modern look than the outdated Riviera.
4	Whoot!  Great club, ghetto casino, downtown location....I was lucky enough my first time here to see Bret Ernst...Are you kidding me? He's huge!  They host big named comics!! Second run there was to see Willie Barcena, good times and then the last time was not so good. 2/3 isn't that bad!  Make friends with the dude who seats you, I gave him my phone number to send me comps.  I now, on a weekly basis get comp invites via text messages.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!!  I go as often as I can.  :D
3	Cool place...great show...funny as hell. The downside is they let in any geek off the street who can pay for a ticket. That being said you get a bunch of drunk douchers that don't know when to keep their mouth shut!
4	I love the LA Comedy club in the 4 Queens! Other than a couple restaurants in town, I've been here more than anywhere else I don't work or live since moving to Vegas. I was really excited when the club moved downtown from PH because the venue is much nicer, the parking is way easier and the process of getting in is much smoother. Like most comedy clubs, different acts appear each week. They range from little known acts to ones who have had their own Comedy Central specials. Usually the lineups are pretty diverse and they don't put two of the same type of comedians on one bill. The venue is really nice, big but not overwhelming. The seating is pretty decent and for a few more bucks you can upgrade from the standard chair to a table or couch. The drinks are too expensive and you can buy a wrist band for all you care to drink. I've only had good experiences here, and for under $40 you can get  a show ticket and an all you can drink pass. Where else can you get this kind of deal for 2 hours of fun? Not anywhere else I've seen in Vegas.
4	Originally we bought tickets to this because it was one of the cheaper shows (~$16 for general admission). I didn't have any expectations, since I didn't know what to expect. All I knew is that the comedians are probably not well known, but what the heck, I just hope it doesn't suck. Getting seated took awhile, but we did settle with a booth in the back. It was a little far, but I was still able to see everything. As a result, the show was hilarious. I had a great night laughing, and it was definitely unexpected, because of the location, decor, and didn't know who these comedians were. I left feeling satisfied and full of laughter by the end. Jokes are recent (related to recent issues, and comedians made up jokes on the spot, with audience participation as well) As you leave the main comedian are also outside waiting to have you buy their disks, take pictures, autographs, chat, etc. So that was sweet. Definitely give it a try!
4	I never got turned on to stand-up comedy until I met my current boyfriend, who really loves it. Over the past year I've been to the Four Queens Comedy Club four times and every time I was not disappointed.The comedians for the most part are funny. However, for some reason they always seem to have a host who is well, not funny. Great thing - you can get a wristband that gets you free drinks during the show. And there are waitresses who come around to serve you, so no need to get up and get your drinks.They also have an excellent military discount. Overall, a fun time, and something totally different to do if you're downtown and in need of something to distract you from just drinking at the bars.
4	So, yes, it's a craphole, but then again, what would you expect from downtown, old school Vegas??  We bought tix for $33 each that included unlimited drinks, and managed to down 3 drinks each during the show.  The comedians were quite funny, and if you're looking for a fun couple hours away from the tables, it's a good time.
3	....and boy are my arms tired!Comedy clubs are easy to review when focusing on the club itself, and not the talent.  You could be in the perfect comedy club and see a horrible act, just as you could see something amazing at a dive bar's open mic night.  This "club" is really  a conference room that has been converted into a comedy club.  The staff sets up chairs around the room for the patrons the night of the show, adding seats when needed.  There are a few VIP couches, but since this intimate setting is quite quaint, there really is no reason to pay the high price for them.There are two waitresses who run around frantically trying to fill all the patrons' orders, but be ready to wait for your beverage.  Walking up to the bar in the room is usually a better way to go.  I saw the late (9pm) show on a Saturday night.  Seating starts at 8:30, so get there early if you want to sit in the front.  Really, there isn't a horrible seat in the house though.  I saw Todd Paul the night I went in, and laughed my A$$ off.  He was charismatic and hilarious.  His act was a mix of magic, stunts, and comedy.  He did an amazing job of making fun of Las Vegas shows, specifically magic shows.  I would definitely return for another fun night.
4	One of my favorite comedy clubs in Vegas. This place is located inside the Four Queens Downtown. The comedians rotate weekly and they have lots of great acts in town regularly. I've been to all their locations around town as they've moved from palce to place and I have to say that the Four Queens is probably my favorite. Large space, comfortable seating and laid back. Absolutely fantastic for locals and tourists alike. I highly recommend checking this out if you're in the mood to laugh.
5	One of the most fun night we have had here in vegas! Went for a friends birthday and ended up only costing us $28 fr me and hubby to drink and get in (Thank you Facebook) Hubby had gottten the all you can drink ... and let me tell you he sure did! $20 all you can drink well drinks he was a happy camper! We had great seats and the comedian was hilarious. I love how he interacted with the audience !! I will definitley go back and maybe get a room this time so i dont have to be dd! :D
5	The LA Comedy Club is now located in Planet Hollywood at the Cabo Wabo second floor Being they used to be at this same location when it was Trader Vics I was confused but it is true, Went to Saturday night show, 2 comics and a MC they were very good. the club is on the second floor and has a real great view of the fountains and the strip it is a good venue, Much nicer than the Canyon Club
3	The comedy was good (well 2 of the 3) comedians were good, if I do it again which I am sure I will, may opt for the $25 all you can drink and get hammered at the bar before sitting down for the acts, the room is surprisingly small, but has a nice view.  You can show up early save your seat and get a bunch of drinks in over the 30 min before the show starts, and the bar was empty for the most part so should be able to get quite a few in.
4	Im sure they have different comedians almost every time but my wife and i had some really funny dudes .....cant remember there names but it was a show that we almost died laughing.....
4	I don't drink, but I sure know how to laugh.I used to go to the L.A. Comedy Club back when it was inside of Trader Vic's, the former Cabo Wabo. After Trader Vic's closed, I followed the L.A. Comedy Club downtown to Four Queens, where the comedians would occassionally include a joke that they know it's called the Four Queens because that casino has a bunch of old ladies around, or yada yada yada.Regardless, my loyal following has led me back to their new former location, Cabo Wabo's. You can do the all you can drink option for $25.This is one of the best deals on the Strip! I do have a couple of reservations, however.I have probably been to L.A. Comedy Club about twenty times, and have seen some comics like Jason Harris, Todd Paul, and Bret Ernst again and again. They're funny every time I see them, and I like how they change up their delivery. I would wish to see more different comics. Each show is different from the last, based on the crowd and also based on the comics and the comics' reaction to the crowd. If you go in on a bad crowd night, and by bad crowd, I mean arm-crossed try-to-make-me-laughers, then you're going to have a not-so-great time, because comics need to feed off of the laugh. It gives them super powers. So... a suggestion... laugh and nudge the guys next to you to do the same.With those reservations said, I really like that there is a good mix of locals and tourists at this show. I also really like that they allow the stage host to make jokes and let you warm up to laugh for the real crowd-pleasers leading up to the headliner.
4	Great comedy club inside of Cabo Wabo/ Mills Mall Planet Hollywood. I had gotten 2 tickets on house seats for this comedy show on a Saturday night. But for some reason they thought we had purchased our tickets on Groupon. I don't know why this was a big deal but we ended up in the VIP section, which was very funny and cool. First row seats and hilarious comedians made up for an awesome night.
4	I purchased a groupon for this comedy club never having been here and not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't too sure at first because it seemed very disorganized and when we got upstairs (where the club is) it was much smaller than expected.  The comedians were hilarious though, the bartender was really cool-it turned out to be a great date night. I am excited to have this groupon which allows me to go back as much as I want for the next 90 days.  I think even without the groupon price I would still come here because of the $25 all you can drink and great humor!
4	LA Comedy Club is located over Cabo Wabo in a room with amazing views of the strip and Bellagio Fountains. There's an MC and 3 comics of varying degrees of funny. The crowd was small, with about 45 people. The MC was OK. The first comic was a Lebanese guy who was above average. Forgot his name, sorry.      The 2nd comic was a low-energy, overweight, depressing L.A. comic named Brandt Tobler. Although his jokes were occasionally well-written and delivered, he seethed with contempt for his audience. He constantly berated the crowd for not laughing at his drunkenly-delivered unfunny jokes. Example: "I drove five hours for this shit? You're the worst audience in the fucking world!" When he slurred a line and got no response he would blame it on the intelligence of the crowd. "You'll get that one tomorrow when you figure it out" was a common refrain, repeated at least 20 times throughout his routine. He gestured lazily with his beer bottle and sat a few times so he wouldn't fall. Got old very fast.         The headliner was an attractive blonde named Shayma Tash. She got the audience on her side quick when she stepped on stage saying "You people are awesome", FUCK THAT GUY!" Then she delivered a hilarious 20 minute set that had the audience in her hand. If not for the headliner I would never have considered returning to the club.     Shows you there are no bad audiences, just bad comics.
3	There are a lot of pros and cons here. FOUR stars for Todd Paul, THREE stars for the Venue and TWO stars for the Venue Seating/Line process.First NOBODY at the enormous Planet Hollywood 3663 address knows where this place is...ABOVE the Cabo Wabo Cantina (don't eat there, Try Lombardi's). Groovy bathroom downstairs though (and there IS a bathroom upstairs).WHEN you get there, ( just to the right of the Cantina) still early enough to get a good seat, you are going to be brushed back by a beehive pierced 19-year old hipster that will tell you that you can't get in until later. Ignore her, go sit on a couch inside the cantina, and when she tries to let all her slacker dealer friends in ahead of you, BEAT THEM to the head of the line. Very satisfying.NOW you are in a line that leads to two flights of fairly tricky steep stairs (we THINK there may have been an elevator). You are in line behind ALL the people that bought an all you can drink plus $25 ticket. And that looks like a deal unless you are content to nurse just ONE $10 bottle beer like we did plus smuggled in H2O. Finally you get to the top and an usher will slowly take a few people at a time and seat you (bad high school stackable chairs) front to back, so it DOES pay to get there early. Small room, only a couple small tables at the back, and a long bar to the right, probably no more than 200 seats. THAT makes it a great little venue for some SHOCK comedy and we weren't disappointed.Todd Paul was who we wanted to see and after a couple competent enough warm up acts, he delivered. DON'T watch his video previews on-line as you WILL see some of his show and I think it is better fresh. Sit up at the front at your own peril, Todd WILL put you to work and we WILL laugh. We just missed a better groupon deal so wound up buying our tickets at the cursed Half Price Tickets booth. Watch groupon on, and look for other options on-line. Excellent show.Update: MOVED to Bally's, haven't been there yet.
2	NOT BAD. BUT NOT GOOD EITHER.PROS: It's located inside the Cabo Wabo Cantina on the second floor. If you are hungry, you have what looks like a pretty decent restaurant on the main floor. When you make your way up the stairs, the venue itself is pretty decent size with a full bar for you alcoholics. The view from there is pretty awesome. You can see right below you the strip and a clear view of the Bellagio fountains across the street.CONS: The elevator was out of order that night we went. What if you were handicapped? How the heck are you suppose to make it up the second floor? Anyways that was just a minor thing compared to the major issue. Since the restaurant is right below us, all the noise coming from there was echoing up the stairs to the venue. So sometimes you couldnt fully understand what the comedians were saying. The mics were turned up pretty good already but the fact that you have constant background noise from downstairs greatly reduces this review to 2 stars. Fix that and you are at least a 4 stars.As for the comedians, there is a new set every week so this review does not pertain to them. The venue is what is always constant so that is what you will be dealing with, thus this review will tell what to expect atmospherewise.
1	We used a Groupon on a Saturday night.  There was no problem redeeming the Groupon for two VIP tickets.  A line began forming at 9:15pm.  At 9:45pm, they took VIP ticket holders out of the line and escorted us upstairs to the venue.There were no tables for our drinks and the chairs were very uncomfortable.  Behind the make-shift stage were windows overlooking the Strip.  The flashing light coming from giant signage was very distracting.  All three performers were terribly unfunny.  They all seemed to be 'phoning it in' and didn't really seem to be interested in making us laugh.  At times, the Bellagio fountains (which we could easily see behind the performers) were more interesting than the comedians.The show started at 10:20 and ended at 11:20.  Exactly one hour.  The whole event was very amateurish.  We will not be back and will not recommend the show to our friends.
3	Had a great deal to this place thanks to a friend who put our 20th reunion together. All you can drink and admission to the show. The club is above the Cabo Wabo Cantina and offers a spectacular view of the strip and the bellagio across the street.The comics were fabulous and had my tummy aching from all the laughter. Definitely worth a trip if visiting the strip.
3	The club is upstairs inside Cabo Wabo, which is just outside the Planet Hollywood casino(one of my favorites). The club is cheesy since it looks like a former reception room converted into a club. $35 for general admission(don't pay for upgraded seats) seems a little pricey. The $25 all-you-can-drink option is worth it if you drink 3 or more drinks(at $12 apiece otherwise). Get there early to be first in line, get a drink as soon as you can. The bar shuts down as soon as the second comedian ends his act. The two comedians were hilarious!
1	Small venue and the comics were not funny. The last 2 comedy clubs I've done in Vegas have been very disappointing, the other being The Improv. The best time at one of these I ever had was at The Comedy Stop at the Trop, but that one is no more. It's really a good thing my friend got us all in for free on a locals ticket. Otherwise, I would have been even more disappointed.If you're not careful, you will spill your drinks as the only place they had for them was a cup holder on the back of the chair in front of you. This is another Vegas venue where they just make you feel like herded cattle.I have decided after this dismal display, that I will no longer be doing comedy clubs unless they have a nationally known headliner and I know I'm going to laugh so hard that I can't laugh anymore. I can get just as many good laughs from a bad comedy movie.
4	I'd definitely go here again. I went with my boyfriend after dinner at Planet Hollywood. We were looking for something fun to do for the night and saw a Groupon NOW for the show.  We went by, missed the Groupon deal, but overall it was $70 each for VIP seating and all you can drink. It worked out GREAT! We went to the bar and hung out, the host came a found us to seat us and get us drinks before the club actually opened. We got GREAT seats and the drinks were good.  the show was hilarious! I haven't laughed so hard in years.  The Comedian made fun of this group in the front row for half his act...AMAZING! I'd go here again. I went on 30Dec12 for anyone who wants to look up the comedian.
3	It's a good comedy show, but I had the feel that some of the comics didn't have much experience and couldn't connect with the public very well.The venue was pretty spacious and it had a nice view outside. The arrangement of the tables and seats was a little odd. I was on the left side of the stage and at some point my neck started hurting from having to twist my body.I picked up the tickets from the "show tickets 4 locals" website, they make you buy a drink, and the drinks were a little too expensive for bally's show.Overall a good show and variety of comics.
5	A great stand-up show every time!I've been going to L.A. Comedy Club for years now and have never been to a bad show!  Sure sometimes some of the comics aren't as funny as I would like, but the headliner or one of the other two have always made me laugh.  The new venue is at Bally's and is past the Jubilee showroom up the escalators beside the Poker room.  The seats (which a lot of people complained about before when it was at PH) are better than before but still normal padded chairs.  The view isn't as good as it was at PH but it is a better showroom overall and is medium sized yet intimate.  They do a lot of specials as well, from Groupon to locals deals, and their last minute normal pricing is fair as well.  On top of all that, they have an all-u-can-drink special that is usually $25 but can be less if bought with packages.  So the price for an 1.5+ hour show on the strip is A+ awesome!I've met a lot of the comics after the show (not required but I like talking to them), as well as the awesome maitre d (Justin) and even the owner who is often there making sure everyone is having fun.Bottom line:  I really enjoy using the LA comedy club shows as my default date night/night out/ or just something fun to do all the time, so check it out if you like comedy!
1	My husband and I decided to check this out, and purchased discount tickets on the strip.  Even at half off, I feel like we threw our money away!  The comedians were amateur at best, and this includes the headliner.  Jokes were not only crude, but nasty and several people walked out during the show. The drinks were overpriced and the "all you can drink" option for $25 was not a good deal.  Cheap wine, well drinks and domestic beer.  My advice? Save your money and buy tickets to a genuine comedy act.
4	For the price, had a groupon, it was worth it.   The comedians were great and a fun place to go for a good laugh.   I would recommend it.
4	Saw Peter Berman, he was pretty good. The opening comic, Matt Markman was funnier than him though. The MC, Lance, was quite funny despite all the gay jokes. Had a ton of fun, just wish the seating was better. Most uncomfortable chairs for a pregnant woman to sit in! Lol... Also "Tony and Tina's Wedding" ran long so we had a heck of a wait in line, although we were first. Biggest complaint is that if you call they tell you get there an hour and a half early, in talking to club staff, we should have been told half hour.
4	Pretty fun. 3 acts. I would go again. i was laughing. Not cracking up laughing but laughing. Pretty good show for price.
4	I go here often . I have followed them from all the numerous locations in Las Vegas they have been in from Planet Hollywood, Four Queens, and tonight Ballys. They have great comedians most of the time.  Thats why I go back so often.  I also get deals where I can get in either free (Showtickets 4 locals)  or prepaid Houseseats.  Even then, if the show worth going to I wouldn't return.  Not sure what the venue is like at Ballys yet but, Cabo Wabo was small and cozy, I guess you can call it that.  The downtown location was on the dumpy side.  It didnt stop me from going though. I guess you can say its the comedians that bring me back !!!!
4	This is located inside Bally's and while it's not much of a scene as far as setting or ambiance, the 4 comedians I saw were hilarious. Tip #1 - Check for coupons online if you are purchasing ahead of time.Tip #2 - Get the "VIP" if you are purchasing regular tickets because it's totally worth it as drinks run you $10 a pop once inside AND you get to enter first for best seats. We had pretty crappy seats as we just had regular price tickets but it wasn't terrible as we were right next to the sound guy and we still had an okay view of the stage. On the bill the night I went was headliner, Christopher "Kid" Reid, formerly of Kid 'N Play and 3 other guys who I totally forget their names but I know one was a CA local Radio DJ and another was a writer for Family Guy... all of them delivered! I was slapping my foot the entire time and I have to say, our crowd was a good one... from random comments to barkers, yes, barkers. I think the one good thing about sitting on the outside, no where near tables, was that we had a server walking around, that was a plus! So, like I said, not much of a "scene" but great laughs. It's on the second floor of Bally's, lack of signage will confuse you so ask someone! Also, be prepared for a line in the hallway but no worries, they wait for everyone to be inside before they start.
3	Drinks special can be a good deal if you like to drink fast.  The Club is in an OK location and is a pretty small venue.  The Comics they get are OK but you get what you pay for.  Not a bad night out if you have already seen all the cool shows in Vegas.  The seating is banquet style chairs and if in the back you will have a hard time seeing.   Doing VIP is a must...
4	The venue appeared somewhat questionable but when the comedians began their acts you forgot all about that. The headliner Lisa Landry was hilarious and her warm up acts were great too. We had our tickets through Vegas.com which saved us having to buy drinks.  This show was way better than the big name we saw earlier in the week who appeared bored and detached during his act.
1	Why ask people to bring their "VIP" tickets at 8:15pm if you're not going to let anyone in until after 9pm?LA Comedy club wasn't on the directory so we had to ask several employees where the club was. We purchased groupons that said to bring your VIP ticket between 8:15-9:00. We arrived at 8:20 and there were no employees anywhere and the club was closed. There was a make shift line of random customers with the same confusion. We left and came back at 8:45. There at least was now an employee who told us that it didn't open for another 20 minutes. We went to go lean against the wall to wait and found out if we hadn't left we would have been first in line as that was where the line started. About 7 people had filled in so we weren't that far back but I the employee did her job with information we could have been first.The groupon said front row, we asked to be sat in the front row - we were sat two rows back - even though there were no people in the front row yet - when that row was occupied, it was because they were seated well after we were. The row we were in did not have tables or anything to lean on - only every other row had tables. Definitely not VIP seats.I would not recommend this cluster-F of a "comedy club" nor will I come back.**********UPDATE***********I left the original review during the 45 minute wait for the show to start. After the show, I was accosted by the host who sat me. He apologized for not hearing me ask for the front row. Then asked me to prove to him that groupon listed front row seating because it didn't say it anywhere on the paper. He did this IN FRONT OF EVERYONE LEAVING - I was horrified. It was like he had zero customer service experience ever. So I pulled up the groupon page on my phone (something he could have done himself after reading my review) and showed him. He physically took my phone out of my hands to show it to the owner - again like he couldn't just pull up the page himself later. The owner looked like he couldn't care less. The host had told me he wanted to resolve the issue. I guess in his mind it was resolved - now that I proved I wasn't lying. And sent me on my way with an apology. If I could give a zero star review I would. Now instead of never going back, I'm going to tell EVERYONE about my shitty experience and make sure no-one else has to waste their money on LA Comedy Club!
5	The club was great.  There were 5 comics, that were all at different levels of funny. I was expecting only three.   I really liked the headliner and would go see him again.  He was smart and didn't rely on just shocking the audience with a bunch of crap.
1	I paid for VIP seating for the show.  What a waste of money!  There was no distinction between general seating and VIP seating.  Some people in front of us has tables, but we did not.  At the least, we should have had a table on which to set our drinks.  The show was fine, but do not waste your money to upgrade to VIP.  I complained the next day to the box office sales booth at Bally's, but they could have cared less.
3	I thought this was a good show for the price.  It can get very expensive in Vegas and it was nice to find a reasonable show that provided entertainment and booze.  We had VIP seats that got us front row.  The venue is small, cozy and has a great view of the strip through the "Windows" theater.Opening act appeared to be young and new to the stage.  Some of the content was good, some was ok and some was offensive.  Pretty standard for a comedy show.Second and headliner were more relaxed and had routines.  Again, not all the content was my cup of tea, but I found myself laughing more than not.Nice to have a close, personal show in such a big overwhelming city.Get groupon or discounted tickets and keep an open mind.
5	I highly recommend buying tickets to see the stand up comedians at LA Comedy club. My friends and I were laughing until tears were rolling down our faces. The price for the tickets are reasonable and our show was 1.5hours divided between 4 comedians. We will defiantly attend during our next visit to Vegas.
1	Oh puh-leaze!  The good reviews must be written about excellent headliners or by shills.  Got supposedly "free" tickets that cost the three of us $40.  They included one watered down drink each.  Yes, even my bottled water (that is clearly labeled $4) cost $10.50, plus a $2.50 upcharge, plus tax, plus whatever else it took to get to the $40.  The MC was horrible, and I never heard so many genitalia jokes in a 60 minute period before from three different comics.  If you go, take lots of money and buy lots of drinks because the only people laughing were drunk, drunk, drunk.  The venue is very mediocre and, as might be expected in Vegas, you have to walk through the casino to get to it.  Showtickets4locals sure was a rip off on this occasion.  Never used them before and never will again.
3	My second time here, although my first experience was better. The bf and I got tix from the rewards center at the Rio. We were getting copies of our players cards to eat at the buffet, and when the lady found out it was my bday she gave us 2 tix to the comedy club that started at 9:30. That gave us time to eat and then head over to Ballys. FYI there is a shuttle from Rio to Bally's every hour so you could try and catch the shuttle if you don't want to drive. Anyways the comedy club is located on the 2nd floor of the casino. You could take the escalator up or they have an elevator.For the most part, the acts were pretty funny. They had 4 guys come on, 3 openers and then the headliner. I didn't recognize any of their names, but some of them were on last comic standing. They change acts every week so you wont see the same people perform. I think you have to be 21+ to get in, I didn't see any kids there. They have a bar if you want to buy drinks, but they are expensive. 2 beers runs about $20. All in all, its a fun thing to do in Vegas if you have a couple hours to spare and want to laugh!
3	It's like gambling. Sometimes, you win big...and other times...not so much.The show started off great. Our MC was engaging and very funny. He was very comfortable in his own skin and using his life as material for his comedy, but he was still socially aware to not go too far. The same cannot be said about the first two comedians that came after who were crude, swore way too much, and shoved their distasteful humor down your throat irregardless of people being notably disgusted. At one point, a lady stood up after the joke went too far and asked the comedian to move on. Instead, he used this as fodder to continue at it. I get using someone as the butt of all jokes, but when LITERALLY no one else is laughing with you...it is time to move on. Luckily, the MC was able to put a bandaid over each of these two flops.The headliner Jay Reid did make up for the entire night though...otherwise it would have been a complete dud at $20/ticket. Jay Reid made excellent use of the stage going as far as using the stool and mic stand as props. He had jokes about current events as well as of normal controversial/taboo subjects. The jokes were tasteful and he even stuck around to meet the audience after. Very classy and cool.
