4	Tucked inside of Bailey's Restaurant and Bar on the Southwest corner of Craig and Rancho, this little Thai restaurant was a pleasure to visit.  It is owned by Tick, the original owner of Komol.  The Thai restaurant is basically the dining area of the bar.  It's a little smokey, and the bar definitely has a dive sports bar feel to it with a Coors logo of every NFL team lining the room. Surprisingly, one of the pioneers in the Las Vegas Thai food scene has made his return to Vegas in this little bar.  We ordered the Pad Kee Mao with Pork, the Beef Panang, and the Glass Noodle Salad.  All were entrees and were under $10.  The Pad Kee Mao was out first.  The pork was light and tender, the veggies crisp.  The noodles were a bit heavier than the typical noodle used in this dish.  The sauce was also light, with not a lot of flavor but with a nice balance to it. The Beef Panang and the Glass Noodle Salad were my favorite dishes.  Again, both were light in flavor but balanced with authentic ingredients.  The Beef Panang was watery as a good Thai Panang should be, and without peanut sauce.  The spices used did remind me of the Panang at Komol.  I quite enjoyed the flavor of it.  The Glass Noodle Salad was lightly sour, lightly herbed, but it hit all the right spots.  I recommend trying these two dishes.  Overall this little hidden Thai restaurant is definitely worth a try if you live in the neighborhood.  The heat levels were quite low (we ordered hot, and it was barely spicey), but our server said they have had some problems with customers ordering hot and complaining about it being too hot.  If you can't handle the heat, get out of the Thai restaurant is what I say, but I guess they have a business to run.  She said that now that she knows we can eat spicy, they'll make it Thai hot for us.  We had a nice little chat with Tick, the owner.  He opened Komol in '79.  The only other Thai restaurant at the time was Kung Fu.  It was a time when people didn't even know what Pad Thai was!  I got a nice little Vegas history lesson on Thai restaurants, and enjoyed his insights.  I will definitely try to come back and visit Tick and our waitress Kim to enjoy some light, but well made Thai food!
4	I browse the app from time to time to see if there is anything new in my area (though doubt it) and get excited when something different pops up that proves me wrong. I see a Thai place and am intrigued and became even more excited seeing two people I trust (Dan and Amanda) reviewed it. Hopped into the car to try something new than the same ole' take out and fast food open late night. This Thai food kitchen is integrated as part of Bailey's Bar which definitely is odd and not what you would expect. You sit at this typical divey bar except the menu has Thai. If you sit at the bar they have a bar menu of sorts with things like burgers mixed with the Thai, but ask for a full Thai menu. On the night we were there (Friday), it was bumping with karaoke which added more to the odd placement. The fact that the original owner of Komol is running this place make it even more bizarre, but a promise of some good food.We both got Thai ice teas and at $1.25 this is the cheapest I've seen this drink being sold and it was good and not too sweet.Pad Kee Mao with Pork - I think this was pretty good, decent flavor and perfect amount of spice. The pork was good quality and tender. Tofu Panang - this is a far more fragrant panang than most places do, definitely like Komols. If you love keffir leaf/ lemongrass type flavor then you might highly enjoy its presence here. The serving was generous and the tofu was lightly fried on the outside but nice and silky inside. Definitely ate this up.Serving sizes were more than generous as well for the price, we had some leftovers. It was $21ish for our meal for 2 drinks, 2 entrees, 1 extra rice. They do lunch specials until 3pm Mon- Fri as well, so you can get some noms on the cheap here. The server was very friendly and attentive. Considering we were on the other side of the bar in a booth, I was apprehensive if we would be seen, but she anticipated our needs and made rounds to check on us. Eating in a smokey bar not your thing? Take it to-go and they also do delivery! Definitely a great addition to the NW as we don't have a Thai place abundance here, but excited it seems to be authentic and quality Thai at that. I think we will end up getting a lot of take out from here since it's on the way home. Highly pleased with my inaugural visit with the quality of food and can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
4	This is for sure HOLE-IN-THE-WALL.  But dammit, it's good!Basil Thai-Fusion is a one off, located off of Ranch & Craig, in the dining area of Bailey's Restaurant and Bar.  Yes.  I was confused when I first found it.  The night we went?  It was karaoke night, and wow, were there a number of drunk folks ready to sing along to Lionel Richie's 'What a Feeling'.  Since we had our kid in tow, we opted to do take out from the kitchen.  Although in retrospect I would have loved to throw down a rendition of 'Maneater' by Hall & Oates and leave the crowd AMAZED.One great thing about Basil Thai-Fusion is the prices.  Since the food is created in a little kitchen, savings on overhead can be had, and those savings get passed along to the customer!  Nearly every main item on the menu is priced between a healthy $6 - $9 (unless you get the NY Strip which will set you back $17).  Nice value!  I love savin' me some green for the slot machine!Another plus?  The food!  Really, it is pretty good.  We shared:-Thai Beef Salad - Beef marinated in thai spices, grilled, then placed over a bed of lettuce and veggies-Pad Thai with chicken - Pan fried noodles in house-made basil tamarind sauce with egg, bean sprouts, green onions, and topped with peanuts-Thai Mint with beef - Mint leaves cooked with thai spices and chilesThai food is so delicious!  Complex flavors of sweet, spicy, tangy, salty, when done right it can ooze UMAMI!  Basil Thai-Fusion knows how to do it right.  Even in take out boxes the food was still good.  My only concern?  Watch your spiciness level!  If you don't like hot spicy foods, stick to a 0 or 1.  Trust me!  A level 5 on the spice meter at this place might burn your mouth a bit.  And I like spicy food.  We went with a level 3 heat and that still was enough to make us sweat bullets.  But I just couldn't stop eating.  Love.  Hate.  Love.  Hate.  Love!You gotta come to Basil Thai-Fusion to do their lunch special.  Cheap on the cheap!  The lunch special is served daily from 11 AM - 3 PM.  You can choose from 14 different entrees, and each come with your choice of fried rice or white rice, soup, and an eggroll.  All for less than $6!  Go for the Pepper Steak or the Panang Curry.  Sounds delicious.  Service was good, our lone girl waitress/hostess was very friendly and was apologetic when we said we would wait outside for our take out order because it was smoky inside.  When we come back again I think we will probably eat in the outdoor patio area of the restaurant, or just do take out again.Yes Yelpers, go to this place and THAI it out!  Ha Ha!  I made a funny!  I think.
4	SOLID authentic Thai food...Where??  Am I in the right place??A true hole in the wall...hiding in a bar I could pass by EVERY single day and never notice, let alone see an ethnic restaurant hiding in this dive lol.When you first walk in, you see tables and chairs, but no real obvious sign that there is a restaurant inside the bar here.  There is a long hallway that brings you to a kitchen, and that's where we got someone's attention to place an order.We decided to eat in...but I think this is mostly a to-go kind of place.  Maybe if I was here gambling/drinking/darts/pool I would for sure order here!  They were ok with Little Foodie Dude eating here in the "restaurant" side.  It wasn't overly smokey on this side, but I still don't think I would bring him here again.First up, Thai Mint ($8): "Pad Ka Pao"....GREAT version here! Tons of flavor in the Chicken and there was a good amount of heat in the spices! One of the better versions of this dish in town in my opinion!Pad Kee Mao ($7). This was good overall! Lots of flavor in the noodles...packed a bit of heat on my scale but not much. Good stuff, but the Pad Ka Pao wins this round!Thai Beef Salad ($7). This was a good rendition...beef was tasty and done well. Salad was ok overall.  Good choice!The portions are a little smaller than some other places, but the prices beat out most everyone in town!  I'd rather get full splitting 3 entrees here, instead of 2 somewhere else for the same price.Check em out if you are in the area :)
5	Wow, finally a new GENUINE Thai food place in the North West ! We found them while looking for something as an alternative to our usual greasy Chinese place that we love. We ordered the Mongolian Beef *4 spicy for my daughter, Chicken pad thai *2, Tom Ka *2 and a special order of duck curry for my husband. All of the food was spot on. They even brought us out some fish sauce for the Tom Ka and the owner and his wife came out to introduce themselves to us. The Thai tea was a hit for me because it wasn't super sweet . Some places making it so cloying sweet that you don't even know your drinking tea. Plus at the low price of $1.25 you can't go wrong. The location of this place is in a bar, but with the warmer weather upon us you can go onto the patio to eat if the smoke bothers you.  We used to be die hard PinKow fans ( lets talk way back to their blue booths when it was just in the one location )  and due to the "fame" portion sizes, quality and service is just not what it used to be. I am glad to have stumbled upon this little gem in the NW. They have long ties with the community and have us hooked !
4	Oh, hello delicious Thai food!!! I LOVE that another place is close by for Thai. I had been wanting to try out this place for the last few months. I was stuck at work due to being short staffed, so a few of us ordered. I love Thai curry's, so I'm always down to try them before anything else. I had the Panang Curry w/ Chicken. They didn't ask for a spice level on the phone, so it was pretty spicy. Which is fine with me, the spicier the better. As long as it doesn't burn your mouth to where you can't taste the flavors. The curry was very good, very flavorful and rich. The lunch specials are insanely cheap. You get a huge scoop of rice, a spring roll and soup with your order. Most of them are under $6. That's insanely cheap for some good food. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes. The pictures look awesome!
2	Okay so...my first order here did not go well. Ordered from Eat24 and was happy to see a vegetarian section, but there is some lack of communication between the system and the restaurant crew. Both vegetarian dishes came full of chicken. I reported one (did not notice the curry right away) and Eat24 refunded and the very nice manager came by and apologized. Apparently the computer doesn't even tell them it's vegetarian, must be a software glitch. So make sure to be specific and redundant in the order details until its fixed. They say that I will have a free entree next time, so points to them and Eat24 for the refund. They also forgot my coffee but that was dropped off when the manager came by. So while my first order has turned out for me having rice and coffee I expect my next will be better.
1	Sadly I was disappointed in this place. I ordered delivery and the two dishes that I ordered were awful. The chicken pad see ew came in a small portion, not worthy of me paying $7 plus delivery and tip for. It also had chow fun noodles, not the nice soft wide noodles normally used for the dish. Aside from those issues the entree was completely void of flavor. I also ordered the basil fried rice. It was disgusting. Imagine taking some brown rice and dowsing it with siracha then throwing in some bell peppers. It was so spicy I could barely taste much else although it needed soy sauce. I took a second bite and decided just to throw it away.
3	It was a cold and windy night and the thought of leaving the house for dinner after 10 pm sounded laborious. We were feeling asian food and decided to order delivery from this place because of the great ratings on yelp. We ordered the pad thai chicken, pad see ew beef, and the 10 piece wontons with sweet and sour sauce. The total came out to be about $22 with tax and delivery. That's a good price. I would almost agree with Jill C.'s review about the food being super bland and the wrong noodles being used. However, I will give my pros and the cons:Pros-They are open late for delivery - until midnight. $3 delivery charge is cheap! $7 per noodle dish is actually a decent price.Their chilies in fish sauce were super spicy and had great flavor! Being a spice lover, that is a huge plus in my book. Great service - the delivery guy was a super sweet old man. He was so kind and made sure we got for everything we ordered.Cons-The pad see ew noodles used were not the common wide noodles but they were chow fun noodles. They were not as wide and also had more of a firm bite. It was not disgusting, just not traditional. Yes, the noodle dishes were bland and one noted. I needed to add 1 whole container of chilies in fish sauce to add salt, flavor, depth, and spice. It really helped. The pad thai was dry and I prefer my noodles wet and juicy! The sweet and sour sauce was watery so it didn't adhere to the wonton chip too well when we dipped. Overall the food isn't 5 stars or what we would typically call amazing, but the mom and pop shop is affordable and offers delivery at off hours, plus the food isn't terrible.
4	Delivery was quick and not expensive delivery fee .. Big portions and delicious fried rice . Orange chicken could use more chicken but definitely recommend or delivery for sure
4	My go to for years merely due to location and decent food was Pin Kaow.  Lotus of Siam is always a good experience but kind of far for me. My recent love has been Nittaya's Secret Kitchen. Solid Thai food, beautifully presented and a intimate relaxing environment. But....I know I'm here to review Basil fusion so here goes. Probably the closest Thai food if you live in the northwest.  Merely chose this Bc I siri'd Thai food and this popped up. Not bad reviews and I wanted to take Thai food home without driving far. A first for seeing a Thai food place in a bar. Kinda odd, but hey I chose to give the food a chance. Do not recommend eating in, smokey and dingy, the patio is doable if the weather is perfect.  Doable for take out, barely, since picking up was in a back hallway where you feel like you don't belong. But they came out of the kitchen right away to acknowledge me and the Thai lady was very friendly. Now for the food.Pad Se Ew with tofu. I agree with other reviewers about the noodles. I'd recommend this place not continue with these noodles Bc the traditional wider noodle is so part of the experience of Pad Se Ew. I will say that places that try to substitute the Chinese broccoli for American  broccoli really disappoint, but this place had the Chinese broccoli so it partially made up for the noodle. It was not bad overall.  Pad se ew is becoming a very popular favorite in Thai food, so they should really make some changes to make it right. Overall, 7/10.Red curry with chicken. This was comparable to any other Thai restaurant I've been. Nice amount of chunky vegetables, chicken was tender and flavor was good. Overall, 8/10. No spring rolls so ordered Egg rolls. Could've done without, tasted like Panda Express egg rolls. 6/10.I give this place a 4 star due to price, location, decent Thai food to take home and a friendly chef lady:)
3	Totally wanted to like this place. Seemed like the reviews were good but it pretty much tanked on my visit. This is basically a take out place only. It's in a bar and there are a few seats outside so know that to begin with. We sat outside. Service was friendly but both of our dishes were greasy and bland. Something must have been up in the kitchen the night we were there I'm thinking but our food was very forgettable. There are way better choices for Thai on the west side.
1	Ordered thru eat24 not only did my food arrive incorrect and half hour later than the time given. It arrived cold with the rude driver that tried to charge me when I paid via credit card on the phone. Called the restaurant back to inform them my order was wrong; I was told they will not resend the driver because I was not satisfied and that everyone else does not complain. Idk wtf kind of day the manager had but wrong day to eff with me. I was told if I don't like their type of food I don't have to order. Went down and got my money back and gave them their food back. Will never order from here
1	Okay. So even for late night, just go to your local convenient store and buy a microwaveable burrito. The quality of food is horrible. I believe in giving a restaurant a chance. I ordered the same thing on two different occasions. First time: Pad Thai with chicken & 6 crispy fried wingsI got call after I placed my order that they were out of wings. How are you out of wings? Okay. I'll take calamari. When my order arrived a hour later, the food was luke warm. the calamari was heavily breaded and like rubber bands. The  pad thai with chicken had great flavor, fresh veggies, but the chicken was tough and flavorless. The noodles WERE NOT PAD THAI NOODLES, BUT CHEAP RAMEN NOODLES STUCK TOGETHER..Second Time:  Pad Thai with chicken & 6 crispy fried wingsThe pad thai had the same stuck together cheap ramen noodles and no flavor this time. Veggies were fresh. The 6 crispy wings????? *******6 TINY DRUMMETTES AND PLATE FULL OF FRIES WITH WARM RANCH DRESSING*** WTF??? SERIOUSLY?? $8.00 FOR THAT. It would take all 6 drummettes to make one tine fried wing....Never again.. Stay away from this place. And yes the delivery time sucks..
2	I tried this place because I saw it had a nice rating and some good curry reviews... but I didnt care for their curry at all compared to my regular thai place.. and their wonton soup just didn't taste right to me... meh.
5	I love their food. So far great service and a nice man delivers. Very nice friendly people and service orientated..
1	I Placed an order from this restaurant through Eat24. This was the first, as well a the last, time I will eat here.  I ordered Crab Rangoon, a cucumber salad and Chicken Pad Thai without peanuts.  My order was supposed to take 30-45 minutes. After tracking on the Eat24 app, at 48 minutes, I placed a call to check order status and I was told my good was on the way. About 5 minutes later it arrived. I tore into my crab Rangoon which was in fact good. The pad Thai on the other hand??? The worst ever. Firstly it didn't come with chicken.  I think it was beef but honestly when I put it in my mouth it tasted so God awful that I gagged and spit it out.  The noodles looked old and we're literally in one big clump all stuck together.  I tried to separate them with my fork, but to no avail.  Upon calling the restaurant I didn't get much assistance due mostly to, I believe at least, a language barrier. Very unfortunate.  Eat24 was great to remove the pad Thai from my bill. And the cucumber salad was good, but that's kinda hard to mess up.
2	I drove around in circles trying to find this place.  It's the kitchen of some bar on Rancho and Craig.  Anyway I ordered the standard "house" fried rice which consisted of Pork, steak, chicken, and shrimp.  I altered the dish by omitting the pork.  In regard to flavor, it was exactly what one would hope fried rice would taste like.  Presentation, however missed the mark due to the measly 2 shrimp that were in the container.  also, I wasn't crazy about paying almost $9 for fried rice(I don't care what the size of the container is).  It took them forever to bring me my change like there was some obligation to give them a tip.  I don't think so.  Hell, you got $8.65 for rice, that $1.35 in change is going in my tank.  Overall, the rice was delicious.  I may try their lunch specials one day.
