3	Busy at lunch.  1 line for Burritos and 1 line for everything else.  You get through the line pretty quickly.  Typical Qdoba.  Choice of steak or chicken.  Decent food for a decent price.  Rice is a little bland.  Steak is spicier than the chicken.  Had a new cashier today that tried to charge us $10+ for 4 tacos with fajita veggies.  Limited seating inside.  Most people get it to go.  If you show your company badge you get a free drink.  If you join the rewards program you get a free burrito after 10 entrees with Monday being worth double.
3	I usually pass over this restaurant in favor of the Qdoba on Sixth. Nothing special and also the restaurant is very narrow and you have to squeeze pass people entering the restaurant to get to the fountain drink machine.  This Qdoba is poorly laid out and I never feel completely comfortable eating here. I often wonder if because of my size I get served less food. My tacos are always filled with the tiniest bit of filling at this Qdoba. Yes I may be a small person but I am paying the same price as the next person. So it does annoy me when I'm served less and this happens all the time here. I cannot get full eating even 3 tacos at this Qdoba, it's not a good value for my money.
3	Nothing special, move along
3	As fast food goes, I generally avoid it like the plague that it has become, but when our company received an envelope full of two-for-one coupons, with my limited choices for decent and affordable lunches downtown on days that I'd not prepped something at home, Qdoba won me for at least a try, and they became like my fifth in line for something to eat downtown.These coupons were only good for this one specific location downtown, so this location got us.I have to say, I wasn't disappointed, and over the course of the next two months, we went through quite a few of these coupons. Almost every time we went in, the place was really busy, but they've divided it into two lines. One for burritos only, and the other for the rest, and it seems to work out rather well for keeping a smooth and timely flow. The food itself is pretty good. I mean it IS fast food, so the crew from The Chew won't be standing in line to assess its gourmet goodness, but considering the crap that most conveyor belt fast fooderies crank out, Qdoba actually puts out a decent edible and I dare say even tasty product. I've gotten steak burritos and nachos, and neither have disappointed. They are decent sized, filling, and come with that thing that eludes a lot of fast food factories...flavor. It's not what I'd call cheap, nor is it expensive. For what you get, it's about right. The steak doesn't taste like freeze dried dog food, and the additives like guacamole and cheese are fresh. Additionally, the staff at this particular location isn't the usual paper-hatted line-up of minimum wage zombies. Some of them are actually kind of adorable, including the little guy who usually starts you off in the burrito line. A slightly cherubic guy, he's friendly, being the starter of the burrito, with the tortilla, meat and rice/beans, seems to genuinely like his customers, and then he passes you on to the next staff member who will stuff the remainder of goodies into your burrito, and usually, they're just as friendly. All in all, this is a nice option for a downtown quick lunch. Decent food, ok prices, pleasant staff, and a quick in-and-out. A chain worth linking with.
3	I'm closer to the one near the Steel Plaza, but I normally walk the extra block & head here. Even though the layout is literally smushed, i kinda feel as if there is a little more seating here and that the line goes faster. I also prefer this location's Queso compared to the other location. I'll show my cheap side & mention that I only stop in on Taco Tuesdays and $5 burrito Fridays. Honestly, I thought I was crazy until I read Lucretiz's review- I'm like 90% sure my taco & burritos get downsized because of my size. I watch them make these full, plump tacos & burritos then when it's my turn it's like next to nothing! So thanks Lucretiz's for letting me see that I'm not truly crazy! NOTE: they recently added those cool Coca-Cola machines.. so if Orange Coke is your cup of tea, stop in! Also, as of February they added 2 new quesos! Queso Diablo (jalapenos & chipotle) and Queso Verde (cilantro & lime juice) Both are made from their 3-cheese queso
