5	Great shop.  Honest advice and easy to work with.I have been going to Andre for a few years now and I have never had a single problem with his repairs.Give them a ring next time you need some work done!
5	After driving from San Diego, California to Phoenix, Arizona.  I went here needing an overdue oil change and to get my tires checked.  The owners were a nice couple who moved to Arizona from Rhode Island.  The husband does all the work on the cars and his wife takes care of the customers in front.  A very cool down to earth couple.  They are great.  I noticed that the wife also sells Avon products.  She had a little room displaying her items for sale.  When I was there women were coming in for their Avon needs.  I thought it was cool.  Didn't seem to interrupt the car repair part of the business at all.After my car was done.  I was happy with the service.  The place was fast, friendly and my bill was reasonably priced.  I would definitely trust my car with them again.  If your looking for a honest garage to take your car.  This is your place.
5	The reason I chose to go to this shop was the Yelp reviews. Its very important to me that a shop is honest. I have had some weird issues with my truck and Andy was honest and told me he checked everything he can think of and he can not find anything wrong. Its very possible what happened was a fluke. I have had a lot of issues with repairs shops in the past where there policy is to not allow you to leave without attempting to do 2 repairs on every vehicle. I appreciate the honesty and will continue to bring my vehicles here in the future and recommend my friends and family to do so as well.
5	Oh where do I start?  I was driving up to Phoenix from Tucson (job relocation) and as soon as I hit the 17 my car started making an awful noise.  Well I safely got to my destination and deemed my car unsafe to drive.  I immediately yelped a close-by repair shop and found this gem.  I called and spoke with the owner's wife (her name escapes me) and she was ever so welcoming and friendly.  It was a Friday afternoon and she still told me I was welcome to bring my car on in to get it checked out.I had my car towed in and in about 3 hours, she called me back to let me know what was going on with my car.  I am a mechanically oriented kinda girl, but I appreciated her efforts in breaking everything down into layman's terms for me, just in case I wasn't so fortunate to be as mechanically inclined as I am.  Before they did anything, they let me know exactly what was wrong, what caused it, and how they were going to replace it.  She was upfront and honest.  One of the things I appreciated was that for one of my problems- my cat converter had snapped, they were offering to weld it together to save me money as opposed to just buying a new part.  This spoke volumes about the lengths they go to watch out for their customer.  I'm not going to sugar coat anything and say that the work I needed done was cheap... because if it's something good, it's not gonna be cheap.. and if it's cheap, it ain't good.  However, I went ahead and gave them the OK for the work. They quoted me a time frame for the car and met that commitment 100% with no issues.Another thing I appreciated was when I went in to pick up my car, I wasn't lectured on what I will "need" to do to my car in the future.  It was in and out, and Andy honestly told me his opinion and that other than the repairs he fixed, there was nothing else wrong with the car.Although my start to my move into the Phoenix area was a bumpy one, I thank Andy and his wife for providing me the utmost courtesy and making this as easy as possible for me.  I am glad to say that I Have found my "go to" mechanic in a new city - something that is otherwise very hard to find.5 stars for Bell Road Automotive.  Hopefully I will be seeing them later rather than sooner, but I know they will take good honest care of me each time.
5	Was very helpful got my radiator and thermostat changed. I can use my ac now when  I drive Andy the owner is awesome thanks Andy your the best
5	I was looking for a place to get an oil change for my truck. The place is a little difficult to find as it is right after the entrance to the strip mall and before the car wash place. They were super friendly and quick. They even changed my oil filter and air filter as they noticed they were both dirty. A nice little "mom and pop" shop that does the job.
5	This place was wonderful.  They got my husband and I right in. The owners were great! Very personable and helpful to us being new to the area! We will for sure be back! Reasonable prices also! Thanks!
5	Great service, friendly, reliable and good, fair prices! Thank you Andre!
