3	A pretty standard restaurant serving BLTs, grilled fish, burgers, etc. Prices are decent: about $6 for a BLT, $11-13 for an entree. Looks to be a good place for families with young kids, and large groups. Friendly wait staff.
3	Dunning's Grill is another one of those solid neighborhood joints.  Nothing on the menu here'll surprise you, but you'll get good chow for your buck here.  We're taling standard bar fare here--burgers, wraps, fish sandwiches, and variations of fried and grilled chicken.  It's a good place to meet up with your friends before or after a movie at the nearby Regent's Square as I did.  I had the BLT which was as good as any other BLT I've had at least a dozen other places.  They have vegetarian options here but if you're a true vegetarian or vegan be forewarned!  They're really meatless variations of their regular menu items.
4	This is a charming little place overshadowed by D'z Dogs (which is amazing as well) but we're not always in the mood for hot dogs and french fries. Dunnigan's provides an adequate bar with daily specials. The menu is an upgrade from your typical bar/grill. Of course the star item on the menu would have to be the French Onion soup which boasts rich broth soaked up by a thick slice of chewy bread that holds up well and plentiful caramelized onions all smothered by gooey cheese broiled until bubbling to golden perfection. Mmmm.....The restaurant is roomy and comfortable. Perfect for a nice night out with your sweetheart.
2	Yeah, not impressed. We ordered the fried zucchini to start. It's great that it's freshly hand battered, but they seem to have forgotten something -- the FLAVOR. This stuff had no seasoning on it at all, so we have to pour on a generous helping of salt to get it to taste like anything. And for $8 that's disappointing.We each ordered burgers. At $10 a pop I was expecting a nice juicy burger. What I got was dry and totally tasteless. The whole burger just tasted like nothing. Perhaps their salt shaker fell on the floor and rolled under the fridge or something tonight. It was accompanied by some typical frozen steak fries. Again NO SALT OR SEASONING. For a $40 night out I really shouldn't have to dump salt all over everything I order. The service...meh. Our server was so meek I could barely hear her. Serving takes a bit of personality, no? When we asked what the happy hour specials were, she said "Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm....it depends on the drink." What? What does that mean? Basically it means you get a random discount on whatever you order, maybe, perhaps. There is no list, no standard "$5.00 well drinks" or anything normal like that. It's basically "order something and hope it's on our happy hour specials."Rather disappointed. They need to either lower their prices or kick it up a notch on the food and service.
2	Dark, spacious, and neighborhood friendly is how I'd describe Dunnings, a fixture on Braddock Ave for years. I met my friend Jean here, she is a once a week customer. Lucky her living on Biddle Street, she lunches daily at different eateries on Braddock ave. One day the Square Cafe (read my review), one day the Map Room, another day D's Packs n Dogs. Looking over the menu, my choices were limited to a veggie wrap or salads. I chose a veggie wrap, sans cheese with a side of apple sauce. The wrap was nothing special, mushrooms, spinach, lettuce, tomato, and a side of canned applesauce.Jean had a buffalo chicken wrap and iced tea. She complained the tea was weak, I never noticed. She said he wrap was good, a chicken breast fried, then drenched in buffalo chicken sauce, then drenched in blue cheese dressing and wrapped in a flour tortilla. Dunnings is nothing special, it's a long time establishment that gets by on regulars. This day, the most I saw in the place was 9 people in the bar and dinning room. Service was ok, out waitress seemed to be preoccupied with something or someone in the kitchen and it took forever for her to bring the bill to the table.
1	I live in Regent Square and have been to Dunning.s about a half-dozen times over the past several years.  It was never a great restaurant, in fact, it was never even an average restaurant.  At best, the food was mediocre, and the only time that I would eat here was when I was too tired to get in my car and travel the three or so miles to the Union Grill in Oakland (which offers similar fare as Dunning.s - and does an incomparably better job of it).Recently, however, things have taken a nosedive at Dunning's.  I now consider Dunning's to be the single worst restaurant in the city that I've ever had the misfortune of entering.  I recently had the worst restaurant service experience of my life at Dunning's when our waitress first ignored our party, then hurried us through our order, then left us sit for over 20 minutes waiting for food with empty drinks.  We then received terrible food (soggy sandwiches, brown lettuce in a salad, and cold french fries - stone cold), and when we complained about our fries, the waitress launched into an angry tirade (nearly yelling at us) about how it wasn't her fault, that she just picks up the food, and that there wasn't anything she could do about it.  When I asked to speak to the manager, he just shook his head sadly and offered us free desserts.  I told him that I didn't want to eat anything that came out of a kitchen that clearly showed that the people working in it simply didn't care - at all, and we didn't want to eat anything, not even the food sitting in front of us, and just wanted to pay our bill and leave.  He said that he was going to "comp" our meal.  It was a disastrous experience - the single worst restaurant experience of my life - and I will never return until the restaurant is under new management.  It is crystal-clear that the current manager and/or owner isn't doing his job, and I cannot understand how anyone would choose to spend their hard-earned money at this establishment when virtually every other restaurant in town offers far better service and food.  In short: no one - not the manager, not the waitresses, not the cooks - cares about the customer.  Not at all.
4	Yes. As the previous folks have said, Dunnings is really nothing special, in terms of what most people percieve as a special dining experience. I beg to differ. I always have great, prompt service and the same window seat every time I come here. Then again, I always come in the middle of the afternoon and only order one drink and the French Onion Soup. However I have had dinner here before.I like Dunnings because it is not tying to be anything other than an old school, family friendly, bar-restuarant. It is a Regent Square staple, and the folks that come here seem to be staples as well. There is a Cheers vibe (early 80's sitcomabout a Boston bar where "everyone knows your name") and that seems to fare very well with the local residents. After living in Los Angeles for all of my 20's, I find this kind of environment comforting and  refreshing.For the life of me, I cannot remember what I had for dinner here. I guess that may be a testament to the mediocre food.So, if you are looking for a low key, mellow, old school (dark wood, framed pictures of landscapes a'la Rembrandt) place to check out, have a casual drink and appetizer, Dunnings is your spot.   I feel bad that the previous folks had crappy service, but if you come here with an open mind and the correct expectations, you will love this place as much as I do.Also, it is Regent Theater adjacent, so it is also the perfect spot to have a quick drink/ appetizer before a film.
3	Ok, to ALL the hipsters and east end snobs... everything can't be oh so trendy and veganese.  I say that with love, as I have my foothold in the trendy hipster scene as well.   Dunnings is GREAT.  Great Pittsburgh fare at reasonable prices, since when did $10 become too much for a burger?  I highly recommend anything fried or on a bun from Dunnings, you will not be disappointed.   When it comes to the dinner selections, I think it just depends on the cook in the kitchen.  The service is friendly, the decor is old school but well maintained.   I just get so frustrated with a lot of these comments because it seems like a lot of the yelpers excpect gold dust when they spend upwards of $5.
2	It's got it's ups and downs.  It's got a reasonably attractive interior, antique tin ceilings, a broad selection of dozens of beers and a tasty looking menu featuring daily specials.  So why my low score?  D's at the other end of the block puts their beer collection to shame offering 1000 beers,  Both times I've eaten here the wait to be served has been extremely slow (at least 30 minutes and up) the prices are a bit high ($10-$15 for a lunch entree) and most importantly the food is in general heavy and bland.  This is not a terrible place, but with so many delicious spots nearby in regent square like the green mango, map room, d's and the square cafe you should keep on walking.  That said, if you wanted a quiet spot to grab a beer with a friend, you could definitely do worse, but skip the boring food.
2	Average food, slightly above average prices for the quality/taste, average price for the location, lack-luster service.This place (the location, the actual building itself, etc.) could be so much more.  I wish they would either step it up, or sell the business to someone that would let it achieve its true potential.Until then, there are other dining options in Regent Square and they should be explored.
4	I hate to admit this, but I have been here three times and always order the same thing. I usually like to order new things to see if the quality is consistent, but I love the turkey burger with olives and feta SOOO much, I can't bring myself to do it. (Next time, I promise I'll branch out and will write and update then...) I have tried various starters and sides as well, and have always been impressed.The waitstaff is not notably friendly, but is friendly enough. They ask many questions to make sure your order is the way you want it (for example, someone else in my party ordered the fish sandwich and was asked: Broiled/grilled? Tarter/cocktail? Lettuce/onion/tomato? Side dish?). It is nice though because they will bring it out EXACTLY the way you ask for it.Overall, it's a great spot!
4	I love Dunning's.  When I want a good burger, this is the place I visit.  Even when they're busy, I can count on getting my burger the way I ordered it.  The portions are HUGE.  The downside is that this place can be noisy and the wine prices are too high for a 4 ounce pour.  Otherwise, the service is good, the food consistent, and the atmosphere pleasant for a neighborhood pub.
4	My first visit was tonight, on wing night. I got barbecue wings and a side salad. My son got parmesan and garlic wings. Large meaty wings with flavorful coatings. I asked for ranch and blue cheese for dipping and both were delicious. The salad wasn't real special but it had a nice combination of greens. Waitress was friendly and efficient. Nice neighborhood feel. So glad my son brought me here. It was his 5th wing night visit on a row.
3	I live in the neighborhood and love to patron local establishments. However, Dunning's doesn't impress me. Kind of reminds me of an old timer, stuffy bar/restaurant. The food is ok. Typical and kind of boring. I think the prices are on the higher end for what they serve.
2	I really wanted to like this place, because it sounds like it used to be really popular. We heard the burgers were very good once upon a time, so we tried them, but they were just ok. Nice people though, and plenty of seating. Good place to watch the game probably (bar).
4	Friendly and prompt service.  The French onion soup is great. The prices are a bit more than what one should pay for standard fare. Otherwise great place.
