5	This has been my home church for about 2 1/2 years now. My kids (high school and jr.high) love the youth ministry! This place really is phenomenal at making members feel like they're surrounded by family, and newcomers feel like they're in a warm but non-threatening environment.
5	great atmosphere!
5	Central was one of the first churches that I felt comfortable walking into the first time.  Cal is an amazing pastor who is passionate and keeps you wanting more.  I never thought wearing a tshirt and jeans would be allowed in church but central is all about you coming as you are to worship the Lord.  My biggest recommendation is get into a small group you meet and get to know people so quickly.
5	Realy enjoy service here!!!
5	Love this church, I am a north phoenix transplant and have been going here for a while now, great people, great message. always brings Gods word to life in a relevant way!!!!
5	Great place to worship Him.  Amazing teaching, bible based, small church in a mega church (if that's possible).  :) but that's how it feels.  Our family is commuted to serving here.
5	My family and I have been attending Central Christian Church for a few years now and highly recommend anyone & everyone to come and experience God's love that surrounds Central. Multiple locations around the valley & service times on Sat night as well as Sunday. It's a great church to feel at home & connected to God.
1	We came here about a year ago to try it out and immediately signed up for a life group. We never heard back from anyone. Signed our daughter up for a youth trip..nothing. Tried calling and emailing nothing. Then we decided lets sign our daughter up for youth group ahead of time to ensure she gets a call back...nothing.One Sunday they had some type of life group sign up and we thought great finally!We told the guy at the table how hard it had been and he gave us his card and said he would hear from us. We did and he referred us to someone else who then wrote us "we signed our daughter up too late."Oh my goodness!! What does it take! Sometimes you just have to say move on and we did. However, it is sad because you can imagine how many other people fall through the cracks in a church this big it would be easy. Messages are great, coffee is good, big church feel and resources are there if that is what you are looking for your in the right place.
5	A wonderful place to worship that is open and loving. They have awesome child care and the kids enjoy it a lot!!
5	Best Christian church I have been to in 20 years. They truly make all efforts to be real followers of Jesus. They are a teaching church. Every week you will leave with new tools to implement in your own walk with Christ.
