4	At $2.75 it just can't be beat. I take the pork there, or the chicken. One major flaw is they're kind of skimpy on the portions. I mean, really? They should put more coriander, more pickled veggies, even the spicy one had one or two bites of spicy pepper but that was it.It is not as full as the Banh Mi shop (Cao Thang) across the street, but it tastes a hell of a lot better than that crap.The one across the street is run by a non-Vietnamese it seems, and while he packs a sandwich full of stuff, the flavour is a hit and miss. I loved it one day, HATED it the next time I tried. At least this one is consistent, although not the best I've ever had. I'm a fan based on the lack of choice in Montreal.
3	Banh mi shops are nearly non-existent in the Northeast (especially in Vermont). The only one that I have come across was from an Asian grocery store - the sandwiches were soggy, bland, and stale. But, when you're ethnically isolated and craving a good Vietnamese sandwich, you don't have a choice. Hoang Oanh is the closest place I've tried that makes an authentic banh mi. Sandwiches are only $2.75, but they are very cheap on their ingredients. Portions of both meat and pickled vegetables are lacking. It doesn't seem like they carry the freshest baguettes either, but at least they were not stale. I savored that familiar pate flavor with every bite. It will probably be a while before I come across another sandwich.
3	The sandwiches are delicious, but you should ask for extra peppers if you like it spicy!
1	Excited and anxious to get a taste of a Banh Mi French-Canadian Asian style, I was led to Hoang Oanh Sandwich.An older Asian local suggested I try it, but didn't know the store by name, and I'm really hoping that I misunderstood her directions because their Banh Mi is a big Banh NO.I'm not the slightest bit snobby, but I must say that I deserve a sandwich better than the pre-made and packaged one that Hoang Oanh offers. I ordered the traditional ham variety, and the bread is chewy and difficult to get a clean bite. On top of that, the meat / veggie portions couldn't satisfy a squirrel who ventured from the trails of Mont Royal Park to Chinatown for some Yellow fever. You kiddin' me?I don't like that shit (courtesy of 'Belly') FYI:This review is soley based on the sandwich portion of the store, other items are offered within that don't pertain to this.P.S.I hope homeboy below  (Bailey Z) is not including New York and Boston as a black hole for quality Banh Mi. Not the case, Broham. I'll even agree to a taste test challenge on that ass. 617 is where it's at.*Beantowns Finest*
4	It's funny reading the prior reviews.  Maybe the shop has changed, but I absolutely loved the sandwiches here.  Expectations should be tempered:- It's noisy, cramped, and a lot of things are going on at the same time.- It's definitely easier to order if you speak Vietnamese.  You can pick and choose what you want in your sandwiches.  - Prices ($3-4) are typical, if a little on the expensive side.The bread is especially great here.  It's crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside.  It's also a good ratio of bread to filling - you don't want too much.  The meats are tasty, the pickled vegetables are good, and chilies (interestingly not jalapenos) give a good surprise kick every few bites.I destroyed these sandwiches one by one walking around.  It's also buy 10, get 1 free, and trust me, it only seems ridiculous to get that many sandwiches until you try them.
3	I havent read any of the reviews here, but I still felt they skimped on all the ingredients. The marketplace near hoang oanh gives better sandwiches.And ya, even with the buy 9 get 10th free card, its not worth it.
4	The sandwiches are good but quality depends on the time of day that you order.  I got there around 10AM and they already had some vietnamese sandwiches pre-made.  Don't settle for those-- ask for fresh ones to be made!  When the bun sits in the bag too long, it just gets chewy.  If you're not a fan of Pate, then get the special sandwich.  It's loaded with viet deli meat and it's less than $4.  This place is pretty good but I think you gotta order like a local to get better treatment.  Typical Chinatown!
