5	So happy with this school!!!  It's so scary trying to find a "home away from home" for your babies!  The 2-3 year old classroom is unreal......EVERY time I pick up my son, the teachers are engaged with the children, and working on some kind of project.  Miss Maggie is always there in the evening, and I don't think she ever misses a day of work.:). Although I don't believe she views it as a job, she really seems to love her job!  When I pick up my son, she is ready to talk to me and fill me in on the day.   Highly recommend!  PLEASE keep it up!:)
5	I cannot say enough good things about the daycare.  My son is happy everyday!  No matter what time I pick him up, the children are always busy and well cared for.I have had some issues with my schedule at work, and the administrative department has been so accommodating and understanding. From start to finish, just a wonderful experience.I will be staying home with the children when the new baby comes, and I can honestly say, I am sad to go.  If the need ever arises for daycare again, I will not hesitate to choose this facility!  Thank you PCA!
5	Where to start... PCA has been a complete godsend for our family. My three boys have been going for about 2 years now and we've had experience in the 2's class, 3's, and 4's, full time as well as school age with my older two after school, during the summer and on breaks. I have been through about 4 different "child care" experiences including in-home care, and I truly feel that PCA is an extension of our family. They have loved and cared for my boys above and beyond what is required of them at every possible turn. The administration is second to none and ANY TIME I have needed to voice a thought or concern they have been attentive and thorough to my child's specific needs. They know what to expect from their staff and everyone is like minded. They have a flawless understanding of children and I know without a doubt that when I walk out the door, my children are in the best of hands when they are out of my own. I would give more stars if I could!!
5	As a first time mom, it was very difficult for me to find a daycare center where I knew my child would be in great hands. My daughter absolutely loves going to PCA! We started in the infants class with Ms. Gina and Ms. Amanda, (they are AMAZING teachers by the way) and have recently moved up to the toddlers class! My daughter has learned so much while attending PCA. She loves to sit and read with me, color, and was even signing to me at 8 months old. She learned all these things at PCA. I am ALWAYS greeted by the front desk, coming and going from the facility. (Camille is so friendly at the desk) The teachers truly love their kids here. I will always recommend PCA to families!!
