2	It's a quaint and quiet little studio in Verdun where they have Yoga, acrobatic yoga and even Systema martial arts classes. The people who run the place are friendly and very nice.I went there because I was given a pack of courses as a gift. The only time I could go was on Wednesday evening and that's when they have the Yoga Foundations classes. The type of yoga was challenging and quite frankly, was awkward at times. We were instructed to build complex setups with blocks and chairs and cushions on top of which we had to lie and keep a difficult pose for a long period. Everyone had trouble getting set up and we spent more time getting ready than doing the actual poses. Finally, everyone ended up having numb legs and feet and our knees would hurt from sitting on our knees for too long. And often, the postures using the chairs left us with a lot of back an neck pain. Especially those where we had to do awkward inversions. I am very sceptical about how beneficial that was as the next day my spine would hurt in a couple of areas and a bad headache from the muscle pain in my shoulders and neck.I don't know about the other classes, but I wouldn't recommend doing the Yoga Foundations classes, especially if you have back problems.Other than that, like I said, I've only attended that one kind of class so I can't say what the other ones are like. And the people were nice too.
5	Yoga studios can be hit or miss. It's always a delicate equation trying to find the right place for you and your personality and practice. There's the clientele they try to attract (trophy wives or students?), the instructors working there (are they too busy trying to become yogilebrities or are they actually watching out for you?) and the overall general vibe of the place (chichi-spa, hipster-central or mellow and casual?). Andrew, the owner, is easily one of the most grounded and mature yoga instructors I've come across in Montreal. Flow Space not only offers yoga but there are Pilates and meditation sessions as well. They also offer the little-known form of Russian martial arts known as Systema.I came here to check out the Systema class and given that this is practically the only yoga studio in Verdun (something Verdun, Lasalle and Ville Emard are seriously short on) and in my neighborhood, I walked away quite pleased with my experience.They offer $20 intro. week deals which will allow you to try a bit of everything and it's literally a stone's throw away from De l'Eglise metro. They also have small change rooms. If you are a serious yoga practioner and don't want the New Age frills, all smiley OMs, and Kombucha shots, this is definitely a great place to check out.
5	I'm so happy to have this in my neighborhood. Every teacher I've had so far has been awesome and extremely knowledgeable. The studio space itself is gorgeous- so bright and open. The vibe is relaxed and unpretentious, and classes are small enough that the instructor can come around and adjust your pose. There are lots of beginner level classes if you are just starting out. For a sweatier workout,  I highly recommend the vinyasa flow class with Tara on Tuesday and Friday evenings.
