5	I was out looking for apartments in the Russell and 215 area. I was really impressed with the level of service I received from Misty she was courteous, attentive and informative. The community is not really large like most apartments but it had a very good sense of community. I would recommend you see Misty she will make you feel right at home.
5	I am really happy and pleased with the staff here at spectrum. I just moved in and although not everything was completely perfect with my home, the remedy has been absolutely spectacular. Yvonne, Misty and the leasing team are more than accommodating and they take multiple steps to insure a smooth move-in process. They communicate respectfully and promptly. I would also like to point out that the issues that I found are so minor that they are not easily noticed until after you've moved in so I can't knock them for not catching them, prior to my arrival. I measure a managements ability by how they deal with an issue and these individuals are tops! Physically, my home is beautiful. The grounds are in very good condition and everything appears to be working. You have a mix of garden style and urban living here and I love that. The community is also gated and offers a pool. I'll be here for a very long time!
4	The place is maintained well and people are respectful. Repairs are done within a day or two and people pick up after their dogs. The staff are helpful. My only complaints are parking and the walls a pretty thin. The age of most of the tenants appear to be late 20s to 30s. Most people are pretty busy and keep to themselves, other than the obligatory "hello" in passing.
5	Spectrum is a great community to live in.  I love the area and my two story townhome is an awesome unit.  They recently updated everything to include dark wood style floors.  Around the place there are plenty of stores, restaurants and things to do.  Also, the ladies in the leasing office are always nice and willing to help when you need anything.  If you are looking for a place on the Sw side of town or close to Summerlin, look no further!
1	I wouldn't recommend this place to my worse enemy! First of all there is a lady in the office named Evan who is just confused about life. She doesn't know how to communicate anything so that everyone is clear. Then the apartments have cockroaches EVERYWHERE! It's like playing the game of don't step on the cockroach when going from your car to your apartment. And then we get inside the house. There are black bugs all across the ceiling and the corner of the walls. They even crawl into your bed. Worse 6 months of my life. Don't let the outside design fool you.
1	They're inconsistent with their pet policies. It floors me to see that they just added a sign outside with a cat and a freaking GOLDEN RETRIEVER when they don't even accept that breed. It's ridiculous. There are at least 2 pitbulls, a dalmation, 2 labs, and a mastiff that I've seen AND heard in the complex and staff act like those are ALL service animals. Whatever. The maintance staff aren't trained well and take forever to get around to fixing stuff and forget it if it's something urgent like your toilet or washer/dryer. So glad I'm out of there now. I wouldn't wish this apartment living on my greatest enemy.
1	BED BUGS!!!! Be aware! They have it part of their lease to check for bed bugs! Why? Because the infestation is real! This place is HORRIBLE! Disgusting. && management is only good for telling you "you signed the lease, it's your responsibility now.. Legally"... They're the most careless people EVER. Do not rent here. The most disgusting place ever. Don't let the outside looking pretty cool you. You have been warned.
1	I currently live at Spectrum and am waiting for my lease to end so I can move. These apartments absolutely have a bug problem. I've asked to have exterminators come twice and still have bugs. The new management team is unhelpful and incompetent. Of the few times I've asked for help there was none plus bogus fees and incorrect/ inaccurate information. For some reason it takes 4 days for them to change a light bulb in my apartment and three calls to fix my broken toilet. Currently I am waiting for a call back from the complex manager. I won't hold my breath. I'm sure you will have a good experience moving in here like these people who are giving 5 star reviews but good luck after that. If there was a 0 star button I'd use it
