2	Don't think I'll be back. I just get the feeling they are trying to sell me on stuff I just don't need yet, but I'll bring it to another brake place next week to see if they concur.  I'd hate to cast presumptious aspersions.
1	Actually 0 Stars. If you read this review on your phone while your inside their building I suggest you RUN!!!!!I can do my own brakes, I was working six days a week so I took it in to get it over with how bad could it be right? The guy behind the counter was trying to sell the lady in front of me brakes shocks and whatever he could think about. Surprised he didn't try to peddle some other stuff too. I got a 700 dollar quote which was pretty hard to swallow. I was ensured they would not only fix my brakes right but my Emergency brake would again to. I pick up my truck get in and my E-brake doesn't work. So another 30 minutes there. Now they are closed.Drive home and my brakes are squeaking like crazy. Take it back another drive test by them "It must be they need to set in" "Well Fix the E-brake"!  Drive home I get their the e-brake doesn't work again.I took my Truck there 3 times and it still wasn't fixed right. I flew out of the country the next week and when I got back it was out of warranty.Ebrake doesn't work brakes squeek after 5 minutes of driving. This place is TERRIBLE!  Run
1	$99 brakes special is a total ripoff intended to get you to pay for expensive repairs. I decline service and tell them I will have a friend to check and if necessary repairs and pay for $99 "special' THEN they tell me if I do this on my own it voids the warranty and lifetime replacement. TOTAL BULL.Just Brakes...Just Stinks!!!
1	The Earl Schib of Brakes.  If your wallet needs to have the dollars rotated out of it, then go here!
1	I cant believe we paid!!!Went in for a brake change which would of cost us about $200 with oil change and ended up needing some other things that i dont know about.  I was there for 7  HOURS!!!!! SINCE WHEN DOES A  BRAKE CHANGE TAKE 7 HOURS!!!! I paid 535.00. It better be worth it. Im lucky my husband was there and knew what they were talking about and he agreed. Another man got there at the same time as we did and he still had 2 more hours to go when we left.DONT GO THERE. THE MANAGER IS NICE BUT ITS ALL A PLOT TO SELL YOU MORE.
5	Very honest folks! Will definitely come back! Thanks to Mike and Chase for their help!
1	Beware the bait and switch $79.99 per axle coupon.  Once they got my vehicle on the rack Mike called me and proceeded to tell me I needed $500 of misc repairs.  My fluid needed to be drained, calipers needed to be reconditioned, I needed new hardware, etc, etc.  When I declined all these extras, he became condescending and said I would be back because of all the problems I would have if I didn't do the extras.This guy (Mike) was literally eating BBQ ribs and licking his greasy fingers as he was talking to me, disgusting.  Just Brakes Corporate would be mortified if they saw what I saw.
1	Came to this location because it was close to shopping area near by. Wished I would have read the reviews before I stopped in. But I was lucky enough to start reading some while I sat there waiting for my oil change. Mike, the guy at the counter tried to upsell of course by asking me for additional service. He baited me for one when I checked in. But after sitting there and reading the horrible reviews I knew what to expect later. After a while he came to me saying I needed additional service that I was unaware that I needed. I told him that I want not planning on having any more services done at the same time I agreed to an air filter change that i knew for a fact I needed. He was trying his best to change my mind on all that i refused and seemed annoyed afterwards after telling him no many times. When they finished I went to pay for the additional and was not charged for what I wanted. He went on to say that since I turned down the others he assumed I turned everything down. What a douche bag. I will not return and thank you to all who left the horrible reviews including the ex employee! WISH I COULD RATE NO STARS!!!
5	It's been my experience that any mechanic shop you go to is going to present to you your options for repairing or replacing parts--the pitch. You always have a choice when you go into a shop, you can do preventative maintenance or you can repair something once it's broken and that's the difference between what NEEDS to be repaired and what SHOULD BE repaired. Mike at Just Brakes did a great job of laying out my options for me, informing me on what needed to be repaired vs. what should be repaired. My interaction with Mike didn't make me feel pressured to make a decision one way or the other, instead I felt like an informed consumer.In the end, I chose to repair a few things that were suggested and others I did not. What I did get repaired was done well at a very good price. Down the line, I might have to pay more for something that I chose not to repair today but that's the risk. If I do need a repair in the future though, I will come back to this shop.
5	Lots of bad reviews on here... Thought I'd post my experience.I drive a classic truck, do all the work myself.  I had an axle seal fail ruining my rear brakes.  I took the opportunity to replace everything on the rear myself which should have been no problem.  Well... weeks later after extensive troubleshooting I still couldn't stop the rear brakes from locking up. I spent a pretty penny on parts trying to fix this on my own and finally gave up.  I took it into one shop that misdiagnosed a proportioning valve issue then "couldn't find" a replacement part then made me drive it home to make space in their driveway for a car show.  I chose another shop that took the wheel off and said "it all looks good to me" and sent me packing.I stopped in to Just Brakes and described the problem to Gene and the guys.  They were confident they could fix it but after having it on the rack for awhile Gene could tell this wasn't an easy problem.  I left it with them and Gene spent many hours troubleshooting and diagnosing a very difficult problem that I likely would have never found myself.  The fixed the truck and now it is running sweet!  Given the number of troubleshooting hours they had to put in I was worried about the cost but they gave me a damned reasonable bill, basically charging me for a few parts and a minimal amount of labor. Thanks for getting my truck back on the road guys, much appreciated.
1	Professionalism. That is what makes you remember a company; that is what brings you back. In this case, that is what drove me away. I initially went in because of an issue regarding pulsing when I was braking. Having been there before for an oil change, I decided to go back again. Pulling into the parking lot I was greeted by Jesus who led me into the lobby. That was the only positive experience I had. From there I presented a coupon for a brake service that was 50% which dropped the price to $89.99.  As I sit, Jesus (the manager in white) gets a call, in which he begins to swear, describing how it is ridiculous that he has to send an employee to another location.  After some awkwardness, I am led into the garage where I am shown the various issues with my car, bad cabin filter etc.  but unlike the brakes, (which were worn) the outstanding issue was struts and wheel cylinders which they said were shot and leaking, respectively;  a safety issue. I go back into the lobby to work out the details and price. The new total to fix struts, brakes and wheel cylinders $2400. I was stunned, I tell him I don't have that much money. He says don't worry I can set you up with a credit card and payments. I decline and from there I start trying to figure what I can delay since I don't have the funds. He pushes hard for the wheel cylinders and at one point, as I am going through the list of issues I ask "What would you say is most important?" His response, "What's your definition of important? I think crash, burn and die." And again he pushes for the wheel cylinders. At that point I make a phone call outside and try to discuss funds but my wife is a stern "no." There are just no funds for something like that, likewise I tell him the same. At that point, we are getting nowhere, no negotiation on price period. So I decide to have them put the car back together and head out, before they do they make me sign the invoice next to a statement where he puts "needs a tow truck, because he believed it was that bad." For 20 minutes, I sit there as they use tactic after tactic. He brings in his mechanic Geno, who sits next to me and not talking to me directly talks across the room to Jesus at the counter about my situation in 3rd person. Jesus even offers to call my wife for me on speakerphone which was a definite no. So, after that he looks down at his paper and as he is writing says out loud "will not call wife." In a rush to put my car back, they never put my air cabin filter back with the holder which I now have to buy, and the check engine light was now on.  Disappointing. If you take anything from this, consider the inconsistency of their services and the professionalism.
1	Talk about the old bait and switch!!  Went into Just Brakes because I thought and still believe I needed a simple, brake pads and rotor service.  Ended up getting inconsistent stories from two mechanics.  Went from $160 to over a $1000.  Told me I needed new calipers on all 4 wheels.  Talked to the Honda dealer and they told me is was HIGHLY unlikely that any of the Calipers would fail at 60,000 miles and most likely they would last for the life of the car.  After several story changes and little to no consistency, I decided to get my car out of there.  Unfortunately, I had to pay close to $500 on work that wasn't necessaryI WOULD STAY AWAY FROM THESE GUYS!
1	Shortly after I posted this, I received a call from the director of marketing in the Arizona area to my surprise. He apologized and suggested I go back to another location where they would treat me better. "Fool me once..." so no. I did suggest a reimbursement on my filter holder which he said with a firm yes just fax the receipt and you will get a check in 30 business days......still no money. Even if I would have received the money, they might have helped with damage control but certainly not with restoring my confidence.
1	It's places like this that give other respectable auto shops a bad name. I am new to the area and was trying to find Brake Masters but ran into Just Brakes so decided to stop in there to get my brakes inspected. They took a look, showed me my battery has corrosion, some fluid was too dark so needed to be flushed and replaced, and that they could tell I needed new brake pads. I didn't get it all done that day. I had him write it all down for me and was going to get a couple other opinions/estimates. He said they had a 'brake special' for like 99 dollars, the battery corrosion clean up would be 19.99, and the fluid flush was 60 dollars. These prices seem to be all over the place to me.Anyway, he wrote it down and off I went to another place who quoted me at a much higher price-and for having an older car-I just want the basics done for as little as possible.A day or two later, I go back to Just Brakes with the business card that John had written down what I needed. I asked if he would still honor these prices and add an oil change and he said yes. My estimated total was 209 plus tax, he had said.I get picked up and soon after I get home I get a call from John and he explains that my car needs all this other stuff that will cost me a total of $532...then realized he had mis-spoke and changed it to $632. This guy thought that he found a sucker and I was going to be the typical gullible girl who is just going to shell out the cash. This car is worth maybe 2 grand and you want me to pay almost half of it's worth on some shit that it probably doesn't even really need? lol I think not.He cracked a joke like the car wasn't going to last very much longer on the phone but then when I got there to pay the original 209 plus tax, he said what great condition it was in for being so old.Usually I go to reputable auto shops but I was desperate and lost lolWhen I got off that awkward call from John I looked this place up on yelp and was so stressed out at all of these horrible reviews!! Just do the work and give me my car back. That's all I kept thinking.
4	We were visiting the Chandler area when the brakes suddenly went out on my truck. This shop was close by so we had our trucked towed there for them to work on.Just the fact that the brakes went out made us all a little shaken up, when we arrived at the shop the manager stepped outside and shook my hand and asked me if I was ok. He was very kind and considerate concerning what had happened and my safety which I greatly appreciated. The manager's name was Jesus, and he was very professional and courteous. Plus, being a Christian, it was nice being taken care of by Jesus. :o)The truck had a lift kit on it so it took high performance brake lines which basically are longer then standard ones. The manager did not notice or it was not brought to his attention and he accidentally ordered the wrong part, by the time the mistake was realized everything was closed for the day and we had to leave the truck in the shop over night and wait and hope they would be able to get the right parts the next day.The manager Jesus, gave me his word that he would have a man at the parts warehouse when the warehouse opened first thing in the morning and that they would do their best to get the vehicle done for us first thing.Knowing how these things can go I was not optimistic that this would be what actually happened.I had no car, so the manager had one of the technicians drive me where I needed to be and also pick me up the next day. Which I truly felt was going above and beyond and I greatly appreciated it.I was shocked to receive a follow up call from Jesus the next morning to here that they had in fact had a man waiting when the warehouse had opened that morning and that they did indeed have the parts and were now working on my truck! We were overjoyed, having deadlines to meet ourselves, not having a vehicle would have been disastrous.The truck was finished right on time and the same polite gentlemen Scotty, picked me up and took me to the brake shop. The price was the same as had been quoted previously and there were no surprises. Jesus mentioned that I needed to have my injectors cleaned, I told him I just need to get on the road today, he was very professional, said no problem and closed out my sale.I went to pull away and a light came on saying to check your brakes, the guys came out and check them over and found a gasket that was missing. This, in my opinion should have been found when they did their final inspection and should not have been an issue. They fixed it quickly and I had no further issues. All in all I give the management an A+ and the service dept. a B+. If they had communicated to the manager that the brakes were high performance, it would have saved us a great deal of time and worry. They also should have more thoroughly checked the gaskets on the vehicle before turning it over to me to take out on the highway. But the job in it of itself was very good, they worked hard and hustled for me and I appreciate that.
1	Never go to Just Brakes. Such bait and switch people. Ask them who comes in and gets a $99 brake job. Almost no one.
5	Needed my first oil change for a new Fiat.  Went to several places and they all said they couldn't do it,  didn't have the oil filter. I did not want to go to the dealer because they are not close to me.  Called Just Brakes, got me in right away, they had the filter delivered and I was out in less than an hour.  Told me exactly what it would cost prior to my agreeing to the service and this did not change.  Everyone was incredibly friendly.
5	They were so amazing. I took my husband's car in because he said the brakes were squeaking. They just needed to be re-lubed. I have never been to such an honest shop. They actually told me the brakes were great and DIDN'T need their work! Then on top of that they went ahead and replaced whatever they could for free that was still under warranty just to make sure. So amazing. Completely the opposite of a rip off!
5	Louis was fantastic handling my brake problem.. They were several hundred dollars less than a competitor. Honest and Fair
