4	the best house margaritas in town!!!! huge nacho chips and salsa. great happy hour place.
3	Before a trip to the mall on Saturday we decided to grab a quick lunch here.  I have only ever been to the Providence Rd location and its usually pretty good.  It was slow here but we still waited a bit for a server to come by and we were so thirsty, I hate that.  Once we finally get drinks I noticed my Diet Coke tastes grossly similar to root beer, bleh!!  Have to wait a while again to find out server so I can get a replacement.For food you get the unlimited chips and salsa.  Chips were good, salsa was a little spicier than I like.  For lunch I had the little borderito w/steak off the lunch menu, it also came w/a salad.  It was okay I needed lettuce and tomato in it or something, it was just a lot of steak and rice.  The side salad was not good, straight from a bag and I kept picking out brown pieces.Honestly I usually enjoy On the Border, perhaps I need to stick w/fajitas.  Oh they did advertise a blood orange margarita which looked delish, so that is something to go back for!
3	This was my first time visiting an On the Border and I was pleasantly surprised.  I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants but a gift card brought us in for lunch.  Our waitress was sweet and she started us off with the customary chips and salsa which had just the right amount of spice.  I ordered the fish tacos and I thought they were pretty tasty.  This was my first time trying fish tacos so I'm not sure if they compare to other restaurants but I thought they were great.  The only thing I wasn't happy with was my side of grilled veggies.  They were covered in some kind of seasoning that just ruined the flavor for me.  This made me sad because the zucchini and red peppers looked amazing but after a couple bites I just couldn't eat any more.The one thing that put a damper on the meal was when the waitress and manager couldn't figure out how to process our gift card.  The waitress was totally baffled and tried to tell us that we had a zero balance on the card when we'd only used half of the card value.  We had to ask for a manager and the manager was so confused she had to call another store to figure out what was going on.  The manager figured everything out eventually and we walked away with half the balance left on our card.  Even with the gift card mix up I would still come back just for the fish tacos.
3	It's your typical chain restaurant. Nothing flashy, nothing bad. I went with my friend and we ordered a couple margaritas and some beers. Had the guacamole dip and the meat tacos and fish tacos. All were tasty, but I kept thinking about all the calories and fat I was consuming - oh well. The main reason I went here is I had a $25 coupon I needed to burn through. Service was standard, nothing bad, came when called (sounds like my dog). I would go back if I was with a group and they had to go here or if I was traveling and did not have another option or if I was at the mall and needed a quick Mexican fix. I prefer local joints like Cantina 1511!
2	I've never been to an On the Boarder before- but I was in the mood for Mexican and I was at the mall shopping with a friend -so we didn't want to go too far. We started with a serving of guacamole - which was meh - it was basically mashed avocado. Next I had the tres enchiladas - one of each kind (chicken, cheese, and beef). The tortillas were very rubbery and the dish was way too salty. Not particularly cheap either for a run-of-the-mill lunch, I paid about $18 for my entree, 1/2 Guac, ...and a water. I wouldn't return here on my own accord.
4	I know, I know, it is a chain.....but for my tastes it is one of the best (remaining) Mexican chains.  There are so many "traditional" style Mexican restaurants in the Charlotte area - I find them bland and same tasting.  A good measure for me is the Salsa....in this case On the Borders uses a pureed FRESH salsa mix, with a strong fresh tomato taste.  The local Mexican places always use a cooked/canned/jarred old tasting salsa.  The Chips at The Border are also very light and not the heavy thick corn chips.   Now on to the food....the Chicken is a highlight and is seasoned very well - it is great in almost every dish. My favorite is the Chicken Burrito or Chimichanga with the sour cream sauce.
3	The food and service were good. I would return.
4	We went there for dinner tonight (Saturday) around 9pm. We were supposed to go to Olive Garden, but the line was OUT THE DOOR so we decided to try On The Border instead.First, there was no wait. We were seated right away.The all you can eat salsa and chips were delicious and it was obvious that both were made from scratch. Yummy!We had the shrimp and crab enchiladas which were excellent with the rice and black beans on the side. My daughter had the cheeseburger and fries. She enjoyed them and I tasted the fries. Perfect!For dessert we had the brownie sundae. Very rich and very sweet but good.Service was great (ask for Gavin) and for some reason it wasn't too crowded which meant the noise level was perfect.It wasn't expensive either. Four of us ate entrees and two had dessert. We all had sodas with free refills and it came up to about $60. We would have easily spent $100 at Olive Garden.We would gladly go back.
4	I've been to this On the Border location twice recently, and I have left impressed with my dining experience each time.When I go to On the Border, I prefer to go to the bar - the service is usually quicker and I have easier excess to Dos Equis and extra salsa if I need.I ran my usual the Big Borderrito - chicken with refried beans on the side.  After only a short wait, my order was brought to me at bar where I was sitting.  The Bid Borderrito was awesome.  What I like most about this monster burrito isn't the bell peppers, or tender grilled chicken, its the versatility of burrito.  You can pick it up and eat it with your hands, or you can use and knife and fork and eat it with that way as well.  In short, the burrito was awesome and satisfied all of my burrito requirements.  No review of On The Border would be complete without mention of the fresh made salsa they keep on hand and gladly refill for you, and lets not forget the fresh, warm, crunchy, perfectly-salted tortilla chips they crank out of that place.  On The Border is the best (not necessarily the most authentic) chain-restaurant Mexican food you can get in the area.
2	Not very good.  I had the salmon and the BBQ wasn't very good.  The veggies were supposed to be grilled but didn't appear to be.  My father had the ultimate fajita which included pulled pork.  We've never been to a Mexican restaurant that had that in it.  He was also disappointed with his food.  On the plus side the staff is friendly.
4	Pretty good tex mex deal.  I had a conference at Northlake area and went here for lunch last week.They have a good menu and the bartender was super helpful.  Would def go back if I'm in the area
3	I had the grilled fish tacos, eh. Not too impressed. The fish was kinda dry and there was barely any sauce with tons and tons of cabbage. However the rice and beans were very good and the cheese dip was off the chain. I think that if I maybe had gotten flour tortillas instead of corn, or the fried fish tacos it would have been better. Not my best OTB experience.
4	Took my daughter and her friend for dinner. Our server ("Liz Lemon") was fantastic. She helped make our evening meal a good one.The complimentary chips and salsa were tasty. The salsa had just enough spice and the chips were crisp and warm. (Though I remember the chips as being a bit too salty and I worried about my sodium intake for the day...) We all ordered from the "Create Your Own Combo" section of the menu. I ordered chicken tortilla soup (yummy) and two chicken tostadas (also yummy). The tostadas came with black beans and rice. My drink was peach-flavored tea.Along with the chips and salsa and tea, I was pleasantly full enough to take home leftovers. Reasonably priced for about $13 per person, including drinks and taxes.I think I saw a Tuesday special on the small pop-up table advert...We will definitely return to this location.
4	Went here on  Sat night with my husband and daughter.  Great food and great service what more could you ask for. I would definatley go back.
5	Had the Ranchildo.  Real good.  Bottomless chips and salsa.  Our kids got free sundaes!  Service was great.
5	Consistent and delicious! Fair prices and fresh. Great service. I order enchiladas every time and have yet to be disappointed. My boyfriend and I are regulars. If you are looking for a quick mexican bite you'll definitely enjoy it.
4	This place is pretty awesome! I love the house margaritas!! Great price for the food! I celebrated my bday here yesterday and great service too!
4	You're not going to read a review of a chain restaurant, if you're not the type to pick a safe chain restaurant, so I'll spare you the, "this is pretty darn good for a chain restaurant" speech.  Wink wink.OTB is put together nicely.  It's warm and inviting and is decorated simple and appropriate.  While I wasn't expecting anything past bland American/Mexican food, I took the advice of one of my cohorts and ordered the Dos Equis Fish Tacos.  Deezam!These fish tacos are amazing!  I'm certain I'd be amazed at the calorie count as well...but they are fried and dressed perfectly.  The only thing they miss, is bringing you some limes to squeeze over them.  Seriously good folks.  The portion is pretty large, three tacos...yes you can share these.The service was pretty decent as well.  I'll come back again...but not when I need to lose a couple of inches.Try:  The Dos Equis Fish Tacos (So worth it!)Avoid:  Being boring...order something you haven't had.
5	We jumped right on the bandwagon and visited OTB on National Margarita Day.  This location had a 45 minute wait, but we saw friends and coworkers also waiting or table so time flew by.  Because the margaritas were $1 one server was running drinks to support the entire waitstaff, and I don't recall waiting more than a few minutes for another margarita.  I couldn't post the review without complimenting OTB's salsa; two varieties to please most and both rich in flavors.  MMMM MMMM!
2	For most part food is okay for chain restaurant, I love the queso! But service is lacking at this particular location. Once they get past ignoring you-they are fantastic.  If you use take out, check your order very carefully. Missing items last 2 times & enchiladas were indelible. In house, great drinks, but if you want anything more than queso- go to Azteca.
5	After rafting at the USNWC, I was craving some OTB chips and salsa, so we had a late lunch on the way home.  We found out OTB has drink specials on the Brunch menu, but those end at 2pm so try to stick to "normal" lunch hours on the weekend to get the best bang for your buck.  That being said, the lunch menu is active until 4pm and it includes some discounts on the normal dinner entrees.
3	I'm from Texas, so craving Tex-Mex in North Carolina... this was the closest thing I could find.  Good food, pretty quick service, and a pleasant atmosphere.  Prices are a bit higher than what I'm used to in Texas for Tex-Mex, so that's why it gets 3 instead of 4 stars.
5	Best part is ordering online, picking it up after work and eating good grub while relaxing at home. I like that while it's a busy location, we don't have long waits for a table when we do decide to dine in.
2	Love the food. The endless tacos was a great deal. Service was well below standard; our glasses were let empty without refills and the time frame for the next order of the endless tacos seemed extremely long.  Location seemed understaffed.
2	Went here to #Ontheborder, directly after work recently...and I have to say that although the food is consistently great, the service is hit or miss at best, especially during the times between lunch and dinner.  I don't know why, but I have a penchant for visiting this particular O.T.B. in the early afternoons usually between 3-6pm.  I ALWAYS sit at or in the bar area.  The last few times I've been here, it was like the bar tenders and other employees were too busy fixing, cleaning and organizing  things; things like the margarita machine, changing the Dos Equis keg, cleaning the liquor bottles, etc to provide good, attentive service.  If the staff needs time to organize and prepare for the nightly dinner rush, I TOTALLY understand. Perhaps they should consider simply shutting down from like 3-6pm, plenty of establishments do it.  I rather that, then patronize this place and be forced to play second fiddle to a margarita machine...
1	The food is the same as as the rest of the franchise.  The service is horrible, go to the concord mills restaurant.They don't seem to care.
2	I did not like their food at all. Had one dish, sent it back, the second plate was just as horrible. Not close to authentic Mexican food at all. The atmosphere is very nice though. The authentic music made the atmosphere even better! Haven't gone back since I went the first time. Go at your own risk!
3	Go to this location often but last visit was not good. Food was excellent but the service was very slow. Took much longer than usual to get our food on a slow night and never got refills on drinks until we were finished with our meal. Plus music was so loud I could hardly carry on a conversation with my girlfriend. Waitress was very unattentive. Very disappointed.
4	I didn't like On The Border the first few times I tried it a few years ago.  I tried it recently in Charlotte and it was delicious.  I think they changed something about their salsa, it's extra hot and so good now.  Their chicken enchiladas are great with the cilantro lime rice.  But the shrimp fajitas are where it's at!
