5	The Best Indian Food in Montreal and authentic to boot. I would recommend coming here for the weekend open buffet (12-2pm) pile your plate high with the 7-8 to dishes they have on offer grab a couple of slices of naan and some pekora and indulge. A la carte meals will cost you a lot more than the 12$ buffet but you get a large selection of authentic Indian dishes.
5	Very good indian food!! If you like yours spicy...you know the kind that gives you a sweat mustache, you must ask them for VERY spicy. I asked for spicy and the heat level was minimal.so, i ended up eating the entire cup of pickled carrots (also, not that spicy) i get the feeling that people dont eat crazy spicy here in Montreal. Im used to tabasco, sriracha, and chili peppers on everything from ramen to cereal so perhaps my perception of spicy is slightly off kilter.Really good dishes to try? butter chicken, tandoori chicken, chicken jal farezi, and of course NAAN NAAN NAAN!!! Everything we ordered was very tasty though, samosas, some sausage looking apetizer, chick pea apetizer, rice with shrimp, lamb chops....
4	a friend took me to this place and i couldn't stop going.  definitely one of the best inidan resto in mtl.  their naan is soo delicious and moist, yummy!! damn too bad SD doesn't have good indian resto.. i love their eggplant dish, out of this world.  not sure how they cook their eggplant but it comes out smokey.. perhaps they grill or roast it in the oven but it is one of my fave dish there.  i used noticed that we're the only non-montrealers writing this review.. what happened to these montrealers?  i can't wait to go back once i'm in town!!
4	I came here and tried the 5-course set tasting menu and was very pleased. For 36$ you chose one soup/salad, one starter, one meat dish, one veg dish, and one dessert. The menu had a dizzying array of choices so I requested the waiter to choose for me a set of dishes best representing the restaurant - with a request for spicy. The first dish was a lentil soup with a clear base and very spicy with coriander. A nice taste to set the tone for the meal, hearty and warm. I requested spicy and they obliged with this dish - which was the most spicy of any dish served. The entree was garlic shrimp. This was a miss for me. The sauce combined with the breading on the shrimp ended up being a mushy mess with a strange consistency. The shimps themselves were nicely cooked once you got through their soggy exterior The veg and meat dish were served together. The meat dish was a very nice lamb vindaloo. The lamb was tender and very flavorful. The vindaloo curry was excellently spiced and not too greasy. I do wish it was a bit more spicy though. The veg dish was another lentil based dish with saffron, coriander, and garlic. A nice combo, but the taste could use some more pop. As a pairing with the lamb vindaloo it was good, but on its own I would find it a bit bland. The waiter picked an excellent progression of dishes and the tastes went very nicely together. The service started as a bit indifferent, but warmed up over he meal with my waiter. Another waiter stood in for the dessert order and we were back to the indifference again. The decor of the restaurant is pleasing and would be a pleasant place for a group of friends or a date.
5	Went with a group of 12 and they were very accommodating.  After some discussion they set out a series of dishes to satisfy everyone.  The food was excellent, the service was attentive and we came in under budget so the prices were very fair.  I would certainly recommend.If you want hot ask for very hot as they tend toward mild...
3	Great buffet, great Service, great Indian food and a great selection. Overall a great experience. I absolutely adore the all you can eat buffet, probably one of the best all you can eat Indian food buffets in Montreal. If you like Indian food and your are in the Montreal area its definitely worth a stop.
3	probably the best gulab jamun i've ever eaten. they were pure fried-and-soaked-in-syrupy goodness!the rest of the buffet was perfectly good, but not outstanding. naan was rather sweet. the biggest downside was the scope of the buffet- on a sunday afternoon they had 2 vegetarian entrees and one meat entree (plus daal, tandoori chicken, salads, and the naan). that may sound a bit whiny, but it was a bit disappointing as around here we tend to see more variety at indian buffets :) service was very friendly.
4	Good food and service. The 5 course meal is too much food.
2	Okay, but nothing to rave about.  And, their Amritsari fish wasn't really Amritsari, nor was their chaat very good.  Also a bit too pricey for not anything special Indian food.  I'm not from Montreal, so not sure what the residents of the city have to compare it to.
5	This is the best Indian food I have ever had, hands down.  The servers are nice and I love the decor.  Good wine selection, as well.
4	Authentic & formal dining but not strict dress code.  Aloo gobi was great & very hot. Great waitstaff.
1	After reading all the good reviews I decided to give this place a try. WHAT WERE THESE PEOPLE SMOKING when they gave this place such good reviews? One of the worst Indian restaurants. Food was too bland and there was no flavor. Being an Indian, I know about the Indian food, especially the North Indian food and there is nothing to write home about this place. Service was poor and it took the Server a good 15 minutes after we signaled for the check, to bring us the same. Also, it seems the place is run by people from Bangladesh or some other country who have no clue about flavorful Indian food!
3	A few fellow Indian food enthusiasts and I met up here for dinner. Being poor college students, we went simple and split samosas, two orders of chicken tikka masala, pilau rice and garlic naan. The samosas we nothing to write home about. We ordered one tikka masala spicy, and one mild and they tasted like two different dishes. The spicy one was enough to make my lips burn, but was still flavorful. The mild one was buttery and delicious. The garlic naan was well prepared and fluffy. Having tried four other Indian places so far in Montreal, this was the one I liked the most. I would say that althought the food was good, it was over-priced for the amount you got. Service was so-so.
4	Decent lunch buffet.  My Montreal contact told me it was a place for a quick & "cheap" lunch, so I am assuming it was a good price, but it still came up to be about double the Indian lunch buffet in Seattle.  Food was decent.  Service was slightly on the slower side, but then, it's buffet, so we didn't need a whole lot from the servers.
4	Delicious buffet! Loved the salmon tikka, daal, tandoori chicken and everything else was so good! And the dessert and fruit was great too! I would definitely recommend this!
5	OK, the last night in Montreal we were exhausted and wanted to eat nearby.  We couldn't decide where to eat so we tried Le Taj on the theory we wouldn't eat as much- boy were we wrong.  We started with the Salad Katchumba,  which was very large so it was a good thing we split it.  I ordered the Chicken Korma and it was outstanding, as good as our favorite restaurant.  My Husband ordered the Lamb Vindaloo which was SO hot.  I tried it but it was too much for me.  My Husband, however, loves hot food and he really liked it.  I had a glass of the Pinot Grigio which paired perfectly with the spicing of the meal. For dessert I had the Halwa "cake".  It was nothing I expected, texture was sort of like couscous, but the flavor was outstanding.  The tab was $92 and worth every penny as the meal was outstanding.
4	Excellent food, courteous service from the waiting staff, nice ambiance...what's not to like?
4	Very good Indian food, large variety of dishes, friendly staff, and very reasonable prices. The naan is some of the best I've had.My only complaint is that I asked for my food very spicy and it wasn't terribly hot.
5	Le Taj is the best Indian restaurant in Montreal downtown. They have an excellent selection during the lunch buffet. We were highly satisfied with all the dishes. Everything was freshly prepared and with the right amount of spices. Not only Indians will like it, but it will satisfy non-Indians as well. I will go back and highly recommend it. Staff is good.
3	I had high hopes for this place. Based on the hype, I went in fully expecting it to be one of the best Indian meals I have ever had. It was not.Let me preface by saying the service was 5 stars. The host couldn't have been friendlier, and the wait staff was excellent. Great location and very nice ambience.Unfortunately, the food was mixed at best. The samosas were good, but honestly, I am not sure I have ever had "bad" samosas. My dish was pretty good (Tandoori chicken), but my girlfriends was very disappointing (Chicken Makhani). Also, the rice was terrible. Of all the things to disappoint at an Indian restaurant??If they can ever get the food to match the ambience and service...
4	Honestly, Le Taj had some of the best food I ate all weekend in Montreal over vacation.  The service was 5 stars.  We had a few different masalas, and a chicken vindaloo along with some other vegetarian dishes. 4 stars only because we thought the wine selection was not so great.  There weren't many bottle options that were very expensive and the pinot was a Beringer which leaves a lot to be desired.
5	I've been meaning to try this place for ages, and finally got around to reserving for two on a Friday night. First of all, this place makes Ghandi in the Old Port look like a piece of shit.The ambience is very elegant but restrained at the same time - tall ceilings, wine tower in the middle of the restaurant, tablecloths, and cutaway windows to the kitchen framed in patterned metals. Beautiful! There's even a bar near the entrance you can relax at before or after eating. Service is first rate. The waiters are professional, attentive, and friendly. So polite, just like in India! Food comes out quickly and it's bloody good. We tried the lamb vindaloo (excellent), chicken xacutti (never tried it before and loved it), a few vegetarian dishes (all excellent). The dishes, on their own, are on the pricy side - the average meat, chicken, or lamb dish is around $20 or even more, but the quality and presentation is top-notch. The best bet is the table d'hote - $38 a person gets you a soup, appetizer, main, vegetable dish, dessert, and coffee. You can't finish it and have to roll out of there. Absolutely worth it.The wine list, as someone alluded to, is limited but all the staples are represented. Furthermore, it's dirt cheap. Half of them are in the low $30 range, so what's the problem? Dessert, by the way, is phenomenal. The gulab jamuns are the best I've ever tasted.A new favorite for high-end Indian - definitely the high-water mark.
4	The appetizer samosas were fine (according to my guests), as was the vegetable korma. But the lamb vindaloo was the best I've had. I asked for it to be "very spicy", and it was quite hot (not the hottest - which is fine when the ingredients are so high quality). Comfortable atmosphere; very nice interior, and easy to get to - just off St. Catherine. Service was fantastic.
5	"Cuisine indienne" as its called in these parts, was a something I was craving for badly during one of my last trips to Montreal. Already a city filled with so many ethnic options, Taj was literally the closest Indian place near our hotel. There are almost always questions for me before I head out to a new place: Is it local? Who goes there? What are the prices? How is the food? etc. Without consultation of my group due to my affinity for Indian cuisine, I immediately set forth for Le Taj and never looked back. It so happened to be during their lunch buffet hour, which at that time was priced at $12.95. Even before the clock struck noon, the place was crowded enough to warrant a wait for 4. While I waited I noticed how clean and modern the restaurant was. Some gourmet Indian establishments prefer the maharaja palatial look, where as Le Taj was simple, elegant, and sophisticated.The buffet was wonderfully presented. Everything from the serving spoon to the trays they were served in were immaculate. There was a service person on hand to wipe away any immediate spills and adjust items if they were put out of place. I thought the job was a bit tedious and unnecessary initially, but it really does make a difference for how people perceive lunch hour gluttony in buffet form.There was an amazing slew of options, with an adequate veggie to meat ratio along with some stellar desserts and sides. All of this food was presented in an open window where someone in the back was baking fresh naan (to be served table side) and dangling along a skewer was some freshly made tandoori chicken. I couldn't stop eating the fish curry here, it was perfectly flaky, the curry was rich without all the excess oil. I was also a very impressed with their lamb vindaloo, which was a little bit sweet and a lot savory, I went for seconds only moments after gobbling the first go-around. The naan was fluffy and even fragrant; a puffy bit of goodness that was a great complement to the meal. With the exception of rasmalai and burfi, I am not one for desserts, however the mini-grenade sized galub jamuns were as stellar as I've ever had.Service was quick and professional. They were attentive throughout the experience and were awesome all around. They were also armed with individual credit card machines, which made it an easy process to check out and pay without hassle.I've been back several times since and I've been quite satisfied each time. The buffet has since surged to $14.95, but with that the options have also been souped up as well. I've eaten some scrumptious veggie dishes (veggie samosa, fried cauliflower, sag paneer, aloo gobi, eggplant) and some excellent meat curries (goat biriyani, sag murgh, chicken makhani), which have all been delicious enough to give this place my blessing.
3	Average Indian food and very overpriced ...Nice ambience . Good for a date although Indian food in general is not really recommended for first dates ;)Good for business dinner or lunch .
4	We were glad that we had a reservation!  The restaurant was packed and remained full during our entire time there.  So...make reservations.Now for the food...The restaurant features a modified Open Kitchen format, where behind the glass, one can observe chefs making fresh Naan Bread and chopping a variety of items...activity which provided a source of tremendous curiosity for a little boy at the table besides ours.We ordered appetizers, a traditional beef curry, chicken tandori and a chicken curry with bismatti rice.  The Naan Bread was delicious and we enjoyed a trio of dipping sauces.  Our waiter did indicate that they could cook our food to mild or spicy.  Since this was our first experience, we didn't want to risk spicy.  I wish we had.  The meal was blander than I expected.  When I go to an ethnic restaurant, I think that exotic, spicy flavors are the best part of the package.  But, this was my bad...we asked for things to be toned down; probably a bit too much.Service was attentative, albeit a little slow.  As every single table was taken up, this was understandable.  We enjoyed the experience and would not hesitate to go back again.  A pretty solid choice for Indian cuisine.
3	Chicken tika, salmon tika... dry, naan... dry. Beet salad ,potato salad , chopped cucumber & tomato salad ...very good. Like their mugawaaly(sp) soup, basmati rice,    Indian style rice pudding, shrimp in spinach (yum) & Indian beer. Overall not bad for $12.50 buffet.Service good, place looks more  upscale since the renovations a couple of years ago.
3	Tasty Indian food with good service. Unfortunately it is not child friendly since the clientele is mostly downtown Montreal office workers and they want to sit down and have a good quiet meal. Great for larger groups and they have small buffet available.
4	Good environment and service,good location which is easy to find,their Naan is highly suggested!
4	Wow surpised I havent written a review for this place. I went to Le Taj a while back before during their lunch buffet special. The place and atmosphere really won me over. They have a nice open wine celler and the place was really nice and clean. I loved how they beautifully fusioned traditional with modern decor and the ambiance just perfectly hit the notch to be okay for both a group of friends/coworkers/couples etc. The service was nice, servers attentive, prompt, and most importantly courteous. Seemed like the people running the place has a lot of skills. Anyway Everything was good I just dont know why I cant seem to giving the place a 5 star. Probably because the food wasnt as impressive. I remeber trying their nan some vegetable curry, butter chicken, and some karahi dish. I recall their butter chicken having a lot of gluten as I had only a little bit and was full immediately. Drinks are good, and the dishes edible but not memorable. Overall I'd say this place this great for nice get togethers with friends and family if you want to try Indian in a nice environment. Price definitely not overpriced. I tried buffet style but even then most of the things on the menu are well priced for restaurant in heart of downtown. You certainly wont be disappointed, so dont hesitate to drop in.
3	Rating scale:1 - I'm not coming back here. Even I can cook better than this.2 - I didn't like the place/food. I may not come back here.3 - I liked the place/food. I would probably come back here.4 - I loved the place/food. I'm bringing my friends n family here.5 - The place/ food was incredible. I would travel to the city just to eat here.So clearly from the ratings scale above, you can tell that I fairly liked the place.Decor was nice. Above average compared to the Indian restaurants that you usually find overseas. It wasn't just about a painting of 3 elephants on the wall. The place had a good collection of murals and statues aesthetically placed. Lighting was appropriate. It had a nice open wine cellar and a full service bar.Food was ok. I say ok because it was catered more to the local taste. Understandably though. After all its about running a successful business. However, if you're an Indian, you may find it a tad bland.Service was good. Wait staff was courteous, polite and they smiled.Pricing was fair. I had the lunch buffet for USD20 which included the taxes and 10% gratuity.
2	Well, I'm reading the reviews, and apparently everybody loves it... I went there once, and it was a sad, sad experience. Who knows, maybe it was a bad day... The naan was. so. sweet. Unedible. Everything was just bland and disapointing. Felt it was indian food made for high-end white people. I don't know. Will never be back, but hey, I might be wrong.
4	Delicious.The Saag Beef and Murg Makhani (pardon the spelling) were perfect. Garlic naan: yum! Chai was not as spicy as I like but it was ok. It was the only thing that wasn't excellent.
4	Was traveling through Montreal and found this place listed among nearby restaurants.  We figured we stop in for lunch.To our surprise they had a reasonably priced buffet. Being very experienced with Indian restaurants, I had no problem with that. Everything on the buffet was quite good and it was all clearly labeled so we knew exactly what it was.Service was great and attentive. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area looking for a solid Indian meal.
2	I ordered take-out from Le Taj in Montreal the other day. I was in town for a week and was staying next door at the Ritz-Carleton. Their online menus had no prices and the girl on the phone said "it'll be about $20." I ordered one order of butter chicken. I got an individual white rice and naan bread with it. When I went to pick it up, it was $29 - that's with the 15% take-out discount. When I got back to my hotel room, I was expecting this to be the best Indian food I had ever eaten. It wasn't.I'm sorry? $30+ for one portion of flavourless butter chicken that was mediocre at best?.. Quite a rip-off. Luckily there are many Indian options in Montreal, this one certainly won't be on my list next time I'm in town.
5	Ambiance was excellent (don't miss the decorations), the wine selection was super, and the food compares to the best restaurants in Montreal (of any type of cuisine).  Our selections were best quality, from the appetizers, through desert.  Breads impressed us (my wife and I are both bakers), the mango lassi is prepared with housemade yogurt and the entrees (do you still have room?) were wonderful.  This is an oasis in the business district.Service is excellent, and if the table seems a bit small, it's only because you ordered too much food.  (smile)  Enjoy.
5	I went here two times during the week for the buffet at lunch time. I really enjoy this place because of the variety of Indian food you can find. Meat, fish, vegetables, all your friends will find something to their taste! Plus, I feel like the dishes are well seasoned: you are not crying your way through the meal, you enjoy the spices. This is certainly something you don't get in all Indian restaurants. I also really like their deserts! The waiters are also very friendly and polite. The second time we came, we arrived ten minutes before they closed the buffet. The waiter who welcomed us in told us we could stuff our plates and he even gave us an extra plate so that we could take as much as we wanted. This is super fun, especially since it is a really nice restaurant. I definitely recommend trying it out during the week at lunch, because of the price range: excellent food, service and nice and clean decor and place. Try it out :)
5	Excellent Indian with something for everyone. Halal meat for one colleague. Vegetarian options for another, and a fantastic meatfest for another my third colleague and me. Great and attentive service. Particularly as one cleague needed to leave for a late-night call and the kitchen hurried his order through allowing him to enjoy while remaining on time.  When my Indian colleague told me that this was the best Indian food he'd had outside of India, I knew that my enjoyment of it wasn't due to not knowing the cuisine well.  I will definitely be back.
2	I went to Le Taj this afternoon for lunch. I was having a not so great today and was in the  mood for some comfort food. Being an Indian, comfort food is Indian food for me. I did not have to wait too long and the lunch buffet food wise was descent overall. The malai kofta had this strange burnt milk smell and the naan was chewy. But the reason why I have given the place poor ratings is because of the service. Once I got the table it's almost like I became invisible. No one offered me water or guided me or nothing. Till the time I left I had no idea who my waiter was. I was just ignored. I really don't want to think its because of my ethnicity but it seemed like everyone around me was served on time. I was hungry so I got up and got my food and came back to the table. Still no trace of anyone asking if I wanted a drink. Asked for the check, they come with the swiping credit card machine to the table itself, swipe the card and hand it to you. I really didn't wanna pay a big tip cos I felt like I served myself but I ended up giving a 15% tip a) Because I know waiters don't earn a lot b) that was the lowest tip that machine allows you to offer. Went for the comfort food came back feeling ignored and uncomfortable.
2	I went to Le Taj for dinner last night. First, I loved the decor - it's very simple, with lots of brass sculptures of Hindu deities. No complaints there. The layout is good as well, with tables being spaced apart such that you don't feel like you're dining with your neighbors. The person who I assumed was the host, was not friendly or smiley. He barely acknowledged us when we arrived and when he showed us to our table. Our waiter was OK but not great. If I ask you whether or not your Shrimp Tandoori is excessively salty, you should be able to answer my question - I mean, you work there. If I'm asking about the shrimp, it's because I want shrimp - don't recommend your most common dish (butter chicken) assuming I've never had Indian cuisine before. We ordered the vegetarian plate to share as an appetizer; I must say that there wasn't much on the plate. One samosa, one onion Bhaji, one Aloo tikke to share between two people. As this was an appetizer, it's not that big a deal that the portion was that small, but I've had samosas at other restaurants that were bigger than the three appetizers combined. Just saying. That said, each item was flavorful and we enjoyed them. I ordered the Bhunna shrimp (green peppers, onions, spices, tomatoes). I wasn't crazy about the dish; there were 6 shrimp in a tomato-based sauce with LOTS of onions. The shrimp were a bit tough and chewy, and on the small side. The sauce was OK but something was missing. As a side, I ordered the Pulao rice (Basmati with onions, green peas and saffron) - I found it lacking in flavor and a bit dry. I wasn't expecting the rice to be incredibly flavorful, but I was hoping for something. Where price is concerned, the appetizer and rice were decent at $7 and $5 respectively. However, the shrimp dish was $19, and I found this to be too high for 6 small shrimp that weren't cooked properly.
4	Excellent Indian with something for everyone.  Vegetarian options and fantastic choices for meat . Great and attentive service. Had a bit of a cold and happen to mention it to the waiter and he took great care to bring a proper healing tea. From what my Indian colleague tell me this was the best Indian food outside of India. I've been to India and did ask to which region the chef hails. That's the thing in Montreal; so many choices. Love it!
3	A decent Indian buffet. A good place for lunch with work mates. The food is less greasy than at most buffets of this sort. Nothing special or memorable. The nan is ok, tandoori chicken is well prepared and the rice is decent. It's hard to get excited about a buffet like this, but if that is what you crave you won't be disappointed.
3	Good food but very expensive (rice and nan bread are purchased separately).Quite small portions also for the price. We went on Friday evening. Reservation is necessary.
4	I visited Le Taj for their lunch buffet and really enjoyed it. It is close to McGill and the dinning area is very nice. It is suitable for a business lunch or a nice date. The buffet was very diverse and the food was really good. Lots of vegetarian options, which is important for me. The only downside is that it was a little expensive for Indian food.
4	Great food, good price, nice decor - exotic taste All you can eat buffet under 20$/person!
1	Please, No!  I must first start by saying that I did see a few bad reviews and I should have taken heed. Indian cuisine is normally layered with flavours, however you will not find that at Le Taj. We went for Sunday buffet "just in case" and I'm glad we did not order from the menu. Two buffets and 2 drafts came out to be 55.00. ???? There is absolutely NO flavour in their food.  I'm not talking about hot/spicy I'm talking about the normal spices you find in all authentic Indian dishes. If you want spicy do not even WISH that you will receive anything remotely close, even if you ask for an addition. Their suggestion is a carrot/oil mix which has no spice and has the distinction of canola oil. No lime pickle, or methi on the menu. Everything from the buffet was cold. Even though we only had a few bights we had indigestion for hours afterwards. Don't go if you like flavour or authentic Indian cuisine.
4	Excellent indian food.. Must try the Naan.. Reminds me of Delhi
5	I loved the service here almost as much as the food, they were very polite and friendly. They did forget one item the second time we went, but they brought it out quickly enough and everything tastes so good that it's hard to think about complaining over something like that. It's a bit pricy but worth it if you are in the mood for a dim lit comfortable dinner out
3	This place is packed during lunch buffet, so be sure to make a reservation before coming here!The ambiance is great, nice decor, but very crowded. The service was alright, but sometimes not very caring (never filled my water), though it was probably because the waiters were too busy serving that many people.The buffet was very mediocre, it consisted of multiple choices of salads, two appetizers, two vegetarian dishes, and two proteins. I was surprised to see beef and salmon served in an Indian restaurant, interesting.There are two common problems with their food: they are under-seasoned and unbelievably dry. I had to chug water in between every bites to avoid suffocation. Maybe we went in an off-day, but that's how it was.Their renowned Naan bread and Tandoori Chicken were big let-downs. The bread was cooked and let inside the container for too long, such that it became rubbery. The chicken was dry, and had no taste at all besides the smell of charcoal.The salmon really saved the day, it was really moist and flavorful, delicious. The beef was overcooked and dry, because the cuts were too lean, but the sauce was enjoyable and tangy.Overall, not a bad experience, but I expected more, especially since they were boasting so much with their Tripadvisor awards.
5	Incredible experience: the menu is diverse, the flavors complex and the garlic naan phenomenal. The renovation makes the atmosphere that much more enjoyable and I have had solid service every time I've gone. Highly recommended.
4	I've only been to three or four different Indian restaurants but I've liked all of the ones I've been to and this one was a slight step up above the others.  I arrived a little late but almost as soon as I walked in the waiter was ready to take my drink order and had my beer at the table before I could take my coat off.  I ordered a Thali which included an entree as well as nan, rice, different sauces, and dessert.  For my entree I ordered the Saag lamb which was very good.  I took everything they brought and mixed it all together and ate it all with the nan.  It was an explosion of awesome and way too much food.  I ate until it hurt and there was still plenty leftover.I'm happy this place was recommended to me, and if I'm in the mood for Indian I'll gladly return.
5	I have been to more than my share of Indian places.  By far best, naan and chicken makhni I have ever had.  EVER!!!  Okra was just okay.  But the makhni and naan were incredible.  Would suggest closing with either the kulfi or ras mali.  So good.  One final tip, ask for medium Indian spicing, not spicy - flavors are deeper than their standard fare.  Naan so fluffy.  So delicious.  Sorry - reminiscing.
3	I sometimes go to Le Taj to enjoy their buffet. Had brunch here recently, it was quite satisfying except smelly lamb curry, frozen shrimp+green pepper in light sauce & watery sour daal soup. However, liquid smoke in tandoori chicken was a big no-no. Pakora was too dry, not flavourful according to friends. OK service.
4	My wife and came to Montreal to honeymoon and after a long drive from Toronto we wanted some good food.  We first checked with the Bell Hop then  the concierge at our hotel, both rated this place very high.  So we gave it a try.  This place was AWESOME.  Coming from Houston both my wife and I are veterans when it comes to Indian Cuisine, so this comes as a very welcomed surprise.We started with the samosa, great flavor and it came with a mix or sauces, try to carrot mix, it was tangy and spicy.  Then we ordered the butter chicken with a side of garlic naan and saffron rice.  All were very good, butter chicken was creamy with a good flavor and the rice was a great mix with it.  I also asked for a hot sauce, which they mixed up a sauce for me that had an awesome flavor with a HOTNESS that as too much for my wife, but on point for me.  If you are in the area and want some good food, with great flavor, you must stop in here.
2	I really do not like to leave negative reviews but I have no choice I guess when I do not get good value for my money which is fair.The two stars are for the fact that the restaurant is clean and it was a good ambience when we were there. I was disappointed though with the service and more with the food. I ordered my favorite Indian dish, butter chicken. First the portion was small for the price they are charging and worst part it was tasteless. There was no kick or a rich flavor in the sauce at all. Their front staff need to smile a bit more. Despite the fact that it is conveniently located in downtown and it is a clean place, I do not think i will it a second chance.
4	We ate dinner here on 23 July 2014. We love Indian cuisine, and when ever we are away on vacation, we try to find a good example. Le Taj was the right choice!! It was very close to our hotel on Boul. de Maisonneuve which was very convenient. We were greeted warmly by a gentleman who also happened to be our server. He gave us a choice of tables, and we chose the one by the window to the Tandoori clay oven. This was a special experience, because we could watch the chef prepare all the wonderful delicacies. We ordered a few things to share: Beef Vindaloo, Vegetarian Appetizer Platter, a coriander shrimp appetizer ( not sure of the name ) and Garlic Naan. The star of the meal was the Naan. Potently flavored with fragrant garlic and ghee, it was a delight! The Beef Vindaloo, although "medium" was too hot for us, but still edible with lots of rice and raita. The Vegetarian platter was very good as well, although the Aloo Tiki was a bit dry. But the Samosa and the onion fritter was perfect! The shrimp appetizer was special: Delicate flavors, perfectly cooked shrimp, and crisp greens. Delicious! The service made eating here really special. I started off with a chai before the meal came and told the server I would have my glass of Sauvignon Blanc with my meal. He waited until my tea was empty and then graciously poured my glass of wine. Very polite and attentive service! They did not rush us at all and let us enjoy every bit of the meal! For dessert we had Gulabjamun and some other cottage cheese delicacy which was delightful! Overall an amazing experience!
5	Best Indian food I've ever had. Waiters are super chill and will help you put together an amazing plate. I would suggest getting a table d'hote (comes with unlimited naan) and just make sure you get the Dahl lamb. Love this place.
5	Having spent two weeks in India, we found the food was just as good. In fact we went twice in a few days. We ordered a wide selection from meat to vegetable dishes including garlic and plain nam and roti and found everything full of spice and flavour. I ordered extra spicy which was perfect for me. The waiter each time was attentive, didn't kept us waiting long and came to the table several times to check on us.We'll worth a visit if you are a fan of Indian cuisine.
5	Outstanding atmosphere and zesty foods... Best part?  The pricing is really satisfying
5	Excellent food, wine, service, ambiance and artwork.A perfect date night Indian restaurant in the heart of Monreal downtown!
5	Was taken here for my birthday today. MOST AMAZING Indian food I've had in a long while. So much food!! Taking two doggy bags when we leave (two of us) and dessert hasn't even arrived. We did the 40.00 menu and its just awesome! Atmosphere is great and clean. We got the best table in the house it seems. Super friendly wait staff. Must come here again!!
5	Awesome Indian restaurant in a convenient location. Friendly host, very attentive wait staff and excellent food. My Chicken Vindaloo was really spicy, but at least the waiter DID warn me beforehand.I saw that some reviews were complaining about portion sizes and menu pricing, but I like to think of it as a quality-over-quantity type of thing. I wasn't too shocked by the prices. The food comes in the usual little copper dishes found in Indian restaurants, so if you're used to those you won't be in for any surprises.Well worth checking out if you're ever in Montreal and you're a fan of Indian cuisine.
4	It was great. Food, service and the ambiance was wonderful. I recommend this restaurant highly.
