4	Great and friendly service as always.
4	there are some great stuff here!  i heard that all their stores are going out of business, but either way, they have some good sales going on if you are trying to find higher end stuff for a lot better price.This store was the first in my life where i actually saw and tried on jimmy choos, just hanging there on the rack already half off and an additional 25%.  Although i had fun trying those, gucci's, fendi's, prada's etc, i didn't buy any.  haha.  go in deeper, and I didn't know that vegas could be so relaxing.  juicy stuff all on sale, lots of great bags from coach to d&g also at least 25% off.  In the back, there's some marc jacobs stuff, a cute megenta bag for 248.  I LOVED the alice and olivia colorful dresses as well, and would be a perfect place to find a sexy different dress from the norm from 100-400.  Sales associate also very friendly, offering water or pierre, (however you spell it.)I'd figure, shopping is better than gambling and loosing..
5	Idk what VVV is talking about but Sak's isn't going out of business.I love this Sak's though! The people are so nice!  they ahve a pretty good selection and they have A LOT of sale items.Worth a stop if you're in Vegas!;]
5	I have to tell you that this place was the best shopping experience of my life. This may have had something to do with the fact that the dressing room was bigger than a studio in NYC, the fact that there was a three way mirror (yes that's in every Sak's), or the free drinks. Actually, it was none of that. The service was absolutely impeccable. As a New Yorker, I'm just not used to people talking to me and being polite at a store. Unless you're buying (for thousands), you're not worthy of a conversation at places like these. My friend and I are not high rollers but we were treated with respect and we did walk away with a couple of amazing purchases that we were extremely happy with. My only regret is that I didn't buy a pair of Fendi shoes.
2	Totally disappointed with the shoe department here.  Honestly, it's tiny.  I know I'm spoiled by the 8th floor in NYC, but come on.  Chicago and SF locations both beat the shoe department here.+1 star for the massive dressing rooms.
5	The Saks Fifth Avenue shoe department is heaven on earth. I have yet to go throughout the entire store because this section is usually all I need to get my luxe-fix. This place is cleaner than a hospital and the layout is easily maneuverable, with displays to make any fashionista's mouth water. If you go, you have to see Terin, She is so sweet and always remembers her customers. I bought my first pair of Choos from her (on sale!) back in December and she still always acknowledges me and asks me how I am doing. Went with my mom yesterday to meet her and introduce my mother to one of the loves of my life, Christian Louboutin. Although I didn't end up buying the GORGEOUS coral slingbacks from Mr. Louboutin, I have bought a pair of his shoes here before along with my Choos and the customer service cannot be beat. It is rare these days for a big department store to feel so personal, but that is why I keep coming back to Saks for my designer shoes.
4	My retail therapy session starts and ends here.  I have a love/hate relationship with Saks Fifth Avenue but at the end of the day I just can't hate you for giving me the tools in life to look my absolute best.. well most of the time. A garden of James Perse shirts and tanks, Elizabeth and James blazers, Alicia and Olivia, Theory, Missoni and so much more...The shoe section offers the "creme de la creme" of shoes.. from miu miu, chloe, prada, yves saint laurent, and christian laboutin... Sales here are to look out for, since regular prices will make you cringe...***And if you ever need a skincare consultation, go to Carol at the Cleau de Peau counter.  She is fabulous in every way.  She knows the ins and outs of every single product and swears by the Cleau de Peau beauty regimen. Since meeting her, I've been more kind to my skin and have learned that sticking to one brand of skincare products is key.  It's definitely an investment but well worth it.  Thank you Carol..Saks Fifth Avenue... I hate you but I love you...
5	Hello Lover!  No, I'm not referring to a person.  I'm referring to the gorgeous handbags at Saks.  Whilst passing through Saks, an uberfriendly sales associate greeted me.  She asked if I needed any help finding anything.  I said I was just browsing.  She noticed my LV handbag and informed me that they had Louis Vuitton handbags.  Well, maybe just a peek.  ;)But then I noticed a sign for "Dior" handbags.  Detour!  My SA (sales associate) escorted me to the Dior nook.  I asked the Dior SA what colors the Lady Dior handbag comes in.  She named quite a few colors and then said "pink".  Ok, I MUST see the pink bag.  Stat!  It was absolutely stunning.  Even though I LOVE pink, I think I would get more use out of the black Lady Dior.  The Dior SA informed me that the Lady Dior is definitely a good investment as far as handbags go.  The prices continually go up on a yearly basis.  Unfortunately, I did not have the funds to purchase said bag today, but I better get working on it!After I wiped the drool from my mouth we made our way to the LV nook.  The SA in LV was also just as sweet as she could be.  I asked if they had the Galleria PM in Damier Azur, and they actually did (unlike the LV shops on the strip).  I tried it on and actually fell in love.  I had tried the same style but in the monogram canvas at City Center.  I was not really a fan as it looked way to big on me.  However, the Damier Azur is a little more subtle so it did not overpower my small frame.  Love it.I did not end up purchasing a bag on this trip even though I was really tempted.  It just wasn't in the cards (no pun intended).  When I am ready to purchase, I will definitely contact my SA and have my bag shipped to me.  All in all, superb customer service and nice selection.  I just wish I would have been able to purchase when I was there!  Soon... ;)
5	1st, look at the pictures I took in Saks Fifth Ave. store!2nd, look close on their styles, especially the 'crystal MEN pans'3rd, let's 'WOW' together..... :)
4	one of my favorite shopping hits in vegas. i am a sucker for the designer wear. i wish their selection was larger. that is the only thing i dont like. i love shopping here during sales because they have some of the best ones on designer contemporary wear. be sure to check out the elizabeth and james selection downstairs. if you do pick up a few things make sure to have marcie in contemporary ring you. she is my favorite sales associate and never hassles like most people who work on commission. have fun!
5	I love this store, they have a nice women's clothing and shoe selection, both of contemporary designers and high end designers.  What made my experience great is the sales staff, in particular Karen in the shoe department.  She was not pushy at all, she helped with my selection, she made me feel like she appreciated my business and even weather guarded my new Jimmy choos so I could wear them right away, next time I am in the area and looking for shoes, I will go see her.
5	Nothing about my experience I didn't like.  I found staff to be helpful, friendly, and didn't mind I wanted to smell 20 perfumes before choosing what I wanted.  Tonya helped me at the Bond 9 counter and I was happy with my purchase.  I walked through Neiman Marcus too and found the staff there, compared to Saks, much more snooty.  The Saks staff seemed more relaxed.  I'll definitely head back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	For a Saks store, this place has a small shoe selection.  But as always, great service.
5	LOVE YOU!   One of the best shopping experiences I've had while searching for new fragrances.   You turned me on to Bottega Veneta and I couldn't be more satisfied.   Thank you for bringing happiness back into my life.  Alright, alright, I'll stop, however you really did take great care of me and you now have a devoted customer (no more Nordstrom for me).
4	Quality high end clothing with prices to match. If you're looking for upscale shopping I would recommend Saks.
5	Excellent quality merchandise but it is the amazing staff that set this store above other department stores. They are very knowledgeable and friendly. A sales consultant named Abby Gones helped me in the intimate apparel dept.  She was so good, especially since I had just walked out of the Marcus Neiman store in the same mall because of unfriendly indifference displayed by staff.  I purchased four wonderful items thanks to Abby.
3	The Black Friday Specials were non-existent.  Nada, nunca, cero.  But a nice selection of premium jeans if you want to pay full price when everyone else's are marked down.  Just sayin'
1	didn't have a lot of inventory
5	I have been a Saks fan for years.  The service is amazing.  Saks merchandise is fair traded so why not enjoy being waited on in a comfortable atmosphere ?  Saks cosmetic departments can not be compared to other stores.  The sales associates are the best.   Heather @ Lancome is very helpful and nice.  I will be back!
5	Service was top-notch.
4	I love Saks.  I don't buy that much there simply because of the prices but if you are looking for an evening gown and great service this is the  spot!  In fact... I think the only thing I've bought as Saks is gowns... and I wore mine a year before Jennifer Hudson hit the red carpet in the exact same dress (so snap!)  Still, you can always expect the best of the best in service and they will pretty much  bend over backwards to make you happy.
4	Always an upscale experience but in Las Vegas far more laid back than the locations in New York, Los Angeles, or Dallas I've never once been disappointed with Saks Fifth Avenue at Fashion Show.  Obviously catering to a mixed crowd and unable to differentiate between high rollers on vacation or average Joe's like you and I perhaps the most impressive aspect of this location is the nearly ubiquitous presence of sales, nearly every item even ~1-2 months "off season" frequently offered at 30-50% off.  Obviously not an everyday splurge but a great place to browse for deals suffice it to say that compared to other high-end luxury stores both here in Las Vegas and elsewhere in America this is as close as one will often come to a good deal on top designers, particularly compared to Neiman Marcus just down the hall or Barney's in the Palazzo.
2	Woke up hungover and walked into SAKS with my friend looking like a grizzly bearwearing flip flops sweat pants and a sunglass. All I wanted to do was buy two things- Creme de La mer gel cream & The eye concentrate eye cream and the SA of La Mer treated me like a bum walking into a 5 star restaurant begging for food. She didn't say hi, didn't offer help in assisting, and didn't even bother to look at me. I was swatching some samples on my friend's hand so she could try it out and the SA rudely said "that's for your face not for your hands". No shit lady. Little did she know I've been using La Mer's whole skincare line for over 4 years. Do I really have to dress like Princess Diana to get some respect here? In Vegas? She could've had a sales of over 2k but I did not give her that benefit. You are a sucky person with a shallow and narrow mind. Remember why you work there.
1	I would have given no stars if I could. I had the worst experience I have ever had in any department store. I have never in my life been treated so terrible by any "manager." The way that they handled this situation I'm about to tell, is just unbelievable. It actually happened a few years ago, but one of my clients worked there and I did not want to bring him into it, so I kept quiet. Well, Richard no longer works here....and now I'm telling my story.I came in and it was in August, around my birthday. I spent a significant amount of money in the clothing department and made my way to the fragrance department. I found one I liked by Bond. It was a splurge...it was $250. They ring it up, put it in a bag and I go home. The next morning I'm getting ready for work and I take the bottle out of the box and spray it....and nothing comes out. Mind you it's a painted artsy bottle, that is not see through. They actually showed me the bottle before I purchased it, and I was like "how pretty." Well, nothing came out of the bottle and I sprayed and sprayed....it didn't even smell like perfume so I assume they must have given me a display bottle. I thought no big deal. After work I will take it back with the receipt and get my bottle I paid for. Simple mistake, right? Well, that is SO NOT what happened. It was about 7pm the very next day. I walked up told a lady at the fragrance counter, who was not the guy who helped me the day before the situation. She actually acted like I somehow siphoned the perfume out of the bottle. She didn't come out and say that but that's how she was acting. The top of the bottle is permanently attached, unless I took a torch to it there is no way that would be possible. So, at this point I'm in tears. She refuses to do anything and is treating me like a criminal. I ask to speak to a manager and he's not in. So I speak to him (dark hair curly) the next day and he says the best he can do is give me a TESTER of another perfume because the one I wanted they didn't have. Are you kidding me?? I spoke to another manager, wrote an email, and my client Richard even spoke to his superiors.....and they did NOTHING. I wanted to go to channel 13 investigates. I mean, were the sales people purposely giving out display bottles and selling the real ones on the side??? It just seemed so shady, and absurd!!! Anyway, I'm not rich. I'm a hairdresser that saves my money and I will splurge every so often around my birthday. I tell all of my guests about this story and have been for the last few years. I still can't believe it. $250 gone. I clearly would never return to this Saks, ever again.
1	If I can choose I would not even give 1 star to this store. The women shoes service is horrible.
5	Love Saks in OC great buyers! With personal shoppers & champagion or water while you shop thats the only way to go!
