5	This service was great! The staff was on time and did a great job! We got their Amazon local deal and it was totally worth it. It was very convenient that they could come to our house and they got both ours SUVs done in under 3 hrs including total inside and outside. Would highly recommend!
5	I haven't typed out a review in a looong time, but this place definitely deserves some love. I heard about Waterless Auto Detailing through a Living Social deal. I was skeptical at first as I've never done mobile auto detailing before, let alone via a coupon. Louie was super nice when he came up to my workplace. He told me it would be about an hour and a half. A little primer: My car has a black interior. The most I do is vacuum the inside every month. I'll probably wipe the inside every time a black president gets elected. So the console, dash, etc was extremely dusty. Wiping it with a damp microfiber cloth didn't do too much for me. After Louie was done with it, my car looked brand new. The outside, including the tires and rims, were sparkling clean. I'm surprised they were able to get it that clean using a water-less solution. The inside was even more impressive. Everything looked like it came straight from the dealership, and the shampoo of the seats and floor left a great, clean smell.The most impressive thing? They were able to get every single crevice inside!I immediately brought a couple of my co-workers outside to inspect. One wiped my rim with his finger, no joke, Mary Poppins style. Clean.Because Louie offers corporate group rates, a bunch of my co-workers are planning to get their cars done. I'm definitely going to use this place again.
5	I bought a living social deal from Louie at Waterless. What a wonderful service! Sometimes people will give you less service when you purchase something discounted. Not Waterless! They gave me more! Three hours on my car, and it looked brand new! Better than ever! This is the best car wash I have ever had. The come to you at your convenience! They were on time, friendly, and took the time to give me wonderful customer service. I will be using them in the future, and will recommend them highly! They deserve 10 starts!
4	My car has only been washed at the dealership before having Louie provide his WATERLESS AUTO DETAILING solution.I could only give 4 STARS as I have no other comparison for WATERLESS AUTO DETAILING to base my review against.I am sticking with Louie at this point as he has provided a COMPLETE DETAIL and several regular car washes to my car.Louie is very professional as he is on time or early to service my car.If Louie cannot make the appointment he is calling or texting me hours before to re-schedule.Louie takes his time on making sure every part of his service is done right the first time.I really like the WATERLESS AUTO DETAILING from Louie as the SHINE lasts a LONG time (Almost 2 weeks).Also, I dread regular car washes because of the SPOTS and STREAKS that regular car washes give but this is NOT the case you will have with Louie's service.My rims and tires look flawless as well.Whatever Louie is doing for the interior is GREAT because the interior of my car smells like a new car and the dash, steering wheel, etc. is like brand new but NOT shiny.I will keep everyone posted on how Louie is doing with my car in the next month or so.So far so good with Louie and I have not had anyone else touch my car!
5	Louie did a fantastic job on both my wife's car and mine today. My wife has a black Suburban and that thing was shining!! My truck has a wrap on the body so no polishing on the body but the wheels looked awesome. The interior on both vehicles was outstanding. He took the time to really take care of our cars. Thank you very much. We will be back as customers soon..
5	Wow! My car was embarrassingly filthy and I never imagined it could ever look this good again. Mirror shine, clean carpets, spotless interior, amazing all the way around. Spent several hours on my car. My headlight restoration look awesome also. Super friendly. I would recommend to any and everyone. The best!
5	We bought the package on living social and we can not be more surprised. The mini detail package for the car or sedan was just what or honda needed. He detailed the whole interior including shampooing of the carpets and seats. Our car was very dirty and we only kept on waiting to get it done due to the crazy weather we've been having in the valley. Our car looks and smells great, we all know that feeling when your car is all clean and looks and smells great. He really knows how to bring the life back into a extremely dirty car. He was fast and went into detail to find the little areas inside that collected dirt over the months... Extremely great service and complete satisfaction! Get to it and get your car looking amazing today!
