5	Awesome prices! Bought 2 Tuffy Dinosaurs the T-Rex and a pig and a big kong for less than $60! In CA I bought one Tuffy Triceratops and that alone was about $60. What can I say my dog is well loved. Friendly customer service and I wish them luck!
5	I will be back that is for sure. The selection of toys is EXCELLENT and so were the prices.  My puppy fell in love with his new toys and bed. The staff was very friendly and helpful when I asked for advice on a particular type of toy I was looking for.
5	This place is awesome. I saw this place when driving and went in to check it out. HUGE selection of dog supplies at much cheaper prices than Petsmart and Petco. Aisles with shelves full of chew toys and treats and they also sell crates, beds, strollers, harnesses, leashes, and grooming supplies. Amazing prices. My dog is an aggressive chewer and can go through toys in 10 minutes so I stocked up on Kongs, Nylabones, and other durable toys as well as some treats for $25. I would have spent twice that at other pet supply stores. Check this place out for all your dog needs.
5	This place is the best. They carry all the dog food brands that I would deem as much healthier (and more costly) but here they have the cheapest price I have found in town by far and even online! Super friendly and helpful staff, tons of toys/treats and other dog supplies. Must faster too than waiting for that online order to ship out to you.
5	I love this pet store. They have great prices and good staff. It's very clean and the staff is so helpful. They have such a unique and large selection of toys and treats!It's about 25 minutes from my house but I come here all the time!
5	We love this place. They have great prices, food, toys for days, leashes, beds, everything. We have a Cane Corso who is a picky eater. He was going through another phase, so here we go on our new food hunt. The staff especially the manager(blonde hair and an amazing help) is very, very helpful. Suggested food that we should try out and so friendly. We live in DTLV and drive all the way to Henderson for our doggies. They also have a loyalty program.
5	Awesome place. I work for a fairly large company and try to tell everyone about it. I vowed to never be a crazy dog person after we got our puppy. But I have come to terms that my girlfriend and I are "those people". Dogsupplies.com Outlet Store is an enabler to us being the people that take a family portrait with their dog. They're like that weird friend that has the hookup on " the goods", except they're just not creepy and weird. Every time we go in everyone is so friendly and helpful. One time we didn't get an item in our bag and they set it aside, remembered us when we went in two weeks later and gave it to us. If we had a child, I would probably buy their toys there too. I apologize for additional "quotes".
4	No frills store but a great place to find a wide variety of toys and treats for your dog at really discounted prices. I wish they carried a larger selection of premium dog foods (what they have is fairly limited) but if you're looking for toys and dog snacks then this is the place to go.
5	Love this place! The people are always super friendly and helpful. They'll even try to get your favorite products added to the inventory if they don't already carry it.
