4	I thought I had the address wrong the first time I went here.  This is a huge corporate complex - where the heck is the sandwich shop?  I decided to give it a shot and parked in the parking garage.  As I walked in I was REALLY taken with the amazing landscaping/fountains/hidden conversation spots all around the outside of the building.  I wanted to get a job in the building so I could eat my lunch outside there every day.  So I walked into the building and... nothing.  No signs of Dagwood's.  Then I realized that right in front of me was an area w/ small tables, a sofa and some nice sitting chairs facing a tv.  I had to ask someone when they walked out if that was Dagwood's.  It was.  So I walked in and went to the side to find that the entrance for Dagwood's is officially at the back of the building - but even there I couldn't find a sign.  A really amazing selection of sandwiches.  They had SO many options.  And they do breakfast - gotta love that.  The sandwich was good and all, but my favorite part was walking outside to eat (I love Phoenix! - My first time here was November and I've eaten outside in December and January too!) where I found some round shaded tables where I could eat lunch while looking out at their fake-lake with ducks swimming back and forth.  Not bad for 5 minutes away from a very industrial part of Tempe.  If you work in the area, it's definitely worth a stop.
3	This deli is on the ground floor of the building right next to my office, and has yet to deliver a bad meal (to me or that I've heard from anyone I work with).They serve Boars Head meat & Cheese, and always have a daily special. I've yet to have breakfast there so I'll leave that to someone else.The 1st time I went there I got the Ruben and it was really tasty. The meat was just the right temperature and just the right amount of sauce & kraut. I liked it so much I got it the 2nd time too!They have a small selection of side, including salads and fruit, as well as the usual grab bag size chips. To drink they have a soda fountain (Coke products) and also a cooler that has a lot of things you could find in a convenience store. I suggest the Key Lime Stewart's myself...
3	When you're counting the minutes until your next break at work, a half hour seems like forever. Unfortunately it doesn't seem as long when that's all you get for lunch. Luckily Dagwoods is a short walk from building 1620 where I spend most of my week. The deli on the bottom floor of this corporate complex is hidden away from anyone who doesn't work in the vicinity, but has a nice selection, quick service and an outdoor patio perfect for eating lunch next to it's mini-at-ure lake. Try the supreme sandwich if you are into turkey, bacon and avocado or the spicy chicken wrap if you dig a spicier lunch. Hungry in the morning? Don't worry! I hear they have a make your own breakfast burrito option. I have yet to try that, but it is a hit with everyone in my department. If you pick a side I would stay away from the macaroni, its mayo packed. Pros: Speed, selection, patio, beverage selection (including multiple teas and energy drinks if you are hungover and trying to power through your shift)Cons: A little too pricey for a sandwich or wrap. Chains are less expensive, but Ill pay the price for convenience and the chance to stick it to conglomerates.
4	Now that the original owners are back at this location, all is happy!  This is not a gourmet establishment but for what they serve (lunch deli), they do a great job and offer friendly service.  The seating is ample, they have both indoor and outdoor along a pond.  Their BLT is fantastic, never scrimping on the bacon.  Though it would be nice to have a food establishment be more creative in an office park, I realize the costs are likely prohibitive.
