2	If they could only figure out how to take phone orders without putting people on hold for 6, 7, or 8 minutes or more, they'd be doing well. This Domino's is very close to my house and when I get a craving for their new, rather yummy, thin crust pizza, it's just easier for me to drive up there and order.  But then I'm relegated to sitting in the very drab waiting room.I wouldn't necessarily recommend this location too much after sunset. They've had some issues in the parking lot (shootings and the like).
1	I just called to order carry out and asked if they had any deals. They said they only have deals Monday through Wednesday. As today is Saturday they claimed not to have ANY deals. I know full menu price at Dominos is crazy expensive so I hung up and called the Dominos I usually use at University and Country Club. I asked them what deals they had and they named off about 10 specials. I hoped this location would be good as it was on my route for running errands. If they can't remember that they always have specials I wouldn't trust them to make a pizza. Going to the other location that was our of my way was worth it.
1	I don't order from this dominos anymore.  The reason?  I could never get off hold whenever I called to place an order.  I have to drive 6 miles each way out of my way to pick up from another domino's.  One time I left my phone on speaker just to see how long I would be on hold.  I hung up after 10 minutes.  Terrible.
3	Online ordering, nice delivery driver, fast delivery BUT do NOT order the "boneless chicken" these are merely poor quality chicken nuggets. I would have rather bought mcdonalds chicken nuggets if that tells you anything. Other than that they're okUpdate: I called the location after noting that my cheesy bread had no cheese in it. The manager is sending out a new order along with an order of regular wings. I believe in second chances. Thanks Justin!
5	Years ago I quit going to dominos due to poor quality and lousy service... This location has made me a customer again. The food is so good , and the delivery so quick, I can't believe it's the same place.
