3	Location. Location. Location. This hotel is directly across the street from the Peoria Sports Complex, Spring Training home to my beloved Padres. Restaurants abound and there are other attractions in walking distance.The decor is in process of being modernized and the projected "look" is pretty bright and cute. It will be nice. As is, it does the job of being a comfortable, clean place to spend the night. The breakfast is plentiful, but it is not satisfying (too much sugar). We supplemented with the nearby restaurants.We'll be back for sure... unless they build a hotel inside Padres training camp!!!
3	The best part of staying at this hotel was its location. It is literally near everything you could possibly want... Target, Super Cuts, Ross, A zillion restaurants, nail salons, etc. If it wasn't 103 degrees outside, we could have walked just about anywhere. No matter where we needed to go over the past two days, we arrived before the air conditioning even cooled off the car. Here's what was great: the service was fabulous! The people we had the pleasure of meeting at the front desk were beyond nice. They were both helpful and cheery and even funny. The breakfast was a-okay. I'm not one to take down a huge plate of eggs and bacon, so the yogurt, juice and muffins was just fine for me! The beds were super comfy... almost as good as mine at home! And finally, the swimming pool! Although there were about 4 million kids in there, it was a blast for all of them. The pool was big enough to fit a bunch of cannon-balling kids as well as plenty of space for parents.Here's why I took off a star... something is seriously wrong with the engineering of the bathroom door!!! Our bathroom had two doors that swung together (like full length old western tavern doors) and a latch flipped over to hook them together on the inside. Well, my 12 year quickly figured out that by sliding the hotel door key up through the crack in the doors, you could very LOUDLY unlock the bathroom doors. The bonus... one would swing open! I was the first victim and nearly fell off the toilet. My son was next (I was the prankster this time!) and may be scarred for life. For TWO DAYS anytime one of us was in the bathroom doing anything, someone scared the heck out of you trying to be funny. It came to a nearly debilitating peak this morning when my daughter flipped the latch, snuck in, and dumped a bucket of icy water on me in the shower. She then yanked the curtain open and I nearly fell out trying to tackle her to the ground! Ugh, although seriously funny, all of this could have been avoided with a simple door knob.
2	For the price we had to pay to stay here (min. $193/night), we expected a bit more "customer-oriented" services, much like we get in just about every other hotel we've stayed at.  They do not provide any guest services publications whatsoever.  We had to go to the lobby to find out what restaurants were nearby, and were handed a list that someone happened to type up for them.  That was it...all it had were names, addresses and phone numbers.  We then asked for a tv listing, and again, were handed another list.  The point is, we had to ask for this information.  The electrical system in our room was totally screwed up.  Trying to figure out how to turn off a set of lights, while keeping one utility light on was a nightmare.  We ended up guessing which plugs to put the lamp cords in to, in order to not have to turn all the lights on/off in the room.  Also, this place is running on one of the tightest budgets we've seen yet.  Paper cups, no soap dish at the bathroom sink, one bottle of shampoo (no conditioner or moisturizer), and a single serving of coffee for the pot (pod-type).The good thing about this place is the location.  It's right across the street from the ballpark, and there are restaurants and shopping within walking distance.
2	One other thing:  The High Speed Internet is NOT, NOT, NOT!  You're lucky if you get 1mps.
2	Dirty room, walls paper thin no fans in the bathrooms. Smelled cigarettes from other rooms.
4	Went out to the Peoria area to visit family and stayed here for a long weekend. Had a really good experience from beginning to end. Clean room, nice size and friendly staff. Enjoyed the outdoor pool and hot tub. Nicely kept property located with in walking distance of numerous stores and restaurants. It was nice to get a call shortly after checking in where the staff made sure everything was ok. Enjoyed the continental breakfast they offered every morning. Doors are a bit thin but didn't have any type of continous noise out in the hallway. I'd go back here without any hesitation. Nice area. Good job La Quinta!
4	Our AC went out on one of the hottest day of the year (114 degrees during the day and 90s at night) and it was unbearable in the house.  We have two dogs and they were quite unhappy as well.  We looked for hotels in the area and remembered some friends stayed at La Quinta before.  One of our main deciding factors to go to La Quinta was the fact that they allowed pets without any fees. As long as you go into the hotel understanding that it's not going to be a 5-star resort, you'll enjoy it.  The check-in area was clean and looked inviting.  The hallways were clean and bright.  The room was standard, but our room had a fridge, microwave and couch (executive suite).  The bed was comfortable (better than my bed at home).  The sheets were crisp and very clean and the pillows were awesome too.  The TV in the room had HD channels and appeared to be a full selection.  Best of all, the room did not smell or look like other pets had been there.  If you're not from the area, it's situated in a great area for food and entertainment.A little downer were the bathroom cups--they weren't glass, think office coffee area but wrapped individually.  The bathroom was quite plain, but I didn't really mind.The continental breakfast was pretty good as well.  Make your own waffles, muffins, toast/bagels, cereal, coffee and juice.
2	Paid $100 bucks for a one night stay.  The full sized beds were TINY.  Two grown people most definitely do NOT sleep or fit comfortably!!  Breakfast was decent. They offer waffles, cereal, juices & milk, some fruit, boiled eggs, yogurt, bagels or bread for toasting.   The pool was nice as well as the pool area itself.  The location is pretty centralized to a ton of restaurants, sports complex, and shopping.
1	Disgusting! Do not stay here!It was very clear the room they put us in was not clean. The sheets were filthy and stained. If everything else in the area is booked, do yourself a favor, go somewhere else.
5	I don't understand there low ratings this hotel has recurved.  First of all its LA Quinta so it cannot compare to a five star hotel.  For this level hotel it is great!  They allowed me to check in 4 hours early.  Pet friendly with no extra pet fees!!!  The young lady at the front desk was very friendly and efficient.  The facilities are good.  Breakfast is standard.  I would definitely stay again.
4	Stayed the weekend of September 12-14. I think LaQuintas usually are clean and have great rates. Our room was clean, beds were comfortable, ( even though they were double beds no queen :( ) the French doors to the bathrooms were adorable, the court yard was cute, the lights around the gazebo had that perfect touch, and staff was wonderful!! We had a working fridge microwave and cool AC in our room.We swam a lot while we were here since it was so hot, and the staff must have checked the pools at least twice a day...I have never seen this happen so often, glad they care enough to check the chlorine levels and took the time to clean them in the early mornings!!! However we couldn't figure out how to turn on the hot tub. The button was not visible at all!Main elevator was slow though...not sure why since the sides ones were fast.Great location, in the middle of several restaurants and shopping..all within walking distance.Plenty of parking, well lit parking too!Definitely will be staying again...
