3	I'm always a fan of festivals, especially so when they have food, and even more so when I score free tickets.The Ciao Italia! festival was held in the Wachovia Atrium - which isn't an entirely bad location since it wasn't a huge festival.  Mostly it's a bunch of chairs in front of a stage which offers a number of presentations (the opera-like singers were crazy good).What was a bit of a let-down was the food.  We happened to arrive fairly late - about 5:30, when the festival closed at 7:00.  As it turned out, that was a good thing, because they were trying to sell all the food so they didn't have to haul it back with them (or throw it out).  That means it was all marked down.  Sweet.Unfortunately it wasn't that great to begin with.  Pasta and sandwiches were just so-so, as they had been sitting in trays all day.  Pizza was rubbery.  Even desserts were average.  The cannoli wasn't bad, but the tira misu was mush.  Glad it wasn't full price.What was awesome was the homemade mozzarella.  Samples served up warm, it was just incredible.  We bought a log - a log, I say - to take home and have later.Other than that it was just vendors peddling their wares, nothing too special.
3	As Chad said, it was nothing too special, which was a let down. I've missed the Italian Festival the past few yrs since I'm usually out of town Columbus Day wknd but when I saw I would actually be able to go this year, I got giddy. A festival celebrating my heritage and good food? Bring it. The Atrium is a nice location but I think an outdoor location would be more appropriate then there could be bocce! I was a little surprised that was the located that it has been in in the past. We walked in and there was a huge stage set up where this one dude juggled for a good amount of time and he rocked then some singing and dancing afterwards. One of the highlights was a cooking demonstration from The Thoughtful Baker, who is based out of Ballantyne and makes gluten free goodies. They had other vendors selling shirts, oils, wines, etc. along with food tents and tables with Italian artifacts and books.The food was decent but nothing exceptional like I was expecting and was more along the lines of Olive Garden quality (meh in my book). I was gonna give it 2 stars but can't diss my people plus some of the proceeds go towards their scholarship foundation (Christopher Columbus Italian Club of Charlotte) I don't know, I wouldn't go out of my way to go again and it didn't seem like a festival in my book, more like an informational fair.
2	Wow, pretty disappointing overall.  Julia pretty much touched on everything, but here's my take.  I had not been to the previous uptown location, but I do know that the Wells Fargo Atrium space would be more conducive to this type of event.  First, we entered from behind the mammoth school/church from Elm Lane, saw no signs, drove around the building only to see people walking to an entrance near where we initially drove in.  There were no signs in the parking lots stating where the festival itself was located and this campus is fairly large with several buildings.  We saw one little sign outside an entrance that pointed to the festival.  We walked in, paid the $2 admission, got a bracelet and walked in.  As Julia mentioned, the first things you saw was a bunch of useless stuff trying to take your hard-earned money like they were the government. In the midst of all of this was a booth to buy the needed the tickets.  I don't like the ticket system either but I understand it.  It keeps businesses from pocketing cash.  We didn't get any tickets there but walked outside into a cramped area where there was another booth to buy tickets.  There were a couple of places here selling food.  They had a table for "carnival food" and they had popcorn and one other thing :(  There was a booth selling fresh zeppolis and those looked tasty.  We got some tickets since I was going to get a slice of pizza and a drink, but the line was way too long and they had one small stand selling all of the food.  The food was also just from NY Pizza and Pasta, so it wasn't like you couldn't get it any other day besides the fact that you could get it any other day fresher and cheaper.  Add a drink cart in the corner, a dessert table, and a bunch of chairs without tables in a small room and it got cramped quickly with no comfortable place to eat.  We just got desserts which were not all that great and some coffee to use the tickets we bought.  The cannoli was decent; nothing else was.I probably wouldn't go back here, even if it was free.  The food isn't good and it's not even worth $2 to enter.  Luckily there is a much better Italian festival each May at St. Philip Neri in Fort Mill.  The pasta is better and fresher there, and they also sell homemade Italian sausages.  They even have bocce ball outside.  So if you want to go to an Italian festival in the Charlotte area, go to that one - not this one.
1	Waste of time and the $2 it cost me because my 4 y/o nephew needed to use the bathroom and I had to pay to get in before they'd let us use it.  The rest of the family came in while we were in the bathroom and basically we had to turn right around.  The lines for food were insane, there was nowhere to sit so that wasn't going to work for my elderly dad.  So we all paid our money to walk in and basically walk out.  Went to Libretto's in Ballantyne instead and had a delicious Italian lunch!
