5	My doctor ordered some blood tests for me and I went to one of the Quest Diagnostics facilities on the list they gave me.  It wasn't one of the crazy ones that required fasting, so I did not scheduled an appointment in advanced and did the walk-in thing on one of my days off when I planned an impromptu medical facilities visit after getting up.I arrived at 3:56pm, and when I searched for this location to do my check-in on the Yelp app, I realized they are going to be closed in 4 minutes.  Oops!!!  But they were super nice and friendly, even though I committed a major faux pas by dropping in as they were all getting ready to leave for the day.  However, every staff that I interacted with were very professional and assisted me as if I was there in the middle of the day.  At least they didn't show their annoyance for me being the second to the last patient to come in.In the end, I was in and out of there in under 15 minutes.  And my doctor did order a lot of tests, requiring a lot of vials of blood to be sapped out of me.  So I am sorry for not knowing the business hours of this location and contributing to the ladies staying after closing time.  However, they were great at their job and showed their professionalism throughout, and deserves a 5 stars review!Wait time:  less  than 2 minutesFilling out patient form:  1 minuteProcedure: about 10 minutes5 stars!!!P.S.  It is recommended that you drink a lot of water before and after coming in to have your blood drawn for tests, your veins will be bigger thus making the procedure easier for you and the medical staff.  And you probably will not feel as tired and lightheaded like I was for a few hours after this was done.
4	What is there that you can say about laboratory office?  This is one of those businesses where it kind of is what it is.  At this quest diagnostic location it's gone pretty smooth for me. I have been here a couple of times with my son and they did a very good job. They are quick they're clean their nice and they don't lose your blood samples. It is what it is.  This isn't the kind of yelp review where I am going to rave about coming back. Obviously it's not enjoyable to get your blood drawn. However in the event that I need blood drawn I'll come to this location.
5	I have to say this had to have been the quickest and fastest Quest Lab or any blood draw lab experiences I've ever had!! And I have to have blood work done yearly because I'm a diabetic. I walked in and signed in at 8:18am. And oh my gosh is was way more packed on a Friday morning than had I expected. So I was already anticipating in my head that this was gonna be a LOOOOONNG. Morning and wait. I couldn't wait to be called to use the restroom so once I was signed in, I asked to use their restroom and she got the cup ready for me to go. So I went to the restroom (did my bizz) and literally as I was walking out of the bathroom, I hear my name being called across the waiting lounge.... It had not even been 5minutes since I signed in. The phlebotomist asst that took my blood was a really smooth stick... Meaning to say I barely felt anything when he stuck me for blood. Normally I don't like to look but I couldn't even tell it was there so we were even able to conversate while he was taking my blood (normally I can't do that) and I'm a Nurse so if I say he did good, he did good! :) thanks Thor! So like I said totally fast quick and easy blood draw experience. I signed in at 8:18am and literally walked out before 8:30a. You cannot beat that kinda service at all!!
5	Very quick. Very friendly. Clean and nice rooms. I will no longer get my blood work any where else
2	Just another run in with Big Pharma! These medical companies treat patients like #s. It's ridiculous. It's all about the money. "Where's your insurance card" "we can't treat without card" Yada Yada Yada!! You'd think they'd care about the patient. Why can't they see you first and worry about insurance later? It ain't like I'm not insured. It's just ridiculous!
