5	Drop and go.I work nearby and we now have this down pat. I drive up... they take my car. Pay for the basics... and wave goodbye. Couple hours later I stop back with a tip for the crew out back. Rinse and Repeat. See ya in three weeks or after it rains. I even bring lunch to the manager every once in awhile to show my appreciation. Thanks guys!
1	By far the WORST wash I have ever received anywhere, and this was a $70.00 service.  I still have stains on my passenger side carpet (which was the reason for getting the shampooing in the first place).  I don't think that they even washed it as they were supposed to.  I had to tell them for 20 minutes major areas that they had missed.   I need to clean all of  the windows myself since they are dirty still and have water spots and fingerprints on them.  The guy I arranged everything with was nice and assured me everything would be perfect.  I told him if I was going to pay so much I was going to be very picky.  He understood and guaranteed it would be perfect.  However, he was not the one doing the work.   I would be upset if I had only paid $12.00, because there are plenty of places that do a much more thorough cleaning for that.  But having paid far more, I feel the need to alert my fellow yelpers to this scam of a car wash.  My car reeks of mildew and the wet seat with whatever they used to clean stained my shorts a yellowy brown color.  Thank God I didn't have somewhere to be after the car wash.  This place is a nightmare!
1	ARE YOU SERIOUS!!  This place is a joke.  Not only do they do a terrible job, but they try to hustle and intimidate you into buying their super expensive detail service, especially Brain.  The constant pressure up-selling I can handle, but when they consistently return your car with water streaks, dirty windows, poorly vacuumed interior (one time they completely missed the sand in my car when they "vacuumed"), then it's time to go somewhere else.  Save your money, and the hassles associated with this place.
1	I hope this review causes pain.  This is the slimiest place ever. I basically had to go home and redo their piss poor work. The first guy and the guy at the register both have future careers selling used mobile homes in Mesa!!!  Everyone please stop going there now so this corner can have a better use for us all...tumbleweeds maybe?
3	It's fine. Did a decent job on my car and was generally quick about it. Guy setting up washes and guy working the counter were nice but other employees weren't too talkative but that doesn't mean they were rude. A few spots on the car were missed in the interior and drying of the exterior. I am sure if I asked for them to be touched up they would have but had to get back to work. I will go back simply because of the speed and two friendly staff memebers.Also had a trunk full of random stuff and nothing was touched much less stolen. Possibly new staff???
1	Well I guess that Groupon isn't worth the paper it's written on. Good Luck with that!!
1	Just recently had my car washed here.  I was very disappointed - the car wash was poor, car was water spotted, and still dirty. I went home and tried to wipe down the car to fix water spots, dirt spots etc - I was amazed at how much dirt was still on the car andf what a poor job was done. Worst I have ever seen. Really just a waste of time and money.
4	I've been going to Danny's Car Wash for some time. Decided to come here for a change and was pleasantly surprised. They did a better than expected job and the air freshener are little square tabs that last longer than the spray that Danny's uses.
1	Look out for these guys. Purchased 3 VIP washes from Deal Chicken and twice when I went to get my car, I was only given the basic wash. Two times out of three. Most people would not pay any attention and leave without knowing. From now on, I will be going somewhere else.
2	I was in line forever (was there for 70min total).  The cleaning job was rather lackadaisical.  The customer service on the front end was rather banal, and all my questions were answered as minimally as possible.  The guy who handed off my car to me at the end was quite nice, but they usually are because they want a tip.  Anyway, I will not be back.
1	If there was a 10th level of hell, I think this place might be it.  We had a coupon for a detail.  We made an appointment but that didn't really seem to matter.  If you get a detail, expect to wait about 4 hours.  But do not wait there.  The "waiting area" feels like the business is squatting in a building that doesn't belong to them.  Abandoned soda fountain.  Parts of the ceiling missing.  Extremely uncomfortable chairs that are obviously designed to urge you to go away.  It honestly reminded me of the limbo waiting room in Beetlejuice.  Except I think that one was more entertaining.
1	If you have any coupons for Arizona Auto Wash I would advise using them quickly. They are selling off and/or closing their locations and have only one left in Maricopa County, namely on Indian Bend Road.Not a big loss however, considering their substandard work.
1	Drove my Corvette from Wisconsin, it was covered with bugs they could not wash it because they could not guarantee the car would be damaged because it was too low. I think the real reason he did not want to wash it because it had to many bugs on it.  Tried to talk me into a hand hand  wash, I turned around and left. Last yr. when it had dust on it, it was OK.   I have many cars and they lost my business.
