5	I started working out with Core Cross Fit five months ago.  In that five months I have dropped 15LBs and 2 sizes.  Prior to Core Cross Fit I had a personal trainer for five years - with little to no results.  This is far less expensive than a personal trainer and much better results.  A no brainer.  It is a great program, the space is great, and they treat you right.
5	Core CrossFit has honestly changed my life. I have never been an athlete or even someone who cared much about health or fitness.... that stuff was for "other" folks. Since starting at core CrossFit with Emily & all the other trainers I have found a new love and joy for working out!! 5 days a week!!! I tear up with joy thinking about how awesome it is!! No one there has ever made me feel like an outsider. In fact i have never been encouraged more. I love it! love it!! love it!!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND A GO AT IT!!!! Emily, Derek, Kim & Tom are all highly motivating & very knowledgeable. If ever unsure of an answer to physical strength or nutrition; the challenge is on to research it!!! .... Good people!!!! (:
5	Great for visiting CFers! :) The staff is attentive/friendly and the members are also welcoming. The gym is clean and well-organized with more equipment than you'd find in a typical Olympic gym (there were also treadmills). They make their own workouts and focus on strength for the normal ones; at their free 9am Saturday classes they adjust the workout to be more accessible for those who don't do CF regularly. If you buy a shirt (for $25), you can drop in multiple times. That was a little pricey to me since I could only go twice, but I wanted a shirt anyway. :) Thanks for the great gym-away-from-gym workouts guys!
5	Great facility, fantastic trainers, wonderful CrossFit experience. Very reasonably priced and I guarantee that you will notice impressive results if you can drag your butt in there a few times a week.Kim is a great small business owner and I enthusiastically recommend this place to anyone who wants a fitness challenge.I still hate you, Fran.
5	I love everything about this Crossfit.  It's the best in the valley and worth the drive- no matter where you live...  Still not sold?  Come to the Saturday workout, it's free to first timers!I love crossfit and I love this gym!
5	Excellent location, smart and experienced trainers, multiple classes each day, and a great atmosphere.Highly recommended for all fitness levels. Show up and don't quit!
5	I go to Lifetime Fitness on my own, however, I found my weight loss goals on a plateau even though I was doing cardio twice a day!  I've seen this place since it's close to some of my favorite restaurants; Nobuo at Teeter House, PIzzaria Bianco, etc...  I read about them online and I saw that many people had only great things to say about them.  They were correct!I've only been here three times total; once to sign-up and twice to workout.  The staff already knows me by my name!  They are incredibly helpful, friendly, and they genuinely care.  I've had personal trainers before but they don't compare to the staff here!  They have  free class at 9 AM on Saturdays if you want to check it out at no risk to you.  You have nothing to lose!  Come check them out!  I've already recommended them to so many people I think this Saturday morning may be packed!
5	Still loving this place and I can't stop recommending it to everyone I meet!  I've gone at least twice a week, sometimes 3 times a week depending on how sore I am.  Soooo awesome.  You feel awesome after every workout and so sore the next day!  But that's what you want!  I still have no idea what everyone's name is here but everyone knows mine!  They're always encouraging each other and looking out for you.  I'm always looking forward to my next session!
5	I love this place.  The first time I came in I was super nervous, and totally on the fence.  I was so freaked out about what I was getting myself into, but Tom helped me chill out and my assessment went pretty ok.And then I started going to classes.  The workout will kick your ass, but in the best way possible.  The coaches and community here is great and I'm so happy I made it part of my life.  I just need to go more often! :)
5	Great place with good trainers. I spent 3 months using this gym as a preparation for a 300 mile bike ride down the coast of california. I had a great time and definitely got in great shape for the ride. If I lived closer I would probably still be going there.
5	I am a new member/coach to Core but I love this place already. I got my start in Crossfit just over 3 years ago and had a great place to work out before joining Core. CoreCrossfit just offers more of what I was looking for so I joined. Whether you're an experienced Crossfitter or new to all of it, come give Core a try and you're bound to see improvements in your fitness, energy and physique. Hope to see you soon!Tupac
5	Visiting any box as a drop in from out of town should always be a fun, exciting, challenging experience and this is exactly the type of atmosphere Core CrossFit has to offer.  The community here is beyond welcoming and the coaches and staff are full  of encouragement and aren't afraid of stepping in to help you improve/correct your form during the warmup, strength, and WOD during your workout.  I would absolutely recommend visiting this box to become a member or visit as a drop in!This is definitely my favorite box in the Phoenix area and will continue to drop in during my visits to see my family in AZ.  You won't regret visiting this family at Core CrossFit!
5	Thank u all for your review I have always wanted to try in but wasA bit afraid but you guys have encouraged me to do so (:
5	I've never done CrossFit in my life, and thanks to Core, I am now obsessed. Everyone that works there is a BAMF. The coaches are extremely knowledgeable, friendly and patient. It surely is an intimidating thing at fist sight - everyone is in beast mode throwing massive weights around like teeny tiny babies. But the whole staff makes you feel immediately welcome and unafraid. Prior to Core, my strength was equivalent to that of a small child. But in just 2.5 months I'm faster, leaner and stronger. I can now confidently fight children. I know there's a lot of incorrect lifting and shitty "trainers" out there, but Core does not fall into that category whatsoever. Megan will roundhouse kick you if you deadlift incorrectly. Santana will answer any questions you have with great accuracy and swiftness whilst providing killer workout music. Preston, who is in fact the human version of Gumby, teaches core, stretch, mobility and HIIT classes that will make you sweat out of your eye sockets. Tupac is straight-up the nicest person in the history of people and Kristi makes you feel like you can tell her your deepest secrets during the brief 10 seconds it takes to sign in for class.I could say a lot more, but like usual, I'm waxing poetic for absolutely no reason. I've never been to any other CrossFit gyms around town, so I don't really have a slew of opinions to give. But when something clicks, there's really no need to go elsewhere. A concept my ex-boyfriend never seemed to grasp.
5	Awesome place to start or continue training. I had an assessment done and my experience was awesome. The trainers are well versed and will adapt to your current condition. If you are interested in starting crossfit then this is the place for you. Good luck!
4	I joined Core Crossfit a few weeks ago and attended two classes.  The coach was great and everyone was really friendly.  Unfortunately I developed some health issues and wasn't able to continue.  I told Kim my situation and she fully refunded me no questions asked.  A bit small and a little pricier than some other places, but that is what you get for the location.  I will be back if I'm able to.
1	"Horrible disrespectful Box. I've been to over 200 boxes and this is the first time I've ever had the trainer not show up. I understand things happen but this apparently was the 2nd time in a week. Don't waste your time here like I did. I could have chosen anot..."
5	Pleasant SurpriseI have to admit going to the gym can be intimidating .  I never know exactly what to do and probably stop in the middle of what would be considered a "full" workout.At CrossFit gym you will never have that problem.  The staff makes a program for you. The trainers at CrossFit want to see you succeed and they truly care about your health and nutritional needs.  The philosphy and attitude at CrossFit is very motivating which helps you get through your workout. The employees at CrossFit make it easy to want to embrace fitness because of the inviting atmosphere.   When your comfortable your more likely to come back and succeed.
