4	Since Mr. K's excellent review, Underwraps has made a few changes. (Hey! Maybe they read your review?) You can now order salads (five types from Asian or Greek to Caesar or Cobb) and the sides to chose from include potato chips (which ROCK and are made in-house), potato salad or pasta salad (they scratched the fries). The grilled vegetable wrap IS tasty: kalamata olives, grilled squash, roasted green peppers, red onion, lemon vinaigrette, but I also really like to do the scrambled egg (crispy bacon, caramelized onion, tomato and melted provolone cheese). They even make it egg whites only for me!I do think a lot of their business is catering... and they've got some good offers. You can serve 11-14 people assorted wraps for just $50! This place is close to where I work and it's not generally too crowded, so it's easy enough to get in and out. I'm gonna round up and give it four stars for taste and convenience!
3	I went over there to try it out for lunch today.  I haven't had a lot of wraps so I don't have much to compare it to.  I should have ordered something with meat so I had at least something to compare it to but no, as I was being adventurous I got the grilled vegetables on tomato-basil. I thought it was was pretty good, but I might have preferred one of the other offerings.  I also got the potato chips.  For some reason I had it in my head that chips made right there would be thicker.  They were however devoid of any staleness you can get with bagged chips.  I will be back again to try something else.On the way over there I was thinking this would be better on a Saturday because it is about 20 minutes in traffic each way from work.  Well, the website doesn't show it yet but they are now open Saturdays!Two pleasant guys were working behind the counter and had several orders going at once even though I was the only one there.  I was greeted by the cook as soon as I walked in and shortly thereafter the person filling orders and such took my order.  The delivery driver was in and out a couple of times while I was there.   Being a nice day out I sat at the outside tables, there was just enough breeze and no sun on the North side of the building to make it feel much cooler than it really was.  If I had been smart I would have pulled a table and chair out in the sun like another person did while I was eating.
1	CLOSED!!!  Drat!!!
