1	On a trip back from Vegas I stopped in this restaurant to get something to eat because I didn't want to eat at a place like Quizno's.  Big mistake.First the service was horrible.  I asked the cashier (no waiters) if I had to take a premade salad or if they would make one fresh for me and she insisted that I had to take a premade one if I ordered it, then the guy behind me ordered one and it was made fresh for him.The salad was alright but still premade for a plane so it had the usual browning of the edges of the lettuce.  The pizza I ordered had a soggy crust and was drenched in olive oil.  To top it off it was piled at least an inch high with raw onions.  My friend got a pizza that had five heaping tablespoons of raw garlic on it.  WTF?  Wolfgang got his start doing upscale pizzas; he should know better.  Where is the quality control?For twenty bucks I could have got 4 subs at Quizno's and each would have been consistently good, but at WPE, all $20 bought me was disappointment and the taste of raw onions all the way home.Definitely skip this place.
1	What a horror.  Stopped by this location in terminal D for a bite.  Before I could sit down I had to clean the table of the debris left by the previous diner.  In addition, the menu contained the remnants of old lettuce and mayonnaise.  This was filth over and above what you might expect at an airport eatery.  I can only imagine the filth in the kitchen if the public eating area was kept in such an unsanitary condition.  It was enough for me to pass on ANY Puck location in the future.
1	I'm sorry to say that this place was a huge disappointment. The drinks at the bar were well made, and thats the only good thing I can say about the place.We ordered a pizza and two soups. The butternut squash soup was ok, but nearly indiscernible from the premade soup available at trader joes. The tortilla soup was lacking in both seasoning and texture. The pizza was the worst, ridiculously greasy and had too much chess and the dough may have been cooked through but was soaked with grease.
2	One of Wolfgang Puck's Express sandwich and pizza chain spots, located in the LV airport. We shared the chicken aioli sandwich ($10). Average ingredients; it's all about the sauce. It would have been much tastier if the bread bun was crispy and well-toasted properly, but then again it is a fast food service. Don't think Puck would have been satisfied.
1	Stopped in for dinner and a drink prior to our flight.  It was the only place open on a Sunday evening at 5:30pm in Term D which is insane for how busy it is.  The food was so so - I had the pizza and it was a bit soggy.  My partner had the salad and it was tasty but looked a tad old and wilted.  We also had double gin and tonics and we couldn't taste the gin whatsoever.  There were no forks in the area so they put a box of them out and opened the top.  They didn't call out our order number so our food had been sitting out on top of the display case for about 10 minutes before I went up to check and see if it was ready yet.  My suggestion is to get food prior to going to terminal D. Stay away from this Wolfgang Puck.
1	awful!!!!
2	Never again.  SLOW, very, very slow. The clerk should have told us when we ordered that it would take almost 45 minutes for our order. Not in an airport!  Pizza was OK, but nothing special - even after the lengthy wait.  I've had much better at other airports, but will most definitely skip the one in the Las Vegas airport in the future.
1	Got a $10 ham sandwich from the airport on Sunday.  Wasn't very good and ended up getting food poisoning the next day.  Thanks for starting my week on a good note.
2	Their Chicken Wonton Salad was ok.Pricey but that's not too surprising being that we're in an airport.Plenty of seating inside and outside.
4	I was surprised at all the negative reviews on here but I've never tried to eat here.  This is my normal stop in Concourse D on my way home.  They make a nice stiff drink here and while it's not cheap it's not over the top for an airport bar.  On this day, last Thursday, we waited until we saw a table open up.  The bar was jammed and the bartender was making drinks as fast as she could.The YS was holding down the table and our carry on luggage at the table as I went up to the bar.  I placed an order as she checked my ID for legal age and then informed me that she would need to see the ID of the other person drinking.  Hey, I get it there are cameras watching her every move, gotta go by the book.  I went back and got his driver's license and that was good enough.  I said, "See he's old enough to know better, too."  She said, "Yeah, that really takes the fun out of it doesn't it."  Heehee.Two drinks and under $25 with tip.  I'll be back again.
4	Maybe the food sucks like the others suggested. But with my late flight back home, this was the only place open around and I really wanted a Gatorade. I got my drink and I received service with a smile. So to me, this place delivered.
1	This Wolfgang Puck Express (WPE) is an embarrassment to the Wolfgang Puck, and even the WPE brand names. NEVER COME HERE!The restaurant was completely empty (shocking), with two cooks sitting idle during the downtime. As one of the only two people in the restaurant, I order a pizza to go, and take a seat while it is freshly cooked for me (or so I expected). One of the cooks gets up, and starts to make... something. I know a pizza can take a while to cook, so I take a seat and relax. Finally, 20 minutes later, the chef in the kitchen calls a number... it's not mine. It's a sandwich... for the other person in the restaurant. The guy who ordered this sandwich was sitting at the bar getting drinks from the bartender. He was so drunk he couldn't walk all the way to get his sandwich, so he starts leaning against the walls dragging himself to the counter. He obviously can't make it back to the bar with his sandwich, so the bartender helps him carry it. When he sits down to eat his sandwich, he falls out of his bar stool, and pulls his sandwich down with him. It lands on his face... juicy side down.After waiting 20 minutes, I found out they hadn't even started making my pizza yet. 35 minutes later I actually get it, and it's totally burnt beyond recognition. The service staff told me to fuck off and deal.Awesome. This restaurant should be shut down.
1	Gross! We stopped at the Wolfgang Express in the airport before out flight, only to find out the swanky name didn't measure up to the food or service. Service was slow and rude. Food was premade and extremely unhealthy for no reason. My sandwich was filled with saturated fat and like 2,500mg of Sodium, 105% daily value. I can understand if it tasted amazing, but it didn't. Never again Wolfy. You stay on QVC, and I'll stay away from your restaurants.
3	Salad yummy. Sandwich not so much. 24 dollars for a sandwich, salad and drink. The salad was worth the 10 dollars, sandwich not so much? Shared with the hubby and was enough food to keep us full!
1	I'm talking about the Wolfgang Puck express in gate D.   I ordered a Greek salad and the lettuce looked and tasted like it was a week old.  The tomatoes seemed to have been dipped in vinager for days.  It was disgusting.  Doesn't this company have quality control?
2	The only pros I can think of about this place is that it is very convenient/has a good location near the D gate terminals in the airport and that the bread they use is super fresh. Other than that I found my turkey sandwich to be EXTREMELY salty and the turkey to be far from fresh. I don't expect airport food  to be gourmet but when it's a Wolfgang Puck place, I expect much better than this.
2	needed to get something to eat for breakfast while i was waiting for my plane.  i had chicken sandwich with aioli.  it was alright, not bad and not xlnt, but alright.  i mean its express and at least it wasnt prepackaged and served cold or zapped in a microwave, so its definitely a step above that.  it was more or less prepared by a cook.
2	I wanted to grab a bite before my flight, and this was quite close. I though nice...Wolfy has a fast food place. Neato. Well, the prices certainly reflected the fact that I am a total dumbass and tool for eating at a place called wpe. Unlike holiday inn express it did not make me smarter. What I got was the chicken aioli. Which ended up being slightly mushy, and over cooked. I'm not sure how they managed to do both. I really blame myself for this dining misadventure. The only positive was the staff warned me that there were cheaper places closer by. Funny Lady.....
1	This is a Wolfgang Puck restaurant or his food at least? Ordered a pepperoni and mushroom pizza and wow this is what I get - unimpressive crust and a very oily mess. I know I'm at an airport, but there are restaurants putting out very good fare. And 7 people working to make his food . . . I'll make the extra walk to get a better quality meal when I fly out of here again
