1	So, I walk into C.P. with pockets full of cash, pay my entrance fee and have the following conversation with the bouncer:B: Hello, Sir! Where would you like to sit, table or bar?Me: Bar, I guess.B: (runs to the bar and pulls up a bar stool)Me: Thanks, but I gotta hit the bathroom first (I did, too)B: Tip?Me: What?B: For the seatingMe: I don't understandB: (getting aggravated) Is this your first time at a strip club?Me: This one, yes.B: In Montreal, it's customary to tip the host for the seating.Me: Really? That's kind of ridiculous. (turning to the bartender) Can I get change for a 20? (want to tip the d.ck, but no small bills)B: (most likely not hearing me and getting his panties up in a wad) Ok, that's it. You're done. (takes me by the elbow and escorts me out)Me: I see. Well, f... you, too.*FAIL*Went to competition around the corner instead ("Downtown").  Had great time.  F... these guys and the horse they rode in on.
4	I'm not much of a strip club connoisseur but I have been to this place a few times over the last decade or so and I have been happy with every occasion. First off, this IS actually one of the more classier places I have been to and in my top 3 in the St Catherine Street vicinity. The girls are very good looking and you have quite the variety to choose from. Some of them seem quite talented   : O   ; ) I didn't see any signs but I think it may be a non-smoking bar. Expect to pay for everything. Drinks are WAY overpriced and even water comes in a bottle with a price tag. If you want to drink, do it somewhere else to get your buzz on. Here are the rules: - Bring Cash. This place wont do credit or debit. There is an ATM inside if you run out of cash, but avoid it.  - You may have to pay to get in the door. I think it depends on how busy it is for the night. I've been when it's slow and you have to pay a small fee. - You MUST tip the bouncer. The "recommended donation" is $5. Stick with it and you'll be fine. - You have your choice of locations. Stage, table, or bar. Stage is the best if you are by yourself or with a friend or 2. - Don't leave anything unattended, including your drink. If you go for a lap dance, the Waitress will swoop in and take your unfinished drink. You ARE allowed to bring it with you. - You will have to pay a bouncer to enter the VIP area for a private dance. The fee is usually $5 - Private dances cost $15 per song and the rates are posted on the wall as you enter. Remember....PER SONG. Three songs = $45. BEWARE: The girls may try to hustle you. Don't sit down and let them start until the song starts on stage. Partial songs count as one song. Be sure to count on your own. If you lose count they will know.  - The private dances here are fun since it's a contact club. This means you can touch the girl anywhere you want except between the legs. When the dancers are on stage, they will often get completely naked. In the private dance, they are supposed to keep their bottoms on. If you are lucky enough to have a girl willing to take their bottoms off during the private dance, don't brag about it since it is technically not allowed. My advice is take a shower before you go. Clean customers mean clean girls and if you are really gross or inappropriate, the girl can choose to limit your contact. This club also has a hand sanitizer station. Use it. Before and after. The private dance is in a small booth in a separate room and the dance pretty much happens ON you. - Enjoy yourself but remember, this is a Gentleman's Club. If you become rude, rough, or obnoxious, you will be asked to leave and if things get out of hand, you can be arrested like in any other bar.(o)(o)  \  .  /  /   ^  \
3	We came here after partying at Laboom, lateish Saturday night.Chez Paree is a nice club. It's probably the cleanest, best kept strip club I've ever been in. Lots of seating; nice, warm atmosphere; good music at a nice volume; well dressed bouncers and wait-staff and a good dj.  There are lots of girls, they're all attractive (and natural - I don't think I saw a single pair of fake breasts in the place), and there's no breaks between stage shows. However, I'm sorry to say that most of the stage shows were pretty boring, and the girls on stage looked somewhat apathetic while up there. There was a bachelor party in the club, and a couple of girls put on a pretty entertaining show, abusing the groom-to-be on stage - standard bachelor party fare you'll see in any club (east of Manitoba anyway), but entertaining none the less. None of the stage shows inspired me to drop cash on a private dance though. Cover is cheap ($5), there's a mandatory coat check ($2.25). you need to tip the bouncer to get seated ($5) and drinks are pricey ($9.75?). Table dances are $10 per song or $150 per hour, contact dances are $15 per song or $220 per hour. There's an ATM but just arrive with a good amount of cash in hand. The ladies room wasn't all that impressive - not filthy but not as clean as the rest of the club. The men's room is open, the ladies' room is locked (probably to keep drunk guys from wandering in) - if you need to use it, get the key at the entrance of the club first. If the dancers had been a little more enthusiastic on stage this would have been a thoroughly excellent club. As it was, I was bored and didn't stay very long.
5	Classy and upscale compared to alot of strip clubs in the area.Expensive sure but the strippers in there are some of the best in Montreal period. Avoid the VIP backroom its a ripoff but the lap dances are pretty standard for Montreal. The beer is moderately priced and i was happy with everything.
4	$5 per person entry$2.50 per person coat check$5 per party seating$10 per song table dance$15 per song private dance (touching anywhere but crotch)Get hammered if you must on drinks at Peel Pub first and nurse liquid here.If you don't ask, you don't get.  Ask tactfully.Bring set amount in, ATM expensive fee.
3	Just got back from a bachelor party from Montreal.  We went to Chez Paree on a Saturday night.  The place was way too crowded.  It seemed like there weren't enough strippers for the amount of guys that they let in.  Most of the strippers are hot!!!  The bachelor got a bed dance with one of the strippers.  He told us he wasn't allowed to touch her and it was a 2 song minimum.  We decided to buy him a lap dance from another stripper.  He said that there was a guy charging 5 CAD to get in to the private area where they do the lap dances.  After the bachelor said the lap dance was just ok.  We decided to leave and go to another strip club.
4	Yes..verryy niccee :)
4	I've been putting off my review on this strip club because of the "taboo" nature of it.  But I can resist no longer.  Our party had an excellent experience, but only because we knew the proper etiquette for a high(er) end strip club.1) Tip your seater.  The better the tip, the better the table.  Look at it as an investment.2) The main stage is like a table dance pre-view.  Don't feel obligated to tip the dancers on stage, but you can if you like, especially if you're sitting on the stage (what we term perverts row).3) The dancers make their money off the private/table dances, so choose carefully, see rule 2.4) The dancers will make their rounds after they preform.  It is proper etiquette to complement them on their dance, remember they are performers and it takes skill to spin on that pole.5) When you decide on your table dancer (if you want one) wait until she comes to you, don't go rushing up and grab them.  Most clubs have a no touchie rule.So now that the rules are out of the way... my experience.Service is great.  Drinks were always full, though a little on the pricey side.The performers were great.  Very classy.The atmosphere was comfortable with plenty of leather couches and high back chairs.  Nicely lit, not too bright but not dingy either.I will be back next trip to Montreal if I have the right crowd going.  Going with a group that includes females gets you extra attention as well.  Just sayin'.
4	We came here on a Sunday night and you'd expect this place to be dead, or at least their B-level dancers to show up. This was semi-truthful. We had just ventured from outside of the city from an obscure place, and it was highly disappointing that we had to rush to get back to the city to make at least an hour's worth of dancing. We first had to buy admission tickets at $5 a piece. But after paying we decided to start walking in, but the bouncer was sitting another group. He ran back and yelled us to go stand at the door and wait for him. This initially made me mad as I was not going to come blow a lot of money to be treated poorly and disrespected. But when he came back he apologized and was very nice, so I guess it must be a security issue. I ended up tipping him $5, as he sat us right on pervs row. The talent here wasn't too bad, I'd say for every 10 girls, there were 5 hot girls, granted this was on a Sunday night at 2am. The waitresses were probably hotter than most of the dancers, and they were super nice, courteous, and accommodating. One girl, Mandy, was amazing, I told her that I would buy dances from her for my friend, who's was on his bachelor party, if she can wow him on stage. Indeed she did, not the best looking, but very energetic and flexible. She earned 3 songs. All of the staff were in tuxedos, which I guess makes this place classier than most. There's also a $5 charge for lap dances, which are also full contact. $10 drinks
4	I went in on a Friday night around 10pm, it was not too crowded. After paying $5 cover fee, $5 for the bouncer to seat me. 8.50+1.50 tip for the required beer.  I started to check out the girls. Btw, the bouncer were polite and friendly.  I got a good table one row to the stage. 7 out 10 girls were ok, but 2-3 were hot.  Got a couple dances with big boob blonde Monica for $15 each. Her boob were too hard to be real. She did give good dance for 4 min per song, I put a stop watch on my wrist. Otherwise, they always claim more songs than it was. I gave her two $20 for the two songs, but she never gave me back $10 change. Better to  bring some 10s and $5 bills. As i was going back down, I saw another hot blonde blue eyes, so got a few dances from her, Alexandra. She gave really good dance and her boob were natural C cups that feel really nice.  And she was honest and gave me back changes, but I gave her back as tips anyway. I prefer her honesty than just take it like the others. Too bad lap dances were not fully nude, they keep their pantie on, and No touch on the croth area as a rule. Definitely will go back for Alexandra again, but no much for Monica who doesn't even let your face get close to her breast.  The whole experience were enjoyable, mostly from Alexandra.  Good dancers made a big different for the club. The overall experience were better than others places.
4	Let me try to tackle the tall task of writing a non-sleezy review for a gentleman's club. I enjoyed my experience here. I really did. Came here for a friend's bachelor party. Despite what others say about kama sutra, etc etc, I believe that THIS place really is the definitive Montreal experience. Even though, I did not partake in the festivities upstairs, the show was genuinely enjoyable. Came here around 5pm for an early show. Girls were still gorgeous and one of them definitely gave us a flash dance moment with the pole acrobatics. Seven o'clock arrives and you start seeing some drop dead gorgeous tall model types appear. Definitely great for some eye candy. Coming from NYC the prices here offer a real bargain.
2	Girls are all right. We just had a few drinks there out of curiosity. Not extremely interested in this kind of art or service whatever you call it. Coming from a non tipping culture i find it ridiculous that even the coat check in lady asked me for a tip just for giving me the ticket. Then the bouncer tip was okay since i was told beforehand. Even in the bathroom there's this guy trying to rip you a buck or two off by pouring you the liquid soap and rolling out and towels... I wonder how the guys in the private section got hustled by the girls as said in other reviews. Oh yeah, forgot about the expensive drinks and the pushy waitress. Maybe i'm just too poor to get in there.
