4	My boyfriend and I have taken his clothes to Ann's for alterations twice and had good experiences both times. They did a nice job tailoring a new suit he bought for a family wedding. Then we took in his American Eagle corduroy jacket to get the sleeves adjusted, and were pleased with the results. If you're in search of a trusted tailor, try Ann's.
4	Ann's or Anna's? i guess they both work.So when i was in need of a suit alteration before a friend's wedding, i searched Yelp and decided on one with several positive reviews. Fast forward and as i'm en route, i go to look up directions and find the place. Later when i get home, i realize i went to Ann's Alterations when i initially had planned on going to Anna's Alterations. Fortunately, Ann's does a fine job as well. Hemmed the pants and brought the suit jacket in a little based on the lady's recommendation. i like things tight, but it is almost a smidge too tight...i might have to watch what i eat before the next suit wearing event.We've gone back since and Ann's brought 3 pairs of my sexy wife's jeans back into rotation. It is located in the strip by the Harris Teeter. This lot is definitely annoying to get out of at busy drive times if you're trying to go left toward the Park Rd hub of consumerism.
5	I highly recommend Ann's!  I've been going here for almost 5 years and have always been very happy.  The owner is super friendly, their prices are very reasonable and they always make sure I'm happy with the alterations.  Their turn-around time is flexible too.  I needed a rush on a bridesmaid dress once and she was able to have it ready in a very short time period and just charged me a small expedite fee.  They are open until 7pm on the weekdays and until 4pm on Saturdays, which makes it much eaiser to make it by the store!  It is also next to the Harris Teeter at Selwyn & Park, so convenient for combining two trips into one :)
5	I'm really happy with Ann's Alterations. Since moving to Charlotte I think I've been here well over 10x. I come in to get jeans/slacks altered. They're super friendly and always get it right. I haven't had a single issue with alterations. The have it ready for you pretty quickly and the prices are very reasonable. I will continue to bring my jeans/slacks here. Definitely recommend!A+
5	Awsome job Ann, and very friendly place. I moved here from PA and have been here many times. Their price is very reasonable compared to others, the turn around time is flexible, usually 2 days in my case. I need to hem all my blazers and jackets for work, and they did a phenominal job. (not only hem but fix and tailor it to my perfect fit) You should try Ann's RECOMMENDED!  A+++
5	I am so pleased with the works from Ann's Alterations! They've done an awesome job on my whole wedding. We've been here many times after that. They are very friendly, and my clothes are done on time. Price are very reasonable compare to others that we know of. Very experience, best service in the area.  I highly recommend Ann's Alteration for all your alterations need!
5	I took a bridesmaid dress to Ann's and let them know I was in a bit of a time crunch for an out of town wedding for a dress that needed a lot of altering. They were super accommodating to me and did the altering in just a few days! Very friendly and clean environment. I couldn't have asked for a better experience!
5	Extremely friendly service and always timely. I love chatting wth the nice Vietnamese lady in front Basically made my oversized suit fit me and hemmed my pants in addition to slimming the leg. Also very reasonably priced
