5	The morning cashier (withholding her name, yelp rules and all) is wonderful. She always remembers me and is very friendly.
4	The parking lot is quite literally a death trap but otherwise I generally really like this location. I am dangerous like that. They are usually pretty good about not destroying your prescription, which is neat. I'm not a fan of the line that is a semi-permanent fixture in their pharmacy, but I've seen it not be busy.They don't keep Sudafed behind the counter anymore, so if the pharmacy is closed I guess you will just have to kill yourself with cigarettes. I mean really, does it require a masters degree in pharmaceutical science to take an ID? I accept that when I purchase Sudafed I am going to be treated like a narcotrafficer. I try to pretend I'm an awesome mafioso, but I'm actually just an allergy ridden loser whose sinuses are exploding her head. I don't appreciate the corporate fool who decided that Sudaphed should not be available in the store at all. Because of this the "friendly neighborhood drugstore" is basically just an annoying disappointment store that wastes your time. If you have allergies, that is.
1	Every time I come here the pharmacy is packed and they only have one or two people working. Always have to wait 30 min or more to pick up a prescription.
1	We have never had a problem with this pharmacy before, until today.I recently had an insurance change, meds had to be reapproved. Simple enough? No. Between calling the dr, insurance company and the pharmacy repeatedly, we deduced the pharmacy was falling short. So, let's move on, everything is straightened out, approvals are communicated. I finally pick up the meds, only to find two of the bags were of the same medication.  I go back to get the 2nd med and return the other. I get a lecture of what the missing med is for and it's different uses. I am also told that the meds were picked up already, I cannot fill the script again.  No they were not. One med was a liquid, the other pills.  All I have in the bags are pills.  When they realize what happened, the pharmacist offers to quickly fill the liquid med request. But in the process, one of the pharmacist assistants finds the correct bag of medication and gives it to me. It had been ready to go all along. They had given me incorrect meds. Not good practice if you ask me. With all the medication available in a pharmacy, this is slightly concerning don't you think?
1	Completely worthless pharmacy! The pharmacy tech was extremely rude and the pharmacist just stood there and allowed it. Went in 20 minutes before they closed and it was completely dead. Everyone was standing there looking at each other. I needed a prescription for my extremely sick infant and they refused to fill it until the next morning. I guess their conversation about Easter was far more important than my projectile vomiting infant.
1	For someone coming from the ER across the street with a prescription for an infant, you would think certain people would have sympathy about trying to fill an order, even if it is 10 minutes BEFORE closing time. I am pretty sure that you can get off your lazy a s s and do your job. They are not in the proper career to stop all work once the closing bell rings. Stay away!!!
3	I like how close this Walgreens is to my house! Great for early morning runs and late ones too! The cashiers are great! Always very helpful! This store is always clean. My only problem with this store is it always is bad at restocking sold out merchandise or re-ordering. I hate going to the grocery store because it's always a madhouse so I avoid it at all cost. So when I am able to purchase them at walgreens it's awesome... If they haven't sold out. It has happened more than a couple of times. So I can understand a time or two but not always. The parking is awful!!!! People waiting for parking spaces, pedestrians wanting to cross, blind spots! Awful design! The pharmacy needs major work! The customer service is thee worst I Have encountered in a pharmacy. The amount they take to fill a prescription is ridiculous, and chatter chatter chatter.... I am all for fun and games but not when you have a line outside in drive thru window and a line inside. I have all my prescriptions here but really thinking about moving them due to this. The last thing one wants to do after being Ill is waiting  so long to find out they were talking about something that has nothing to do with work. So unprofessional and unacceptable! I hope corporate looks into this.
1	Pharmacy is a joke , waited in line for 25 minutes with one person ahead if me , 7 cars went through drive through. , gave them my prescription and she asked if I was picking up tomorrow , said no ended today 4 hour wait ?? Really for amoxicillin and pain medicine ?? Went to smiths down the street done in 20 minutes .
1	Walgreens pharmacy is not very competent. They completely messed up my prescriptions on several occasions. I used them briefly cause it was convenient now I drive out of the way. Do not recommend for pharmacy services. Walgreens in general I would avoid.
5	This place is always such helpful to me The employees greet you when you first walk in the door they are helpful to and it's always nice in the store this is by far my favorite Walgreens in Las Vegas I recommend everyone to come and check this one out
3	My review must be prefaced with the statement that Walgreens is one of my favorite stores.  From the unbelievable candy selection to the unique revolving inventory during each major holiday, this corner drugstore has a little bit of everything.  If you can get past the ocean of blue hair and the overpowering aroma of Ben-Gay, Walgreens is a great place to kill some time.  Who hasn't spent 30-45 minutes wondering the gleaming, waxy aisles, checking out the "As Seen On TV" swag, thumbing through corny greeting cards, and perusing the $5 "collectible" figurines?  But this particular Walgreens is a lump of coal in the shimmering sea of diamonds that this iconic chain of pharmacies has grown to become.Let's start with the ridiculous parking lot.  IF you're lucky enough to find an open space close to the entrance, you better hope you've played enough Frogger to avoid the fleet of amateur Jeff Gordon's racing across the asphalt.  Otherwise, be prepared to park behind the building, where a few poorly-lit parking spaces just scream "MUG ME HERE!"  Too few, tightly packed spots make shopping at this location a major inconvenience.Once inside, the store is just like every other Walgreens you've ever been in - with one discerning and disconcerting difference. This particular Walgreens is staffed by some of the rudest, least-helpful people that have ever darkened the registers in the history of retail sales.I walked up and down the aisles more than 5 times, passed no less than 4 employees (I went by one employee 3 separate times), looking for a specific product.  Not once was I greeted nor was I asked if I needed assistance finding something.  When I finally got tired of trying to find this item myself, I asked one of the staff where in the store I could find this particular product.  Without saying a word, she let out a loud, heavy sigh and began walking away.  I wasn't sure if I'd insulted her, inconvenienced her, or if I just smelled bad and she was filling her lungs so she could hold her breath while she was in my presence.  But like a good puppy, I followed behind her and was led directly to the item I was looking for.  I muttered a half-hearted "Thank you," to which I received nothing in return.  She sighed again, and without a single word, she went about her duties. I approached the counter, and once again, was met by another employee who had apparently told too many lies in his lifetime and had had his tongue forcefully removed.  I jest,  but the cashier said nothing - not "Hello," not "How are you today?," not a word.  He scanned my two items, stated my total as if he was confessing some horrible crime, and sent me on my way.  Now, granted, I have no idea what's going on in these people's personal lives that might possibly be affecting their day at work.  But my assumption is that they're intelligent enough to know that how they treat their customers directly impacts the likelihood that we become repeat customers.  Let's face it - Walgreens is expensive.  I can get the same tube of toothpaste at Wal Mart for $2.00 less.  But I shop at Walgreens for convenience and because I enjoy browsing the shelves for cool stuff.  But I'll gladly save some money and hazard the lines at MegaLoMart if it spares me the experience of being treated like a second class citizen.
