5	Thank you for making our wedding weekend so wonderful! From the moment we arrived everything was looked after for us and the staff were amazing! We can't wait to spend future anniversaries there! Our guests raved about the grounds, the food, the ambiance and the staff. All in all a perfect weekend!Thank you again,Sara and Eric Berman
5	This is a review of both the hotel facilities and the fine dining restaurant.Langdon Hall represents the epitome of the Relais & Chateaux experience. From the moment I drove up to the entrance, I was greeted by a pleasant young man who offered to take my bags. Check-in was a breeze although a touch before the 4p.m. check-in time, they suggested a stroll around the property. The Langdon Hall property is stunning, a tennis court for those itching for some exercise and a pool for lounging. The rose and vegetable garden were a joy to stroll through. While only about an hour outside of Toronto, it felt like I was transported to B&B in Napa.Strolling back into the main house, I was informed that my room was ready and my bags were already waiting for me in the room. The thought did cross my mind that the room was in fact ready when I initially checked in, but they wanted to provide an opportunity to peruse the property and to stow my bags in my room along with a lovely package of biscotti. The room was fantastic and spacious overlooking the rose garden in the cloister section of the property.Now onto the main event - FOOD!While some people love celebrities, I love chefs. And with Jonathan Gushue as the Master Chef at Langdon Hall, I knew I was in for a treat.Settling down, I was handed the menu along with a hefty wine list. Being the only somewhat drinker in my party, I was disappointed to see only full and half bottles on the list. A quick inquiry produced the wines-by-the-glass list. Heavy on the Ontario wines, I selected a 2008 Tawse Chardonnay. I will have to note though that the sommelier, while pleasant, quickly disappeared once she realized that we were not going to be consuming a significant amount of alcohol.Chef Gushue's tasting menu features the freshest from local purveyors and his vegetable garden. While it was tempting, I had my eye on a few items not on the tasting. Instead we opted for mid-course to share. Orders placed, a basket of bread with in-house churned butter. Amazing fresh bread paired with even better butter. Let's just say I polished off an entire basket and used the bread as an accompaniment to the butter rather than vice versa.For my appetizer, I selected the Butter Poached Lobster which tasted amazing and surprisingly light and fresh despite the richness of the lobster. I also conned one of my dining partners into sharing the Smoked Ham Hock and Foie Gras Presse with me as a mid-course. It arrive plated separately and was topped with a rose water liquid. Chunky, soupy and delicious it was the perfect balance of saltiness, sweetness from the rose water and creaminess from the foie gras.I'm always opposed to ordering two of the same thing at a restaurant, so when it came to ordering main courses, I had to flip for the duck breast. I lost, but ended up winning with the most delicate delicious lamb dish ever. Sourced from a local lamb farm, the lamb lacked the gamey flavour often found in New Zealand lamb and tasted almost like veal.Now onto the best part of the evening. As the diner who discriminates based on dessert menus, Landon Hall's had me intrigued. Torn between two dessert, the kitchen as a testament to their Relais & Chateaux level service managed to create smaller portions of two desserts. Arriving on the same plate separated by a chocolate "fence", the Baked Chocolate Mousse was dense and rich with fresh strawberries providing the necessary touch of juicy tangy-ness. I have to say the strawberries tasted as real strawberries should and definitely made the dessert. But the epic, mind-blowing other half of the plate was the Milk Chocolate Silk with Caramel Corn and Sweet Corn Ice Cream. Silky smooth chocolate with crunchy, chewy, slightly salty caramel corn was easily the best dessert I've ever had. Words cannot describe how amazing this dessert was - don't walk, don't run, beam yourself to Langdon Hall for this dessert. As if that wasn't enough, on the way out we ran into Executive Chef Jonathan Gushue. Chef-struck as I was, I stammered as I tried to convey my thanks and amazement of the meal. If he minded my stammering nonsense, he didn't elude to it as he handed me his personal business card and invited me to e-mail him the next time I planned to come. Hopefully next time I'll leave my stammering-self at home.
5	There is an undeniable rustic elegance about Langdon Hall that you feel immediately upon entering the grounds and driving past the vast expanse of finely manicured lawns en route to the covered entrance.Unlike many hotels of today Langdon Hall seems completely unique and separated from the world beyond. And this is a positive attribute. Every room is unique and different from the next. Fireplaces abound. Small sitting nooks and exposed beams in the guest rooms add a certain charm you won't find in any large chain hotel - despite their best efforts to replicate the feeling.The grounds are really spectacular and warrant exploration. I didn't do nearly enough as I was there for work but the short walks were worthwhile and I only lament not having time for further constitutionals along the grounds.The food is absolutely top notch. Many of the fresh herbs and vegetables are grown on the grounds which is interesting but only if the quality is high. And I can assure you the quality is the highest. After three days at the hotel I ate a fair bit and nothing (short of a foie gras beignet) was short of delicious.There is also a spa at the resort which I didn't get the chance to use but if it matches the quality of the hotel and the food I'm certain it's not disappointing.Overall, if you're looking for a place to get away from the world, relax, be surrounded in luxury, be pampered by an ultra attentive staff this is the place for you.
3	Full review blogged.  Good, not great.  Highlights below.The Why:  The Number One hotel in Canada according to some sources - Five Diamonds, Relais et Chateau Rated, an off-the-beaten path gem, and an ever changing menu crafted by Chef Jonathan Gushue focused on the best local ingredients available - it seemed a perfect way to end our trip spanning from Toledo to Montreal and back.The Service:  Elegant and formal but decidedly lacking the polish and charm of many similar restaurants I was actually somewhat surprised by the fact that only a single captain and server were working the room that evening.  Perhaps an effect of the season or low number of diners there were periods where water went unfilled, plates sat empty, and presentations were bobbled that I simply would not expect from a restaurant of such stature.Lavender White Hot Chocolate:  Generally not a fan of floral flavors this was highly recommended by our server and actually quite excellent, a light perfume of lavender with rich smooth sipping chocolate.Dressed Rabbit with duck liver mousse and Endive:  In my opinion the best bite of the evening, this complementary amuse was perfect - the lean tartare of rabbit melded together by the creamy foie gras while endive and crisp onions kept it vibrant.House White and Wheat Bread with Salted Aged Butter:  A top ten all time bread service, particularly considering there was only two options - the quality here was in the butter.  Rich and decadent - literally as flavorful as an aged cheese and as good as many in Paris I really have no idea how much of this I ate, but I do know the bread was replenished twice and the butter thrice...and I don't think the ladies were responsible.Potato Fondue, Basil, Herb Chips, Sallers:  This was awesome - probably more butter than potato and beautifully accented with the herbal elements while the crispy root vegetables added texture.Lobster, Partridgeberry Jus, Baby Beets, Parsnip, Red Onion, Rainbow Chard:  My aunt's selection and everything the cod tongue could have been - perfectly executed lobster in a vegetal melange that reminded me of the cuisine out in northern California in terms of its freshness, refinement, and balance.  At times bitter, at others earthy, but all the time with a slight overlying sweetness that played off the natural flavors of the shellfish.Roe Deer, Chickweed, Venison Bacon, Navet, Mustard Greens, Sunflower Crumble, Natural Jus:  My selection - served medium-rare by Chef's choice - was small in portion but impressively lean and perfectly gamey, but even cooked perfectly still a bit dry.  Having bathed other proteins in sauces and broths it is hard for me to determine why Gushue opted to go with largely dry accoutrements on this plate given the natural leanness of small deer but all-in-all it was a poor choice, particularly at a $44 price tag.Dark Chocolate Toffee Bar with Coco Nibs, Soused Cherry Ice Cream:  By far the best of the desserts that afternoon, this was dry like a Kit-Kat yet melted like a semifreddo on the tongue.  Bittersweet but bolstered by the intensely sour ice cream everything here from temperature to texture to taste was nicely balanced.Pine Scented Lemon Sponge Cake with Toasted Marshmallow and Citrus Frozen Yogurt:  My mother ordered this for the citrus...she enjoyed it.  To me it tasted much like Pine-sol smells.  Texturally interesting to be sure, but most assuredly not my style.The Verdict:  In many ways befitting of its tremendous accolades I couldn't help but depart Langdon Hall a bit disappointed.  For many reasons a 'destination meal,' including location, sourcing, and setting the simple fact of the matter was that for over $100/pp after tax and tip there were just too many uninspiring courses at too much cost.  While I don't doubt that both the front of the house and Chef Gushue's team in the kitchen can turn out an exemplary experience at Langdon Hall it would be hard for me to guarantee it to anyone based on my one experience and even harder for me to justify a return visit unless I otherwise found myself in the area.
5	We spent the holidays at Langdon Hall and never wanted to leave. The hotel lives up to its vaulted reviews. We love Relais Chateau properties and you feel the warmth of the service experience from the moment you pull up the beautiful driveway.The main house is extraordinarily charming and elegant but warm and welcoming. We had lunch in the Wilks Bar the first afternoon. there are fireplaces everywhere. I got cozy by a fireplace and caught up on emails while my husband and son played pool. I had a fantastic apple cider wasabi sour and my husband sampled some local beer on tap.Lunch was off the charts! Pig Cheek poutine, Caramelized Onion soup, Burratta and beet salad, Fresh halibut and chips, even the kids burger and fries were amazing....Breakfast was more off the same quality. Farm fresh Country Breakfast with locally sourced cheeses, yogurt and Langdon maple granola, house made charcuterie and smoked salmon, freshly baked scones and home made preserves. Pumpkin frittata and Brioche French toast with vanilla bourbon syrup.........AMAZINGThe service everywhere on property was exemplary!Dinner was certainly the highlight of the trip and Chef Jonathan Gushue was in the kitchen. Most of the ingredients are locally sourced and you could see that evident in the flavor, quality and presentation.Some of the highlights were the Digby Scallop soup, Wild lake Huron trout, the Muscovy Duck, and the crisp  Delft Blue Sweetbreads...There was a roaring fire outside the restaurant in the fire pit and it was snowing heavily. the staff organized smores for our son who was in seventh heaven! Several other guests joined in..the perfect ending to a magical evening and a wonderful visit to Langdon hall...
1	Afternoon Tea- Service was painfully slow. Not only were staff about 12 years old and utterly unsuited a $38 afternoon tea level of service but were dreadfully slow (we often went 20 minutes without seeing a server even look in our direction...it took almost a half an hour to go from getting our bill to paying for our bill). - We arrived to the table to find the butter/cream melted in the sun. Literally a pool of go. How can staff not see this and ensure that the jam/cream/butter is not placed on the table in advance of service and/or not left in the sun?- Tea selection was poor (three black teas) - Food was mediocre to uninspired. The scones were dense in a way that scones are simply not meant to be. Overall a very disappointing (and expensive) experience that won't be repeated.
4	This is the place to go if you want to get away. Isolated but with nice trails for walking. A golf course not too far away. The rooms are always beautiful & well kept. I got a room in the cloister wing, not far from the spa. The spa is a bit overpriced than what you would normally find in the city. But at a resort it's standard. Food is always delicious & they have an outdoor pool as well as a nice garden on the property
4	Great food and amazing ambiance. The outdoor patio is wonderful.
3	My wife and I came to this place with very high expectations. We loved Jason Bangerter's food at his times at Auberge du Pommier and Luma. Unfortunately we did not find the same perfection at Langdon Hall. Meals were lacking of harmony, balance and flavor. In general it was a disappointing experience. If you plan to have a sophisticated dinner for $100+ per person look for some other place.
5	We spent two nights at Langdon Hall on a gourmet package. The room was big, clean, well-planned, and very comfortable. The dining room was very handsome, and the food was superb. We had two meals from the "breakfast table" that were as good as any breakfast we've had. The breads and pastries especially were fine. The one three course dinner was great, my wife's halibut the best she ever had. But the highlight was the tasting menu the second night where course after course was simply outstanding. We have had Michelin star meals in Paris; this was equal or better in taste, presentation and quality.
3	Lunch.Pared down menu from years gone by( dinner menu ? Interesting ) Roast turkey or soft egg wi celeriac - ugh ; maybe you have to be there .Beautiful date had tortellini stuffed wi foie gras or stuffed wi liver and Dr. Ballards.And fresh Lake Ontario scallops , slightly fishy , perfectly executed wi mushy pumpkin whatever . Fat boy here had raw tuna : odd , clean nose but again, mildly fishy . Beef rare excellent wi deep flavour.Breath taking wine list. Brilliant friendly sommelier .Pineapple wi coconut ice whatever just good. Plum pudding excellent despite ithaving to be sent back for subzero temp.Service -kind but uneven ; dirty dishes left on table through subsequent courses .    Deteriorated from times gone by( or beholder rose tinted glasses for the past or jaded in the present)? Try dinner?
