4	Awesome place to go and unwind on a Friday night after a long week.  The new owners just recently re-did the place (actually within the last few months).  They removed the wall separating the dining area and bar, and put up a bunch of new flat screen TV's.  For a "sports bar" style place, this place definitely has some better food.  The prices are a bit on the higher side, but they definitely are worth it for what you get.My favorite dish is the cheese tortellini in white sauce...so GOOD!  Their pizzas are awesome too.  Great service by all waiters/bartenders...been going to this place for a long time and have never had an issue.
4	Hit Brad's Place for lunch when the other spot we were aiming for happened to be closed on Sundays. Didn't have elevated expectations but the food ended up being quite good!  It's basically a neighborhood sports bar with a midwest flavor. Vikings, Packers, etc. on the walls. The food took a while to come & trickled out 1 dish at a time. That might have been a function of lack of staff though as our server was all over the place - running food, behind the bar, in the kitchen. I was also probably least affected because mine came first. Was probably another 15 minutes + before the rest of our table was served.So as far as my opinion on restaurants, it's mainly about the food. I can deal with service, delay issues if the food is good. Mine was.I ended up getting the breaded pork sandwich. It was huge. Overlapped the bun by about 3-4 times. It was tasty and the fries were good too. And the rest of the table seemed to like their burgers, dogs & sandwiches.Definitely wouldn't be averse to trying more of the menu if I ended up back this way.
4	Went into this local eatery with about 10 friends on a Sunday afternoon for an impromptu lunch. The staff was very friendly and did their best to get us in & out quickly as we only had and hour before we had to head back to a conference. The waitress took our orders quickly, and brought our food out one at a time to speed things up. Everyone's food looked good- mostly standard bar fare such as burgers, hot dogs, grilled cheese, etc. The bar itself had a strong Midwestern theme, with Chicago, Wisconsin, and Minnesota sports memorabilia (see photos). Since we were there on a Sunday, they had football going on all of their TVs, so it looks like a great place to chill out and watch some sporting events. They also had an outdoor patio (with another TV) if the weather draws you outdoors. This place is located right at Elliot Road & 48th Street in the shopping plaza with Safeway. Check it out if you're in the area.
3	We've all heard about judging books by their cover. Well, if I were one to judge a restaurant by it's decor, I probably wouldn't have tried this place. Not that it is bad, (a bunch of sports stuff on the walls), it is just a little plain and doesn't give off that "good food" vibe. Sometimes I feel like I just walked into someones game room in their basement. After setting first impressions aside, we decided to order. I have to say, everything was much better than expected. Fried cheese curds & pork chili verde were great. There is not a huge selection on the menu, but if you can handle a HUGE pork chop sandwich (see photo) or a burger, you'll be good to go!  They have Happy Hour from 10:00am - 7:00pm, Karaoke on Saturdays and Trivia on Wednesdays.  Heavy pours on the wine and Saturday Happy Hour. We will be going back for sure!
4	A friend & I visited this quaint little Awatukee sports bar today for lunch & boy was I surprised! This is not your average sports bar menu. Let me begin by saying Brad, the owner is apparently a popular guy in these parts & is known quite well to all the locals. I got a bit lost on my way over and was given directions by three people all willing to help once they found out where I was heading. COOL! OK, back to the menu. I had the Bratwurst Burger, yes I said Burger! This thing was Fantastic! And Actual Patty burger made from ground Bratwurst & Bacon! There I have said it, BACON ground inside the burger. HEAVEN. Although the beer selection left something to be desired, I noticed that they were cooking with allot of beer. Score One For Brads Place! A little beer creativity in the kitchen is always a welcome sight. Sports: Televisions O Plenty & this is definitely a Viking's Bar. Lots of purple stuff on the walls. As I understand, they have every sports package available and there aren't any bad seats(so to speak). The ambiance could be a bit more stylish, but for a local neighborhood they have it down fairly well. Good Local Bar, glad I tried it!
1	Went with friends to Brad's Place, Elliot Rd. in Phoenix on 12/21/2010. We arrived at 6:15 PM and the place was half filled. We placed our food order and finally had to asked where the food was, 30 minutes later. The server said it would be coming up in 5 minutes, the second time she had said that. I finally went to the kitchen ans asked where our food was. The cook(who was dressed like he was homeless and dirty) said 5 minutes but there was no plates on the prep counter. I went back to our table and said, "we are leaving". I do not know what happened at do not care but we went to Keegans on Ray Road and the service was 100 times better than Brad's.
4	I had one the most original burgers I have ever tasted at Brad's Place in Ahwatukee. A bratwurst burger topped with sourkraut and cheese. Add a some pickles and mustard and this thing was incredible. Friendly place and good food... now, that is a great combination.
2	Brad's Place was ok.  My friend had the walleye special, which was good.  However, everything else was just ok.   I'd recommend the taco place two door to right over Brad's - unless all you want is a beer!
4	I went to Brad's Place with some friends just to watch college football on a Saturday morning while on vacation... The bartender was nice and friendly... the drinks were inexpensive.  It was very nice to find out that it's a Minnesota pro sports bar! There were plenty of TVs and they had a patio.  Thanks for the hospitality and I will be coming back!
4	Go Bears!!!
3	I will start with a thought that popped up in my head about Brad's Place. Its a statement that I usually put at the end to summarize my review....So I will start with the end: Brad's is placed ever-so slightly higher on my personal sports bar totem pole simply because they have an AMAZING fish fry. They are, however just average, with nothing to really make note of on the menu they have.By the way, my usage of "Fish Fry" within this review is being considered as an exemplary  example of the usage of the word "Fish Fry"...........I digress..Brad's place isn't in my neck of the woods anymore. Because of this, it will be difficult to reason why to come back here, since it offers the same amenities other bars around town offer. The only dish I have tried from their location is the Walleye Fish Fry they offer on Fridays. It's fresher and tastier than other fish fry options out there. Its hard to get a quality fish fry, let alone one in Arizona, so trying their option really made my day. However, the rest of the place is pretty average, hence the average rating. The rest of the food options don't jump off the page, nor do the drink options, etc. Its a great area location to go for some drinks and to watch a football game or two, but it isn't a must-go for me. I have other options in my area that I'd opt for before Brads....but if you are in Ahwatukee, this is a good spot to watch your weekend sports.
2	probably wont be going back,ok fish and chips, not much beer selection
5	I LOVE this place! It is a small bar owned by a guy named Brad. The best part is, it is a Vikings bar! Go Vikes! I first experienced this place when I lived in Ahwatukee. My friends and I were looking for a good bar to eat at and watch a baseball game. Brad's has a huge menu that can be overwhelming but I always enjoy having a lot of options. I remember ordering the Grilled Cheeseburger. It was two grilled cheese sandwiched with a burger in the middle. It was to die for. I have been back a few more times since then and every time, I have had a pleasant experience. I will recommend this place to people new in the area because I like it so much. I attended the Football UYE this past Sunday and, unfortunately, watch the Vikings lose but had a great time anyway because the bartender/server was great and kept our refills coming. I ordered the biscuits and gravy meal that comes with eggs and breakfast potatoes. It was delicious. Another person ordered the Pork Loin sandwich and it was bigger than the bun. I will continue coming here when I have the chance.Heads up, it is hidden in the Safeway parking lot on Elliott and 48th Street so make sure you are on the lookout because it is a small place.
4	I've never been a sports bar guy. Well... let me stop and rephrase that. I've never found myself frequenting sports bars until I moved to Phoenix. When I moved here, I found that meeting up with new and old friends at sports bars can actually be fun. The key is finding the right sports bars, and Brad's Place fits that bill.So what, to me, is the "right" kind of sports bar? A place where you can go and enjoy some drinks while watching an athletic competition. There are enough tv's to satisfy most, if not all of the patrons, and the service is friendly. Hopefully there's food, Good food is a bonus. If I can get all of that without having to deal with the following then I'm a happy camper:1. Rowdy/Drunk college kids2. Rowdy/Drunk older dude (possibly shirtless with a painted face) who thinks he's a college kid or3. Rowdy/Drunk, defensive D-bags who act as though the end result of a sports competition determines whether or not their steroid dealer is going to stop taking their call and Ed Hardy/TapOut/Affliction will continue to produce merch.Yeah, so basically what I'm saying is that I'm not looking for trouble with anyone, a fight or jail time to result from a trip to a sports bar.Like I said, on my visit, Brad's Place was the good kind. We sat near the bar and for the most part had a variety of football games to watch on the span of tv's. They had happy hour Sunday morning as well. Can't beat that! It's a decent sized place with a patio out front if you feel like sitting outside. On my visit, it wasn't crowded at all. That was great. I ordered the breaded pork loin sandwich for lunch and it was surprisingly very good. It was cooked perfectly so that it was still tender. The breading was crispy, but not over cooked or greasy. Same with the accompanying fries. I would absolutely order it again. If you're looking for the "good" kind of sports bar, Brads Place is the place for you. If you're a person that falls into one of the "bad" sports bar categories I mentioned above... Please stay away from here... and get help.
5	Awesome service, awesome food! The place was packed out and we sat down and got service right away. Drinks and food out fast, and it was delicious. Highly recommend to anyone in the area. I will be back
1	Got here about 7:00 on a Friday night. We had heard they had a decent Friday Fish Fry. After walking through the incredibly smoky outdoor seating area, we arrived at what I guess is their lobby. This place isn't very large, and all tables were occupied. However, as there was no sign saying "Please wait for Seating" or even a host, we just stood around awkwardly waiting for a table to free up. There was a live musician already playing when we got there, and the entire place was very loud. Not sure if this is always a lesbian bar, but it certainly appeared to cater to them tonight, as most of the clientele and the entertainment certainly seemed to be. That's fine, but since we weren't 60 year old lesbians, it didn't seem too welcoming. In fact, we stood in the entry way for at least 25 minutes and not a single staff member so much as even acknowledged our presence. In this time, only 1 table opened up, and that was quickly snatched up by somebody who was already sitting at a table with their friends inside, and thus closer to the newly-opened table than us. Oh well. It did not appear as if anybody actually goes here for the food, as I only saw one or two tables that showed any signs of food...everybody else was just drinking. And taking their time at it. They might as well have sold tickets to their live entertainment because it didn't appear as if anybody was going to leave before it finished. After 25-30 minutes of standing around waiting (we really wanted to try the fish), we gave up and went to The Garage on Warner/48th instead. It was vastly superior in every way to Brad's Place, and needless to say, Brad won't be seeing the likes of us again!
4	I had lunch here with a childhood friend and loved it! It was great! The bartender was always checking to make sure we were okay and never had a problem getting drinks refilled. The bar itself is a nice little sports bar, wall mounted televisions and sports on all the channels. The clientele earlier in the day (noon-ish) was regulars and older crowd but towards the middle of the afternoon younger clientele started coming in. I had the crispy chicken sandwich! So good! I ordered it with onion rings which were perfect but the sandwich itself was so good! The chicken was just as it says on the menu...crispy! It came on a hamburger bun but the chicken was so large it dwarfed the bun! The sandwich came with cheese., lettuce, onion and bacon! Very, very good! So looking to spend a leisure afternoon having drinks with good service and good food, you need to check this place out!
5	I kid you not when I say the food is delicious, the service is the best I've experienced. It's a very welcoming place I would call a second home. 5 stars hands down in my book.
5	Great neighborhood place! Local crowd, small town feel. Get the steak sliders with fries. Their on kings Hawaiian rolls and are yum. And the beer is cheap and they keep it coming. Not a bad place. Try it sometime if you are in the neighborhood.
3	Although the service is second to none! The waitresses and bartender,( Mr love), totally kick ass!! The food,... well lets just say they could use a serious upgrade. Small portions for the price. Not exactly what you think you'd get. If you just want to relax and have a beer, watch a game. This is it! Just dont come for the food...
2	It's an ok sports bar. The placement of some of the tv's is bizarre. Beer prices are fair, and they have a pretty average bloody mary if you show up early for football games. Don't think I'll go back. There's better options in the area.
