5	Alway quick, fresh and helpful. Just how I like fast food. We usually meet up around this area for lunch as it is in the middle of my job and some friends jobs. Carls Jr is one of the places we like to visit. We stopped by for one of their real ice cream milk shakes/malts because the frozen yogurt next to Cafe Rio (first time eating there and it was great) went out of business. I got the oreo malt and it was pretty dang good. Overall I have always had good experience with this location.
5	Best fast food burger! I traditionally get the Western Bacon Cheeseburger, but every once in awhile I get the Original $6 Burger with extra sweet pickle. For a good meal at a great price, make it Carl's Jr.
5	I've been coming to this location for 20 years now! Enjoying a great Western Bacon!!! This is my Carl's JR :)
4	Have grabbed a quick bite to eat hear many times as it's right around the corner from me.Always quick and friendly. Sometimes when I have my dog in the car they even give her a treat.
5	They actually give treats for dogs in the drive thru! That just makes me so happy lol
2	When I came to this location only one girl was working window and front. I literally waited 10min to even get an order and while I was ordering she was trying to make a milkshake and get drinks for the drive thru. I felt bad for her I could tell she was stressed so I bit my tongue. But sadly they messed up my order too. I wanted the new 6 burger with the homemade bun but instead I got the regular bun. Which is the whole reason I went there was to try it. I then had to wait another 10 min for them to get me a new burger. Tip to management: you are running your floor thin and understaffed. You may not have a lot of hours to use cause of a slow location. But experience of customers is key. Plus over working your employees! Get someone else in there to help with the windows so the people who do choose to come in and enjoy your service can actually enjoy it!!!
4	Todays review is about Bisquits Breakfasts.  Carl's bisquits are better than McDonalds, Burger King, and Jack in the box. They are truly outstanding. I was not impressd with Jacks at all..  Mcdonalds is #2, and Burger king slighly behind them.Service was good at the cheyanne,Rainbow location. Person was very friendls, and courteous.
1	This is right around the corner from my store so I go here often to get the guys something to eat. Lately the drive thru has been running slow. This morning was the end! Pulled in and ordered, sometimes their screen isn't working and there isn't a display; this was one of those times but the girl repeated my order back correctly. Pulled forward to wait......and wait.....and wait. 22 minutes later the car at the window pulled away. When I got to the girl held out her had for money; no apology, no explanation or anything.I work in a service industry too but I would never NOT acknowledge that the people in line had been waiting an excessively long time. I asked what had been wrong as I paid and was told the car at the window had changed their order. So why weren't they parked while it was prepared and then brought out to them so the rest of us could get going? To  add insult to the whole thing I was then handed the wrong order. And told it would be a couple minutes to get what I had ordered together. I asked for the manager, told her I wanted a refund. She gave me the pat lame answers that tell me she really isn't management material. "There was nothing she could do about the wait." Got news for you sweetheart, as management it is your job to solve problems, stave off disasters and think outside the box. I know, I started in a fast food place and now I own my own business (different industry but still its service oriented).I am truly disappointed in how this was handled. There are a thousand fast food places, now I wont mind driving around the corner because I wont be going back to Carls JR.
2	This has to be my 2nd favorite location on Fort Apache.. The one on Tropicana is my "Go To" but yesterday I came they the drive thru because all I wanted was a simple order of the new Bacon Ranch Fries and all I can say is I'm sure glad I had a coupon to use because these fries were a flipping JOKE '__' they weren't even worth the $1.25 I paid for them I will attach a picture to show you how it looks like they half made these fries and threw them in the box and said here ya go.. The guy at the drive thru was nice but by the time I got home I woulda spent more on gas trying to return the fries than to chalk it up as a loss.. I'll stick to the Chili Cheese fries and burgers these fries won't be on the menu long I hope they cut this promo short!
3	I stopped by this Carl's Jr for a quick snack during my lunch. I was in a rush and service was fast and efficient. It is located on the corner of Sahara and Fort Apache so it's rather easy to locate and get to from the street.
