4	I followed Dr. Skrocki here from a previous practice. I think Hatfield is perfect! I called this morning at 9:30 and spoke to a PERSON, was treated courteously and professionally. When I arrive for my appointments I am greeted the same way, and my waits are minimal (in other words, I see the doc within minutes of my appt. time.) When Dr. S. comes in the exam room she is not hurried and takes the time needed to listen to me, ask pertinent questions and suggest treatment. I couldn't be happier with Hatfield Family Medicine.
1	I have never disliked a Dr less than Dr. Skrocki. I saw her once and she didn't shake her hand upon meeting me, spoke down to me, used medical terms that are not common knowledge without offering any explanation and pretty much had every flaw that makes people not like doctors. Very cold... I had some testing done and it would be nearly impossible to get someone to call me back or give me results. I was told results were in but that only certain people were allowed to give them to me. I kept calling and leaving messages for several days but it wasn't important to them to take the minute or two to give me my results so I could stop worrying. Stressful situation made even more horrible by the lack of caring or attention. Stay away from this office and Dr. Skrocki!!!!
1	I've been seeing dr. lewis for a few years now.  for the occasional need to treat colds or infections, he just comes in, checks you out, prescribes a drug and finishes within 5 minutes.  what I thought at the time was how efficient and to the point he is ( I hate going to see doctors)....HOWEVER... when I went to hatfield and saw dr. lewis last year regarding my testosterone levels, it was business as usual and he sent me out to get bloodwork done (had to make a co-pay).  went and got blood drawn (cost me another $200 -more than 800 without insurance according to cigna)..when I went back to hatfield (another copay) on the bloodwork follow-up and results, dr. lewis came in and did his usual schpiel and said that the testosterone results were pending and I had to come back (for another co-pay) when the result came in (he requested them from the lab again).  he also gave me a bloodwork order (more money out of my pocket) just in case the results didn't come in.   he also proceeded to tell me about my high cholesterol and other results.  I tried to tell him about my medical history and he didn't acknowledge them because I am just a patient and he was the doctor.  how dare I question his so-called authority!  I left feeling very disgusted.I called the office a few days later to see if the testosterone results were in and they had to request again and give me a call when it arrived.   it is now 5 months and still waiting................................overall score for hatfield and dr. lewis:  1 star ( I couldn't give them zero stars...)
1	I returned to Hatfield Family Medicine, 36 weeks pregnant, after a few years of not seeing a primary care physician. I rarely go to the doctor but have had regular visits with my OB during my pregnancy and he requested that I receive a vaccine from my PCP... I complied and made the appointment with the last office I had been to, Hatfield. When I called to schedule the appointment the girl that I spoke to on the phone was VERY rude, short and seemed to be talking to someone else in the background about something unrelated to my phone call. I gave her all of my insurance information (ID numbers and such) and set a date. I then asked her if my vaccine would be covered by my insurance policy and she bluntly told me that it was my job to find that out, not hers. Fine. On the day of my appointment I arrived 10 minutes early, and signed in. There were 3 women at the desk when I arrived and not one of them greeted or even acknowledged me upon arrival. I gave them my insurance card and photo id when they finally got to me (I was the ONLY one in the waiting room at the time) and was then told, with a snotty attitude, that I needed to call my insurance and have their doctor added to my list as I had been assigned to another doctor. Again, Fine. I don't mind making a phone call, that I can only assume could have been done LONG before my appointment time, if someone would have had the decency to ask me to do so. They could have easily asked me to make the call prior to my appointment instead of snapping at me in the waiting room 5 minutes prior to my appointment because it wasn't done. (I should also mention that I am new to this insurance plan and had NO IDEA that I was even assigned to a doctor, let alone a doctor that wasn't theirs!!) My appointment was in the very early morning, so I partially understand the lack of enthusiasm in the office, but after dealing with the front office staff I am fully convinced that their bad attitude is probably an all day type of thing. I was hoping that I could voice my concern to the doctor, but he too was rushed and seemed inconvenienced by my appointment. After seeing the doctor and receiving the ONE vaccine that I had to go through all this trouble for, I was then left to exit the office on my own and was, again, not acknowledged on my way out, even after stopping at the counter to make sure no co-pay was due. I work in the medical field and can tell you first hand that staff like this in any other office would be terminated... It's a shame that an office built upon "family values" hires such unpleasant personnel to be the face of their business.
