5	The booths are very comfortable, we found the pricing to be reasonable for being on such a nice property.  The service is excellent.  Very personable. If you like middle eastern food this is the spot!  They also have private booths for partys.  We will def be back....
5	This was my last night staying at the brand new SLS Las Vegas and I wanted to eat at one of the hotel's "signature" restaurants. Tapas seemed like a really "LA" thing to eat but Bazaar Meat was booked solid so I made a reservation for Cleo on the TV in the hotel room (nice touch) for 5:30pm, right when they opened. I arrived right at 5:30 on the dot and was seated promptly after the restaurant staff yelled "Opah!" in the back signalling open time I assume.There was a server who saw my California t-shirt and asked if I was from NorCal, and I said, nope, SoCal. He was disgusted. In my head I was like "Eww, NorCal? Get the hella outta here!" Anyway, all in good fun.A guy named Chad was my server and he was pretty upbeat and knowledgeable about the menu except for a little confusion on the Honey Citrus Sidecar on their cocktail menu. It says on the printed menu there's crushed mint in it (which I hate) but thankfully, just a misprint! The cocktail was oh so great with the honey, yuzu and Cointreau really setting off the Bulleit.The SLS has restaurant menus on the TVs in the room too so I already knew what I wanted to order! After looking through a few reviews for the Hollywood outpost of Cleo, I settled on the Hummus, Falafel and Meatball Tagine. I don't have a very sophisticated palette so I didn't want to go too crazy on flavor profiles so I settled on things that looked familiar to me.The hummus came out first with housemade Laffa bread that comes out of the brick oven piping hot in their signature paper bag. The hummus comes garnished with whole chickpeas and olive oil. It was fantastic and I couldn't stop ripping off more bread trying to sop up every last bit of it. The texture of the chickpeas helped to break up the smoothness of the hummus so it was a welcome addition.Halfway through the hummus dish the falafel came out and was a great complement. I usually have falafel on pita bread with hummus so this was perfect. I ripped off a piece of laffa, spread some hummus on it and topped it with a piece of falafel. It was glorious. I could see how someone who was just having the falafel plate would need some sort of sauce or complementary item. The falafel itself comes topped with a garnish of onion on top of some tahini.I thought I could handle two small plates but it was too much for one person so Chad was nice enough to start a to-go bag for me and wrapped it up before my meatball tagine came out! He was really attentive (I guess I was the first person inside so that kinda makes sense) and the busser regularly refilled my water.When the meatball tagine came out I thought I could fit no more but when the server opened the lid, I knew I had SOME room. There were eight relatively small meatballs in a tomato sauce surrounding the softest cooked egg ever! I gently poked a hole in the yolk and started dipping the meatballs in. The creaminess and richness of the yolk were a welcome contrast to the tender meatballs. I really loved the presentation in the clay pot as well. I finished half of it and the busser packed the rest of it up (I think his name sounded something like Orozco).All in all, it was a great experience, the service was great, the food and drink was great and the value was OK (I hate paying $14 for cocktails from "mixologists"). I would come back here for sure! Make sure to get a reservation if you're coming on a busier weekend night, it seemed like it could get extremely busy as the night progressed.
3	I'm pretty sure I was sat at the worst table in the entire restaurant because throughout my meal every single waiter and waitress kept walking behind me. There should not be a table at the end of the marble counter top if that's the area most employees use to walk through. I ordered:Hummus with Laffa bread- too much cumin used as a garnish, hummus was so generic in taste and not smooth enough. Laffa bread came out piping hot in a bag but was bland and I know it used as a canvas but because I did not like the hummus I would have liked for it to stand on it's ownChicken kabob-first one was better than the second. second one was undercooked, luke warm, and did not taste made to order Lamb kefta kabob- cooked well but not enough seasoning to enhance the natural flavors of the lambShishito peppers-did not like that these were whole because I was eating seeds. They were also greasy and the best part was the Parmesan sprinkled on top Watermelon salad- none of the ingredients in the salad were very good. Watermelon and avocado were both over ripe, I liked the flavors they were going for in this dish but they needed to use better ingredients and lay off on the dill Our first waitress had a screechy voice and our second waitress didn't even bring a dessert or do anything special considering it was my friends birthday. The best thing about Cleo is the hobbit house like atmosphere.
4	When we dined at Cleo, they had been open a mere five days. I expected a shaky kitchen, spotty service and a healthy dose of chaos. What I experienced was some of the most flavorful Middle-Eastern/Mediterranean cuisine I'd ever tasted-- brought to our table by a server who's knowledge of the menu was as encyclopedic as she was adorable-- all in a vibrant, exciting atmosphere. Some favorites were the wagyu and pork belly kababs, grilled octopus, mushrooms, brussels sprouts and the duck bastilla-- but nearly everything we had (12 small plates in all) was incredibly flavorful and well-prepared. And don't let me forget the cocktails. We ordered six or seven different drinks throughout our meal-- all superb-- and each one had some little unexpected twist to the flavor profile that paired perfectly with the exotic spices in the food. We'll be back!
5	Where shall I begin. Well first off we had a reservation for 9:00 last night and didn't get seated until 9:45... We were a bit upset but already went into it knowing that it was a brand new restaurant and it was the first Saturday night of they're opening! Once we got seated we immediately got greeted by the manager and he apologized for our wait and gave us two free bottles of champagne for the inconvenience (was there with 7 girls so we were all super happy for that gesture and totally was surprised/thankful)! Now to get to the food... Mann oo man we had about 6 different appetizers and non of us could decide which appetizer was the best because all the food was phenomenal! The food is tapas style and comes out as it's ready so threw out the entire dinner we all raved about the amazing food! Service was unbelievable especially since it's a brand new restaurant, in a good way :)! Each time a server passed our table they topped off our water cups, took done plates and kept making sure we were all doing good! I could go on and on how great this place is! Must check it out :)
5	OMG finally a decent Mediterranean place in town!!! Qualiy of food is great.  You feel the freshness.  Prices are reasonable and service is awesome.  Let alone, the design of this venue is really cool, with the wood burning ovn in the center.  Definitely try it.
4	A nice new tapas style restaurant at the new SLS to add to the mix of Strip restaurants.  Food was good although not exceptional where any one items is a "must have."  We had an array of items including quinoa salad (great flavor), brussel sprouts, meatball tangine, lamb kefta, and dolmades. Flavors were good and all tasted like they use fresh ingredients.  The dessert probably was the best flavor and consistency - the Fig and Almond Panna Cotta with Amaretto.They have some nice private tables where you can draw the curtains and service was very attentive.  The highlight of our meal was Patrick, our server.  He knew the drink and food menu inside and out, offering some great suggestions and engaging all of his tables.  Often, you get servers who just mindlessly repeat what they are told and don't have the ability to ad lib or give insightful suggestions.  I would highly suggest that you request him and would definitely ask for him again. The busser, Nick, never let an empty plate sit more than a minute and was there to constantly fill water.  The manager even stopped by to check on us, which is also not something you see except in fine dining.  For service alone, I would make a return trip.Highlights:  *Great vegetarian options*Prompt service and knowledgeable staff*Good portion sizes*Reservations recommended*Easy to get in and out
5	My girlfriend and I had dinner here last night. Cleo is a restaurant inside the SLS, which has only been open for a little over one week. I mean we had to try this place since my incredibly sweet boyfriend wanted me to go have a friend date... on him   he works there and is making sure I try every single restaurant and bar and club and pool and hotel room. This place is Mediterranean style tapas. I dont know much about Mediterranean food, so our server Netty explained in detail all the items on the menu for me. And let me tell you.. Netty knows her stuff. She is absolutely adorable and sweet and bubbly.. aaaand..I just want to put her in my pocket. Wonderful server, very attentive, and quick with everything. We pretty much ordered everything she recommended to us, everything was delicious. I just wish the portions were a liiiittle bigger bc they were so yummy! We ordered raw oysters, tuna tartare, scallops (that was my favorite), lamb, hummus, something that started with and f.. farafal or something like that? It looks like round fried balls. We also ordered white wine pinot grigio and had dessert which I also forgot the name. But I posted a picture of it. They must have sprinkled crack on that dessert... bc we totally killed it and wanted even more!  Unfortunately we had enough food and wine and cocktails that it felt like our stomachs were going to explode. The entire staff.. bussers, servers, bartenders, hosts and hostesses treated us like princesses. My clumsy friend dropped the a scallop on the floor and they immediately sent us a replacement, someone accidentally brought us an item we did not order so... they said we can keep it and its on the house. Yay!  More free food! One of the host later came up to our table and said he would pay for our dessert this time and for next time as well. His name start with a J... he said we can call him Jaybird. Lol. Cute. Well not just him either. They have a very attractive staff in there. My friend was totally checking out the bartender haha.  So I guess if its a special occasion or something I noticed twice during our dinner everyone started clapping and singing really loudly and screamping OPPA! And then someone got to smash a plate on the ground. Ive only seen that on that movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding... so I guess its a Greek thing..? Well whatever they were doing.. COOL! IT LOOK SO FUN! As far as the prices.. each dish was anywhere between 9 to uh... 15 dollars? I might be a little off. Our cocktail were around 12 to 14 dollars. Our bottle of the white wine pinot grigio, that was about 52 dollars. My check totaled up to about 165 dollars. My experience here was absolutely fantastic. The food and best of all, the staff. I will definetely be returning. Its been a long time since ive had such great service. It makes all the difference for me. Good job Cleo, very well done.
4	Yum! This was a solid 4.5 review, but just wasn't in the amazing 5 category. We were at the SLS for the nigjt and didn't want to venture in the heat. Among the options at the hotel, this was the clear winner on Yelp so we decided to give it a try. Even my skeptical BF was happy! Service and ambiance were great. It's tapas style, so we got the hummus to start, the Brussels sprouts hearts, falafel, lamb Sharma, lamb tangine. The falafel and hummus were both awesome, and BF liked the schwarma and tangine (portions were generous although the lamb wasn't as tender as it could have been on the tangine). The Brussels sprouts were the only dish I could have gone without as they were just too salty with the sauce they use. But overall, excellent!
5	The service and food were fantastic.  I heard this place was good and the Bazaar was limited to late night menu so we tried this place.We ordered a slew of food and everything was good.  I am not even a big lamb eater and that was good.  The sirloin or steak dish was like a party in my mouth.  We had a semi private room at the front and it was just a good time.The naan they give you is some of the best I've had. The only thing I wasn't a fan of is the bday desert I had.  It wasn't bad just not great.  I would definitely do this place over again and again.
5	I came in and sat at the bar with a few friends this past week.  The customer service was incredible!  The bartender that took care of us name is Paul.  He was amazing.  He took great care of us, explained each drink we ordered and even took the time to make drinks upon our request.  Another bartender, by the name of Howse was a sweetheart, as well.  Great conversation with us and recommending things to do during our stay in Vegas.  The manager Steve, was amazing!  & Lawrence (Dylan) and Chef Josh were nothing less than amazing!!!  They brought out dishes for us to try.  It was a really great experience and I am so glad that my friends enjoyed themselves.  We will be back!  We loved the Merguez & Artichoke flat bread, BRUSSEL SPROUTS (A MUST!) & THE SPICY CIGARS WERE REALLY GOOD.  We will be back soon!!
5	I was not impressed with the hotel itself... It smelled funny, parking lot elevator was slow and old... I guess not much has changed since sahara. Definitely not as fancy as SLS @ Los Angeles. We weren't prepared for Jose Andreas' restaurant (financially, lol shame on us) So instead, we explored the casino, and Cleo seemed like our next best option. We decided to walk in, and a friendly hostess seated us immediately. It was around 8pm on Friday night, and the restaurant was approx. 90percent full. I saw a lot of couples, and one bachelorette party group of 10. Sexy exotic ambience with gorgeous chandelier, fire place, and open kitchen in the middle of the floor. We immediately order Hummus and Tahini, because a couple next to us was killing it. (Another couple who saw us eating it ended up ordering the same thing too) A hot and fluffy artisan bread came w/ dip and it was heavenly. I was pretty full off the bread and dip, but we went ahead and ordered some more: garlic shrimp, squid and rice, and one sausage I can't remember the name (lamb). All were uniquely flavored, and reasonably priced. We will definitely come back for more. Hopefully we get to be seated by the kitchen next time :)
2	To make it simple, we were not too pleased that we had to wait 45 minutes for our RESERVATION...
3	Delicious, flavorful food, but the service was not good.My fiance and I decided to check this place out on Sunday night to celebrate our recent engagement. We walked up to the host stand and had to greet the woman behind the desk before she acknowledged us. She asked how many and our first and last name. I asked her if there was a wait and she said no but proceeded to make us stand there awkwardly for over 5 minutes until another hostess could come seat us. I proceeded to tell the hostess we were celebrating our engagement but she must not have cared that much because she sat us in a row of 2 tops in between a single woman and two older women. Needless to say that put a damper on the rest of our dining experience. There were booths and other more intimate tables available all over and so I asked to move to one of the booths and she went and approved it with the front and then came back and moved us. We were not greeted for over five minutes, and then waited over ten minutes just for water! Once our waiter came back with the water we ordered a few drinks and put in an order for some hummus in hopes that it would come out quickly as we were starving. Another ten minutes go by before we received our cocktails. When he came back to drop them off, we told him we wanted to put in an order for our meal and he said he would be right back, this time another 5 minutes go by so with my calculations over twenty-five minutes have gone by with no food. We finally get the rest of our tapas ordered and after another five minutes we received a salad we ordered as part of our meal. Still no hummus, which we saw others around us receiving. Upon delivery of our salad we asked the server who delivered it if she could check on our hummus. Our original server stops by a few moments later and realizes he forgot to ring it in. It was delivered a few minutes later with some apologies. After the initial thirty minutes of our bad service, he seemed to be more involved. I don't know if the guy was panicking with the thought of us complaining but we felt like what was supposed to be a romantic night of celebration for us was ruined by absent minded staff and terribly slow service for a tapas restaurant. We did have some amazing cocktails including the Old Hollywood and the Honey Citrus Sidecar. The hummus with tahini and the bread served with it was warm, toasty and we craved having a second helping. We also ordered the grilled halloumi salad, which was mildly dressed with sweet vinaigrette and the salty fried cheese served with it paired beautifully. The house pickles were a fun snack, the meatball tagine were incredibly moist, had a nice smokey flavor too them and the sauce dipped perfectly into that toasty bread. The vegetable beignet were a good mix of different fried veggies served with a dill tahini sauce, the fig and almond panacotta was light, creamy and the real vanilla bean in it was the perfect finish to our meal. My fiance also had a Turkish coffee which he enjoyed. I wish I could give this place a higher rating as the food was very very flavorful and we loved that we were able to try several different dishes without walking away feeling uncomfortably full. The restaurant itself was stylish, had a great open kitchen floor plan and looked like a great place to have a fun dinner party or an intimate date. However, the delay of good service was disappointing and it would have shown us he realized he had made a mistake if he had asked a manager to take the hummus off of our bill, which did not happen.
4	A must-try menu. If you're looking for an awesome fusion of flavors, diverse staff and waitresses, affordable (for tapas) and an extremely comfortable setting..then this is your place. The menu will cater to any pallet, so don't think it's strictly Mediterranean cuisine.
5	This place is excellent! From the atmosphere to the cocktails they do it right. Patrick was an excellent and knowledgable server. The lamb tapas plate was excellent as were the hummus and the salads. Wine selection by the glass is sparse but Patrick made excellent and appropriately paired recommendations. Great, unrushed dining experience.
5	I literally daydream about this place. Andre was an excellent server and made the BEST recommendations. Try the bread, oysters, grilled octopus, Lebaneh with feta, moussaka, Brussels sprouts, buratta salad, and the lamb tartare. Also, if you haven't had Turkish coffee, try it at least once. GREAT restaurant. Can't wait to go back!
5	Absolutely my new favorite place to dine. Everything was delicious and hot. Service was great in a romantic room. What more can I say.
4	Everything was so very flavorful. An excellent place to eat. Loved everything (especially the lamb tartar and veggies with quinoa) except the duck. It was too sweet and tasted like dessert (churro maybe)Our waiter, Patrick was excellent. He is personable and efficient but not overbearing.
4	The small plates are amazing here. Sausages from a number of different countries, fantastic dips, warm seasoned delicious flat bread, Sonoma lamb, incredible scallops, what a great place. It has an open kitchen, nice ambience, and a good wait staff that is knowledgeable about the food. The prices are such that you can have something really good and not break the bank. We tried all sorts of goodies with wine, coffee, and desserts and still got by for $100 for two of us.I'm a fan.
3	Great food, strange atmosphere and slow service and WAY off the beaten path.I love small plate dining, and the selection and tastes did not disapoint. Everything was delish. The atmosphere of the dining room is odd. felt more like a cafeteria than a fine dining establishmnet. Lots of tables located too close to one another. Also the place was too lit up and bright in my opinion. It was obvious our waitress was new, took a while to come around and take drink orders and did not seem she had knowledge of many of the items on the menu. Also there was no timing to the spacing of the course we ordered. Our first course of small plates came out there there was a 15 minute gap after we were done with our first plates before the second plates came out. Then once the second round arrived we were not more than one or two bites in before our third course hit the table. Summary: All in all the food quality was great, Cleo had only been open a couple weeks so maybe they were just working through some kinks. Straighten out the atmosphere of the dining room and train your servers a little better and this could be a 5-star experience.
4	Great service and food! I think this is a great place to take friends and do something different. It is a tapas style restaurant and some of the dishes are prepared right in the middle of the dining room. My favorite dishes were: Hummus- so nice and fresh and the bread was amazing. FYI- extra bread=$2Borak- Puff Pastry with different kinds of cheese. So tasty and yummy delicate pastyTuna tartare- make sure to mix everything together and eat with the chips. Sooo good! Some Misses were:Spinach and ricotta dumpling- it is missing that X factor and lots of basil! It's okay not too flavorful The Greek salad was a little overdressed. We also had the beef and chicken kabobs which were good! Overall the look and experience is something I would definitely recommend. This is a hit for SLS and I would like to try many more things.
4	Monday was Industry Night here at Cleo, and it's the first one yet.Maybe our server thought she wouldn't be tipped because my table of 6 felt ignored. It took at least 20 minutes for her to greet the table, and from there another half hour to get the pita bread down (with the most amazing taziki sauce I've ever had- so I ordered more). From there the food flowed pretty well. Borack wash DELISH ... Some sort of cheese filled crossaint ... You can't go wrong with that. Taziki was phenomenal Chef Ty is extremely slow (we had a nice view of his station and it was a bit painful..Quinoa salad is really goodThere's a drink called Adriatic Fresh - get one... In fact, get three.After he finally came around, The busser - Nick- was the best part of our experience. Super friendly and just plain awesome. I don't know where he was during the first 30 minutes of our meal but other bussers would come and pick up one thing, or nothing at all. At one point my friend piled dishes on the seat next to her, and I had some on the table stacked, hoping someone would clear it. The food runners should really be picking things up that are overcrowding the table so they can make room for the new items, our runner must've notice how much unused dish ware we had because she told us a busser would be over soon. Note she didn't take a single thing off of the table.They need to really work on keeping tables bussed and unused items out of the way. Maybe throughout the meal drop new share plates... It's unfortunate that almost a month after opening this place is still dis functional. At one point I saw what looked like a customer (because she was in street clothes and holding a purse I assumed she was a customer) completely rip into a food runner. I couldn't tell what was going on but it happened on the floor in front of guests, management, staff... It was so awkward. After making out what she was saying she must've been a manager. It's extremely inappropriate to speak to your staff the way that woman did and esp on the floor! Take it to the back! Poor girl. Regardless, the food was wonderful and the staff seemed happy. Smiles are contagious.You'll get it guys! Keep up the positive attitudes!
5	I am so excited to have Cleo's in Las Vegas as it is definitely my favorite restaurant  in the city. Their food is simply amazing!  We started off with the Lebaneh with Feta and a chopped salad, followed by Brussels sprouts,  mushrooms, a flatbread, chicken kabob, steak kebab and a weekly special of their salmon kebab. I tried the Lotus Flower for a drink and it was so light and refreshing. Everything was over the top. I can't wait to try EVERYTHING on the menu.
5	After an extra wait for my table to be set up (even though I had a RSVP) I must say I really enjoyed Cleo.  The flavorful food and attentive service really made it up.  Cleo is a tapas style restaurant.  All the dishes are in small portions, yet sharable.  If you have an appetite, make sure to order more than plate!  But here's a tip, order a few plates at a time to keep the food hot and fresh.  The dishes come out pretty quick, so don't worry about not having food on the table.What's awesome is the oven they have that pumps out hot fresh breads.  To start, I really recommend the Hummus.  I tried many of the dishes and all of them were superb!  I would also say the pork belly and the kebabs are all worth trying. On a busy wknd, make sure to have reservations!
4	OMG... Was this a shining star in an otherwise horrible casino!!! It deserves 5 stars, but it's in the hellhole otherwise known as SLS & there's NO cell service ANYWHERE! I went last week & would've liked to check in, but alas, NO CELL SERVICE! Anyways, on to my very positive review. We had reservations & were seated immediately. Our waiter was Ricky & he was fantabulous!!!  Everything from the cocktails to the dishes to the dessert was GREAT!!! I have to give a shoutout to the cocktail Clementina - it's sweet, spicy & fabulous just like the food! They are smaller plates, but the waitstaff will try & tell you it's 4-5 plates a person-I THINK NOT! They are larger than the normal tapas so maybe just 2 a person... You can always order more! We had a little of everything from Mezzes to Raw to Salads to Vegetables to Meats & ALL were wonderful, but a special shoutout must go to the Grilled Octopus-it was to DIE for!!! This comes from a girl who HATES to eat Cephalopods, but it was like having beautiful bites of white steak... I still can't put into words how yummy it truly was!!! We finished our meal with splitting the Sticky Toffee & it was great, too! I really have no complaints other than the location of the restaurant & of course, it's very expensive...over a $100 a person, but well worth it!!!
5	YUM!! Best Med food I've ever had in Vegas. Great service. Chicken Tangine was amazing...excellent Humus and Pita was perfect!
4	Great food!! Great ambience in the little side tables with the great chandeliers. Only complaint was the strange lag time where our waitress disappeared and we really wanted to order more. Other than that, fantastic food! We'll be back!
5	This place is awesome!!!! Everything n I mean everything I ordered was spot on. We had a group of 8 and our servers were on it. The skewers were all great, the hummus was to die for, and the best thing u must order is the bone marrow. Like heaven in my mouth!!!!
3	Cleo is a tapas style Middle Eastern restaurant inside of the new hotel SLS. The ambiance is quite nice. Not to dark, but also not too bright as well.I came here with a party of 3 including me. The wait was around 30 minutes on a Saturday night. Not too bad. We were seated in a huge booth. The seating arrangement was kind of awkward since the table was huge.I'm a fan of Mediterranean food so I had pretty high expectations for this place. We ordered the following dishes to share.Babaganoush that came with warm lavash bread. The babaganoush was extremely disappointing for me. It had a kind of sour taste to it. It tasted nothing like other babaganoush's that I've tried. However, the lavash bread was amazing. Soft and warm like it just came out of the oven. It was so good, that I had to order another one just to eat by itself. I don't need a dip for a bread this good....We also order the falafels which were pretty amazing. These were probably my favorite dish of the night.Other dishes we tried were shrimp kabob, lamb shank, bone marrow, and octopus. Everything was just okay. However my boyfriend really enjoyed the lamb shank. He said it was probably one of the best he's ever had. Our friend was really disappointed with the bone marrow and said that it also had some kind of weird sour taste to it. The octopus was good and tender. Overall, for the price, I think I wouldn't come back here for Mediterranean food. There's so many other places in CA that has authentic and good Mediterranean food for 1/2 the price.
5	Best Mediterranean food I've ever had! Let the server order food for you and I sware it will be the best decision you've made in a long time!
5	I made a reservation for 6 pm and was seated promptly. I had a party of 4, and we loved every bite! We ordered:Spicy cigars (don't let the name fool you, they just have a bit of a kick)Lebaneh with feta with lavash chips - my favorite!Hummus with lafa breadChicken/beef kebabs - which were so tender and mouth watering. Brussel Sprouts - must try.Merguez FlatbreadGarlic ShrimpFalafelSabra chocolate barBaklavaMy entire party was truly amazed with the flavors in the all of the dishes, and the service provided by Cleo. Harold is also an AMAZING singer! It may be a little pricier than other tapas places, but the quality of the food makes it completely worth it to me. We will definitely be back.
4	The food was amazing, the flavors exploded as you ate. I had a reservation and was seated at the proper time. If the service had been better I would give them a 5 star rating, but I had to ask 2 different servers for  utensils and we had to use the same plates for all the tapas. so the sauces ran together not giving you the true flavor of each tapas. I would go back  and try again and I have recommended this to friends.
5	Probably the best meal I have had in Vegas, and that says something. Went with a group of 5 and did not know what to expect. The best I can describe the experience is fusion Med meets Tapas. Started with two dips, hummus and cucumber/yogurt. The pita was great, not too chewy, just perfect. Both dips were excellent.Then we had spanakopita and spicy cigars. Possibly the best spanakopita I have ever had and the cigars were like meat filled sping rolls, everyone loved them.We then had the Brussels sprouts, which even the most carnivorous of us loved. They were crispy shaved Brussels sprouts, reminded me of terrific fried kale I once had at Benny's in Chicago. Our two meat dishes were also great. Lamb tagine with cous cous was both tender and flavorful. My favorite dish, and most surprising, was the duck bastilla, hard to describe but almost like a duck filled Krispy Kreme donut, just incredible.Service was excellent though I do feel they could of done a better job pacing the meal, almost felt rushed as the new dishes kept arriving.
5	Loved the small portions and sharing of all food items. We were promptly seated and a bit over whelmed at first by the menu as we had never been to a Mediterranean restaurant before. The staff was very helpful with explanations and we asked them about their personal favorites. The bread was over the top along with the two dips we ordered. The Brussels sprouts were by far our favorite. Such a unique dish with tons of flavor and texture. Had several different kabobs, all superb. Watermelon salad, beet salad. Very refreshing. Beautiful chandeliers, tables well spaced. Not a fan of the music choices, but I guess it goes with the theme. The staff was very attentive and food flowed flawlessly. Being local, I have to say, I think I found my new favorite restaurant.
5	Went here for a quick dinner while visiting Vegas last weekend. Saw all the reviews on yelp and figured we had to try it....WOW.... These reviews are LEGIT.... Everything we had was top notch... Hummus was amazing (wish they gave you 2 pieces of the nahn bread). Everything we had was really good.. Grilled octopus was the best... Service was A+ through the while meal and not just by the server but by everyone there!!! Not much else to say except try it.... You won't be disappointed. Me and my wife will be headed the the Santa Monica location cause it's closer to San Diego ..... Hope they live up to what we had in Vegas!
4	Very impress of this new restaurant inside SLS Las Vegas; Contemporary and quite chic Tapas style.  Decor is tasty and elegantly put together; Service was pretty good as well. The dishes are perfectly proportioned and delicious...  Watermelon & Feta Avocado, Spiced Nuts, Cucumber salad is a must; don't forget their assorted Hummus and their oyster too. Their pita bread was freshly baked and it was perfect.Cant wait to go back; someday.  Definitely will recommend to anyone planning to visit Vegas.  Glad that we got to try this during our visit.
5	Let me start with WOW!  I've been here twice now and I would say this is by far the best place at SLS and for sure on the map for one of the best Mediterranean places in Vegas .  The watermelon feta salad is for sure a must have. I would describe as perfection at its best.  The Brussel sprout leafs amazing another must have.  Of course no meal is complete without a good drink. The Old Hollywood is a perfect mixed signature drink to complement your meal.  Also tried the lamb tartar which is on my favorites at Cleo as it melts in your mouth with all the flavor that leaves you wanting more .   I have had the pleasure of having the same server both times and it's horrible I can't remember his name. However I will get it and put it in here as he is awesome!   Good for groups or a date night this place will not disappoint!
2	While the decor is inviting and the smells coming off the front grill station create an inviting atmosphere, the food and service do not measure up and were disappointing given the hype about Cleo. With only a couple of exceptions (we ordered over 25 items so we cannot be faulted for trying a good portion of the menu) the food was under cooked, served luke warm and devoid of any true flavor - certainly lacking in Mediterranean freshness and taste. Price points were reasonable. Would not return.
5	WOW! Love this place, I'm still sitting here and I couldn't wait to write a review...Food is awesome, great service (we set in the bar) and fine cocktails!If you love food, you must try this place!
4	This place is very good. Great. Just two very minor and easy to fix things: the music and the beer list. The music is way too loud and the beer list is too short. But the food, service, decor, and food (yes I said it twice). Is amazing.
1	Waited almost an hour to get our food and then it was cold!!  Kitchen staff needs some organizational help.
4	Great place for vegetarians and carnivores alike. Ordered about 15 vegetarian dishes which were all amazing except not to impressed with the mushrooms. Wine menu is lacking but the Syrah from Morocco was fruit forward and full bodied. Delish.  Friends had some specialty cocktails that they enjoyed. Will definitely be back.  Try the Kale pizza. No joke.
5	Delicious! I was in tonight because of the 50% off locals offer-genius! Everything was really really good! Our server Jessica was fantastic and always checking up on the table! I highly recommend the hummus appetizer and scallop entree. My one complaint would be that the scallops came out cold but they were delicious anyway! Highly recommended!
5	Every time I walk past Cleo, I must pause for the most intoxicating smell that wafts into the casino. I have been dying to try it- no better time to try it than the new SLS promotion of #socialsundays. 50% off a different restaurant for locals! (On Sundays). I was seated right next to the big wood fire oven and OMFG the smell of like garlic and flatbreads was hypnotic.As many of the restaurants at The SLS, plates are meant for sharing, and I thought you get a lot more than the usual tapas size. Plus, the prices here (even if it wasn't the special locals promotion) were very good- between $7-$15 for plates. The cocktail menu was very unique and delicious. The one I had was the clementina. It's was citrusy and spicy. It complimented my meal so well.The food was perfection. Everything I had was kissed with roasted yummy goodness. The warm bread for my hummus - omg soooo good.Plus- I had the greatest server ever- Jessica. She asked if there was anything I didn't like (olives) and made sure she left them out of everything I ordered.She really cared about making my experience great and I felt that. I felt like I was British royalty visiting Egypt for camel races and was truly delighted by my most decadent meal. (When you eat here, you can pick your own fantasy).I will be back, Cleo!
5	While I would not say this is one of the best meals I have had, I will say it was one of the best for the money.  Very trendy, mediterranean tapas style restaurant.  Open kitchen, in the center of the restaurant.  Food, service, and atmosphere were all very good.Main reason I am giving this restauran 5 stars instead of 4, is the value.  We had a table of 4, we all had too many dishes, plus a couple desserts, and cocktails.  This all came to only $50 per person, which in most LV places similar, would be $100+ per person.  We will definitely return
5	Loved the service., atmosphere and food! Brussels sprouts and clams with noodles were awesome! We loved it so much we want back the next night!
5	This place is so great! I had a reservation for 7pm and was seated pretty quickly. Their tables are very cool, higher than most and beautiful marble. The atmosphere is warm and comfortable. The drinks were delicious!Things to try Hummus and flatbread Scallops Lamb skewer Overrated:Chicken skewer Spinach and ricotta balls The Honey citrus sidecar martini is amazing!!! I don't usually like whiskey but this drink was awesome. Their lotus flower is great too.
5	If you don't look close enough you might just pass this great tasting place. Overall the food, service and prices are very good. Very polished and great service with affordable prices on the strip is what makes new restaurant on the North End of the strip. Server was very attentive and drink never went empty. Hits: Cucumber & Yogurt dip with fresh baked flatbread. Lamb Tagine / Tender chunks of slow braised lamb served over a sweet couscous.OK... This is without a doubt the best thing on the menu... Brussels Sprouts that have been flashed fried with Garlic. They taste like potato chips. I am not joking these things are very addictive. Price for the sharable apps run $7-10Same on sides.Most expensive Tagine ran $16 for the lamb, most of the tagine hover around the $13 mark. If you go and share with a group you will not leave hungry.
5	SPEECHLESS!!!!!!!! THE FOOD WAS FAR BEYOND AMAZING. It was my first time ever trying Mediterranean food and for sure won't ever be my last. everything was perfect. I highly recommend to try their Scallops, Oysters, Meatballs, Lamb, and most def. for dessert their Sticky Toffee Pudding.
1	Decor is quaint.  We had a bad experience here though .  As we where being seated, we passed 5 open booths.  hostess sat us down at a wobbly table, so we asked to move to a booth.  she pointed at a row of 4 occupied booths, told us to sit here and wait for one of them to open up.  Waitress showed up twice.  once to take order, and once to give check.   food delivered by other staff.  as for the food.Tasteless for the Asian / middle eastern pallet.  no rich flavorsTea -  from a tea bag.  bottled water -  smaller than usual bottles.  can fill up 3 guest glasseschicken tangine - served skin on, very tender but no taste.lamb shwarma -  street vendors in london do better job  roast lamb.  get 5 pieces of tenderloin sliced -  no taste, very gamey taste that comes  from it being of a certain quality.  high quality lamb does not have that much game tasteoverall, not going back.  better middle east options in town for fraction of cost.
4	The scallops are to die for. The service is amazing. The scenery is beautiful. I'll be back again.
4	Delicious and simply amazing food in tapas style and portions. The Brussels sprouts were by far the best I've ever had. Service was excellent as well. Would definitely come back here when I return to Vegas!
4	I was invited to dine at Cleo at the all new SLS Hotel & Casino. I didn't know what to expect having known that the property was the former Sahara H&C. Walking into the restaurant I felt like I was walking into a magazine. Everyone from the hosts to the servers were stunning, tall and extravagant. The restaurant has "Trend" down to the letter. The second we sat down I took in the atmosphere and reveled in the old meets new aspects of the decor, from the beautiful Victorian styled chandeliers to the individualized plates that threw back memories of grandma's fine china cabinet. We were there on a pre-fixed menu which was fine, but what was a bit unusual was the fact that I didn't have a choice in what was served to me. Granted, all the food that was presented to us was extraordinary but if I happened to be a vegetarian, vegan or just didn't like Chicken I would not have been able to enjoy my meal.That being said, the Hummus was delectable and flavorful, the Brussel Sprouts was unlike anything I ever had before (and I don't really care for BS), but what was really impressive was their Flatbread. It was definitely worth the meal.They served us a drink called the 'Vineburry' which took my by surprise. At first it looks gentle enough until you take your first sip. Be warned, this drink is not for the faint of heart. It is infused with Serrano Chili's and therefore has a very strong KICK to it. If you're not into spicy drinks then this is not the one for you.All-in-all this was an experience worth the effort. If you are staying anywhere near the SLS and looking for an exciting dining affair then you will not be dissappointed.
2	CUSTOMER SERVICE = 1.5 out of 5.  FOOD and PRESENTATION = 5 out of 5I loved every item on their menu. For all the seafood lovers, the Scallops and Oysters are amazing. The Lamb is to die for. Service however, is not up to par so please beware. First impressions are everlasting and this wasn't the impression i got from a service stand point. Negative: Was not impressed with the service at all. I had come with a large group on to celebrate my wife's birthday on Oct 17th. Our server started off amazing, but then totally spaced out on us. The worst thing was we never got a birthday cup cake or a group that came to sing for us despite giving a heads up to the staff. We saw other groups get more attention than ours. It was a special moment for my wife and it became totally not special. If we were not rushed to get to a show, I would have spoken to a manager. The other thing that I was not too happy about was the plate breaking tradition. When I had asked, we got an answer from a manager or host stating that they only have a limit of 3 per night, which was hard to believe since we saw more than 3 people break plates ahead of us. Based on my experience, my service rating is a 1.5 out of 5. Vegas is synonymous with customer service in restaurants and for an establishment this large, I would expect more out of them. Positive: The food is amazing. If i were to rate them for food alone i would give this place a 5 out of 5. I would consider coming back to this place; however, my expectation for service would be a lot higher.
1	Woowo I never taste such a bad food!How can you take a Mediterranean food and make it so bad?!?! And the service is even worst. You have to understand it's a tapas restaurant and the dishes are$11-$19 for a mini plates not even enough for one person!
5	When you go to Cleo, you go big.  That was our motto last week as a group of 8 enjoyed all that Cleo had to offer.  Luckily, the SLS is still not very busy, but the restaurants are fantastic.  Cleo is a Tapas style restaurant that has a Mediterranean flair.  It was delicious.We probably ordered about 20 items from the menu, and each was fantastic.  This was one of those rare dining experiences, where you can't go wrong.  If it sounds good to you, just get it.  And, depending on the size of the group, get two.We went to Firefly the previous night, and Cleo brew Firefly out of the water.  I ate with the usual crew, including Mr. Riches.  As we typically have similar ratings for restaurants, Mr. Riches also agreed that this was a great meal.  This may have unseated one of my previous top 5 vegas restaurants.  After working in Vegas for about 4 months now, I have to say that the top 5 are:1) Mix 2) L'atelier by Joel Robuchon3) Bazaar Meat4) Cleo5) PrimeI'm sure that this rating will change as I continue to try different places.  Cleo is def. a place to try!
5	We had one of the best meals at Cleo last night.  The staff and service were excellent. The lamb chap and all the tapas dishes we tried were tasty, creative and all a little different. I highly suggest people watching in the sls lobby as it's like a red carpet for the sexy youngsters heading out for a big night.  See a much different Vegas crowd here like the palms when it opened.
5	Cleo was DELICIOUS!!!  I'm already pondering a return trip to Vegas just to eat the Lebaneh with Feta - a yogurt, garlic dip accompanied by freshly baked bread.  Other highlights were the Chicken Kebab and Brussell Sprouts!  Prices were reasonable and service excellent.
5	After waiting way too long to be initially acknowledged and dying for drinks, I wasn't sure how I could be soothed, but...WOW. Unbelievable food. I mean better than I've had in years. The ambience was sexy, yet casual. The quinoa is beyond expectations and the kale flatbread was also perfect. It was ALL a ten! Excellent!!!!
4	Cleo is a fantastic spot.  Fun atmosphere paired with excellent food.  We had hummus, kibbe nahya, grape leaves, chopped salad and lamb chops.  Each item was excellent quality. The style is tapas so it is a nice way to dine with family and friends.
5	We went here for mom's birthday dinner. The interior reminded me a bit of the riad I stayed at when I went to Morocco. I was excited. They serve Mediterranean tapas.Wagyu Kebob:Tender, flavorful and mildly sweet. It comes with a slightly spicy tomato dip. 4.5/5Falafel:These were excellent. Comes with tabbouleh. Warm and grainy just the way they should be. 5/5Lamb Shawarma:The lamb slices were cooked until they have crispness to them. The lamb's slight saltiness was balanced by the mildly tart tahini. This is small (hint: tapas). 4/5Brussels Sprouts:Citrusy vinaigrette with hazelnuts. The Brussels sprouts were crunchy. 4/5Squid and Rice:Slices of squid with rice with squid ink and saffron. The squid wasn't rubbery. 4/5Pork Belly:Crisp on the outside but fatty, tender and juicy inside. Great flavor. It comes with a sna cup of pickled veggies. 5/5Garlic Shrimp:Peeled shrimps with lots of garlic. I wish I asked for bread to dip in to the sauce with. 5/5Moussaka:The Greek eggplant "lasagna". Careful how much cheese you get or it can get real salty. Rich, creamy, delicious! 5/5Bone Marrow:Glazed and served with mushrooms and grilled warm buttery bread. The marrow just spreads so easily onto the bread. Hello, clogged arteries! Sinful! 5/5Almond and Fig Panna Cotta:I've gotten so bored with pannacotta. But this has nice flavor and texture combinations. The syrup and crunchy figs add excitement to the rather blah and predictable creaminess of pannacotta. 4.5/5The servers, table runners and the chefs behind the kitchen were all outstanding. Excellent service. The manager was going around to make sure diners were enjoying their meal and experience. Mom would've loved this place.Also, if you love Moroccan mint tea, get their iced tea. So good!
5	Great place to grab a quick bite of Mediterranean small plates. Very similar to the LA outpost Food quality was great and our server(s) were on point. They seems to work more as a team here as well as we were checked on repeatedly.
2	I would love to give the hummus here 5 stars it's really that good! However the 2 times I've gone though really deserves 2 stars. I would give the food 4 stars. The service though is slacking big time!!!! The first time I went the server was very awkward and talked wayyy too much. Even went on to say something about not ordering the flatbread because it has "way too many carbs" under his breath. Hello I'm a normal 20 something girl, yes I like to watch my figure, but I freaking love carbs! Thank you! Ha! It also took 15 minutes to get both of my friends cocktails! This isn't even an exaggeration because a lot of the food we ordered was out by the time they got them. As for my exact same cocktail that I ordered somehow got lost in translation. this place had barely anyone in it, I believe this was just the servers mistake at this point (no worries because everyone makes mistakes). What takes the cake though is he tried arguing with me how I never order one when all I did was ask politely where my cocktail was. Okay, so you didn't think I ordered one, but clearly I did, don't argue, just say sorry and go and reorder or order the cocktail I requested. There were a few other incidents with this server, I forget his name, but did not really set the tone for finer dining. After that time I wanted to go back with my boyfriend because venues really do deserve a second chances. (Even third! Sometimes.) The second time was much much busier, after waiting 25 minutes past our reservation time we were sat at a small two top table in the front of the restaurant, wasn't exactly what we pictured, but weren't going to be picky because we just wanted a romantic night! Some commotion started happening with the tables next to us, they looked as though they were setting up for a big party. Then a someone came to inform us that a huge bachelorette party was being seated next to us and wanted to know if we would like to move. We agreed that this was probably best, so we were moved to the chefs counter until another table was available. As the food we ordered at our old table started coming out to the new spot, everything seemed awkward at this point, and definitely a mood killer! We just wanted to be at an actual table eating and drinking the food we ordered!We were finally sat our [final] table and they told us they were moving our food, which they did; but somehow took a bit, and by that time most of it was cold. We were very polite the whole time, but the night just wasn't going as we'd hoped. After the shuffle around the restaurant by multiple servers/ managers/ and hosts. We got the bill and (not saying that they have to) but not even a cocktail was taken care of for the inconvenience. Not that it was expected, but honestly it would have smoothed the experience over  for something as crazy as being moved 3 times in the middle of dinner.  It was my boyfriends first time, and needless to say he isn't as forgiving as I am, and probably will not be back.
4	Yes...Im a fan.  Very good food.  Only gripe I have was the service was slow and I got overbilled me for items and I didn't order.  Since the food was good.  Was okay as I took the leftovers home.
4	One of the three fine dining establishments at SLS hotel. This one is exotic, more affordable with decent portioned dishes for a tapa style restaurant. I have never had Middle Eastern / Mediterranean food, I've always thought it was all meats, turned out there were lots of veggie and seafood dishes, the menu is extensive with many choices for everybody! We skipped mezees and flatbreads, not in mood for lots of carbs that evening, went for some protein and veggie dishes, along with a specialty cocktail and Perrier champagne. Our tapas:Rice ball soup, Brussel sprouts, Grilled Branzino, Alaskan salmon fish kebab, Wagyu kebab, Grilled octopus and Grilled hanger steak. I wanted the Seafood tagine so bad, but they didn't have it that evening, was a little bummed. First time tried kebab, I was impressed, the salmon fish was not hard and chewy at all for a skewer! Very tender inside, so flavorful outside, the hot sauce was bomb, I used it on everything! Hubby's Wagyu beef kebab was very tender and soft too, wow...how did they do that! Since they didn't have Seafood tagine, so I tried other seafood. Branzino was kind of light with crispy skin, I liked it. Our waitress recommended the grilled octopus, said it was a very popular dish. The octopus was extremely tender and flavorful, probably one of the best I have ever had for a very long time, but I hated the sour cream underneath, I didn't like the creamy stuff in all the dishes, but I guess that's just how Middle Eastern food is. Overall I liked the salmon kebab the most among all the seafood we tried. Brussel sprouts worked for both of us, I had most of it, loved it. Hubby had a rice ball soup, I suppose it was a huge rice ball in chicken broth? He liked the soup, left out the rice ball. The hanger steak was so tender and flavorful, perfect in medium rare, hubby loved it with rice. The Middle Eastern style rice looked so dry, tasted even drier, can't say I liked it too much, guess it's just great to go with meats.The food portions were so big for tapas, our waitress suggested us ordering quite a few to share, I even kept a menu just in case. Turned out we barely finished all our food, no room for dessert, the flavors were so rich, we got full so fast, or we were just not used to Middle Eastern food, yet.... My specialty cocktail Lotus flower was a very weak vodka drink, I didn't like it too much, hubby's Perrier was very tasty of course. Our waitress was not very attentive from time to time, it was a very slow dinner, I don't think they had enough servers at the moment, that's weird for a Saturday night. I have yet been to the Cleo in Hollywood, think I will give it a try soon, I got curious about Middle Eastern / Mediterranean food since this meal, very exotic flavors, very interesting, I love fish kebab!
2	The only reason I give this place two stars is because they almost killed me. In my reservation on OpenTable and when I entered the restaurant and when we talk to the waitress we told her multiple times about our food allergies. But somehow she failed to connect that with the chefs.  Two of the dishes we received had our allergies and  one was actually eaten. We had to write an incident report with the SLS and the manager had to handle the situation because the waitress was unable to. She couldn't even list the ingredients that were in many of the food that we ordered.  The busboys knew more then her. On the slightly positive note about the restaurant some of the dishes we ate were very good. The shwarma  was excellent and so were the kebabs. We did not receive most of our dishes because after almost eating a pinenut  that would've killed me I wasn't really that hungry.The management and busboys were excellent in handling the situation. The waitress was an epic fail. I would go back and try the restaurant again but I would make sure that my waitress truly understands what might kill me in my food.
5	We stopped in after having drinks at the monkey bar with my company's owners. Normally food always follows after some drinking and since Umami Burger and their staff completely blow it and embarrassed me after I spoke so highly of them we decides to eat here. Let me just say I truly redeemed myself with this one. The Greek Mediterranean food was excellent the atmosphere was perfect even though we had to split the party into two booths of 6 or 7 people each. The wait staff was great but the best part was everything...except for the Grilled squid with saffron mash potatoes and black rice. I normally love squid and all that but it was so fishy and gross I almost threw up at the table. Besides that the rest of the dishes were amazing. We had the lamb sliders, garlic shrimp, hummus, hanger steak, lamb shawarma, moussaka (oh the moussaka), duck bistilla, spinach and ricotta dumplings, bone marrow, raviolo, the spinnacota pretty much the whole menu and bottles and bottles of Stella Rossa! Wow were those all good can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu.  Everything was pretty much tapas slash family style so order lots to share because  the little that you do get is all so good. Resturant of coarse was hip and trendy but by all means not trashy very up scale but at the same time very comfy. One of the best spots to eat at SLS Las Vegas. If you are considering it just do it you will not be disappointed, just stay away from the seafood selections unless you really want the ocean!
4	Had reservations for 8pm on a Saturday night and we were seated promptly. Overall the place was 90% full. Service - the entire staff was attentive and friendly. Food - it's all small plates / tapas family style here which works well. Hummus with tahini with bread/veggies - hummus was tasty and not too paste-like. The bread was warm, soft, and fresh which went great with the hummus. The veggies were crisp and fresh. Wagyu kebab - 50/50. Half of the meat was tender and soft while the other half was just too chewy. Flavor was good though. Chicken kebab - it was good but the same as any chicken kebab I've had in the past. Watermelon and feta with avocado, spiced nuts, and cucumbers salad - probably our favorite of the night! Super flavorful and very refreshing. Couldn't get enough. Mushrooms with dates, hazelnuts, puffed rice - if you like mushrooms then this is the dish for you. The puffed rice adds nice crunch. The special - lamb shank cooked over 10 hours falling off the bone with pomegranate glaze served over bed of lentils.  - the meat was literally falling off the bone. Super tender and tasty. Fills you up as it is a heavy decadent dish. Sticky toffee pudding - butterscotch, walnut feuilletine, vanilla gelato - nice way to end the meal. The middle was hot and soft which went well with the gelato on top. Not too sweet. Satisfying.
5	I had been to the Cleo in Hollywood and heard that the one in Las Vegas had a different menu.  Some of the items are the same, some are new.  I'm not going to bore you with what I ate.  Just be sure if you go to get the Brussels sprouts. Nobody ever expects they could be so good.
5	I had dinner reservations for a Tuesday evening for 7:00 pm via open table. Once entering the dining room my senses were mesmerized by the aroma of the kitchen and stove which is in the center of the restaurant.  I was seated asap and my friendly waitress took my order for a glass of red wine and having reviewed the menu earlier in my room I placed my order for my tapas, this is what I ordered:The hmmus and tahini served with bread baked from the stone oven - very good Brussel sprouts with capers, almonds and vinaigrette - light and flavorful delicious.Pork Belly - crisp on the exterior with just the right amount of seasoning - tender & juicy.Lamb Shawarma - Not gamey, tender and seasoned with a hint of curry.Grilled Octopus - Celery, potatoes and lemon vinaigrette. Bomb so tender!Clam & Noodle - Awesome finishing tapas - generous portion and so delish.  Fig & Almond Pannacotta - OMG, HAPPY ENDING! Overall the food was stellar, service was solid and the interior decor is sexy and swanky! No wonder this is the top five of reservations made on open table. I'll be returning here again!
5	Beautiful restaurantWarm, friendly serviceFair pricing and proper portionsKibbeh Nayyeh - Fresh and clean, delicate flavors, simply deliciousLamb Shawarma - Tender, well-seasoned meat that melts in your mouthBrussel Sprout Hearts with Hazelnut - fried delightLebaneh with Feta - so good and creamy with one piece of warm home baked breadCan't wait to return!
4	The Skinny: some well executed dishes with some mediocre ones makes this joint a (3.5). Service: our servers were okay but our busboy was freaking amazing! Best busboy ever! (5 stars for the busboy, 3 stars for the servers), value: although a bit on the pricey side for Mediterranean, some of the outstanding dishes are worth returning for (3.5 with a bump up to 4 starred review).We came during the half priced locals deal on a Sunday. Overall as a Mediterranean high end joint, I was a little skeptical if it was going to be worth it.Just FYI, service is a bit confusing. We had two servers check in on us with regards to our table so we weren't really certain who we needed to talk to if we needed anything. In terms of explaining the menu, it wasn't immediately clear how many dishes we need to order as a tapas styled restaurant. So just so you know - 2.5-3 dishes/person depending if you order the mezze (smaller dishes) vs. a larger grilled dish. We tried their hummus with laffa bread, spinach salad with figs, mushrooms with hazelnuts, lamb tagine with harissa, moussaka and duck bastilla.They started us off with some great little puff pastries stuffed with cheese (I think it was feta). Piping hot, the cheese just oozed lusciously from the crisp layers. Really wonderful way to start a meal!Hummus with laffa bread coated in za'taar was good. The hummus needs to be mixed a bit before digging in but the flavors were solid. The laffa bread came hot and mildly crispy in a bag on the table.Spinach salad - also quite nice. I didn't realize that it came with blue cheese (which didn't add anything to the dish) and would have preferred it without. Loved the combination of figs and vinegar dressing. Mushrooms roasted with hazelnuts were the hands down best dish we had that night. The perfectly golden crust along the crunch of the hazelnuts were fabulous. If you love mushrooms, you will love this dish. It is possibly one of the best dishes I have had all year.Lamb tagine with harissa: lamb was quite tender however it was a tad bland for me. Would have been nicer with a bit more ?preserved lemons to give it a bit more acidity. Overall, just an okay dish for me.After this set of dishes, there was lengthy wait about 15 minutes until the next dish. Unlike our server who promised multiple times that our dish was coming, our busboy pretty much made sure we got our dish while keeping our water glasses full and tending to a irate customer who was allergic to nuts who found nuts in her dish. I was impressed with our busboy. He did an excellent job and I wish he was our server instead.Moussaka: ugh! did not like this dish at all. First of all, the dish was served stone cold in the middle.  Second of all, there was too much nutmeg in this dish - making it taste really off and odd. Never had moussaka like this before. We had to send it back.Duck Bastilla: this dish was meh and not up to my expectations. In my opinion, the filling was a too wet for me and spiced correctly (needed a lot more cinnamon). The lack of nuts was also very surprising. I would skip this dish.We finished off with the almond pannacotta with figs. It was okay - the texture was a bit too solid and not quite silky smooth enough. Flavor wise, it was rather uninteresting. I would probably skip this next time.Overall, given the stellar dishes we received, this joint is worth another look. The service we received by our busboy was phenomenal however the servers were sort of lackluster although they did take off the horrible moussaka after we sent it back. 3.5 starred review with a bump up to 4.
4	Loved it here almost ate everything on the menu  very cute inside. Prices are very decent. There's an la location as well.  try this place for sure.
5	fantastic
5	Everything was delicious! The cocktails were so unique and flavorful. I loved all of the different small plates so you could try a little of everything. The borek was amazing. The octopus was surprisingly tender. The vegetarian dishes were so full of flavor that they weren't even missing meat. I will definitely be going back.
1	This restaurant had the most laughably bad service I had experienced in Vegas.  Here is the setup:* large group (10 of us), all local, all foodies, all hungry, but all in a good mood.  * great environment, table, music.Here are the problems, in chronological order:* 1/2 empty restaurants should never take that long to seat someone with a reservation.  6-7 minutes.  and 1/2 empty is generous.* Look, I lived in Spain for a while so I understand Tapas culture.  But menu items showed up so randomly and so far apart that you would almost assume they forgot about us or served other people our food.* They brought us 3 dishes we did not order.  Then they re-brought us the same dish (the 1st of the 3) 5 minutes later as if to say "going twice......"  Is this an auction?* The silverware was cleared, in preparation for what we thought was coffee and dessert time.  Instead, they brought out more of our food.  Coordination / chaos.* The server then asked if we wanted to keep the food out there, and we asked them if they noticed the missing silverware.  So they were a bit matter-of-fact and humorless as if this is normal course-of-business.  "OK, do you want me to bring silverware back so you can finish your last 2-3 courses?"* After turning down the final plates post-silverware clearing, we were presented with dessert menus and set up with dessert plates and coffee cups.  We each ordered dessert.  Then the manager came by 5 minutes AFTER ordering and said "we are sorry, the kitchen is closed. We didn't know you would be staying so long."Some restaurants deserve a second chance.  I used to work in the service industry, and I know that sometimes you can't do anything right.  This was just one of those nights for them. But it was a complete disaster - and it was specifically MISMANAGED / POORLY COORDINATED.  The place has promise, but would need a new GM and waitstaff that care.
3	Best hummus ever!  Disappointed with falafel.  Yummy watermelon salad.
5	I received a $40 food credit for booking my hotel room through Expedia, and Cleo seemed like the perfect place to use it at since they feature tapas at affordable prices. The restaurant itself is dimly lit and has a romantic ambiance. They play some fun Bollywood and middle eastern music which I thought was very fitting. Service was great and accommodating when we asked for a table away from the casino, but tables for 2 in the back are really close together. My cosmopolitan-like cocktail was really good, but my boyfriend's drink was even better. We started with the pork belly and wagyu skewers which were both really yummy. The clam and noodles dish was also very good, but my favorite was the scallops. I'm a sucker for scallops, and these were delicious. I would definitely go back.
4	Mediterranean tapas galore.  Of the many dishes we tried, the scallops & the clams and noodles were my favorite.  The out of restaurant restroom (in the nearby casino) was a little inconvenient but the overall mood of restaurant romantic and cozy...as long as you don't get seated near the entrance which borders some slot machines and gaming tables.
5	Chef Thanawat is the best chef in the world! Cleo is lucky to have him! Every dish he makes is perfection. The hummus is to die for. As well as the scallops and steak kabob. Everything we ordered was mouthwatering!Thank you Thanawat!
5	Great unexpected find. Came to SLS to try another restaurant but it was closed. Walked into Cleo on a gamble. Sat at the bar. Great bartending staff. Try the Old Hollywood cocktail if you like bourbon. Each of the small plates were great. You can easily go into a food coma here. The Shawarma was exceptional. I'll be back. Check it out!
5	Cleo is an outstanding restaurant in the trendy, sophisticated SLS hotel. I received a $40 food credit and thought, why not check this place out? Firstly, the ambiance here is so adorable. From the chandeliers to the silverware, everything in this restaurant gave me a warm Aladdin-esque feel. We were seated in a little private section with drapes all around to give it an essence of seclusion.We were a group of 5 girls and stuck to the mezzes. We had to order two rounds of the grilled octopus topped with fennel with a garlic cream sauce.. it was outstanding! Just enough of a smokey taste but it was still soft inside. We also ordered two plates of the brussel sprouts. They were a bit on the oily side but I loved how they were decomposed and shaved, which gave it more of a crunch and flakiness after they were baked/fried. We had the falafel, beet salad, lamb and chicken kebab, hummus, chicken liver, and the Turkish salad. We loved every bite of every plate.Keep in mind, the plates are small and they are all family style. They bring the food as its made, so they come out individually.For dessert, we had the sticky toffee pudding with Turkish coffee. The coffee is made with sugar, which would have been nice to have known prior to ordering. Regardless, it was a decent shot of coffee. The toffee pudding was good but not memorable.The service was quick and friendly. All of the waiters had a smile on their face and were eager to fill our glasses with water. I am glad I tried this restaurant and am looking forward to trying their other location in Los Angeles!
5	Excellent food. Excellent service. Excellent ambiance.... I could drone on and on gushing to say more, but these few words sum up this place beautifully. I will most definitely return any time I come home to Vegas. Highly recommended!!!
3	I give my review three stars due to the service during our Christmas dinner.  Yes, we were a party of 20+ people but only had one server attending to us.  She also had 3-4 additional tables.Given the amount of people in our party, arranging a custom pre-fixe menu, and agreeing to a food & beverage minimum, one would think our party would get great service.  Unfortunately, that was not the case.   The food came out very fast, before our first drink orders.  By the time we got our first round of drinks, we were halfway done with the meal.  Even at that, they were watered down for Vegas standards.  I did not get the attention for things we needed, ie silverware, extra bread, etc. in a timely manner.  It is the little things sometimes.The positive from this experience was that we had pre-arranged a custom pre-fixe menu.  The food was amazing, from picked vegetables to dessert.  It gives me hope that next time I visit Vegas, I will be able to give Cleo another shot but in a more intimate manner.
5	This restaurant has been in my dreams since I left this place! We had a variety of items and shared between three of us in a party. The drink menu was crafted with care and a specialty cocktail I had there with muddled green grapes was exceptional. We tried first a trio of dips the bread fresh from the oven in its little paper bag was warm and adorable. The hummus, some sort of taziki-ish dip and a carrot dip was all excellent and could've been a meal all by itself. Then the spicy cigars which are a delicately rolled egg roll type meat stick of delight. These are to die for and I could have definitely eaten like 20. Then the lamb on a plate with pearl couscous was one of the most tender and delicious things I've ever put in my mouth. This coming from someone who usually doesn't order lamb because normally I think it can be a bit 'gamey'. This was not in any way. I love the different plate patterns that come out looks like lots of different China patterns and therein tradition of breaking the plates was a happy surprise as there was a bride to be in our restaurant who got to throw a plate down and everyone yelled 'OPAH!' That was exciting! We sadly had no room for the dessert but would gladly go back anytime. We had attentive staff and even met one of the general managers who was very pleasant. Bartenders were amazing at making memorable and unique drinks.
3	Service was good, food is small plate style, so more sharing/snacking (always fun). We ordered six items and cocktails. I had their blackberry vodka drink, very delicious. We had the oysters, they were also good. The hummus and pita were what you'd expect. The lamb wasnt great. The bone marrow was excellent (and they give you quite a bit for what you pay). Overall, I wasnt wowed for Vegas dining, as the other dishes arent even worth mentioning.
5	one of my most favorite restaurants ! if the lamb shank is on special please take advantage its amazing and falls off the bone.... any of their lamb dishes are great though and be sure to start off with the brussel sprouts!! even if you dont like brussel sprouts, you will like theseee ones! the fig almond bourbon drink is my favorite drink especially in the winter itll warm you up ! my other favorites are the octopus, scallops, raviolis, but never had a bad dish here
4	The carrot harissa is made for a sour loving Persian palate, so keep that in mind. It may not be exactly what you want, but if is a good example of how the restaurant does not aim the food at a common denominator tourist, thereby ruining any chances at an exceptional experience.   This place ends up being cheaper than you'd expect. A group of four was well fed for about 90 when we thought the bill would be 120.Everything was well made. I would suggest ordering half of what you want, starting on that half, and then ordering the next half. I was going to write something about how you should keep in mind the order for yourself b/c they just bring things out as they're finished. On second thought, there is no reason to worry about your plates clashing with each other, just enjoy the food.
4	This is essentially a high end Mediterranean tapas restaurant. Small portions, Strip prices (most dishes range from $7-$16). I was a little skeptical about it, but I will say that everything was very delicious and well done. Our server was a tad bit too casual for my taste (I have a bit of an issue when servers sit down next to me to take my order), but she was very personable, friendly, and checked on us often.The decor was very sexy, and would be perfect for a date night. Just dim enough to feel romantic, and very sophisticated. We ordered: Garlic Shrimp, Grilled Octopus, Hanger Steak, and a lamb dish whose name escapes me. They were all delicious and perfectly cooked. Our cocktails ($14) were also delicious. Now, 4 dishes between 2 people totaled just under $100, which did sting a little bit.. You're not going to be full, especially if you go and you're very hungry. But if you're not starving, you'll be pretty satisfied.  A solid choice.
4	When we went, there were only about 90 reviews on Yelp. I asked the hostess and I guess they had only opened two months prior. Their biggest problem, as expertly noticed by my ex-waiter fiance, was the inxperienced system. The hostess was running around doing some of duties that I think runners typically have. Once we were sat, we were ignored for a while. I don't blame them. They were far too busy and there were far too few servers... but it was 7pm and in Vegas, attention to detail is everything.-1 starThe food, however, was largely delicious! Get the kale bread. We expected something bitter, but the creme fraiche made it sweet and savory. It might be the best thing we had that night. We also loved the falafel, but be warned: they are bite-sized. The hummus was great. I was looking forward to the babaganoush but it tasted plain. Nothing to write home about~more cheese than eggplant.Definitely go, but at not at peak hours until they get into the groove of things.
5	Tried about 15 dishes here and ALL were amazing! The seasoning was unbelievable. Friendly service, too.
