2	Again it's Monday; busy studying for exams at Lied Library and I spotted the food trucks lined up on campus. I came across Lobsta Trap and I wanted to see what it was about. The menu was all salads with lobster, running at about $13. I was skeptical about buying a lobster salad and spending that much for it  not being what I expect. The last item on the chalk board menu was a Lobster Mac and Cheese for $6, so I ordered it. It was served on a cardboard container, like the kind you get french fries at fairs, piled high. I saw the guy serve the mac and cheese and top it off with store bought French Onions, cajun spices, chives and a huge chuck of lobster! It looked delish but in reality it was not all that. The mac and cheese was cold, it was over cooked pasta noodles with no flavor or cheese. The tastiest part were the French Onions because the whole mac and cheese needed some salt and it was just clumps of flour. The lobster tasted like imitation crab but it was real lobster! Too cold to be on a hot dish like mac and cheese. Honestly I was once again disappointed by a food truck. The prices were decent for lobster dishes but not decent for what they really are. I do want to try their lobster rolls (lobster sandwich) maybe I'll change my mind, all about second chances.
3	Needed a quick meal in between study sessions at Lied library. A friend had recommended this food truck for their Lobster Mac and Cheese, but I decided to go with the owner's recommendation of a California Lobster Roll. I was initially hesitant because I have a case of the poor college student woes and the rolls run up to $13. This, I think was $12  and had fresh sliced avocado on top of heaps of lobster snuggled in a crunchy, buttery roll. It was pretty good. There was a bit of sweetness to it? I'm not sure if it was the meat or the roll....or maybe even the butter, but something offset the savoriness for me slightly. The whole lobster motif is unique and deserves credit for being one-of-a-kind, but I thought the cost is kind of not "university" friendly (sorry, I might just be a super cheapo). Plus, while I love how crunchy the bread was on the outside, the bread wasn't warm and that totally could have upped its game. Maybe it was cause they were shutting down within the hour and were just selling whatever was left...but nonetheless...room temp toasted bread is def not the business!  I might return to try the Mac and cheese, but maybe after another set of stressful exams.
5	So the prices may not be" student friendly", but who would eat lobster at a "student friendly" price?  The $12 price of a roll is reasonable in comparison to what you'd pay somewhere else.  I also think its great that I can conveniently get a good lobster roll right on campus as opposed to having to go on the strip.  My California style roll was excellent.  The buttery role was piled with juicy lobster meat and fresh tomatoes and avocados. I may not be able to go as often as I would like but I do plan to go again and try some of their other rolls or the mac n cheese.  Oh and the guys on the truck are super friendly too.  Hopefully they stick around
1	Tried the $15 New England Style lobster roll at the Vegas Foodie Fest - what a disappointment ! No flavor, unless you happen to bite upon a tiny piece of celery, and the lobster meat (if that's what it was) looked like imitation crab meat run through a shredder. Not a single chunk of discernible lobster meat. Don't know about the orange tarragon butter - tasted like they forgot the orange and the tarragon part. For $5 I would have chalked it up to just crappy food. For 15 bucks, it's ridiculous. Avoid !
4	I was food truck tasting at first Friday and lobstah sounded good. I thought $13 was reasonable for the roll. I had the New England style which came on a toasted bun. The lobster was full of flavor and plentiful on the roll. I would eat here again and want to try the bisque or mac and cheese next.
4	I attended First Friday on November 1st. After taking the Free Big Bus shuttle I was ready to eat. One of the first trucks encountered was Lobsta Trap LV. Since I enjoy lobster I was ready. In reviewing the menu board there was a number of different lobster rolls. I chose the well known New England style. The lobster is served on a buttery toasted bun and was filled to the top. In 2 words Just Tasty!! Next time I'll try one of the other versions. Lobsta Trap LV - I'll be looking for you around town.
2	I paid $13 for a less than six inch sandwich with a bit of cold lobster clumps and two tiny slices of avocado in the middle. The whole thing was super greasy and the lobster mixture tasted very creamy. Not worth the money. I'm very disappointed at this item and this truck.
2	I am a professional staff at UNLV and decided to try the me love you long time lobster sandwich.  I saw it was $13.00 and thought "okay ill try it..after all my husband is a chef and an advocate of food trucks".  I was surprised to see the sandwich is pretty SMALL (maybe just under 6") !!! it had great flavor and presentation, but for $13, i would expect a 10" or 12" sandwich.  I've read that this price point is not student friendly..but its not staff friendly either!  I think its over priced.   Something in the realm of $10 max would probably fit the university climate better.  Even as a pro staff, I am mindful of the dollar amount spent and the value commodity in return.
3	It's a food truck located in the heart of Las Vegas, how much can you expect? I did like the menu selection, it all looks uniquely made, and features some combinations with lobster that you wouldn't typically expect. I decided to have the lobster grilled cheese, which has bacon, and lobster on it. I was hoping it would be a quick endeavor, as I had to get to class, but since the food was freshly made, it took a little while. It also cost me 8$ which was a little pricey for less than gourmet food. The staff was very friendly, and did apologize for the wait once I was handed my food. I only got to eat about half of it because the taste was just too bizarre for me, however the after taste wasnt bad at all. I would like to go there again to try something other than this item, but for now, the price and wait was not worth the quantity and taste of the food.
1	Would give it a zero if I could.   No prices listed........ This is a scam!    They bait you in and then charge you like crazy!!!!!     I was told that I get 2 lobster tails and then I get 1 tail split in half!!!    REALLY!?!?!?!?!?    Just tell me it's 1 tail!!!!    LIARS!!!!!!     This place is a bunch of bullshit and liars!!!    Skip this place and move on!!
2	Looks like they change the price on their rolls a lot. I paid $16 for mine. I wasn't too impressed with their lobster roll and probably wouldn't try it again. The bread was a bit toasted and too plain, which was fine, but still wasn't to my liking. Like it was half assed done? I get it, its a food truck. I've tried probably every lobster food truck from LA to NYC, and unfortunately, my home town couldn't rank up. Anyway, I was hoping for a regular roll, but there was extra on it. Ehhh...I wanted to try the lobster without all the extra. Savor the lobster, yanno? Oh well. But yeah, since I see the price change on other reviews here, I had to give two stars instead of an average of three.
