5	I came in to look at the jewelry to find a gift for a friend but I ended up getting dressed up by Mahogany and Louis. I love my jeans and t-shirts. It's so simple and uncomplicated. And it helps that my work and friends embraces the simple. But Mahogany and Louis expanded my view on clothing. I tried on a gorgeous Joie Eleanor blouse in Smoke. I loved how it looked but then Mahogany added a belt just below my breasts and it looked amazing. I never thought to add a belt. Actually, I think I own one belt which I haven't worn in years. But it was fantastic and so hard to turn down. I would rarely wear it and it would sit in my closet when it deserves to be worn. I tried on a bunch of black dresses. One of them I needed help zipping up and that's too complicated for me. Also, it didn't look the greatest on me. Prices were reasonable. The attention that I received from Mahogany and Louis was incredible. I would definitely come back especially if I decide to wear more than t-shirts and jeans.
4	Awesome little boutique located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Vegas (also has a CA location and an online store). Nice brands including Herve Leger, Helmet Lang and Rebecca Minkoff, lots of gorgeous dresses and seperates (they also have their own line of clothing, cool jewelry & shoes).  Extremely friendly sales staff every time I've been in and they aren't pushy which lets me stop in just to browse if I don't have time to really shop.  I ordered a handbag online and the customer service girl was so nice. She is gift wrapping the bag even though they don't offer the service online for another few weeks. Great store to buy your wife or girlfriend a nice outfit.
4	Super, duper friendly boutique smack dab in Cosmopolitan!For some reason, I'd never been here before.  But, I'm glad I did, because they have a very cute selection of clothing, shoes, jewelry, and even Jonathan Adler home goods.Brands noticed were Helmut Lang, A.L.C., Opening Ceremony, and 10 Crosby Derek Lam.  So, they're more on the contemporary side, less on the cutesy side.  I like that!When I checked on the store, they had a pretty big sale item section where everything was 50% off.  I ended up getting a Jonathan Adler ceramic piece for $20 -- a really great price.  They also had some other quirkly home stuff like the book "All my friends are dead" and "The Quotable Douchebag."    I like this buyer's taste!I will definitely check out this place again when I have more time.
